B003NFM3JU|5.0|This movie was great. The 3D effects made us watch this movie several times. This story is a Christmas stable anyway. 5 stars for this 3D movie.
B002LB6EJM|4.0|Good recording to work with in the first place so the SACD can be great, but this isn't as lively and fun as Cannonball's \\"Things are Getting Better. If you don't get happy feet listening to that you're in trouble. Still, \\"Somethin' Else\\" is borderline \\"must have\\".
1440503257|5.0|My 11-year-old daughter got this cookbook for Christmas, and the whole family loves it!  The recipes are easy enough for a tween to cook them, but appetizing enough for all ages.  Each recipe has a fun tidbit of information on how it relates to the HP books, and often describes the origin of the food.  Many of the recipes have been adjusted to modern and/or American tastes (which is especially appreciated!)  The ingredients are usually common items found in most kitchens, no need to go to specialty stores.  My daughter is able to plan a full menu, appetizer to dessert, and needs only minor supervision to complete the meal herself.  It's fun for all, and a great confidence boost for her.  We highly recommend this book for Potterphiles as well as budding chefs!
B002EEP3NO|5.0|Santa gave the Death Star to our son (who is 6 and 1/2) for Christmas...we knew it was going to be incredible, but wasn't sure if it would be way too difficult to construct. Anyway, it is awesome and my son and husband and I are all enjoying working on it. The instructions are excellent and my son's attention to detail has improved alot. No question a great product!
1936594366|5.0|This is a really good book no matter what your religious faith may be.  I love the parables and life lessons it highlights while you learn of the first Buddah.  It gives some thoughts to anyones life and the path we take to get through life.  It's a good easy thought provoking read! I certianly recomend.
B003NFM3JK|5.0|Need a little Christmas Spirit? You can't go wrong with this video of \\"A ChristmasCarol\\" starring the funniest Scrooge everfimed -- Jim Carrey. I even think Charles Dickens would approve. Gather up your family and enjoy this film.
B00447L4JG|5.0|Excellent, I purchased this DVD movie as a gift for my daughter.  She is very happy with her movie.  I got a great deal.  Thank you for getting me my purchase to me in time for christmas.
B000000I0I|5.0|Been listening to two Oldfield albums for 15 years or so, \\"Islands\\" and the Best of \\"Elements\\" CD.  Loved both, especially all the songs on best of Elements.  Then, in November 2010 I finally decided to go after all the albums highlighted in Elements, starting with Ommadawn.  I got the 2000 Remaster.  I can't believe it took me so long to discover this.  The first couple of times I listened to this I was like \\"ok, this is pretty good...I think I like it\\".  After that I was like \\"OMG where have you been all my life!\\"  This album is everything it is made out to be.  Magnificant all the way through. Especially Part 1.  It's like a delicious musical treat with lots of instruments, some hypnotic vocals and some of the most original guitar leads I've every heard.  I'm going after most of Mike's albums now.  It's like I found musical nirvana.
B0036EH3WK|5.0|LOST: The Complete Collection [Blu-Ray] package is amazing.  Great price for the entire series of LOST--from the plane to the all the answers of the Island.  If you're into LOST (or you were), you will LOVE this collection as it lets your revisit the beginning and watch all your favorite scenes.
B00456PKG4|5.0|This was an excellent movie and lots of fun. The plot was great and right when you thought you guessed the next thing, it surprises you. The ending was a bit different than I thought and I'm usually good at figuring these things out. I'm adding it to my library!
B0041MFOE0|5.0|This movie is still an inspirational and enjoyable classic.  Also, the Austrian scenery is beautiful.  I recommend this movie to everyone.
B003ZSJ212|1.0|As good as blu ray format may look, I still appreciate the regular old DVD format, and they look better conformed in my collection of DVDs (as opposed to the short-looking blu ray cases). But I have only heard of this set being released in BR format, and it makes me wonder if they are actually going to release the same set in regular DVD format as well?????
B003VR5PPY|5.0|By now you have probably read many reviews concering 9 Hours 9 Persons 9 Doors. This game is one that simply cannot be missed. I have had a DS for awhile and I have never come across a game for the system that was quite this captivating. I loved every minute of this game and it never got boring. I have reccomended this game to all my friends and I just wanted to say that if you have a DS this game is a must play.
B00428CPUY|2.0|I had eager;ly anticipated the release of this DVD and ordered the import from the US.  Whilst I really loved the first two concerts - this one was a major disappointment.  Great songs though they are - why did they have to once again include Killing Floor and Six Strings Down? I question why Sheryl Crow, whom I greatly admire as a pop artist, is included in such a line-up. Jeff Beck is once again the 'stand out' performer along with EC himself, but there are too many other non-legend, lesser knowns to make this a great compilation. We seem to be getting more talk too in place of the music.  It's time EC thought of inviting Joe Satriani to 'fire things up' or just get G3 to come and jam - that would really get the place jumping.  I hope if EC does this again - he's more selective with artists and the producers of the DVDs are more discerning than the stuff they dished up on these DVDs.  What a disappointment.
0316154687|2.0|I was absent the day they explained WHY I'm supposed to like David Sedaris. I understand he's popular and I went into this reading adventure (okay, listening adventure; I borrowed the audiobook from my library) wanting so badly to like it. Maybe it was Mr. Sedaris' reading voice, maybe it was elevated expectations but I made it a mere 2 discs before deciding to cut my losses and go back to listening to Howard Stern on my drive in to work. I'm sorry, fellow amazoners...but I'm putting Mr. Sedaris in my increasingly expanding \\"I don't see what all the hoopla is about\\" pile. He will join episodes of \\"Modern Family\\" and \\"English Patient\\" and they can all sit around, smoke cigars and talk about how wonderful they are.
B0030IIYYS|5.0|My two year old absolutely loves these two videos.  Product and Delivery by Amazon was great.  Very satisfied.  I will definitely order again.  Sacramento, California
B004FD398S|5.0|this movie is amazing! the 3D effects and colors are the best I've seen to date. I own 6 3D movies and none of them compare to this! too bad non Panasonic owners have to spend a small fortune to get this, but I think if you have a 3D setup this is a must have!
B003DZX3US|5.0|I purchased this for my 25 year old son so he could add it to his collection, he loves it!! Great movie!
0439023521|5.0|This book was chosen for our book club and is one of the reasons I love book clubs since I never would have read it on my own. I was afraid of another teenage Twilight-ish book (and don't get me wrong, I enjoyed those books too, I just wanted something different) but The Hunger Games had me hooked from the first page. I couldn't put it down, it was well paced, had well developed characters and left me wanting more. Read at your own risk, because if you start this book, you won't be able to stop till you've finished off the whole of the series.
B0027HOBM2|5.0|Heard about the series got them for 10 each. i am grateful for the amazon with this fine gem of a show.
0756656230|3.0|For something called \\"The Lego Book,\\" one would expect a comprehensive wealth of information regarding our favorite interlocking blocks.  Unfortunately, this book is only 200 pages in length, only 46 of which are actually dedicated to a skin-deep celebration of Lego's history.  The remainder of the book is (more or less) a litany of advertisements for modern Lego sets (the majority of which you can explore, in greater detail, online for free).  While some historical sets have slipped in and there are a few fun facts to go over, the later pages encourage so much skimming that you'll be done with the book in less than an hour.<br /><br />On the positive side, the book DOES give you a general feel for how Lego progressed over the ages and the book is of very high quality and filled with rich, vibrant images.  If you're looking for something a bit meatier, however, you'll just have to look elsewhere.
B0017JKEL8|5.0|Heard about the series got them for 10 each. i am grateful for the amazon with this fine gem of a show.
B0007TKNCY|5.0|Screwball comedies don't get much screwier than Howard Hawks' BRINGING UP BABY, with Cary Grant and Katharine Hepburn in their second of what would be four sublime screen pairings.<br /><br />All Dr. David Huxley (Cary Grant) wants is an intercostal clavicle to complete the skeleton of a dinosaur in his museum.  What he gets, however, is relentless Park Avenue debutante Susan Vance (Katharine Hepburn), her eccentric family, a tamed leopard, a wild leopard; and a dog with a fondness for dinosaur bones.<br /><br />Every scene is a master-class in the art of comedy acting for the screen.  Hawks doesn't use flashy camera tricks or excessive closeups, instead keeping the action flowing neatly and trusting the audience enough to let the humour unfold without making it seem too obvious.  Hepburn and Grant had previously starred in George Cukor's cult classic \\"Sylvia Scarlett\\" (a film that is ripe for rediscovery in a big way) and would reunite again with Cukor shortly after the completion of ...BABY for \\"Holiday\\", which is arguably the most popular and accomplished film of their teamings.  BRINGING UP BABY was reportedly partly-based on Hepburn's relationship with director John Ford, whom she had bedeviled on the set of 1936's \\"Mary of Scotland\\".<br /><br />Very rarely up until this time had Hepburn been overtly \\"girlish\\" and comedic on the screen.  Screwball comedy was a new venture for the star, but she instantly had the knack for it.  It's just a pity that the film wasn't a big a success as it should have been; as perhaps the biggest reason why Hepburn never did a similar follow-up comedy was the critical reception of ...BABY.  Hepburn as \\"box office poison\\"?  It seems unfathomable to us today, but in 1938, Ms Hepburn was consigned to this label as a punishment-of-sorts for a series of poorly-received films.  We can thank \\"The Philadelphia Story\\" for finally redeeming Hepburn's reputation in 1940, which marked the final time that she and Cary Grant were paired on the screen.  Each and every Hepburn film is a classic within itself, and she still stands as one of the most fascinating figures in cinema history.pburn film is a classic within itself, and she still stands as one of the most fascinating figures in cinema history.
B0038M2AZA|5.0|Educational! Insightful! Heartwarming!  Temple Grandin is a courageous woman to bare her soul but I am so thankful she did.  She is a groundbreaker.  Society and educational systems have much to learn from her.  People are not always as they seem.  The movie was well done but it is even more helpful to hear Temple tell just how things REALLY were and are today.  Special needs does NOT mean diminished abilities, just that a person does not fit our \\"usual\\" expectations.  Every teacher and teacher-in-training should watch this.
B00417HV14|5.0|Up until a year ago I didn't know who Joe Bonamassa was. Being a guitar player for some 30+ years I'm embarassed to admit that. But I watched this DVD and I was spellbound by Joe's total grasp of the blues. If you like rocking, electric blues you'll love this DVD. It's shot live at the Royal Albert Hall, and Joe is just thrilled to be there. The recording of this concert it top notch, all the instruments come thru very cleanly and the camera angles are superb. Joe is at his level best during this, sweating and pouring out the soul of blues to an appreciative British audience. They loved him and so do I. I highly recommend this DVD for your music library. It's a must have for blues folks.
B00014NE62|5.0|I first read Maurice years and years ago, as someone struggling to come to terms with my sexuality. It's a beautiful tender tale of young love. Two men destined for two different paths told brilliantly with amazing actors giving life to their characters. One man finds true love in the arms of antoher man. The other finds his own way. Any viewer, gay or not, would come to understand the time period and the consequences of being a homosexual then. It's a must see in my opionion not only for the subject matter but also for the rich backdrops of old England, English countrysides and more. It's a stunning film.
B0043GAZYS|2.0|There's something funny about Scott Pilgrim vs the World. Any bad review for the movie automatically gets tons of negative votes/feedback by people who can't accept that not everyone liked it, and feel that they have to defend the movie at all times. Arguments about how the movie was true to the source material, how it catered to 'real gamers', and more, but never any defense about why this is a good movie in their eyes. Your movie can have all the retro game references in the world and be true to the comics its based on, but that doesn't make it any less interesting. I grew up with Atari and NES games- I get the whole dropped coins from beaten enemies bit. Wow, a warp zone. Yeah, I get it. Watching this movie, I felt like I was watching something an NES threw up. I didn't laugh once, didn't care about any of the characters, and was fed up with it before it reached the halfway mark. Michael Cera being the star here didn't help either. Once again, he mumbles his way through another movie.    The basis of the movie is easily summed up in the trailers: Scott Pilgrim falls in love with Ramona Flowers, a delivery girl for Amazon who dyes her hair on a regular basis, wears goggles, and dresses like she's ready for a cosplay convention. She shows some affection for Scott, and even gets in bed with him pretty quickly, but decides against anything happening just as spontaneously. Soon after, Scott learns he must beat her seven evil exes for some reason (well, the main reason being because the movie plays out like a game), and goes up against them to win her over. Or at least, that's what he hopes to do. Ramona isn't exactly the most helpful person in the world when it comes to figuring things out, and she's a bit of a loser herself.    The movie's supposed to be based on the comics, and that's something that most of the fans like. But a movie shouldn't have to be just for the fans, especially a movie that got a worldwide box office release. Something I thought was funny wasthat the special preview did great at SDCC last year (of course it did- the crowd was nothing but comic fans), but once released nationwide, it bombed. Despite me being a big geek myself, I think this movie only appeals for people who are the biggest possible geeks out there, or people who love movies that rely on references to games. Again, I understood that this is a satire but it bored the heck outta me. I didn't care if the boring Scott Pilgrim got the boring girl who tries too hard to be different and cool by being disinterested in most things. Why Ramona even interested Scott went right over my head. Each of the evil exes had me rolling my eyes whenever they showed up, and the fights with them didn't work. If they wanted to put he comic on the big screen, why not just make it an animated film? Seeing Pilgrim fly around punching and kicking, I felt like I was watching a rough cut of the Dragon Ball Evolution movie. I will give the film a little bit of credit for being creative with one of the ex's fights: an Indian guy who has a kind of Bollywood style scene during the fight was a good touch. Over-production was a big problem too. How many times do we need the text 'BOOM!' or an emoticon to flash on the screen when there's a sound effect or something? Ok, we get it- it's a comic/game. You'd think after a while that this would tone down or just stop completely, but it didn't. This alone made the movie feel much longer than it was to me, and I don't get why more directors haven't learned from Sin City on how to do a comic-to-film right.    The blu-ray is great though- the visuals/audio are top notch, and if you have the right home theater setup, this is a great sample disc to use to show it off to friends and family. The extras are loaded as well for people who liked the movie enough to go through them.    I think Scott Pilgrim vs the World is suited at a much younger audience, maybe people who are just now playing the older games that it takes after. People whoreally, really, REALLY love games. And people who like reading tiny text boxes with little tidbits on every single character that appears on-screen. And people who still cling onto overused internet buzzwords like 'epic' and 'ftw'. This is one that I thought I was going to like, but in the end, I was bored to death. Scott Pilgrim just has one of those fan bases that's full of people rabid for anything Scott Pilgrim, as shown by the lack of negative feedback on the game for not having online support. How this is in many top 10 lists for movies of 2010 is beyond me.
B003U0AHBO|4.0|When the disc arrived I could hear it rattling in the box so I was worried about scratches.  I hated to open it since it was to be a Christmas gift, but really didn't want to give a scratched disc so I opened it.  Looked it over, then watched it and it was okay.  I guess this would be a problem for the original packagers.  Seems that they could insert a small piece of packing foam to alleviate the problem. P.S. I enjoyed the movie but my boyfriend and grandson did not.
B00003CXRM|5.0|That was the question we asked the first time through.  But for a get-away from it all, enjoyable movie, this is great.   Biggest deal - clean language.  A very rare quality from Hollywood.  Good music.  Well directed.
B0042VJ1PI|5.0|Awesome follow up to Heat Wave the first novel. Follows along well for reading between show seasons. and is text to speech enabled! We readers thank u for that. I love to read but late at nite its nice to follow along as Â«the voiceÂ» keeps pace for me. lol Great read! Hot ... Steamy; yet still action packed with crime drama and humor filled nudging between squad members and reporter figure Jameson Rook and their ever present sexy cool boss lady Nikki Heat with her many layered personna to yet be uncovered even more in this book from what we saw in the first novel. a fun interesting steamy at times read that has me asking... HEY CASTLE... WHERE and WHEN do we see BOOK #3! I hope it's by the end of this TV season! LOL
1594202842|5.0|Battle Hymn of the Tiger Mother is the story of an extraordinary mother's dreams, struggles, and ultimately, her love for her children, her parents, her family.  The voice of the narrator draws you in so that you can't put the book down, and when you finish you want to start all over again.  There is so much complexity to the voice -- intertwining confidence, self-mocking humor, regret, and courage.  Perhaps this complexity is lost on those who are not reading for literature, but rather are looking for help on how to raise their own children or validation for their own parenting choices (which is absolutely not the book's charge or mission).   It is a book about life, love, the challenges we all face in a changing world.  It is also a book of tremendous courage, telling a story that strikes at hugely personal and emotional inner conflicts.  The book alternately challenges, inspires, and provokes the reader.  Battle Hymn belongs to the genre of classic literature, and after all the publicity and controversy have died down, I have no doubt it will claim its place there.  At the same time, it is incredibly readable, a page-turner.  You will finish it in one sitting and be breathless at the end.
B0015519VS|5.0|I wish usher would stick to the style of this cd! Incredible CD! Married men of all races should enjoy this music. His Best Work So Far!!!!!!!!!
B003YFIUW8|5.0|This book was absolutely fantastic.  It is written from Jack's perspective which makes it even more interesting to see this world from a 5 year olds words.  I could not put the book down.  It has been a long time since I felt such a strong connection with characters.  I found myself anxious, sad, happy, excited, etc right along with the characters.  I was so sad when the book ended!  I would highly recommend this book!
B0034G4P7Q|5.0|It's a very good movie that uses real names, a real event, and creates a nice STORY.  It's not real.  It's based off a book guys
1439107955|5.0|This is literary masterpiece. It chronicles the definition of and struggle against a malevolent foe, weaving personal struggles and life lessons born of experimentation, industrialization, militarism, commercialism and medicine. One of the best books that I have ever read.
B002C6A6N6|4.0|OK, I bought this new from Amazon, the whole series, and I found that certain years don't play, they freeze up......three series of the 6 had episodes that froze, and I couldn't finish watching the episode, quite disappointing.......otherwise not bad...just be forewarned that not all discs will work accordingly.  would almost have to think that I was shipped used series, instead of purchased new.  this should not have happened....
1563523302|4.0|A very helpful book with great ideas, although a bit outdated at this moment.  It would be nice to have a follow-up edition.
B0030IIYYS|5.0|Bought both Toy Story and Toy Story 2 for my son. He had already seen Toy Story 3 in the theater, but i wanted to show him and my daughter good cartoons. They havent watched them yet, but I am excited for them. The products arrived faster than expected and that's why I order from Amazon. They are wonderful!
030746363X|5.0|I asked my husband for this book soley based on the fact that the 4 hour work week changed my life.  Tim has a great writing style so you will enjoy anything he writes about.  I call him Mr. Extreme because he doesn't do anything half way and that is what makes his information so powerful and exciting to read.  I will read anything he writes.
1439152780|4.0|This writer does not disappoint. I have never known an author to handle so many characters and situations this skillfully, tying up all scenarios neatly in the end.      And even more impressive is her use of suspense, not only regarding the central mystery of the novel, but in how she develops her characters.  At first they seem one dimensional--almost caricatures. But in the end, they are unique and multi-faceted and you will never forget them.      I feel as if I will think about this book often in the future.  What more can a reader ask!
B002OG5GT8|1.0|if you want a cheap thing that will make music marganally louder then this is for you.  if you want quality sound then this should be last on you list.  try the nuforce icon mobile, its a bit more money but its 100x better
B000ATQYT2|4.0|This is an endearing version of the Dicken's classic Christmas Carol--very enjoyable and Michael Caine performed superbly with his puppet cast.  However, the disk itself was soled upon receipt and needed to be cleaned in order to play properly.
B001UV4XFG|5.0|I really enjoyed watching the Twlight Sage Sequel - Eclipse.  I ordered three copies and they were shipped in a timely fashion.
0312600844|3.0|While I found this book readable, and the characters fairly interesting, it really didn't grab me.  After hoping that it would improve, I eventually just wanted it to end.  I even skipped parts toward the end.  It is certainly not on a par with Franzen's CORRECTIONS.  I did enjoy the last chapter where Walter finds reasons to enjoy the rest of his life.
B00428CPUY|3.0|Im sorry to have to say this Crossroads didnt hit the high mark that the others did . Too much repeat stuff from the others. Did have some very excellent performances though!!! Jeff Beck ...  never disappoints ... Sonny Landreth awe inspiring.... others as well, but overall lacked the spark that the first two Crossroads had . Not enough of various players including John Mayer and very little of Joe Bonamasa...Bonnamaso???? Oh well, spelling is not my strong point. I look forward to the next one hope they include many of the overlooked performers!!!!
030746363X|5.0|Some of the negative reviews of this book make some good points. Tim is not entirely consistent in his statements, and some of them don't make sense to me. \\"Not all calories are the same..\\" is flat out wrong. I understand his point (different foods react differently in your body), but the fact is a calorie is a unit of heat, and all calories are the same just like all inches are the same, and all volts are the same.    Just because the book isn't perfect doesn't mean it isn't valuable. Following his eating approach and increasing the rest time between weight-training sessions has made a dramatic difference for me. I'm less hungry than I was when I ate 'normally', I've put on muscle and I'm now within 5 lbs of what I weighed when I graduated high school (I'm 45).    Tim also states up front, \\"..be skeptical about my claims..\\" and he asks the reader to take responsibility for themselves. A healthy and rational approach that I wish more people would take to heart.    Thank you Mr. Ferriss! You rock!
B00005N6KG|5.0|Sound is real good for the price, it's a 3.5mm plug and will work with my desktop, laptop computer, MP3 player, anything that I've tried that takes a 3.5mm plug.
0316067938|4.0|I am 29 years old, so I was hesitant on reading this series.  I was literally embarrassed walking into the bookstore buying Twilight, because it was in the teen section lol  But after reading the first book, I just couldn't stop!  So yes now, I am a Twilight junkie and I wouldn't care if it was in the Baby Einstein section!    I would not rate Breaking Dawn less than four stars.  I really cannot agree with the negative reviews.  SM continues her writing as she did in the three previous books, granted I would have never predicted the outcome resulting in Breaking Dawn.    I have only a couple small complaints with the final novel.  The whole Bella having a kid is completely creepy and then Jacob imprinting on this baby is even creepier.  But, again, this is a series about werewolfs and vampires!!! lol Still, I definitely would have left these 2 events out.  I do see where SM was going with this, a happy ending for all, but I still think I would have curved around those events.    Overall, SM is a BRILLIANT writer.  I have never had an author just reel me into their writing like she did.  I still can't believe I read the whole series!  And so quickly!      I did want to point this out.  I saw in several of the negative reviews that they still finished Breaking Dawn in a couple of days.  One review said one day.  If it's that bad, are you going to finish a book that quickly????  Something to think about ;-)
B003ZSJ212|2.0|It's interesting how many shots are being taken at people for expressing the opinion of wanting  the original film versions without the new effects/edits. If Lucas has no intention of releasing  those originals again, the easiest way of showing your disapproval is with your wallet. In point  of fact the original Star Wars was great, Empire was the best one and only about 60% of Return   is watchable. Of the newer trilogy... well watching them is like watching a roadside accident. It's  horrible, disgusting and tragic but you just had to take a look. (Except people like me who don't look  at roadside accidents.)
B0007KTBIU|1.0|HI!  I ACTUALLY AM NOT VERY HAPPY BECAUSE I HAVE NEVER RECEIVED THE MOVIE I ORDERED!  I HAVE TRIED TO CONTACT THE SELLER TWICE THROUGH E=MAIL TO GET INFORMATION AND HAVE NEVER HEARD BACK FROM THEM EITHER!  I AM VERY UNHAPPY BECAUSE THIS WAS TO BE A CHRISTMAS PRESENT! I HAVE BEEN CHARGED FOR THE MOVIE ON MY CREDIT CARD AND WOULD LIKE TO KNOW WHAT THE NEXT STEP IS TO FIX THIS PROBLEM!  IT WOULD BE GREATLY APPRECIATED IF SOMEONE COULD CONTACT ME!  THANKS!                                 SARAH GARRETSON
B0015DYIH2|1.0|i see why this series is intriguing for teens but her writing skills are terrible and the characters are weak
B00009PBRP|1.0|When I purchased this DVD, it did not list that it would not work in US DVD players, now I see that the product ad does state that.... I don't feel that I should have to pay the over seas shipping fee back,since it is more than the DVD, but am getting no response. In general I have been VERY pleased with Amazon, this purchase was a horrible experience. Waste of money.
0375850864|5.0|I just finished this book about 30 minutes ago. I had never heard of it until the other day while I was in my local library discussing books with the Librarian. She suggested it to me and said that it is a very good book getting a lot of praise. I checked out the book and was captivated from the first page. I just love Miranda and the world she lives in. Rebecca Stead did a wonderful job in creating Miranda's world and the characters that inhabit it. I'm actually sorry that I finished it so quickly because I would have liked to have stayed with Miranda a while longer. (I may have to read it again) Thank you Rebecca Stead for this magical read. Please write another one around Miranda and her family and friends.
B004GNYGTI|5.0|As another reviewer stated, if you like a good spy flick, you should like this.  There is the constant, \\"is she, or isn't she?\\" question which always makes for a good suspense film.  I was pretty impressed with the DC scenes (as I live here).  It was a pretty good mix of real scenes and some staged sets.  All in all, a good film.    That said, the whole \\"video on demand\\" concept needs to ramp up the picture quality to full-screen and not a dumbed-down version of 16:9.  The sound quality could be better.  Still no Closed-Caption which I really need.  If you want quality and features then go with Blu-Ray.  If you want convenience with the downloading, then video-on-demand is the way to go.
0345457692|5.0|The very best elements of noir tightly folded into the best elements of hard sci-fi and cyberpunk.  Not only richly detailed, but filled with *believable* details and characters from start to finish.
0142405809|5.0|We love her books so we were excited to get this over the holidays.  This book is not silly like some of her other works but it is heart warming and lovely.  Two unlikely friends, a snail and a huge whale explore the seas and the snail gets to prove that even someone small can do something big.  I highly recommend this book for both the sweet rhyming story and beautiful illustrations.
B003UESJHO|4.0|Overview:<br /><br />This film is what I would consider to be the 'Real Rocky' story. It is gritty, it is seedy, and it is real. This film is based on the life of boxer \\"Irish\\" Micky Ward (Mark Wahlberg) and his older half-brother Dicky Eklund (Christian Bale).<br /><br />They are two brothers, who are chasing a dream, to be recognized as a boxing champion. Dicky's had his shot and once knocked down Sugar Ray Leonard, as his dream fades, he can still talk the talk, but as reality hits him he turns to the crack house. His habit drives him into criminal activity and eventually jail.<br /><br />While Dicky is in jail, Micky makes some serious strides, partially being motivated by his future wife, Charlene Fleming (Amy Adams) in terms of winning his fights. At the point where he has a shot at a title fight, Dicky is released from prison and makes a serious commitment to stay clean and to assist in training his brother.<br /><br />This is a film about having a dream, and struggling, and making sacrifices to reach the goal and the destiny of your life. To attain the vision of your life.<br /><br />The Brothers:<br /><br />Micky, being the younger grew up in the shadows of Dicky. He looks up to him, but realizes too late that his brother was only selling him smoke and mirrors, as his real interest is crack (that is until he is dried out in jail).<br /><br />Dicky always enjoys being the hero and the center of attention. It's this crave for attention that caused him to be duped into making a HBO documentary on Crack in America. Bale does an exception job acting as a crack head, he looks quite drawn and just a bit punch drunk.<br /><br />In the end, they are able to set aside their differences, come together to work towards a common goal.<br /><br />The Title Fight:<br /><br />The fight of his career was the Welterweight Championship bout with Shea Neary, in London. This fight takes place in 2000. This fight was quite sensational; you should see it for yourself.... so I will not put in a spoiler here.<br /><br />The Conclusion:<br /><br />This film motivates and it shows the strength and resolve of the human spirit. The unwavering determination of Micky is truly to be admired and emulated.s and it shows the strength and resolve of the human spirit. The unwavering determination of Micky is truly to be admired and emulated.
B0034G4P7G|2.0|Be advised that the commentary tracks on this DVD are bleeped. Its as if the studio thinks you are a child.
B002JVWQSW|5.0|I love Modern Family and the first season DVD did not disappoint!  I got it for a great price too, so it was definitely worth it!
B002MQYOFW|5.0|I found the Hunger Game series to be very engrossing, thought provoking and extremely hard to put down!   Thanks for the great writing!
B00364K6YW|5.0|My sister's have loved this movie, miniseries, forever.  I saw it on Amazon and decided to buy it.  I LOVED IT from beginning to end!!  Overview  Jane Austen's classic novel is brought to the screen once again in this intelligent and witty romantic drama. Elizabeth Bennett (Jennifer Ehle) is one of five sisters living on a British country estate in the 1800s. At a time and place in which matrimony is considered a woman's logical goal in life, Elizabeth displays a cautious reluctance toward marriage -- so when a wealthy young man, Fitzwilliam Darcy (Colin Firth) expresses an interest in courting her, she isn't so sure she cares for him. Elizabeth and Darcy discover that they have a great deal to learn about each other -- and no small amount to overcome in their minds -- if they are to find happiness together. Pride and Prejudice was produced as a five hour mini-series by the BBC and was first shown in the U.S. on the A&E cable network.
0439023513|5.0|I had so many people give me their opinions about this trilogy, and many of them didn't like the third book, so my expectations were quite low.  I must say, though, that I LOVED this book.  As an editor, I was a bit surprised at some of the things Collins got away with; as a romantic, I would have liked to have seen her spend a little more time on the romance part of the story.  As a human being, I just couldn't get enough of this story.  It's beautiful and tragic and raw and compelling and just plain phenomenal!  Despite a few mechanical and other minor flaws, it's a great book!  If you like a book that's wonderfully revolutionary, darkly provocative, and emotionally epic, this is for you.  I got teary-eyed several times throughout the novel, but the truth is that I was reading too fast, desperate to see what happened next, to let myself feel the emotion of it all.  With all that energy pent up, I read the quiet, understated afterword at the end.  And cried.  I totally want to read the entire trilogy again.  Don't let all the negative reviews out there get you down.  If you liked the first two books, you'll love the third.  It's an awesome, climatic, mind-blowing end to a story that's shattering on so many levels.  Let yourself get lost in it!
B0037Z95Z6|1.0|This may be a great series, but we'll never know with this DVD.  When we bought it there was no warning that this would not work in region 1 (one) DVD/Blu-ray players.    After trying to watch it, I went back on and found the only place one can see it won't work in our region was in the small print of the \\"Product Details\\".  The \\"Format\\" just says \\"Imported\\".    All other DVDs/Blu-rays I've looked at buying, this information is right up front and easy to spot.  Not in this case.    So be warned.  Be very careful when buying DVDs/Blu-rays from Amazon.com because they won't take it back if you open it.
B0044XV3R8|5.0|I made a last minute decision in December to purchase Avatar for my husband for Christmas. Amazon promised it would be there by the 25th of December, and, to my surprise, was a day or two early.
0790729628|2.0|The packaging for this version should have large red letters across the front: \\"THIS DVD IS SUBSTANTIALLY DIFFERENT THAN THE MOVIE YOU ALL LOVED.\\" Instead, it just says \\"Director's Cut.\\" The whole Film Noire atmosphere is gone (no Harrison Ford narration), there's a stupid emphasis on a unicorn that makes no sense, and the ending of the film has been removed. I agree with some other reviewers; buy this version only if you understand what you're getting. Otherwise, you'll be disappointed.
B003TSEL7S|5.0|this is the best book i hav ever read better then percy jackson but at the same time it is!!! but thare was not unuf romans thay dident even kiss!!! but rick riordan can write varry good romantic parts if he wonts to but the boy never makse the first moov
B00149F6HI|4.0|Review of CD 2:  HIStory is MJ's most personal album to date. This CD was his response to all the hard times he has been put through by the media and corrupt law and order personnel. You get to see a very angry, raging Michael who is just tired of just being pushed to a corner and stepped on.    Having said that this is also MJ's worst albums.Dont get me wrong people worst doesn't always mean bad. This album has some great great songs. MJ's worst is still better than 95% of all pop artists. Onto the tracks...    The Good:  Scream/They Don't care about us- 10/10 Kickass songs. MJ is angry. Very angry.     Stranger in Moscow-12/10 One of the best of all Michael Jackson Songs.Very Underrated.You can actually feel the pain MJ felt. Written and composed by Michael Jackson himself. Genius.     Earth Song/You are not alone- Another 12/10-Very powerful ballads. Amazing amazing songs.    And that is it. Rest of the songs are just complete opposite to the songs above.I read that HIStory was supposed to be greatest hits CD with a few new songs. Maybe the songs above was the originally intended new songs.  I guess Sony wanted a full album and MJ was just trying to fill up the CD. 'Come Togother' and 'Smile' are great covers. But two covers in a Michael Jackson CD? There is some great vocals by Michael in 'Childhood' and \\"Little Susie'. But the songs themselves aren't that great. I don't know how an artist like MJ could put songs like 'D.S', 'Money',and '2 Bad' on his CD. 'Tabloid Junkie' is just junk. As a huge fan of Michael Jackson I was completely surprised by the lack of quality in these songs.    Still there are some great songs in this CD and they make it completely worth the money you pay for this CD. Not to mention the Greatest Hits CD that comes with the album.    HIStory Continues: 7/10
030746363X|5.0|Protocols followed:    1. Slow carb diet: All 4 weeks, did have one extra cheat day over what is outlined in the book  2. 2 handed kettle bells swings: 50 lb homemade variety doing 75 reps however many sets it took, with one min rest in between. Twice a week, all 4 weeks  3. Ice pack on upper back/neck: 4 days a week, all 4 weeks  4. PAGG stack: 2 of the 4 weeks  5. Long term testosterone protocol:2 of the 4 weeks, without cold showers/baths, or Brazil nuts.    I'm a 31 year old male. I am a former infantry Marine so I have been in rather good shape in the past, but never reached the point of having a 6 pack. Also, prior to starting this my breakfast already consisted of several scrambled eggs in the morning mixed with black beans. The only thing I've changed for that meal is adding spinach to it.    I know these aren't the best measurements, but they are what I have.    Before    Height: 5 foot 7 inches  Weight: 172 lbs  All of my 34 inch waist pants fit from comfortable to snug  My first attempt at 75 two handed, 50lb kettle bells swings took 6 sets. (no one set more than 20 reps)    Day 30    Weight: 161 lbs  All of my 32 inch waist pants fit from comfortable to loose  Completed 75 two handed, 50lb kettle bell swings in one set
030746363X|5.0|Tim effectively communicates the essential proven techniques and diet strategies of the bodybuilding lifestye to the \\"general public.\\" I don't think the book was meant to act as a bible for serious body builders or powerlifters looking for an edge.
B002ZG99NG|4.0|I like Ben Affleck enough but as an actor he seems to have a knack for showing up in more than his share of lousy movies. As a director, however, he's two for two.     I liked \\"Gone Baby Gone\\" a lot. I liked the story, the characters, the depiction of life in that part of Boston. It had a smart script and it all felt very real to me. \\"The Town\\" might not be quite as good but the problems lie more in the script than the direction.     It deals with the Charlestown section of Boston and some successful buddy, bank/ armored car robbers. Their most recent heist ends up requiring them to take a female hostage. She's let go but Affleck is sent to assess if she is a problem or not and neutralize her if necessary. He ends up falling for her and that, plus the FBI and some other unforeseen things, puts Affleck in a seemingly no win situation. Can he beat the FBI, beat the bad guys, get the money and get the girl?    This is an old story. It doesn't hold the surprises enjoyed by \\"Gone Baby Gone.\\" The viewer can pretty much tell where things are going. It's really just finding out how the loose ends are going to be resolved. That is really the only 'so-so' aspect of this project. The story is time worn but the particulars are handled well. Jon Hamm plays a good FBI man. He's smart, tough and he knows what buttons to push with what people to get what he wants. Jeremy Renner is always good and this roll is no exception. He plays a scumbag but not one that's two dimensional. He has a sense of loyalty to his pals as do they all. They've grown up together. Done a handful of jobs together and would do time for one another. Peter Postlethwaite (may he rest in peace) chews on his roll with vigor. The other rolls are good but too many to mention here.    Affleck's direction is assured. Like \\"Gone Baby Gone\\" he has a good sense of things. I never felt the camera was someplace it shouldn't be. For someone from California he has a good sense of the location. The bars, apartments, etc. allfeel right. Some complain that it's too long but it clocks in under two hours which didn't bother me in the least.     If crime thrillers are your poison, this should fit the bill.
B004BC7MRM|3.0|After reading all the reviews I thought I would be in for a treat.  I'll admit I never listened to Kid Rock before but it felt very light...kind of like listening to an Eagles cover band playing some original material laced in.  Some songs were better than others and some were very trite.   I don't think I will listen to again but it was worth the look.
0446691437|4.0|I read this book to help me get out of a slump.  It worked to help me overcome \\"resistance\\", and move forward in both my writing and music playing.  Highly recommended.
B000000OAL|5.0|The key here is that I'm 64 and my nephew is 26. Getting him a Christmas present with an act we both are familiar is very rewarding. The CD came to my nephew's  parents well in time for him to get it as a Christmas present.
B002ZG994U|3.0|The A-Team is a lot like The Expendables, in that it's a recent big-budget action movie that is all style and no substance. It has good action, but little else. I miss the days of Arnold, when you would understand why people were being shot and stabbed and whatever else. In The A-Team, a lot of people get shot but I don't have the faintest idea why. But I'm a college dropout, so what do I know.
B0046MOVD0|3.0|Reviewing RE Afterlife is actually pretty complicated; its a lot of highs and lows and \\"how does this compare\\" type of feelings.  Personally I really enjoy all the RE movies, I know they arent cinematic masterpieces, but they have all entertained me time and again.  That being said, I think this movie was a low point in the series.  I guess I should clarify and say I did not get to see this in 3D, I missed it in theaters and rented this week and watched it on Bluray.  I know for a fact this movie would have been better in 3D, the only thing is that is part of what I dont like about the movie.  Watching it in 2D makes it clear that about 80% of the movie was nothing more than an excuse to show off their 3D imagination and camera.  Too much of the movie you could tell was storyboarded simply because it would look good in 3D.  This to me is the culmination of the direct the movies have gone.  The first one was definitely a horror movie with action in it.  RE Afterlife was just an action movie.  If you like that, then ok good, Im glad you enjoyed it.  This movie mostly consisted of Action / Action in Slow-mo / Action in 3D / and Action in Slow-mo 3D.  I know all movies like this have \\"expendables\\", but they didnt even really introduce you to any of the expendables in this movie.  By the time they started getting killed off I thought \\"Oh, were that far along in the movie already?\\".  Not to mention the deaths were totally random, almost as if saying \\"Its the formula, we have to start out with more people than we can end with, so we have to kill some off now\\".  It also was a bit annoying how they set up the first 15 - 20 minutes writing a scene to say \\"Oops.. We made Alice too powerful, and definitely made a mistake giving her clones.. So we have to do something to make an excuse to take all that away\\".  Kinda like in video games where they start you out super powerful, and then make some excuse to take it all away from you right away.  Also there is like all of 3 zombie attacks in the movie.    I did like how they tied even more into the video games.  Chris Redfield shows up, the zombies now have the split face thing from RE5 and they bring in the huge nearly impossible to kill guy with a huge hammer.  There is a tie-in between the bad guy in this movie and in RE5.  The ending sets up the next movie, even though its kinda laughable if you think about it.  That being said I would do it again if I hadnt seen it.  I just feel that 3D should add to a movie, not be the reason for it.  I guess an example of that feeling is Avatar.  Avatar was a great movie in 2D that was even better in 3D.  This movie would have been decent in 3D, but fell short in 2D    So in the end I think I will have to rate the movie like this:    +1 star for being a RE movie  -1 star for filming so much of the movie to only be relevant in 3D  +2 star movie if it had nothing to do with Resident Evil or 3D  +1 because Im feeling generous to the movie
B002N5N5QQ|5.0|Sons of Anarchy has got to be THE best show on TV!  It would be more awesome if there were NO commercials!!!  After watching an episode, we're already ready for the next one!  It's a good thing there are DVDs of the seasons!!
030746363X|5.0|There is SOOO much great stuff available in this book. Even though it is not a light weight book, I find myself  wanting to take it with me wherever I go.
B0043CJ980|4.0|Maroon 5 has jumped around a bit within the rock genre throughout their past couple of albums. Songs about Jane was very much a HOT AC record and launched some massive singles accordingly. The slightly less successful It Won't Be Soon Before Long gave them their first number 1 and practically shimmered with its tight hooks and more pop-ish sound. Well if their second album was thin, Hands All Over is anorexic, in the sense that there isn't a single ounce of fat in the brief 12 tracks, none breaking 4 minutes.    Misery: Great lead single that should've done better than it did. It took a few listens, but this is a worthy successor to Makes Me Wonder as far as headlining tracks go. B+    Give A Little More: Another awesome funk-pop number that has an instantly catchy groove. It's all very alluring, and this one tops Misery. B+    Stutter: This track has a very well-established rhythm to it, with single status ringing off every note of Adam Levine's vocals. An adrenaline-pumped 3 minutes of great rock-pop fun. A-    Don't Know Nothing: Keeps up a great pace at a point when most albums have thrown in at least one ballad. Not a standout, but very catchy nonetheless. B    Never Gonna Leave This Bed: The first semi-slow track, and this is pretty great. This song is the most rock one yet, and in a great way. B+    I Can't Lie: A bit forgettable if only due to its placement on the record. Not bad by any means, but the beat is very funky and it doesn't ever catch fire. B-    Hands All Over: The title track is phenomenal, perfectly sexy with a beat that propels the track to a retro rock jam. A-    How: Another great ballad; it's a rarity for a band in this day and age to put out so many solid slow tracks throughout their career, but Maroon 5 leads the pack. B    Get Back In My Life: A good song, although I'm not sure how it would fair outside the realm of the album. A funky number much like I Can't Lie. B-    Just A Feeling: The best ballad on the record. Every emotion can befelt through Adam's vocals, and this one slides by so fast that it warrants repeated listens. B+    Runaway: This track surprised me; so close to the end, and yet this is one of the best. It's a companion to Stutter in terms of excellence, and it rides a beat that makes song go by far to quickly. A-    Out of Goodbyes: It would've been easy for this to be gimmicky, but it's short enough of a track that it feels like two bands got together and played this for fun. That being said, it's nicely emotional, but not sappy. B+    I was shocked by how much I enjoyed this album. It's gotten fairly mixed reviews, but I'd have to agree with allmusic.com, who gave it 4 1/2 stars. This is Maroon 5's best album.    Recommended: Stutter, Never Leave This Bed, Hands All Over, Runaway
0525951652|5.0|I thought the book had great characters, and Ken wove a great story that kept me totally enthralled for days. I was sorry to see the book end. I am anxious for him to produce the next book in the trilogy. The book also reveals some interesting history about a senseless and barbaric war.
B001FASVLE|5.0|Avril has definitely jumped around a bit with her persona in the past few albums. As one of the few who liked Under My Skin better than Let Go, Avril threw a total curveball with this album. From the outside, it may seem that she has sold out and gone the route of artists that she once mocked, but Avril is still herself; just with a brighter color pallet.    Girlfriend: The single heard 'round the world. Instantly catchy with a deep hook that buries in your brain in all the ways. Man, and that chant is just saturated in attitude. A-    I Can Do Better: Her best breakup song. I haven't heard a better one since, and with that soaring bridge, this one deserves to be on repeat for the heartbroken. A-    Runaway: Not as heavy on the attitude as the first two tracks, but this is another good one. More rock-tinged, which is nice to hear. B    The Best Damn Thing: Basically Girlfriend Pt. 2, without seeming the least bit secondhand. The clapping beat rides along a bubblegum rhythm that is intoxicating. B+    When You're Gone: Somehow Avril pulls off sentimental amongst all the schoolyard taunts, and maybe it's because this song is so heartfelt. A tragic, soaring piece. A-    Everything Back But You: This song gets sold if only to the trio of names she gives her ex's new squeeze. Avril treads such a fragile line here between bratty and bada** that it's all the more rewarding. B+    Hot: The most rock-based song on the album, and it's perfect. This undeservingly bombed in the U.S., with a sweeping chorus that is meant to fill gymnasiums everywhere. A    Innocence: Really awkward in the context of the album's cheerleader-taunting mood, but a sweet ballad nonetheless. B    I Don't Have To Try: This one's a bit too hardcore. The f-bomb sends everything into a territory that isn't really necessary, and this one ends up being just alright. B-    One of Those Girls: One of the only two up-tempo tracks not to have a curse in it, this is a good song that comes off as a nicely maturewarning to a boy, riding a solid if not hot beat. B    Contagious: Coming in at barely over two minutes, this one flies by as fizzy fun. Not much else to say. B    Keep Holding On: Another sweeping ballad; it says a lot for Avril's personality that she can so easily pull this off amongst such lighthearted fun.    This could have been the record that saw Avril clawing desperately for attention, but instead it works as the rare lightweight pop album that warrants multiple plays to really get in on the fun.    Recommended: Girlfriend, I Can Do Better, When You're Gone, Hot
B001U3Y5XE|5.0|My grandson loves it! He's been into Legos for quite some time and apparently this has become one of his favorites (it's also fun for the family). I definitely recommend it. Shipping was timely and product arrived in good condition.
B002ZCY7PU|4.0|I love watching the quirky, nerdy character of Chuck evolve into a confident spy by season three. The first season is wholesome and funny with a little bit of mystery and romance thrown in. The extended cast is well thought out and are important to the series unlike many other shows I can think of. I appreciate that the first season can be viewed by the whole family without worry of morals or language. Unfortunately as season two progresses into season three the writers went down another path and made the show too grown up for the kids with the budding relationship between the shows' two primary stars. Seasons one and two are must-sees by the whole family but I would hold off season three and beyond for mature audiences only.<br /><br />Season three finds Chuck as a first-class spy who is finally getting a grip on his alter-ego and how to deal with it. He is thrust into a lot of adventure and a bit of intrigue with and without his spy girlfriend. It sometimes feels like I am watching a Victoria's Secret shoot when she is in the room, which is totally unnecessary for the show to succeed. The writers do not have to play sex up to make this show good, it stands on its own.
1594202842|1.0|Do you enjoy reading something that smacks of being written by a miffed 12 year old?  Have you always wanted to have a Chinese woman talk down on your and your entire culture while simultaneously enjoying all the benefits of said culture?  Do you yearn to have a woman with a transparently livid, hate-filled childhood of bitter disappointment, child abuse, and reckless disregard for reality lecture you on your parenting methods?    Some fascinating points: 1) China is very competitive academically and Chinese students are supposed to get As no matter what.  So they do.  Guess which international students have the highest rate of cheating?  Guess how Amy Chau maneuvered her way through university?      2) Amy Chua writes like someone who despises her own parents, but can't wait to inflict the same emotional trauma on her own children because now that she's queen bee it's time for some revenge!  Her daughters will either grow up into emotional wrecks (perhaps successful in their academic fields, but plauged with regret, self-doubt, and anger that they will in turn inflict on their own children) or they will grow up to be emotional wrecks.  But Amy Chua wants you to know not only is she smarter than you, she's flat out better than you.     3) Amy Chua loves Chinese parenting.  She loves Chinese parenting culture.  She loves the Chinese academic system.  She loves the faux Chinese superiority complex.  Amy Chua needs to move back to China.      4) Amy Chua titles excerpts to inflict maximum controversy insuring that people will hear about her (discounted) book.  Amy Chua has the same PR strategy as a radio shock jock who starts a radio show by saying 'This is why Jews are big-nosed thieves'.  Amy Chua is an embarrassment to her university.      5) Amy Chua believes she succeeded in life only because Chinese parents are so strict.  Amy Chua does not realize that a few hundred million Chinese people don't succeed despite their equally strict parents.  Amy Chua is a poor professor.      6) Amy Chua thinks that her memoirs make her special.  Amy Chua believes she is the first Asian person to become a professor.  Amy Chua secretly wonders if this is due to some kind of affirmative action initiative.      7) Amy Chua's children hate her.  They used to stay awake at night wondering why their mother was such a raging, controlling bitch.  Now they just funnel their hatred, channeling it down deep into their souls.  Every time they play their mandatory piano, each strike of the keys is a representations of a dagger going through Amy Chua's heart.  Every time they spend 7 hours studying on a beautiful Saturday afternoon since they are not allowed to socialize with other children they envision pushing Amy Chua down a flight of stairs.  Every time they stare at a passing teenage boy and their mother pinches their arm and tells them not to sully their pure bloodlines they wonder what Amy Chua's brains would look like splattered on the end of a meat hammer.      8) Amy Chau's friends and acquaintances hate her, too.  It might seem interesting to meet Amy Chua right until you witness the child abuse and she cocks back her head and condescendingly tells you just how wrong you are not to abuse your own children.  The people near Amy Chua's office hate her.  Amy Chua's students hate her. Many white students are smarter than her, but they do not get A's in her class.  Their parents are not Chinese and Amy Chua knows only Chinese get A's.      9) Amy Chua is a chauvinist.  Why else are little girls not allowed to practice anything other than the 'feminine' instruments of the violin and piano?  Why are they not allowed to exercise?  Are they allowed to choose to wear jeans instead of dresses?  Must they stand at attention when their father enters the room?  Does Amy Chua realizes she makes people ashamed that they let her parents into the country?      10) Amy Chua's book editor hates her.  When a 'professor' gives you a manuscript that looks suspiciously like it was stolen off a 12 year old's MySpace page and your job is to clean up all the 'like totally' and 'for sure this was major dumb!' you would hate her, too.      11) Amy Chua has the utter derision of people she's never met because she has blanket insulted the entirety of the country kind/foolish enough to give her a home and benefit her with an education she apparently didn't want from China.  Amy Chua is a racist, egotistical horrid collection of random cells that passes it off as a human being and her ancestors are ashamed that her last name starts with a 'C' because a real student would have a name that starts with an 'A'.
B003F3NDWG|5.0|We own both of the available DVD seasons of the Castle TV series and will continue to add this show to our in-home library as long as the writers keep it clean. Castle is the name of the show's lead character (Rick Castle) who is a writer of mystery novels and a single father of one very bright teenage daughter. Through a friendship with the mayor he is allowed to follow a group of detectives on `real' murder cases as research for his new books. The lead detective (a sassy, in-your-face single woman) is the character, \\"Nicky Heat\\" for his new series of books. There is a slight attraction between them (of course) which gets things heated up on occasion, but so far you have to `fill in the blanks' yourself (smart on the writer's part). Castle keeps the detectives on their toes with his off-the-wall comments and surprisingly accurate case solving abilities. A must see.
0316069485|1.0|I kept waiting for the intrigue... It Never Comes. It's more like a weak legal TV episode.  Sad when many of the others are enjoyable.  I just wish I had read critical reviews before spending my money and time on this one.
B002I9Z8I0|4.0|What can you say about Star Trek? The show was beyond its time from the very first episode and the subsequent movies have made it that much better. The concept evolved over time and seeing all the movies in chronological order helps the viewer to better understand the evolution of the Star Trek saga. The picture and quality of this set is very good. Definitely something every Trekie should own.
B004498KPU|5.0|I already own all Michael Jackson's short films already available on dvd but this collection is a real treasure of all his films in their original long form. There are several films not previously released that I have wanted for years including \\"Another Part of Me,\\" \\"One More Chance\\" and \\"Come Together\\" from Moonwalker. The sound and picture quality is awesome. The booklet is a a nice extra. I absolutely love this!
B0009P66TK|4.0|This is one hefty watch but thats what gives it character. Very nice design, not suitable for suits per say but definitely casual for students such as my self. The chronograph handle doesn't land 100% on the 12 though but its forgivable. The description doesn't mention that its 52mm if you include the crown of the watch so be warned. Also, the strap is 22mm, not 21mm as indicated. I bought myself a tan watch band with rivets to replace the black one. I bought this watch mainly because the hamilton x-wind khaki was a bit $$ but this one resembles so I'm happy. I am a watch addict now and will definitely be buying more along the way including the hamilton x-wind khaki.
1400034779|5.0|I was so appreciative that my sister told me about this book. It is a wonderfully warm and enjoyable story - loved it! Made me want to continue on with more, in the series of Alexander McCall Smith's books.
B000P0J09W|5.0|Grandson Loves It !
B000JIHP88|5.0|My 2 month old LOVES watching this mobile!  She smiles and coos at it whenever it is on.  The music choices are great as well.  Very happy I purchased it.
B0034G4P7G|1.0|I just saw this film last night. The attitudes of all of the characters are so negative that it makes it hard to believe. Mark Zuckerberg is portrayed as an incredibly arrogant person and this got on my nerves right from the start.  I also didn't like how women were seen as objects of men's desires and nothing more (no brains, no depth and they were even making college women look wreck less).      The movie was kind of slow (though speech was fast paced) and boring in addition to the negativity. I was excited to see this film and wondered what all of the hype was about only to be disappointed.
B0032JTV6U|5.0|How can you not love Glee?  This is the FULL first season DVD set now, and it is crammed with a lot of fun extras in the last 4 DVD's.  There are many reviews on this so I don't have much to add except that it deserves the full 5 stars.
B00005O5CM|5.0|The product came in great shape..... my daughter was very pleased . Now she can watch it 100 more times
030746363X|4.0|Although I haven't implemented any of the strategies yet, this book has me excited about the prospects.  As a Registered Nurse I am aware of the holes and pitfalls of conventional science.  Thanks to Tim for doing the research that many of us don't have time for or access to.
0061564893|3.0|From my own experience in Mexico up in the mountains close to Tepic, we visited a Huichole Indian village and heard that a Korean girl had once visited and understood their language.  In fact she came back and translated the Bible for them.  Over time I have run into more Koreans who have understood a lot of the linguistics for the Apache and other North American Indian tribes.    This book is plausible.
B001EN71DQ|5.0|My husband was thrilled to receive this for Christmas and said that given the choice he would have purchased the skim case as well!  Thanks a million for low price and SUPER delivery!SPEEDY
B001EYGOEM|2.0|I may be in the minority, but I was disappointed with the music.  Based on other reviews, I expected this CD to be \\"Wow!\\".  It will go in the \\"garage sale\\" pile.
1401917232|5.0|As the representatives of J/Jeshua/Jesus, Arten and Pursah will release the book \\"Love Has Forgotten No One: The Answer to Life\\" at the exact moment that they decide to.  I am certain that they know precisely what they are doing.    J/Jeshua/Jesus refers to this same subject with regard to A Course In Miracles and it's physical/logistical process to Helen in the Special Messages section of the UrText.  Check it out.
B003YFIUW8|5.0|This book is amazing. It's written from the mind of a 5 year old so it's a bit hard to read at times because the dialogue isn't what you're used to reading. It's a wonderful look into how a child can adapt. I would recommend this book to everyone! It is a little expensive on Kindle since you could just by the acutal book for a few dollars more but it is more convenient when traveling.
B0008ENHUI|5.0|Visited Devil's Island yesterday while on a cruise. Saw the movie on the cruise ship and had to have a copy for myself. What a place and an incredible movie.
B0010OIN90|5.0|I bought this for my 4 year old nephew who is just starting to learn time and LOVES Legos. I was told that he was the cool kid for the day at his preschool and was very happy with the title and to show off to everyone. It was an excellent gift; Auntie scored some points!
B000002QWD|5.0|It's just not Christmas without hearing Bing Crosby. Everyone from Nelson Eddy to Donna Summer to Hanson have recorded White Christmas (Hanson did it the way Bing did it). The version of White Christmas we've all come to know and love is on here, as well as I'll Be Home For Christmas and It's Beginning to Look a Lot Like Christmas. All standards set by Bing. But we get more. The Andrews Sisters help out on a couple of songs and Carole Richards teams up with Bing for Silver Bells.     Other favorites I like are Silent Night, God Rest Ye Merry Gentlemen, Adeste Fidelis, Christmas in Killarney and Mele Kalikimana. This CD belongs in EVERY holiday CD collection.
1439181780|5.0|I was a bit skeptical about purchasing this thinking that it may be a little more hype but was very pleasantly surprised. Rhonda did a great job making her case on each point.  It is all very simple yet we make it all so hard. She reminds us how simple life really should be. Just love, accept, give, and let go.
B0042AEOG0|4.0|I got this CD for half price ($6.99) at an after Christmas sale. This is Mariah's second holiday effort. Her first holiday CD gave us \\"All I Want For Christmas is You\\" which is now a standard. On a NYC radio station, WYNY (106.7 Lite FM) which plays non-stop holiday music between Thanksgiving and Christmas, that song was ranked the most popular holiday song. I'm not exactly a big fan of hers, but I figured let me listen and judge. I must admit there are some good cuts on here, namely:    O Little Town of Bethlehem/Little Drummer Boy  When Christmas Comes  Here Comes Santa Claus  Charlie Brown Christmas (Xmas Time is Here)  All I Want for Christmas is You  Auld Lang Syne    Her live version of \\"O Holy Night\\" is good, but it sounds a lot like the studio version released in 1994. I think she \\"overdoes it\\" a few times, but hey, it's the holidays, let her go all out. I think she does \\"Here Comes Santa Claus\\" and \\"Auld Lang Syne\\" very well. The latter song she makes her own. A good CD for parties.
0525423273|1.0|This book is nothing special. It basically takes the story structure of all the paranormal romance out there and makes it contemporary. The main character Anna is seriously annoying.  I find it weird that the main girl behaves in the same manner as other paranormal main characters that so many of my people bash. What is different about Anna? She is just as annoying. She is BELLA Swan's preppy sister ( the same low self esteem syndrome, trying to make smart remarks, and the fainting and nervousness thing around the main guy) but even more annoying. She goes on and on and on and on about how beautiful St. clair (isnt this the name of a chocolate bar?) is and reviewers dont complain? These are the same people that bash S.Meyer and other paranormal writers for making their female MC talk about the guy's beauty. Double standard much?    Maybe because I spend half the year in Paris, the charm of a book written in Paris is nothing special to me. Maybe because my mother is French and I technically find most french people annoying. Who knows what it is? I just didn't connect with the book. Americans and people who still view Paris as something special will love this. However, if I walk into any book store in France, I can find light fiction with way better setting about Paris
B0000AUHQT|4.0|I found some of the performances shallow and not as in depth as the novel but, it's still a great film. I do not feel that anyone can take a novel like Gatsby and turn it into a 2 hour film with great success. If you have not read the novel then I think you may find it a bit lacking. You have to know the back stories that are not present in the film version.     I wish that Acorn Media or the BBC would make the novel into a miniseries because I know they would do credit to the novel.
B00003CXPD|5.0|I just saw this on the OWN channel and it was so good. I plan to buy it right away.   The story is sweet and done in the \\"british way\\" and it held my interest. My favorite part is the last scene just before they freeze the shot. I won't spoil it for anyone but it was beautifully done!!!! I loved it!!
B000089Q9D|5.0|The only thing I have to say is that this movies is one of the best movies a nostalgic film. Movies play such a huge role in our culture and this movies truly tells a story of how film can change peoples lives. Being a huge film buff I love everything this movie portrays and the story is inspiring. This is a must see!
B001E75QH0|5.0|My family loves this box set of Indiana Jones movies. The cases are skinny so as not to take up a lot of space on our DVD shelf, of course the showing quality is the best and the movies are the classics we cherish! I am not a detail oriented person when it comes to movies, I don't care who produces what and the bonus features and all of that, but we do love the movies, their quality and we highly recommend this box set over other I.J. sets... the price is perfectly right!
1594202842|2.0|Beyond personal anecdotes and cultural stereotypes, what does modern psychological and developmental research say about the tenets of the \\"tiger mom\\" model of parenting? (based on the key points outlined in the WSJ article by the author)    First, the claim that \\"nothing is fun until you're good at it\\" is incorrect.  In fact, a multitude of psychological research studies show that \\"learning is fun while you are getting better at it.\\"  For example, the most enjoyable part of a computer game is the process of trying and failing and eventually succeeding to get through each level.  Children may not persist in piano or violin, but few would give up on a game.  Why?  Partly because game designers find creative ways to help children make incremental progress and turn mistakes into learning opportunities to get better.  If we help children realize that mistakes are there to help us get better, rather than as a mark of shame or something to avoid, children actually learn more and enjoy learning more.  We don't have to be good to enjoy something ... we can enjoy learning on the way to becoming better.    Second, the claim that \\"tenacious practice is crucial for excellence; rote repetition is underrated\\" is overstated.  Further, using escalating levels of rewards or punishment to drive a child towards a short-term performance goal is not productive.  Rote practice is part of, but not the preferred methods of virtuosos.  Research studies on performance and expertise show that reflective, deliberate, and even \\"spaced\\" practice (practice, walk away, practice again) are the key ingredients of developing expertise and high performance.  For example, Tiger Woods is so committed to studying and improving his own golf swings that at the peak of his career, he made a decision to change his swing at the cost of a period of subpar tour performance in order to become an ever better player (besting only himself).  In a high-reward, high-competition environment, he gave up short-term performance goals in order to learn more deeply about his craft.  That kind of learning and practice is hardly rote and is most certainly driven by an internal flame rather than mere external pressure.    Third, the claim that true self-esteem comes from hard-earned achievement (or approval) rather than artificial praise -- this claim is perhaps half right.  Research does show that artificial and shallow praise like, \\"you are so smart\\", \\"good job\\", not only does not promote learning, but impedes it.  However, the tiger mom model of parenting also seems to imply that the alternative is for a parent to relentlessly impose a much higher, external performance standard upon the child along with rewards and punishments.  That is where the approach is no longer supported by research.  When a child's sense of approval is too attached to a externally set performance goal (e.g., getting an A, getting to Harvard) vs. the process of getting there, a host of problems occur.  Children may choose the easiest path, they may want to cover up a mistake, they may grow overly anxious and distressed in challenging situations, and they have difficulty enjoy learning.  Grown-up examples of high-achievers who cannot handle a setback and resort to any means to cover up mistakes can be found in the detailed accounts of how Enron executives and Bernard Madoff began their down-fall.  A better alternative is to show true interest in the child's process of learning and offer genuine encouragement, along with setting some boundaries for persistence and effort.    There is joy in the process of learning.  Neither shallow praise nor performance obsession (and the associated reward and punishment) helps a child to discover joy for herself.  Having discovered that joy through persistence and encouragement, the child can overcome setbacks and challenges and find her own inner compass.  The \\"tiger mom\\" model over-corrects and may go to the opposite extreme.    Additional research-based resources for those who are interested --    On the point of smart vs. rote practice, see  \\"Talent is Overrated\\" by Geoff Colvin    On the point of being good vs. becoming better, see  \\"Mindset\\" by Carol Dweck    On the point of praise, reward, punishment, see both Dweck's book above and also \\"Punished by Reward\\" by Alfie Kohn    If you are looking for something non-research but humbling and inspiring, I highly recommend a little book called \\"Many ways to say I love you\\" by Mister Rogers.      (Note: This is NOT a review of the literary quality of the book.  As a research psychologist (inspired by the joy of learning from my own \\"tiger mom\\"), a child who grew up with a tiger mom, and a Chinese parent of two young \\"American\\" children, I want to provide a counter perspective to the key tenets of the \\"tiger mom\\" creed.  The 2 stars here refers to the soundness of the tiger mom parenting model, and not to the book's literary value, which I am not the least bit qualified to judge.)
1439196834|5.0|If you are a fan of the show you will love this book, if not you will love this book too and want to start watching the show \\"How I Met Your Mother.\\" Smart and witty.
1594202842|5.0|A fabulous memoir exploring the culture conflict between Chinese (but really, any immigrant family) and American parenting. The writing is light and often witty, but the subject is serious. How much do we push our children to become their best, and is anything less acceptable? If they are capable of being great, do we as parents have a duty make it happen?    This is by no means a parenting guide. From the start, it is set up so you know a train wreck is on the horizon. The righteous parent in us all will cheer, but there is so much more to the book than that moment.    I found it wonderfully complex, funny and enlightening. Ms. Chau's ability to poke fun at herself in retrospect makes her likeable, despite her actions. There were even several times I agreed with the Chinese Mom philosophy. I do think we, as a nation, underestimate how much our children can take and do them a disservice by not asking them to aim higher. My new favorite saying: It's not EXTRA credit! It's just CREDIT!    I'm going to have my sixth grader read it. As a pre-professional ballerina, she runs a similar schedule to the Chua's girls. It should make for an interesting discussion on self-determination.
B00003BDXG|5.0|I would like to first make a comment about the experience of having seen \\"NBK\\" in the theater at the time of its original release.  My taste in movies goes from animation, through romance and \\"chick flicks\\", intelligent comedies (an oxymoron?), to violent themes (with only the \\"Saw\\"-type genre being repellent to me).    For me, \\"NBK\\" was one of the most immersing experiences in the 50+ years I have gone to the movies, as I was kept so off balance emotionally from Oliver Stone's varied cinematic styles that I remember finding hard to \\"take a breath\\" during its entire run length.  This puts \\"NBK\\" in a very small group of \\"unrelenting\\" movies which had similarly affected me in the theater:  \\"Silence of the Lambs\\", \\"Straw Dogs\\", at least the second half of \\"The Deer Hunter\\", much of both \\"Sophie's Choice\\" and the original \\"Jaws\\", and (the phenomenal) \\"Godfather I\\" being the most memorable.      I have owned \\"NBK\\" on Laserdisc and several DVD versions, and have little doubt that the Blu Ray's improved audio codec will provide a superior experience.  Be sure to check out the court room scene with Ashley Judd.  While I can understand why Oliver Stone chose to cut it for the sake of his pacing, I feel that it is among the finest scenes to \\"hit the cutting room floor\\".    Having recommended \\"NBK\\" to many friends, with widely mixed reviews, I feel that its perspective remains fresh and (love it or hate it) continues to be an example of exemplary film making.  IMHO: the most recent film to create such unrelenting tension is the current \\"Black Swan\\" which, in many ways, recalls the best of the efforts of Brian De Palma and David Cronenberg.
B002ZG98J6|5.0|This was a great price over the black friday sales weekend. I was SO excited to get it because it was a christmas gift, and it was the least expensive place I found and received very quickly.
B000S5BUXI|5.0|Rarely do I love an album the first time I hear it.  This album is no exception.  What is rare is how long it took my feeling to plateau after listing to it over the last few years. There is so much depth it just keeps getting better.
B003YFIUW8|5.0|I decided to read this book after seeing a review in Elle magazine.  I recommend it to anyone who loves books like me.  I suggest reading the book description and staying away from reviews, as many contain spoilers.    The narrator of Room is 5 year old Jack, and it's hard at first to get used to his voice, but he brings you into his world and won't let go until the end of the book.
031603438X|4.0|This book surprised me on several levels. First, it appears that Mr. Richards actually wrote the thing, as evidenced by the casual writing style. Second, his candor was appreciated. Third, Mr. Richards seems to have an ability to explain musical concepts to even a neophyte like me. I'm just a casual Rolling Stones listener; I've never been to a show and never really knew much about Keith Richards until reading this. So yet another thing that surprised me is that when he was describing the crafting of specific songs, I could call them to mind immediately and sing the lyrics in my head. I don't think I realized until reading this book how pervasive this music really is. For the information about how music is made alone, this book is worth reading.     Keith Richards takes the reader through his life, as advertised, from growing up in Dartford to the present day. Along the way, he shatters some of the mythology that has grown up around the Rolling Stones, but shores up other stories. Mostly though, he provides a perspective on these events that I found to be extremely refreshing. Out of several celeb memoirs I've read, this is the one that most made me feel like I was getting an insider's view. When seeing stories in the media it's sometimes difficult to separate the celebrity figure from the actual human being; in this book Richards breaks down that wall. In my mind, he'd become a bit of a caricature of himself, but after reading this book I found that I really liked the guy. No doubt there was some whitewashing going on, but he was pretty blunt about his various past mistakes.    Overall, I gave the book 4 stars because I really enjoyed his laissez-faire writing style, and the insights into the making of some of the Stones records were really cool. The ending did start to lose the plot a bit and didn't seem to be well-edited, so the book sort of ran out of steam. That's really the only thing that kept it from 5 stars. It's definitely worth a read.
B0036EH3XE|3.0|I am a great fan of the Lost series and I would go so far as to say lost is one of the top five TV series to come out of the last decade, but that was until I saw the last season. Disappointing is one way to put it and let me tell you why, nothing is explained. I do not wish to spoil anything for you if you have not seen the last season however if you like me where hoping to finally get to know what the island is, what the numbers is, why there are Egyptian things all over the island, if you hoped to get an answer to any of the questions you have been sitting with during this six season series, then you are out of luck, they even introduces additional questions in the last season which is not explained either.<br /><br />Now I am not saying that everything in TV series and movies need to be nearly explained and served the watcher on a platter, however the main focus of Lost have always been mystery, the mystery of what is the island and why are the various paranormal things happening, and how is it all connected and when that is not answered in a series with this as a main focus then that is like watching a who done it crime movies and never being told who the murderer is. The characters of Lost get a decent ending to the various storylines about them, but they are never the focus of the show, the mystery is and they fall flat on that.<br /><br />Lost have kept it's viewers interest with promising that just beyond the next bend more of the mystery will be revealed, but when one get to that point new questions are presented instead of answers but with the promise of answers around the next bend again and so on thought the entire series, now this is a great way to make the series exiting and prompt people to keep watching but when that promised explanation never comes at the end as expected, then I at least just felt cheated.<br /><br />Now not all is bad about Lost Season 6, many of the episodes are very exiting, the character interactions is great as always due to the mix of good actors and amazing characters. The last season is more action packed than most of the series and will at time keep you at the edge of your seat. I enjoyed watching this season very much, it is just that for me the sloppy, disappointing ending marred the whole thing, and in turn marred the entire series. I do not know what the creators of the series was thinking when they decided to do things this way.<br /><br />If you are a fan of Lost I do recommend this set as there is so many good episodes, however I would recommend that you just do not watch the last episode and make up your own ending anything you yourself can come up with will be better than the actual train wreck of an ending this show gets.nd amazing characters. The last season is more action packed than most of the series and will at time keep you at the edge of your seat. I enjoyed watching this season very much, it is just that for me the sloppy, disappointing ending marred the whole thing, and in turn marred the entire series. I do not know what the creators of the series was thinking when they decided to do things this way.    If you are a fan of Lost I do recommend this set as there is so many good episodes, however I would recommend that you just do not watch the last episode and make up your own ending anything you yourself can come up with will be better than the actual train wreck of an ending this show gets.
031603438X|5.0|This is not your usual account of a rock icon's life of sex, drugs, and rock and roll. Richards actually writes a lot about the Stones' music and how he created the instrumental work on such seminal tunes as Jumping Jack Flash. He does tell all, but not in a snarky, voyeuristic manner. Here's the real story about his years of drug abuse and the prison he built for himself, what really happened among him, Brian Jones (the ODed original lead guitarist) and Jones' old lady Anita Pallenberg. He does use the word \\"bitch\\" repeatedly but generally saves it for the kind of women who deserve it. He never refers to his wife that way
1439107955|5.0|I just finished reading The Emporer of all Maladies:  A Biography of Cancer by Siddhartha Mukherjee and I am so grateful for his great efforts in producing this extraordinary amount of information.  He wrote this novel for ther understanding of everyone, regardless of education or medical experience.  I have so much more knowledge of cancer and the possibilties of future treatments, but I also felt a sense of serious caring about cancer patients and treatments from the author.  Siddhartha Mukherjee has done a fabulous job with this book and I recommend it to any and everyone!  5 out of 5 stars from me.
B000BSLU2S|5.0|For people who don't listen to Arctic Silver's suggestion on the application of this stuff, they are not getting full functionality! I was using Cooler Master's thermal compound before this and I have dropped idling temps 4-5 degrees(C). I also applied this to my GPU and had the same result of 4-5 degrees(C) lower in idle temps. I usually don't write reviews but feel compelled to with this product.<br /><br />Make sure you actually follow the instructions Arctic Silver has on their website for your processor! It works!
B000TU16GS|3.0|A friend recommended this one.  As other reviewers have said, it has a James Bond feel.  This was a quick, enjoyable read.  The story-line moved along quickly, and it kept my interest.  This is in the tradition of Matt Helm or James Bond.
B00428CPUY|4.0|Clapton is a master at \\"blues-bassed\\" rock, and he has been my guitar hero for years. However, when inspired, I still listen to other pioneers in the craft such as Django Reinhardt, Charlie Christian (with the Benny Goodman orchestra of the 1930's} and others from that Era. There's no \\"comparing...\\" it's apples and oranges...everyone has their own style of playing solos, and I say, \\"hooray!\\" What a great sample of talent we are treated to! They all resepct each other completely--they've all learnd from one another over the years--so it's all good! Just my thoughts, thank you...John
B003NFM3JK|3.0|I bought this movie for my 2 boys for Xmas thinking it was going to be nice for them to watch a Xmas movie but I was very dissappointed with this movie. The special effects are wonderful as in most movies but my children did not like this movie at all. They are 7 and 8 years old and they felt it was very scary and could not understand well the movie.    I had to explain to them the movie since the movie is about Scrooge's past life. They couldn't get it why he was old first and then he was a little boy and what was going on. The ghost part was the part they did not like at all but I guess that depends on each child. Some children probably wouldn't get scared with ghosts but mine did.    If your child is ok about ghosts, I do recommend it but I think it is a little difficult for children to understand. There is not much adventure in the movie. My children liked much more \\"The Polar Express\\" than this one.
B000002MUN|5.0|Wildflowers is easily one of my 10 favorite albums.  After Wildflowers I was no longer just a fan of Tom Petty but instead realized he is one of my heroes.  Tom lives the life I would if I were a rock star, and his songwriting (with Mike Campbell) never waivers.  Like Abbey Road, OK Computer, and Midnight Marauders I wander away from Wildflowers for several months only to come back and appreciate it even more than I did before.    While there are a couple songs I rarely listen to the album is pretty much a start-to-finish listen.  The title track, with its simplistic yet beautiful bridge gets better and better with time, and quite simply calms the nerves...    \\"Higher Place\\" never fails to cheer me up and is an incredible song to crank up on the road.  And while not a particularly deep song lyrically, it does offer one of my favorite lines - \\"well I fooled myself and I don't know why, I thought we could ride this out\\" (who can't relate to that?!)    \\"House in the Woods\\" is a masterfully crafted work of music with interwoven melodies and one of my all-time favorite songs, indeed reminding me of my childhood and my family's house in the woods in northern Michigan.  You can really feel the creative push of Rick Rubin behind the building instrumental finish.     Note I have not even mentioned any of the three singles (\\"You Don't Know How it Feels\\", \\"You Wreck Me\\" and \\"It's Good to be King\\") all of which are great pop songs you probably already know.  \\"Time to Move On\\" perfectly captures periods of my life when I was on the fence about a life-changing decision (a relationship, a move across the country, etc).    \\"To Find a Friend\\" is a very catchy tune with clever, fun lyrics.  I was 18 when this album came out and \\"Wake Up Time\\" was especially moving as I prepared to get serious about being an adult.      Wildflowers tells fun stories, speaks of love, shares nostalgia, and indeed makes you think.  I have probably listened to this album a few hundred times by now and amsure I will always not only enjoy it, but really cherish it.  This is essentially a Heartbreakers album (nearly all of them were a part of it) but one could consider this a more laid-back, introspective Tom Petty & the Heartbreakers piece of art.
B00406UK7S|3.0|[brief review:  the time is 117 A.D.  The place is north Britain, near the boundary of present day Britain and Scotland.  The natives to the north, the Picts, are wrecking havoc on the border and the Romans are having difficulty maintain their power on the border.<br /><br />A Roman general is captured by the Picts.  One of his leutinents then stages a raid on the Pict camp to free the general.  They are unable to free him, and during that time kill several Picts, including the son of the Pict leader.<br /><br />The Pict people vow revenge and the leutinent and several of his soldiers try to escape the camp and survive with hopes of meeting  back with the Roman legion on the west territory.]<br /><br />first, I'm a big fan of the director, Neil Marshall, who also made \\"The Descent\\", \\"Dog Soldiers\\", and \\"Doomsday\\".  Characteristic of his films (including \\"Centurion\\") is violence, which is always well-shot.  Also characteristic of his films is great cinematography, which \\"Centurion\\" is probably the best example of.<br /><br />The plot of this film is straight-forward tale of revenge (by one party) and survival (by another party), set in a historical back-drop.  This was a fun film to watch, but I would recommend you also watch the three aforementioned films he has previously done to fully appreciate this director.
B00006LI4S|5.0|Again this is Mr. Gilmour at his best!  The intimate atmosphere of the concert is a pleasant change from larger concert videos, such as Pulse...it really draws you in and make you feel like you're right there.     I don't understand why other's reviews were negative simply because David played his acoustic quite a bit!  David Gilmour could play a shoebox with a rubber band around it and it would be amazing!  I guess if you want to hear the Pink Floyd songs identical to how they were recorded 30+ years ago you should listen to the CD, but if you like a fresh creative twist then you won't be offended by this DVD.  Seriously....just because he isn't belting the Comfortably Numb solo through a bunch of 100w amps doesn't change the brilliance of the song.    Just my opinion.
B003L16FAE|2.0|I am a big fan of the original Predator movie and I can't even express how dissapointe I am by this release.    I won't be wasting much of your time. The video transfer is simply horrible. This can't be called remastering and Fox doesn't have a valid excuse for this unless they allowed some rookie to work on the movie using some average video editing tool. The 2008 version has some grain to it and lots of grain during the dark shots, but at least it preserved the details and that are very important in order to maintain (and this is what bothered me the most) the atmosphere and tension of the showdown between Dutch and the Predator. While some of the daylight scenes MAY look better (but more CGI in my opinion) compared to the previous release, contrast has been really messed up for the night shots and by removing the grain through a shockingly noticeable noise reduction filter, almost every background detail that added to the creepyness of the final fight is gone! Even the DVD versions feature more details than this one during these shot, which is totally unexcusable.    The sound MAY be a bit improved when it comes to dynamics, but unless you own a really expensive, high-fidelity surroun sound system, you won't be able to notice the minor improvements.  Bottom line - not even worth a rental, not to mention buying.    If you already own the previous version, don't make the mistake I made and stick to that one. It may not be a perfect transfer, but it's much more sharper and at least it doesn't spoil any key moments by lacking important details and shadows. This Hunter Edition is a total waste and we can only hope that Fox will release a proper restauration of the movie in the following years. I just hope that the new generation won't be buying this one for their first view of this great movie.
B0015DYIH2|5.0|I felt pulled in and captivated by the story line, I was so excited to read this book and disappointed when I reached the end and I couldnt keep reading!!
B001KVZ6LQ|4.0|I really love this movie: direction, editing, score, special effects, stop motion animation, photography and so on...However, I noticed some scenes with a lot of grain (e.g. foggy scenes on boat). Aside from this, Blu-ray transfer is just perfect!!. All documentaries included and BD_Book itself worth the money. If you're a fan of \\"Kong\\" and Merian C. Cooper extravaganzas, do not hesitate to buy this BD.
B00001QEE8|5.0|I bought the Jungle book for a 2 1/2 year old child. Even at this age she became totally engaged in the story and every time the elephants started marching, she got up from her comfortable chair to march with great energy and happiness around the dining room table. She was totally absorbed by the wonderful animation and the catching music and singing. The Jungle Book has always been one of my favourite books and certainly the Disney's animated production does it justice.
1439177783|5.0|This is a beautiful story of one woman's struggle, not just with eating disorder, but with self-acceptance and the ability to love and be loved. Powerful and inspiring, a real page turner, but not just another story about some hollywood success who struggled with her weight. Portia de Rossi is not just a good actress, Portia de Rossi is a real writer (and she wrote this herself, no ghost writer involved) - she has a lyrical and poetic voice that's right up there with the finest authors of our time, yet she is still completely accessible. She is honest and the story is gut-wrenching at times, but always compelling and always true.    I could have easily gulped this book down in one bite (read it in one sitting), but I savored it one chapter at a time - and it was worth it. I read it a second time as soon as I finished the first... amazing story, exquisite writing, unbelievably inspiring. Her spirit is even more beautiful than her body, and that's saying something...    Enjoy - one of the best books I have ever read!
0786838655|1.0|I don't even know how to review this book. My son loves the story but the book is a mess. The page numbering skips from page 216 to 187 twice. The pages are out of sequence. The table of contents does not match the titles of chapters within the book. There are two chapter 14s and no chapter 16. What is going on?? I have NEVER had this problem from a mass-produced paperback. My son is very upset because now he is half-way through a great story and isn't sure his book is in the right order or has all of the original chapters. Very sloppy and disappointing.
0061537934|5.0|This was one of the rare books I couldn't put down. I was ablwe to get through it in a few days and I also ended up ordering it for a friend afterward. Some parts of it were slow and dragged on but overall I recommend this book. It had a good mix of many emotions throughout which I liked the variety of ups and downs. I was glad the book ended up with an up. It was hard to tell sometimes how things would turn out for the dog and his family so that kept me reading to find out.
B0025UHKNS|4.0|Overall I like my Garmin 405cx. I've had it for just about a year.    Pros:  ANT+ is fantastic, no more interference from other monitors! I also like the display on the unit and how configurable it is. It's somewhat smaller than other GPS units and I can use it for running or cycling. It has more features for the runner than the cyclist, but overall it still has what I need. I get about 6 hours of logging with the GPS turned on - not bad. They should make more mention of Garmin Connect, the place where your workouts are tracked. It's a great way to see what you've done and also check out what others are doing. I found several new places that I didn't know about. And it's really cool when it can export your data and you can do flybys of it in Google Earth! I have a heartrate monitor and cadence sensor sending data to it. No issues at all.    Cons:  The touch bezel was a novel concept, but it needs work. Sometimes it's super sensitive, other times I circle the entire bezel twice before I can get anything to advance. By pushing both buttons on the side you can activate a locking feature so the bezel is inactive, but I frequently bump the bezel when trying to get it locked - this can be maddening when you're trying to concentrate on your workout instead of fiddling with what's on your wrist. The GPS is also pretty slow when you first turn it on, I frequently wait about 3 minutes for it to get a lock. That doesn't sound like a long time until you're standing at the end of the block waiting to start your workout.    The other point of frustration is the Garmin ANT Agent software that you use to get your workouts off your Forerunner. The software is awful. I am using it on a Mac and every time I put my computer to sleep, the Agent cannot see the dongle when it wakes up so I have to unplug and then plug it back in again. Also after about two weeks of sitting in the dock the agent eats up over a gigabyte of memory. No, that is not a typo. Sure - I can stop and start the agent but why should I have to? I'm hoping the Windows folks don't have these issues. Thankfully once your workouts are on Garmin Connect, it's pretty awesome.    There are now several places that carry this unit in store, my advice is to go and see if the bezel is right for you before you buy.
B001GCUO5M|4.0|I saw this film at the theater and liked it so much I purchased it.  It's good the second time around as you know the ending and catch things you might have missed the first time around.  Definitely worth seeing.  Nice twist, suspenseful, good story.
B004289ZW0|5.0|I bought the 5870 MFI GPS Bluetooth Receiver online and was told to expect shipping in over two weeks, I got it the following day in Florida!!!  All the way from Germany.  Two days later the unit could not power up!  I sent an email to the manufacturer and got an immediate response telling how to reset the unit.    If you look on the side of the unit, there is a small pinhole.  Using a paper clip, push in (and hold for a couple seconds)to reset the unit.    It's back up and running!  So far so good!!!    I've used it in a private aircraft with AirNav Pro and it works well except for some reason I didn't get any groundspeed readout.  Used it on another program IGIS for IPAD and got a speed readout, maybe its the program, maybe not, time will tell I guess.    Highly recommend it!  Best of all, I didn't have to Jailbreak the IPAD or the IPOD Touch    I would give it 6 STARS if I could.
0920668372|4.0|This book is the sweetest thing.  I absolutely adore it. Its a great story to share with children and makes an awesome bedtime story.
B003EV6DBM|5.0|American television edits for time and commercial space. There is more to every story than we've seen in the US! Also, some extra scenes, etc. It's great!
B0034G4P7Q|5.0|I love this movie. The soundtrack is excellent too. Really fast pace and easy to watch. Inspiring. This movie is not about Facebook. It's about broken friendships, trust, greed, money, jealousy... Social Network is the behind the scenes of Facebook!!!
B002GJT4XM|5.0|This product is amazing for an avid Harry Potter fan.  I must say that if you do already own the first movie and are not interested in bonus features etc. you will be dissapointed. But I only owned the regular version of the first movie (no bonus items) and I LOVE the ultimate edition.  THe documentary disc is so interesting and you here from everyone both behind and on the screen.  Also, it talks in depth about the audition process associated with what is attributed to be the most sucesful film franchise ever! A great addition to ANY Harry Potter collection!
B004AKCMD4|5.0|I loved the animation, visual effects. Story is so captivating! I have only few minuses for the movie, I personally disliked. I do not encourage any bad feedbacks, because it's my personal taste. And the movie is great, therefore, I encourage you to watch it!  I CAN NOT WAIT FOR THE NEXT PART! I want to see next chapters of the movie. It was so good.  Small things I disliked are: the accent. To me it sounded British. It reminded me of the''Narnia Chronicles'' movies that weren't that good. Personal opinion, not a terrible thing. And behavior of the owls. It seems so like a men behavior, even the way they talk. The main character is way to trusting and too kind. Of course it is done on purpose to depict difference, evil and good brother, but he is way too trusting and it seems a little too silly. I wish it was more of something else. The song by ''Owl City'', could be changed on something else, less known and much greater. By far so many know of ''Owl City'' and it could be changed on greater undiscovered or less known songs.   And as I mentioned above, I LOOK FORWARD FOR THE NEXT MOVIES 8P
B000AGTPUU|5.0|My 5 year old boy LOVES THIS MOVIE every year around Xmas time.  Good quality and wonderful story FOR ALL AGES!
B002K0WBYG|5.0|This is a comedy of the year! I watched it twice. it's so funny. Ryan And Sandra were so good together. There is many hilarious scenes and a good story line. The movie is just a must! Get it on blue-ray and watch it!
0670021652|5.0|I love this auther and loved her other book Eat,Pray,Love...this book was her continuation from that book.  Great book and writing like Eat, Pray and Love!   Hence, the movie.......
B000YABIQ6|5.0|Consistent, Real, Simple and Complex. Mad Men is the prove that good things still can be done in the new century.
B00275EHJG|5.0|Its a awesome movie.. i bought it for my year old grand-baby and literally she loves and watches this movie over and over again.. i can say i love it too..
030746363X|4.0|No, it won't make a heroic athlete out of you (the author explicitly says so in the first few chapters) and yes, some of the statements are gimmicky and smell a bit of marketing weasel-speak (15-minute orgasm, for example... not so much). The author does invite the reader to bring skepticism while reading the book. And I'll admit that the slow-carb diet does sound like the Paleo diet (someone even mentioned it sounds similar to the Atkins diet) but we're starting it ourselves and intend to see it through for some real results.     I have some interest in health/fitness but no education on it. I found the science and techniques (especially his experience with reversing injuries) fascinating. I'm eager to research the topics further.    Like some others have said, if you already know a lot about health and fitness you probably already know most of the material in the book. But this book wasn't written for you. It was written for everyone else; for those who don't have the training & fitness knowledge (or much time) and just want results in the minimal amount of time.
B00005JKDR|5.0|Gr8 Movie my year old grand-baby loves it.. i got it for her for xmas and she watches it nonstop..
B00192IV9U|5.0|I've been a fan of MJ since I was a kid. This album was much more solid than Invincible, in my opinion. It IS MICHAEL JACKSON himself. I've listen to MJ enough to recognize that it is his voice. Here are my rating for the songs    1. Hold my hand (duet with Akon) 10/10.               Its a nice ballad- It could be a little better with more MJ voice in it)  2. Hollywood Tonight 8/10.             It has a nice catch to it. Good song  3. Keep Your Head Up. 8/10             Nice Ballad  4. (I like) The Way You Love Me. 6/10            This one was okay for me. Not the strongest song in the album.  5. Monster (Featuring 50 Cent). 10/10            What can be better with 50 Cent and MJ.  I find myself listening to this over and over again. One of my favorite song on the             album.  6.Best of Joy. 9/10           good Ballad.   7.Breaking News. 10/10           This song was leak sometime in November. I saw it on Youtube and can't stop listening to it.  8. (I can't Make It) Another Day (Featuring Lenny Kravitz)           A great song and Lenny Kravitz puts nice touch to the song. Another favorite song of mine  9. Behind The Mask 10/10           He certainly sounds young on this album - must be during the Thriller era. Fantastic song and vocal. Another favorite of mine  10. Much Too Soon. 10/10           Great ballad to end the album. I find myself listening over and over. This song remind of \\"She's out of my life\\" from            Off The Wall album. He sounds young on this one- It must have been recorded during Off The Wall era or Thriller.    Overall a FANTASTIC albums for the MJ songs.  You will not be disappointed.
0765326353|5.0|With Sanderson bringing the epic Wheel of Time series to a close and some of the other series that I've tried (Gookind, ugh) failing to catch my interest, I've been looking forward to a new series to get invested in.    Sanderson says that Jordan is one of his major influences as a write and it does show.  This first book of what Sanderson plans to be a 10 book series creates a rich world and introduces the reader to a thankfully manageable set of interesting characters.    There are plenty of other reviews that go into detail about the story, so I won't waste time repeating all that.  Suffice it to say that I greatly enjoyed this opening book.  If Sanderson has truly learned from Jordan and can keep the writing as tight as he has for the two Wheel of Time books he's written so far, this has the promise to be a worthy addition to realm of epic fantasy.
1400052173|5.0|I always thought I should have gone into medicine or biology, so this review comes from someone who is enthralled by the inner workings of the human body and its cells.  I learned an incredible amount about HeLa cells and their ground-breaking place in our medical soceity; yet, I also learned about the people behind this ground-breaking science, especially the human being who unknowingly opened the doors for some of the world's largest medical breakthroughs.  The raw, grittiness of the Lacks family and the history surrounding medicine in this country was astounding to me.  There are so many things the average human does not know.  I found myself appalled at the lack of medical oversight and patient protection that has only fairly recently (in historical terms) been put into place.  This book brings science to the human level, to the core of what it means to be lied to, lost, and uneducated.  It also shows the race relations in America in the 1950s which were worse than my generation understands.  It causes the reader to analyze the ethics and the lengths to which scientists (and humanity) will go in the name of science, discovery, finding a cure, and most of all profit.  Despite many medical terms, the author made me feel as if I was reading a novel, and I found myself rooting for Henrietta and her family even after she had passed.  I have already recommended this book to several friends.  It's a fascinating, eye-opening read!
B002MQYOFW|5.0|My sister told me about it on a car ride so I decided to check it out, so I bought and had origonaly just wanted to read a bit of it to see what it was about and 6 days later, I finish the set.  Exciting and highly recommended.  Pass the word when you finish as was done for me!
B000059HB7|5.0|There are few times when a movie captures all the essential elements of a great picture.  This is one of those times.  The greatest of movie stars, John Wayne, at his very best.  A beautiful Angie Dickenson.  The coolest of the cool Dean Martin and a young up and comer Ricky Nelson.  A terrific story of honor, duty, courage, redemption and loyalty.  Humor, fun and even a couple of good songs.  To sum it up, a great western.  If you like John Wayne, this is him at his best.  Can't recommend it highly enough.
B001IBIHQ4|5.0|I bought this video for my husband for Christmas. He was a fan of Band of Brothers and he had wanted to see this, but we don't get HBO. I really had no intention of watching this, but we sat down over New Years weekend and watched it from beginning to end. What a great program. Something for everyone. There is a great plot not just war scenes. The battle scenes were intense but probably as close as you can get to actually being there. Love it. We will watch it again and again for sure!
0312600844|4.0|I thought I'd write a brief review.  Let me start by saying that I loved this book right up until the end.    Throughout the book I was thinking these characters do stupid things like real people do. They don't always DO what real people would - but it was refreshing. And very well written.    I enjoyed the \\"reality\\" (mixed with interesting drama)... but in the end, the author opted for a thoroughly unsatisfying ending that did not seem to be in line with what the hundreds of pages leading to the end would have you expect.    In the end, I feel cheated - as if the ending were constructed by hollywood producers in advance of the inevitable movie adaptation.
B003V4AK8E|2.0|Looking for a good ergonomic controller for the PS3 reminiscent of the 360, I'd purchased one of these from Gamestop (Red, blue lights), got home, only to find the USB adaptor not syncing with the controller. After searching online for a solution, it appeared nobody else had this problem. I took it back, and got a replacement (black, red lights). The controller feels really nice in the hands, the 360 thumbstick layout is great for shooters, the triggers felt like a blend between the original PS3 controller's triggers and the 360 controller, they were a bit too wide for my tastes. They come with lit buttons, which can be toggled on and off using Select and Square (I think is the combo). The \\"teeth\\" along the sides are not too sharp, though do feel a bit rough. The thumbsticks have huge deadzones, and it's difficult to use them to make micro-adjustments. The controller also requires the usb adaptor, so it's not possible to turn on the console using the home button. You cannot \\"turn off controller\\" using this controller, so if you wanted to switch to another one, you will be required to restart the PS3 system. I'm not sure if the second model I had was defective or not, but the X button began to stick, and the controller had difficulties connecting to the adaptor at 10 feet away, becoming unsynced every couple of seconds. Quite frustrating if you're an action gamer.    PROS:  Nice, ergonomic design  Lit buttons look nice  Thumbstick placement is ideal for shooters/action games  Triggers have been improved    CONS:  Frequent connection issues  HUGE Deadzones  Inability to turn on console  Inability to switch controllers
B004BLJQOK|4.0|Let Me In (Matt Reeves, 2010)<br /><br />While Let Me In didn't garner anywhere near the critical or popular success I thought it would when it came out late last year, the months between its release and the end of 2010 seem to have allowed it to simmer beneath a lot of surfaces, and over the past few weeks I've started hearing Oscar buzz about it, along with the refrain \\"better than the original.\\" I certainly wouldn't go that far--the original, Let the Right One In, was hands-down the best film of 2008, whereas Let Me In has a great deal of competition for that spot. And yet there is a great deal to like here, and while I did find myself picking it apart in a number of places, I can't deny it's one of the best horror films to come out of the Hollywood machine in the past decade, a feat which is even more impressive given how horribly Hollywood tends to treat its remakes.<br /><br />Plot, in case you missed the original (go see it now, I'll wait) and didn't read the book (which you should also do at your earliest convenience): Owen (The Road's Kodi Smit-McPhee) is a bullied twelve-year-old with delusions of grandeur, parents going through a divorce, and very little hope of anything interesting happening in his life. Until, that is, Abby ((500) Days of Summer's Chloe Moretz) moves in next door with her odd guardian (The Visitor's Richard Jenkins). The two of them begin a hesitant relationship, though Abby warns Owen away repeatedly; still, she seems desperate for human contact, and Owen's passivity draws her; she offers him advice on how to deal with the school's idiot bullies. Meanwhile, a serial killer gears up in the area. You don't have to be a genius to know what's coming, especially since everyone and their mothers has already spoiled it for you, including the film's tagline: Abby is a vampire, and everyone knows it except Owen.<br /><br />High point: Reeves (Cloverfield), working with John Ajvide Lindqvist on this adaptation, stuck a lot closer to the book than did Let the Right One In (which, interestingly, Lindqvist also wrote the adaptation for); within the first five minutes, you understand Owen is a pretty deeply disturbed individual, whereas in the original film he's pretty much the quintessential nice guy who's guaranteed to finish last. Low point: there's still a lot of deviation from the source material, and some of it comes off quite odd. It's obvious they were planning on including a lot more of the book, but veered off at the last minute. (Why is Owen's father even in this movie? And while it's obvious on one level what Abby means when she says \\"I'm not a girl\\", there's a scene about two-thirds of the way through the film with a photograph that tells me that Reeves and Lindqvist were salivating to include the book's huge, huge plot twist in that regard... which then disappears, never to be seen again.)<br /><br />High point: Smit-McPhee and Moretz are very good actors, probably as good as Kare Hedebrant and Lina Leanderson (Oskar and Eli in the original). Low point: everyone else in the movie either comes off as cardboard (Cara Buono, playing Owen's mother, is a prime example, or the bullies) or doesn't get nearly enough screen time to really let their talents come forth (Jenkins, or Elias Koteas as the investigating officer).<br /><br />High point: whereas the original film focused almost solely on the romance angle (it would be really, really tough to even call Let the Right One In a horror film were it not for the \\"what happens if I don't invite you in?\\" scene... oh, more on that next paragraph), Let Me In definitely wants to play in horror movie territory, and it does it passably well--though this is a horror film in the vein of such recent faves of mine as Shallow Ground and Deadbirds, where if you come expecting ultragore, you're bound to be disappointed. Low point: a lot of what's missing from the book is the themes and scenes that really drive the horror angle home. Most notably absent is Abby's/Eli'ssociopathy; it's never less than obvious in the book that all she really needs Owen/Oskar for is as a replacement handler. She wants to break through that wall inside her that keeps her from having friends (and lovers, one assumes; the pedophilia aspect of the book is touched on here, but only barely, in one brief scene, and you probably wouldn't even notice it had you not read the book), but she's incapable of doing so. Here, Abby seems... well, a more normal, well-adjusted kid than Owen, which is odd when you consider the fact that Abby is a couple of centuries older than you are. Also missing are the neighbor who owns the basement room (and whose mother, in the novel, is having a burgeoning relationship with the Elias Koteas character), the barflies who provide a major subplot (though the main pair are kind of remade here as a yuppie couple), and, as noted above, Owen's dad, who is mentioned once briefly, then appears in a phone conversation, and... that's it. And I'm just scratching the surface.<br /><br />High point: what gore there is in this movie is really nicely done. (The goriest scene in the film is, ironically, also its funniest; Richard Jenkins knows comic timing.) Low point: if you're going to blow one of the gore scenes, the one to blow is not the iconic \\"what happens if I don't invite you in?\\" scene. Oh, god, what a letdown. If you have seen this, see the original if only for that scene, if you haven't, to show how effective a minimal special effects budget can still be.<br /><br />So yeah, not as good as the original film, which was as good as (though a different beast than) the novel on which both are based. But still, in most cases the good outweighs the bad here, and if you compare it to the other horror movies that came out in 2010--at least those I've seen--it stands head and shoulders above the crowd. Worth your time. *** ½us in the book that all she really needs Owen/Oskar for is as a replacement handler. She wants to break through that wall inside her that keeps her from having friends (and lovers, one assumes; the pedophilia aspect of the book is touched on here, but only barely, in one brief scene, and you probably wouldn't even notice it had you not read the book), but she's incapable of doing so. Here, Abby seems... well, a more normal, well-adjusted kid than Owen, which is odd when you consider the fact that Abby is a couple of centuries older than you are. Also missing are the neighbor who owns the basement room (and whose mother, in the novel, is having a burgeoning relationship with the Elias Koteas character), the barflies who provide a major subplot (though the main pair are kind of remade here as a yuppie couple), and, as noted above, Owen's dad, who is mentioned once briefly, then appears in a phone conversation, and... that's it. And I'm just scratching the surface.    High point: what gore there is in this movie is really nicely done. (The goriest scene in the film is, ironically, also its funniest; Richard Jenkins knows comic timing.) Low point: if you're going to blow one of the gore scenes, the one to blow is not the iconic \\"what happens if I don't invite you in?\\" scene. Oh, god, what a letdown. If you have seen this, see the original if only for that scene, if you haven't, to show how effective a minimal special effects budget can still be.    So yeah, not as good as the original film, which was as good as (though a different beast than) the novel on which both are based. But still, in most cases the good outweighs the bad here, and if you compare it to the other horror movies that came out in 2010--at least those I've seen--it stands head and shoulders above the crowd. Worth your time. *** ½
B0042EJD8A|5.0|We were sent a lease option on our family farm in the rural part of upper Michigan.  Gasland is a real eye opener.  It should be a requirement to see this film BEFORE anyone signs a oil or gas lease.  We received a lot of information about the good things that oil leases can do for the land owners and the money it brings to the community. The film Gasland gives you the other side.  Just think about the \\"what ifs\\".  Like \\"what if\\" something happened to the water so we could not water our 500,000 Christmas trees.  What if the beautiful Clam River had toxic chemicals from drilling in it so we would not dare swim in it.  What if there was not the quality of wild life on our plantation.  Does the \\"what if\\" of everyone in the family becomming a millionaire balance out the possible distruction?
B0040JHXTI|5.0|I purchased this set for my boyfriend for Christmas and he was absolutely thrilled. It's a gift he will treasure for a long time to come. The price I paid was the cheapest I have seen anywhere. Thank you Amazon for making my purchase so easy.
B000007XUQ|5.0|This is an awesome collection of Christmas songs by the Carpenters.  I have listened to it and enjoyed it over and over during this holiday season.  Anyone who was/is a fan of the Carpenters should have this.  It is great!
0439023491|5.0|As if \\"Hunger Games\\" did not create enough fire, this second book of the trilogy catches fire in Chapter One, and burns fiercely throughout. The author meticulously weaves elements from the first book throughout, missing nothing. The twists keep your eyes cemented to the page. This is a 'don't miss it', must read. And it extends well beyond the interest level of young adults.
B002UD56I6|5.0|Wonderful view of the master at work, the true natural talent that he was.  Unforgettable and remember able.  For those who are true fans of Michael Jackson and for those who were to young, a must have to see him perform.
B00004Y87O|4.0|If you like action, this is your movie. Kurt Russell as Snake Plissken (said to be the character Solid Snake from the Metal Gear video game series was named after).     Don't want to get too much into the plot but any movie where someone is armed with a mac-10 (might be an uzi) with an extended barrel and a scope has got to be a good action movie, and it is.
B001E45XT4|4.0|I was taking a webx course and needed a headset that would block out noise and let me talk.  The first thing you notice about these are the size they are really big, but they fit nicley on my head.  I did like the fact that the microphone wand folded up into the headband, it was ocasionally nice to put it away if you didn't need it.  The headphones did an ok job of blocking out some noises, but you could hear someone speaking by you.
0756405890|5.0|I am guilty of NOT being a fantasy reader. I am an avid fan of techno-thrillers and political thrillers. With that said, I consider myself lucky, glad, and privileged to have picked up, read, and re-read over-n-over again Patrick Rothfuss' \\"The Name of the Wind\\".  I can't even begin to explain how wonderful this book is.    The fluidity of the storyline was elegant. The plot, absolutely alluring. And above all, the writing... sigh... i can't think of a good enough word/adjective to explain how beautifully written this was.  So much so that after reading this book, I couldn't read anything else, just because nothing could move me the way Rothfuss had moved me by his storytelling of the life of Kvothe/Kote. And I have a lot of books in my collection that i haven't read yet, but now... everything seems dull and lifeless compared to this.      Sincerely, I thank you Patrick Rothfuss for showing me how a story of a forlorn character can be told in such a beautiful way.    For everyone else, I highly recommend you read this book... regardless of what genre you are into.
B0015DROBO|5.0|Loved the book, I thought the first chapter was a bit hard to understand exactly what was going on but once I got a few chapters in I was totally hooked.  I've recommended the book to so many fellow readers and many have loved it as well.  The book has a great flow.  While there are some parts that are graphic and disturbing the book has so much reality to it that so many people ignore these days.
B004APVI1G|5.0|The graphics on this were so beautiful.  It was a joy to watch for all ages! We hope they continue on with the next part of the story!
0792839749|5.0|My brother and I would watch this movie every year around the holidays when we were little. I searched high and low to find this movie, its a bit difficult to find - however, Amazon came through!! So, I purchased two, one for my brother for Christmas and the other for me.     This is a classic movie. Elements of love, espianoge, kidnapping, inventions, greed, and a happy ending all make for a wonderful, lovable, and imagination filled movie. See it with your kids...or all by yourself and let a flying car transport you to a fantasy world for a few hours. Its worth the ride!
B001AQO400|3.0|First off, I saw a ton of reviews on here remarking on how they had to watch 10 minutes of previews and couldn't fast forward through it.  I watch blu-rays on my PS3 and had no problem skipping through the trailers so I'm not sure where those complaints are coming from.  The movie itself is great, it's by far one of my favorites.  As for the blu-ray vs. dvd, I must have watched the dvd atleast 30 times.  I've been over every inch of it.  When I got the blu-ray I went directly to the extras and was immediately disappointed with the complete lack of anything new (aside from a trailer for Sofia C. new movie).  The picture quality is a little more defined but not where I wanted it to be.  Most of the film is shot in poorly lit rooms and results in some pixilation in the dark parts.  Overall, sad to say, I'd say stick with the dvd.
B002MQYOFW|5.0|This book is about a girl named Katniss as she struggles in a battlezone, where she must face her worst nightmares. This book was full o thrills and chills, and i look forward to reading it again.
B0042U94UQ|5.0|My wife and I are in our 70's and our grandchildren we purchased the DVD's for are 3, 4, and 7.  We all enjoyed this movie.  It truly is \\"Good for all ages\\".
B000Y7U98W|5.0|This information was posted on the website, bluray.com.  I called the number and went thru the exchange process all within 6 minutes or so.  Hope this helps those of you who have experienced difficulties with this particular title from 20th Century Fox.    Sunshine Blu-ray Exchange Program     Posted January 13, 2011 04:20 AM     Blu-ray enthusiasts have been reporting playback issues with the Blu-ray release of Sunshine. Now, 20th Century Fox Home Entertainment has come through and made available replacement Blu-ray discs for any consumer that has had an issue playing their copy of Sunshine. Consumers should contact Fox customer service at 888-223-4369, where their name and address will be taken down for a replacement disc.     The issue was that the BD's picture-in-picture track turned itself on and couldn't be switched off, which made impossible to watch the movie itself. Several players were affected, including the PS3 (after a recent firmware update).
B0034G4P7Q|4.0|The Social Network as a movie is excellent.  I don't know how much truth is in it, and I don't know that we'll ever fully know, but this is a movie.  If you look at it as a movie and not as \\"this is, without a doubt, how Facebook happened\\", it was exactly what a movie should be - entertaining.  I would definitely recommend this to anyone that hasn't seen it, whether you are a Facebook user or not.    The downfall to this bluray is not anything to do with the movie or its transfer to bluray (which was very good by the way), but the packaging itself.  It is only a 2 disc set, so it's not as if any \\"fancy\\" packaging was needed - a standard two disc bluray case would have worked. Instead, they used a case that is slightly thicker than a normal bluray. It is basically a foldout 2-disc holder that slips into a black sleeve - kind of like you see on some of the cheaply-packaged TV series.  A description of the movie, credits, and special features listing can be found on the second \\"sleeve\\" that folds over the top of the black sleeve, but easily falls off. Don't expect friends/family to pick it up and be able to read what it's about.
B000089Q9D|1.0|This could have been a heartening, romantic-but-realistic memoir conveying the magic of small town life in the 1940s, growing up, etc.  Some of this was achieved.  But why does something in Italian culture insist that men are 'just boys' and must always be forgiven and humoured for their dirty jokes, their ogling, their public masturbation, and their use of prostitutes?  The women in this film are passive, or at least without function.  I switched it off about 2/3 of the way through. It was conveying nothing one might wish the human race to live up to. Despite its popularity and the critical acclaim, I think it's just another easy-sell reassurance that nobody needs to grow up.  The worst thing a movie can do is to demand little of the viewer, and Cinema Paradiso demands nothing at all.
0812979656|4.0|The book is impressive in the number of stories it unfolds, the range of their indepth tales.     The book will be a difficult read to someone not raised in India. The advertisements, the products, the Mahabharata, the viciousness of caste-based politics, etc will not register in a foreigner's mind so easily.    It will be a difficult read for paperback readers who need sequence and explicit clarity. This book revolves around real people of a fictional realm. And they haunt its pages randomly. Without care for sequential unfolding of their life's drama.     Every character is elaborated upon, discovered and illustrated. The story is at times desiring reader's effort and patience. Take in the story as it comes without fighting its unique layout and you  would enjoy reading it. Not a must-read. But recommended. Not an \\"untouchable\\" book. But deeply touching.
B004CLYKLI|3.0|Indeed a memoir on extreme parenting! While Amy Chua spends most of the book criticizing and stereotyping Western parenting I found her to be quite self-absorbed and no different than any other \\"Western\\" crazed pageant mom or fanatical soccer dad just a notch more insane! Indeed her two daughters are nothing short of remarkable but at what cost? Time will tell. This book read more like The Battle Hymn of Mommy Dearest.
B000PWIF4G|4.0|The book is impressive in the number of stories it unfolds, the range of their indepth tales.     The book will be a difficult read to someone not raised in India. The advertisements, the products, the Mahabharata, the viciousness of caste-based politics, etc will not register in a foreigner's mind so easily.    It will be a difficult read for paperback readers who need sequence and explicit clarity. This book revolves around real people of a fictional realm. And they haunt its pages randomly. Without care for sequential unfolding of their life's drama.     Every character is elaborated upon, discovered and illustrated. The story is at times desiring reader's effort and patience. Take in the story as it comes without fighting its unique layout and you  would enjoy reading it. Not a must-read. But recommended. Not an \\"untouchable\\" book. But deeply touching.
B001E9641K|5.0|A fantastic product from Days of Wonder.  The board and cards are beautifully drawn and great quality.  The simplistic nature of the game may seem like a turn off for some, but everyone I have played with loves it and the replayability.  DoW, keep up the great work!
1400063736|2.0|I tried to read this book, got through the first story, started the second, couldn't go any further. Didn't care.
B001DTUU7A|3.0|I've always enjoyed the older animated version, and so I was rather interested to see this CGI effort when it eventually came out on home video.  The voice cast is excellent and the animation is serviceably good as with most animated movies these days.  Most of the jokes produced smiles if not fully audible laughter (although there were a few hilarious moments).  So, basically, it's yet another good CGI movie for the family but with one major exception:    The message that the movie conveys is very troubling to me, although I'm sure most people wouldn't consider it offensive.  Through the antagonist of the movie, the archly controlling kangaroo mother, the movie suggests that people who require firm evidence for their beliefs are belligerent and intolerant.  The more Horton declares his belief in the seemingly invisible and silent people living on the dust speck, the more hostile the kangaroo mother becomes until she resorts to hiring an assassin vulture to get rid of the object of Horton's faith.  The kangaroo mother clearly represents an exaggerated form of an atheist or an agnostic person.  While most families--especially in the Bible belt--won't find the message agitating, as an atheist I felt a bit alienated by that aspect of the movie.  Such a polarizing moral in a mainstream family movie is surprising to me, when it seems like most of the time these movies go out of their way not to ideologically step on anyone's toes.  They usually stick to universal themes, not anything overtly religious, which is what I find this version of Horton Hears a Who to be.     In closing, the movie is very fun and humorous but seems largely aimed at religious families.
B002JVWR4A|4.0|We love this series, but on the last disc there is a scratch that does make it skip a small section. Over all I am happy with my purchase.
B003EYVXTG|5.0|***SPOILER FREE REVIEW****    This is a movie that has the feel of a documentary and true to life story.  The acting, writing, plot, and direction are absolutely superb.  You come to feel and know the characters in a way that Hollywood is usually incapable of providing.  This is not a \\"movie\\" in the Borne Identity or Harry Potter sense where you suspend your disbelief and enjoy an adventure.  Rather, this is a movie where you become the character and join them on a real life quest.    The rising action is gradual and real, it works, is true to life.  I feel this movie crosses a lot of demographics as i'm about as far away from the target demographic as you can get (black city slicker in his 30s) and I still enjoyed the movie.    So, if you are in the mood for a real story that isn't your typical hollywood fluff, then get this movie and enjoy
0486408434|4.0|Just like I titled my review this is the BEST place to start card magic. It's a low cost investment to the art and has some seriously amazing routines inside. This will cover things like the double lift, the glide and other basics that are key. Not only does it teach this but has a \\"lesson plan\\" built into the book. It actually advises following the order, learn the sleight and pick two effects to master from that chapter which is great. A lot of book just say \\"have fun\\" and don't really have a guideline for how to learn from it. It also has great tips on presentation inside kind of like a Kard Klub intro (DVD by Brad Christian) to get you really blowing minds. Let's face it, it's not about the sleights it's about how well you present the effect. A simple key card effect can really amaze people if you present it as a miracle.    Buy the book it's worth having about even if you only read it for kicks and giggles.
B000E1JOSE|5.0|This CD, of a live performance by Orbison, is fantastic. I like it better than his earlier studio recordings. Orbison reminds me of Susan Boyle. He looks like a geek until he opens his mouth and starts to sing, and then you are just amazed.
B004BSAEQC|5.0|I dont know WTF happened to my original review but here it goes.  Nicki has done an amazing job...the girl showed her skillz! She set the bar so high that others gotta come with it. This album has atleast (7) 5 STAR cuts on it such as...    Roman's Revenge ***** SICK She showed everyone why she's top dawg right now.  Right Thru Me ***** Excellent The best love track from a female rapper in a long time.  FLY ***** SUPERB I love this track fantastic collab w Rihanna.  SAVE ME ***** THROWED Anyone who needs to be saved after being lost will appreciate this cut.  Dear Old Nicki ***** GOODER I have wanted to talk to the old me n go back in time myself.  Blow Ya Mind ***** HOTTT I love this song...Darling Nickiii!  MUNY ***** HOTT This is another anthem for women gettin money n if u broke then choke;-p    After this debut I am certain all da female MC's will finally wake up. Besides who else is out there besides TRINA??? I expect female artist to rise to the occasion and show us what they got. And they better have back up cuz Nicki is a triple threat.
B00005J79J|5.0|I remember first being exposed to the wonderful music of Sarah Brightman when I first heard her songs \\"Deliver Me\\", \\"Eden\\", and \\"Beautiful\\". I wish that I can tell you for sure which song that I heard first, but what I can tell you for certain is that hearing those three songs enough times inspired me to purchase one of her greatest hits compilation. I chose this one because of the positive reviews and the diverse song selection that it has. I am glad that I went with doing that because all of the songs are very good. The songs that I must definitely recommend listening to first on this cd are \\"a question of honor part 2\\", \\"heaven is here\\", \\"only an ocean away\\", \\"eden\\", \\"deliver me,\\", and \\"scarborough fair\\". I only wish that \\"Beautiful\\" would have been included in this collection. My overall favorite song in Sarah Brightman's greatest hits collection would certainly have to be \\"Deliver Me\\". \\"Deliver Me\\" is a beautiful and joyful song that talks about how someone has isolated themselves from the outside world their whole life and kept their emotional guard completely up and closed until they encountered a person that they felt safe to reveal their true self too. In addition, I like how Sarah pours her emotion and spirit into the song. Overall Sarah's gorgeous vocals, and the beautiful songs on this cd both add up to a creative and terrific combination.  It is definitely gently suggested to consider this cd if any and/or all of the following apply to you: you enjoy music by Enya, Enigma, and/or Celtic/New Age music imported from Europe.
B003G4W49C|5.0|I love this story.    Too bad the Card is a homophobic nut job! He wants to kill all the gays or so I have read. Its so sad because I can never read this book again. Its kind of like Tom Cruse or Mel Gibson. I just can't enjoy their works anymore. But that's just me.
B002OFWG7E|5.0|Like many of the reviewers here, I too was fortunate to first be exposed to the Foo Fighters music back in the 90's when they made their debut. This cd has an excellent selection of their hits from the 90s time period leading all the way up to the millenium years such as the smash hit \\"All My Life\\" from 2002. All 16 songs were actually great quality hits. In my humble opinion, the band really thought of their fans when they selected the songs to go on this compilation. My personal favorite songs out of this compilation were \\"All My Life\\", \\"Everlong\\", \\"Learning to Fly\\", \\"Big Me\\", \\"This is a Call\\", \\"My Hero\\", and \\"The Pretender\\". My overall favorite song is definitely \\"Learning to Fly\\" because it is a song about having the determination for learning to soar above any obstacles towards your dreams regardless of external circumstances. Many who enjoy rock music from the 1990's and the 2000's are going to enjoy this greatest hits compilation by the Foo Fighters.
B0021TVYVC|5.0|definitely in this record it shows the talent of this guys working together,passion,concentration,power and the most important: METAL !!!,this 60 years old folks can show to a kid how to do real metal, I really envy(good envy) to those whom went to this great band concerts, I wish I was there, definitely I recommend this album to anybody that wants to listen great music.    long live metal !!!!
B0042816YK|5.0|I loved this movie!  It brought the viewer through so many emotions we women of a certain age go through.  Now only if we all could make the life choice to live our dreams.
B0042U94UQ|5.0|this was my sons only request for a movie for Christmas, he's 8, and he watched it over and over and the laughing and smiling from him just made my holiday even better.
0060594896|5.0|The Success Principals is one of my top 10 books and has changed my life!<br /> I have had the pleasure of reading the book and attending Jack Canfield's Breakthrough to Success seminar in which many of these<br />principals are put into action. This is a manual on how to live a more successful life, a book that i have read time and time again, my copy is now full<br />of highlighted insights and tabs galore. Every time I read it I find new meaning and new insights, as we change, evolve, and grow... new insights<br />stick out. If you are looking to be more successful and improve in any area of your life, this is a must read.
B003ZHQVJO|5.0|this is a great cd and all kid rocks songs are awesome. the lyrics are true to the heart
B002GHHJU4|5.0|With great artists like Panic at the Disco! and Florence and the lungs, as well as Hayley Williams from Paramore, this album is a must have for alternative music lovers. I noticed the music through the movie which was a quite funny film.
B0026P3G12|5.0|I had looked all over town trying to find this CD with no luck.  When I decided to look on Amazon.com and there is was....Great joy!!  I'm enjoying this CD very much.  It is so Susan Boyle!!
B003ES61EE|4.0|I have owned the Nikon Lens Pen Cleaner and have been very satisfied. This is very similar to other lens pen cleaners. It's good for dust only - not for finger smudges.<br /><br />This pen cleaner comes in handy if I can't find a tissue paper but I only use it as a backup. Its brush is great for dust but it's not so effective for finger smudges.  I normally keep lens cleaning spray in my camera bag to get any smudges off.<br /><br />If you frequent areas where there is a lot of dust, this is a must-have. I recommend it only as a dust-removing tool.
B00275EHJQ|5.0|at first i didnt think the movie was gonna be good, but once we watched it we loved. now me and my kids watch it all the time. my 2 year old loves it!
B000H6SXMY|5.0|I ordered this around Christmas so expected it to take a while, but it was delivered fast!  It was also the lowest price around and the quality of the product was perfect.  I'm very happy with this purchase and would definitely order again!
0385342047|3.0|Ok, I'm over Becky Brandon (nee Bloomwood).  She lacks logic and common sense.  She has no grasp on reality.  The people around her constantly bail her out, and she gets out of these messes by being charming (but is she?  Because I would find her annoying and flakey and probably drop her.  She lies ALL  THE  TIME to her family, friends, employers, strangers, etc...)      If you have read one Shopaholic book, you've read them all.  But, for some reason, I can't quite quit her.
0307346617|4.0|I got this book in the audio format and it is very entertaining.  There are definately a few laugh out loud moments.  Its not a five star book, but if you want to a good Zombie read, this one does the trick.
B002VECM6S|5.0|This was an amazing story. Cd in great shape when it arrived. Would recommend to anyone. How someone can be ugly toward people of different nationalities is uncomprehensible to me. My God made us all. Wish everyone felt that way.
B003FSTN5C|5.0|this show is just as good as NCIS, different characters that really work well together with mysterious sides to them to keep you in suspense. Keep in mind that NCIS does play roles in this NCIS location on occasion so expect the unexpected.
B000WJSCZE|4.0|A must read if you want to give engaging  presentations. In the end of the day, it's not rocket science, but maybe because it's not, people overlook key aspects for giving good presentations and delivering the message. This book will serve as a reference to visit every time you have that mayor event or presentation to give. Simple but good.
B003YUC9JI|4.0|The video was as advertised and was $14.00 less than the suggested retail price.  It was delivered within one week, which allowed me to gift it to my grandson for  Christmas. I am totally satisfied.
B003EI2EH2|4.0|As always, Tim Ferris with a full action-pack of cool information aimed to manage the seat of your body and hence your life (enhance your body to enhance your life -not in a merely aesthetic way). Don't let anyone tell your what the book is about. Read it for yourself.
0553805371|1.0|Of the several questions posited by Hawking and Mlodinow (H&M) concerning cosmology and ontology, none reaches to the very core of our existential angst more than \\"Why is there something instead of nothing\\". In their attempt to answer this question they inform us that \\"...philosophy is dead. Philosophy has not kept up with modern developments in science, particularly physics.\\" The only thing that is dead is these two scientists' awareness of problems already addressed by philosophy.    There really is nothing new being posited in this slim volume in its attempt to explain \\"Why is there something...\\". When scientists are asked to speculate about what existed prior to the Big Bang, the answer is typically that scientific method depends on direct observation of the \\"system\\" in question to develop a model. Given the Big Bang model for the creation of our universe, espoused by physicists and cosmologists, it is not possible to observe events prior to its occurrence. Hence, no scientific conclusions can be developed regarding what existed prior to the universe in which we find ourselves immersed. H&M, with complete disregard to the scientific method, which they previously implied had replaced philosophy, now tell us that they know, apparently \\"a priori\\", what preceded the Big Bang - namely, the Laws of Physics (um, that would be the Laws of Physics as observed in our universe) which obviously must have been in effect prior to the Big Bang, or maybe there were proto-Laws of Physics, or, um, maybe there was a Prime Cause - no, that's God, or god, or many gods, or...    This book provides some decent layman's explanations of develeopments in physics; it fails miserably in its major goal.
B002MUAJ2A|4.0|Good for business starters, and also managers at any company. Pretty easy, honest and doesn't get into the business-mba-white shirts useless jargon.<br />Recommended.
B0040ZA2D6|5.0|My Son sits and Listens and dances to the music every night while watching Big time Rush on TV. I can even listen to their music and I only listen to country.
1933492910|5.0|This book contains little text, it says what it needs to say primarily in pictures. And it's very well put together, none of the images straddle the divide, so none of them are cut in half at the book's center, they each have their own nice little page.    The creatures and characters are all at once scary, charming and enchanting. If you're a concept artist or just a big fan of it, you will enjoy this book. It is first and foremost a picture book, however, and NOT so much a \\"how-to.\\" This book will NOT teach you \\"how to draw,\\" but it may help you get some fresh new ideas if you already know how.
B002MQYOFW|5.0|I am glad I was introduced into the Hunger Games series; I loved this book! I had twenty dollars that was sitting in my giftcard account that was longing for me to get a new book. I asked my Aunt what series was interesting and she recommended the Hunger Games. So I bought the book because it was on sale. The story is interesting and hadme hooked. I lovedthe part with the snappin branches; it had soo much suspense.
B0015DROBO|5.0|This book series by Steig Larsson is fantastically good. If you haven't bought all  of them then what on earth are you waiting for!!! Yes there is the occasional innapropriate scene but that is necessary for the story's plot and they dont come up often... Once you read the girl with the dragon tattoo you will want to read the next 2 books in the exact same day... I know i did! With the perfect balance of mystery and danger larsson captivates his reader... one of the best books i've read! And theres movies too!
B001VNB54A|4.0|One of the biggest problems I had initially in enjoying this film was my impulse to constantly compare it to Band of Brothers which is a masterpiece. You can't do that and fully enjoy and understand this film. By the time I got to the end of the second disc I finally realized this and began to see The Pacific for itself alone. One other thing: the Pacific war was completely different than the European war in many respects. That takes some time to deal with, too.      It is a very good film. Here's what I think is right about it: 1. The music is beautiful. 2. The cinematography is outstanding. 3. The battle scenes when compared to documentary footage is very realistic 4. The Basilone depiction is excellent 5. The homecoming sequences at the end of the film are extremely emotional.    Here's what I thought were its weaknesses: 1. the dialog and character development were somewhat disjointed. 2. The sex scenes were stupid and pure Hollywood garbage. 3. I know the Japanese soldiers liked night attacks, but a few more daytime battles would have been appreciated. 4. The acting could have been better. 5. Lastly, and most importantly, it did not have the writing and cohesion that Stephen Ambrose brought to B of B. But, overall, it was a very good movie.     If Band of Brothers were never made, most people probably would have given it 5 stars, including me. It is very hard to get a masterpiece out of your mind when doing an evaluation of this movie.
B003JTHXOK|5.0|The Safe Haven was a great book.. It kept me interested and I ended up staying up most of the night because I had to finish it.  I  have read all of Nichols Sparks books and will contuine to read any new books and cant wait for a new one..
B003L20ICE|4.0|*** This review may contain spoilers ***<br /><br />One of the stronger entries in the crowded Independent Film market this year is 'The Kids Are Alright'.  The subject matter is refreshing as fairly normal middle-class lesbian couples, played here by Annette Benning (Nic) and Julianne Moore (Jules), have not been the usual focus of many mainstream films in recent years.<br /><br />Writers Lisa Cholodenko and Stuart Blumberg aim more for comedy in the beginning of their story with Nic and Jules revealing a penchant for watching gay male porno tapes.  At the same time, they are both involved in the serious business of raising two teenage children, who were conceived from the same sperm donor.  Jules treats their son Laser to a slightly tortured explanation as to why she and Nic enjoy watching those porno tapes and it's all part and parcel of the parents trying to be overly transparent in their day-to-day dealings with their children.<br /><br />The ordinary world of Nic and Jules is interrupted when Laser conscripts his older sister, Joni, to find their father, the sperm donor.  He turns out to be a free spirit, Bohemian-type, Paul, who runs a restaurant with an organic garden in the backyard.  Paul of course agrees to meet with the kids and they immediately bond.<br /><br />Stories about free spirit 'interlopers' (the term that Nic uses to pejoratively to dismiss Paul at the film's climax) are nothing new.  Two prior films (much lighter in tone) are 'Belle Epoque' (which received the Oscar for Best Foreign Lanugage film from Spain in 1993) and the joint Anglo-Irish production, 'About Adam' (2000) both of which introduce a quirky but likable Lothario who ends up seducing a family of women who cannot resist his charms.  But unlike the aforementioned films where the seducer is welcomed by the women he seduces and there are no malevolent consequences, here Paul's seduction of Jules, is viewed as a violation of the family's space.  Hence, Paul is ultimately cast as a villain and banished from any further contact with each member of the family unit.<br /><br />The story proceeds quietly with a haunting guitar soundtrack underneath. Paul is invited over to dinner by Nic and Jules and eventually offers Jules a job working on the landscaping for his organic garden. Nic argues with Paul after he takes Joni for a ride on his motorcycle. Nic backs down and suggests that they go over to Paul's house for dinner. In a great scene, Paul and Nic bond over Joni Mitchell's 'Blue' album. But soon afterward, disaster strikes: Nic discovers traces of Jules' hair in Paul's bathroom and bedroom.<br /><br />Strip away the lesbian subtext and 'The Kids are Alright' becomes a conventional tale about the effect of an affair on a middle-aged relationship. Still, the story is full of nuances. For one thing, Paul, despite his immaturity, is not such a bad guy after all. His negative opinion of Laser's best friend Clay (a kid who enjoys torturing animals) is borne out toward the end of the film when Laser has a fight with Clay and dumps him. Annette Benning steals the show as the obstetrician breadwinner, who predictably can't contain her contempt for her partner's dabbling in fleeting New Age pursuits (note the scene where Nic storms out of the restaurant after denouncing Jules' new found interest in composting). I didn't get as good a handle on Jules, whose middle-aged malaise is not as sharply defined as Nic's more stable weltanschauung.<br /><br />If there is a wrong note in the film, it's Paul's sudden decision to settle down with Jules, a woman who is openly gay and he hardly knows at all. What is it about Jules that causes Paul to dump his attractive girlfriend and destroy the excellent bond he's established with the two kids? I suppose Paul's behavior must be classified under the moniker of 'impetuousness'.<br /><br />Rather than comedy, I would consider 'Kids' more of a 'dramedy'. There's something very wistful about how Paul (basically a nice guy),must be thrown under the bus in order to repair the more important relationship that Nic and Jules have established over the years. Hopefully, if the kids are 'alright', they may end up forgiving Paul down the road, and re-establish contact with him.<br /><br />'The Kids are Alright' is not a complicated story but it pulls you in precisely because one wants to know Paul's fate, vis-a-vis his relationship with Jules and Nic. In the end, Nic forgives Jules and the bond between the kids (so seriously disrupted due to Paul the 'interloper') is now repaired as the family delivers Joni to college and savor the bittersweet moment as the daughter takes her first steps toward complete independence.<br /><br />The performances here are uniformly excellent as the actors have a script with excellent dialogue to work with. Perhaps the most prescient line is delivered by Lazer at the end when he tells his parents that they must stay together because they're \\"old\\".important relationship that Nic and Jules have established over the years. Hopefully, if the kids are 'alright', they may end up forgiving Paul down the road, and re-establish contact with him.    'The Kids are Alright' is not a complicated story but it pulls you in precisely because one wants to know Paul's fate, vis-a-vis his relationship with Jules and Nic. In the end, Nic forgives Jules and the bond between the kids (so seriously disrupted due to Paul the 'interloper') is now repaired as the family delivers Joni to college and savor the bittersweet moment as the daughter takes her first steps toward complete independence.    The performances here are uniformly excellent as the actors have a script with excellent dialogue to work with. Perhaps the most prescient line is delivered by Lazer at the end when he tells his parents that they must stay together because they're \\"old\\".
B003QNXPUK|1.0|I paid retail for it unfortunately (only bc my at&t store was closer than other stores and I was in a hurry that day) but already I TOTALLY regret it. I could have wasted a lot less money if I would not have bought it from the retail store :( I've never owned a screen protector before but I bought an invisible shield covering the front & back & air bubbles took forever to go away & then they finally did but then when I changed cases the back completely came off & there was no way for me to reinstall & it still look good! Also the edges are now bubbling up on the only part I have left- the front. What a waste.. I've only had it about a week. Never again. How ridiculous that they can charge so much for such a poor product. Save your $.
B002VPE1WK|4.0|Purpose    Before you purchase a pack for your camera gear, you have to decide WHY you want the pack. If you want to hike into the boonies for an overnight camera shoot, this is NOT the pack for you. It is too small. This pack has no room for overnight gear.  If you want to carry all possible gear to be able to photograph anything that comes down the trail, this may not be the pack for you. It is too small. Consider wheeled photo case for this type of job.    If you want a pack to carry your camera body, a couple of extra lenses, maybe a flash and a few other assorted must-have goodies, keep reading. You may have found your pack. I consider this pack to be an ideal size. On most trails, I only need a wide-angle lens for the scenics, a telephoto lens (and maybe a tele-extender) for wildlife, and a macro lens. This all fits into the pack nicely, along with a sandwich, trail mix, a 16-oz coffee container, and wind/rain jacket. Taking any more than this is not only overkill for the mission, but it is also heavy. Again, this pack is an ideal size for a day hike.    Potential Pack Problems    I have worn out a lot of packs in the last few years. Sometimes the pack material has worn out. This pack SEEMS as if the material is strong enough and protected enough that this should not happen. One frequent problem with packs is that the zippers are not heavy-duty. Although a zipper will occasionally give you warning that failure is imminent, having a sudden breakage five miles into a trail is just not fun. The zippers on this pack seem to be of good quality. However, there is no weather strip covering the zipper. Rain could seep in, although I haven't had the pack out in the rain yet.    Another problem I have had with packs in the past is that the straps will tear off where they are attached to the pack. It is difficult for me to tell how well constructed this portion of the pack is. Only time will resolve this issue. While a broken strap could be a tragedy in the field, I havenever seen a strap break suddenly. The rips in the strap extend slowly, giving the user plenty of time to replace the pack. Padding for the This pack's padding for the camera and other gear appears to be as good as any camera pack I have used. The padding between the pack and the wearer is also good.    I have had several side-release (Fastex) buckles break in my life, but that is never a mission killer. Besides, the buckles are the only part of a pack (that I am aware of) that is user replaceable if they break. The buckles on this pack all seem to be of standard grade plastic and should not cause undue problems.    The Big Problem and Solution    All buckles on this pack are set up to be easily adjustable by simply pulling the strap or pulling up on the quick-release end of the buckle. Well, they are all set up that way EXCEPT the buckles on the waist strap. For some inexplicable reason (at least to me), this pack is set up with an extra triglide adjuster on the right side of the waist strap that makes it impossible to easily adjust the length of the waist strap. If you look at the pictures at the top of the main page, the triglide adjusters are the plastic pieces found to the left and right of the buckle on the picture showing the waist belt.    When the triglide adjuster is attached to the right strap (the side with the male part of the buckle attached), the strap cannot be pulled tight, nor can the quick-release mechanism on the male side of the buckle operate to release the tightness. Changing the length of the strap is possible, but it is very cumbersome.    I took the triglide adjuster completely off of the right strap on my pack and the straps now work as expected. [Note: the strap was also not properly wound around the male side of the buckle when I took to triglide off. The picture at the top of the main page shows the proper way to assemble the strap around the buckle.] I suggest you do the same.  Suggestion  Other than removal of the unnecessary triglide adjuster, the other change I would like to see in future versions of this pack is the addition of some kind of weather protection. A pack poncho attached to the top of the pack in a zippered retainer pocket would be a good way to keep weather off of expensive camera equipment during a hike in questionable weather, which is usually a great time to get some awesome pictures.  But carrying a small poncho or even a garbage bag would accomplish the same thing, albeit much less elegantly.    Conclusions    I expect any pack to last no less than two years, but I always hope to get five years out of one before it wears out. I fully expect this pack to measure up to my expectations.  I like this pack. It fits me. Because of its size, I cannot carry a lot of unnecessary (and heavy) gear, but it will carry enough gear for a single day hike. If I need more equipment, I carry it in my large, wheeled camera case and leave the case in the vehicle, carrying in the pack only what I need for the shoot.    Pros:       1. Excellent size for day hike.       2. Comfortable       3. Good camera padding       4. Handle on the top       5. Zippers appear to be heavy-duty  Cons:       1. The \\"belt strap\\" can't by tightened on the fly (but read text for a work-around of what I consider a major design flaw)       2. I have doubts about the ability of the camera compartment to protect the gear from rain: (a) non-protected zippers; (b) no inner lining for the main camera compartment; and (c)no built-in poncho.       3. There is a piece of stretchable fabric on the chest strap that seems to be a bit fragile.
0312983867|1.0|I ordered this book on December 13, 2010 and have yet to receive it as of January 14, 2011. I definitely will not order anything from this company again!
0790732203|4.0|I enjoyed this movie much more in its theatrical release, with \\"Every Breath You Take\\" behind the love on a real train scene. I remembered this distinctly, but thought I must be mistaken after watching it on Netflix today. Thanks to another reviewer for affirming my recollection. The studio loses a star from my review for truncating the soundtrack. I'm sure they're worried. The movie must've been made before \\"Every Breath You Take\\" became so immensely popular (and expensive in royalties).   Rebecca De Mornay, however, is as hot as I remember from the first viewing. She takes my breath away as a perfectly beautiful but treacherous and amoral little slut. Tom Cruise' first megawatt of star power still draws attention. The two are not unlike an 80's version of Dustin Hoffman and Katherine Ross in \\"The Graduate\\".   Compare \\"Risky Business\\"'s sex without attachment and love of money with \\"The Graduate\\"'s theme of love over gold to limn the corrosive effect of Reaganism on 60's idealism.   And in that same spirit the studio wrecked my favorite scene by messing with the soundtrack to save a buck!
B003P2WO5E|5.0|i do not write a lot of reviews, but i depend on them a lot. the characters are great.  story line is great.  if a fan of mistborn, should like it.
B002ZG999U|5.0|The Expendables is a 'so-so' movie, but is loaded with action stars.  The great thing is that the director understood that with many action stars you don't really want them to talk as much as have them just doing action sequences.  Fortunately, the actors that get the most speaking lines in this film are pretty good actors (Stallone, Statham, Rourke).  The rest of the gang did what they do best...action scenes.  You know within the first 20 minutes that you aren't looking at traditionally, classically trained actors...but that's okay.  This film is NOT about character development, complicated plots or deep emotional content. It's about good old shoot 'em up, chase them in the car, blow them out of the sky type of action entertainment...and have the one pretty girl thing happening in the movie to keep the 'eye candy' crowd interested (two, if you count 'Cheyenne'- Rourkes girlfriend for the night..she was hot!).  What really keeps the film from going into the dustbin of 'cant remember a thing about it' type of movie is that Mickey Rourke has actually saves the movie with one scene, where he is reflecting on his past actions.  That part is actually the diamond in the rough for this film.  That one scene is deserving of an oscar.  I think Stalone must have realized the stellar performance that Rourke gave in that one 3 or 4 minute part and was glad he was cast for that role.  The great thing about the DVD is that you get to see the out-takes.  They were very funny. Things like an actors cell phone ringing in the middle of a scene... Or Jet Li trying to get his english words right... Just hysterical stuff.  Get the DVD.  The out-takes alone are worth the price.
0811876373|5.0|Bought this for my bestfriend's 11 year old daughter.  She is a budding baker!  When I got it in the mail, of course, had to peruse it.  I had to see how easy they were to make and how they tasted.  I made them for a family get-together and they were an absolute hit!  I didn't make the pops, I just made balls (I know, I took the easy way out).  They were fairly labor intensive but worth the trouble! The directions are very thorough and the ideas were really cute.  I can't wait to make some of the more decorative ones, I had so much fun with them.  I will be buying a copy for myself very soon.  BTW...the daughter loved it and had plans the day after receiving the book for making some for the next party!  Highly recommend.
B003SWNRU2|5.0|Listening to metal this fine morning and loaded this disc of Accept.  I grew up listening to Accept Balls to the Wall, Metal Heart, Russian Roulette and Restless and Wild.  I loved UDO's voice and Accept's epic sound with straight ahead riffs.  It was a match made in heaven for my ears.<br /><br />That being said this new release is just as good as the old days, maybe better.  The new singer is very talented and the band has obviously had some other worldly inspiration from old.  It has all the crucial elements of Accept of old (the good stuff) and elements of their new inspiration.  I enjoy it when veteran bands achieve this kind of creativity and combination.<br /><br />Thank you Accept for this metal candy.
B003VB5E2E|4.0|The artists were great, the music was great, however; the video work was done with the technique of a  middle school video class.    For example, out of focus shots and then zooming for a close up and then back out.  When the guitar players take a solo they would zoom in and out but not showing much of the player's hands on the guitar (that's what makes the unique sound for each player).  Sometimes they didn't even know who had the lead part on some sounds.  The cameras were twitching from shot to shot for some kind of effect I suppose, I know when I go to a concert my head would fall off it I jerked in around like these camera shots.    Crossroads 2004 and 2007 were produced much better from a visual stand point.
B003UERZ88|5.0|I believe I must put my 2 cents in.  The vocals of Rob Halford is always a treat. Need I say more?
B004AQR29C|3.0|... oh, and that delicious Dolph Lundgren.  I'm one of those weird females that likes violent movies and with this cast, I was pretty hopeful but the plot is tired and dull.  It was still fun seeing my favorite 80s action stars here, though... although I missed seeing Carl Weathers.<br /><br />Any True Blood fans reading this?  I pictured Eric being more like a young Dolph Lundgreen than that reedy kid they chose.
B002N5N4M6|5.0|The merchandise that I purchased from this customer was new like it was supposed to be, and the DVDs play just fine.
B000PFT1ZU|5.0|Right off the bat, \\"Berlin\\" is my favorite album by Lou Reed. Yes, there are more commercially successful ones like \\"Transformer\\", riskier ones like \\"Metal Machine Music\\", or street smart ones like \\"Sally Can't Dance\\" but something about the music and the rawest emotions and an almost banal misogyny has always excited, disturbed and inspired me. In a year ('73) that saw the releases of Roxy Music's \\"For Your Pleasure\\" and \\"Stranded\\", Brian Eno's debut \\"Here Come The Warm Jets\\" and Mahavishnu Orchestra's \\"Birds Of Fire\\", \\"Berlin\\" still stood out as a true original.<br /><br />It begins at a party and segues into some blue piano with Lou singing, remembering sweet times gone by. The band comes in suddenly for \\"Lady Day\\", our narrator describing the woman and her home. Producer Bob Ezrin (producer for Alice Cooper among others) is a sonic wizard on this album, knowing just when to keep it simple and when to bring out the guns. \\"Men of Good Fortune\\" is a thoughtful, sad rumination. I was 16 when I bought \\"Berlin\\" and though I knew a bit about S&M, misogyny, speed, cocaine and the like I remember being kind of taken aback with the scenes of abuse in songs like \\"Oh Jim\\", the utter emotional and physical defeat depicted in \\"Caroline Says II\\"- so touching, so odd and haunting with its `it's so cold in Alaska' refrain. \\"The Bed\\" is my favorite song on an album that's full of gems. The stark, simple melody; the dark and mysterious lyrics (`and I said oh, oh, oh, what a feeling'); the ending with its funereal, ethereal choir. \\"Sad Song\\" is a majestic anthem to one man's cruelty to his woman. In a nice juxtaposition, Lou (Jim) sings the chorus in a slight deadpan manner while the band, and then the orchestra too, swell to a triumphant climax. I'm sure Lou is proud of this staggering achievement, having done a live version somewhat recently.
B002ZCY7SW|5.0|WOW!  What a life this guy has.  He keeps you on the edge of your chair emerged in the story taking place.  24 is one of the best action/thriller/venture series I have seen. It it too bad that this was the final season.  However, it leaves a great opening for a movie.      Kiefer Sutherland shows talent that never ends.
030726999X|3.0|Still a nail biter, and you have a hard time putting it down, but the editing appears to have gotten lazier over the 3 books.  Some pretty poor writing persists, especially towards the end when it feels like a pedantic attempt to tie up as many loose ends as possible at the expense of compelling prose.
0316017922|4.0|I got this book as a Christmas gift. As I often do with a book I am examining, I read reader reviews here, mostly the threes and fours.  From the reviews I expected not to like the book particularly, since so many people thought it rather shallow, misleading, and even wrong.    And I expected the book to be how successful people do it on the basis of their own superiorities. I expected \\"self-made-people\\" stories.  Instead, the author gives a number of accounts (including his own story) to illustrate his belief that the thing that makes the difference between success and failure is the human environment that surrounds people.  \\"It takes a village...\\" I think he is right.
B0024FAR5M|5.0|This is a great show weather you're the sport biker or the Harley rider, the story line is interesting, and entertaining. I would recommend to my friends. Item shipped on time, and came looking good.
B0042816YK|2.0|Love all of Julia Roberts movies but this one was on the bottom of my list. It was just too all over the place. Wasn't sure if she should eat more pray more or fall in love more.  Not one of her better movies.
1439152780|5.0|Ever since I heard Kate Morton was working on a new novel, I have eagerly been awaiting its  release. Having read her two previous novels The House at Riverton and The Forgotten Garden, I knew I was in for a treat. Ms. Morton knows how to write a mystery that keeps the reader guessing. This book will not disappoint those who fell in love with the author's writing in her first two books.    The center of the mystery in The Distant Hours is an old and remote castle called Milderhurst where three elderly sisters reside. The sisters, two of which are twins, and the castle itself are the source of much speculation since their father was the author of a literary classic entitled The True History of the Mud Man.  Raymond Blythe was a mysterious author of which not much was known about, except that he married twice lost his first wife in a horrible fire and lived the life of a recluse in his later years.    In 1941 young Juniper Blythe was engaged to marry a young man named Thomas Cavill. He was expected to arrive on a stormy night. The dinner was ready, the dishes were set and Juniper was wearing her best outfit in an attempt to convince her overbearing older sister, Percy to accept the engagement. The problem is Thomas never arrived and decades later the elderly Juniper still roams the castle as if it Thomas is expected at any moment.    When editor Edie Burchill visits the author's home, she carries her own mystery. Her mother once lived in the old castle during World War II as an evacuee. Before Edie unexpectedly finds herself at the castle's door, her mother is presented with a letter from the youngest Blythe sister, Juniper, which causes Meredith Burchill a very emotional reaction. Edie feels compelled to visit the castle and the sisters in order to discover her own mother's connection to the home of the famous author.Meredith's connection to the Blythe sisters really takes a backseat to a very intriguing mystery surrounding Juniper.    The novel is a bit longer thanMorton's previous novels, but I never felt the novel dragged on like some lengthy novels do. As I got deeper and deeper into the novel, the Thomas Cavill mystery became more and more fascinating. Do not try and guess his fate. I thought I had it figured out early in the novel, but I was dead wrong. Kate Morton is known for her shocking endings. While this ending was not as shocking as The House at Riverton, I must confess I never saw it coming. I applaud the author for such a creative and unexpected ending. If you have read Morton's books, you must read The Distant Hours. If you have never read a novel by this author, I recommend starting with The House at Riverton and then proceeding with The Forgotten Garden. The novels this author writes are truly a delight!
B0042U94UQ|5.0|Great entertainment for the whole family.  Funny scenes throughout the movie.  Enjoyed this movie and looking forward to watching it again real soon.
B002YMWPUA|4.0|A deeply disturbing look at the impoverished conditions enforced (somewhat `self enforced') on the political inmates of the Belfast Maze prison system, 1981; `Hunger' definitely succeeds in making the viewer squirm.  With sequences that eloquently (if that adjective is deemed appropriate) showcase walls covered in human excrement and mattresses crawling with maggots and human bodies littered with sores, `Hunger' is a visual feast that's greatest feat is delivered with a deft stroke of the director's hand.<br /><br />Steve McQueen does a brilliant job here.<br /><br />`Hunger' opens with a prison guard preparing for the day.  He stands before the mirror and soaks his hands in hot water.  This seemingly insignificant act kind of sets the tone for the entire film.  The pain that is self inflicted only carries on through to the climate of the film itself.<br /><br />The films first half shows the end of a strike consisting of inmate's refusal to wash and wear clothing.  They huddle naked in their rooms, rooms painted with their own waste.  Soon they are forced out of their cells and into the washrooms by the guards; their beards shaved and their bodies tossed in tubs of water.  Upon returning to their rooms they find it pressure washed and in immaculate condition.  Soon, their hunger strike is set into motion, and this takes the second half of the film in an equally yet separately disturbing direction.  It is within this second half that we are formally introduced to Bobby Sands.  Sands is the ringleader, although his presence is barely acknowledged throughout the films first half.  In a rather intoxicating encounter with a priest (the scene itself is a FLAWLESS stretch of actorly bravado and piercing dialog) we are brought to an intimate understanding of this man and his passions and his intentions.<br /><br />I just wish the film as a whole lived up to the sum of its parts.<br /><br />The film really consists of a slew of remarkably crafted sequences, moments, that just don't come together to breathe life into a complete film.  It doesn't feel like a film.  It is very `art house', which is NEVER a deterrent for me, but this film just feels almost too relaxed in its own themes.  These are shocking moments, shocking actions, shocking everything and yet the feeling one is left with is almost numb.  I find it interesting that a reviewer mentioned `Elephant' because I noticed a similar `apathetic' tone to the film, but I think the overall message carried in `Elephant' called for that tone, whereas one is meant to sympathize and become emotionally stirred in this particular story, so that tone is somewhat misleading.<br /><br />But that's just my opinion.<br /><br />Still, the film is a visual masterpiece and it is expertly spliced together to create a definitive conversation piece.  Michael Fassbender is stunning here.  I struggle with his category placement, for while he gives the films primary performance, and the film itself is intent on telling his story, he is absent throughout the films first half and while his presence is felt it is almost ghostlike, very much the background essence of McQueen's directorial flourishes.<br /><br />But that is more of a personal issue than anything else.nto a complete film.  It doesn't feel like a film.  It is very `art house', which is NEVER a deterrent for me, but this film just feels almost too relaxed in its own themes.  These are shocking moments, shocking actions, shocking everything and yet the feeling one is left with is almost numb.  I find it interesting that a reviewer mentioned `Elephant' because I noticed a similar `apathetic' tone to the film, but I think the overall message carried in `Elephant' called for that tone, whereas one is meant to sympathize and become emotionally stirred in this particular story, so that tone is somewhat misleading.    But that's just my opinion.    Still, the film is a visual masterpiece and it is expertly spliced together to create a definitive conversation piece.  Michael Fassbender is stunning here.  I struggle with his category placement, for while he gives the films primary performance, and the film itself is intent on telling his story, he is absent throughout the films first half and while his presence is felt it is almost ghostlike, very much the background essence of McQueen's directorial flourishes.    But that is more of a personal issue than anything else.
006091307X|3.0|I first ran across this short novel in college, when a close friend was assigned to read it. I picked it up in her dorm room and read the first few chapters, and when I told her I was enjoying its eccentricities, she looked at me strangely (and a little painfully) and said that we must have very different literary tastes.    It wasn't until I finally sat down to finish it that I understood what she meant. The novel slowly devolves from a humorous, slapdash account of a suburban housewife forced to face her past into a hallucinatory exploration of paranoia and conspiracy theories.    Pynchon does an excellent job of blurring the lines between the characters' realities, actions, and beliefs. He gradually introduces so much confusion to the tale that by the end, I wandered, terrified, through the prose as Oedipa so wandered the streets of San Francisco, desperately hunting for answers.    By the end, I had NO idea what the book was about and was relieved to finally close it. Thank God it was short, or I'd really be pissed. Like Oedipa's questions about the shadowy nature of Trystero, my questions about what actually happens in this book will never be answered.      For a complete discussion, visit my book review site, Melody & Words!
B000EHSVS2|5.0|George Patton was a highly decorated war hero from WWII who led the Third Army to victory in many campaigns. After the war, General Patton was tasked with control of the larger portion of American occupied Germany, and his job was to dole out justice to the newly defeated enemy.<br />For all his prejudices, Patton represented to a high degree the honor of the army and the basic generosity of the American people.<br />He made this very plain in a reply to a question put to him by the army's Theater Judge Advocate: \\"In all these talks (to the troops) I emphasized the necessity for the proper treatment of prisoners of war, both as to their lives and property. My usual statement was: \\"Kill all the Germans you can but do not put them up against a wall and kill them. Do your killing while the are still fighting. After a man has surrendered, he should be treated exactly in accordance with the Rules of Land Warfare, and just as you would hope to be treated if you were foolish enough to surrender. Americans do not kick people in the teeth after they are down.\\"
B000JQU4TW|5.0|Rather impressed as I have never read this one.  Although, there are a few typos on the Kindle version.
B002ZCY7SW|5.0|To me has been very sad to see the end of 24 series in general.  All of them are very good, especially the 8th season, one the best.   Kiefer Sutherland is one of may favorite actors, he honor his father Donald Sutherland, which I had the privilege to serve him at The Plaza Hotel in New York.
B000MAH5O2|5.0|to all the HATERS of our wonderful, intelligent, caring, (and handsome) President.....GET OVER YOURSELVES!!!!!!!!!!!!! President Barack Obama is by far the greatest President ever!!!!! he actually CARES about America! he actually wants the best for us!!!! he's only human, so of course he is going to make some mistakes, but he's doing the best he can, and personally, i think he is doing a heck of a job!!!! kudos to you Mr. President!!!!! :) oh, and one more thing....JEALOUSY...it's a sick disaese...GET WELL SOON HATERS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! i love you Mr. President Obama and your family, and i am praying for you! :)
1597801585|5.0|Easily one of the best books of the year, a reminder of what is great about the novel form.     From beginning to end, Bacigalupi's dystopian Thailand vibrates with dense color and life, utterly fantastical but so perfectly and richly imagined that you never once doubt its potentiality.    Its cast of characters is so complex and authentic, you find yourself switching allegiances througout, as what appeared to be selfish, evil decisions suddenly seem sympathetic and prescient, or turn out not to matter one bit as the world shifts beneath them.     Also, as a bonus, when I finished the novel, I found I'd unwittingly learned some Thai.
0316078913|5.0|David Sedaris never disappoints!  His twisted yet dry humor makes mundane things hilarious.  He's a great story-teller in the same league with Garrison Keeler (albeit a bit naughtier).
B0043GAZYS|5.0|Pure nerdiness as its greatest.  It's a shame this movie didn't do better at the box office.  Hopefully, it more than makes up for it on DVD and BluRay.  It's one of the best movies I've seen in a long damn time and I laughed out loud through the whole thing.
B003XX2PD6|5.0|I am so  impressed with Deerhunter. I first heard their song \\"Basement Scene\\" on a local independent radio station here in salt Lake City. I made sure to scribe what I was hearing and promised myself I would investigate further. I usually don't follow through with such pacts, but I knew that I would be purchasing the full album as soon as I downloaded BS from iTunes. I have a hard time describing the way I feel about this album, suffice it to say that it is entirely enchanting. It's hypnotic and takes you to a place (wherever that may be), not dissimilar to Beach House's Teen Dream. I have a hard time recommending music to people because for every reason I am in love with an album, those criteria may by why another despises it. However, it is important to know good music versus music one enjoys, and I can safely say that in this case both apply. This album is well done, and done in such a genuine way that if you cannot enjoy it you can appreciate it. But if you're checking this out (because it was in the 'you may also like' section, or a trusted friend though you may like it)you will probably grow quite fond of this album. 5 stars may be indulgent, but rather than force myself to try and find a reason not to give it 5 stars, I'll appreciate it for what it is: flawless. You can tell what was intended is delivered from beginning to end.    One side note: I almost always remember an album track by track, but this all blends together so perfectly I just sort of know when moments are going to happen rather than tracks. It is really beautiful. If you are like me, you will find yourself craving these moments. They can be fleeting and potent like the memories  of last night's dream.
B003HLM2QO|2.0|Except for the few melodic moments on this album, it all seems like it's trying too hard to be in your face. TOO Loud, overproduced, and compressed. I will shelf this one and listen to Ozzy as he used to be with memorable songs from his past. Trying too hard to be the \\"Price of Darkness\\", hey, just give us some Rock and we will love you Ozzy. This music all just sounds angry... leave that for other bands.
B003PBB4ME|3.0|I think this item is a cool little film making tool. I am an independent film maker and I am sure I will make good use of it at certain times. It is easy enough to mount the camera and remove it again quickly. The only thing I dislike is the fact that the microphone that fits into my hotshoe does not fit on the camera while mounted on the rig. Also, the build feels a little cheap. Other than that this is a great tool for the money.
030746363X|5.0|This book is great! Easy to read, often times funny and very very easy to apply it's teaching to your life!  I am going to buy Tim's other book now... can't wait to see what else I can learn!
B002VECM6S|5.0|Based on the true story of Michael Oher, but you don't have to be a football fan to love this movie.  In today's age of selfishness, we see how one family opens their hearts and home to a homeless boy and how their generosity greatly alters his life. This movie deals with the barriers of rich and poor, black and white, loving and unloved.  A wonderful cast including Sandra Bullock and Tim McGraw. Great family movie and highly recommend.
B002ZG99A4|3.0|the last rambo and rocky along with the original rocky were 3 of the best films with stallone.... this expendables was not even close... and maybe that isnt a fair comparison... compared to other grade b movies this one would be great but as a hollywood production with big names it totally misses.... and the goodguy/badguy/goodguy of dolf lundgren's character made no sense... buy it used on dvd cheap and it would compare with undisputed 2...
B0031ES8P6|5.0|My girlfriend loves Hello Kitty.  When I saw this on Amazon, I had to get it for her.  She loved it.  She collects them so it isn't a toy.  I think that it would be durable enough to play with and it is really soft.
B001P06GX4|5.0|Our extended family - ages 12-80 - played this game through the holidays and loved it!  Easy to learn - definitely some strategy involved.  After playing, my mom and sister each bought their own game to have at home.
B003LSTK8G|5.0|This book was refreshing to read since it was not written with redundant information that you have probably read in other books about the same subject.  Lewis does a wonderful job of creating the character's personalities early on in the book, which allows him to tell their inside stories regarding this fiasco in great detail. Diving into their personal struggles as they head straight into the run away train of the mortgage back securities ultimate demise.       Loved Eisman's personality, the straight talk throughout the book where he would offend anybody regardless of their stature inside Wall Street.  I have and will recommend this book to anyone who ask about it. When you are through with the book you will have the urge to read it again.  I am not one to ramble on, so you see my 5 star rating and a brief synopsis of my opinion.
B002ZG9968|5.0|I had a wonderful time watching the Back Up Plan.  Alex O'Loughlin is good looking, charming and very funny and Jennifer Lopez was great. And the two of them had amazing physical chemistry.  This is a fun movie and I recommend it highly.
B001IBIHQ4|5.0|One of the best set of DVDs I have ever purchased. Saw it when it ran on HBO and it keep me glued to the TV. Now I can watch it anytime with no breaks in the total story. As a Vietnam Veteran I found myself absorbed with the charters, and somehow gained a brother hood to our WWII vets I never had before.
B000JML7EC|3.0|I don't remember having read this before, and I enjoyed the story.  I had a bit of trouble getting into the story.  The language differences from when this was written until now were hard to follow at times:  different spellings and letters replaced with an apostrophe made it hard to lose myself in the story.  I'll give it 3 stars.
B00177Y9ZC|2.0|What if you could go anywhere, at any time, wherever you wanted?  There are people like this - very, very rich people.  They don't have any fear, don't have any comprehension of the worries that plague us all when we travel, or go out alone at night. In Jumper, there's a new category of world traveler: the superhero.<br /><br />Jumpers, you see, are teleporters.  They can teleport anywhere they've seen and they leave jumpscars - dimensional portals - open for a minute or so after they jump.  If you're fast, you can jump in after them.<br /><br />That's all you need to know about Jumper, and that's all Jumper is going to share with you.  There are no details behind teleportation (hint: according to modern scientific theory, if you can teleport you can time travel). Filling the role of villain is a shadowy government agency known as Paladins who have figured out how to anchor Jumpers by lassoing them with electrified nets.  They believe that Jumpers are a threat to mankind and see the ability to jump as religious blasphemy - kind of unnecessary, really, as you can imagine that any government agency would be plenty terrified of Jumpers without all the Biblical angst.<br /><br />But anyway, that's the premise of Jumper: boy meets girl, boy learns to teleport, government agency tries to kill boy, boy meets girl again, repeat until somebody dies.  Only nobody dies.<br /><br />Jumper has to be the most attractively hollow movie I've seen in a while.  Nothing is resolved. Good guy David Rice (Hayden Christensen, broodingly bland as ever) doesn't ever really learn his lesson, Paladin-hunter Griffin (the far more interesting Jamie Bell) is left in limbo, love interest Millie (also bland Rachel Bilson) doesn't deal with the consequences of a romance with a Jumper, and even archvillain Roland (Samuel L. Jackson with crazy white hair) isn't permanently defeated.  The big reveal about Rice's past has no impact on the plot at all since it's revealed in the last five minutes of the film.<br /><br />And that's a shame.  Jumpers are weird folks.  They don't need to worry about money, or responsibility, or fear of death.  They just jump away to some other place.  Do that enough and you start to get a little weird.  A relationship for a Jumper has to be quite strange, especially with someone who can't jump - I imagine Jumpers regularly order food and never pay for it, steal clothes and just walk out of the store, and travel all over the globe at a whim...but there only hints of any of this in Jumper.  The film is made up almost entirely of admittedly breathtaking special effects.<br /><br />There's a reason so many reviewers keep asking for a sequel.  Jumper's barely a prologue. For all of its kinetic energy, Jumper's plot sure doesn't move much.Jumpers are weird folks.  They don't need to worry about money, or responsibility, or fear of death.  They just jump away to some other place.  Do that enough and you start to get a little weird.  A relationship for a Jumper has to be quite strange, especially with someone who can't jump - I imagine Jumpers regularly order food and never pay for it, steal clothes and just walk out of the store, and travel all over the globe at a whim...but there only hints of any of this in Jumper.  The film is made up almost entirely of admittedly breathtaking special effects.    There's a reason so many reviewers keep asking for a sequel.  Jumper's barely a prologue. For all of its kinetic energy, Jumper's plot sure doesn't move much.
0316017922|3.0|I enjoyed this book, but I think it's hard to see how to really use the information presented. I was hoping to be able to gain insight from the success stories that I could use in my own career and passions. The biggest takeaway is the importance of hard work (see the 10,000 hour rule, e.g.). But Gladwell shows that privilege and luck play a crucial part in the success of the outliers he studies. It's interesting, and Gladwell seems to be attempting to move the discussion of what makes success to a broader scale, instead of simply focusing on individual work and achievement.<br /><br />This is worth a read, but I don't see myself going back to it very often.<br /><br />(I read an eBook version of this title, that I checked out from my local library.)
B0001ARCFA|5.0|Yes, they sound amazing. From the lowest of low's, to the highest of high's. You can hear them all, literally. The volume is all the way up on my macbook, and they are clear as a whistle. Don't let the $99 dollar price fool you. They are just as good as a $300 set of headphone's. Get them, you won't regret it. I promise.
B003ZHQVJO|5.0|This CD is awesome, I love every single song on it...Kid Rock is amazing on this CD  This CD is really worth buying, and it was cheap through Amazon.com  if you like KID ROCK, you wont regret it....
1594202842|5.0|I had parents growing up who raised me in a similar fashion as the author raises her children. My parents were immigrants, set in their \\"old-school\\" ways and mentalities. My parents worked 12 hour days to support three of us but they always made clear their high standards and expectations as their children and as students. As a child I was somewhat resentful, but as an adult I see that my parents wanted me to be the very best at what I do.... and I mean better than everyone else. What is so wrong with giving your child a competitive edge? A drive and ambition? This country is spiraling down the toilet because of coddling and complacency. I applaud Chua for her honest book that made me feel at home. Because of the traditional manner in which I was raised, I am the success that I am today (a PhD, a fulfilling and happy marriage, a good income, and an occupation that positively changes lives). What ever happened to wanting to be the best at everything that you do?
0307272702|4.0|This book is a review of research on fat, diabetes, and weight loss.  Taubes is a journalist and science writer with an interest in weight control and diet.  In this book, he argues that it's carbohydrates, not calories that are responsible for making us fat.  The first part of the book reviews a great variety of research on weight gain and weight loss that all points to the conclusion that controlling calories is not a successful strategy for controlling weight.  In the second part of the book, Taubes discusses some of the physiology of fat, and he argues that high fat-low carb diets are optimal for human health.  End material includes suggestions for a low carb diet from the Lifestyle Medicine Clinic at Duke University Medical Center, and extensive footnotes for references to source materials.<br /><br />I found Taubes' arguments that carbohydrates, not calories, build fat quite intriguing.  Certainly, by the end of the first section of the book, in which Taubes reviews so much research about diets, I began to wonder whether calories really matter.  Certainly, his discussion of the physiology of fat is clear and quite plausible.  But Taubes argues that this is the entire story, controlling carbs is the only possible way to lose weight, and that seems to fly in the face of my own experience.  I was able to lose weight on an unlimited raw food diet, where the bulk-to-calorie ratio was high enough that I could feel full, yet decrease my calorie intake.  My husband lost weight by replacing one meal a day with unlimited amounts of fresh fruit, again replacing calories with bulk.  Both of these successful diets were low fat, high carb since they included so much fructose from fruit.  And then we just heard about Mark Haub's Twinkie diet, where he both lost weight and improved his blood makeup by eating an extremely high carb diet with limited calories.  Certainly, Haub's diet wasn't sustainable, but it does put into question Taubes' claim that calories have nothing to do with weight loss.  Taubes would probably counter that weight loss on a high carb diet is only temporary, but in my own case, the weight has stayed off for over 3 years.  During my raw food diet, I broke the addictions I had to certain unhealthy foods, and now while I follow a regular diet, I no longer have any interest in those foods that once added so many needless calories to my day--the diet was successful because it promoted a lifestyle change.  This book presents many interesting theories, but at most, it is only part of the story of fat, not the sum total.eight loss.  Taubes would probably counter that weight loss on a high carb diet is only temporary, but in my own case, the weight has stayed off for over 3 years.  During my raw food diet, I broke the addictions I had to certain unhealthy foods, and now while I follow a regular diet, I no longer have any interest in those foods that once added so many needless calories to my day--the diet was successful because it promoted a lifestyle change.  This book presents many interesting theories, but at most, it is only part of the story of fat, not the sum total.
0061703087|5.0|This book is a slice of amazing between two covers! Michael Crichton is a true master of suspense. It kept you interested from beginning to end.
B0034G4P7Q|4.0|Warning: This is a long review. If you want the skinny on the film in short you might want to read a different review.<br /><br />David Fincher's \\"The Social Network\\" stands at the front rank of films up for Academy Awards this year. Whether or not you feel it deserves to be there will be up to you. Certainly \\"The Social Network\\" could easily have been made for, say, HBO or Showtime as an original movie and worked just as well. What resonates after the film is over is how in creating a social network online the founders of Facebook manage to dismantle their own friendship, loyalty and sense of trust to use as building blocks for their billion dollar empire.<br /><br />A probing, intelligent film that digs into the ties of friendship and how greed can unraval them, \\"The Social Network\\" works surprisingly well even despite the talky script by \\"The West Wing\\" creator Aaron Sorkin. Sorkin's rapid fire dialogue works best when delievered by actors who can make it seem as if it comes from their characters and the cast brings these people to life for us on screen. Based on the book THE ACCIDENTAL BILLIONAIRES by Ben Mezrich, Fincher's film creates a surprising amount of suspense given that the outcome is telegraphed upfront.<br /><br />Jessie Eisenberg (\\"Zombieland\\")plays Mark Zuckerburg as if Zuckerburg suffers from a mild form of Asperger's Syndrome (which is ironic given the title of the film AND the fact that the character helps create Facebook); he's socially awkward and honestly can't read the emotions of others. Andrew Garfield plays the other major focus on the film plays his partner and co-founder of Facebook Eduardo Saverin who ultimately is forced out by Zuckerburg in a power play engineered by Napster founder Sean Parker (Justin Timberlake in an equally compelling performance). Director Fincher's ploy of telling both the founding of Facebook and the legal face off between the founders (and others)via alternating scenes keeps us in suspense as we see Zuckerburg, Saverin and Parker plan and execute their elaborate dance of betrayal.<br /><br />Kudos should also be given to actor Armie Hammer who seamlessly and convincingly plays twins Tyler and Cameron Winklevoss. Hammer gives a truly convincingly performance and if you didn't know they were played by the same actor you'd swear you were watching two different people playing two different roles. Director Fincher does a terrific job of helping to sell this illusion with many of his shots.<br /><br />The main flaw of the film is how Sorkin brackets the founding of Facebook with the scenes of the legal deposition of those suing Zuckerburg. While some of these scenes provide an interesting contrast to what \\"really happened\\", they are also a bit too dry and concrete especially compared to the scenes that show the often elusive motivation of all of those involved. Sorkin also simplifies the story to negative effect (much how \\"A Brilliant Mind\\" was simplified by screenwriter Avika Goldsman to the detriment of that film)using a cleverly structured screenplay to try and make up for the shortcomings of the script when it comes to the motivation of the characters.Fincher (and Sorkin) compensates somewhat by not completely painting any of the characters as truly good or bad allowing some wiggle room for interpretating their actions by the audience.<br /><br />The Blu-ray looks quite nice with a sharp transfer which all the more remarkable given how dark many of the scenes are in the movie. The 5.1 Lossless soundtrack creates a convincing environment putting you sonically in the world of the film.<br /><br />For those interested in the extras on the Blu-ray we get the following; two commentary tracks (I haven't listened to both completely yet but did dip into each one at different points throughout the movie)with Fincher providing an interesting commentary track pointing out the flaws in his film and defending them at the same time. Sorkin also provides a commentary track with some of the cast focusing more on the nuts and bolts of the script and the performances.<br /><br />The second disc features a feature length documentary on the making of the film, an interactive featurette allowing viewers to listen to an early version of composer Trent Reznor's score and a multi-angle allowing viewers to examine one sequence from the movie. The disc is BD-Live enabled as well.<br /><br />Is \\"The Social Network\\" overrated by critics? That's hard to judge. It's certainly flawed but still powerful. The early buzz for films like this often create unrealistic expectations for the audience and, as a result, damage the impact of a film. What the film does well is provide us with a glimpse into the blossoming of a revolutionary idea and how greed/betrayal creates an antisocial toxic environment that eats at friendship. The powerhouse performances of the actors in the film make \\"The Social Network\\" more than an ordinary film.t and the performances.    The second disc features a feature length documentary on the making of the film, an interactive featurette allowing viewers to listen to an early version of composer Trent Reznor's score and a multi-angle allowing viewers to examine one sequence from the movie. The disc is BD-Live enabled as well.    Is \\"The Social Network\\" overrated by critics? That's hard to judge. It's certainly flawed but still powerful. The early buzz for films like this often create unrealistic expectations for the audience and, as a result, damage the impact of a film. What the film does well is provide us with a glimpse into the blossoming of a revolutionary idea and how greed/betrayal creates an antisocial toxic environment that eats at friendship. The powerhouse performances of the actors in the film make \\"The Social Network\\" more than an ordinary film.
0316098337|5.0|I finished \\"Room\\".  I was driving home from Barnes and Noble, on Lincoln Avenue.<br />It hit me, I cried, I was sad, angry, and realized how one human being could be<br />so demonic, a rapist, unloving - beyond words, didn't even accept Jack, as<br />a human being, and worse yet, his own son.  The unconditonal love of his Ma.  She<br />was able to keep, herself and Jack sane. Jack did not know anything beyond the four<br />walls, and skylight. This was his world. He knew love, and he knew Jesus.  In some<br />way, this novel seems, like it in some way,  could have been a true story.  Today, the day after I finished the book, freedom and what I take for granted, is different. Prepare yourself, this is not light reading, by any means. I do recommend \\"Room\\". I live in a cloister, at my own choosing - it is not a room 11 by 11 feet. My community is ca. 94 monks. I remember some 42 years ago, after being<br />in the monastery, I was at an intersection, I was amazed by all the noise, and<br />seeing people, and I realized what I hadn't experienced for sometime. The book was for me, shocking,  but also a rising from the dead, so to speak. I am so glad, that I chose to read ROOM, Jack and his Ma, will be on my mind, for a while, it is meant to be. As silly, as it sounds, a song that is in my head, at this moment, is<br />\\"You are always on my mind\\"......Jack and Ma, you are on my mind....and it is good.
B002WCLG48|1.0|DO NOT BUY THIS MOVIE ITS TOTAL JUNK!      This movie is terrible ESPECIALLY if your a big Halo fan. First off I was excited, but when I found out it was going to be Anime I wasn't as encouraged to watch it, I bit my tongue and watched it anyway. I was right, not only is it poorly done even by Anime standards but it makes a mockery of the whole series of games by making it some cheesy half witted group of scatter brained mini series'. Just the whole Spartan 1339 part was typical corny Anime junk like Pokemon and all the other poppy junk. Spartans are genetically engineered killing machines not crazed idiotic contortionists. This movie way under shot its mark and took the \\"Bad ass\\" quality of Halo and the whole battle riddled world the Spartans defend, and made it cute and cuddly land of stupidity with pet dinosaurs and Covenent Samurai sitting at their dinner tables conversing with there wives over a cup of tea before teaching at their Dojo... seriously thats whats in the movie.      I can't stress enough that actually watching this made me even more angry with Microsoft. If your going to just throw funding away for a piece of crap like this movie, why not make an actual movie that's not garbage. Your better off holding on to the dream of \\"maybe someday they'll make a movie and its going to be awesome!\\" rather than have it obliterated by this movie.
B004498KPU|5.0|I recommend this to anyone who even just likes MJ.  The bonus dvd alone was worth the price  5 stars
B000JMKO3C|4.0|Me gusto mucho y me hizo pensar mas.....Ademas arendi sobre enfermedades mentales q muchos padecemos y creemos son normales como la amargura (vitriolo) q vemos en tantas personas.
B001QOOCTE|5.0|this is a great cd.  we have a lot of talented people out here that do not get recognized.  this is a great way to show people.  i love this cd and i would urge everyone to purchase it.  i play it all the time.
B0031YJFCQ|3.0|I won't review the story, there are so many reviews available here.  Just will give my thoughts...as in who actually wrote it?  It didn't feel or read like Larsson in the first two books, lacked the suspense, descriptions, drama and curiosity that locked you in, and after awhile, it strikes you that maybe Larsson didn't write it at all.<br /><br />It seems to be a compilation of various rough drafts Larsson put together by someone very familiar with the story, but lacked his prose style and talent.  Of course you have to read it if you read the first two books, just don't expect the same ride.<br /><br />If there is a fourth book, I feel it will be much like this one, although I don't see how a fourth book could be written since the story seemed to end with this third...maybe that was intended since he died before he could continue the series.  I was disappointed with the ending, like it was cut short, like a movie than ran out of money.
B00335EQ0E|5.0|Sure johnny depp was in the new one and a cute girl playing alice, but this movie is a trip beyond trippyness, and there's nothing that can take from that. It's like watching a crazy dream
B003UBTX6S|4.0|Instead of getting better as the series progressed Beautiful Darkness took a giant leap backward. In BC Lena and Ethan were madly in love. Now that Lena runs off with Ridley totally ruins the romance I thought would happen.<br />Nope that was so not going to happen. Ethan is still in love with Lena but of course Lena is unsure of what will happen with their relationship since Casters and Mortals can't be together.<br />The rest you can figure out when you read it for yourself.
B002JVWQSW|5.0|This show is so smart, funny; no, HILARIOUS!  I can be in the worst mood of my life, and I pop in one of these magical discs and it is an instant pick me up. I would recommend  this show to anyone with a pulse.  The show is so relatable because the cast is so diverse. Also, the cast works so amazingly well together, even the children cast on the show, are impeccable! So, if you haven't caught on yet...do yourself a favor and pick this one up today!!!!
B003XF1XOQ|4.0|I read this entire trilogy in a weeks time. I just couldn't put it down. I fell in love with the characters and their stories, although I did get a little frustrated with Katniss' indecision in the this book.     A great read and a good story!
B003FK8V7G|4.0|First album I've listened to by them... Extremely impressed with lyrics and rawness - reminds me of The Boss's old stuff.
B000HT3PPG|5.0|I was so glad that this selection has the original black & white version on it. It allows you to see the original black & white or has it in color. I got the updated DVD a few years ago & was disappointed that it was not the same as I remembered it.
B001CGJ3QS|2.0|Wilhelm Kempff is a name to respect and a pianist to respect. At the same time the musical standards have risen in the last decades, both in musical and technical regard. After listening to the Beethoven performances by Ronald Brautigam on 'fortepiano' and the technical bravura of Pollini I was curious to hear an interpretation of one of the old 'masters'.  Just for a start I took Opus 10 Nr. 3 (in D major) and I was amazed to hear so much carelessness and technical deficiency, as if a piano student was practising this sonata. May be I was wrong, so I took my Henle Verlag and followed the music. Just some examples: bar 12, 31, 75, 213 etc no Sf where it has a significant musical meaning, bar 16 strange staccato first D major chord, same ugly endings of musical phrases at many more places, bar 54 and further portato where is written legato for a quite different musical expression, bar 231-232 extremely messy piano playing, and so on.  Well, may be Mr. Kempff was not very much interested in these early piano sonatas, so I tried the 'pièce de résistance' for every Beethoven player, the Hammerklavier Sonata Op. 106, last part: Allegro risoluto. After some pages I gave up; compared with the above mentioned pianists (and of course nowadays there are many more) it was almost embarrassing to hear so much struggling with so many notes. It made it hard to enjoy the music any longer.   I tried some other sonatas, but in spite of all my respect for Mr. Kempff I encountered too much slovenliness. His interpretations of the Beethoven sonatas don't convince me: in my ears this kind of piano playing is outdated, technically and musically, like the playing of Backhaus, Rubinstein, Horowitz and other 'great masters'. There is no doubt that they have been great but times have changed, standards have risen and nowadays I listen with much more pleasure to the technical AND musical skills of younger generations.
B0041T4ONU|5.0|When I picked up this book, I was already familiar with the estimable works of Maureen Johnson and an avid Nerdfighting follower of John Green. I'd read a short story written by Myracle in First Kiss Then Tell, which was crazy funny, and my sister had been a fan in her younger years. So needless to say, I expected Let It Snow to be an enjoyable read.    It was not at all what I expected. Right off the bat, I was thrown by Johnson's female lead Jubilee and the surprises lasted throughout the course of her wild journey in Gracetown. John Green's story was just as hilarious as I hoped, with Tobin and the Duke and JP providing laugh after laugh. Lauren Myracle brought a girl we had heard about from Johnson's story to life in the last story in a completely unforgettable way. I'm not going to spoil anyone by revealing any significant details, but I will say that as soon as I read this book, I immediately gave my copy to my mother for her to read and bought 3 copies from Amazon.com to give as Christmas gifts to my friends. Let It Snow is just that good.    At no time when reading it did I feel that details were lacking or that the jump from author to author was choppy. More importantly, the style of each author works well with the others. Myracle, Johnson, and Green compliment each other in ways that not all authors do. Each story can be a stand-alone tale with a charm all its own, but the combined effort of the authors in producing these stories enhanced the overall work, rather than diminishing it. Together, they pack a real literary wallop!       If you're mulling over buying this book, don't bother. Just go for it! You won't regret it.
B002MQYOFW|5.0|I LOVED The Hunger Games trilogy!    I definitely recommend it! But be prepared to not want to put them down.
B00003CXRM|5.0|Was at a movie on vacation one afternoon in Alberta and since it was a weekday, I was one of an audience of three to see this movie that I had never heard of.  Only minutes into the movie, I couldn't believe how lucky we were to be there, witnessing this marvel of casting, fun, action, music, nostalgia.  I just didn't want it to finish.  Of course, I had to have this DVD to add to my collection so I can enjoy it again over & over.
B003TSEL7S|5.0|I was suprised this book was as good as the original series. I thought nothing could beat the original series! This is a definate must read and it makes the perfect sequal to the first five books.
B003Y5H4SY|2.0|I stayed far away during its theatrical run because M. Night Shyamalan's name was attached. And the last good movie he made was Unbreakable ten years ago. I decided to give it a rent anyway and it wasn't even worth the $3 I spent. The twist wasn't even a shock because I wasn't invested in the characters or the story. I was just bored. I'm glad it was only a little over an hour long (hour and fifteen minutes to be exact).
0307595579|5.0|My daughter is a Social Worker who wanted Stieg Larsson's books for Chirstmas.  I purchased this boxed set for her for Christmas and she loved it!
B003O86FMW|5.0|I just read the Hunger Games trilogy in a week, and Catching Fire was my favorite of the three!<br /><br />The events of this book caught me off guard, and I really loved the relationships formed, both new and old. Catching Fire is just as, if not more, faced paced as The Hunger Games and I found myself unable to put it down! I really loved this whole trilogy and would highly recommend it to anyone! You really caught up in Panem. . .
B00479SVBU|5.0|After wasting money on several of the cheap FM-Mp3 transmitters I finally found the Soundfly.  Without going into a lot of detail let just say it is by far the best one on the market!  And I've tried several of the other brands. It has a great display and it is built a lot \\"heavier duty\\" than the cheap ones.  Also its transmitter will \\"talk over\\" even local stations, so station selection isn't critical with it like it is with the other brands.  It takes SD cards, USB sticks and has a plug for Mp3 players.  I don't even bother with CD's now. Buy a Soundfly, don't waste your money on the cheap ones.
B000TDXPSC|2.0|i got these and they sound fantastic.  they are modular so everything is pretty much replaceable... these design things are awesome... but the one thing they overlooked... COMFORT!  i am gonna go back to my sony studio monitors.  they are the best headphones ever.
B001DDBCUU|1.0|Without giving away the ending its not not at all believable. Going to the middle east Sam does a few things to upset those who she wants to do business with. The character is far smarter than that. Some of the cloths and sets are very nice but it was a serious disappointlemnt. Not as good as the tv show save your money.
030746363X|5.0|This book is full of shortcuts that can help anyone achieve their physical goals.  It challenges the old mindset of monotonous diets and exercise, offering real, short term actions to take to make your goals tangible and help you achieve them.  This book works, and when talking about this subject, results are what matter.
B0012GMUI6|4.0|I bought this album back when it was originally released.I like it.It's a linear resulting work from Roger Waters.The Wall,The Final Cut,Pros And Cons.A Momentary Lapse Of Reason and The Division Bell are acceptable peices of work that sound like what Pink Floyd should sound like,but they seriously lacked Roger's writing ability.
1594202842|5.0|Based on the reviews, a lot of people seem to lack a sense on humor.  The book is a very interesting and amusing story of cultural differences.  My wife has not been able to put the book down, except when she has felt necessary to read it to me.  The upside is I don't need to purchase the audio version of the book.
B00092ZMDY|5.0|This is as good as it gets ... Eagles at their best!  One of the best concerts I've ever seen!
1594202842|5.0|People who are taking this book the wrong way (particularly those who read the excerpt in the newspapers and not the book itself) are missing the big picture. The book is a memoir, and Chua tells her story no-holds-barred. Her mother is a central figure and her discipline (right or wrong) has shaped who Chua has become. Like all of us, Chua has had to find the good in her parents, particularly the good in their intentions (even when they aren't easy to find). Those who are treating this as a parenting manual advocating parents raise their children the way Chua was raised either haven't read the book or have completely missed the point.     You also get to go along with Chua as she raises her two daughters. They had incredibly strict rules to follow: no play dates, no sleepovers, and two hours a day of instrument practice. You see that her parenting isn't perfect in their achievements: the oldest played in Carnegie Hall at the age of 14 and the youngest...well I don't want to give away one of the best parts of the story but lets just say they had different paths. You live her struggle with a parenting style that's seen as extreme in America.     Even though I'm deeply implanted in the \\"lax\\" Western style of parenting, I still related deeply to the struggles of raising children. The book is hilarious and shocking in places. The kind of book you can't put down. The transformation Chua moves through is powerful. Her writing still is brisk and lively and you're sure to empathize with her struggles and her dreams. The book is striking a chord with so many because it hits hard at the questions we all must answer for ourselves in life: love, achievement, self-esteem, ambition, pride... She doesn't ultimately answer the question for anyone, she just tells her story in a way that's so real and so powerful that you'll never forget it.     [[ASIN:0061543667 I Love Yous Are for White People: A Memoir (P.S.)]] (the title derived from his father's mantra) is another book you'll absolutely want to check out. There are some amazing stories out there about parenting, and these two are told with power.
B001UV4XFG|5.0|I loved this movie! I even got my husband to watch this one and New Moon because it was action packed enough. I have to say that, of course, the books are WAY better than any of the movies. I am addicted to this saga...;-)
1423124960|5.0|My 2 1/2 year old is in love with Disney princesses.  The stories are longer than we are used to but she doesn't care.  I think this is a great book to help transition to books with fewer and fewer pictures.  I don't even mind reading this book like some of the books geared towards kids.
B001P06GX4|5.0|This game is fantastic. Whether at a party or just a quiet family night at home, this game keeps you occupied, sometimes for hours! The rules are simple and easy to learn, remember, and teach. The style of the game means that you will never play it the same way twice.
B0021L8V0M|2.0|If you like action then go right ahead. To take the plot seriously is like having a serious debate with a 5 year old.  Disappointing.
B0028KKB40|5.0|I'm new to the Dexter series and I am hooked!  It keeps me on my toes and often in suspense!
0374158460|1.0|I picked up this book like everyone else after all the great reviews. I am an avid reader, and this is by far one of the most over- rated books I have ever read. The characters are boring and lifeless, and it's hard to get past a few pages at a time. I read a book almost every other day, but this book took forever as it's tedious at best. No subject is too boring for me, but having said that, this was the worst book of 2010 that I read. The characters were actually annoying and unreal. I would not recommend this book to anyone. A complete waste of time
B003Y8YXEO|5.0|This was a gift for my son who is a Beatles fan. This was a good choice to introduce him to Lennon's solo work.
B000PDYVVG|1.0|how did this book sell so many copies?  it's completely meh.  and she's wrecked bali...which is now positively swarming with women just like herself.  it's a nightmare.
B00127RAJY|5.0|This DVD comes with three levels (1,2,and 3). I'm still on Level 1, but every time I do this workout I am sweating and exhausted afterward, in a good way. Jillian says this workout takes the place of hours at the gym and I absolutely believe her. I don't do this work out every day; I try to do it every other day to give my muscles a rest, but she definitely works you. I feel refreshed and rejuvenated and my body is so happy afterward. I also like Jillian's straightforward, no B.S. attitude. She's tough without making you feel bad about yourself. In fact, you WANT to work harder because you truly feel she believes in you. Love this DVD - recommend it to anyone.
B002HFP0R4|4.0|It is hard to believe that it has been 50 years since The Bee Gees started making really excellent music together. Barry, Maurice and Robin Gibb's harmonies have never lost their luster throughout all this time. That also has shown in them not just as great singer / songwriters for themselves, but also for others including Barbara Streisand, Dionne Warwick, and even their departed brother Andy Gibb whom died of alcoholism and drug abuse at the age of 30. That wasn't the only tragedy the trio had to deal with. With the heat and hurt still on the tragic death of Maurice Gibb back in 2003 from a twisted intestine, the Bee Gees sound had deeply ended in unison. But, it is now that golden anniversary, 50 years since the Gibb brothers have delivered their first major hit. Now, not just The Bee Gees, but their brother Andy Gibb are finally in a boxed set of songs that show why The Bee Gees and Andy Gibb's love shouldb't be thrown away. But is it really worth the money, well yes and no.<br /><br />Mythology is a 4 disc box set that spans more than just a generation of great songs from The Gibb Brothers dominant sound. The collection includes mostly all of The Bee Gees biggest hits, as well as a well-documented lifeline of Andy Gibb's music from his beginnings, to his saddened final days. The songs have all been remastered brilliantly and include a lot of great classics from The Bee Gees including their biggest hits from their early days like To Love Somebody and I Started A Joke to their power-packed disco days of Saturday Night Fever with Stayin' Alive and How Deep Is Your Love, their landmark of songwriting for others on their works for others including Islands In The Stream which they've wrote for Kenny Rogers & Dolly Parton, Closer Than Close, If I Can't Have You and I Just Want To Be Your Everything for Andy Gibb. But what does steal the show on the boxed set is Andy Gibb's memory which includes all of his biggest hits like Shadow Dancing and (Our Love) Don't Throw It Away, as well as his never-before released Arrow Through The Heart which was suppose to be for the makings of a comeback for Andy, yet turned into a hard-hitting farewell. The song not only stands out as a debut well, but in some ways takes out some of the Bee Gees big songs that are sadly overlooked from the album including One from 1989, Nights On Broadway, Still Waters Run Deep and This Is Where I Came In.<br /><br />All in all, I honestly was surprised that there were so many classics that should've been included for The Bee Gees Mythology box set that should've been here. It honestly isn't a definitive reflection of the Gibb Brothers' classic sound, but a nice sampler to what made Barry, Robin & Maurice so dominant as a poiginant tribute to their great songs. While Mythology isn't a must buy for new Bee Gees fans as is their 2009 The Ultimate Bee Gees greatest hits collection, it still is a great glimpse into some of the best songs ever conducted by one of the best groups that've ever stood the test of time. It is great to hear them again, but there still was a lot that could've been showcased, like what should've been Andy Gibb's final song it just is a arrow through the heart that hits that a few more tales from The Brothers Gibb could've been documented.<br /><br />Album Cover: B<br /><br />Songs: B-<br /><br />Price: C+<br /><br />Remastered: B+<br /><br />Overall: B-well as his never-before released Arrow Through The Heart which was suppose to be for the makings of a comeback for Andy, yet turned into a hard-hitting farewell. The song not only stands out as a debut well, but in some ways takes out some of the Bee Gees big songs that are sadly overlooked from the album including One from 1989, Nights On Broadway, Still Waters Run Deep and This Is Where I Came In.    All in all, I honestly was surprised that there were so many classics that should've been included for The Bee Gees Mythology box set that should've been here. It honestly isn't a definitive reflection of the Gibb Brothers' classic sound, but a nice sampler to what made Barry, Robin & Maurice so dominant as a poiginant tribute to their great songs. While Mythology isn't a must buy for new Bee Gees fans as is their 2009 The Ultimate Bee Gees greatest hits collection, it still is a great glimpse into some of the best songs ever conducted by one of the best groups that've ever stood the test of time. It is great to hear them again, but there still was a lot that could've been showcased, like what should've been Andy Gibb's final song it just is a arrow through the heart that hits that a few more tales from The Brothers Gibb could've been documented.    Album Cover: B    Songs: B-    Price: C+    Remastered: B+    Overall: B-
1582701709|5.0|I read this book everyday.I gave this book as gifts to friends and my children. It reminds us all of the pure fact that we have the right to Be who ever we want. So much saddness is constantly feed to us that we either forget of never new ( now thats sad) how to be happy. My life has been an adventure of pain and saddness. NO MORE. When I look back now at all the bad stuff, even it that I still find happiness. If you relax and think for a minute you'll feel what I am talking about. I have now read THE POWER and other text and trust me its all getting better. All You have to do is remember that its all yours, THEY can only take from you what you do not value. Love everything and it will stay and grow and breed. Like a fungus!!!!LOL[[ASIN:1582701709 The Secret]]
031603438X|4.0|I've had Life on my nightstand for a couple of months now. I've got some old vinyl (High Tide and Green Grass - the original 1966 release) on the turntable while I try to put thoughts to paper. Now, I wasn't buying music myself in '66 - but my youngest uncle was. I grew up listening to and loving all things rock 'n roll.<br /><br />And really - Keith Richards is all things rock 'n roll. The Rolling Stone's longevity (creeping up on 50 years) is legendary. Just as legendary is guitarist Richards's longevity. Indeed - it has been asked many times - how is he still alive?<br />Richards is known for his excessive drug and alcohol use. I think what I expected when I started reading Life was a tell all book. But I was pleasantly proven wrong. Richards is intelligent, thoughtful, honest and funny. Much more complex than I would have thought. Yes,of course there are the drugs - they did play a huge part of his life, but he makes no excuses for it. It's part of his life, part of his past, part of what made him who he is.<br /><br />It is his love of music that shines through the most though. The beginnings and birth of rock and roll in Britain, the exodus to the US, the players who started it all. Richards was there. These are the reminiscences I enjoyed the most. The 'gossip' is there as well. The friendship and rifts with Jagger are also an integral part of Richards' life.  His relationship with women, his children and his love for his family. Lots of surprising details about the man himself as well. A human face to put with the legendary tales.<br /><br />Life reads as a rambling conversation with a darn good storyteller. And there's always another story after that last one. I enjoyed reading this over the course of a couple of months. I like the pictures included in the book - lots of personal shots as well as band shots.<br /><br />Life has been steadily on The New York Times Bestseller list since it's release. And it deserves to be. Recommended rock and roll reading.
B001AEF6D6|4.0|I first saw Lebowski as the second of a double feature.  My friend and I were a little early for the main show and saw the end of Lebowski, didn't really think much about it.  We saw the main show and i think we stayed for a bit of Lebowski.  I had never heard of the Coen brothers nor this film and it certainly was silly....However I ended up liking it in spite of myself.    Now, years later I watched it properly, from beginning to end...and I've seen a number of the Coens' other films and have due respect for them.  And I think I like this almost the best of all.  I loved Oh Brother, but that was mainly for the sound track.  What I like about this is it's so unpretentious and joyously dopey.  It's blessed with a terrific cast--they must have had a wonderful time making it, unhampered by the pressure of having to make a serious art film.  And the fun comes across.    It's not for everyone, for sure. One thing that did bother me was the excessive use of the f-word.  I'm no prude but really....If somehow that word were prohibited from film making the Coens would be out of business.  Still I'll take that over all the blood and gore of some of their other films.  One missing toe is the worst you'll find here.
B002VKB0M4|5.0|Our family likes films with lots of scenery of Paris and this film did not disapoint.  Script was true to life.  English subtitles were very good and did not take away from the picture contents nor did it deviate from the meaning in the spoken French.  And Juliette Binoche???...ohhh la la...  Thank you Amazon for the opporunity to purchase this excellent DVD.
B001OW5NX2|3.0|With vivid, descriptive prose, Hemingway takes us into the mind of a soldier.  Focused on duty and his mission, our main character encounters love among the carnage, but even that does not sway him from his duty.  Though at times a bit long-winded, Hemingway brings the internal battle of war to the surface.  The self-talk that goes on shows the conflict behind the rough exterior.  We also see the useless deaths that take place because of the uncertainties that come with war.
B003V5PPZG|5.0|This Linkin Park new album is completely amazing and represents a 180-degree flip for the group.  Naturally, they are evolving.  First two albums were great in their own shout and 'f the world' way, but I really love this album.  Iridescent, when they come for me, waiting for the end...every song is amazing:  the sounds / the lyrics / even the interludes of martin luther king jr. etc.
B0000VCZKW|5.0|The movie arrived quickly and was in great shape. my grandson loves this movie, so glad i could find him a copy. would buy from this seller again.
B000NHG7BG|2.0|\\"Donnie Brasco\\" is a crime drama based upon a true story; an undercover agent infiltrates the mafia and becomes friends with a hit man.  This 1997 movie stars Anne Heche, James Russo, Rocco Sisto, Brian Tarantina, Robert Miano, Zeljko Ivanek, Bruno Kirby, Michael Madsen, Johnny Depp, and Al Pacino.  It is rated R for the language, and for the violence - but not because of nudity.  I've seen more nudity on TV commercials.<br />Basically, the story is more about keeping secrets and betrayal - which have definitive consequences on the mafia side of the street.  I bought the extended cut version so I could get more meat out of the viewing.  All I got was tripe.<br />For all the star power this movie has, it fell short.  If Hollywood makes another movie like this and it gets rave reviews as being all that and a bag of potato chips oh snap, then I won't trust any movie critic I don't know personally because somebody was bought off who said this was great.  There is no feel for this being a drama about the mafia underworld, and the violence could be cut out by removing five  minutes of the show.  It's two hours and seven minutes long.  It could stand five minutes taken out.  Then dub in politically correct and acceptable language like they do when it goes on TV, and this movie could be rated PG.  \\"Donnie Brasco\\" has all the excitement of a trip to the grocery store for a gallon of milk and a pack of cigarettes.  Al Pacino and Johnny Depp are two of my favorite leading men actors, but this movie isn't one of their better efforts.  I just can't say I recommend this film and still respect myself.  I was going to just for the laughs of knowing how upset somebody would get who decided to trust my recommendation.  But I'll be honest - forget about it.
B002NZK5VY|4.0|Hugh Grant and Sandra Bullock are excellent in this charming romantic comedy.  Bullock is a lawyer who fights for what she believes in, but somehow agrees to be hired by Grant, who runs the type of firm that Bullock is always trying to stop.  Their witty banter is hilarious, and Hugh really fits his role.  One exchange starts with Bullock expressing, \\"You are the most selfish person on the planet!\\", and Hugh responds, \\"Now that's just silly, have you met everyone on the planet?\\". You can almost picture Hugh Grant saying those words, and it's writing like this that make this such an extremely popular movie.<br /><br />You don't feel like the movie drags on, which is not always a given with movies over 90 minutes (this one is 101 minutes long).<br /><br />I bought this movie for my wife because it was on her Christmas list.  She is a huge fan of stars like Cary Grant and movies such as It's a Wonderful Life', which we now watch every Christmas together.  While I would not put this on the level of a Notting Hill or Runaway Bride, it is definitely worth watching and/or buying if you're staying in for a movie night.
0307476154|5.0|The Girl Who Played with Fire pulls you right in at the start of the story and keeps you on the edge of your seat until the last page.  By far  my favorite of the 3 Larsson books!  If you are a fan of Lisbeth Salander and Mikke Blomkvist, you will love them even more after reading this one.  A fabulous read!
B000PMLFRA|1.0|Pretty simple really, I will not buy another molested version of this classic sci-fi adventure. Not much use in restating what everyone here has been saying, I just wanted to add my voice to it's song. Give us the Original Cuts on Blu-ray or you will never see another cent of my cold, hard-earned cash.    Han Shot First
B002ZG98C8|5.0|\\"Machete\\" is a 2010 film with Danny Trejo in the lead role as a mercenary / vigilante style hero against corruption and crime.  I bought this DVD movie because it also stars Robert De Niro, Jessica Alba, Steven Seagal, Michelle Rodriguez, Jeff Fahey, Cheech Marin, Don Johnson, Shea Whigham, Lindsay Lohan, Electra Avellan, Tom Savini, and Alicia Rachel Marek.  Well that, and it being rated \\"R\\" I was hoping for some actresses who make up for not being much else but visual effect.<br />This is a hilarious, over done, cult classic, campy, poorly acted, poorly directed, and extremely lame masterpiece that doesn't need substance to be more than well worth your time and money.  I busted up laughing out loud at this several times and got everything I was hoping for in every category by watching this film.  The hokey FX, the blood and guts, the fleshfest buffet, and I don't want to spoil the movie for you entirely but you'll have to crack up laughing when Danny Trejo uses a very special \\"rope\\" to jump out a window and swing back, crashing into the window below.  The corny dialogue along with the low-budget style sets and directing make this movie absolutely a keeper.  After watching a few movies not worth watching that I regret owning and intend to trade in, it is a breath of fresh air to have my own copy of \\"Machete\\" so I can view this trophy over and over.<br />I recommend \\"Machete\\" as a cure for the doldrums, and encourage anybody who needs a good laugh to view this as soon as you get a chance.  Five stars.  So bad it's great fun.  It is altogether obvious the cast had a great time making this film.
0515141429|3.0|This is the first in the series of Jack Reacher novels, and although it's a great novel, it does not compare to Lee Child's more matured writing with Jack Reacher as the hero (refer to my gone tomorrow review)
B000FQIRXQ|5.0|This was the version my kids wanted because it had Daniel Radcliffe in it (he's ADORABLE!!) and the whole production was top-notch.  Maggie Smith was superb and Ian McKellen appropriately terrifying.  There are so many familiar actors in this version that it's a great introduction to Dickens for 21st century kids.  Don't miss it!
B003HFFVDQ|4.0|This is the flipside to my recent harsh review of We Are the Night, their previous album-<br /><br />After giving up on the Brothers several years ago (after Push the Button,) this week something made me want to check out what they'd done since then so I picked up the last two albums. Their previous album We Are the Night reminded me of why I had stopped listening; it was devoid of the things I loved about the first three albums: a bigger than life sound and catchy techno hooks. It cemented my feeling that they had simply run out of juice, as virtually all bands do at some point. But then I moved on to their latest album Further, and I am forced to admit I was wrong. This is one hell of a comeback, though it's not exactly a return to the old days. There aren't many (any?) intense breakbeats to be found, but rather this is filled with what I always thought was their true forte: bright and colorful sugar-pop techno soundscapes that bring to mind visions of sunshine in a blue sky as you soar in an amphibicopter over a futuristic utopian metropolis, with your robot girlfriend riding shotgun. Dissolve is the standout track for me. I'm really glad I decided to give them a second chance. I might even like this better than the early stuff.
B002LFPAUC|5.0|For British comedy in general and John Cleese in particular, The Fawlty Towers series is really a classic, and we've watched each episode countless times over the past twenty years. We gifted our two sons with the collection this Christmas as we knew they would enjoy having it, and now our granddaughters are begging to watch. It's amazing how we still catch something we hadn't previously each time we see an episode, and, of course, we always laugh. Great entertainment!
1574535811|5.0|The China Study is an eye openner for me. The comprehensive info demonstrated that the Whole-fool, plant-based diet id best for long-term health and longivity. It does not means if you get on plant-based diet, you'll definitelly never get cancer and any other illness. But this is the best, cheapest and easist way to reduce risk.     Some people said, Dr. Cambpell is wrong, because if you eat a lot of high-fact, refined plant-food you'll still get obesity and other desease. But, Dr. Campbell never stated that as long the diet is plant-based, quantity and wholesome or not doesn't matter.    I've switched to whole-food, plant-based food after reading this book, and I feel great. Of course, I still make sure I don't consume more calories than I need and make sure that I get plenty of exercises.
1594202842|2.0|I would not recommend this book because good parents don't need this and it would be disastrous if bad parents try to implement the parenting as described. Read it as a memoir and not as a how-to. As a Chinese American psychologist and father of two happy and successful children I would like to make the following observations:  -There are over 1.3 billion Chinese in China alone. Do you really think they are all alike? I know, as a good lawyer, Ms. Chua has qualified all her statements.  -On the average Chinese kids in the States tend to be perceived as above average because of selective perception; we take notice only of the exceptional kids. Would a mother in Parlos Verdes or Beverly Hills notice a Chinese kid who dropped out of high school in Chinatown?  -Parenting is not war. Relax, love our children, spend time with them and enjoy!
B002ZG98C8|5.0|Robert Rodriguez brings to the screen a violent, funny, over-the-top story of a former Mexican Federale, known as Machete,  who is hired to assassinate a Texas political figure.  The assassination is a set-up, and Machete must find out who is behind it, while at the same time looking at self-preservation. Machete encounters two strong female characters. One is an ICE agent, the other has an operation assisting illegal immigrants, but she poses as a seller of burritos. These two women provide valuable assistance to Machete in his quest to keep himself alive while hunting down the bad guys. The film also contains caricatures of border hawk sheriffs and political figures. The graphic violence is lightened by dark humor that keeps the audience laughing, even while heads are chopped off.
B0046IGOIO|2.0|I own a bootleg of this concert that was issued years ago by Skeleton Records and distributed by an Italian firm.  Because of this CD I knew the Vancouver concert differed in very special ways from the typical Doors' 1970 concerts.  This is easily the most bluesy concert of that run, perhaps because Albert King played with the band.  The bootleg, however, offers only nine songs and the sound is a bit raw, so I really looked forward to this new release that offered the full set list.  Well, like others who reviewed the CD, I am very disappointed.  First, incredibly, the sound quality is far superior on the Skeleton version.  The new version is tinny, muffeled, and thin. Second, the inclusion of the five dead air sound checks breaks up the concert's momentum. Perhaps they are included to stretch the concert out to fill up the second CD.  Third, as other noted, there is no booklet or meaningful liner notes, as you might find in the Grateful Dead's Roadtrip series also issued by Rhino.  This is the second mediocre Rhino Doors' release (\\"Live at the Matrix 1967\\") in an otherwise commendable series of much appreciated Doors' live recordings.  There are still a few more 1970 concerts left to issue, especially the July 2nd concert at the Long Beach Arena, which I attended.  Hopefully these other recordings will receive better treatment.
B003PIUBZS|1.0|This is probably the worst DVD I have ever purchased.  It has nothing but extreme violence, sex, and lots of blood. The story is nonsenical and the acting atrocious.  Not living in the U.S, it was not worth the postage to return the item to Amazon, so I threw it in the trash.  How much demand is there for such garbage?
B00006AFF5|4.0|This is a great family movie. I watch it with my grandchildren and they LOVE it as much as I do. I also own the original animated version and we watch both of them and enjoy both. There is a great lesson taught in the story while we are entertained. It has enough \\"adult\\" humor to keep us older folks chuckling and enough fun for the kiddies to keep them laughing too. I think the kids get the message that Christmas isn't just about the decorations and gifts but about sharing it with the people they love. Dr. Seuss was a master story teller and having his story presented in this wonderful holiday movie is a way I really enjoy spending quality time with the little ones!
B0038M2AZA|5.0|The true story of an autistic woman who graduated from ASU and developed ideas on how to properly practice animal husbandry in a manner that was beneficial for both the animals and their handlers.  The film presents the difficulties of a condition that was, and still is, largely misunderstood, as well as a woman who has to deal with functioning in a male dominated industry. The viewer is able to see the world through the eyes of its protagonist, and a virtuoso performance by Claire Danes highlights an overall solid effort.
B004919EP8|5.0|McFly has definitely matured from their first albums. Some fans will not like their new sound, but honestly every band needs to grow, and I would not have bought this album if it had songs about cooking broccoli for their girls again. But in all seriousness, this is more of a pop album than Motion in the Ocean was. That's the Truth is my favorite song on the cd but they are all very good songs. The only one I skip half the time is This Song because it doesn't really do anything for me. For those of you who were turned off due to Party Girl, Shine a Light and Nowhere Left to Run are really the only other songs with that dance-club vibe, but I assure you if you like their other ablums (which you should since you are here) you will like the rest of Above the Noise.
B000089RV6|5.0|This is by far the best rock cd ever made by any band.From start to finish its just straight forward rock n roll.No band does it better or louder.Angus and the boys are awesome and will always be the who every band compares themselves too.ROCK-ON PEOPLE
B0002Y69NG|5.0|I ordered this for my bf for Christmas and was surprised at how fast it got delivered.  It arrived within 3 days and was in perfect condition.  It was definitely the perfect gift!
030746363X|5.0|I'm a fitness professional and I love the fact that there are so many great people that tim talked to in making this book. Love the self experiment part as well.
B003EI2EH2|5.0|I got the book right before Christmas.  On Jan 2, 2010, I started the diet with my daughter.  We love the diet!  So far she has lost 8 lbs and I have lost 20 lbs.  The only thing we do different is supplement with Vitamins and Potassium.  The first three days SUCKED!  It was definitely worth it!  Saturdays are our carb days and we look forward to them.  I figure if we can't stay on this 6 days, we must be wimps.  Do the diet! It works!!
6305212112|5.0|This is, hands down, one of my top five favorite movies. It draws you in and when it ends, you feel like some good friends moved away. Rarely I get emotionally invested in a movie but with this one, I couldn't help it. I cried even my first few times watching it. The book is just as good, if not better in some aspects. Amazing acting by all the major characters and a wonderful soundtrack too. I ¢¾ it!
0545101417|5.0|Catching Fire on audiocd is great.  I loved the Hunger Games and this book is heart pounding, funny and exciting as well.
B003P2WO5E|5.0|When I first read the samples of this book on Tor's website, I was sadly underwhelmed.  However, soon after I finally got the chance to really read it and was amazed.  Sanderson manages to make philosophical research as exciting and interesting as life and death combat.  Further, his styles and systems, whether of culture, magic or combat are incredibly interesting and unique.  Never does he seem to fall into the trap of having something unrealistic because it's &#34;cool.&#34;  I love the Wheel of Time and desperately want A amemory of Light, but I'll also be anxiously awaiting the second of the Stormlight Archive.
B000H2N6GQ|5.0|Tom Clancy is my son's favoirte author and he will add it to his Tom Clancy collection to enjoy the book for many years.
B003TSEL7S|5.0|I heard about this book from my sweetie (who will remain nameless) and she told me to read it.  Since i wasnt about to turn her down, I read it.  Now his book is defenitaly one of my favorites, I was forced to read the percy jackson and the olympians and all i got to say is if u liked the other rick riodean books you will LOVE this one as well.  I was up for so long reading this book, cant wait 'till he finishes the other books.  =)
B0034G4P7Q|5.0|While I was excited to watch this movie, my wife was not.  She thought this was a typical \\"smart geek\\" movie that would explore how the smart kid made a billion dollars.  We were both left shocked.  This screenplay paired with some tremendous acting across the board, made you feel as if you were seeing behind the scenes footage of the actual story unfolding in your living room.    Many of the other reviewers touched on the story arc and the brilliant writing.  I am most impressed with the acting and the overall flow of the story.  From the beginning scene in which Sorkin smartly introduces you to the speed of such a brilliant mind, to the careful back and forth between Jesse Eisenberg and his counsel - this is a winning movie that should merit some mention for awards.
B00479SVBU|5.0|My CD player went out on our pickup truck and this little unit does an excellent job in allowing us to listen to audio books while we drive to and from work, or traveling. Our local library system has lots of mp3 books and music to download and listen to. Of course any mp3 podcast can work too.    It is really simple to use and I'm using a SD memory card to put MP3 files on and  4 GB card holds four full length books. Then I tuned the player to 95.7 where there are no local radio stations and then one of the trucks radio buttons to 95.7, your done! The sound is really a very high quality with no engine static noise or other electrical noise. It is very clear and my wife likes the fact she can bookmark a place and this allows her to listen to an entire book during the week while she commutes to and from work and never loosing her place in the story.    You can browse through multiple folders with the neat remote control unit and really setup the whole system with it as well.     I will definitely recommend this amazing little unit for audio books and music albums without all the chatter you have on the radio stations.
B003XF1XOQ|4.0|Before you read this book I advise you to throw away all your expectations and be open minded about the journey the character has to go through to get to where the author left her in the end.  It's not going to give you any good feelings but if you want a book like that read a romance novel instead.  This is for people with a mature sense of the real world.    First I want to share the connection I made with the book Fahrenheit 451 and the Star Squad.  These two books are very similar in their ideas.  Suzanne Collins did a great job of creating her own Sci Fi universe.  I absolutely loved this trilogy.      Semi Spoiler... no plot details revealed but some ideas of them are discussed.    The first book was absolutely the best, I could not put it down.  It's the reason why I finished the 2nd and the 3rd book.  I was very disappointed as I was reading the last book because to be honest I wanted it to be a happy ending.  I've been sitting here dumbfounded and thinking about what this last book was about, and I came to the conclusion that I loved it.  It wasn't what I wanted but it definitely got me thinking about why I couldn't put it down.  It was the raw description of what would actually happen to a person had they gone through what Katniss did.  I sort of forgot during my reading that she was only 16-17 years old and that she still didn't have the capabilities of dealing with the things that were happening in her world.  I thought Suzanne Collins did a great job of getting us to love her so that when she fell apart in the end we would sympathize with her and therefore sympathize with people who see the things in our world today.
B0000AOV85|5.0|Great DVD, being a big fan of The Dark Side of the Moon I had to have it. I had only seen the first documentary but didn't think of the extra features which are a great bonus! The only CON is that I bought it in the States and it won't play in my Latinamerican DVD player, but I knew there was that possibility because of that zoning BS.
B0013N3DSE|5.0|I love this film since I was a child and now on Blu-ray is magical! I can watch it over and over and it has so many extras. But I was hoping that by now it would included a deleted scene from the movie that I remember from the movie. It's just after they rescue Robin hood from his hanging. They all arrive back to there place and Robin ask them how they came up with this plan and they told him it was all of Maid Marion idea and Robin is deeply touch and becomes aware of her mutual feeling for him. It is a small scene but it helps to lead you to the next scene. Why oh why did they not put that in by now. Now that we have blu-ray?
1594202842|3.0|I read the entire book twice. As a story, the book is very entertaining.  As a parenting experience, it was obsessive and absurd. Other reviewers go into detail about her parenting. The following points struck me the most:    Since her children were very small, the author made them practice piano and/or violin for 3-6 hours non-stop every day. What's even worse is this - the author would sit next to her children or stand behind them, criticizing them, for the entire practice time. She was there every minute of the children's music lessons with their teachers, taking detailed notes to harague her children with at home. She says she wasn't a helicopter parent, but if this isn't hovering over your children and living vicariously through them, I don't know what is. (Interestingly, the author talks about her super-competitive dreams for her children but later admits that she herself \\"couldn't stand the pressure of competition\\").    The author, who doesn't seem to play herself, learns more than a decade later at a recording studio that a musician's hands can get tired (from overplaying), that forcing and forcing music means the music sounds empty, etc.  But still she keeps on going pushing her children to play non-stop for hours.    Also, she has no intention of letting her children actually be professional musicians.  She sees it as a stepping stone to an ivy league school.    The author seems very narrowminded and judgmental.  She disparages janitors, actors, bowling, crafts, anyone/anything she thinks is \\"mediocre\\". She broadly states that white parents or Western parents do this, \\"Chinese\\" parents do that (her family immigrated from China to Phillipines then to the US). Drums means doing drugs. Not winning first place is for losers.  Her values on \\"success\\" make me cringe - Yale, Princeton, Harvard, Juillard, ivy league school - are mentioned repeatedly in this book. You get the very firm impression that playing Carnegie Hall, getting into Juillard/Harvard/Yale, beinga Ph.D./J.D./M.D. are the only respectable achievements in her eyes. She spends most of her children's childhood yelling at them and pushing them to get into harder and harder programs.  Her home is miserable with tension, including the children and her husband, and she just keeps on ignoring the stress that she's causing her family.     As proof that she is doing the right thing, the author mentions repeatedly that she is praised by other parents on how well her children behaved, and that her youngest daughter used to like to cuddle with her after a harsh lesson. Guess what?  Even abused children often say they want to go home with their parents...    The reality is that her 2 kids have 2 parents who are ivy league law schools professors, and there are rich relatives on each side of the family (as we are told).  The children had nannies, special teachers, special tutors, etc. Statistically, her kids are going to be far ahead of other kids anyway.    Personally, she lucked out with her husband, who let her have her way with the kids. Any other guy probably would have divorced her early on for her obsessive, shrieking, berating tendencies.     She insulted her children often, calling them lazy, stupid, fat, etc., as proof that she believed they could be better. (It would be interesting if a husband said this to his wife as proof that he believed she could be better...). She said that when her own parents did this to her, it didn't hurt her self-esteem. (Later, her daughter yells that her mother always makes her feel bad about herself...)  She withheld food, water, rest, from the small children in order to make them practice more. I wonder where child protective services were?  In Canada, this would be emotional abuse/neglect and grounds for removing a child from a home.  Must be nice to be a US law professor and be able to say, this is how my loving Chinese parents raised me...She's mean to her kids and nice to everyone else.    I like the part where she congratulates herself on having such successful children, although by the end of the book her youngest was only 13 and just started to rebel against her mother, and even her own mother was warning her about the severity of her parenting.  Good luck, I thought, see where they are at age 25, once they're out in the real world. By the way, it's common for Chinese Americans to have a quarter-life crisis at 25, when they switch out of careers chosen by their families, to pursue their own interests (\\"Breaking the Bamboo Ceiling\\").    Perhaps what is really interesting is the fact that her husband, who was raised in a creative, individualized, freedom-filled childhood, is also a Yale law professor. Clearly, his parents' Western parenting didn't ruin him.    I would recommend reading this book for its entertainment value only.  I wouldn't recommend any of the parenting practices.
B000SEIKIW|5.0|Hawking and Mlodinow succeed at taking the most complicated concepts about the universe, relativity and quantum mechanics, and explaining them to everyday people. Nevertheless a lot of the content of the book will best be appreciated by people with at least some background knowledge of the subjects.    A great deal of the book is spent looking back at the history of science, complete with very entertaining examples of how the scientists and philosophers of old came up with their observations and theories. At the end we even get some brief chapters summarizing key points in the careers of the most prominent of them. Someone will one day write a book where Hawking is featured for his accomplishments just like Einstein and Newton were celebrated in this one.    Highly recommended.
B000002KHH|3.0|back to the sound board re-mixians, get it right. sound quality is ok, but volume ups and downs can bum you out. gotta be on the controls, because it sounds like a side door opening at a loud rock n roll bar. if i was using a tube amp, i would be furious. ok in boomies and cheapies, but i would not play this audio cd in da kine equipment, straight up.
B0036V4DGC|4.0|This is a great DVD with great sound, camera work and song selection.     The only disappointment I had (which cost this DVD a star) was the sound levels (or lack of)it was either recorded at or mixed at.    When this DVD is at max volume, it's not very loud.    If you live in an apartment with neighbors all around, that might not be an issue but I live in the country and like to crank my performances.     Great DVD.
B0031N2NFS|2.0|I loved the first album.But this one is a complete bore. I think the only decent song on here is #6. Listening to this album made me feel like I was drowning in a bowl of granola cereal.
B000W00Y0Y|5.0|Since I am not the type to watch movies repeatedly, but I do have a blu-ray player, I wanted to own some blu-rays that were worthy of repeated viewings.    I had read good things about this concert, and caught most of it on PBS, so I knew it was pretty good.    The blu-ray looks and sounds great.  This is Queen at the top of their game.    The Live Aid footage is nice, but I do have that on DVD already, and what is presented here is not widescreen, so that won't get as many viewings as the rest of this.    The interview and rehearsal were fun to watch once, too.    I higly recommend this blu-ray for music fans.
B0042JIL2E|5.0|Imelda May has been associated with \\"rock-a-billy\\"; however, I think her second CD \\"Mayhem\\" is a blend of unique blues, jazz, & rock fusion.  \\"Kentish Town Waltz\\" is a slow ballad and she just recently recorded it as a duet with Lou Reed.  \\"Pulling The Rug\\", \\"Eternity\\", \\"Inside Out\\", \\"Proud & Humble\\", & the remix of \\"Johnny Got A Boom Boom\\" are all great blends of blues and rock.  If you thought Pat Benatar's \\"True Love\\" from 1991 was one of her best CD's then you have to have this CD.  Some would put it in the jump blues catagory; however, Imelda can't be pigeon holed.  Her sound and band are a unique blend of old familiar and unique original, as all but two of the songs on this CD are written by Imelda.  The old standup (upright) bass played by Al Gare gives the band a very unique sound and blend of acoustic, electric, and steel instruments with trombone, clarinet, fiddle (Kentish Town Waltz), and trumpet.
0385528752|5.0|This books works .It is a game changer and a road map to success in meeting the changing world for you understand how to control your self and lead others !
B001HOF8AA|5.0|Imelda May & her band is so unique that it's difficult to put them into a catagory.  Her big hit \\"Johnny Got A Boom Boom\\" is on here; however, the rest of the CD has a great blend of blues and rock with a few slow balads.  The old standup bass is a staple with this band which gives it a great unique sound of old and new.  It's a fresh sound unlike anything I've heard.  In my opinion this is not \\"rock-a-billy\\" although she can do that style with fresh energy that redefines the catagory. If you liked the old Pat Benatar CD \\"True Love\\" from 1991 I think you'll like this.  Imelda has done numerous covers from jazz, blues, rock, and country but everything on this CD is her original material.  You should add this and her second CD \\"Mayhem\\" to your collection.
0316098337|3.0|I can't decide whether to blame the author or the editors for this, but Room is a frustratingly inconsistent novel.  Despite its admirable qualities (and there are many), the flaws stand out in stark contrast.  These issues are made especially disappointing by the fact that so many could have easily been worked out or corrected by some minor re-writing and editing.    Most notably, Room features a setting (the United States) rendered implausible by its author's lack of familiarity with the American dialect.  This is not a minor issue; it is ever-present, and you may find yourself shocked not only by the sheer number of Canadianisms but also by the American editors' failure to weed them out.  This is especially annoying when you consider just how easy it would have been to simply set the story in Canada (or anywhere in Great Britain) to begin with. Are there not kidnappings and sociopaths within the British Commonwealth?  Of course there are.  So if this novel is not an examination of a uniquely American problem then why on earth has its Irish-born, Canadian author set it in the U.S.?    Room also features a number of flat-out factual errors and implausibilities, which are often puzzling, considering the great lengths the author seems to have gone to in hopes of addressing just such issues.  The titular 'room', for instance, has its security features spelled out in detail to erase any doubt that this is truly the inescapable dungeon it's made out to be.  How then--with its lead-lined walls and single, sound-proof skylight--are we supposed to believe that an antenna TV would receive any reception in such a room?  Why wouldn't the room's creator have simply wired it for cable television?  Old Nick went to the trouble of outfitting the room with central air, so why not string a darned cable from the main house?  Throwing in such a seemingly obvious, minuscule detail would also have prevented the book from making the repeated, implausible assertion that the narrator watches Dora the Explorer and SpongeBob on the antenna TV.  Dora and SpongeBob are cable characters!  They don't appear on antenna TV in the U.S. (certainly not during the time-frame that is clearly spelled out in the book).    Lastly, Room suffers from a heavy dose of tonal inconstancy on the part of the narrator.  One minute, he's a very well-crafted, believable five-year-old struggling to think of the proper words for things, and the next he is a latte-sipping sophisticate spouting out words that no five-year-old would know or use properly.  There seems to be an attempt to explain away these inconsistencies by giving a vague sense that Jack's confinement has made him a complex boy, advanced in some areas while stunted in others.  But these explanations feel like a band-aid slapped on during editing, and they still fail to adequately account for the incongruities.    Normally, I wouldn't write such a one-sided review for a novel that does have many positive features.  Room is, despite its faults, a page-turner, especially in the first half.  But Room is not a novel worthy of the ubiquitous, glowing praise being showered upon it, and I wish I would have encountered a review like this one before deciding to buy the book.  I do not regret reading Room, but I regret buying it.  It is an okay read, occasionally gripping, but its many, many imperfections make it a novel that I don't feel deserves a permanent place on my bookshelf.
B001UV4XFQ|3.0|I know you normally enjoy a quadruple-paragraph review, but I like to keep these reviews short.  I mean, I don't have all day to write this... and I bet you have JUST enough time to read it.  So here goes:<br />I didn't read the books, I'm not at the center of this phenom by any means - but I did enjoy it. This is the strongest of the three films though the pacing is as slow as the 2 before it - almost methodical, and by three different directors. It's my intuition that an executive producer or Meyer herself is watching over this incarnation of the franchise. In any case, prepare not to be wowed by non-stop action, but by scenery and political intrigue, and some really compelling character back-stories. And make sure you take a date. You don't see many Hollywood films that actually make abstinence viable and attractive.
6305657947|5.0|GREAT MOVIE AND THAN IT GOT BETTER WHEN SHE WAS NAKED. THIS IS TO REMIND MY GIRLFRIENDS NOT TO BE FAT
1556438850|2.0|Although this book contains a lot of useful information, it has way too much sanskrit.  How difficult would it have been to include the english terms for the poses along with the sanskrit throughout the book?  It seems rather arrogant to refer to the yoga poses in their sanskrit names only.  Very frustrating, especially for a new yoga teacher.  For that reason alone, I wouldn't recommend this book.  I am not interested in learning the sanskrit name for every pose and neither are most of my students.
B003XKPPOU|5.0|How many trilogies can you think of where all 3 movies are REALLY strong, have something new to say about the characters, and keep to the theme of the original? Lord of the Rings, the original Star Wars, Back to the Future are three. Spiderman and Terminator held true on the first two installments, but both delivered weak on the third. It is indeed a rare thing. I could go on, but hopefully you'll appreciate that the Toy Story trilogy is one of the strongest ever made. A triple-threat of Pixar's powerful storytelling, each movie with a unique direction to take the characters, all based on the original idea of what it's like to be a toy.<br />And btw, no part of this review refers to the gimmicky and worn-out 3D glasses, prone to distort the movie if your viewpoint moves as much as 2 inches. The stupid plastic things remind you again and again that you're in a movie theatre, watching a movie, with big, honkin' fat 3D glasses on. It was a good ride while it lasted. Bye.
076790592X|5.0|I loved this book, enough so that I gave it away for Christmas presents.  The outlook of the professor touched my heart and has caused me to take a look at my own priorities.  Mr. Albom is a great writer and I look forward to reading his other works.
030746363X|5.0|There are plenty of varying reviews here so I would like to start by explaining where I'm coming from and what I got out of this book. For a more concise review, skip to the bottom.    I am the type of person who needs to find the 'perfect' solutions to my issues, weight having been one of them. I need A LOT of research before starting anything. I have read all of the 'popular' weight loss and fitness books and articles, and then moved to the obscure and 'cutting edge' ones. All of this research and I have come to one conclusion. This industry can come to absolutely no consensus about anything.     Want to reduce body-fat but not bulk up? Book A says 'heavy-weight, low rep\\" and book B says 'light-weight, high rep.' You log onto any of the fitness forums and all you see is people arguing back and forth over the 'best' way to do things. Whole Wheat, No Wheat, Wheat doesn't matter. Cardio, No Cardio, HIIT only, lifting only. Most of the time they are advocating complete opposite approaches. Add to this the fact that every day there are 'brand new studies' that basically say that everything you thought is wrong, here is what you should be doing.    This industry flip-flops back and forth and no subject is universally accepted. This is very apparent in some of the reviews here. Needless to say, I was frustrated.    Enter Tim Ferriss and \\"The 4-Hour Body.\\"    I started this book the same way I started all of them. \\"God, I hope THIS is the right way.\\" It was, but not for the reasons I anticipated.    Right from the start you know that your in for something different. His chapters are goal centric, and he recommends skipping to the relevant chapters for what you are looking for. Throughout each of these chapters Tim balances entertaining dialog, background information, key concepts, rules & options. You begin to pick up on an underlying theme to all of the sections - Tim's endorsement of Self-Experimentation or as I have come to refer to the concept: 'Do - Tweak - Do.' It is a mindset of working for a desired result, and adjusting based on your personal results. If a section of this book doesn't apply to you? Throw it out and move on. Find that something works better then something else? Do more of the former and less of the latter.    This mindset was the game-changer for me. It has allowed me to really apply all that I can without ever getting frustrated and quitting. I have adapted it to other areas in my life as well. Start toward a goal, continuously observe the outcomes, tweak my game plan to incorporate them, and keep heading toward my goal.    Tim gives you great suggestions, some new (to me at least) and others I've heard before. The difference here is that he is able to give you a starting point and a direction. He leads you there as best he can but always subtly stresses that you do as he did - make it work for you. At a minimum, this book prepares you to do all the things it promises. At it's best, it guides you there effortlessly.      THE BOTTOM LINE:  It's been said before, but the truth bears repeating. There is so much great information packed into this book that if you find value in only ONE chapter, it is worth it. The narrative throughout is refreshing, bringing you from topic to topic. It is a very fun read that leaves you informed and excited about trying the things listed. It can help you identify your goals and gives you a defined game plan for accomplishing them. My Goals? Loose Weight (covered), Reduce Body-Fat (covered), Run Farther (covered), Run Faster (covered). Look through the Table of Contents, if you see something even remotely related to one of your goals - this book is for you.
1926778103|5.0|If you're a fan and into art, this is an awesome book to have! Makes you crave for Darksiders 2!
1427209758|5.0|Just finished listening to the audiobook.  A thoroughly well-done job.  The story itself is great - Sanderson is clearly following in Jordan's footsteps, without as much insight into the \\"evil\\" characters, however.  (It's a personal judgement call, but I prefer it that way.)  And the narrators for the audiobook do a stellar job.
B000063DI8|4.0|i always liked this album. i never really understood the backlash it gets from the maiden fans. what's the problem? it's a great album! is it their BEST album? no. but it's not their worst, by far. sure their are a few filler tracks on this album, but as a whole, it's a very good maiden album. it has all the hallmarks of the maiden sound and a lot of killer tracks.  'tailgunner' 'holy smoke' 'bring your daughter..' 'run silent run deep' and the EPIC 'mother russia', among them. again, not a perfect album, but a damn good one.  most maiden fans point to albums like NUMBER OF THE BEAST and PIECE OF MIND as maiden classics, but even those albums have their filler tracks. can anyone honestly tell me that songs like 'quest for fire' 'sun and steel' and 'gangland'(among others) aren't filler? come on now. those are some weak tracks.  my point is this, every album has its filler and every album has some killer. this album has more killer than filler. NO PRAYER FOR THE DYING is a great album that is criminally underrated by most maiden fans. give it a shot, you wont be disappointed.
B002JVWR9U|5.0|Received in perfect condition and quickly too! I loved it so much that I will be purchasing Season two when it comes out!
B000Q66JXA|5.0|Here's the deal, just about everything you will read in the reviews already published here is true, both the good and the bad. Excalibur is still awesome. The dude that prefers the Sam Neill Merlin, well, there's no helping some people. I mean it was OKish, but put the two films in a fighting pit, I know which one is going to win.    The Bad/Good: Everyone shouts! One must assume that too many hits in the noggin have made the knights deaf. The script is cheesy! Yes, it's true. Bits are also cannibalised from Zardoz. There aren't enough guys in big battle scenes! True. That did bother me when I was in year 9 or whenever watching this for the first time. Ah well, the armour's nice. The armour is too shiny! Yes, well its a creative decision you're either going to go with or not. This is a high fantasy film after all. Personally I love the armour in Excalibur. You will not see another film with so much plate armour. I love plate armour. Nudity! This made a big impression on me in my formative years! Yes, Helen Mirren and Cherie Lunghi were hot back in the day(the later kisses with her eyes open. Freaky!). Merlin is weird! Yeah, well, he is pretty over the top. But then, he's Merlin. Continuity! Where does that spear stuck through Arthur go? That's a good question. Bent swords and dodgy fight chorey! There is a noticably bent sword in the seige of Cameliard castle. Ah well. The fights were done by the Amazing William Hobbs who has done ALL sorts of films of this era and beyond. he did Rob Roy, Ladyhawk, Polanski's Macbeth, the Richard Lester Three Musketeers and heaps of others. Personally I don't think the fights are dodgy but the camera is guilty of getting in too close to see what's going on. the late Nicholas Clay does very well in his fight with Arthur, as he should being Lancelot and all. It doesn't follow Malory enough! Well, it does its best. A lot of characters are combined (Pellinore-Lancelot for example) and Perceval is combined with Galahad and Bedivere. Excalibur is both the sword in the stone AND the sword in the lake. You know what? SO WHAT. Many story tellers over the centuries have reinvented the myth. Hell, even Lancelot is fairly recent addition.    So, if you've never seen this film, are you going to like it? Find out the hard way and watch it! Could it be released today as it stands in cinemas? Probably not. It is an older film now, and must be forgiven some of its short comings. There are some great scenes in this, and for me there is some great magic in this. As a boy growing up in the 80s it made a huge impression on me and I was always moved by the ending. So give it a go!
B0000AQS0F|5.0|By far one of the best sci-fi shows ever made. They did more in one season than most could do in five.
B004CLYKLI|2.0|I am open to reading and learning about others' parenting methods and stories. This book is poorly written and took me about two hours to read. Her methods are extreme, so she will get press, but wait to buy this until it goes WAY down in price.
030746363X|4.0|I would totally recommend this book. It was full of how-to-even-if-you-are-a-total-slacker info, as well. I really like the section layout of the book. I did not feel I had to read the whole thing (and it is NOT a small book) to put the information to use. I completely skipped the parts about how to put muscle on, but I read repeatedly and in depth the parts about getting a good night's sleep, becoming a sex machine, the slow carb diet, and the kettlebell swing! I am going to order his other book, the 4 Hour Workweek, too.
B003ZTQN1I|5.0|The movie and also the Country Strong album...is totally awesome. I was blown away by the talent of all the actors in the movie. And the album is just as entertaining. Great select of songs on the album.
B002WIDRM6|5.0|I love the music by this group and this album is just another example of their muscial talent and ability to capture the emotion in song.
B0040UAYI4|5.0|I never post reviews but this product deserves my commentary.  I have tried other devices (Fragnstein etc.) but nothing comes close to this.  I would say that this is 90% of the PC experience once you install firmware 2.0 and tweak the deadzone.  I play BFBC2 exclusively and my K/D ratio on the PS3 is now higher than on the PC.
B003U0AHBO|5.0|This version of Robin Hood is the best out there. First and foremost, Russell Crowe is outstanding as Robin Hood. It brings me back to Maximus in Gladiator somewhat. It is unbelievable that this did not do better at the box office. I guess another Twilight must have been out at the time. Do yourself a favor and see this wonderful movie.   Excellent performances by Russell Crowe and Cate Blanchett.
030746363X|5.0|I read 4 Hour Work Week over a year ago and Tim's advice has really helped me be more productive and generally happier. 4 Hour Body is Tim changing my life all over again. I've been treating the book as a reference and adopting Tim's strategies one chapter at a time as encouraged in the book. I have to say I've been impressed with how quickly results are showing. After just 3 weeks of following the Slow-Carb Diet to around 90% of specification I dropped > 10 pounds, > 2% body fat, and whipped my good and bad cholesterol numbers into shape. I know my results would be even better if I followed the advice more closely, but this works for me.    I really love that you can pick and choose what you want to get out of the book and that his methodologies are still effective even if you don't take them to the sometimes extreme degree that he does.
B003WTE886|5.0|my son (13 years old) is in love with Taylor Swift.  This was a great gift for him and the whole family enjoyed listening as we played games on Christmas day.
1439153663|5.0|If you have to put this book down, you will be wanting to get back into it as soon as you can.   Easy to follow, good character developments. Great writing puts the reader into each descriptive scene. Recommend this historical novel set in the late 1700s and early 1800s.
0060936223|2.0|Poor writing a lot of the time, with interesting moments.    I went to youtube to hear Patti sing, and was moved and involved immediately.  But in this book the unending name dropping, and the even more unending love-of-Robert stuff... (Robert seemed like a user and a prick)... AND the constant self-lauditory 'we are artists' stuff... made me sad and disappointed.
B002BU0DPE|5.0|I have purchased several headsets over the years.  It's bad enough that I can't watch my new tv, but I shouldn't have to hear their game on the other side of the house. This headset allows the player to hear the game and the other players talking, and the only sound I hear is my gamer talking/yelling at the tv. I think it is a bit pricey, but the peace I have found is well worth it.  Besides, my son REALLY wanted this for Christmas!
0596009208|5.0|This book is the best.    The authors set out to write a book in such a way that the reader will pick up the material without having to fight.  They apparently thought hard about the specific features of technical writing that do the trick....and it worked!  They have colorful drawings, metaphor-like stories, light and colorful pictures, handwritten scripts, and other stuff that make it so easy to understand.  I, for one, have never seen anything like it.      How many times does one recognize the severe shortcomings of convention, adopt the task of specifically correcting them, and succeed.  One can learn the basics of Java and then some, in just a few days.
B003EI2EH2|5.0|The Four Hour Body is Amazing!    A world class book written by a world class author. Highly recommended :)
0307454541|2.0|I couldn't get into the first chapter of the book.  It was talking about cities and places that I have never heard of and in a style of writing that was over my head.  I discontinued reading it after the first chapter.
B0043RSE2M|5.0|esta es la primera pelicula que compro con disco 3D.. y la verdad es que se ve muy bien.. nada se compara a una pelicula en blu-ray
B00006GFA1|4.0|This cd arrived the same day as Amorphis Skyforger, which I paid about ten dollars for. I had purchased Kyuss, Welcome To Sky Valley about six months before this arrived, but had been holding off on making my second Kyuss purchase, as some thing was just not hitting me right about Blues For The Red sun.    So I listened to the samples of Songs For The Deaf and found a copy for 98 cents. How can you lose with that price? Well, if the cd just sits on the shelf and you feel embarrassed about buying it at all . . .    But Songs for the Deaf is one of those cds that is just better than the samples indicate. I listened to Amorphis first, and confirmed that the song I loved on it was the best, so kind of disappointed, I stuck this in. Surprise! Damn this is really good.     You Think has a clear drum opener and a simple catchy hand clappy riff, and then Josh belts out some very loud vocals that can only be described as blood pumping, and the upswing riff is pleasantly hard too. Nice start and seems like a very long three minutes. Gotta love songs that make time stop.    No One is groovy and twangy and reminds me of Kyuss a bit, despite being easier to listen to than most of their stuff. Not as good as You Think, but not worth hating it because it was popular either.    A Song for the Dead opens with nice atmosphere but gets stuck on its killer but repetitive riff.    The Sky is Fallin has a nice rolling riff and a vocal that harkens back to the hippy days; floating.    Go With The Flow combines a super charger riff with another clean vocal.    God is in the Radio starts off like Maxwell Silver Hammer, but then slips nicely into a great guitar part. I like the homage to the mainstream idea of Heaven: \\"You come back another day and do no wrong.\\" It just strikes me as funny, and then imagining the devil slinking about trying to hide from God's voice hammering him with a repetitive slogan. Perfect. God knows all about marketing and repetition, right? Best lyrics on the album,and a nice solo in the second half you won't hear on the sample. Good fuzzy breakdown too. I guess my favorite here.    The Kyuss guitar sound comes back in Song For The Deaf, after an opening that reminds me of the bass part in No More Tears.    Overall, Josh's voice is just . . . Lovely. Sounds best when he tries least! And though some of the vocals are sleepy, the music is very interesting as well.    Way better than holding up a dollar in a wind storm and watching it blow away!    Not sure what he does, but when Dave Grohl works with Josh, things just work. Them Crooked Vultures is a breed of this same species, for sure. But, you won't find that for 98 cents any time soon :(
0446195529|2.0|I've enjoyed all of the previous Camel Club books very much. This one unfortunately misses the mark. The pace is laborious until the last few pages. I understand the \\"peeling of the onion\\" as the plot builds, but several \\"peels\\" are repetitive and boring. A bit more creativity would have been nice. I hope the author gets back on his game in the next edition. He can be forgiven this one.
B001FA0NZ6|5.0|I rate this book with five stars because the book itself is amazing and it is the best makeup book ever.  But for those who really want to use it when applying makeup, I sugges getting the print version.  I own the print version, and absoloutely LOVE it.  But all in all, i love this book, just not the kindle edition.  Hope this helps!  :)
B0039Q7QKE|4.0|This was a Christmas gift for a Trek fan.  He liked it a lot.  It was a good size (looked similar to the size worn in the movie).  Even though the expected delivery time was broad, it was delivered to California pretty quickly.
B0015DROBO|1.0|Not just boring, but REALLY, REALLY BORING!!! I tried to read it twice....once only a few chapters, the second time half way through. Sorry, but if this is a \\"thriller,\\" then my name is Houdini!! And this from one who reads VORACIOUSLY!!
B000W7JWUA|2.0|We played this in beginner mode a few nights ago.  OMG! It took over 4 hours to play! Not as stressful as Monopoly but good grief, it took so long!  Sure it was fun but who wants to play a game that goes on and on and on and on.
B00005JOHC|4.0|If you like well thought out comedy with excellent execution, this is the show for you.  The DVD collection is good with some fun extras and good quality transfers.  This show is a blast with some good serious thought put in to keep you coming back.
B0029O08WA|5.0|I ordered this as a gift. It did make a great gift, but it was not shipped well and upon arrival the case was cracked. Sender needs to ship items better protected from damage.
B00338QENI|5.0|For those who are at all interested in history and/or science, this is a huge eye opener.  The author deals sensitively with a sensitive subject leaving this reader with an appreciation of the dedication of Dr. Guy and other researchers, even though the ethics are questionable.  Of course, at that time in history, medical ethics weren't what they are today.  The story of the Lacks' lives is a disturbing and necessary part of the history of the HeLa cells, and the resultant medical breakthroughs from their research.
0882709194|5.0|I was absolutely delighted to see this well reasoned and logical preface to Darwin's classic.  I HIGHLY recommend it for any open minded seeker of truth.  The leap of faith embraced by neo-darwinist is insupportable by the evidence (I'll only cite the most glaringly obvious: zero transitional fossils (billions of \\"missing links\\", cross geological strata fossils, etc, etc).  Get the book. Do your own research.... and stand back, I'm about to be flambe'd like an expensive French dessert.
B0031YJFCQ|5.0|This book keeps you at the edge of your seat.  It is an awesome book.  I found myself in the car picking the book up to read while sitting at a stop light. Got honked at a couple of times.
0765326353|5.0|I am an avid reader of fantasy novels and have read all the classics, such as Game of Thrones, Wheel of Time, The Blade Itself,   Night Angel Trilogy, LOTR, Name of the Wind, and many, many others.    I have been searching for a fresh new fantasy book for a long time.    The Way of Kings was the answer. Definitely one of my all time favorite books. I couldn't tear myself away from it.     Branden Sanderson's magic systems are always innovative and spectacular and Way of Kings does not disappoint.   The world he has created is simply wonderful, and the creatures that inhabit it no less so.    I loved the three main characters: Dalinar, Kalladin, and Shallon, but I have to admit throughout the book I was just  dying to get back to Kalladin's story.    It was so good I kind of wish he would put of finishing the Wheel of Time series to do this series instead.    Overall, a must read for any fantasy fan.
0307592839|5.0|I have never read a novel with the unique shifting of perspective and time that this novel employs.  I am sure there are a few predecessors, but I have not read one that does it in this particular way.  It is sort of like the movie Richard Linklater film \\"Slacker\\" in the way we go from the world of one character into the world of another into the world of another, like in a game of literary tag. But while Slacker all takes place consecutively and chronologically over a day or two, \\"Goon Squad\\" shifts back and forth in time, to alight upon moments of particular import or poignancy.  The author has the gift that Keats talked about, the \\"Negative Capability\\" for which he praised Shakespeare: the ability \\"to become\\" all of these very different characters and render them each in a way that feels authentic and distinct from the other characters.  Egan is a literary power who is the equal or better of any of her contemporaries.  I am thankful she is here and hope she continues to practice her craft and calling.
B004EQAVHI|5.0|The movie begins set in the 1970's and we are told that life expectancy of people are into the 100's. We are in a British Boarding house called Halisham House, however, the children are not like other children. They are not orphans as I at first expected. They are clones. Children created and raised to be healthy and eventually donate their organs to help others before they reach \\"even middle age.\\"  The story focuses around Kathy, Ruth and Tommy.  Kathy likes Tommy but when Ruth and Tommy become an item.<br /><br />When they are old enough to leave Halisham House, they go to \\"The Cottages\\" until they are called to be donors. There is no need for life lessons as their only purpose is to donate.<br /><br />Ruth and Tommy are still together which leaves Kathy to become a carer, a kind of social worker. While at \\"The Cottages\\" they hear a rumor from other clones that Halisham kids can defer from donorship.<br /><br />The three eventually go their own ways until Kathy visits Ruth during one of her post-ops. They visit Tommy, and Ruth tells them that she had been jealous of their \\"true love\\" and took Tommy from Kathy. She believes they should be together and tells them she has had time to think about how she could make it right. She wants them to get a deferral and be together.<br /><br />They seek out a way for the deferral only to hear that there never was one. Their paths is defined and they must fulfill their purpose.<br /><br />What a crazy world it would be. The viewer is forced to think about the souls of the clones. They are no different than the people they serve and will live the lives they were given. I wish there was more of a back story as to how this type of technology and cloning came to be but atlas, I am left to my own imagination.<br /><br />The story is very thought provoking and the acting is muted and spectacular.  I was blown away by the calmness and gentleness of the children's destinies are laid before them. What a bizarre, scary, sad, alternate world.<br /><br />The movie is a must see and I am dying to see it again with someone, to discuss it in detail.<br /><br />I have never seen Carey Mulligan (Kathy) prior to this movie but she and Keira Knightly (Ruth) were also in Pride and Prejudice together. Will be watching that movie very soon.o see it again with someone, to discuss it in detail.    I have never seen Carey Mulligan (Kathy) prior to this movie but she and Keira Knightly (Ruth) were also in Pride and Prejudice together. Will be watching that movie very soon.
B004EC937G|4.0|Shorty story: If you were to take the snippets Amazon/iTunes gives you to judge this album, I'd say it's not very good. But I strongly suggest you buy the album; $4.99 can't be beat. Once you got it playing you'll realize it's Duffy at her best.
0810979772|4.0|This book arrived very quicly and its fun for a kid who wants to fill in his own diary. It has a few pages of comics at the beginning and some pages with questions for the kid to answer about himself but the rest of the book is blank and is ready to be filled in by the child.
B00009W0U4|1.0|I rented this movie before reading the reviews and that was a big mistake. Can't say how disappointed I was. It's so awful, it needs a whole different rating system. This thing deserves a negative 5.     I now have but one problem: how to get my mind rid of the memory of this movie. If only I could reverse the clock and skip renting it!
B00127RAJY|5.0|We love this workout DVD! I bought it about a year ago and my husband and I have worked out along with it several times throughout the year, until we get sick of Jillian and need a change. I felt like it really helped me get toned after I had a baby. It is NOT an EASY workout, but it is SHORT and to the point. She makes every minute of the workout count, and that makes you feel good when you don't have time to be exercising in front of the TV for more than 30 minutes or so each day. It doesn't get boring right away, we can usually last through a few weeks of it before we have to switch to something else, which is good since its designed for 30 days. We usually do level 1 only a couple of times before moving to level 2, staying there for a few weeks and then moving to level 3 for a week or so before we are sick of her voice. :)
B0044XV3QY|5.0|James Cameron's Avatar is an excellent popcorn munching film.  Action, spectacular special effects, blue babes, and so many other things to mention.  Is this an deep art house flick?  Thank God, no.  You read: It's the Smurfs, Dances with wolves in space, Pocahontas, etc.  I found the film to be original and enjoyable.  There is no one forcing you to buy it or watch it.  My only beef with the film is that the movie studios/James Cameron dole out a regular version, then a special edition, and there is a 3D version coming.  They love to bleed us over and over.  Just release a all inclusive version and charge an extra few bucks instead of making people buy multiple copies of the same film.  And congrats Mormons you got a \\"family friendly\\" audio track, Heaven forbid we hear a dirty word or two.
0316067598|1.0|If you thrill to war stories with plenty of flag waving propaganda larded in, perhaps this is for you, but after reading the first few pages and then some of the epilog wherein the author, Lutrell, takes a large spatula and spreads butter all over the Dubya's backside and mindlessly gloats about how he and his fellow seals would \\"bust their asses for this man\\", I saw the book for what miniscule it was really worth: I wouldn't waste two cents on it. There was a time in America's history when those in uniform could enjoy the luxury of knowing they could safely do or die and not ask why because they KNEW their leadership was worthy of the name. It is blindingly apparent that this is the case no longer and hasn't been for long since. Just because a person, very much including an American, lays his life down for a cause doesn't justify it. That is a lesson entirely wasted on the drooling masses of America who suck everything up from any \\"authority\\" figure, suck it up right off the dirty carpet of ANTI-Constitutional politics in this country. Frankly, you are better off reading Tolstoy's WAR AND PEACE because it might actually make you think a little bit....but if you are the typically masochistic and not too bright person in America now and love to be \\"shock and awed\\" by some people's \\"hero\\" type, then have at it, this book is for you. I might add at this point that Jesse Ventura is likewise a former seal, but don't listen to him, because after all he is now a \\"truther\\"....that is something that Lutrell, judging by the first few pages of the book, will never have the capacity to be.
B001NLL93W|5.0|This is my go to book. I have read it so many times my book's cover is a little tattered. I am beyond excited that there is another book coming to the series and have already bought it. Clockwork angel is another favorite that I am too still waiting for. What can I say? I love me some shadowhunters.
B002SF9YNO|5.0|I don't have words to do justice to this movie, so I'll keep it short.<br /><br />Simply put, this is the most tender movie I've ever seen.  That's all the more impressive when one considers that the overt subject matter is death.  In showing great care for the bodies of those who have passed, we learn about honoring them and the lives they lived.  This leads us directly to the complementary theme of the movie, which is to appreciate life while we have it, savoring our own lives and not taking for granted those who we are meant to love deeply.<br /><br />This movie is profoundly conceived, exquisitely crafted, and masterfully embodied by its actors.  Needless to say, I highly recommend it, but be prepared to shed tears at the end as all the strands are seamlessly drawn together.
0071422943|5.0|One of the most usefull books in Chemical Engineer! Perry's used from beginning to the end of the course. I purchased it from Amazon and despite the flight to Brazil, it came to me in perfect conditions! For international customers, I fully recommend buying it at Amazon.com
B002VECM4A|5.0|Wow.  I bought this movie on impulse recently and have watched it 3 times so far.  Incredible acting.  Gripping story; so well told.  I love it.
B001E7X4M4|5.0|Unearth is in the studio creating their current masterpiece, but this release is timeless as well as the others before it. like several other metalcore bands, they mix brutality and melody at the same time. this album \\"The March\\" is a concept album about the good and evil in humanity. if you like metalcore, this belongs in your collection. it will tide you over until the next album comes out in the spring. I recommend this album to those that listen to metalcore and those that listen to a variety of metal bands.
B003WUYOQ6|5.0|This book explains it all. Why we're getting fatter and fatter despite trying to follow low-fat diets for 20 years. Why poor people are often the fattest of all. Why exercising hours and hours on end will likely do little for your waistline.     This is not a diet book. You won't find a meal plan in here to follow. Instead you'll understand WHY low-carb diets work, and more importantly, why low-fat diets DON'T. I know you're thinking right now: Low-carb/Atkins diets aren't healthy! They might work, but at the cost of a heart attack. No one should follow them. It's murder.     Not so--everyone has been brainwashed by the \\"eat foods low in fat\\" message. Entire industries are built around this advice, and none of it is built on scientific evidence.    Instead you'll read about study after study showing compelling evidence that obesity has little to nothing to do with what we've been told by our doctors, by the media and by the U.S. government.    For those of us who are overweight, you will find this book incredibly validating. The author explains that obesity is not our \\"fault\\" -- it is not a matter of gluttony and sloth. It is eating the wrong things because our doctors, the media and the government told us to eat the types of foods that are precisely the foods that make us fat. He explains why it is virtually impossible to follow low-fat diets on a long-term basis, and provides practical advice for changing your life. It still won't be easy, but at least this time you'll no longer have to starve and want to eat your arm off.    Everyone should read this book. Then share it with their children and parents. Then with their doctors and legislators.
B001993Y2C|5.0|I'll be honest, when this was on TV I did watch it - but - the looonnngggg breaks between seasons and half seasons really took away from the show. Well, watching it from start to finish on bluray over the course of a few months has been an eye-opener. The series is SO much better when you don't have to wait a year to see 3 or 4 episodes at a time. I can now say this really is one of he best - if not the best - sci-fi series ever.
B001N26GFM|5.0|Little Bruno, the son of a Nazi officer, does not understand why the people in his world think Jews are bad. He doesn't understand why a man who's really a doctor is working as a potato peeler in his kitchen. And, he doesn't get why a boy about his age has to stay on the other side of a barbed wire fence and go around in his pajamas all day. But that boy, Shmuel, is the only friend he can find near his new house. Almost every day, Bruno throws his ball out too far \\"by accident\\" and runs to get it, as an excuse to run to the barbed wire fence where he spends time with his friend.<br /><br />Throughout this film, you can get a sense of how much or how little Germans knew about the Holocaust when it was happening. Some had a general idea of what was going on, while others were blind to what their country was doing. On the one extreme, Bruno was almost completely ignorant about what was happening to Jewish people. On the other, his dad and his dad's coworkers were the ones exterminating. Bruno's sister grew to be more nationalistic and pro-Nazi as the story continues, and his mom wasn't a fan of Jews but also couldn't live with the grief that her husband was murdering them in cruel and unusual ways. Because of his mom's sentiments, Bruno, his mom, and sister were going to go live with relatives in Heidelberg. But something happens that gets in the way of a peaceful transit to the city.<br /><br />This movie is NOT based on a true story; however, it is still just as dark and tragic as many of the other popular films about the Holocaust, maybe even more so. Anyone who has liked watching movies like The Pianist and Schindler's List should see this one! I saw the commentaries and deleted scenes too. The actors and crew who were interviewed explained their roles and related it to the way people like their character in 1940s Germany must have felt. The deleted scenes include Bruno seeing the concentration camp from his window, and his maid looking for him. They are very minor parts and not really amazing, but I guess that's why they're deleted scenes.<br /><br />I have two small complaints against the movie. One is that all the characters have a British accent! Yes, most of the actors were of British descent, but it didn't make any sense in the context of the movie! Also, it is a bit unrealistic that a German and Jewish boy are able to meet at the fence all the time, without a soldier punishing at least the Jewish one. Despite these two imperfections, it really is a great movie.really amazing, but I guess that's why they're deleted scenes.    I have two small complaints against the movie. One is that all the characters have a British accent! Yes, most of the actors were of British descent, but it didn't make any sense in the context of the movie! Also, it is a bit unrealistic that a German and Jewish boy are able to meet at the fence all the time, without a soldier punishing at least the Jewish one. Despite these two imperfections, it really is a great movie.
B002ZG993Q|4.0|The American is not what audiences want anymore, no CGI, no plastic bimbos, and no magical guns that never run out of bullets held by macho guys who flip through the air and shoot sideways never missing their target. Thankfully there are still people who appreciate a film with beautiful scenery, an amazing all natural 100% woman and a lead roll played excellent by Clooney of a man tormented by his lifestyle. When people are out to kill you you don't sleep well, you're always looking over your shoulder. This is more of a Hitchcock type drama thriller, filmed in an absolutely exotic small city. I loved it, the woman was absolutely beautiful and it tells the story of an ex spy/cia type guy with a hit out on him laying low and falling in love with a prostitute. cliche yes,but an excellent movie for those who don't require a 100 million $ budget with things blowing up every 20 seconds.... and yes I like those movies too, just nice to see an actual art form to movies still exists  .
B002ZG99G8|5.0|Good music, good explosions, and a mostly attractive cast.  This movie fits the bill for some mindless fun when you just want to see an action movie with explosions and a decent story while letting your brain rest.      If it was the same cast of \\"Losers\\", I wouldn't mind seeing a sequel since the bad guy 'got away' in this one; I'd hope for a better ending than in the comic.
1453624910|3.0|Don't get me wrong.  What is in the book is perfectly fine, enjoyable reading.  The short stories are well done, but are just that - short.  Each short story is roughly around 20 pages.  I was most interested in reading \\"The Bond,\\" an account of Alec and Seregil's first night together.  The first half of that story is taken directly from Book 2, with new content picking up after Alec convinces Seregil not to leave.  The rest of the story is sweet, and slightly more graphic than the other books (ANYTHING would be more explicit than the other books), but I was left wanting a lot, lot more.
1594202842|1.0|Chua's book is full of stereotypical materials about Chinese. It is a cliché. Nothing is insightful. One can write such type of books talking about why Jewish people are good at managing money, and how the African Americans are good at sports. If you are shallow enough and really do not have place to spend your money and time, then buy this junk and read this joke.
B0015DROBO|4.0|Though Girl With The Dragon Tattoo is a bit slow going, it really sets the foundation for the next two books. All together, Stieg Larsson presents a captivating story.
B0045DO8NI|5.0|this is an amazing album! The Best songs are in this collection! And the DVD includes the funny videos like stupid girls my favorite! Just buy it!
B0038M2AZA|5.0|You don't often see this kind of unanimity in Amazon reviews and I'm only going to add to it.  Temple Grandin is superb in every respect, especially Claire Danes as the autistic title character.  (And that is not at all to slight Julia Ormond as her mother, the always effective David Strathairn as her understanding and favorite high school teacher, and Catherine O'Hara as Aunt Ann, it's just that Danes's job in portraying a high-functioning autistic person is so much harder.) Temple Grandin works on every level -- as a portrait of autism, as a feel good story of overcoming a debilitating handicap, and, not least, as a snapshot of the 60s.    In short, a great and, since it never had a theater release, somewhat under the radar movie.
1595141979|2.0|If you liked the first 2 books, im sure you would like this one...i did not.  Main character is a teenage complainer  If you are a teenage girl, i think you could identify with the main character and would really like this book.   The main character Rose is a 17yr girl who gets frustrated at everything. I found this tiresome.   The story has an interesting twist on traditional vampire lore.   The action is good but few and far between.   I tried to like this book...but i dont. I do not recommend it, unless your a teenage girl.    Unfortunately I bought the 1st 3 books in the set.  I finally stopped reading 1/2 way into the 3rd book.
B002ZG980A|4.0|Some have suggested that Jim Carrey is poorly cast in the role of Steven Russell, the con artist whose story is told in I LOVE YOU, PHILLIP MORRIS.  It's been said that his performances are too glossy, too on-the-surface for us to believe him as lovestruck and will to do everything and anything for that love.    I believe he is IDEALLY cast because of that.  It's true that Carrey is not a classically trained actor...he is just very good at faking emotion (lots of actors do that, of course).  But think about one of his most acclaimed performances, as Andy Kaufmann in MAN ON THE MOON.  Kaufmann was a cipher, a man who deliberately avoided showing his real self by faking one \\"public persona\\" after another until he had no real persona at all.  Carrey was pitch perfect. In PHILLIP MORRIS, he plays a gay man who initially lives a lie of being straight.  He also joins the police force, not because he wants to fight crime, but as an avenue to getting access to paperwork that will show him who is real mother is.  (And when he finally meets her, she slams the door on him.  He was the middle child, and he wants to know why she kept her first child and her third, but not him.)      Eventually, he amicably ends his marriage and perhaps over-compensates by living a lavish Key West lifestyle...flamboyantly gay.  He funds this lifestyle elaborate con games.  The way Carrey plays Russell, we're never sure if Russell is actually a little self-deluded and half believes the cons...or is he just so good at them because there's no real Steven Russell inside the body.  This disconnect from reality allows Carrey to jump everywhere emotionally with great facileness but we also never know when or if what we're seeing is really what Steven Russell is feeling.  I liked this.  Does this man have any self-insight, or is he faking everything...even love?    For when he is sent to jail, he falls BIG TIME for a fellow inmate, Phillip Morris (Ewan MacGregor).  The feeling is mutual...or is it.  Certainly, Morris loves Russell.  Does Russell really love Morris, or is he just fulfilled in some way by being loved, and thus will do anything to keep winning the approval.  And does it matter?  They both seem happy with each other.    Eventually, both are on the outside, and the question becomes, will Carrey go straight, or will his desire to keep Morris living in the lap of luxury drive him to further cons?  The answer is not hard to guess, and where the film goes from there is too much fun for me to ruin now.    In reality, although based on a true story, the entire film lives at an exaggerated, slightly fake level.  It's just so hard to believe Steven Russell did all the things the movie says he did.  (Although apparently he did!).  But it strikes such a rich tone that frankly the film is a blast from beginning to end.  Russell has seemingly endless depths of trickery that he can go to...and Carrey plays the role with gusto.  \\"Gusto\\" is a word I seldom trot out...but it is SO appropriate here.  He's having a ball playing a guy having a ball.  And MacGregor is a delight as Morris.  He's filmed in such a way that he practically glows.  He's slightly fey, slightly effeminate...but it never struck me as a caricature.  We DO believe he loves Russell.    There are plenty of plot hi-jinks throughout the film...including one of the funniest and cleverest prison breaks since SHAWSHANK.  It's certainly quite entertaining just at that level.  But watching these two guys absolutely grab the screen is the enduring pleasure.  And yes, there is plenty of relatively graphic smooching and sex in the film.  I say \\"relatively\\" because if what we saw was between a man and a woman, we'd scarcely bat an eye.  But because it's two men, some of the physicality is a bit surprising to see in a mainstream movie.  Carrey & MacGregor play it with nary a wink or a hesitation...and thus their relationship has real spark.  It's sexy and fun and romantic.    The film is too lightweight and frothyto really be great...but it is a wonderfully good time nonetheless, and should be enjoyed by any adult audience not afraid to see Carrey and MacGregor do some serious smooching.
B002ZG98J6|5.0|The product description was excellent. There were no surprises. The delivery was exceptional as well. The price was better than any thing I could find locally. (Dallas area.)
B002ZG99A4|4.0|What do you have when Rambo, the Transporter, Danny the Dog, a Universal Soldier, the Natural, Stone Cold, Sgt. Angel Batista, T-Money, Cordelia Chase, Sir Eddie Cook, Officer John McClane, and Governor Terminator are all mixed together in an action film?  Not an Oscar winner but a lot of fun.<br /><br />This was more fun than playing with my kids' rock 'em sock 'em robots or Evel Knievel rocket car.  Knives, guns, explosions, choppers, and a bunch of middle-aged action heroes that have held together pretty well (except Mickey Rourke).<br /><br />I enjoyed Stallone's performance, Lundgren was great and I always enjoy David Zayas, no matter what he's in.  The blu-ray made the action feel up close and personal.<br /><br />I would recommend this to anyone out there looking for an old style (but with current technological improvements) shoot-em-up action flick.
B002ZG97E2|5.0|We saw this in the theater and my 6 year old had to get it for Dad for Christmas!  It was ordered a little late but still got here before Christmas and the bonus video is cute.
B002NXSRVG|2.0|Well, I enjoyed most of the special effects - melting structures especially the Eiffel Tower (nanomites anyone?); secret bases under the Sahara Desert and the polar ice cap.  But the special effects didn't make up for a mediocre plot, uninspired acting, no connection to the original G.I. Joe premise, absolutely NO feeling of patriotism.<br /><br />I used to watch the G.I. Joe cartoons in the 80s and 90s with my sons.  They were more inspiring than this movie.  And my brothers both had G.I. Joe figures when we were kids.  In fact, my Barbies always married Joes, not Kens.<br /><br />A big problem - I think I will be watching this movie over and over - because I have already forgotten so many of the details that I will start watching it again and be a good way through it before I realize I've already seen this drivel over and over (G.I. Groundhog Day).<br /><br />The only reason I gave this a rating of 2 was because of the eye candy.  I might be older but....
B001F0VHEM|5.0|This was my first Pink CD; my husband got it for me a few years ago when it first came out. I loved it from the start. So many catchy songs, there really are only 2 songs I skip everytime.  They were truly written from her heart. Yes, you can tell that she was very sad and depressed from the break up, but honestly, the fact I could feel her pain thru her songs, made it so believeable to me and touching. I loved it. (and now that she is back w/her hubby and pg to boot, makes it even sweeter!)  There are some sadder songs, but there are plenty of lively upbeat songs...So What, Bad Influence, and Funhouse are my 3 favorites on the CD.  Love Pink, love this album and the greatest hits one I got this year for Christmas too.  If people want  a CD full of bubble gum fake songs that are all bouncy and happy, there are plenty of artists out there who provide that; but if you want songs straight from the heart with catchy lyrics and tunes, Pink is definatly your girl!
0962477060|4.0|If English grammar and punctuation is important to you--as it SHOULD be--you'll grit your teeth quite a bit when you stumble across all the errors in these books; but the author is a guitar player, not a copy editor.<br /><br />The bad news: there is no magical rosetta stone for learning guitar. You really have to practice for years to become a 'good' guitar player. It's a fact. The good news: Fretboard Logic jumpstarts your understanding and gives you the tools to practice better. I think that deserves four stars.
B00004R99U|5.0|Pocahontas II is a sequel to the 1995 Disney animated classic of the same name. The story begins with Pocahontas journey to England to meet the king in hopes to avert an on-coming war between the Native Americans and the English army. This DVD also features a 1940's Disney short Little Hiawatha, a tale about a little American Indian warrior and his little animal friends. Pocahontas II is a great film to watch with children and grown-ups alike.
B00479SVBU|4.0|I got what I was asking for. I like this little mp3 player with FM transmiter. The only thing I wish it has is to remeber where it left before turning it off. in order to do so you have to bookmark where you left before turning it off, otherwise it will keep repeating the same thing over and over. Still I am happy with it.
0143116738|4.0|Great book. Well written and easy to read. The author made a good job in not \\"getting round and round\\" around the subject just for the sake of adding pages to it. And for that I must be very thankful.  At some points you may feel a bit disappointed thinking that \\"it is too late for me\\" already, but the problem is not that the book is bad, the problem is that the subject itself is very complicated to achieve in our \\"tight-time\\" society. The way we already live our lives doesn't give you too much time for \\"exploring the possibilities\\" out there and find our Element.  It has been an \\"eye opener\\" for me, as a parent, be aware of that, so we can help our children to have a better opportunity in their life in achieving the best they can be.  Overall I must say that I am happy to have read this book.
B0040ZA2D6|5.0|The cd was a full success and fast shipped here.  Our son likes the music.     Thank you.
B00474IVGA|2.0|The movie was okay, but the soundtrack was awesome, and i'm not a country fan. I was so eager to buy the album but very disappointed to see that the original singers of the songs were not on this album. The sweetest scene in this move is Garrett and Leighton singing Give In To Me, both times. Love this song, and they're chemistry on scene singing this song was so authentic. Haven't seen a scene this good since Walk the Line with Reese and Juaquin.
031606792X|4.0|Wow! Everyone is putting this book down. Don't get me wrong, it wasn't the greatest writing and I didn't like the way story went either, but I got lost in the story. That's all it was, a story to get lost in. I didn't need EVERYTHING to be described to me because I just saw it how I wanted to see it. My own mind filled in the gaps. If you need everything explained to you it sometimes takes away from your own imagination.    Granted the whole baby thing is kind of weird, but HELLO - it's a vampire and werewolf book. NONE OF IT IS REAL!!!!    Granted there was no epic battle, but nobody died - it could still happen!!    Granted Bella took to being a vampire better than anyone ever had before, but that was kind of the point. She was a special vampire unlike any had seen before. She was supposed to be perfect, she was supposed to be a shield.    As for all you people commenting on her use of vocabulary; this series was intended for teens. It wasn't meant for young adults or adults to read, and SM only ended up going that route in the last book because of the following the other books were getting.    I just want to say that I was fine with the book and enjoyed my little escape of reality throughout the whole Twilight Series. I won't complain about someone's writing when they have a published series and I don't.
B002RSDW80|3.0|Being a professional chef for some number of years I had looked forward to this film with great anticipation and trepidation. The movie proved me right. The scenes with Meryl positively shined, the interruptions with \\"Julie\\" however proved to be an annoying, self-serving, why-is-my-life-so-hard and why-poor-me, all too often interlude. To use the tragedy of 9.11 as a pillar of Julie's angst to get the audience to commiserate with her seems cheap in its reach and diminishing to those that suffered through that tragic heartache. To be sure, if the facts are straight and she did deal with the 9.11 unfortunates, I applaud her for that but who would exploit that chapter of their life for personal gratification? Are the (female)producers and directors of today's films just paying lip service to the great old broads (icons) that came before them or are they simply giving them a left-handed salute? For example \\"A League of Their Own\\" was touching and gentle yet got the point across in a strong, no nonsense way without self pity or moaning. Julie, good for you, you made your 15 minutes but Nora, shouldn't this movie have been more accurately been titled \\"Julia & Julie\\"? That's the way I'm logging it into my library. There will never be a Julie Powell before Julia Child. Period.
B002ZG981E|5.0|I'm sure there will be as many admirers and detractors of this film but without a doubt, this imaginative thriller and \\"The Social Network\\" rank as two of the best of 2010--and of course the huge box office receipts for both these films can attest to that. Christopher Nolan has outdone himself in creating a visual universe that rivals that of the classic \\"Blade Runner\\" and has assembled a fine cast including Leonardo DiCaprio, Ken Watanabe, Marion Cotillard, Ellen Page, Michael Caine,Joseph Gordon-Leavitt and Ellen Page to create a near-classic. The question I ask is--will there be a sequel because of the huge box office returns that this film accrue? Nevertheless, savor this film and also if you have it in Hi-Def, use it as a demo so as to utilize the best aspects of your HDTV and Blu-ray player.
0812975219|4.0|Fooled by Randomness, by Nassim Nicholas Taleb, is a discussion of the pervasive role that randomness plays in all aspects of our lives. Taleb has spent the most of his career as an options trader where he witnessed the random movements of option prices and the not-always-successful strategies employed by his peers. Along the way, he took time to earn a doctorate in mathematics and study the philosophy of science.<br /><br />Here are a few of his examples of the influence of randomness:<br /><br />If you conduct an experiment once, you will see only one outcome. Repeat it many times and you can start to understand the distribution of possible outcomes. A common example is the course of clinical trials to establish the safety and efficacy of a new drug. The trials are typically conducted in three or more phases on patient populations of increasing sizes.<br /><br />Time can work to mitigate the effects of randomness. The price of a stock that is predicted to rise in value by 5% per year with a 10% uncertainty can actually be expected to fall with a fairly high probability over the course of a few hours, days, or weeks. Over longer periods of time, if the initial prediction was fairly accurate, the likelihood of the price rising will increase.<br /><br />Time also works to the advantage of the historian in comparison to the news reporter. To earn a living, a reporter must present every day's news a description of important and interesting events. (Imagine a news anchor reporting, \\"Nothing really important happened today, so here are some trivial items.\\")  An historian has the advantage of viewing events across the perspective of time and selecting those that appear to have had a significant influence of subsequent events.<br /><br />In a situation where multiple outcomes are possible, it is useful to look for asymmetry in the outcomes. For example, if a stock is expected to rise with a probability of 60% and an average increase in price of $1 and to fall with a probability of 40% with an average decrease in price of $2, the expected payoff is .60 x $1 + .40 x $2 = -$0.20. Thus, it pays to bet on the less likely outcome, i.e., that the stock falls.<br /><br />Taleb's conclusion is something to the effect of: Don't confuse success with capability or understanding. This mirrors one of my favorite quotes: Oliver Cromwell, prior to attacking the Scottish Presbyterian Army during the Civil War in Britain, wrote to his opposite number, \\"I beseech you, in the bowels of Christ, to consider the possibility that you may be wrong.\\"in price of $2, the expected payoff is .60 x $1 + .40 x $2 = -$0.20. Thus, it pays to bet on the less likely outcome, i.e., that the stock falls.    Taleb's conclusion is something to the effect of: Don't confuse success with capability or understanding. This mirrors one of my favorite quotes: Oliver Cromwell, prior to attacking the Scottish Presbyterian Army during the Civil War in Britain, wrote to his opposite number, \\"I beseech you, in the bowels of Christ, to consider the possibility that you may be wrong.\\"
B00127RAJY|5.0|Saw results in the first 2 weeks.  It's a tough workout but you really feel like it is working and you can see improvement almost immediately.  Only issue is that the cardio portion is not enough cardio for people that want to lose more than 10 lbs.
B000H6SXMY|5.0|Although used, the set was in perfect condition!  All of the discs have functioned as though brand new!  The set arrived well before Christmas, quicker than expected!  Highly recommended!
B000ZLFALS|4.0|Great movie, this should go down in history as one of the best musical movies of all time. Would recommend to a friend.
B002ECEEGS|5.0|This is a very quick read.  I really enjoy her writing style.  I like how she narrates the different characters.  It gives the reader a chance to see the life she created for them.. in their eyes.  Very fun.
0143116177|2.0|There are plenty of books that chronicle the development of commerce in various forms. This really isn't one of them. The information is sound, but superficial and touches on events that seem interesting to the author but don't represent an actual \\"ascent\\" and development as one would expect. There are books which are more deeply researched and the line of thought is more linear than presented here. The sequence that Mr. Ferguson presents reads more like a scattergraph and a presumed trend line than a more linear sequence of related events.
0470638842|5.0|Social Media is an evolving space. The only thing that would enhance this book is more examples and data to back the theories, observations and ideas. I equate the lack of data more to the infancy of the industry than a lack of research.    Good ideas, helpful connections between social media and brand opportunities.  A great read.
B00092ZMDY|5.0|My mother and I saw the Eagles live in  '08 and '10. I even Flip videoed the '10. The thing about this one is, if you're a fan and you don't own it, you really are missing out.
B001M5UDGS|5.0|It's not for everyone, I'll give you that.  But the simple fact that you've looked far enough into this movie to start reading reviews suggests you're going to like it.  Neil Patrick Harris is a brilliantly convincing evil scientist/loser ala Phineas and Ferb's Dr. Doofensmirtz with a better singing voice.  Nathan Fillion makes a brilliantly self-absorbed hero.  Not every joke is a winner, but the thing is funny.  And I've purchased the soundtrack and listened to it nonstop for days.  The lyrics may be a little on-the-nose, but they're funny and musical and catchy, particularly the doctor's songs.      If you like quirky sci-fi and/or superhero movies and you like musicals at all (if you can name three you'd watch again by choice), then get this.  You'll like it.  I love it.
B0042MEQVG|5.0|I am a big fan of Twilight Saga and loved this movie.  I had a problem at first but Amazon took care of it in true Excellent Customer Service fashion.  The action was great and the triangle between Jacob Bella and Edward was intense
B0015DROBO|3.0|Good story but starts off really slow and I wish I new more of the foreign words, makes it hard to understand some parts...
0375850864|5.0|This book is a perfect example of what authors can come up with if they write, rewrite, rewrite again for years and years and years. Economical, succinct, touching, wonderful writing. The story makes a great read-aloud as well. It's the only book I've ever come across that is popular with adults and kids alike without being schlocky or overly sentimental. A well-deserved gold medal.
B002RI9ZPY|1.0|Found myself skimming vast section of boring details in the middle third of the book. It was obviously written by a journalist. Journalists are people who are supposed to present us with all the facts I guess, but in this case there were pages and pages of uninteresting facts. In a novel, it is only characters and plot we are interested in - not endless reams of boring factual details.<br /><br />I was only really interested in one hook that kept me slogging all the way through book three. It was a hook left over from book one from where it was left unresolved for another two whole books. (I must admit I enjoyed the second book better than the third however.) I just wanted to know if she got back together with Blomkvist. It came down to one last measly sentence where she made the decision about whether or not she should let him back into her life. What a let-down. And we were left to think he may not be interested himself by then anyway since he had found a new lover.<br />I guess the movies would be better because movies always boot unnecessary detail and that would fix it.<br />I was easily able to understand the trial perfectly even though I had skimmed most of the mid-section of the story. So why didn't they just edit out the whole mid-section?
0763644765|4.0|We bought this book for our one year old for a Christmas gift, and it is great! I call it almost-perfect because a few elements don't fit exactly what I would want. I like that it is humorous without being disrespectful of the experience of toilet training. Patricelli does a good job in representing the perspective of a baby/toddler. Her use of short sentences is engaging, and the illustrations are cute and simple. I don't like that the story like uses the examples of cats and dogs \\"going potty\\" as a way for the baby to observe and learn- it should be a parent! I also don't like the use of \\"tinkle\\" and \\"toot\\" as descriptors (although it is done in a playful \\"noise making\\" way that my son likes to hear). I think it's important to use (somewhat) proper and respectful terminology (at least \\"pee\\" and \\"poop\\" if not \\"urine\\" and \\"feces!\\").<br />Overall though, a good toilet training book.
B0018QOIXU|5.0|Vh1 ever-so-graciously grabbed my attention, slapped it in the face and told it, \\"LISTEN TO THIS!\\". The love affair began with Chasing Pavements and it's been infatuation and bliss ever since. Adele Adkins came into the music world and commanded the spotlight, for me at least. If you don't know about her yet, get to it!
B004498KPU|5.0|This the the best collection of music and videos of MJ I've ever seen. My 8 year old son did not really know much about MJ until after his death. Now he can experience a taste of the \\"King\\" each time he plays this DVD. I live it and now he can
B001PB3RU8|5.0|If only there were more stars to rate this. I am an avid Florence and the Machine fan, you could call me her Arizona representative because I do certainly REP Florence and the Machine to a large extent. This album is so unbelievably flawless you should probably frame it, and I mean in a NICE frame. It has a little bit of everything, with enough energy and emotion to throw you into a... less than attractive body movement of sheer joy and excitement. For her first album she has knocked it out of the park in a very big way and I will most definitely be back for more on her next album. Florence has become a routine that I'm more than happy to go through each day, and hopefully one day I will meet this genius. To anyone who hasn't heard of her, come out of your cave and listen... you will NOT be disappointed. Au revoir!
B00006CXSS|5.0|Awesome response time on questions asked.  The dvds were in great condition.... very well packaged and received them very quickly
B002QKZLZ6|5.0|Great product, great price. I was very happy with this product. I bought two. One for me and one for my wife.
1433502410|5.0|In 2001 the English Standard Version of the Bible was released. Its parentage goes back to William Tyndale's 1525 New Testament and the 1611 King James Version. The text of the 1971 Revised Standard Version provides the immediate foundation for this work.<br /><br />Theologian James Packer headed up the translation project, with a team of over a hundred people, including 50 biblical scholars. The work on this project was originally approved of in 1998. A minor revision of the 2001 edition occurred in 2007.<br /><br />As to the translation philosophy, there are two main methods, with various translations lining up along a spectrum. On the one side are formal equivalence, or word-for-word, translations. On the other are functional or dynamic equivalence, or thought-for-thought, translations. Further beyond the thought-for-thought translations are paraphrases, such as the Living Bible.<br /><br />The ESV falls into the formal equivalence camp. As stated in the Preface, the \\"ESV is an `essentially literal' translation that seeks as far as possible to capture the precise wording of the original text and the personal style of each Bible writer. As such, its emphasis is on `word-for-word' correspondence, at the same time taking into account differences of grammar, syntax, and idiom between current literary English and the original languages.\\"<br /><br />Suffice it to say that there are strengths and weaknesses to both of the major approaches. I tend to prefer formal equivalence translations, which is one of the reasons why I appreciate the ESV.<br /><br />The ESV Study Bible appeared in 2008. Leading scholars involved in the overall project include Packer and Wayne Grudem. Old Testament experts include Gordon Wenham, Paul House, John Oswalt, T. Desmond Alexander, Iain Proven and Duane Garrett.<br /><br />New Testament scholars include Thomas Schreiner, Frank Thielman, Andreas Kostenberger, Scott Hafemann, Grant Osborne and Robert Yarbrough. Those even remotely familiar with theology and biblical studies will of course recognise most of these names. Some 95 scholars in total went into the work of this Study Bible.<br /><br />As to the contents of the Study bible, there more than 50 major articles dealing with key theological and biblical topics. There are 20,000 notes which run throughout the Bible, along with 80,000 cross-references. Some 200 maps are included as well.<br /><br />There are also over 200 charts and timelines. In addition there are 40 illustrations. All up this volume comprises some 2 million words stretched over 2,752 pages. Thus this is an important and detailed theological reference work. And given that those who purchase this work also get free access to the online Study Bible, this really is a complete package.<br /><br />But why study Bibles? Why are they important? Those who have a solid theological reference library at home - or access to local public theological libraries - may well have less need for such a study tool. Those with a good supply of commentaries, Bible dictionaries, Bible atlases, and various reference works, will be well-supplied in this regard.<br /><br />But most Christians do not have a large and substantial reference library. Thus a tool like this becomes quite important. In one volume all these various tools are handily combined. One really can stay with this single volume and learn so much about background issues, historical and cultural matters, theological concerns, and so on.<br /><br />I am not arguing that Christians should rely on just one work, and I am a firm believer in the need for all followers of Christ to build up at least a small personal library of some of the more important biblical reference works. But in a massive work like this, those with limited funds or limited shelf space will really have a very good start to biblical knowledge and understanding with this new Bible.<br /><br />Consider just one example of how this volume actually works. The introduction to the bookof 2 Corinthians runs to four pages. All the key issues are nicely addressed. The author, date, and place of writing are discussed, as are the background, occasion and purpose of the epistle.<br /><br />A timeline of Paul and is ministry is also provided. A colour map showing the setting of the letter is included, as is listing of key themes and emphases. Finally a detailed outline of the epistle is provided. While a helpful critical commentary may spend 50 pages or more on such background issues, these four pages give the reader a very good introduction and feel for the letter.<br /><br />There have of course been many good study Bibles produced over the years, such as the Harper Study Bible or the NIV Study Bible. Some study Bibles come from a rather narrow or limited theological perspective, such as the Reformation Study Bible. This one offers more room to move, while remaining firmly in the conservative, evangelical camp.<br /><br />The ESV Study Bible is certainly among the newest, most comprehensive, and most helpful. Those looking for a recent word-for-word translation, coupled with a great set of theological reference helps and tools will find this volume to be an excellent choice. I am happy to recommend it.and place of writing are discussed, as are the background, occasion and purpose of the epistle.    A timeline of Paul and is ministry is also provided. A colour map showing the setting of the letter is included, as is listing of key themes and emphases. Finally a detailed outline of the epistle is provided. While a helpful critical commentary may spend 50 pages or more on such background issues, these four pages give the reader a very good introduction and feel for the letter.    There have of course been many good study Bibles produced over the years, such as the Harper Study Bible or the NIV Study Bible. Some study Bibles come from a rather narrow or limited theological perspective, such as the Reformation Study Bible. This one offers more room to move, while remaining firmly in the conservative, evangelical camp.    The ESV Study Bible is certainly among the newest, most comprehensive, and most helpful. Those looking for a recent word-for-word translation, coupled with a great set of theological reference helps and tools will find this volume to be an excellent choice. I am happy to recommend it.
B0002A2WDQ|5.0|I remember seeing this movie on tv one time (around 2002 I think) and I was entranced from beginning to end. After that, I went looking to buy this movie. I saw it at a big box store, (which will remain nameless) but I had to buy other things that was needed for around the house. I never found it there again. Thank God for Amazon. I found it here and I didn't have to deal with idiots at said store, and I am not talking about the people who work there.     Ralph Macchio took a huge departure from his Karate Kid role when he took this, and I think if he did this instead of Karate Kid, he might have been taken more seriously as an actor. Joe Seneca was great as the old crusty bluesman who is bitter and looking for one last ride. Jamie Gertz nailed the teenage runaway part perfectly. Steve Vei showed his guitar chops in this movie as Jack Butler. Which really IMO made the movie. Walter Hill really did a phenomenal job directing this and I have always been a fan of John Fusco as a writer. I don't think he has never written a script that I haven't liked.     Great acting, great directing, great writing, and the music is phenomenal.
B0031RAOVY|5.0|I watched this movie several months back and at Christmas when it came time to put stocking stuffers in the stockings of my co-workers, this is the first item I purchased for each of my departmental co-workers. Everyone who has watched this movie to date has come in and told me how much they loved it.  Even co-workers that are not the animal fanatic I am. This movie had it all as far as I'm concerned.  Love story between human and animal, it took me on an emotional roller coaster and with an ending that I pray is realistic for everyone that has ever loved a pet.  A+ from me!
B000AMJC2K|5.0|well designed and works great. Don't know why I waited. I've always want me apple cinema display in portrait mode. the are moves very well.
084313352X|5.0|All the Mr. Men books are great!  My 6 year old daughter loves them all.  She's been reading them since she was 4 years old.  She even has some in French from when her Uncle went to France a couple years ago.
B002ZG99QS|5.0|I was definitely expecting to be impressed by this movie, since I've always been naturally inclined toward all things sci-fi. I'd seen the trailer and thought it looked like it was worth seeing. I was excited, but I was nowhere near expecting to witness the glory that this film put forth. I went to see it in 3D with my two roommates, and even though they don't share  my love of science fiction--all three of us were thoroughly blown away by this movie. I remember the response one of us had directly afterward, and that was just one simple phrase: \\"Wow. THAT was amazing.\\" The special effects, the plot, the actors, and especially the soundtrack. I really am not kidding when I say that we were all in agreement when we decided that the other 3D movies we'd seen thus far paled in comparison to TRON. Yes, even James Cameron's Avatar.     NOW THESE EFFECTS ARE TRULY SPECIAL    Tron City in this film is even more visually stimulating than Pandora, even if it isn't bursting with color as much as the world of the Nav'i did. For me, the neon lights against a black sky and dark terrain looked much more stunning than the more natural-looking terrain of Pandora or even Wonderland (Tim Burton's Alice in Wonderland). TRON is truly unique, with the light cycles and light jets that seem to erupt out of thin air, slow-motion derezzing, and gripping, edge-of-your-seat disc battles. And even though it is based on the 1982 film of the same name, its look does not borrow heavily from it.     I FIGHT FOR THE USER!    Sam Flynn, the son of creator Kevin Flynn, goes looking for his father years after he went missing--and finds him trapped in the digital world of his own creation. Together with a program named Quorra that his father had sort of adopted as his own daughter, they set out to stop C.L.U, a creation of Kevin's that has gone rogue and taken matters into his own hands. A fairly simple storyline, but I've got to hand it to Jeff Bridges. He does an excellent job of playing both the protagonist and the antagonist. I also appreciated many of the moral themes that were promoted throughout the movie, such as courage, selflessness, devotion, and family, among others.     Another thing. I was really happy with how awesome and chock-full of action and suspense this film was, without the blood and the gore--but also without the fight sequences seeming cheesy or unrealistic (you know, the whole idea of people being thrown into things or hit with large objects but not really taking any damage). It really shows that a movie CAN be awesome without gory violence, sex, nudity/near nudity, or crude humor.     DAFT PUNK    Last but most definitely not least, is the soundtrack. The soundtrack for this movie, in my opinion, is the best I've heard for a while. It resonates perfectly with every epic moment and makes it ten times more epic. Usually, when I watch a movie, not much attention is devoted to the music. It's just sort of there, playing along in my subconscious mind. But this was different. This was a soundtrack that was actually noticed. Daft Punk is a major part of what made TRON: Legacy so spectacular. Their style of music is just so well suited to the movie, and of course, they did a fantastic job.    THE BOTTOM LINE    TRON is an excellent movie for people of all ages. Even the kids. Both visibly and audibly tantalizing, it is something that will be enjoyed by the entire family, I promise. I highly recommend seeing it in 3D. It'll probably be expensive, but it is beyond worth it. So please, do yourself and a favor and go see TRON: Legacy before it leaves the theaters for good, because I'm pretty sure this will be one of those movies for which the big screen actually makes a significant difference.
B002VPE1B6|5.0|Im really impressed with the way my order was handled.  It was wrapped really well and sent very quickly. Would order from them again.
B0019CSXAM|5.0|This set is exactly as expected. All episodes and some special features. I wouldnt pay full price for it, but shopping on amazon most of the time I get a good deal. This season is fexactly like season 1 and 2 which is why I went out and bought the rest.
B002ZG9940|5.0|Superb movie. The deafening silence in some parts was exquisite. This is a well thought out, well acted drama movie. If you're expecting Michael Bay-esque explosions and ridiculous gunfights just walk away. This is a tense drama about a man struggling with his life choice trying to make amends.<br /><br />So glad I picked this up.
B001FB4VXU|5.0|I love this show. It is awesome. This box set is exactly as expected. Would recommend this show to anyone.
B00005JM20|5.0|I have seen this movie so many times and it never gets old. It is the story of the police detective trying to be his best but not quite achieving his goal in the usual way- Rowan Atkinson sytle!
B003XKPPOU|5.0|This movie was awesome. A wonderful end to a wonderful story. They left it open to do another if they want to, but I hope they leave it here. Its sweet and funny. The biggest compliant I have is the Digital copy which is confusing and a pain in the butt to figure it out. I couldnt get it, but that doesnt actually have anything to do with the movie, so I did not rate down because of it.
030746363X|5.0|And I'm more than happy to help Tim get past \\"W\\" on the list....    This is a book worth studying.  I've picked up several great tips from it.  It's so crazy it has to work!  I'm 6 weeks post back surgery so I'm a little afraid to jump right in, but I'm waiting on a call from the doc right now.  I can't wait to try the homemade kettlebell stuff.      I gave the book a quick go thru and now I'm reading it again, and I don't read books twice.  This should tell you something.      I've lost around 90lbs the last year eating Paleo and mainly walking and have end a plateau.  I bet Tim's book will help be break thru and get the rest of the weight off with a much better looking body to boot.    Thanks Tim
B002JVWRAO|5.0|I bought this to go along with all my other supernatural seasons. I do not watch the TV show on TV but rather wait as each season comes out on DVD. I Can't really give it a bad review. I bought it for 14.99<waited til it was on sale who the hell wants to pay 50 bucks for a DVD??> when it was on sale. It is as expected a DVD with all the season's episode. The show itself got a whole lot better than season 4 and I am anxiously waiting until season 6 comes to DVD on sale. lol. Overall if you are a Supernatural fan who owns the other seasons this is a logical purchase. lol. Enjoy!!
0316098337|4.0|It is a profoundly moving story.<br /><br />I think one of the reasons this novel has struck a chord with readers isn't just because of the subject matter. Sure, on the surface, it's a harrowing tale. That in itself can be enough to attract a certain following. But the novel is never lurid, never exploitative, and that helped me to keep reading, because what lay on the page was practically all I could manage. Harder details would have meant a reading I might not have been able to finish.<br /><br />And although it does strike at the core of our contemporary internet sensibilities -- in an age of 24/7 news that crosses continents in seconds, bombarded as we are by serial killers, kidnappers and other sordid predators -- that also isn't why the novel has a zeitgeist-like quality to it. After all, in a sense we're already familiar with \\"Room\\". We already know the central conflict of the story going in, even if we don't quite know how this particular story will end. And we see the same conflict in some fashion every day reported by every hard news outlet. We're jaded.<br /><br />No, what makes \\"Room\\", by Emma Donoghue, a special book is the voice of little-boy Jack, who could never be jaded, his mother does such a superb job of protecting him. Seen through his eyes, this devastating novel is virtually halo'd by his innocence, his limited understanding of the circumstances in which he lives. His mother's rapes are an act unseen but still heard, the creak of bedsprings counted, reaching a different total each time, and which he stores away for future reference and comparison. One night it's 257, another night 194. Young boy puzzlement abounds.<br /><br />It's all he knows. Room is all he knows. And moments like the bedsprings, where we know what's happening (and are forced to imagine it because of Jack's limited abilities to absorb and describe his world), pepper the novel and tug our heartstrings. That we're forced to infer such horrible moments creates a brand-new poignancy that I, personally, had never felt before.<br /><br />I don't know that the novel deserves the heaps of praise it's been given. I very much enjoyed it, but I'm not sure it's Man Booker Prize good, an award for which it's been shortlisted. Sure, to narrate an entire novel through the eyes and ears of a 5-year-old is quite an achievement. But at the same time, I can find moments throughout the novel where the voice seemed a bit inauthentic, too cloying, too sweet, a little eye-rolling.<br /><br />Certainly the gravitas one might expect from a serious work of literature is, if not completely missing, less weighty than it should be. But that, also, might be attributed to the narration. How does one convey \\"serious lit\\" through the voice of a toddler, a voice that must be told through very simple language? There are no big words here, just made up ones.<br /><br />Overall, though, \\"Room\\" is a wonderful achievement, written beautifully. If I felt a bit manipulated by some of Jack's slightly too sugar-sweet toddler-isms like \\"meltedy spoon\\" or \\"waterfalling\\" milk, I can forgive the story, forgive the writer, and of course forgive Jack's achingly beautiful voice at the center of the novel.<br /><br />Strongly recommended.ver felt before.     I don't know that the novel deserves the heaps of praise it's been given. I very much enjoyed it, but I'm not sure it's Man Booker Prize good, an award for which it's been shortlisted. Sure, to narrate an entire novel through the eyes and ears of a 5-year-old is quite an achievement. But at the same time, I can find moments throughout the novel where the voice seemed a bit inauthentic, too cloying, too sweet, a little eye-rolling.     Certainly the gravitas one might expect from a serious work of literature is, if not completely missing, less weighty than it should be. But that, also, might be attributed to the narration. How does one convey \\"serious lit\\" through the voice of a toddler, a voice that must be told through very simple language? There are no big words here, just made up ones.    Overall, though, \\"Room\\" is a wonderful achievement, written beautifully. If I felt a bit manipulated by some of Jack's slightly too sugar-sweet toddler-isms like \\"meltedy spoon\\" or \\"waterfalling\\" milk, I can forgive the story, forgive the writer, and of course forgive Jack's achingly beautiful voice at the center of the novel.    Strongly recommended.
0679731725|4.0|I was surprised to find myself so engaged in the 2nd half of this book, after having to force myself to trudge through the 1st half. It was written splendidly, from the 1st paragraph through the last, but the 1st half was slow and not as engaging as I had hoped. BUT, then there was more action, rather than simply musings and memories of the past, and I was unable to put the book down. Stevens, the narrator and main character, is an aging butler, a gentleman of dignity, who worked in one of the finest homes in England pre and post WW!!. He sacrificed a personal life, for that of loyalty and service to his employer, but this was HIS own choice, and I am still pondering how he let the important things go in life, or did not recognize what really matters, all in the name of this grand service he performed more than 3 decades. I found the story to be achingly painful and sad, though not in the typical ways a reader would expect a story to be sad. This was a sadness which took the form of regret, recognizing far too late in life that the choices made, or those ignored, ultimately led to a solitary life, void of love and legacy. I sat for a very long time, with the completed and closed book in my lap, pondering how this dignified man could have let his life turn out the way it did. Was it fear? Was it an inability to love? Did he think some great end would come to him for being such a loyal employee? The book is very deep and yet very simple. \\"The road not taken....\\" applies to this novel. If you are a lover of beautiful, though provoking, literary prose that may haunt you for awhile, this book is for you. If you want a light piece of quick paced fiction, you will hate this book. I ended up loving it in spite of my reluctance to keep reading during the early pages.
0765310015|5.0|Greetings,    Before I start with my review of Gardens of the Moon, please note I'm an avid fantasy reader. I've read well over 100 fantasy novels, most of which were set in the Dungeon's and Dragon's world of Forgotten Realms and Dragonlance.. However, I have read many non WOTC books such as Feist, Eddings, Sara Douglas, and of course George RR Martin's A Song of Ice and Fire series...    After reading Martins ASOIAF series, I quickly started doing research on trying to find a similar series like his which doesn't feature and follow a Protagonist and Antagonist.. Also, I was in search of a military fantasy epic that features a bunch of main characters which isn't easily predictable.. Those Tolkien type of fantasy trilogies are so straight forward, dull, and easily predictable. I wanted something different like Martin's series...     After checking out many recommendations, the one that stood out from them all was Erikson's Malazan series.. And since it is ranked #2 on bestfantasybooks.com, I decided to buy the first two books and gave it a shot..    First off, I will say that Erikson's writing style is different and can be a bit annoying at first.. For example, when there are a few different characters speaking to one another, he'll start a sentence like, I think, \\"Crokus said\\" I should go find my uncle.. Instead of saying, \\"Crokus said, I think we should go find my uncle.. So, you the reader just has to get used to this type of writing.. He also explains things very weird and can be a bit vague in what he's really trying to say,,, at times... You just have to pay attention or just skip the weird sentence structuring and get to the actual story being told..    With the negatives explained, this book was overall an incredible read. I absolutely love how Erikson explained things through different characters point of views.. And eventually everything connects and brings itself together.. If you managed to read to around page 200, the rest of the book really falls intoplace.. I will admit, it took me a good week to get to 200.. Then I read the rest of the book in 3 days.. It became that darn good..    If you are a mature fantasy reader who enjoys an unpredictable story filled with magic, betrayal, intrigue, and awesome action, then please give this series a try.. You won't be disappointed..    The greatest aspect of this novel was each faction pretty much telling their side of the story.. In the beginning you may love the Empire and what it represents. They fight the so called, \\"bad guys\\" and throughout the book you'll meet these characters and they'll give their own side of the story.. By the time you get halfway done the book, you will start to develop feelings for the characters and basically not want anyone to die, lol.. I felt this way and while reading I knew some faction had to win and someone had to lose.. But u had no idea what would happen..  The sheer intense unpredictable flow to the book will keep you guessing and routing for your favorite characters to survive... But I assure you, some of these characters just won't make it and it will leave you sad, and depressed, lol..  This is how awesome the first book is..    Right now I started Deadhouse Gates, and I can guarantee no one would have predicted how the beginning of that book would be.. It was yet another surprise for me and I'm loving how the 2nd book takes off..    I highly recommend this series... However, If your a fan of Tolkien's Lord of the Rings or Goodkind's Richard Cypher series, or Eragon, and any young reader books that follow one of a couple protagonists on a quest to save the world from the evil bad guy, then don't bother reading this since it will be over your head and you'll complain like everyone else who gave this book 1 star...    Thank you..
0316044938|3.0|I was somewhat disappointed in this novel as I had a hard time tracking any plot line.  The book seemed to be a series of vignettes loosely connected by a time frame that kept jumping around.  Descriptions of the characters failed to arouse empathy and the pace and intensity felt flat after the initial crime occurred.  The themes were so varied, I was not sure if I was reading a crime novel, a metaphysical treatise, a coming of age story, a reaction to grief, or adults trying to find themselves.  The drunken grandmother seemed to be the most endearing character and although the bad guy gets it in the end, the scene is anti-climatic.  I would shop on another shelf.
B001HNE3NO|5.0|This book capitvated me right from the beginning. And, even though disturbing to read of the human sufferings that took place realizing it was human hands that inflicted these unbelievable atrosities, it is a book you won't want to put down.  So well written, Tatiana de Rosnay makes you feel you're a part of this journalist-in-the-making's life as she uncovers secrets from the past. Characters you'll never forget ... a story in history we should never forget. I haven't read any of her other books, but will after this and hope they are just as good. I highly recommend this book as an addition to your library.
0740748475|5.0|My 12 year-old has such a passion for this book.  She has read through this so many times that she can (and does) quote individual comics frequently.  Great quality binding, paper, color and the content...well, you know or you wouldn't be interested in buying it too.
1401225756|5.0|The first graphic novel/comic book I've ever read, naturally drawn by Neil Gaiman (who's novels I've nearly exhausted). Morpheus (Dream) is captured and his three mantels stolen. He must retrieve them from mortals, demons, Hell, and the Dreamworld itself. Clever and imaginative, definitely left me wanting more. Grade: A-
B003ZSJ212|5.0|It's funny. I understand you die-hard fan and those of you who aren't. As for me, I can't wait to see them on Blu-ray! I have enjoyed and will keep on enjoying these films modified or not, and I am excited to see them in High Definition.  There will always be new and more definitive editions, you just have to ask yourself...who are you really hurting by holding out. Either a hole heap of you say no to this Blu-ray edition and the corporation decides the sales are strong enough for additional editions or you buy it and enjoy it for what it is until the edition you wants comes out in a couple years. I will be buying this and when I get it, I will bask in its HD picture and sound!
0439023491|3.0|Really, the Hunger Games, again? This book is the very definition of a disappointing sequel: the same thing, again. All that was refreshing and exciting of the first book (the brutal, violent dystopic games, a protagonist jaded, confused, and simply struggling for survival), becomes, frankly, boring, as it is all just done again. There is little to no character growth or plot development (except a bit of predictable revolution, a bit of a movement in a wider scale). Besides the three main characters, the characters remain flat red shirts. Peeta, Katniss, and Haymitch, though, keep the book readable and interesting. The climax/cliffhanger almost redeems the book. Still a great, exciting, fresh young adult novel. Just not truly engaging for adult readers. Grade: C
0767812166|1.0|No mater the size of your screen.  This picture only fills a small center portion.  You can increase the width or depth of the screen and it will remain in the center in a small unchanging window.  It is one of the worse full screen transfers that I have ever seen.  There is no widescreen version.  The Blu-ray version may be better.  I do not know.
0439023513|4.0|The final book of The Hunger Games series finds Katniss playing an even more dangerous game: war. A war between the rebels and the tyrants of the Capitol. Again, she is dressed up and used as a pawn, again she is forced to endure the most horrific violence, but perhaps finally she will be able to find her freedom and independence, find love, find peace from her perpetual struggle to survive. The ending of the series is definitely on par with the strong beginning, filled with action, emotion, character (particularly in the refreshing, original, flawed and complex heroine), even poignancy on the tragedy of war and the futility and childishness of violent games. I wish there had been more character (besides Katniss, the characters are flat and difficult to feel much for, Haymitch most of all could have been so much more), more plot, more theme, and less fashion and gratuitous (by which I mean, boring) violence (really, does our heroine have to get knocked out and wake up in hospital every other chapter?). The Hunger Games though is a strong, engaging read for young adults, a dystopian fantasy on par with Uglies and The Giver, with a truly wonderful, original, and human heroine at its center. Grade: A-
0385335997|5.0|This is the third book in the series.  The second book leaves the reader desperately wanting to know what will happen next and Voyager is very satisfying.  The love story of Jamie and Claire continues 20 years later.  They have the time to catch up on each other's lives while also embarking on a crazy adventure.  I have loved all the books so far and Voyager is another page-turner from Gabaldon.  I have just started the next book, Drums of Autumn.
1594202842|1.0|Amy Chua is the new Joan Crawford. Well, actually no... at least Joan was interesting. Amy is just, pitiful. A real case study in the expression - misery loves company.    Of course, she is a dreadful parent. Sure she is a successful lawyer and professor, but she has failed at parenting. The way she approaches motherhood is so cold and sterile, which is painfully obvious on each page, it occured to me she might be a sociopath. To say she treats her children like robots is an understatement.     Now I've read some people say that she is just trying to bring back the values of hard work and excellence, which I agree we need more of in families, but that is NOT what this book is about. It is about throwing a 3 year old out in the snow when they don't play the piano correctly. I'm not kidding.     And then she brags about how great she is for putting a toddler in the snow for not pleasing her. Remember, it's all about HER. And displeasing Amy comes at a cost... half the book is aimed at embarrassing her youngest daughter for being non-compliant. Classy.    All of her abuse aside, this book reads like a stereo manual. There is no tone. No emotions. Just facts stated and separated into chapters. Even when she sparingly tells of happy family life, it seems phony. And when it does, it's usually to make up for doing something terrible to a kid. Almost like she knows she has to be a little warm, but it stands out as disingenuous.  Its boring and dry, much like what life must be like with Ms. Chua as a mother and wife.    This book is only good if you want to say... Is she kidding? every 5 minutes. Boring and tragic.
1400049628|4.0|This book is basically written as a survival guide in general with many tips a person could use in any appropriate situation.  However, there are some specific point given to protect the reader from zombies specifically.  The book is well written and the \\"Recorded Attacks\\" segment at the end is pretty interesting.<br /><br />I now feel comfortable in knowing that when a government's biotech experiments go dreadfully wrong, I'll be prepared!<br /><br />BLADES DON'T NEED RELOADING!
1932100660|1.0|Humans can subsist on plants, on Twinkies, on soup made of shoe leather... But why would you merely want to subsist when you can have optimal health?  Because you love animals too much to eat them?  Even if they are raised in a humane manner?  If that is the case, I sincerely respect your self-sacrifice.  For the rest of the potential readership of this misleading book, let's quickly clarify the facts...     Vegetarianism is an invention of the past 10,000 years. Previously, Paleolithic people (from the pre-agricultural era) only RESORTED to Vegetarianism because a hunt was unsuccessful.  Human consumption of grass-fed beef (ideally bison), wild-caught fish and free-range chicken, for example, is the basis for a healthy diet -- in addition to cruciferous vegetables and healthy fats.  Ancestral people ate copious amounts of naturally raised/wild animal products (as confirmed by objective studies, not speculation) for the 1.5-2 million years that modern humans (in their present form) roamed the earth preceding agriculture.     (Consider that many Paleolithic people in the world could not have survived primarily on a plant-based diet, by and large, because there were not always sufficient amounts of edible plants available prior to farmed plants throughout every season. Have you ever tried foraging for plant foods in a harsh winter climate? Or surviving entirely on coconuts? If you consistently expend more calories than you harvest in a food search you will DIE. This is why nutrient-dense animal protein was so necessary and beneficial to primitive people. Again, genetically we are the same primitive people, only with modern clothes and iPhones.)    Dr. Loren Cordain (one of the fathers of the Paleolithic eating movement) has systematically destroyed the viability of Dr. Campbell's China \\"Study\\" with a few elegant comments in the course of a debate they held (easily Googled). The \\"study\\" is an undisciplined mess with skewed conclusions based on a predetermined agenda --much like the Ancel Keys work in that respect.     The Paleo Solution by Robb Wolff will save more lives than any unnatural, subsistence diet based on non-animal foods -- especially grains, legumes, dairy (these are also new foods invented in the last 10,000 years). Please explore Paleo eating, folks. And believe only your bloodwork, your body-fat calculations, and generally how you look, feel and perform. These are objective facts no one can take away from you. Paleo knowledge is like a shield of objective results against romantic propaganda from basically well-intentioned but unscientific advocates of vegetarianism. So many people have finally discovered health and relief from auto-immune disease and other ailments caused by vegetarian malnutrition through Paleo.      Eat based on your evolution, not based on some diet people have only been following for just a few years, in the big picture of human development. Thanks for reading.    [By the way, as I note in the comments below, if you want to hear a basic explanation of the obvious problems with the China Study methodology (e.g., Cambpell's spectacular FAIL in purporting to show that isolated cow casein in rats can be extrapolated to be equivalent to all varieties of protein in all humans; Campbell's rudimentary omission of a wide variety of damaging circumstances affecting the Chinese population studied; Campbell's insufficient emphasis on the issue of the quality of the protein being ingested by that population; Campbell's utter lack of any testable hypothesis) -- Google \\"robb wolf\\" \\"episode 6\\"]
B003NFM3JK|5.0|This is a new tradition in my family. I applaud Disney for staying true to the story & not being afraid to include the references to God (and in one instance, specifically to Jesus - the One Who makes the lame walk,  paraphrase). The animation is stellar, the voicing is fantastic, and the orchestration is the epitomy of traditional Christmas (carols about Christ's birth, etc). Andrea Bocelli's song \\"God Bless Us, Everyone\\" is new and exhilerating. Although this movie is mostly drama, comedy sprinkled throughout keeps it light-hearted where it needs to be.    Some of the scenes may scare small children (they startled me as an adult!); however, if parents watch first, they can fast forward or have little ones close their eyes until those brief parts are over. I highly recommend this movie to everyone!
B003R0LBVW|1.0|I cannot fathom how this was on the top of so many lists for books of 2010. So I gave in and all I have to say is \\"huh?\\" Not one single likable character amongst this group and after reading about why and how they ended up the way they did, I cared even less. And this gets the vote for the most unnecessary and most truly disgusting thing I have ever read - it involved a ring, swallowing, and some toilet diving in VERY graphic detail! Ugh.  Boo on this book all the way.
B000646MNE|1.0|When I received the packed it was duck taped together, stuffed with napkins and paper towels to protect the product. The dvd packages were ripped apart, scratched and looked like they were very old. Some of the movies were missing and scratched. Over all I would never buy another item from the seller and I would recommended to future customers to be careful.
0553266306|5.0|I bought this when it was first released in 1971 from the BMOC.I still have it and as another reviewer stated,I have read it at least once every year.No other book of this type comes close to matching this one.The best of it`s kind.
B00129H7VS|5.0|Hi .. I've owned the regular DVD version of \\"Band of Brothers\\" since it was first released .. and did not experience any problems with play back. However .. since purchasing my Pioneer Elite BDP-05FD blue-ray player .. I've been unable to load the blu-ray version. Trying to ascertain if error is on my end .. or with the Blu-ray edition of \\"Band of Brothers\\". At any rate .. I consider \\"Band of Brothers\\" to be my most cherished DVD .. and strongly suggest that all WWII historians to consider adding this amazing film to their video collection. Proudly .. Helen More (Former Woman Marine)
B000XA5K48|4.0|Don't watch this with your wife or girlfriend. Get a couple guy friends over, pop a couple beers, turn the volume up, and enjoy this pure action flick. It's pretty lacking on a strong plot, but honestly, what do you expect from a movie like this? It's pretty graphic and at one point there's nudity and shooting going on simultaneously. 4 stars because it was a unique action flick.
B00337KM2S|4.0|If you have any experience with a large corporation as of late, Up In The Air is a film that may make you squirm with emotional discomfort. The recognition of the cold, unresponsive attitude of upper management driven to have greater profits at the expense of a loyal work force seen only as \\"inventory\\" is almost too much to watch. Up In The Air is character driven, and the thin story is played out through those experiences.<br /><br />I both loved and hated this film. The knowledge that Clooney's charming and handsome portrayal of a corporate hatchet person was just that -- charming and handsome -- did nothing, for me, to soften the ultimate recognition that these positions are often filled by sociopaths who glory in the opportunity to damage others. Jason Bateman's cavalier approach to this business was perfection as he found new and more damaging ways to suck more profits from his trade.<br /><br />I could not help but view Up In The Air through a lens of current financial and corporate reality, and the experiences of friends and family around me. It's hard to believe that anyone could view it without being smacked in the face by the real pain suggested here. See this film, but only if you feel you could deal with renewing that pain in all of Hollywood's \\"glory.\\"
B003ELOQD4|5.0|Music is awesome and the picture is great.  We have surround sound and it was just like being there.  Love this dvd so does my hubby.
B00000DHR0|3.0|great Christmas music, although I have to only give this one 3 stars, I was not impressed by the content.
0060936223|5.0|I loved this book.  Reminded me of my early days in NY.  I have always loved Patti Smith, have all of her albums, books of poetry, photos of her that Robert Mapplethorpe took and have seen her perform a number of times, so I had high expectations for the book and it absolutely lived up to them.  Highly recommended.
0307277887|5.0|book came on time. in decent condition. it is a paperback, so the front flap was a little worn/curled. but i only want a book for whats on the inside anyway. book was good, enjoyed it. a little different from the show, but thats what i liked about it. dexter is still good ol' dexter.
B000P0J0A6|4.0|SPOILERS FOLLOW  The 1984 movie \\"Gremlins\\" boasts a spectacular blend of comedic and horror elements, and is a uniquely crafted popular classic.  The diverse cast includes Hoyt Axton, Zach Galligan, Phoebe Cates, Polly Holliday and Keye Luke.  The story, by noted director Chris Columbus, is by now familiar to many people.  A loving but stubborn father makes a detour into an eccentric shop which is overseen by a wise proprietor.  Upon seeing the exotic creature called a Mogwai, the father eventually cuts an illicit deal for the Mogwai with the shop owner's well-meaning but short-sighted grandson.  There is a little matter of three famous rules for Mogwai care which inevitably get broken and lead to horrific results.  The Gremlin creatures are genuinely gross, malevolent little beasts, and as their numbers multiply it is very believable that they can terrorize a town, making creative allowances for fiction.  Impressively, even today, they are not a dated special effect or puppet but credible characters in the film who ooze danger and menace.  I mentioned this film was a comedy and it is, but most of the humor is of a muted, vaguely dark variety.  A good example is when a Gremlin in a mailbox throws letters back out at a man who put some into the box.  There is also an oddly comedic scene in a movie theater, with many Gremlins happily watching Walt Disney's \\"Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs.\\"  Polly Holliday is suitably nasty as Mrs. Deagle, the mean-spirited old lady who has a grudge against Billy Peltzer, the movie's main protagonist.  Zach Galligan is credible and sympathetic in that role, and Phoebe Cates is perfect as Kate, Billy's sweet co-worker and girlfriend.  Also featuring Corey Feldman, Judge Reinhold, and solid direction by Joe Dante, \\"Gremlins\\" is very, very good.  P.S. Howie Mandel voices the sweet Mogwai, dubbed 'Gizmo' by Billy Peltzer's father.
B001KS0THU|5.0|SAVED MY CHRISTMAS, ORDERED IT ONCE BEFORE AND MADE THE MISTAKE OF ORDERING REGION 2. THIS IS ALL MY SON ASKED FOR SO TO FIND ONE IN SUCH GREAT CONDITION WAS FANTASTIC, THANK YOU
030746363X|2.0|For the record, I loved Four Hour Workweek.  I've kept it as a resource that seems to keep on giving.  So I had very high expectations for this book.  Disappointed on several levels -     First, he started the book by challenging you to start with one thing rather than everything, so I took it to heart.  I started the Slow Carb Diet just after Christmas, and I've followed it to the letter.  Started out 6'4, 247, 27% body fat.  Three weeks in, I'm 6'4\\", 233, 26% body fat.  Thirteen pounds in three weeks with that level of sacrifice and nasty food?  You could argue that I'm just one guy and that's not that scientific, but it's amazing, after you start looking, how few of his examples in the book actually did his prescribed diet!  He just keeps saying things like, \\"If ___ would have just added two hard boiled eggs in the morning, or stopped eating rice, or ate more spinach, it would have been EVEN BETTER results!\\"  Well, I'm one guy who wants my three weeks back to do Weight Watchers or something.  THis diet sucked.    My second complaint is going to get me called prudish, but hear me out.  The better sex chapters were intriguing, as I've been married for 19 years and my wife and I have a better time in bed every year.  But his examples were... porn stars?  Why not interview some couples who have pleasured somebody consistently for the long term and stayed committed to them?  I can assure you that's the best sex in the world.  If you want better sex, get married and give your whole life to one person.    Still too early to tell on the weight-lifting/ supplements, etc.  So there may yet be some interesting nuggetsto be had in this resource, but from this reader's vantage point, the junk science I received I could have gotten by surfing the Internet.  To Ferris's credit, that's probably how he researched the book, had someone in India ghost write it, and he's laughing all the way to Buenos Aires for a few months to relax.  For that alone, he deserves two stars.
B004CLYKMC|5.0|Those of us who grew up Asian can relate to just about every word, every nuance, the joys and hidden fears. As a mother who is raising her children under almost identical circumstances as Ms. Chua, I admire her for coming forward to tell her story, as I am certain there are those that will judge her in a negative way.
1400052173|4.0|If you're a human being, black, white, rich, poor, science buff, or English lover, you should not let the years pass without reading Skloot's book! This is the story of humanity, and anyone who feels otherwise is, in my opinion, jaded. I believe it is pertinent for the reader to understand that this story is not meant to be just about science, nor is it meant to be just about the Lacks family. The purpose was to interweave a TRUE story such that the average person can understand the history of an injustice that began 60 years ago.    I believe that any reader should take the approach that Deborah, Henrietta's daughter, took when exploring the history of her family along with the author: remember to consider the era in which things occurred before judging the parties involved. This specifically pertains to judgments about the way in which the Lacks family did or did not proceed throughout the years. I am thankful that Skloot chose not to sugar-coat her findings, and I appreciate the fact that she obviously went through countless hours to ensure the validity of her writing.    My only reason for not giving this book a full five stars is that, for the average person that generally desires to stay as far away from technical/science stuff as possible, there were definite points when I got lost in all of the terminology and legal aspects. At some points I felt my eyes glazing over,  or reading passages multiple times just to try to grasp what was being relayed. I do not know if the book could have done without these aspects though, so I found it important just to trudge through those more difficult parts. It's  well worth-it! I can't wait to read whatever Skloot releases next!
B003G4W49C|5.0|I don't have much time to write and this is not supposed to be an essay anyway. But what I have to say is that I keep coming back and reading these books (the whole Ender saga). It is so complex and wonderful, it is food for brain and relaxing in the same time. Every time I re-read it I discover something new. I encouraged my son to read it too and my husband loves it. It is classified as a Science Fiction but is really more than that.     Thank you Orson Scott Card!
B000VS20M2|5.0|I have this film on a few different VHS and DVDs. The Blu-Ray video quality is stunning. But most of all, the audio is a huge improvement over prior media. If you have a high quality home theater system, you will be very impressed with the audio!
0123694965|2.0|I've read the other reviews and I don't understand the hype.  Tracey Fullerton's Games Design Workshop is an excellent book, and I enjoyed reading Richard Bartle's lectures at the University of Essex ([...]), but this book was difficult to get through, even though it was recommended to me by a few colleagues.  The language was clunky, with copious amounts of scare quotations around terms, and has a way of talking *at* the reader instead of engaging them, for instance including redundant and leading quotes that put words in the readers' mouths ('\\"But wait,\\" you might say, \\"Is introspection really such a good idea? If it isn't good enough for scientists, why is it good enough for us?\\" And this is a fair question.').  Well, I didn't say that, and I wouldn't.  I just want you to explain your thoughts to me without being overly pedantic.  The result is a halting tone mired in the past-tense that seems both authoritative and annoyed at the same time.  Why the rant about how academics define games in the start of an academic book on games design?  What's with the strange non-diagrams that illustrate each chapter, are they visual maps of DADA-ist game prototypes?    In short, it's not a bad book, if you can get past the author's overbearing tone, but as an introduction to the \\"art\\" of game play it's pretty weak compared with the classics in the field (Salen and Zimmerman, Fullerton, and Pierce), and doesn't much address the concepts of games that aren't video games.
B00479SVBU|4.0|I bought this as a gift for my wife- she was skeptical at first, because we've tried another mp3 fm transmitter, without much success. This one set up quickly and works flawlessly. She's thrilled with being able to use sd cards to move music and books from her computer to the player. Good deal.
0307278255|3.0|A pleasant read for the most part, slow at times, but I could have predicted the outcome of every story from the third page. Always the same characters; always the same setting; always a heartbreak at the end. I hope the author's personal life is not reflective of her stories.
B0036EH3WK|5.0|This complete collection is an absolute must-have for every LOST-fan! The picture is stunning and the audio is amazing through a 5.1 surround system! The extras are also amazing. The way the bonus disc was hidden was very cool, and the content of the disc did not disappoint.<br />The Senet-game, the black-light, the island \\"replica\\", the episode guide and the whole box itself are also great additions to this collection.<br />I live in the Netherlands, and sadly this complete collection (with all the extras) was only available in the USA and is region A encoded. So if you live outside of the US and want this box, be sure to have a region-free blu-ray player!
B001QB9H10|5.0|People who like thrillers will be thrilled with this film. It is gripping without a moments let up, and there is much violence. A beautiful girl is kidnapped, and we later learn that she was taken to force her father a Ukrainian minister to sign a document regarding lethal waste products. Our hero is also captured and is forced by the criminals to bring the already kidnapped girl to the head criminal so that she can speak to her father and prove that she is still alive. They place a wrist band with explosives on the wrist of Jason Statham, the transporter. They tell him that if he moves a short distance from the car he is driving to transport the girl, he will be killed with a bomb. He tries and has another try to remove the band, but they are unsuccessful. Thus, he has to stay close to the car despite many events that would force others away from the car. The car goes over the rail into the sea. Someone forces him out of the car and drives off with the car and the girl. He needs to rescue the girl, but she is on a moving train. How can he do all of these things with the bomb strapped to his wrist? How can he save her? How can he fight, several times, against more than a half dozen armed men when he is unarmed?
B004DK5CYM|4.0|One of the hallmarks of great Disney movies is that they can take a timeworn tale and, through fine storytelling skills, draw you in to a degree that you worry that the outcome might be other than what you clearly know from the start. One of the best examples is Walt Disney's Cinderella. Will the mice get the key to the tower up the stairs so Cinderella can escape and try on the slipper before the Duke leaves? Oh no, it's broken! Now what?<br /><br />Secretariat isn't a Disney movie on the level of Cinderella, but it's no less a fairy tale. Most already know the ending, but there is a lot of involvement in the journey to that fateful race. It's inspired by real people and events -- the real Penny Chenery Tweedy even has a cameo -- but the opposing horse owner's snarkiness is apparently exaggerated and there are the customary Hollywood changes to add to the drama.<br /><br />Most folks won't be watching Secretariat for razor-sharp accuracy. Like my son, who knew nothing of this great horse's story yet was compelled by every second of the movie. It's pretty much the old-fashioned Hollywood never-say-die all-seems-lost saga that has clicked since Mickey Rooney was the number one star in the entire world (as he would tell you right now if he were in the room with you or anyone else).<br /><br />Some compared Diane Lane's look to Pat Nixon, but there's more Mad Men's Betty Draper to her in my view. Her dubious yet loving spouse, played by Dylan Walsh, is straight out of the Jon Hamm \\"bubble\\" (see 30 Rock). But Lane does a creditable job with cool, quiet strength (she would have been a GREAT Hitchcock blonde). John Malkovich, always the focal point of any of his screen time, plays a crusty but benign (see Network) trainer. Like the film, he's very entertaining. My favorite is Margo Martindale, one of those actresses who can say volumes with her face and no dialogue -- and reminds me a little of Fran Ryan, that Hungry Jack biscuit commercial lady who also used to be on The Doris Day Show and Green Acres.<br /><br />The film is gorgeously mounted, director Randall Wallace and his crew making the most of every inch of the screen space and the locations. But gee whizzies, if you don't have a Blu-Ray player and you'd like to hear his commentary, tough tomatoes, folks.<br /><br />Blu-Ray is very nice, and a film like this really benefits from the enhanced visual and audio qualities that the format provides. Up until recently, consumers have had a choice. If they stuck with standard DVD, they might lose a few bonus features, but largely enjoy the same rights and privileges of those who have Blu-Ray.<br /><br />Now the \\"haves\\" are being separated from the \\"have nots.\\" Those who could not afford or simply did not want to switch to Blu-Ray were denied seeing Destino, Roy E. Disney's dream project, because it was left off the Fantasia/Fantasia 2000 standard DVDs.<br /><br />Now the \\"have nots\\" cannot hear a director's commentary on Secretariat, a bonus feature that has nothing to do with a better picture or enhanced sound quality. They are being left out. They do not \\"count.\\" It may be shrewd marketing, but this sort of thing is not very considerate to those who are still paying hard-earned and very tight money to buy home entertainment, regardless of the format.<br /><br />On another note, Disney owes a debt of gratitude, at least in part, for Craig Ferguson's role in Secretariat's box office success. Ever since the film's release, he's featured a backhanded \\"tribute\\" on his late night talk show in which a pantomime horse dances to disco music every time the doorbell rings. It seems silly, but it's good promotional stuff. Ferguson's going to be the voice of Owl in the upcoming Winnie the Pooh feature. Good for him!n Acres.    The film is gorgeously mounted, director Randall Wallace and his crew making the most of every inch of the screen space and the locations. But gee whizzies, if you don't have a Blu-Ray player and you'd like to hear his commentary, tough tomatoes, folks.    Blu-Ray is very nice, and a film like this really benefits from the enhanced visual and audio qualities that the format provides. Up until recently, consumers have had a choice. If they stuck with standard DVD, they might lose a few bonus features, but largely enjoy the same rights and privileges of those who have Blu-Ray.    Now the \\"haves\\" are being separated from the \\"have nots.\\" Those who could not afford or simply did not want to switch to Blu-Ray were denied seeing Destino, Roy E. Disney's dream project, because it was left off the Fantasia/Fantasia 2000 standard DVDs.    Now the \\"have nots\\" cannot hear a director's commentary on Secretariat, a bonus feature that has nothing to do with a better picture or enhanced sound quality. They are being left out. They do not \\"count.\\" It may be shrewd marketing, but this sort of thing is not very considerate to those who are still paying hard-earned and very tight money to buy home entertainment, regardless of the format.    On another note, Disney owes a debt of gratitude, at least in part, for Craig Ferguson's role in Secretariat's box office success. Ever since the film's release, he's featured a backhanded \\"tribute\\" on his late night talk show in which a pantomime horse dances to disco music every time the doorbell rings. It seems silly, but it's good promotional stuff. Ferguson's going to be the voice of Owl in the upcoming Winnie the Pooh feature. Good for him!
0316077054|5.0|THIS IS A GREAT SEQUEL TO BEAUTIFUL CREATURES.VERY WELL WRITTEN. KEEPS YOU GUESSING RIGHT UP TO THE LAST PAGE.THE CHARACTERS ARE FAR FROM BORING OR ORDINARY. SUPERNATURALLY INTRIGUING. CAN'T WAIT FOR BOOK # 3!!!!
B003HKN51Q|4.0|I got this for a Christmas present for my boyfriend who loves Elvis and wanted it to play on the PS3.  He watched it a million times.  At first navigating through the menu options was confusing, but maybe because it's our first blu-ray.  I liked it, but I prefer a younger Elvis, but that's just me
B002SAUCBC|4.0|The prmise of the book...The Walk...was pretty weak what was extraordinary was SK use of the walk to promote the dialog between the boys. Why they were on the walk, what it would be like to win, lose, die, growing up, girls. etc, One line in particular just was superb: McVries talking to Garraty about 1st loves...\\"If you are sixteen year old boy, you can't discuss the pains of adolescent love with any decency anymore. You just come off sounding like Ron Howard with a hard on\\" Is that FRICKIN' OUTSTANDING OR WHAT!
B0049UHKVY|5.0|Let me start by saying I love Mercy Falls. It is an amazing album in my opinion, mainly because of the unreal instrumentals and the awesomely catchy melodies.   The Great Escape follows in Mercy Falls' footsteps. The musicianship seems like it might even be a little tighter, and the bass player is as usual superhuman... I don't know how to describe it but you have to hear it to believe it. I really think he might be the best bass player ever to be recorded.   The vocals are excellent, I think the other reviewer hit the nail on the head, sort of a mix between LaBrie and Russel Allan. His voice is really quite good.   Personally, I think the songs were a little catchier on Mercy Falls...that's not to say these songs are not good- they are excellent, but so far they haven't quite hit me as hard as many of the songs on Mercy Falls did...although there are no cheesy speaking parts so The Great Escape has one up in that regard.   All in all it's an exceptional album, I highly recommend it.
B004BRP7R4|5.0|It must not take as much for me as the others to realize he is a genius of a voice! So,  just relax and enjoy that you have it. Totally puts me in a mood, yes, somber, but at least its not corny overdone music. If music makes you feel something, then it has done its job, and so has he on this record. I love his voice and the emotion of it. Just enjoy it while you have a good thing.
B0048EL9O0|5.0|As part of a budget-oriented Christmas, this book served as a welcome surprise from my spouse. While he would have been disappointed with receiving the book, the knowledge that I was a fan ensured that it was money well spent.    TWO CAVEATS:     1. Do not buy this book for someone who does not own or particularly like cats. As other reviews have suggested, it is a book aimed at those familiar with the idiosyncrasies of felines, and a significant portion of the humor relies on that knowledge for the joke to \\"work\\".    2. Don't buy this book before visiting the Simon's Cat website/seeing Simon's Cat videos. If you're contemplating the purchase of this book, it is highly unlikely that this is the first time you have heard of Simon's Cat. However, on the off-chance that you have just stumbled across this book, you would do yourself a disservice to purchase this before exploring its origin. As previously stated, this humor isn't for everyone (including my husband), and there is abundant free material via YouTube videos and simonscat.com to help you decide if this is a book you'll enjoy.
0439023483|4.0|a really good book with plenty of drama, action, and excitement, with some romance and post apocalypticism (i dont know if thats a word) thrown in. definitely inspired by running man, battle royale, and in a way saw, cube, those kinds of movies. overall good, a pg-13 book
B000B8QEZG|5.0|I have been a fan of Madonna's since the 80s though there has been some music I haven't liked.  I love just this CD- it ALWAYS lifts me out of whatever funk I am in and I love the lyrics to so many of the songs even though it's dance music. Crazy but true. I just love this CD and it is one of her best.
1416511946|5.0|This book is quite captivating from start to finish!  Everyone thinks rock stars lives are so easy and fun because of all the fortune and fame and this book shows that's not always the truth.  Nikki Sixx is awesome and even better that he chose to change his life around.  Great book!
0694003611|5.0|I got this book for my 18 month old grandson who is putting sentances together and who loves the moon.  This book was perfect for him with the easy to repeat sentances and the great pictures. I recommend this book for small children.
B001P06GX4|4.0|I bought this game originally as a gift for my niece but my husband and I had so much fun playing that we ended up keeping it.  It says ages 5+ on the box but really I think it would be best for ages 8+.  It is a very challenging thinking game.  The only bad part is that it would be easy to misplace a piece which then makes the game impossible to play.
0316019984|5.0|Fantastic book! Great gift! Gave it to my 3 year old for Christmas because he's very into superheroes right now. He loves it! However, I would supervise when using it since it is a little on the delicate side. But overall it's fantastic!!!
1442337966|5.0|Highly recommend! Best book/audio I've ever come across.  Thank you Miss Rhonda Byrne, for putting this \\"Guide to Life\\" into words.  May it illuminate and serve all who read/listen-to it.
B001383XT8|4.0|This pedal have a nice sound, its easy to use, very good price-quality relation.  With a metalic case would be a excellent pedal, or with another way to change the batteries (it's very easy to broke it changing batteries)
0792839749|5.0|the movie was just like they said and got right out to me.  I would buy from them again.
B000PMLFRA|2.0|Dudes and Dudettes,    I am not a huge Star Wars fan and think the last 3 were pretty terrible, but growing up in the 70's and 80's, The original 3 movies had a huge impact on my adolescence.  I'm confused, why did they alter the movies and why would you sell/purchase an altered movie? I don't care that they updated the sound etc but why did they add scenes in the movies?  It sticks out like a sore thumb and is about as fresh as a Foghat concert.  That jazz pop number in Jedi is just terrible.  No thanks, makes me cringe thinking about watching the edited jedi again.  I think I would rather sit on a spoon and watch jersey shore on my tivo.
B00006I53S|5.0|Love this lens!  Good sharpness at F8 (rivals a Canon 24-70 F2.8 wide open).  Decent sharpness elsewhere except for 35mm wide open.  Got this lens after 2 professional wedding photographers recommended it to photographers on a budget.  The focal length range is excellent.  Probably the most outstanding feature of this lens is the USM focusing.  It focuses FAST, quiet and with perfect focus.  This lens over achieves a bit as it is not the sharpest lens around but it nails the focus every time making it seem sharper than perhaps other lens that have the potential to be sharper if they had as good of focusing system. The USM is the focus system used on Canon's L series so it is the best focus system Canon makes - it shows!  Wedding Cake maker picked my picture of the cake over a friend's picture of the same - he shot it with a Canon 40D with Canon's 24-105 F4 L lens and photo shopped the picture.  I just used Canon's delivered DPP software and a Canon T1i.  So this lens is good enough are you?
B003CFBQBW|5.0|I receive this CD sooner than I thought. I actually was listening to this CD before christmas which really made me very happy!! The CD was really nice and my favorite song on the CD was written by Sia \\"My Love\\" which took me right back to the movie again!! Thanks for getting it to me sooo fast!
0452284392|5.0|This book adds a slightly intellectual edge to the urban myth of six degrees of separation, but its not so stuffy. With a slight rambling mood to it, it's keeps a bit of the coffee shop air to the conversation.<br /><br />One element I found that resonated with Crowdsourcing was the reference toward the \\"fair space\\" act believed to be the Internet.  Once again, I read the books in the wrong sequence, since Crowdsourcing was publishing in 2008 and this one in 2002. Regardless of my temporal failures, Crowdsourcing talks about how divine it is that the \\"crowd\\" separates the cream for us so we aren't subjected constantly to all the rubbish people publish on their websites. However, Linked bemoans the lack of true \\"democratization\\" coming from the Internet because even though we call all publish our opinions, most people will never seen them -- thank heaven for that!<br /><br />Still, I disagree with Linked in that while not everyone gets a fair and equal ration of global attention, it is democratic in that its nearly impossible for any entity to curb it and it is only subjected to the \\"tyranny of the majority.\\" Still, I, for one, am deeply thankful that the search engines ignore a lot of the millions of pages I'm not looking for and usually help me find the info/pages I am looking for by following the crowd.<br /><br />Philosophic differences notwithstanding, I loved this book and highly recommend it. I do agree with other reviewers that it isn't a strongly academic tome, but for my part, I think that's a selling point. A bibliography would still be a nice addition to future copies of this text or, better, a website or blog to provide the bibliography and an area for discussion. This book certainly lends itself to coffee shop or online chats.
B00004STPT|5.0|This is a awesome soundtrack it is fun and enjoyable to listen to the best songs on this soundtrack are all of them. if you have not listened to this soundtrack then i recommend you do
B002SG8A56|5.0|These guys are funny. Kind of pricey at the time to purchase the complete series plus CD. The CD only has 6 songs. To save money I should have purchased the complete series without CD. The 6 songs are:    Business Time  If You're Into It  I'm Not Crying  The Most Beautiful Girl In The Room (Live)  Banter (Live)  Robots (Live)    I see the price for the complete series with CD is drastically reduced compared to what I paid. Whether you buy the complete series with or without the CD doesn't matter. You still get a good deal and looks like free shipping.
B000002OOY|5.0|This is an awesome soundtrack. It is fun and enjoyable to listen to. The best songs on this soundtrack are all of them. if you have not listened to this soundtrack then i recommend you do
B0042JTDXK|2.0|The anticipation of this cd was kin to that of waiting for the ketchup to make its way out of that bottle in that old commercial. With several years between studio cds(noel doesnt count as its a seasonal genre), I had high hopes and expectations. I just knew that when I loaded illuminations into my cd player that I would be mesmerized by josh's voice, lyrics and music. I was NOT. I know that artists have the right to do what they want but  for as long as it took for this cd to drop, it does not stand up to his past work. To compare with his past work and use of my skip button.....1. debut cd: skip button not used, 2. closer: skip button not used 3. awake: skip button not used 4. illuminations: may break skip button as it is used cosntantly. There are only 2 songs that really jump out at me and they are \\"higher window\\" & \\"voce existe in mim\\". My advice is to borrow a copy, give it a listen and then decide to buy or not!
B000002AT6|5.0|This is a awesome soundtrack it is fun and enjoyable to listen to. the best songs on this soundtrack are all of them. if you have not listened to this soundtrack then i recommend you do
1594202842|5.0|I am amazed at some of the reviews of this book.  I absolutely LOVED this book, and I am not sure that some of the reviewers actually read it to the end.  Chua pretty much learns that she was over the top in the methods that she used to raise her kids.      That being said, this book showed me why other countries' education systems are outperforming ours.  Sure, this mom was way over the top, but if you look at the standards that she upheld, I can see why other countries' kids are doing better than our own.  There is a drive for the PARENTS to make up the difference where the schools may come short.  I found this book enlightening.  I'm not going to berate or insult my children to get them to perform, but when they are having a hard time with the 7s in multiplication, I might just work with them using flash cards to help them succeed.    Addendum: This memoir was started the day after her second child had a meltdown as a reflection of her experience as a mother.  She says so at the end of the book (for those who never finished it).  This was not intended as advice for parenting.  She is simply sharing her story of how she produced overachieving kids and the result of that process. If we only read flowery accounts of parenting or life we would never learn anything, would we?    Also, my impression was that she was not trying to be racist when she spoke about Chinese parenting.  China is a country where most of the people are from the same race, but if you think about all the reports we read about \\"American culture\\" and how \\"Americans\\" raise their children we don't think of that as racist.  We are a country, just like China, with a culture of our own.  Just because we have some diversity we don't see this distinction as racist.
B002ZG981E|5.0|This is one of the best movies I have ever seen. As soon it was over, I wanted to watch it again. All I have to say
B002SEW5WW|5.0|Much different from earlier work.  Their earlier work was great but this has a new sound to it that just really intensifies the lead singers voice
0312600844|3.0|I expected to be dazzled by \\"Freedom.\\" I expected to be provoked to consider the nature of Freedom as a central tenet of American Identity. I expected to be jealous of the writer who has been anointed as one of the great hopes for the modern American novel.  I have avoided The Corrections for a decade, I felt I needed to attack this new book to understand why his books are critically lauded and sell so well.    I wasn't dazzled. I wasn't wiser about the American psyche and moral fabric in the early 21st Century, I wasn't even jealous.      Much to my surprise, I was entertained.      I was entertained even as I doubted the credibility of the characters and the situations. Walter as the iconic good man is also the iconic angry man? Walter's involvement with the Cerulean Mountain Trust and obsession with population growth? Lalitha? The anti-seductress seductress who came to life and couldn't disappear from the scene too soon. What was the whole Joey/Jenna dance about and why did it take up so much of the book? Joey as a 19 year-old meandering through the arms procurement underworld in Poland and Paraguay? Why was this whole sub-plot a part of the book? These flaws, or perhaps failed attempts at satire were subsumed by my pleasure at recognizing the personalities and internal conflicts as being true to life.  I was especially seduced by Patty's voice in the sections of the novel that she narrates -- I would have enjoyed the book even more if it hadn't strayed from her point of view and the story of her marriage.    Despite incongruities of character and absurdities of plot, it is only when Franzen pulls back from the voyeuristic glee of looking closely at flawed, and recognizable people, to shift the novel to the level of social documentary and criticism, that the book truly fails. He is not a novelist of ideas and his lack of philosophical grounding, his need to for detachment and critical distance sabotages the emotional resonance that he has built through characterdevelopment.  In the end, Freedom does not pull the reader towards a greater understanding of what Freedom is in modern America, nor even understand whether it is a state of grace or an unattainable chimera. By grasping for a greater canvas, Franzen diminishes his book and obscures the insights a more focused and less grandiose examination of a modern family could have provided.
B00003JRCQ|5.0|If you love period dramas you will like this version of Jane Austen's PERSAUSION. This is my favorite version. Well done British classic film.
B00005ASHM|5.0|Overall positive transaction; good communication and status reports from seller; the CD is just what I wanted.  Thanks Amazon for helping.
B002ZG9846|5.0|If you like that \\"Kill Bill\\" type movie, then you'll like this. This is A very Kool Movie. I have two Copies just in case one breaks. My Kids love it too...
B001IBIHQ4|5.0|I am an Englishman (Yorkshireman ) and served in the Royal Navy for over 10 years and have had the Honour (sorry Honor) of serving alongside US Marines... (I did meet one who was a total arse but then I found out his colleagues felt the same!!)...... I met most in the Phillipines...way back in 1988... I could go on and bore you with stories but I'll just say this......... If I could spend a lifetime as a guest and friend of The Queen, or David Beckham, if I could go back in time and write with Willy Shakespeare OR briefly shake the hand of a United States Marine with a Battle Star I would choose the latter any day of the week.... To the USMC and all the Americans who have fought with us and for us, thank you for helping overwhemingly for giving my daughter a life of freedom.... Thank you thank you THANK YOU x
B000NVL9FQ|5.0|I used to listen to this on Import LP years ago.  Finally rebought this 33 years later on Shoutfactory remaster CD.  I have a decent headphones and a DAC WOW type USB Digtal to Analog converter.  The audio on the remaster is fine - not stupendous - but certainly not lacking.  Fine enough for me to get lost in the musical experience without harshness or complaint about poor sound quality.  I love the content, the songs, the performances.  This was prog / rock in it's earliest stages, experimental...in ways that would seem conservative / dated now to some.. but yes experimental in a * good * way.  Improvisations are explored and it feels like you are invited along.  Take a Pebble is literally a &#34;river&#34; of sound at one point. It takes me places - to a place of wonder.  I find the whole album holds up to repeated listening.  I tend to play this style of music in fall /winter.  If you want a taste of the best of old school proto prog rock with a strong classical piano influence then this is it.  UPDATE 3/13/2016:   I was sad to read that Keith Emerson passed away a few hours ago at age 71.   He was a great guy, gifted and very funny to boot.   He will always be an icon of excellence in the prog rock world.
0882847953|5.0|I've only been using this book for a few days and already I have noticed improvements in my stick control and rhythm.
B002ZG98UA|5.0|I am alex and i am reviewing over the classic zombie horror movie and this one was spectacular of all of them. Resident Evil Afterlife even though it was rated 3 stars i bought the movie without seeing it and this movie was action packed zombie killing movie and it was fantastic. Alot of action scenes this resident evil action is taken to a whole new level its a must see horror movie.Now it wasnt really scary it wasnt actually horror it was more action packed and i dont like action movies but i loved this one plus it ties together with killing horrible ugly zombies. I loved this movie i loved the zombie killings and there will be another soon!!
1433502410|2.0|I would urge readers of all faiths to be careful when reading the ESV and aware that it may not be quite as \\"literal\\" as the translators lead the reader to believe. I cite two instances: First, I Timothy 4:6, ESV translates the Greek 'entrophomenos' (literally-'nourished')as \\"trained\\" even though this word has been translated 'nourished' from the Geneva Bible of 1560 and by every standard English translation down through the centuries including the RSV and NRSV! It seems the ESV translators decided they needed to improve(?) on Paul's understanding of what the Holy Spirit meant. Unfortunately the NIV translators made a similiar choice.  Second,Hebrews 12:1, the ESV translators chose not to translate the specific Greek adjective \\"ten\\"(\\"the sin\\")at all which changes the meaning of the text from specific 'sin' to 'sin' in general. I am not aware of other changes since I do not care for the ESV's English useage and do not use it on a regular basis. I suspect however that these are not isolated instances.
B0036EH3U2|4.0|Most everyone else has already said it; good stuff, the skin jobs look even better in Blu, and better packaging than the first version. The overall size of the box is smaller than I thought it would be, but that turns out to be a good thing.  I say get it if you have the opportunity.   Good hunting!
B002KSPKRS|5.0|First of all I am writing this review for those of you who are like myself and research like crazy on most of your prospective purchases. First and foremost I would and have recommend the headsets to friends.The Turtle beach X41 headset is in my opinion worth the money. I will say that there is a hiss sound when the volume is turned up on the headset itself but I have read that if you move the transmitter away from your other devices it stops. I guess kind of like electronic feedback. I haven't tried this yet because the hiss really isn't that bad and disappears during gameplay and chat. I haven't experienced any problems in gamechat or party chat as I have heard from other reviews.    The headset is comfy and completely covers your ears for a complete sound experience, with no interference from outside sounds.  Gameplay is truly and noticeably enhanced, and the sounds that are missing from games is almost unbelievable (to me it's the diff between standard and HD, you don't know what your missing until you actually see it). As for any positive review of this headset ... believe the hype! They do what they say they do. For those who want a little more in depth review of the game enhancement, read on. I have tried the headset on a few games and here is what I've found. So far I have only tried the headset on an analog connection (using the TV out with RCA jacks for left and right) I will update you as to the difference if any with using the digital optic cable for 7.1 surround sound.     Assassin's Creed Brotherhood (multiplayer)- (on analog) 1/2/2010 I can hear actual foot steps splashing when walking through puddles, character grunting when swinging on hanging pots, can hear character wincing in pain from high jumps, barkers speaking to the crowd, heels clicking while walking around, and every sound is enhanced tremendously.     Gears of War - (on analog) 1/2/2010 I can actually hear running water on gridlock, footsteps are amplified in the direction they come from,running water on clocktower(which I didn't know had a river on it lol), generators inside the warehouse on fuel depot, water on canals, the ticking of a frag is greatly enhanced and direction can be better pinpointed. The over all sound of the entire game is amplified, more ambient, and simply amazing.  Explosions are not overpowering but do give deeper depth to the destruction that was caused      NBA 2K11 - (on analog) 1/2/2010 The background crowd is awesome, the ball dribbling is greatly enhanced, the players on the court can be heard clearly, the ball hitting the net from a jump shot sounds like your right under it.    Project Gotham Racing 4 - (on analog)  1/2/2010 Wow! I can hear the sound of the RPM's revving letting me know when to shift. The sweet sound of hitting the bumps in the road almost sounds like I can feel it. The sound of the wind blowing across my windshield, rain coming down and splashing through puddles, and applying the brakes an E-brake. It is unbelievable how much audio is missed and wasted on even stereo surround sound systems. It has improved my driving and helps me to hear other cars behind me (now that's sick)      Splinter Cell Conviction - 1/5/2011(on analog) Played Deniable Ops and I can hear the actual conversations on the walkie talkies of enemies across the room. The sound of radio's playing on office desks. I shot out a light bulb and could hear not only the glass breaking, but, hitting the floor.     ***Update: 1/14/2011(digital optical) Okay, now that I've used the digital optic cable for a week straight, I can say in my humble opinion, WOW! I'm even more blown away by the quality of the headset than initially. You simply have to get these. The volume although not monstrously loud, is awesome in and of itself. I challenge anyone to try these and return them. It truly does enhance and step up your game. On Gears of War I can pinpoint exactly where the enemy is; not just the left or right but the real direction. And using the headset on Resident Evil 5 added a truly scary ambience to the game that was being missed. There are zombie growls all through the game that's just outright eerie. I give this headset a strong 5 out of 5.
0307595579|5.0|I am not rating the trilogy, but the deluxe box set. If you have not had a chance to get into this popular Swedish crime trilogy, this is your perfect opportunity to buy them in the best way without wasting any money on lesser products. When the regular price for this set is set at 99, getting it at 39.50 is a perfect steal.  The person that received the two separate packages with torn packaging was just unlucky, or something. The package I received reveals a flawless, massive slipcased set of cloth bound books without dust- jackets...a real luxury setup with a binding that *should* last.  I recommend jumping on this while you can. Price check other book stores to see what a steal this is right now.
0060936223|5.0|This is a beautiful memoir and tribute to friendship and youth.  Patti   Smith also describes a singular time and place in New York City and does it with love and respect.
B00009PBRP|1.0|it has been a month and i have not received it yet. does it always take this long to get a movie? it might be good if it ever arrives.
B003EV6DBM|2.0|We have been Dr. Who fans for many years.  However, we got the DVD version of the fifth season and, at least on the disks we got, the sounds reverberated so badly in many scenes, especially inside closed spaces such as the Tardis, that we had to turn the sound off and read the subtitles instead. It is hard for us to believe that such an irritating sound recording could have been intentional.
B0034G4P7G|5.0|This is hands down my favorite movie of the year. As much as I loved Inception, I favored this one over it. It's much more than a movie about Facebook. It is a tale of friendship, greed, and betrayal. I can't explain what made it so great. It's just a really good movie. The entire cast did an incredible job of portraying the people depicted. It's very hard for me to describe the entire plot. Don't walk away from this movie. It's worth seeing for everyone.  The only bad thing about this movie, is the case. The cover slips right off after taking off the plastic. After that, you're left with a black case with the text from the movie poster. While it sounds cool, it's annoying. I found it very hard to take the movie out of the case. I had to spread the case to take the movie out, thus possibly damaging the case. I would have much rather preferred to have the simple black case. I have it out for whoever designed the case.  Either way, it's a great movie that will be sure to pull you in. I never lost interest. Highly recommended.
030746363X|5.0|It was brilliant to see Tim Ferriss's 80/20 based approach applied to something as conventional as exercise. He truly knows how to get the most bang for your proverbial buck, and that is exactly what this book offers.
B002AWJEU8|5.0|In January 2008, I reviewed Steve Vai's \\"Visual Sound Theories\\" DVD for Amazon and basically said, \\"I don't think this Steve Vai performance can be topped\\"... Well, it has been topped and Steve Vai did it with this DVD release, \\"Where the Wild Things Are\\". I'm not going to write a long, sappy review but simply state to you... I highly highly recommend this DVD!!!  -  Enjoy!
1594202842|5.0|Amy Chua's book is a heartwarming and funny memoir of extreme parenting.  It's also incredibly well-written, which is why I gave it the highest rating; every single page reads easily.     Those who give the it a 1-star rating either haven't read the book--the Wall Street Journal excerpt was not completely representative--or have little appreciation for people who do things differently.  Chua's results are hard to argue with: smart, happy, successful daughters.      But the book isn't a regurgitation of the perfect parenting style; it's a story about the obvious merits of the \\"Chinese style,\\" but also a story about how that parenting style required little differences with a different child.  It's a meditation on how tragedy can affect our worldview and shake our confidence.  And, like I said, it's really, really funny.      Those Western parents who expect to be told that they're terrible parents should read the book--it's not about that.  Those \\"Chinese\\" parents who expect to hear that their methods are the best should read the book, too--it's also not about that.  It's just one mother's story.  People should read and review it with that in mind, not criticize the book because they disagree with the author's parenting style--or worse, criticize the book based a short excerpt in the Wall Street Journal.
B000PMLFRA|5.0|The Star Wars alpha-nerds have invaded!  Please stop clogging the reviews for discs that have not come out yet!  Go back to your Star Wars cave and stay in your corner in a fetal position until the BR officially comes out.
B0028MBKVG|5.0|I was so surprised how much I enjoyed this book.  I wanted to run.  I was entertained and learned a lot.
0312600844|3.0|I would recommended this book with the understanding that it is pop fiction, not literature. The plot kept me reading and the variety of sub-plots kept me surprised. Don't expect any depth, but it's an exciting run and I'm glad I read it.    I wonder if I will remember or care about these characters a year from now.
B0017SWPXY|4.0|This is a touching story.  I appreciated the integrity of the dog owner.  So often authors feel they must add some terrible failing to a character to make a story more interesting.  These characters were real and admirable.  I now look at my dog differently.
B001URY5IU|5.0|The Star Wars Echo Base arrived on time and was brand new as promised!  My 9 year old Grandson put it together by himself and loves it!
B004EI3ON4|4.0|The music to this is stunning to me. I really enjoyed the way daft punk took their time two years and it shows. The music is a very excellent mix of classical and techno. There was a lot of action, danger, meditation, thoughtfullnes and even some good emotions with the adigo track. I enjoyed the solar sailor track very much, very 'traveling' in many ways. The action and danger in the early scenes was well imparted in the music and Disc Wars, you can tell some serious butt kicking going on. What I enjoyed most about this is that the way the two genres of music came together so very well and so thoughtfully. I was a bit peved that is is only a partial realease but sufficeint to get a very good idea of the music in the movie. Frontier was a very good track, I mean you can almost picute moving and movement in a dramatic way. If you love classical music, this is something to consider, if you like techno they have that even a chill dance trac from the 'club' the characters visited, this is something to consider. So overall I enjoyed the trac, it was short on plenty of them but then again you don't always need long tracs. if you want a unique experience in soundtracks this is something I would consider seriously as a download and the digital booklet with it offers some intersting insights that really add to the overall experience of this work. I didn't even know these guys existed till this soundtrack and I think it is a superb intro to them. From this, I plan on investiagating more of their work. GOod job guys.
B000EZ7ZXQ|4.0|I have to admit that I am not a big fan of many of Adam Sandler's movies. I thought he was funny on \\"Saturday Night Live\\" but I find many of his movies dissappointing. Some I find just not good (\\"Zohan\\") while others I find good for a while then they lose steam.(\\"Chuck & Larry\\", \\"Click\\" \\"Spanglish\\") Most of his movies I'll find some funny or amusing bits but not enough to sustain a whole movie. I keep watching Sandler movies and finally I've found one that is very good from start to finish.  \\"50 First Dates\\"_is a very good movie with a clever premise, a good script and a good supporting cast, especially leading lady Drew Barrymore.  I've liked some of his other films (\\"Big Daddy\\" \\"Bedtime Stories\\") but not as much as this one. It shows that given a good script, Sandler can make good movies. A very solid 4 stars here.
B0045I6X90|5.0|This is one of the best movies that I have seen in several years.  My friends and I have seen the movie 3 times, bought the CD soundtrack and play it all the time.  The music has encourgaged me to get up and move!  As soon as DVD comes out, I will buy it! Both Christina and Cher were awesome in the movie and the songs are wonderful.  In fact, I am stilling at work right now, playing the CD as loud as possible.
B0044XV3R8|5.0|My review of this product,    Excellent, we are very pleased big Avatar fans.  The product came in good conditon, no complaints we are happy    Thank you    Lottie Da
1601251505|5.0|I shall make this brief: after reading (but not participating in) the Pathfinder Beta test, I'd followed the development of this system since its inception with significant interest. However, it seemed like a significant investment to drop on a curiosity. But when my girlfriend purchased said book for me as a gift, I dove right in.<br /><br />Oh my goodness would this have been worth every cent.<br /><br />Paizo has done an unprecedented thing: get a bunch of seasoned gamers - who speaking for myself if nobody else, border on pretentious elitism when it comes to systems - well and truly excited and enthusiastic about a D20 product.<br /><br />The thing that truly makes Pathfinder shine, is the attention to detail. Whether it's the sound mathematical foundation of the core mechanics (the results of ta 50,000 player playtest - the largest such playtest in RPG history) or the stunning art and presentation, the one thing that Pathfinder constantly succeeds at communicating is a sense of wonder and excitement.<br /><br />The book itself essentially combines player's and GM's guides, so you've really got everything that you need out of the box, save a Monster Manual, or as Paizo calls it, a Bestiary. Conversely, you could make things work with a little extra time and a focus on conflict with other sentient races, as opposed to various boogums. Not that I don't love me some boogums, I'm just saying.<br /><br />To sum it up, I will quote some friends, who after getting their hands on my copy, declared it a \\"huge, delightful nerd tome.\\"<br /><br />It should be pointed out, this is a lot of book. If you get mugged walking home, you could easily take out a thug or two with one swing of this massive test.
B000068VHS|5.0|This album creates a sense of peace in me that is beyond description. It's like being on drugs or painkillers. The initial guitar on Animal Instict says it all, you immediatly get the impression that this will be music to clear your mind, not to clog it with depression and bad feelings, as their first two albums. Dolores' voice is also a little more relaxed, less dramatic, but still exquisite.    Now, I am not saying their first two albums are bad, in fact they are very good, but in Bury the Hatchet, Dolores and company have effectively exorcised their demons, maybe through the homage to their faithful departed.    Promises is my favorite song from this album. It's got such power and excitement, it thrills me like few songs did back in that time. Just my imagination is also a very enjoyable tune. It brings me so much peace and comfort, a feeling of being totally in love, in harmony, with your special one, with yourself and with the world. It brings that nice feeling of having nothing to do on a Saturday morning, and just stay in bed with the person you love, doing silly things like having breakfast in bed or just watching TV. Totally love this tune.    I find Copycat a funny song, and still very true. No personality in this world anymore, just \\"copycats\\". Fee Fi Fo is another of my favorites in here. It really recreates the sickness of child abuse. Dolores, as many other irish singers and composers, is very concerned with the topic, as it has hit Ireland so much. This tune really brings into the skin the scary goosebump feelings of the thought of pedophilia.    The extra songs in here are not really a plus, but not bad either. For the above reasons, this is my favorite Cranberries album.
B004D7GU3M|5.0|This is worth the money if you're buying it as a collectible AND it's worth the money if you're buying it for great sound on vinyl. The sound is incredible. I had a lot of trouble getting my hands on this record, because it's out of stock EVERYWHERE and was VERY glad to have finally found it on Amazon. Do yourself a favor and pick this up.
B001GCUO5M|5.0|i have a very short attention span for movies. but i watched this one twice in week!! This has got to be my favorite movie of 2010. Watched it once, then watched it again. You will not be disappointed! Made me get back into the movies that make you think as oppossed to the ones that i love like Iron Man! My best pick of 2010!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
B000VBIGD6|1.0|Terrible, because I never received this DVD from the Seller, and sent replys to them and they never replied.  That seller was Lola Teacher.  Still waiting for the 2 DVD that I ordered from them.
B000002O4S|5.0|The album arrived fast and the music on it was great. The only bummer about the whole thing was that it didn't have \\"The sandman or davy crocket\\" but thos can be downloaded sepretly. Otherwise this is a great album
1400052173|3.0|I started out really liking this book.  Although I first heard of HeLa cells (as I vaguely recall we were told she was \\"Helen Lane\\")  back in med school in the 70's (not so far from the Lacks' family home), I really didn't know that much about them, even that I had benefited from them when I joined the lines for the new polio vaccine in the 50's.  So I liked the scientific history.  The basic story of Henrietta and the sociology of race and medicine back then was also interesting.   BUT, the book devolved into a bloated history of the tenacious efforts of the author to get close enough to the family to get their stories, as well as their various stories.  Some of it was interesting, some was simply TMI.  And, although those stories shed some light on the consequences of the \\"medical apartheid\\" of the 50's, 60's, 70's etc., they also showed the family as rather dysfunctional and apparently greedy in a selfish sounding way, making one wonder about their claims for the profits that came not only from their mother's cancerous cells, but the dogged efforts of scientists to use them for the benefit of others (and the pioneers did it with no thought of monetary reward).  Additionally, although there were more acknowledgments than in 10 average nonfiction books, with multiply redundant readers and fact checkers, some statements crept in that were either scientifically/historically inaccurate, or simply conjectures.  These seemed to serve a polemic purpose that didn't fit in with an accurate history, and weren't really necessary; there was already plenty of info in the book about how badly poor black people were treated by society, including academic medicine.  For those who care, I'm referring in part to Henrietta's mentally challenged/damaged daughter (and who gave her congenital syphilis, the evil, white medical establishment?), who, according to the official at the state hospital, probably? (not certainly) underwent pneumoencephalography, which the author describes as abarbaric study involving drilling holes in the skull.   Yes, the procedure started that way in the early century, but by the time the daughter might have been studied, it was routinely done via a lumbar puncture.   It was not a benign test, but there were no CT or MRI scans in those days, and it was also done on patients who weren't poor or black or confined to awful state institutions.  (I don't discount that whoever had it at that institution probably didn't give informed consent.)  Soon thereafter, the author described daughter Deborah's hives and erratic behavior as likely related to uncontrolled diabetes and hypertension.  I've seen plenty of that, and that's not a conclusion I would jump to.   And what does all that have to do with the primary story?  The bulk of the second half of the book was the bonding of the odd couple Rebecca and Deborah, not Henrietta and HeLa cells.  These may be minor points, but for me they detracted from the overall impact of the story, and I couldn't help but wonder if there were other questionable statements in the book, even if I didn't have the knowledge to question them.    The author stated that the book was edited down considerably.  Not enough, IMO.
0735619670|5.0|I read this book when I started my first job after getting a BS in Computer Science.  I highly recommend it being read by people just starting out.  It would certainly be profitable for experienced developers to read it as well.  This book instilled in me a passion for development.  Prior to reading this book, I had never been that interested in reading about my profession.  Now I can't stop.    There is a lot of information that you may already know in this book.  But there will certainly be some new information and many reminders of things you haven't thought on for some time.  The book talks about managing software complexity and really hits on the importance of readability.
B001KVZ6G6|5.0|Grab your husband or significant other (after packing off the kids for a sleep over, if applicable), pour some F.A.B.s (frosty adult beverage) and snuggle up on the couch to watch UP! A wonderful, touching movie about a widower who takes pleasure in circumventing those who would have him move to Shady Acres nursing home and give up the home he and his wife, Ellie, made. Walter, our protagonist, is known as a crotchety old man. What most people don't know is that Walter is a lonely man since his wife and life-long love died. They never made their dream trip to Paradise Falls. Like most of us of a certain age, we plan and dream, hoping to fulfill that dream one day. One day never came for Ellie and Walter; but now that the powers that be think he should be in a retirement home, Walter has a Plan. Unfortunately, or perhaps fortunately, a young scout (Russell), trying to achieve a badge for Elderly Assistance, is caught up in Walter's plan to foil the well-meaning social worker.<br /><br />This is a Disney/Pixar Studios film, so the images are just spectacular. I have seen the behind the scenes video (included on the discs) where the team of artists travels to Tepui in South America, the area Walter (& Russell) have their adventure. It's amazing how realistic the animation depicts the natural beauty of this area! I don't normally watch the \\"Extras\\" that come with a dvd, but in this case, made an exception and throughly enjoyed them. From the 3 shorts (including alternate endings) to the aforementioned trip by the artistic team to South America. Another disc is devoted to in depth behind the scenes and documentaries showing their studies of geriatrics to dog breeds. Everything very informative and not boring. The set also includes a digital copy of the movie [[ASIN:B001KVZ6G6 Up (Four-Disc Blu-ray/DVD Combo + BD Live) [Blu-ray]]]. There is also a game (Global Guardian Badge game--a geography skills game that can be set for different skill levels), a 'deleted scene' piece on married life and a montage of stills (kinda a blooper reel feel) of various characters doing funny things/situations. Very funny stuff, especially for children.<br />All in all, this is a lush, amazing movie--both the story line as well as the animation. Characters are well developed and mostly (with one notable exception) likeable...especially the dog! Lots of life lessons included, par for Disney. A great way to spend a day or night (or both for all the discs!). Amazon has a GREAT PRICE on this set, better by far than any local stores. Combined with the awesome shipping and customer service, you cannot go wrong purchasing this Up set! Buy it today, schedule that one-on-one time with the love of YOUR life and another viewing with the family. Even my 76 year-old mother loved this movie. Make sure you buy [[ASIN:B003YZOGO4 Puffs Ultra Soft and Strong Facial Tissues, Family Boxes, 744-Count]] to have on hand for viewing, it is a quite touching, moving story of love and life! Highly recommended.ied life and a montage of stills (kinda a blooper reel feel) of various characters doing funny things/situations. Very funny stuff, especially for children.  All in all, this is a lush, amazing movie--both the story line as well as the animation. Characters are well developed and mostly (with one notable exception) likeable...especially the dog! Lots of life lessons included, par for Disney. A great way to spend a day or night (or both for all the discs!). Amazon has a GREAT PRICE on this set, better by far than any local stores. Combined with the awesome shipping and customer service, you cannot go wrong purchasing this Up set! Buy it today, schedule that one-on-one time with the love of YOUR life and another viewing with the family. Even my 76 year-old mother loved this movie. Make sure you buy [[ASIN:B003YZOGO4 Puffs Ultra Soft and Strong Facial Tissues, Family Boxes, 744-Count]] to have on hand for viewing, it is a quite touching, moving story of love and life! Highly recommended.
B002MQYOFW|5.0|At first, I was skeptical, but many people at my school have raved about this book. Once I picked it up, I couldn't put it down! The story starts out a little slow, but once Katniss gets into the arena (the bulk of the book) things pick up. Throughout her time in the Hunger Games, I was very enticed. Even though I am not much like her, I found almost all of her inner thinking, motives, and especially feelings for Peeta VERY relatable. This book is very easy to read, but the plot is fantastic. I would definitely recommend this book to readers of all levels. A great read and worth much more than it costs, so BUY IT! You won't regret it at all.
0143034901|5.0|Fortunately, when I started this book there was a monstrous blizzard, and our family was \\"forced\\" to stay inside our snowbound hermitage, curled up by the fireside with our dogs and cat. I sipped wine, listened to Spanish guitar music on Pandora (of course) and became utterly lost in this splendid book.<br /><br />The Shadow of the Wind has everything for the reader's soul: Gothic mystery, tortured romance, dark secrets, poignant loss and longing. I loved Zafon's brilliant plot twists, compelling mysteries and cathartic tragedy.<br /><br />In my busy daily life, I sometimes forget the sheer pleasure of a deep, engaging novel, how it fuels the imagination and honors the emotions of the soul. This book reminded me. What a satisfying treasure!
0760335540|5.0|Great book with lots of information not availble elsewhere.     I have a pretty decent workshop and have always worked on my own cars (I own & restored several vintage cars and motorcycles). When I began considering the purchase of my 2005 Boxster I was somewhat apprehensive due to the lack of information available outside the official Porsche channel. The thought of being at the mercy of my local dealer sent chills up my spine. In fact, this thought greatly delayed my purchase of what turned out to be a great car.     With this book, I am happy to say this situation has changed. This manual goes a long way in taking the mystery out of working on your own Porsche. It is very well organized with clear text and many great photos and tips. I am still reading through it all but already the car looks much less complex to me and my mind is more at ease in terms of what I can do myself to keep ownership costs reasonable.      I also like that the author points out known problems with the cars (problems Porsche will not admit to) and solutions available in the aftermarket. Engine design flaws and failure modes are discussed (such as the itermediate shaft bearing failure problem) and the models most affected are identified. I really enjoyed reading the various innovative solutions people have come up with. Photos of various \\"shop made\\" tools were also helpful. An example is the the cam shaft holder tool that locks the cam shaft in place within the head when the cam cover is removed.    Many owners/enthusiasts of sports cars enjoy being able work on their own cars. Why does Porsche (of all companies) not get this? Cheers to the author (an MIT Engineer)for a job well done!    BTW, there are some very good boxter engine rebuild videos on utube... again great to see the information getting out on these cars.
B0040ZA2D6|5.0|I hadn't heard of this group, but my daughter wanted this CD for Christmas.  She has enjoyed it since day one and immediately downloaded it to her ipod.
B000NTPDSW|5.0|This item was purchased as a gift for my adopted son.  He was very, very happy when he opened the box and saw what it was.  He adores the gift.
B00192IV9U|5.0|I've been listening to Michael for two weeks straight now and absolutely love it!  It's much better than his later releases: Blood on the Dance Floor and Invincible.  I'd say it's even better than HIStory (excluding the greatest hits CD). Is it as good as Thriller, Bad, or Dangerous.  No, but it's still awesome!  Tracks 1 (Hold My Hand w/ Akon), 5 (Monster), 8 (Another Day w/ Lenny Kravitz), and 9 (Behind the Mask) absolutely rock!  There should be more than 10 songs on a new release, but 8 of the 10 songs on it are very solid and have replayability (the only weak tracks being 7 (Breaking News) and 10 (Much Too Soon).  If you like Michael Jackson's music, you must add this to your colleciton.
B003S6T62Q|5.0|If you love Joe like I do & haven't had a chance to witness the magic up close and personal this is the next best thing!!!
B00138KKNU|4.0|I'm a Priest fan up to Turbo and find a lot of the 90'a and Ripper Priest almost unlistenable (not all but most). The return of Halford helped the songwriting immensely and the metal is much more straightforward. I enjoyed reading all of the reviewers takes on Lochness. I'm a fan of the Nostradamus CD so I enjoy Lochness (very similiar sound as Nostr.) though the lyrics could be deemed silly at times. If your a fan of Seventies and early to mid eighties Priest I'll think you'll enjoy this CD.
157421327X|1.0|I was hoping this book was going to be a lot more involved, but it turned out to be more of a child's doodle book. I definitely feel like I have wasted my money on this book and I would not recommend it to anyone. There are other sites with free inspiration like flickr, don't waste your money on this book.
B001AQWC2C|5.0|If a metal fan can't wrap their ears around this cd they should be forced to listen to bad hair bands for a month. Halford is in great form and the concept works well. If your a fan of older (70's and 80's) Priest you should enjoy this CD throughly. My only problem is once you start listening its tough to want to listen to just one or two songs.
1600595871|5.0|I loved this book! There are so many different book ideas and inspiration, I can't wait to get started with new mini books and journals! I have made quite a few of my own books but I never felt like I had enough know-how as far as bindings or different construction techniques to do what I wanted, but now I have this book for ideas and reference and I'm so excited!! There are tons of different styles to make accompanied with pictures of the completed project. And for only $10.49 I think this is the best deal I have ever gotten for a creative book! The only thing I think could be improved is that the visual directions are illustrated (they do have well written directions, I am just more of a visual person)and sometimes a bit confusing, I think step by step real photos would be easier to follow. But I am so happy I purchased this book and I see a lot of book making in my future!! I highly recommend this!
B0041CGP02|5.0|I have been a Bon Jovi fans since the beginning and I really think that this the best Greatest Hits Cd I have ever brought, it's got all the greatest hits plus the 4 new ones, which are fanastic.
B004AKCME8|5.0|As I had not read the books at the time, I came at this movie with no knowledge of the characters or the plot that had been covered by the author. As a result I was able to enjoy the movie on its own merits... aside from the vocal pop/rock song that played at one point very briefly - very out of place in such a beautiful and well crafted film. I was not sure if I would enjoy this movie as it was publicised as having been created by the makers of Happy Feet, a film that although beautiful, failed to impress at the storytelling level. The Legend of the Guardians therefore came as a fine surprise indeed. The story was cohesive, well paced, with characters that were distinct and likable. Coming from a 3D animation and visual effects background, I would be the first to nitpick but I really couldn't bring myself to, as I enjoyed it that much.<br /><br />Shortly after viewing the film I purchased the first few books of the series and am now at book 6. I must say that despite SO much of the content having been removed or rewritten, the movie did the best that it could imaginably do in a short time frame. Yes, there is alot of wonderful content missing, but as a lover of the written word I'm happy to go to the books if I want to enjoy all of that. And I certainly encourage those who have enjoyed the movie to do the same! Rather than feeling you know everything that is about to happen because you have seen the film, the books will have plenty of surprises for you since they are so very different.
B00445JSX2|3.0|I've been a Depeche Mode fan for over 25 years; I love their music and most of ther concerts, but since the Exciter tour there has been \\"something\\" that the film of the concert lacks in general : And to my opinion, those are : good camera angles. The Dude behind the direction has another idea of what a concert footage should look like, to me it should add up to the sound, not make it less interesting. This time, seems that they gave cameras to people in the audience and for most part of the concert you can see obstructed views of the performance and your eyes wander off to see what the people in the audience is recording on their cell phones. Before purchasing this concert I went thru the reviews and did not dare to purchase the bluray version mainly because of these reviews that agree about the film. Otherwise I would've pay the double cost of the bluray. Sorry DM production : I do not like the film, otherwise the audio seems pretty decent even in the CD's, not to judge, but DM should hire the guy that directed the cameras for the U2 : 360 tour, the shots add up interest to the music and keeps you hooked even though that concert is almost 2 and half hours long.... Sorry dudes !! . Big time Depeche Mode fan, not so much of this concert's film footage. !
0312370849|5.0|I found this to be a well written novel.  My husband purchased a kindle for me this   Christmas.  This was the first book read on my new Kindle. The story was interesting and fullfilling.
B001SN78JO|4.0|Yes Man starring Jim Carrey was a pleasant suprise comedy from start to finish. Carrey still makes me laugh and I really liked the concept of this film, very orginial. Even \\"deadpan\\" actress/singer Zooey Deschanel actually had some charm to her, really enjoyed her effortless chemistry with Carrey. Yes Man is fun and cute, check it out!
1591840562|2.0|I am sorry but I read this book and I could not help but thinking throughout, this is just common sense.  None of the book related to WHAT to actually do.  It talked about hitting the pavement and doing bootstrapping and a lot of how his own company take the FU out of startup capital.  The whole book was just a reminisce of the days at apple and how capital is there, but you have to work for it.  Duh, that's what I got a book for advice.  Nothing in this book is practical, it's a just a small book written by a guy that is a manager where everything is on the project workflow stage and has ZERO practical things you can do to get money.  There is not even a single suggestion of something like: \\"When getting a loan try to do A, B, or C\\"  Or when starting your model out plan on method A, B, or C.    Nope just a lot of talk on boostrapping, hitting the pavement, not being above your own marketer for your new business.  Double DUH.  My gosh I can't believe anyone can honestly say this book is five stars as their bar for thinking about starting a business must just be a dream and having some manager say common sense ideas in their ears.  Keep in mind most businesses fail within the first year.  Arrghhhh, duh!  Nothing in this book is practical in any sense as NOTHING is written that you could go out and actually apply, no business models, no talk on actual HOW to do anything.  It's a giant book of fluff I feel cheated for having bought.  Beware if you actually want to get anything you can apply out of this book it has next to nothing.
B0038YWPZS|5.0|I love the pic & the late PS is great Wife love the music & 2 days from America when good took 3 weeks in Uk for a 2 hour drive
0553381687|5.0|I seriously want to smack upside the head anyone who gave this book and series under four stars. I have read nearly every fantasy author out there and if you do not like this series, there is something seriously wrong with you; go read one of those novels with Fabian on the cover, maybe that will please you more.
1594202842|5.0|I rate this book 5 stars not because I agree with, or approve of, Amy' Chua's parenting advice.  In fact, I plan on raising my children much, much differently.  However, I found this book to be well written, interesting and hilarious at times!  I devoured it in two days.  And like her or not, the author does not take herself too seriously.  She seems to poke fun at herself throughout the entire book.  I did feel pretty bad for her girls and was pretty horrified by her methods of extreme parenting.  I simply cannot imagine raising children that way.  But the charge of child abuse is a little extreme (but I say that as someone who experienced actual child abuse - I would trade my abuse with Chua's children any day!)    That said, I believe the author has been wrongfully attacked as \\"racist\\" in her use of the terms \\"chinese\\" and \\"western\\" and because people do not agree with the way she raised her children.  This is the Mommy Wars rearing its ugly head again.  Come on people!  This is a MEMOIR, not a how-to manual and the author makes it clear she uses the terminology loosely and that she is not referring to all chinese or western parents.  In fact, the author changes her perspective on parenting (or gets her comeuppance, as she puts it) toward the end of the book.  Admittedly, the author does invite some level of criticism by writing this book in a way that seems to be an attack on western parents.  However, I think people should read the book before reviewing it.  This book should be read as a memoir, not a parenting guide.
0525951652|5.0|I'm about 2/3 through this book and already can't wait for the other two!  When I bought it I wasn't enthused about the time period--I mean, World War I?!?--but now I can't put it down.  I've devoured all of Follett's work--some again and again--and I put this right up near the top--not far below Pillars of the Earth--for memorable characters, a view of events and people that are all the more fascinating because they are so ordinary, lively history that seems almost contemporary, and an engrossing thread that weaves it all together in unlikely ways.  What's more, he does it without over reliance on historical people as secondary characters.  Can't wait for the next ones!  It's like waiting for Harry Potter!  Layne
1401223176|5.0|I'm not a huge Batman man, myself... this graphic novel is actually the first I've read of its kind. I've been around comics and its characters for a while, so I've gathered some knowledge throughout the years. Childhood movies and television shows stuck with me more than I know. With that, this book was still amazing.<br /><br />The story unfolds so well. The use of such a canon of characters is a testament to Jeph Loeb's writing. Batman feels like Batman.<br /><br />Jim Lee's art is actually my most favorite aspect. His style is above and beyond what I thought I knew in comics. I still expect those weird dot-matrix colors and drawings of the old days (Not to say that style doesn't have its charm), but this artwork surprised me. I'm officially on the hunt for other Jim Lee works. The print-style lets these colors pop. Even though it's a paperback, it doesn't feel overly fragile.<br /><br />So, as a new Batman fan, this book is amazing. Just getting into comics? You'll love it. Been into comics? You'll love it.
B001C4CI8U|5.0|Fringe es una de las mejores series que he visto en mucho tiempo. Una trama más que interesante, con buenos personajes, excelentes actores, buenos guiones y la  producción tal cual si fuera una película para cada episodio.  Por mas que le fue bien es USA, quizás no tuvo el reconocimiento (audiencia) que merece, los americanos parecen disfrutar y no cansarse nunca de las series tipo CSI. Pero.. la buena noticia es que aun no es tarde para ponerse a tiro, la serie es joven, va por su tercera temporada.  Comprar este pack es el puntapié inicial para engancharse con una serie que les garantizo van a disfrutar.  En cuanto a los DVD, nada malo que decir, es un buen pack que incluye todos los episodios. Viene en el idioma original y trae subtítulos en varios idiomas incluyendo el español. A destacar que esta subtitulado también el material extra, esto muchas veces es dejado de lado cuando arman los dvd.    google translator says:  Fringe is one of the best series I've seen in a long time. A more interesting plot with good characters, good actors, good scripts and the production such as if it were a movie for each episode.   For more than did well in the USA, perhaps not had the recognition (hearing) it deserves, Americans seem to enjoy and never tire of the type series CSI. But .. The good news is that even not too late to get a shot, the series is young, now in its third season.   Buy this pack is the starting point to engage with a series that I guarantee you will enjoy.   As for the DVD, nothing bad to say, is a good pack that includes all the episodes. Comes in original language and brings subtitles in several languages including Spanish. A subtitled also noted that the extra material, this is often left out when the DVD arm.
B000H0MKO2|4.0|An ingenious comedy about a pro tobacco lobbyist. It's a thinking person's comedy that may very well change the way you look at political issues, argument and persuasiveness in many forms. But that's not why you should see this film. Watch it because it's funny. Very funny. What more reason do you need to see a comedy?
B0041QSZJM|5.0|I heard Pink Martini on NPR's Weekend Saturday with Scott Simon. In early December, Simon brought this group to his listeners. I enjoyed the music from \\"Joy To The World\\" and decided to gift my son's family, my daughter's family, and a good friend (music lover) with CDs. All reports have been outstanding.
B000K7VHQE|4.0|This movie really caught me by surprise.<br /><br />Don't judge this movie by it's cover, like I did. It's a comedy about a family, but it may not be a comedy for family audiences - depending on your family. If you load this one in the DVD and expect to see a kid's flick, you may be in for a surprise - as I was.<br /><br />This is not your father's family comedy. Sure, it's a comedy about a family, but it's probably not what you might expect. This is an outrageous adult comedy.<br /><br />The movie does not rush to build comic momentum. But once it gets going the the laughs are as unstoppable as a fully loaded train speeding downhill. By the end of the movie I was laughing so hard I cried. Literally! When is the last time you laughed so hard you cried?
030746363X|4.0|I learned many things from Tim's book from new views on what you eat and the value of eating enough.  It was interesting to see my personal trainer, Ken Hutchions, mentioned in the book in reference to superslow 20 minute workouts. Superslow does work very well. Also the swimming chapter was a big help for being self taught can now be corrected.       I did find a lack of a step by step approach to the diet so far as age was concerned.  I have been on the diet and blogging as I go [...].  I purchased the hardcover but I will also purchase the Kindle so I can research and takes notes with ease. Everyone should read this book for there are many chapters that will and can be life changing.    Timothy Michael Ricke  speaker/author
B0015DROBO|3.0|I enjoy a good mystery and at times the story had me guessing.  I was bored by the financial storyline and found it difficult to follow.  Overall a good read not great!
B003E8AF5U|5.0|Awesome overall music.  If you like MGMT's first album you'll love the follow up \\"Congratulations.\\"  It might not have the standout tune like \\"Electric Feel\\" but it is an outstanding album that I will be listening to from the beginning to end for years.
B002ZG994U|4.0|The movie as long as the person is not comparing it to the television series is decent. I enjoyed the movie once I stopped comparing it to the original TV series. Yes the characters have the same name and similar personality traits, however from there the similarities end. So as a stand alone from the series, the movie is a fine action packed movie.
B0042X9L6A|5.0|I've had the old, venerable SB80DX. Worked great, but just wasn't... tuned for the D200 or D700 I shoot with. I added a SB600, and that worked better. The SB80DX was relegated to slave flash status and all was good enough.  But neither of these two flashes were all I hoped for. I alway felt I was handing all of my trust over to them with little grasp on what the flash was doing or what the flash's range was given the ISO settings I'd chosen, the f/stop set, the ambient light... I have often longed for the days of manual flashes with the chart on the back, or the old gold standard Vivitar 285 where you could set the ISO to match the camera, and the f/stop, and the dial would indicate the distance range over which it would be able to set itself during the flash.  How clear those were. The SB80DX and the SB600 were nowhere near as clear.<br /><br />I recently sold off the SB80DX and started looking around for another SB600 for a bar mitzvah I'm shooting tomorrow, but I couldn't find a used one. I looked and waited but nothing. So, today, I picked up a new SB700 and took it to a nephew's basketball game. What a treat this is! Set the ISO on the camera, and the flash knows. Set the mode on the camera, and the flash knows! Set the aperture on the body and the flash knows! And then it tells you it's useful range!  I shot at 1600 ISO, f/2.8 and used my 70-200 f/2.8, and the flash gave a 6' to 66' range.  THAT is USEFUL!  My 120 shots came out great!<br /><br />And the included green filter worked great under the fluorescent lights.<br /><br />Also, the Creative Lighting System is one of perhaps 3 capabilities that sets Nikon apart from Canon, the other fine brand.  Earlier flashes had this built in capability of working in groups and wirelessly off-camera, but the controls on the SB700 make it simple to actually use. The features are suddenly readily understandable, accessible and useable without hours of practice. Nikon really thought about the interface on this and made it truly great.<br /><br />The real reason one might consider upgrading to the SB900 is this: the SB900 can accept external power, with is important if you are shooting for hours and hour and don't want to be interrupted changing batteries. That MIGHT be important to a pro.<br /><br />And setting the non-CLS settings could not be easier as well. I really intend to LOVE this flash! You will too.
0316098337|5.0|Room by Emma Donoghue is a fascinating fictional take at a story that compelled the nation in 2009. Jaycee Dugard was kidnapped and held hostage in the kidnapper's backyard for eighteen years, and when she was found, she had two children. In Donoghue's version, a five year old boy named Jack has lived every single moment of his entire life in a small twelve-by-twelve room, seeing no one other than his mother and \\"Old Nick\\" who visits her nightly. Ma and Jack fill their days with Phys Ed routines that consist of running around the room in circles and bouncing on the bed to keep up their muscles, eating carefully portioned meals, watching an hour of TV a day, and reading their nine books. He knows every story and song his mother can remember, but he believes that everything he sees on TV is make-believe because there is nothing outside of Room. Ma shatters his illusions by telling him the true story of how she came to live in Room so that they can come up with a plan for escape, but how will a little boy who has known nothing else react to the Outside? Donoghue does a remarkable job of telling the story through Jack's eyes. He doesn't always understand what he is seeing, but his narration makes actions clear to the reader, a careful balance she does very well. Readers can't help but empathize with this little boy's fears and desire to be safe again, as well as with his mother's need to reclaim her old life. Donoghue's writing reads like nonfiction; it rings so true to the heart, it's almost painful to keep reading. This book definitely earned its title as one of the best books of 2010.
B002ZG98UA|5.0|Maybe it's me but I can't get enough of this series. I know, I know....how many times can Alice (AKA Milla Jovovich) come back to stop the dastardly corporation known as Umbrella, which started the whole Zombie mess in the first place? And maybe it was just me, but I thought that this was the best one by far. Why....well, let me start with a brief synopsis of the movie.     Alice tries to stop the leader of Umbrella (Wesler) by attacking him with several of her clones. After a showdown or all showdowns, it appears that she has been made human again (stripped of her supernatural powers) and she travels to what she thinks is salvation only to find a \\"mind altered\\" Claire who remembers nothing since they separated in the last movie. Following the clues where they go, they find a group of survivors who are living in an abandoned prison. Ironically, in the basement of the facility, in a cage, is Claire's brother who claims to know a way out of the prison.  Of course it is not long before the mindless, yet ever hungry Zombies find a way into the facility and the survivors  are running for their lives. Who will survive and who won't? That's for you to watch the movie and find out.      What I liked about Resident Evil? Well, there  were new characters, among them the sexy Wentworth Miller (Claire's brother)  and Boris Kojoe (Luther West, an athlete). Maybe they were not new, but for someone who knows nothing about the video game or the story line that evolved from it, I was happy to see some newly introduced central characters. I also thought that they were brilliantly cast in their roles and  brought an authenticity to their roles that I was surprised to see. I even liked the guy who played Wesler and thought that he brought a ruthlessness to the part that some may not have. There was even a gigantic executioner who appeared in the middle of the movie that was determined to kill them. He was awesome. And finally, there were wonderful special effects and several fight scenes that made the movie exciting and suspenseful at the same time. Not to mention  a cliffhanger that will send lovers of the series to the movies in droves if there is another sequel. Whatever the formula, the creators of Resident Evil still have that winning formula that made the mindless Zombies theme work.   I enjoyed it and would recommend it!
B0041T4ML4|3.0|Commendable first effort. Some very original, darkly disquieting ideas. Character development was uneven and this led to periods of wondering just what was happening in the book. The depth of the story in this darkly imagined near future keep you reading and Emiko is an intriguing sort of reluctant protagonist. Many of the main characters contain elements of both good and evil but often default to the dark side and easy way out during crunch time just like real life. This was a good book with some plot elements that you have to just take on faith and it does make you think. Looking forward to his next one.
B004529NKC|5.0|Being snowed in allowed me to catch up on some movies that I have wanted to see. I guess you would ask why a person in their 40s wanted to see Step Up 3. I will tell you why....it was pure fun. There was a decent story line, but the dance scenes (especially the guy who rocked the robot) to die for. Ok, now the plot of the film. An aspiring film maker (and dancer) is trying to save his home, which also happens to be the homes for several homeless dancers. Winning a competition will pay the bills and save the warehouse from foreclosure. He has a strong sense of obligation to the kids who live there and finds himself slightly distracted by a beautiful dancer who isn't what she seems. The other main character is a college student who is temporarily ignoring his best friend because of his overwhelming need to dance. The two (the film maker and the college student/dancer) have bonded based a solid friendship out of their love for the arts.     Why them do I give this campy yet charming movie a 5? It was pure fun. It's my opinion that the guy who did the robot scenes stole the show and the water (dance)  sequence  rocked. I also enjoyed the behind the scene stuff and extra videos. The story was easy to follow, and while not to original enjoyable, and the music was great and offered a wonderful escape from reality.  I really enjoyed this movie, simply for what it was, a light-hearted drama about hope and ambition. I gladly give it a 5.
1594202842|1.0|This well-written and witty memoir is a mixed bag. Chua  thinks parents should hold high expectations and encourage kids to work hard and achieve competence. Yes, hurray for that! But her methods, like threatening to take away her daughter's toys, holiday presents, and even dinner if she didn't practice her instrument, are demeaning and inhumane. Plus, they're not typical of Chinese-American parenting. But when you read the alleged glorious results, any parent who wants their kid to reach their full potential may wonder, \\"OMG maybe I should force my kid more!\\" In other words, the book will likely provoke your anxiety. Maybe your anger, too.<br /><br />Don't be fooled. If you have to read this book, read the end first, where Chua realizes her methods were a bust.<br /><br />What's more, Battle Hymn is a minus for cultural understanding, since the memoir plays into the<br />the false and negative stereotype of Chinese mothers.<br /><br />Maybe you like to read horror stories, but if not, why not check out the books written for parents about how to fan the flames of a child's interests while laying down reasonable rules and structures? Maybe they're less sensational. but at least you'll benefit from child development research you can actually use to have a high-achieving kid while preserving a great relationship with him.
B0034G4P7Q|5.0|Great movie from start to finish crafted by David Fincher and Aaaron Sorkin. The movie is definetly the best picture of the year like all the critics say. The performances a good the script is flawless. Don't think that it's just a movie about facebook which it is but it's the ultimate revenge story. Watch it now!!!
1401310400|5.0|Reads just the tv series but with more detail.  More books please!  Cracked me up to no end to have the fictional Richard Castle on the author sleeve.
B00439ISNK|5.0|Fantasy Flight has done a great job of taking the tension of the Space Hulk board game and turning it into a surprisingly tactical card game. Unlike most card-based games that I've played, even after you master the rules and basic strategies of the game, you will still be challenged with unexpected decisions and situations.
B002ZG999U|4.0|If you enjoyed the action pictures of the 70's,80's and 90's you'll like this movie. It was a kick to see so many of the stars in one movie.  If you're looking for entertainment, this is a good movie.  If you're looking for something with a lot of weight, this will not be a good pick for you!!
B0042RJWTC|5.0|This review is on the four individually marketed seasons, not the boxed set.    I thoroughly enjoyed this series and wished it had continued on through Edward's and Mary's reigns.  (There are many films on Elizabeth's tenure as queen.)  Excellent costuming, fine performances, and close enough to historical fact to make it a good teaching tool (although not for high school given the nudity and excessive, if not historically inaccurate, use of the \\"F\\" word, particularly in the early episodes).  It was a cruel and despotic era, and the series well depicts it within the confines of what is, despite the series' length, a short period of time.  Jonathan Rhys-Meyers was incredibly good.  Hard to believe he was the same man who portrayed Elvis Presley.    Those who criticize the series for historical inaccuracies all have valid points.  As a historian, I can tell you that the mounting of the cannon depicted during the siege of Boulogne was absurd.  Some pieces recoiled; others didn't.  They were all mounted on an uphill slope, which means that recoil from firing round one would have sent them careening back down the slope, requiring hours of struggle to remount them for - well, one more shot that would have repeated the process.  The proper procedure would have been to construct an upward slope behind the piece so it rolled back into position after firing.  I was also annoyed that, given that the aged Henry VIII's obese form is so familiar, the film makers did not gradually fatten Rhys-Meyers.  The 1970 BBC series Six Wives of Henry VIII did an effective job of growing actor Keith Michell from a lean, mean lovin' machine to a candidate for a fat farm.  On the other hand, if you want to teach a non-historian why America's founding fathers insisted their new government have no established religion, have them watch The Tudors.    Of course, no serious historian would tap Hollywood and the like as a valid source.  Gods and Generals, for example, made a strong effort to be a historically accurate film but insufficient effort to be a good film.  Glory, on the other hand, presented a variety of historical errors, but it was an excellent film.  All historically-based movies make factual errors, some through ignorance, others in the interest of story-telling, and some, especially old Hollywood films, are a joke (e.g., They Died with their Boots On or Santa Fe Trail).  As long as film makers make a reasonable effort toward accuracy, I am not overly concerned.  Historical drama can generate interest in a period or event and prompt the viewer to further study, as The Tudors did for me.    BUT WHY WASN'T THE SERIES RELEASED IN BLU-RAY?  We all know it's coming - with three minutes of scenes previously unseen, of course - to lure us into a second purchase.  I rented it from Netflix and will do the same when it comes to blu-ray.  Also, I could never get the closed captioning to function, which I require when actors speak softly, especially in an English accent.  Beware purchasing it if you are hearing impaired.    Otherwise, bravo Showtime!
B004B8DH98|3.0|I liked it.  However, it is definitely not a chick flick.  This is a spaghetti western.  There is even a visual reference to Henry Fonda's bad guy role in \\"Once Upon a Time in the West\\".  Combine \\"A Fist Full of Dollars\\" with\\"The Day of the Jackal\\" and then stir in minimal dialog together with a love interest in the form of Emile Zola's \\"Nana\\".  Finally, add George Clooney and voil&agrave;, you have The American.
030726839X|5.0|As others have stated, there are many biographies of WC.  The reason I purchased this one is that I have always found Max Hasting to be thought-provoking writer who finds something new to tell on every subject he tackles.  I was not disappointed.  This is a narrowly focused view of Winston Churchill as PM during the war.  The narrative covers events in some detail, but not so low as to be painful.  It is obvious that Hastings is a big fan of Churchill, but can still point out the flaws that prevented him from being an effective peacetime national leader of Britain.  The book delves into many of the more controversial of Churchill's actions and explains why most were not the flights of fancy others have claimed.  The author's claim that Churchill was the only leader that could have done what he managed to do for Britain during the war is undoubtedly correct.  He convincingly tells of Churchill's failure to recognize the future and the British people's need for change that ensured the PM's ouster as the war wound down and the war-weary populace prepared to return to peacetime and the resumption of their lives.    While no detailed knowledge of WW2 history is needed to enjoy the book, it is helpful in placing in context the events that most affected Churchill and his leadership of the British Empire.
B003PPDBQ2|5.0|This is by far one of the best books I've read in ages.Really captures the empathy and love between sisters.Can't understand the \\"two star\\" review.Gutted that this is Rosamund Lupton's first novel as I logged on to Amazon straight after I'd finished Sister to buy another of her's.Will just have to wait! Buy this book,you won't regret it.
B002RL7W9W|4.0|Bought this for my 4 year old son and I helped him put it together (yes, I did most of it-the first time, then he took it apart and put it back together again). Probably took us about half an hour the first time. The pieces are quality, and my kid loves the stormtroopers and flying around the house with the toys. He's already lost a few of the more extraneous pieces, but it still fits together. Not bad for under $10.
B000002GDJ|5.0|The Police had a lot to live up to after \\"Roxanne.\\" When the first notes of \\"Walking on the Moon\\" came out of the car radio, I knew I was listening to what would become one of my favorite bands, and one of my favorite albums. The way they blended their musical influences - rock, punk, jazz, reggae - and the subject matter of the songs - love, alienation, death - was like nothing else on the radio. It was thinking person's punk, it was serious-subject-matter rock, it was white reggae. In the liner notes, one line read \\"All noises by The Police.\\" A friend of mine said, \\"they make good noise.\\"
B002ZG997C|4.0|I was happy with the product.  It arrived on time for Christmas and it was the very best price I could find!  Thank you!
B0042U94UQ|5.0|saw this movie at the theatre and had to have it to watch over and over!  Great movie and must see!
B00284G2IA|4.0|Nightwish and Tarja Turunen!  What a combo.  My first Nightwish DVD.  Great video.  Didn't care for the sound.  I think the recording quality was OK but the concert hall venue seems to have distorted the sound when compared to the actual CD recordings.
B0034C9CFK|3.0|Not up to the usual standard.But music cannot be faulted.It's most of the songs that's the problem. Instantly forgetable, and 'After 17' is a dummy and completely out of place. Album saved by 'Till the End,' with Lee Ann Womack and the exquisite 'The Best Keeps Getting Better.' Loved the cover, but what's that strange ectoplasm emerging from underneath the train. Or maybe it's a Ghost train.
B00475BUVM|4.0|IT WORKS!!!    I have a Samsung DLP TV.  It has special requirements for 3D 'tho' it was SUPPOSED to be \\"\\"3D READY\\"\\".  This item has great 3D and no ghosts, but the peoples' heads sometimes appear elongated front to back.  Still, it beats my 2D Blu-Ray disc hands down.
B002PMV9K6|5.0|I purchased this as a Christmas gift for mu Grand Daughter and she was ecstatic.  The price was right and it was as promised.
B0038Z5T4Q|5.0|WEll DONE.  IN THE EVENT THERE ARE NO SEQUELS TO THIS FILM, IT WAS A HAPPY AND APPROPRIATE ENDING TO THE STORY.  NICE TO HAVE HAD A CAMEO APPEARANCE BY CHARLIE SHEEN.  THE MOVIE WOULD'VE BEEN SORELY LACKING WITHOUT IT.
B000TEUSJU|4.0|I have always liked this movie but the wife watched it for the first time and said that it was to grusome and incoherant and she didn't like the brother sister love.
0307272702|5.0|If you enjoy reading about the science behind low carb diets specifically and diets in general, this is a must-have book.  While some of his conclusions can be just a little tenuous, I have a sneaky suspicion that he's pretty much on target with everything!  I enjoyed the book immensely, as I did his first; there's definitely some new information in this one so even if you have the other its worth getting.  Combine this with Atkins new one (The New Atkins for a New You, which is also excellent and a better how-to book) and you're on your way and up to date with the latest low-carb information!
B000ZECQ08|2.0|Despite clearly stating \\"+ Digital Copy\\" in the title description, the digital copy was for a limited time and has since expired. I bought this version specifically for the digital copy because HP6 is not available on iTunes. I didn't discover this until I opened the package and tried to download the digital copy. I hope Amazon will let me return it opened.    I gave it 2 stars instead of 1 because the movie is actually good. However, this product is not.
6304936362|1.0|Having worked with innumerable WW2 veterans including B17 and B24 pilots and crews, I knew what this movie should have been.  Instead it is a fictional creation of immature undisciplined adolescents in a plane.  This really is not a war movie, but rather is a teenage horror movie where the teenagers are in a plane threatened by German Monsters rather than in a haunted house threatened by Frankenstein Monsters.    NOT WORTH EVEN $0.01.....deserves NO stars!
B0042MDAL8|1.0|This item is supposedly a Blu-Ray disc, but will not play on my brand new Sony Blu-Ray disc player? A waste of money.
B003HARV3Y|3.0|Interesting movie to watch on cable.  I love the premise for a fantasy book.  The acting was just okay.  The special effects was just okay as well. However, the thought I kept having was how short the movie would be if people just used modern weapons.  In a world world with semi-automatics, all this sword fighting and physical fighting would be un-neccessary.  There needed to be some explanation-like bullets have no effect on demigods.  Something.  Plus, Medusa died in Greek Mythology.  A little odd that she's walking around.
1416955070|2.0|Lessons from the Urban Fantasy Front Lines<br /><br />Clarissa \\"Clary\\" Fray has a fateful meeting with a strange blonde haired boy, Jace, at the club Pandemonium when Jace and two companions (Isabelle and Alec) kill a demon boy.  Suddenly, her mother disappears, and Clary is being chased by demons.  What is the history of her past and where is her mother?<br /><br />Before this was chosen for my book club, I had heard of Cassandra Clare (Claire) from Harry Potter fandom as the author of some Draco fanfiction and the \\"inventor\\" of the Draco in Leather Pants trope (see TVTropes . Org).  There was also a kerfuffle about plagiarism and then I saw the endorsement from Stephenie Meyer on the cover of the book, but I tried not to let these ruin my impression of the book.  I walked in with an open mind.<br /><br />The very first thing I noticed when reading was how overwritten the book is.  Clare spends far too much time detailing every aspect of the surroundings of her story, only to forget the story itself.  Don't get me wrong: I hate it when authors skimp on description and you go an entire book without knowing if the protagonist has brown hair or lime green or if the car the hero sees is the same one from earlier or just another background detail.  Description is very good and very necessary, but it should never impede the flow of the story.  But throughout the entire story, Clare inserts overlong passages on clothing, description, smarmy dialogue, and, worst of all, clumsily revealed background story.<br /><br />Want a taste?<br /><br />\\"dark red pendant the size of a baby's fist\\" -> What teenager describes accessories in terms of baby's anatomy, particularly teenagers that don't have baby siblings?<br />\\"the taste was sharp and coppery on her tongue like old pennies\\" -> I think someone has been taking the old adage \\"Put your money where your mouth is\\" a wee bit too seriously.<br />\\"said Jace, eating fries with his fingers\\" -> Are there that many other ways to eat fries that we needed to specify how Jace eats his fries?  Does he sometimes snort fries up his nose?  Slurp up fries off his plate like a dog?<br />\\"Beside him stood a girl...under the skirt of her short green dress, her feet were webbed like a frog's\\" -> Huh?  Usually you describe feet being under a skirt if the skirt is nearly floor length.  But if the skirt is short...does that mean the girl is two feet tall??  If so, how does she stand beside a guy that was described as being rather humanlike?<br />\\"her arms [were] aching and stinging, like raw meat\\" -> How did the author know that raw meat ached and stung?  Or does she mean the ARMS were like raw meat?  Dangling adjectives...<br />\\"He laughed soundlessly\\" -> As this wasn't described by the point of view character, this is another impossibility.  \\"Laugh\\" and \\"soundlessly\\" are polar opposites.<br />\\"She felt a bright surge of shame that burst behind her eyelids like a small sun\\" -> Suns don't burst.  Novas burst.  Water balloons that hit people burst.  Cysts burst.  But suns don't burst.  Plus...when did shame start bursting behind eyelids?  I've always felt that shame burns in your stomach or your heart...but then, I'm just a human, what do I know?<br /><br />Lesson 1: Good, clear descriptions, even if they are boring, are much better than the discombobulating, loquacious meanderings of lavender narrative.<br /><br />Most of the dialogue didn't feel natural given the characters and the situations.  The two basic forms of the bad dialogue were: dialogue set up to make a joke and dialogue for the sole purpose of exposition.<br />I like humor.  I like to be able to read a book that doesn't take itself too seriously (even if it is serious) and to be light-hearted and fun.  But, again, humor needs to be used appropriately.  You don't throw humor around everyone and hope it sticks.  That is what I felt Clare did (heck, even her own characters call each other out on it, saying \\"This is hardly the time for idle banter\\" page260).  She put in a lot of so-called \\"humor\\" and hoped that everyone would find it funny.  Most of the time, I didn't.  Most of the time, I would stare at the \\"humorous\\" passage and go, \\"Okay, so what was funny about that?\\"  I particularly didn't like it when the characters started insinuating that they were witty and funny (I am looking at you, Jace) when most of their dialogue was callous and unnecessary.  As if that weren't bad enough, it was also frustrating how all the characters were the same type of funny (most often, the sarcastic funny).  How did five different teenagers end up with the same style of humor when all of them were raised slightly differently?<br /><br />Lesson 2: Forced humor will make your readers send your book across the room and into your audience's collective fish tank.<br /><br />The other trouble spot was the revelation of important plot points.  Often times, this was handled rather awkwardly in a long passage where one character talks to another character.  I understand that the audience has to understand what is going on and so does the uninitiated Clary.  However, it seemed some of the things Clary learned went beyond what was needed at that moment, that characters who should know some of this information did too much name dropping/convenient info dumping, or that the character looked exceptionally obtuse and unable to put two and two together<br /><br />A few examples:<br /><br />In the beginning of the book, Jace launches into a demonology lecture as he, Isabelle, and Alec face off with a demon (which is observed by Clary).  Why does he do this?  Everyone that he thinks is in the room knows this?  Oh, yeah, it's for Clary (and the audience's) benefit.<br />Clary must be told that Simon is crushing on her (okay, sorta believable), that Luke is hitting on her mom (OMG, really?!  She couldn't tell Luke was crushing on her mom?  I could believe her being ignorant of someone crushing on her, but she should be able to see this!!), that key players aren't what they think they are (no specifics as it might be a spoiler)...you get my drift.<br /><br />Lesson 3: Reveal plot points in a logical fashion.  Don't treat your audience as if they are idiots and won't recognize that X is telling Y what Y already knows.<br /><br />None of the teenagers acted their age.  If Clary didn't constantly say she was almost 16, I wouldn't have believed she was a teenager at all.  She took things far too much in stride, was far too easy come, easy go, and far more emotionally together than you would expect for a teenager that has never encountered Shadow Hunters before.  About the only time she acted like a teenager was when she got into a hissy fit about leaving for the country on vacation (wow, original!).  In fact, all of the characters acted way older than teenaged.  The way Jace acts is more like a man in his early twenties, not a teenager himself.  Even his comment, \\"I've been killing demons a third of my life\\" (page 256) comes off as something a twenty or thirty or forty something would say, not a teenager.  Plus, if he is 15, that means he's spent a whopping 5 years fighting demons.  Wow, I am so impressed...not.<br /><br />All of the teenagers used strong language, much stronger than I've seen in other books (in addition to milder he** & da**, we have plenty of b*tch, b*****d, p*ss, and God's name).  Okay, yeah, so teens swear just like adults do and yada, yada.  However, even if you take into account that teens swear, the swearing just doesn't feel like how a teenager would swear.  I've read other young adult urban fantasy and some (Vampire Academy, Wicked Lovely) had some strong language, but I never once had trouble believing their age.  Not so here.<br /><br />Lesson 4: Teenagers need to act like teenagers.  If you are writing your characters as 20 year olds, don't try to dress them up in teen clothes and have them say every other sentence how they are a teenager.  Your audience won't be fooled.<br /><br />None of the characters were memorable, and none of the characters made me want to root for them and hope that they get out of the crazy circumstances they go through alive.  Clary felt fairly generic, borderline Mary Sue--typical \\"ordinary\\" girl who finds out A) her guy friend is crushing on her, B) she has superpowers that she can learn in 8.2 seconds, C) she is \\"beautiful all along\\", and D) she ends up being forgiven and right all the time!  Yawn.  Jace was aggravating as a smart mouth womanizer, who actually is just beat up inside from the past (BORING!).  I can't tell you how many times I wanted to smack him until he was unable to string two words together.  Also, really hard to like a guy that goes around sabotaging other people's property (the motorcycles) just because the other people are \\"vampires\\".  Am I really supposed to be rooting FOR this guy or what?  As for Isabelle: what is it with these novels setting up this \\"other girl\\" for the sole reason to hate our protagonist?  Isabelle could have and should have been an interesting character, but instead, she is merely the antagonist to Clary, for the sole reason that every story has to have a \\"bad girl\\" for our female protagonist.  Simon felt like your stereotypical gawky best friend \\"unrequited love\\" guy.  Alec could have been interesting, but instead his story was clumsily told.  About the only characters I liked were Luke, Jocelyn and Magnus Bane (who was exhibiting really creepy behavior to Alec), and all of them are adults and absent throughout much of the book.  Pretty sad.<br /><br />Lesson 5: Make your characters unique, so that someone is interested in their fate instead of going, \\"Where have I see this character before?\\" or \\"Does someone have any arsenic I can borrow?\\"<br /><br />While there were some aspects of the story I liked, I couldn't rid myself of the de ja vu feeling as I was reading this book.  It's probably because the story and world feel so much like the love child of Harry Potter and Star Wars.  Clary \\"being normal\\" then learning she was \\"hidden away\\" because of her talents feels like Harry Potter/Luke Skywalker.  Jace is Draco from fanon and a smarmy Han Solo.  Valentine is a dead ringer for Voldemort.  Hodge felt too much like Albus Dumbledore.  When Clary was studying the picture of her mother, I couldn't help but be reminded of the scene in the movie where Harry Potter saw his parents in the original Order of the Phoenix (I am basing this knowledge on the movies, as I haven't finished the Harry Potter series yet).  And could we PLEASE STOP USING the Romantic Triangle plot line?!?!  PLEASE???<br /><br />Lesson 6: Be creative.  This is your story you are telling, not a paperdoll version of your favorite story(ies).<br /><br />Now I know I've beat on this book pretty hard, but there were *GASP* aspects I liked.  I liked the grandness of the scope.  It seems that Clare is really trying to make her novel more than just a simple Good vs Bad guy.  She is trying to make a message about racism (Demons vs. Downworlders vs Shadow Hunters vs. Mundanes, even if this message gets twisted in ways that aren't exactly flattering to any of our protagonists and reeks of Harry Potter).  Clare's story took place in an interesting world of runes (I thought this was particularly cool), demon hunters, and myths coming alive.  I liked how she avoided over-relying on vampires or the chic Urban Fantasy Motif of the Moment.<br /><br />And, just to give Clare another bone, there are exactly two scenes in this book that made me laugh.  The first is when Simon stumbles upon Jace and Clary kissing:<br /><br />\\"You invited him into bed?\\" Simon demanded, looking shaken.<br />\\"Ridiculous, isn't it?\\" said Jace.  \\"We would never have all fit.\\"<br /><br />The second is when talking about the Mortal Cup:<br /><br />\\"Oh, it's big enough,\\" [Jace] said patronizingly, \\"but somehow I was expecting something...you know.\\"<br />\\"It's the Mortal Cup, Jace, not the Mortal Toilet Bowl,\\" said Isabelle.<br /><br />But two funny lines and some creativity do not make a glowing overall opinion.  I still can't get over the slow, sloppy writing, the excessive humor, the boring characters, and the stolen plots.  Not to mention, this is the only book I've ever read that has almost put me to sleep--in the middle of the day during my lunch hour!!  I think the book is too old for younger teens, too much like Harry Potter for older teens, and too juvenile for adults.  I don't recommend and if I am curious about how this series turns out, I'll hunt down forums or Wikipedia.<br /><br />Brought to you by:<br />*C.S. Light*generic, borderline Mary Sue--typical \\"ordinary\\" girl who finds out A) her guy friend is crushing on her, B) she has superpowers that she can learn in 8.2 seconds, C) she is \\"beautiful all along\\", and D) she ends up being forgiven and right all the time!  Yawn.  Jace was aggravating as a smart mouth womanizer, who actually is just beat up inside from the past (BORING!).  I can't tell you how many times I wanted to smack him until he was unable to string two words together.  Also, really hard to like a guy that goes around sabotaging other people's property (the motorcycles) just because the other people are \\"vampires\\".  Am I really supposed to be rooting FOR this guy or what?  As for Isabelle: what is it with these novels setting up this \\"other girl\\" for the sole reason to hate our protagonist?  Isabelle could have and should have been an interesting character, but instead, she is merely the antagonist to Clary, for the sole reason that every story has to have a \\"bad girl\\" for our female protagonist.  Simon felt like your stereotypical gawky best friend \\"unrequited love\\" guy.  Alec could have been interesting, but instead his story was clumsily told.  About the only characters I liked were Luke, Jocelyn and Magnus Bane (who was exhibiting really creepy behavior to Alec), and all of them are adults and absent throughout much of the book.  Pretty sad.  Lesson 5: Make your characters unique, so that someone is interested in their fate instead of going, \\"Where have I see this character before?\\" or \\"Does someone have any arsenic I can borrow?\\"  While there were some aspects of the story I liked, I couldn't rid myself of the de ja vu feeling as I was reading this book.  It's probably because the story and world feel so much like the love child of Harry Potter and Star Wars.  Clary \\"being normal\\" then learning she was \\"hidden away\\" because of her talents feels like Harry Potter/Luke Skywalker.  Jace is Draco from fanon and a smarmy Han Solo.  Valentine is a dead ringer forVoldemort.  Hodge felt too much like Albus Dumbledore.  When Clary was studying the picture of her mother, I couldn't help but be reminded of the scene in the movie where Harry Potter saw his parents in the original Order of the Phoenix (I am basing this knowledge on the movies, as I haven't finished the Harry Potter series yet).  And could we PLEASE STOP USING the Romantic Triangle plot line?!?!  PLEASE???  Lesson 6: Be creative.  This is your story you are telling, not a paperdoll version of your favorite story(ies).  Now I know I've beat on this book pretty hard, but there were *GASP* aspects I liked.  I liked the grandness of the scope.  It seems that Clare is really trying to make her novel more than just a simple Good vs Bad guy.  She is trying to make a message about racism (Demons vs. Downworlders vs Shadow Hunters vs. Mundanes, even if this message gets twisted in ways that aren't exactly flattering to any of our protagonists and reeks of Harry Potter).  Clare's story took place in an interesting world of runes (I thought this was particularly cool), demon hunters, and myths coming alive.  I liked how she avoided over-relying on vampires or the chic Urban Fantasy Motif of the Moment.  And, just to give Clare another bone, there are exactly two scenes in this book that made me laugh.  The first is when Simon stumbles upon Jace and Clary kissing:  \\"You invited him into bed?\\" Simon demanded, looking shaken.  \\"Ridiculous, isn't it?\\" said Jace.  \\"We would never have all fit.\\"  The second is when talking about the Mortal Cup:  \\"Oh, it's big enough,\\" [Jace] said patronizingly, \\"but somehow I was expecting something...you know.\\"  \\"It's the Mortal Cup, Jace, not the Mortal Toilet Bowl,\\" said Isabelle.  But two funny lines and some creativity do not make a glowing overall opinion.  I still can't get over the slow, sloppy writing, the excessive humor, the boring characters, and the stolen plots.  Not to mention, this is the only book I've ever read that has almost put me to sleep--in the middle of the day during my lunch hour!!  I think the book is too old for younger teens, too much like Harry Potter for older teens, and too juvenile for adults.  I don't recommend and if I am curious about how this series turns out, I'll hunt down forums or Wikipedia.  Brought to you by:  *C.S. Light*
0316017922|5.0|Others have already gone into great depths of the strengths and weaknesses of this book.  I just want to add a 5-star review an encourage everybody to read this!  I think it clearly shows the vital importance of hard work AND the inescapable consequences of cultural legacy.
B000JQUMPI|5.0|I loved this book but after reading it I didn't realize it had two parts ( Good Wives is the second) and bought the second book. So if you read it you will love it but be carefull!
B003L20IJW|4.0|This was a great video for the kids.  Got it as a Christmas present and both granddaughters sat intensely watching and laughing.
0756655730|5.0|I don't think I could possibly add anything more to what has already been posted in the reviews prior to mine. I've been purchasing these supremely illustrated and immensely informative books from Smithsonian/DK Publishing for several years now and have not been disappointed in the least bit with any of them (Maybe the exception being that their binding seems to give way after a few years worth of use, but I have a feeling I break these books out more often than the avg. reader...)<br /><br />One thing I noticed right off the bat and really praised was that the main focus wasn't on dinosaurs. While dinosaurs are awesome their own right, we all have seen that book before. Plant species and invertebrates are something I feel are greatly underrepresented in most of the prehistoric reference books, especially the illustrated kind. Not the case in this book as each time period in history is given its own section in the book, and each of those sections is further broken down into \\"Plants\\", \\"Invertebrates\\" and \\"Vertebrates\\" sections appropriately....<br /><br />This book is a must-have for anyone who has even the slightest interest in the natural sciences here on Earth...
B003YNFYD8|5.0|Great collection and great sound.  This was a Christmas present for my teenage daughter, but the whole family is enjoying it.
B00008G8LM|4.0|The case  and art work was a little old but the dvd was in perfect shape. I really liked it. Thanks!
B002ZFQD0Y|5.0|Buy this right now!    I am serious, if your the least bit into symphony's or Serj Tankian, you will not be disapointed.    Even if you own the orginal Elect the Dead album, this purchase includes so much more to be seen and will make you think a little differently about his music even if you already love it or hate it.     The Dvd is great quality, but mainly the audio is just outstanding.     It does come in a card board case which is sort of lame but the artwork and pictures make up for the missing gem case.
B002ZCY7TG|5.0|This season of  24 was awesome! It kept us on the edge is our seats with suspense and action. Don't miss this final season! Jack is at his best in this one, and there's no stopping him! Buy it now!
B003VIW8DK|4.0|I admit I came late to the career of Bryan Ferry. I think it was 1985 when \\"Legend\\" came out and MTV was playing the video for \\"Is Your Love Strong Enough?\\" from the soundtrack. That same year was \\"Slave To Love\\". Ferry registered in my 12 year old mind but didn't stick. It would be 1987's \\"Kiss And Tell\\" from the \\"Bright Lights, Big City\\" soundtrack that finally solidified in my mind who Bryan Ferry was (or so I thought). I bought \\"Street Life\\" in 1989 and I was sorta kinda interested. Then I bought \\"Mamouna\\" in 1994 and it didn't really excite. So, it wasn't until 2002's \\"Frantic\\" that I finally got with the program and began listening to Bryan Ferry and some Roxy Music in earnest. Still, I owned very little of each.<br /><br />Now, in preparation for \\"Olympia\\" I have gone back and bought everything, but I haven't had the chance to listen to it all (I've been behind lately). Still, the show must go on, and I listened to \\"Olympia\\" all week long.<br /><br />The first thing that struck me is that it sounded like early 80's Roxy during the first opening bars of \\"You Can Dance\\". After several listens, and several readings of who participated on this album, I am slightly disappointed. I am giving this three and a half stars, but I rounded up to four because I liked \\"Olympia\\". I am disappointed because with such great talents, including three original Roxy Music members, I felt somewhat underwhelmed. Yes, underwhelmed. I mean, the cover of Traffic's \\"No Face, No Name, No Number\\" was less than spectacular. The meandering, rather aimless seven minute \\"Reason Or Rhyme\\" bogged down the second half of the album. Even album opener \\"You Can Dance\\" (and first single) didn't really grab me.<br /><br />Actually, what I did like was \\"Heartache By Numbers\\" with Scissor Sisters. The song has a catchy and distinctive melody and chorus. \\"Shameless\\" is an obvious choice due to its almost \\"Love Is The Drug\\" rhythm and beat, except with a pause every few bars. \\"Tender Is The Night\\" has to be on par with \\"Crazy Love\\" from 1988's \\"She's Having A Baby\\" soundtrack as one of Ferry's best ballads.<br /><br />But let's talk what is probably the best track on \\"Olympia\\". Tim Buckley's \\"Song To The Siren\\". Written in 1967, and appearing on his 1970 \\"Starsailor\\" album. I have actually never heard Tim Buckley's version, but I do have Robert Plant's cover version on his 2002 album \\"Dreamland\\". Robert Plant did an excellent job with it, making it one of my favorites, and now Ferry tries his hand at it. I have to say that Ferry also does an excellent job of it, transforming it into a synth-laden elegant elegy of a song. The melody, and more specifically, the mood, is captured just right by Ferry's vocals and arrangement.<br /><br />\\"Alphaville\\" was also a good track, but \\"BF Bass (Ode To Olympia)\\" felt forced and overblown. \\"Me Oh My\\" is also a fine track. So there's about six good tracks, and of those maybe three of them are really good: \\"Heartache By Numbers\\", \\"Shameless\\" and \\"Song To The Siren\\".<br /><br />Bryan Ferry works with three original Roxy Music members (including Brian Eno), David A. Stewart (of Eurythmics), Rhett Davies (who has produced several Roxy albums and Ferry solo albums), Scissor Sisters, Flea (of Red Hot Chili Peppers) and \\"Olympia\\" still somehow manages to not stack up to 2002's \\"Frantic\\".<br /><br />Don't get me wrong here, I am happy to have a new Ferry album, and for a 65 year old he is still pretty hip and cutting edge. It's just that something feels slightly askew here. Three and a half stars.<br /><br />As I mentioned earlier, I wanted to, but did not have the time to, listen to every Roxy and Ferry album in sequential order to better put \\"Olympia\\" in perspective, but I was unable to do so by the time of this writing. So, I will merely compare \\"Olympia\\" to what I have listened to:<br /><br />1972 Roxy Music<br />1973 For Your Pleasure<br />1973 These Foolish Things<br />1973 Stranded<br />1974 Another Time, Another Place<br />1974 Country Life<br />1975 Siren<br />1976 Let's Stick Together<br />1977 In Your Mind<br />1978 The Bride Stripped Bare<br />1979 Manifesto<br />1980 Flesh + Blood<br />1982 Avalon<br />1985 Boys And Girls<br />1987 Bete Noire: Three Stars<br />1993 Taxi<br />1994 Mamouna: Two and a Half Stars<br />1999 As Time Goes By<br />2002 Frantic: Five Stars<br />2007 Dylanesque<br />2010 Olympia: Three and a Half Starsd Bare  1979 Manifesto  1980 Flesh + Blood  1982 Avalon  1985 Boys And Girls  1987 Bete Noire: Three Stars  1993 Taxi  1994 Mamouna: Two and a Half Stars  1999 As Time Goes By  2002 Frantic: Five Stars  2007 Dylanesque  2010 Olympia: Three and a Half Stars
B003QNXPUK|1.0|This product is horrible. The film will slide off your phone if you have it in your back pocket and sit down. First I thought it was because I installed it incorrectly so I purchased another one and applied it again, let it dry for 24 hours and it did it again. Than I deduced that it was because the film is tacky on the A surface Which causes it to grab onto surfaces like the inside of ur pocket and results in it sliding off ur phone. Once it slides off lint sticks to it and it now is useless.  This product was a complete waste money.
B0042JTDXK|5.0|this is a beautiful cd , I bought it for my mother who is also a big fan of josh groban, awesome cd.
0307454541|1.0|I've heard so much about how \\"Brilliant\\" this series is -- that I downloaded all 3 to my kindle for a long 24-hour flight. I'd been warned that the first book \\"starts slow\\" but starting slow, and torturing yourself are two different things. I'm a speed reader, so I can usually plunge through, but ack.<br /><br />This book may pick up and be great, but the first half is so painful, stupid, pointless, I just couldn't get past it.
B002ZCY7SW|5.0|Rec'd in timely manner;  Ordered and rec'd in 5 days.  Happy with purchase; Much cheaper than retail stores.
B003NX76BM|5.0|This is an awesome book!!  A great read!  One you just don't want to put down.  A mix of love and suspense that only Nora Roberts can do.
0451169514|4.0|Stephen King's second longest novel (20 pages shorter than THE STAND) has a great deal going for it. Characters that are deeply believable both as children and adults, tons of commonplace items and images that become the stuff of nightmares, the scariest clown in fiction, and a fictional town with such a deep history that you feel like you've been there more than once.  All that being said, it's not a perfect novel, which is why I waffled on what rating to give it. Part of me wanted to downgrade to a 3.5, part of me wanted to give it a 4.5. I split the difference because ultimately my problems with the book were outweighed by what I enjoyed.<br /><br />King does write kids very well. The pre-teen (barely) protagonists of fully half of the novel talk like real kids and mostly act like real kids; the few times where they might seem just a touch more precocious than they should can be attributed to whatever \\"higher power\\" is pushing them around the chessboard of the book's action.  I genuinely like Stuttering Bill, Richie, Eddie, Mike, Ben and especially Bev; Stan Uris is the only one of The Losers I feel a total disconnect from -- the few scenes from his point of view did nothing to make me feel for him the way I felt for the others.  And King transforms those pre-teens into adults so perfectly that you don't need to suspend disbelief that the kids and the adults are the same characters.  The personalities come through even if some of the tics are gone.<br /><br />Part of the reason the book is so long is the inclusion of the \\"Derry Interludes,\\" compiled by the adult Mike Hanlon as a way of showing just how long-lived It/Pennywise has been around and just how severely influenced the town has been. Most of the interludes were interesting and felt like they could have been stand-alone short stories. One or two of them made the book slow down for me, but not so much that I lost interest in the book.<br /><br />What I found scariest in the book was not the big group battles with It, but in the individual encounters, regardless of the protagonists' ages. The quieter the encounter, the more tense I felt.  This is something of a truism for me with horror fiction (books or movies) -- the bigger the effect, the less scared I am. Darken the room and let things flit around the periphery of my vision, and you've got me hooked.  The good news is, in amongst all the town history and big set pieces, there are plenty of these smaller encounters to keep folks like me on the edge of our seats.<br /><br />Where the book ultimately suffers, for me, is towards the end as the two battles with It overlap. King goes off on a sort of metaphysical tear that I suppose is meant to be Lovecraftian, with talk of the borders of reality and aspects of It and so on. Again, it's the big set-pieces. I had the same problem near the end of THE STAND.  Not that I'm afraid of big ideas about the nature of the universe; quite the opposite. But I did feel in this case it came just a little out of left field and lingered just a little too long, distracting from the final fight.<br /><br />Once he gets that out of his system, the Big Finale tears along like a run down the Colorado River rapids and the ending, to me, is strong and worth reaching.  Two moments made my heart beat faster, and at least two made me tear up (granted, an easy thing to do lately).  I realized as I came to the end of the book that these were characters I'd come to care about, and while I wanted the book to end I didn't necessarily want their stories to end. Which, when you come right down to it, is a good endorsement for a book.ndividual encounters, regardless of the protagonists' ages. The quieter the encounter, the more tense I felt.  This is something of a truism for me with horror fiction (books or movies) -- the bigger the effect, the less scared I am. Darken the room and let things flit around the periphery of my vision, and you've got me hooked.  The good news is, in amongst all the town history and big set pieces, there are plenty of these smaller encounters to keep folks like me on the edge of our seats.    Where the book ultimately suffers, for me, is towards the end as the two battles with It overlap. King goes off on a sort of metaphysical tear that I suppose is meant to be Lovecraftian, with talk of the borders of reality and aspects of It and so on. Again, it's the big set-pieces. I had the same problem near the end of THE STAND.  Not that I'm afraid of big ideas about the nature of the universe; quite the opposite. But I did feel in this case it came just a little out of left field and lingered just a little too long, distracting from the final fight.    Once he gets that out of his system, the Big Finale tears along like a run down the Colorado River rapids and the ending, to me, is strong and worth reaching.  Two moments made my heart beat faster, and at least two made me tear up (granted, an easy thing to do lately).  I realized as I came to the end of the book that these were characters I'd come to care about, and while I wanted the book to end I didn't necessarily want their stories to end. Which, when you come right down to it, is a good endorsement for a book.
B003Y5H4VG|5.0|This is a movie that cogently describes a true event, not fiction or sci fi but real domestic espionage directed at our own patriotic US agents for the sole purpose of discrediting them at all costs to protect political corruption and perfidy regardless of the consequences or collateral damage. Such is the attitude of political operatives like Karl Rove who believe that the end justifies the means regardless of laws, justice, or common human decency.   Because this movie relates to the nefarious activities of Rove and his Bush Administration affiliates, this movie was immediately restricted to a handful of theaters around the country and so far even its DVD release date has been delayed. Had this movie been about the glories of Sarah Palin or exalting the delusional pathology of Glenn Beck, it would have been in every theater on every block of every town plus downloaded on every iPod.    Nixon's Watergate scandals pale in comparison to what the Cheney-Bush regime got away with and the joke is on the American people who have been enscorcelled by Fox News and their sociopaths. What this does prove is one thing beyond any reasonable doubt, don't fool with the Oligarchs! By the way, they DO fly heavy on their right wing:-)  The pity of this all is, as Rod Serling once said \\"this is not confined to the Twilight Zone\\".
1594202842|1.0|Her behavior sounds like something out of a Disney movie with an evil stepmother not allowing her children to sleep or eat until \\"chores\\" (hours of piano and studying) were finished.  Can you imagine if Cinderella's mother wrote a book about raising children?  That's how this reads, but in this case there's no prince for Cinderella at the end, just years of torture to forget, and the mother walks away with millions from her book deal.    I wouldn't recommend this book to anyone.
1594202842|1.0|As someone who has studied child development, this is a terrible way to raise your children. The result is an adult with no opinions (because they were never allowed a choice), no passion or purpose in life (aside from pleasing their parents), and a serious lack in ability to think conceptually (because they were never allowed to experiment or make mistakes). What I mean by thinking conceptually is to think in more abstract terms, or to think about a situation or problem beyond the plain facts in front of you. Thinking conceptually is what allows for creative problem solving and creative production. Children raised in this method would lack such a skill because they are encouraged not to think independently, but to do as they are instructed and learn from rote memorization. That's to say nothing of the fact that her tactics involve mental and emotional abuse towards the child.
B000LJAEFG|3.0|A FEW SPOILERS IN THIS    This movie seems to be going in a few different directions without really committing to any of them.    I was hoping and half-expecting, for whatever reason, that it would be a little bit like Altered States, in which a campy, ridiculous and implausible plot provides an excuse for a lot of beautiful, but also ridiculous special effects sequences.  Fun to watch because it's pretty, silly, and mind-expanding in the least scientifically rigorous way possible.  Brainstorm isn't like that.  There are a few sequences that are just as visually impressive as Trumbull's work in 2001, but they are all very short, and are there mainly to serve the plot.  Don't watch it for those, watch Blade Runner or The Fountain or Enter The Void.    So is the plot interesting?  There are a few sequences that are compelling in a way only sci-fi can be: a couple gets back together after viewing recordings of each others' memories; a man has a life-changing revelation after experiencing a recording of sex on repeat; scientists hack in to a manufacturing lab's computer to sabotage the military.  That last one had me wondering if it could have, or had already happened.      But none of those events are central to the movie or are explored for more than a few minutes.  The main plot involves one of the scientists who developed this experience-recording technology trying to play back a subjective recording of another scientist's death.  In the meantime, the military takes over the project.  From there a few key points don't quite make sense: the scientist's boss doesn't want him playing back the tape, because it's immoral, or sacred, or something, yet he's totally willing to let the military convert the project to the purposes of brainwashing through recorded psychotic experiences.  (I think - what the military is trying to do is never fully clear, but it's BAD.)  The military, for some other unexplained reason, doesn't want him playing back the tape either, even though that would probably be a nice way to pay him off.  When the scientist finally does get to experience the whole recording (of course), the movie just ends, and, as with everything else conceptually interesting, you're left wondering what the point was.    This all might have made sense if the point of the movie was character development, but it's not, or not much.  To be fair, the film started out well with this.  There's no spoon-feeding introduction, just a lot of disconnected scenes that gradually let you put together what's happening between the characters.  It's well made and directed, but it feels like the characters were meant to supplement something else that wasn't there either.    I generally am interested in movies that are interesting failures more than movies that are successfully conventional, and some people might enjoy this as an interesting failure.  For me, some scenes really pulled me in, but it just never went all the way towards anything, and I finished watching more because I was curious than because it was exciting.
B000002I6T|5.0|David crosby is a beautiful and immensely talented singer, song writer and musician. my father introduced me to csn(y), and since then, i have long been enchanted by songs like shadow captain, guinnevere, and delta; but this is my first time listening to \\"if only i could remember my name\\" and i would have to say, listening to an entire album that is crosby's own takes the cake. i love csn(y), but i'm really loving this album in which crosby has the main influence.<br /><br />What you can expect upon listening to this album - the intergalactic experience of your life. dim the lights, lounge back on your sofa, glass of red wine in hand, eyes closed and let the beauty and mystique of this album take your mind to places far and wide.
0545265355|5.0|My wife was very happy to get these books in hardback as a set! Brand new and look great! Thanks!
B000000H57|5.0|this is the most sublimely erotic music i have ever heard. the album opens on an ethereal and mystic stage with \\"love you to death,\\" and, though the tempo of each song changes up a bit, the album never veers you off track from the feeling you started with.<br /><br />at times, peter steele's voice, words, emotion, and the bands sublime music brings a tear to my eyes. this album is best listened to in the dark, with lighted candles, a glass of red wine, and in bed with your lover.
B003ZSJ212|5.0|Great set, minus a few un-needed scences, it 'still a classic set of films. The Effects look even better than they did when they released the original special edition in 1997, the film almost looked back and white before they cleaned up the slides and the negitives. Great set to own on Blu Ray. To all the fans that keep complaining about wanting the film the way it was, the closet you are going to get to the originals are the 1997 Release on VHS.
1594202842|1.0|The author believes academic successfulness will bring happiness to her kids. Does her academically successful husband found full happiness living in a no breath house? She must never thought about that. Hope she will become a better person for everyone in her family after this brave self expose.
B003X2O6KW|5.0|Kanye is an extremely talented rapper and one of the best in my opinion, and this album shows all of his talent. There's so much to this that makes it deserves all the accolades that it got.    1. Dark Fantasy- 10/10- The beginning is amazing cuz it starts with Nicki Minaj talking in a British accent, with a \\"narrator\\"-like feel to it. The sample is used wonderfully and the lyrics are amazing. Great start to an even greater album.    2. Gorgeous feat. Kid Cudi and Reakwon- 10/10- Almost 6 minutes of brilliance. It has a nice, relaxed beat and Kid Cudi has a great chorus in this one.    3. Power- 10/10- Deserved to be the first single. I love how it kinds of talks about his past controversies. I absolutely love the sample of \\"21st Century Schizoid Man\\" in this song. Sounds epic!    4. All of the Lights (Interlude)- 10/10- I like how it's a minute of classical music, because not much rap artists use orchestral music in their songs, but Kanye does.    5. All of the Lights- 10/10- To be honest, I wasn't a huge fan of this song at first, but now I love it. The prodcuction is absolutely crazy and it has some great background vocalists (A lot different names like Kid Cudi, Drake, Rihanna, etc.).    6. Monster feat. Jay-Z, Nicki Minaj, Bon Iver, and Rick Ross- 10/10- This song is fire! It has an amazing opening and great beat. Not to mention, Nicki's phenomenal verse!    7. So Appalled feat. Jay-Z, Pusha T, Prynce Cy Hi, Swizz Beatz, and The RZA- 10/10- Personally, this song has one of the best beats on the album. It has dramatic strings along with great verses.    8. Devil in a New Dress- 10/10- Another song with the sample used perfectly! I love the old-school feel to this song. The chorus is also one of my favorite parts.    9. Runaway feat. Rick Ross- 10/10- 9 minutes of brilliance. Amazing beat, amazing sample, amazing outro, and amazing chorus. Love it!    10. Hell of a Life- 10/10- I like the somewhat 80s feel to this song. It has great verses and an amazing chorus.11. Blame Game feat. John Legend- 10/10- Emotional and amazing track. It has a good chorus and a pretty funny and extended outro.    12. Lost in the World feat. Bon Iver- 10/10- My absolute favorite song on this album! It's unique, has phenomenal tribal drums, with an amazing chant throughout the song.    13. Who Survive in America?- 10/10- A great 1 1/2 minute outro to MBDTF. It's an add on to \\"Lost in the World\\" and contains a speech from Gil Scott-Heron. I love the final seconds of the album, with the handclaps from the crowd.    Any rap fan absolutely NEEDS to have this album. It's one of the most unique I've heard. All I can say, is if you don't have it, get it now! (You also need to get his new single that's not on this album \\"Christmas in Harlem\\" and another new single with Jay-Z, called \\"H.A.M\\"    My top 3 favorites:  1. Lost in the World  2. Dark Fantasy  3. So Appalled
B0002S947K|5.0|I love the tv show Parenthood and Adam was ranting about Ray LaMontagne.  I googled him, since I had never heard of him.  I was blown away.  Bought Trouble and can't stop listening to it.  The emotions that you can feel coming through is awesome.  This guy has soul.  I would recommend that everyone needs this album in their collection.
030745455X|5.0|This review is easy enough. If you like the first book The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo, then you will love this book. This book is more about Lisbeth which makes it even more entertaining than the first.
1440503257|5.0|I bought this book as a gift for Christmas. The recipient loved it! I was hoping I, too would get one for Christmas, but I didn't. Looks like I'll have to buy one myself.
0307454541|5.0|Let me first say that this is not a great work of literature, but it is a very entertaining work of fiction. This is a mystery about who killed a teenage girl 30 years earlier. Great characters, quick moving plot, and interesting setting in Sweden.
0307454541|5.0|I am not usually much of a mystery fan, but The Girl With The Dragon Tattoo grabbed me about 1/3 of the way in and after that I simply had to force myself to put it down to go to sleep. It is a fantastic book that really heats up about a third of the way in and never lets up. Simply amazing, and now I am 100 pages into the second in the series.<br /><br />I was mystified by the (few) poor reviews of The Girl With the Dragon Tattoo, until I read through them. In most of them the reviewers gave their ratings after quitting about 1/3 of the way in, just before the story jumps into overdrive! Do not be put off - this is a GREAT book. When you finish it you will want to dive into the second one immediately. Highly recommended.
B001FOR5XU|3.0|This book is just okay. Doesn't take long to read, so if you like post-apocalyptic stories or vampires this is worth reading. The interior rage of the main character preoccupies the majority of the book. The plot is pretty simplistic and the one character in the book has no real developed. Not really much scare to this book in my opinion. I will say that it is better than the movie which I would give a 2 star rating.
B0047O2HJW|4.0|Stunning collection of the first 8 albums. Sound is perfect, not a fault with any of them. It's worth it for \\"Bringing It All Back Home\\" alone. There is now so much more punch, so much more bottom end it sounds like it's been remixed. I suppose that's it really; it's a brand new mix, to my ears anyway. Subterranean Homesick Blues powers along at a ferocious pace, It's like being slapped in the face. Mr Tambourine Man has a little added reverb to give it more ambiance but not enough that he now sounds like he's singing in the bathroom. All the others are faultless too.    Faultless is a word I could not use about Amazon's packaging though. The first copy they sent me was from importcds.com and not directly from Amazon. I suppose I can't fault Amazon for their inadequate packaging but the buck has to stop with the person I'm paying. Because it was packed in just a small cardboard box with a couple of (burst) air filled pouches, the records had come through the sleeves and spines of the covers. The corner of the box was also squashed. And because it was not being sent from Amazon, the bonus CD that is supposed to come with this edition was not there.    I sent it back. To be fair to Amazon, they immediately refunded the exorbitant postal fees and shipped a new copy out by express post from Amazon Germany. This version had the bonus CD but again, the packing was just a box with some burst, air filled pouches in. There is damage to the outer box but I'm gonna have to live with that now. I have little faith that they will ship me yet another one but with adequate packing this time.    Be warned when ordering this box set. It could easily arrive damaged.
B002ZG98CS|1.0|Incessant and naive commentary on the immigration problem made this movie entirely uwatchable.  Slick and cliched, utterly ridiculous and idiotic.  But above all -- in poor poor taste.  This flick represents a deadend dementia, though perhaps an expected one, of the R. Rodriguez's Mexican theme.  It is, basically, crap.
B00006JIA4|5.0|Hice el pedido por ENVIO NORMAL.  Amazon me pronosticaba que recibiría mi paquete el 31 de Enero.  Pero, OH! SORPRESA! ,lo recibí hoy. Hoy 15 de Enero, mas de 15 días antes de la fecha estimada.  Pues la verdad que la logística que debe manejar Amazon y la logística de Serpost (El Servicio de Correo Postal del Perú) me han dejado muy sorprendidos.    Estoy muy felices con mis CDs de Queen, pues la calidad del audio es excelente.  Me pareció un buen precio, y valía la pena comprarlo.    El paquete donde llega el producto de Amazon, es excelente. Llegaron muy bien protegidos.
B0043A0PXU|5.0|Oh what a beautiful CD it is. I have most of her and her ex's CD's. She has a great voice. I recommend this to everyone for the future Christmas's to come.
B00005ABKC|4.0|How do you follow up a classic album like Damn The Torpedos? Tom knew he had to do something special here and after hearing the masterful The Waiting, you understand, he got it. This song is catchy, has a great guitar/organ compound, and is just overall inspired. It's the kinda stuff a classic single is made of. Bringing producer/friend Jimmy Iovine back, the album has that thick and full sound of its predecessor but it doesn't go out of it's way to replicate everything. Hard Promises is its own album for sure. A heavy handed legal battle, a difficult lead up to his breakthrough album, his mother passing away. It was a growing period for sure and this album shows more depth, a more mature writer at work. Coming to terms with his new stardom and saying, \\"ok where do we go from here\\". They pull it off with flyng colors.    After shining on all fronts with The Waiting, the album takes a more slow appraoch with the single and other recognizable track A Woman In Love (It's Not Me). It's sparce verse sections with its more rolling along chorus, full of guitars and some great solid drum fills from Stan Lynch make it a key cut. But on to the unknowns: Nightwatchman a great more groove oriented mid paced tune full of cutting guitar riffs and some good stomping drum/bass work tells of a guy who is good at what he does but maybe wants more out of life. Something Big and Letting You Go are more slow paced songs, Letting You Go being the better of the two, it has an irresistable whooa/oooh sung line, its got more of a powerful feel still being a slow song. King's Road returns the band to that Byrds style guitar sound, almost sounding like a scrapped cut from Torpedos (complete with that classic TP & the Heartbreakrs shaker). One of the great underlooked tracks here is A Thing About You, fast paced, anthemic, chiming guitars and a frantic chorus it kinda comes along and reinvigorates an album that seems to take more of a slow burn approach that another decent cut The Criminal Kind takes) than the tailwind rock of Torpedos. Insider is the other hit off the album, originally written for Stevie Nicks who loved the bands sound, it ended up being a duet song, a slow organ/acoustic driven number that appears on all the best of's. It's a beautiful song that really shows Tom's change in the compisition department.     Hard Promises is a much more mature effort. But a great one all the same, the songs dont have that rocking melodicism that Torpedos have, but a more subdued rock sense. They reveal more of the bands Byrds/Dylan influence than ever before. Some feel this be the Heartbreakers very best record and some might be right. The writing is masterful throughout and it's great Tom sacrificed the angry more determined style on Torpedos for the growing effort of HP. This would be Toms last completly consistant record till Full Moon Fever but like all great songwriters and bands, theres still a handful of worthwhile and semi classic songs throughout.
B00192IV9U|5.0|Good Value for Money, Very impressed with this cd and I am making good use of it..playing it daily. Also bought from a First Class Seller, plus a very speedy delivery. I would recommend this cd to all Michael Jackson Fans Rating 10/10 :o)
B000065AI3|4.0|Tom Petty is a real rock n roller first and foremost. The guy is a brilliant songwriter. He truely understands the craft and magic behind sitting down writing a song and recording it with a band, a band of friends you hang with and party with and make music with. When his former band Mudcrutch split up after signing with famed English producer Denny Cordell's (Leon Russel, Procol Harum) indie label Shelter Records in 1974, Tom was recording his debut record with session musicians in Hollywood but decided one day to go home and check on his old friends. Guitarist Mike Campbell and keyboardist/pianist Benmont Tench along with a rhythm section consisting of Stan Lynch on drums and Ron Blair on bass. He realized the huge potential, snagged em, brought em in and cut the first Heartbreakers album released in '76.     Of course Mudcrutch had played some great bar music in the Southeast but for some reason on record it didnt translate so when Petty brought in 2/3ds of that band plus 2 new guys it seemed like something had been missing all along and this record shows it. In 76, Springsteen had just gotten hot with Born To Run and the singer/songwriter rocker idea was there. Petty had that but he also had a great set of songs that like Springsteen, told stories. Slice of life rock n roll stories about friends, relationships, past times, and a sort of epic poetry style that packed the good with the bad. Rockin Around (With You), Anything Thats Rock N Roll and Hometown Blues are decent British influenced punk styled rockers that landed the band huge attention across the pond but it was stand out rock gems like The Wild One Forever, Strangered In The Night, and the brooding truely rocking classic Fooled Again that really make this an inspired record front to back.    The more country oriented Mystery Man show the bands early influences and its the bands first single Breakdown that show that heavy Dylan sound they were flirting with. Breakdown and American Girl went onto become radio favorites but at the time this album was really a cult item. It would take the next 2 years before it went fully discovered (in America). The album is great, it really demonstrated everything Petty and band loved and made it their own. It was like an accidental miracle, finding these guys you love to play with, finding that song and making your first real record and that youthful attitude is all over it. The world is right there infront of us lets take it. Any real rock n roll fan needs this debut from one of the best bands of all time.
B001JNNDDI|1.0|I saw Little Miss Sunshine after raves from friends of mine who saw it in the theater. What it turned out to be was a film that felt like a jumble of ideas crammed into one movie. I quote Peter Griffin\\"It insists on itself\\". Every single character has too many quirks. Greg Kinnear is trying to become a self help guru. Paul Dano's Character is taking a vow of silence. Abigail Breslin plays a chubby girl who is picked at the last minute to be in a preteen beauty pagent. Steve Carell plays Toni Collette's gay brother who just tried to commit suicide. Alan Arkin plays the heroin addicted grandfather who teaches his granddaughter(spoiler)to dance like a stripper for the pagent. Throw this wacky bunch of characters into a VW bus and watch hijinx insue. It felt like one of those horrible spoof movies made by the guys who did Disaster Movie and Meet the Spartans. As if the screen writers thought,\\"Hey, lets throw in a bunch of overly quirky characters into one film\\". To be honest Toni Collette was the only character that was remotely grounded in this movie. As I watched the film all I could keep thinking was \\"Really? After everything that keeps going wrong, this batch of idiots are still determaned to go to that stupid beauty pagent\\"? Sorry. Not only was it not believable, it was downright unwatchable.
0143118420|5.0|The New York Times Best Seller Eat Pray Love lays out a candid story of heartache, grief, laughter and hope. It can be found on Oprah Winfrey's Book club and is a movie starring Julia Roberts. I was able to identify with most all the illustrations as they came to life through the authors words. Eat, Pray, Love does a great job describing the trials that many of us face in life and how we can over come them.         Right away I could see the spiritual implications of this book. When I read the book I was on a search for the meaning of life. Gilbert's courageous story helped me put parts of my life into perspective. While reading about her trip to Italy, I was really in Italy eating the gelato, pasta, and homemade pizza. The author's real experiences leaped from the pages into my imagination. The book made apparent the angst in my soul. By learning to meditate as I read about Gilbert's  spiritual journey to India I was able to quiet my mind. Quieting the hyperactivity in my brain to meditate did present a challenge at first, but I followed the lead of this book. By the end of the chapter on India, I was meditating with little effort along side Gilbert. I had remembered what it was like to forgive and to lighten up.          When I started reading this book I had the intention of discovering the next step in my life. To my surprise I had gained confidence and a desire to work things out in my own life no matter how difficult. I had gained a new perspective of others and of myself.           Eat, Pray, Love is at the top of the list as far as novels in my opinion. The fact that Oprah Winfrey indorsed the movie and book had little to do with my desire to investigate its content. Well, maybe a little, her opinion of books does say something to me. So far I have not read a book I did not like that Oprah recommended.  I believe that every person reading this book is sure to be blessed and impacted in some unique way. At the very least one will be wildly entertained. Igive kudos to Elizabeth Gilbert for her courage to tell her story and the talent to do so. Elizabeth Gilbert is comedic, an outstanding writer and brings her audience into her environment. This book helped me remember why I am blessed to be me.
0316069485|3.0|*** May contain SPOILERS ***  Though this was not a bad book at all, I was slightly disappointed by this. Nothing really seemed to happen. No twists or turns in this one. Bad guys turn out bad, and good guys remain good. No additional details on the crime etc as the story progressed. Seemed like a 'Law' procedural ... Everybody knew what needed to be done in the trial, and then it gets done! So how it was done was the interesting part? Maybe this works to people interested in finer points of the law. I am more interested in 'sensational' trials or police procedurals :-)    Another thing which jars with me is putting in all the family members together. It adds a lame (IMHO) dimension to the real story, especially since these relationships are not very interesting in the first place. This is exactly like a movie sequel where all the previous popular characters have to return, whether they fit or not.    So, in summary, fans will definitely like this. Did not do much for me.
B001PU8N0I|5.0|This is an excellent series from the BBC. I initially checked it out from the library and so thoroughly enjoyed it that I had to have it in my collection. Andy Serkis is great as the lascivious and murderously insane Frenchman. The villains are deliciously evil, the heroes are admirable (sometimes you wish they weren't so darn noble, but that's how Dickens exposed social ills, creating virtuous characters to rail against institutionalized evils). Beware--watch this and you'll be hooked!
B0006A9FMI|4.0|First,<br /><br />Let me say that I am a huge fan of Ghost in the Shell and I have watched and own both of the seasons and enjoyed this movie a lot.<br /><br />The only reason I gave this movie four stars instead of five is that the film was only in Japanese so I had to watch it with subtitles but that didn't take away from the experience of it being a great film.<br /><br />If you hate subtitles this film isn't for you but it's still very awesome.
B002JVWR9U|5.0|I love this show and to have it on DVD is the best. How great is it to be able to see two hot vampires whenever I want.
B0021L8V0W|1.0|First of Two bad dvd's same movie. Exchanged. Still no good. Must be bad batch of Salt DVD's. No it is not the player. I tried different movie, player works fine.
B002VPMF14|5.0|IF YOU ARE A DISNEY FAN THIS EDITION IS A MUST OWN AND NOT VERY LIKELY TO BE REISSUED IN THIS SPECIAL STEELBOOK EDITION.THIS MOVIE WAS NOT SOLD IN STORES AND IS A VERY COLLECTABLE ADDITION FOR YOUR COLLECTION AND ALSO CONTAINS BOTH THE BLUE RAY RELEASE AS WELL AS THE DVD RELEASE.
B003YWUTJI|2.0|I purchased this CD as a present for my grown daughter, who had put it on her wish list.  I had previewed some of the music on the Internet, and had decided to not buy it for myself, even  though I'm a huge Norah Jones fan.  My daughter reports that she was very disappointed in the CD.
B0030CNLMO|5.0|IF YOU ARE A DISNEY FAN THIS EDITION IS A MUST OWN AND NOT VERY LIKELY TO BE REISSUED IN THIS SPECIAL STEELBOOK EDITION.THIS MOVIE WAS NOT SOLD IN STORES AND IS A VERY COLLECTABLE ADDITION FOR YOUR COLLECTION AND ALSO CONTAINS BOTH THE BLUE RAY RELEASE AS WELL AS THE DVD RELEASE.
B001IBIHQ4|4.0|this is one of the better miniseries that I have seen in a long time , very well documented and produced.
B002VPPS18|5.0|IF YOU ARE A DISNEY FAN THIS EDITION IS A MUST OWN AND NOT VERY LIKELY TO BE REISSUED IN THIS SPECIAL STEELBOOK EDITION.THIS MOVIE WAS NOT SOLD IN STORES AND IS A VERY COLLECTABLE ADDITION FOR YOUR COLLECTION AND ALSO CONTAINS BOTH THE BLUE RAY RELEASE AS WELL AS THE DVD RELEASE.
B002ZG980U|2.0|Honestly, movies should never be this darn complicated! If I wanted to think this much, I'd go do some Algebra or try to figure out women. Ridiculously complicated!! If \\"Wicker Park\\" was hard for you to follow, then don't even think of approaching this tangled up mess of complexities. Do yourself a favor and don't waste what will seem like five hours of your day, or ten hours if you rewind every two minutes to try to \\"get\\" something. I give it two stars for some cool effects.
B002RWKSII|2.0|Only one or two songs are worth listening to and I wish I had previewed the album before ordering.  The album was recommended by a friend and I foolishly ordered on their recommendation.  Lesson learned.
B003EYVXSW|2.0|At first sight, \\"Splice\\" (Dark Castle being its co-production company) belongs to the minor genre, namely a sci-fi film about brilliant (and often misguided) scientists doing some morally debatable experiments. As you know, the subject matter has been treated in films countless times since Dr. Frankenstein and his monster, but \\"Splice\\" directed by Vincenzo Natali (\\"Cube\\") attempts to give some emotional depths to the overused topic. \\"Splice\\" is not just a sci-fi thriller. Well, the trouble is, whatever \\"Splice\\" wants to be, the film looks very silly.    Two maverick scientists Clive (Adrien Brody) and Elsa (Sarah Polley) hired by a pharmaceutical company that wants a new medicine have made a groundbreaking invention: a totally new life form. The genetically engineered \\"creature\\" (named \\"Dren\\") looks like a human with a long tail. Here is an opportunity for ethical debate or \\"Species\\"-like campy horrors. Instead of them, Natali's \\"Splice\\" tries to focus the fragile relationships between the scientists and its subject, or something more disturbing.     So far, the film is not bad. The special effects are also decent. The problem is, in order to make its point the film ignores details that are essential to building up believable characters. It is painful watching characters (not just Clive and Elsa), who should be enough intelligent to discuss moral dilemma, making stupid decisions over and over again. Those scientists don't even know what they really want. The company is so sloppy in managing their \\"properties\\" on which they must have spent millions of dollars. So why should we take the film seriously?     It is even more painful watching talented actors playing unbelievable characters exchanging silly dialogs. But the greatest problem is that \\"Splice\\" is predictable and boring. Once you get the drift of the story, you know where it is going, and it is exactly what happens in the muddled third act.
B000QUCPWU|5.0|Booker T and the MG's is so much more than their most popular song, Green Onions. But it was that song which first turned me on to the group. This \\"best of\\" compilation has an excellent collection of song which demonstrate the band's range of jazzy, groovy sound, perfect for times you just want to groove or kick back and relax. Consider Green Onions just a primer to depth of the band's musical sound. Time is Tight and Hang'em High are two of my favorites on here.
B000FA5MUI|5.0|\\"So much, for now, for the wampeter of my karass.\\"<br /><br />Vonnegut goes as far as making up his own vernacular and religion in this story that begins innocuous enough. The writer wishes to document the day the atom bombs fell on Japan, and finds his way into the lives of the bomb's late inventor and his family. What follows is a tale of twisted beliefs, self-destructive tendencies, and of seemingly mundane events that will one day transform the world.<br /><br />Multiple people with related histories collide (through more than luck if you believe in the book's religion of Bokononism)  in a darkly comedic way on the mythical island of San Lorenzo, and the fate of all mankind is in the balance.<br /><br />It is no wonder that Vonnegut has been a staple on the bookshelves of student everywhere, as he is a masterful writer that engages, entertains, and challenges notions of normality. Cat's Cradle is a book that everyone should read at some point, as a great example of an author that defined a genre.
B00275EHJG|5.0|Great for soon to be empty nesters! My husband and I have a 16 year old and the old toys are going away slowly.  This was a great show and got me thinking about being an empty nester in a couple of years.
B002ZG99N6|5.0|This is one of the few films I like as much as the book it is based on. I won't comment on the ending other than to say I like it a lot. Superbly written, acted, and directed.
B000UPGQQW|1.0|I finally got to see this pathetic, predictable, and utterly ridiculous film after picking up a copy in the three dollar bargain bin at a local retailer. What is it with the vampire theme that impels Hollywood to crank out mostly second rate films on the subject decade after decade, ad nauseum?! I'm sure it has something to do with the short attention span and reduced expectations of America's youth culture today (including the 80's). For some bizarre reason, vampires sell. Keifer Sutherland with fake fangs and fake blood spurting out of kitchen sinks and toilets is about as stupid and mindless as a movie can get!  I want my 3 bucks and 96 minutes of my life back!
1400079144|2.0|I loved the previous 4 books from Dan Brown, as they had really interesting revelations and fast paced action scenes, cliffhangers and confrontations.<br /><br />Lost Symbol however feels like religious propaganda boringly distributed by two top scientists who take two to four chapters to decipher an absolutely obvious clue, which leaves us with the feeling that Dan Brown doesn't care if the main characters look absolutely idiotic as long as he can write endless pages of nonsense.<br /><br />The last four or five chapters I almost entirely skipped, as they became religious babble and noetic propaganda. In case Mr. Brown didn't notice, people bought The Da Vinci Code because it was controversial and the church wanted to excommunicate him. If we wanted religious praising and apologetic ramblings, we would buy something else.<br /><br />What saves him from just one star is that at least in the first half of the book he kept us googling for paintings and images and discovering some interesting trivia about Washington buildings.
030746363X|5.0|Great advice that cuts to the chase - simple diet, simple exercise program - pick and choose what to read/not read. Tim Ferriss is top notch!
B000AGTPUK|5.0|This is a story that touches the heart of many adults. The children on the train go to see the real thing about Christmas and Santa and get the belief of Christmas up front with their own eyes! I trully enjoyed watching it and have several times and probably will again. I loved the animation and voices and characters played in this wonderful movie!<br />  S.A. from Texas!
B000VBIGD6|5.0|Natinal Lampoon's Christmas Vacation is one of the BEST Christmas movies that I've seen in my LIFE!!! Chevy Chase, there is no other or comparsion. I watch this movie throughout the year. I moved late Oct. 2010 and could not find my dvd. So, I had to purchase another one. Although, I watch it throughout the year, I had to purchase it before Christmas, because my Christmas just would not be the same without it! It is hilarious!!! Go Get It!!!
030726999X|5.0|The last in a gripping, nail biting trilogy, prepare to fully inhabit the author's world and reside there for however long it takes you to get to the end of the book. Expect to become obsessed with the characters, to worry about them on your commute to work, and to talk about them ad nauseum to whomsoever will listen to you. And finally, don't be surprised at the distress you feel when you turn the last page and read the last word.
B003ZJJFKE|5.0|This CD seems like a swing back to Satriani's earlier work, like Surfing with the Alien and Flying in a Blue Dream. I like it very much.    There is little more that can be said about Satriani which hasn't already been said a thousand times. He is a fantastic guitarist and musician, very creative, great stage presence (check out his DVDs), and so on. The thing which makes him stand out for me is the extreme musicality of his work. Lots of people can shred like a buzzsaw, but Satriani's creations are melodious and deeply musical. I consider him the most melodious of all the shredmeisters.    Much of his music has an anthem-like or heroic quality. It seems to uplift and transport the listener (at least it does that for me - I have even had out-of-body experiences listening to some of his pieces - and, no, NO drugs were involved, in case you wondered). I also do some qigong exercises to certain cuts and find that they accentuate the flow of qi in some ways. Way cool music.    Cut number 7, The Golden Room, reminds me a tiny bit of the style of a band I heard once in the late 70s, called Carmen, that did flamenco music at hard rock volumes, complete with dancers on stage. Very cool. It is a style that lends itself to heavy instrumentation well, and has not been explored as much as other styles (at least as far as I know).      UPDATE: That number 7 cut inspired me to go looking for anything by Carmen, and sure enough, their albums have been re-issued on CD. More unexpected inspiration from Satriani - Thank you, Joe!      Another great release from one of the world's all time great musicians. Thanks, again, Joe. Your work is appreciated more than you know.
B00024I2Z4|5.0|Buying this and re-watching it after a long time was so much fun. It is definitely worth your money for you, and possibly your kids to watch together. This cartoon justifies that women, too, can be brave and strong. Also, the focus of this Disney production, for once, were not White-Anglo characters. Mulan may not be a princess, but she's definitely ranked up there with the Disney princesses we grew up to admire, perhaps even better than them. She is brave, smart, beautiful, and selfless. Great animation!    FUN FACT: Mulan and Princess Jasmine have the same singing voice, Lea Salonga.
B002NVELDQ|5.0|I enjoyed this smart and entertaining show so much, I purchased all three seasons! The characters are well developed and interesting. The plots seem to be natural to time period.  This is educational for young woman who need to know how far we have and have not come. The style, both costumes and set, is so detailed and authentic it serves as a character itself.
1439177783|5.0|Ms. de Rossi writes about her eating disorders and her other tendencies in a most honest and compelling way.  She is truthful about all the horrible feelings she had towards herself and what they drove her to do.  I remember her hair on commercials and always thought she was beautiful.  This book proves she is even more lovely on the inside.  I also remember seeing her on a magazine with Ellen and thinking that was pretty cool.  I hope all continues to go well for her.  She is a great actress and now can be seen as an accomplished author.
B000SEFNMS|5.0|I read this book for a College course, and wasn't too happy about it.  But after I started reading, I couldn't stop.  Very good true story that keeps you interested throughout.
B002BU0DPE|5.0|These headphones are a great buy for the price. You have plenty of cord so even though it's plugged into your PS3 it's no problem at all. Great sound quality, and my COD winning percentage is going up. Buy these if you can't afford the top notch ones.
B003F1WM2K|5.0|i am simply trying to figure out why when i searched for lord of misule i was offerred just kids.  and when i searched for jaimy gordon i was offerred just kids.  plan to read just kids. but the search was a little janky.
030746363X|5.0|If you only get around to reading the first chapter - it is worth it!   Why? Because Tim Ferriss shows you how to differentiate between the important stuff and all the bogus. But most importantly he shows you how to take control of your own body, and how to become a self-experimenter.  This book is for the many people who really want big results fast, but also for the experienced athletes who want to up their abilities.
B003VS0CX8|5.0|One of my favorite movies with an thoroughly enjoyable soundtrack and powerful imagery and story which really captivated me. I always thought this movie was the sequel to \\"Mary Poppins\\" but I was wrong. The DVD was enjoyable and I wish I had a Blu-Ray player to see the 1080p version of the film. Found it incredibly enjoyable and it can never be remade.
0064410935|5.0|\\"It's not often that someone comes along who is a true friend . . .\\"<br /><br />Fern Arable, eight year old farm girl, stops her father from killing a piglet who has been labeled the runt of the litter. She names the piglet Wilbur and nurses him from the bottle, surrounding him with her love. When Wilbur is able to eat on his own, they sell him to Fern's uncle Mr. Zuckerman, who lives near by. Soon Wilbur finds himself in a barn full of animals and scents of straw, manure, and slops. The only thing missing - is a true friend.<br /><br />That's how a great bond of friendship begins between Wilbur and a spider named Charlotte, who lives in the rafters above his pen. With Christmas time approaching, Charlotte comes up with a plan to  save Wilbur from the mean and cold-hearted slaughter of turning him into the bacon. To persuade Mr. & Mrs. Zuckerman that Wilbur is not an ordinary pig and needs to be spared, Chralotte devotes all her time and strength to weaving words into her web. One morning she presents the words \\"Some Pig\\" in her web in the top corner of the barn's doorway. A hurdle of people came to see this miracle, a sign from above, the miracle nobody can explain. That's how a Wilbur becomes an attraction of the state, a famous Zuckerman's pig.<br /><br />Wilbur is not in danger anymore, thanks to Charlotte. But the spider herself is not into loud celebrations - she grows weaker and weaker with each following day. On the day of the Fair, she gets her last strength to accompany her friend on his special trip. Among the cheer of the crowd on the Fair's Grounds, Charlotte quietly makes an egg sac and passes it onto Wilbur's care, quietly staying behind herself:  \\"After all, what is a life, anyway? We're born, we live a little while , we die. A spider's life can't help being something of a mess, with all this trapping and eating flies. By helping you, perhaps I was trying to lift my life a trifle. Heaven knows anyone's life can stand a little of that.\\"  Wilbur guards her eggs in the barn until her babies are born in the spring, and while most of them fly away, three baby spiders stay behind and become his friends. He's able to guide them the way Charlotte guided him, which brings a wonderful sense of continuity and satisfaction.<br /><br />In this tender story of friendship, hardship, and the passing on into time, E.B. White reminds us of the wonder and miracle found in the simplest of things. But above all, it is a powerful story of friendship - deeply moving and superbly written - a true, timeless classic.<br /><br />Julia Shpak<br />Author of \\"Power of Plentiful Wisdom\\". Available on Amazon.<br />For more book reviews visit my blog \\"Julia's Library\\"[...]until her babies are born in the spring, and while most of them fly away, three baby spiders stay behind and become his friends. He's able to guide them the way Charlotte guided him, which brings a wonderful sense of continuity and satisfaction.     In this tender story of friendship, hardship, and the passing on into time, E.B. White reminds us of the wonder and miracle found in the simplest of things. But above all, it is a powerful story of friendship - deeply moving and superbly written - a true, timeless classic.     Julia Shpak  Author of \\"Power of Plentiful Wisdom\\". Available on Amazon.  For more book reviews visit my blog \\"Julia's Library\\"[...]
0316069485|4.0|A very interesting read and a good addition to the Connelly series.  This is a fun and entertaining book but it does fall short in a number of ways that are typical of Michael Connelly.  For one thing, all of his books end with the bad guy going down in a blaze of glory and ultimately not seeing any true justice. The book is interesting and highly enjoyable but ultimately it all leads down blind path which results in the reader feeling denied. I would have liked to see a substantial ending and something that leaves you feeling like you've read a real book and not something thrown together.     I do think this is fun but I would recommend it as easy reading and simple minded fun.
B00493AD74|2.0|Dull, uninspired, selfish, and lacking charisma.  Julia is a great actress and the scenery where she travels is absolutely beautiful, but the pace and characters were boring.
030746363X|5.0|Tim had some of this information on his blog and I'm happy to be able to go through it in more detail. The bottom line for me is that I've lost 70lbs using the information in this book. While I consider myself pretty smart and ambitious, I struggled with losing significant weight for 2 reasons: business and stress. Tim's dieting system was one of the few options that made it easier for me to follow due to it's simplicity. If you're still searching for a way to lose weight, you should give this book a read.
B003WJQ74E|5.0|I remember having to read this book for a class back in high school. I loved it then and I love it now. I have read Flowers for Algernon more than once and I still believe it is a truly touching story.<br />Charlie Gordon is a 32 year old man who is mentally retarded. He is chosen to undergo an experimental surgery that will increase his intelligence. Algernon is a mouse who has already had the surgery and shows signs of increased intelligence.<br />The entire story is told through Charlie's \\"progress reports\\" from the time before the surgery to the time after.<br />It is amazing to see his progress and how his IQ receives an enormous boost, but it doesn't last. His new intelligence is both a gift and a curse. He achieves greatness and a new sense of humanity only to forget it in the end.<br />I recommend this book to everyone and anyone.
0439023513|2.0|Well, I loved the first two books. But Mockingjay just fell short. First off, this book was more of a 'telling' than 'seeing'. There were so many parts that needed to be extended, instead she just brush right threw them. The ending was awful as well. So many questions were left unanswered, I mean, a war had just happened. What the heck was going on? What happened? What happened to the districts? To the characters? I was disappointed, since this book could've been amazing. But it's the last book in the series so you have to finish it and read it.
B0007OCG4W|3.0|I first heard of \\"Closer\\" when I was taking acting classes at a community theater and some people did scenes from it. I looked it up on the Movie Review Query Engine and saw that it involved people being dishonest and unfaithful to each other, and since I don't like people who do that, I didn't go see it, and I forgot all about it.<br /><br />Flash forward to 2010, I saw and loved Natalie Portman in \\"Black Swan\\" so I decided I'd take a look since \\"Closer\\" got lots of critical acclaim.  And I'm glad I did because it's not often I see a movie so disconnected from reality.  Characters blurt out statements that make no sense.  Characters do things that make no sense.  It got to the point where I continued watching it simply to see what outrageous, implausible thing would happen next.<br /><br />It's a pity because all the actors involved are capable of fine performances (Jude Law, Natalie Portman, and Clive Owen in particular).  But great actors can't take a plot and dialogue like this and make it work no matter how hard they try. I was left in the end with the feeling I had watched someone's off-off-off-off Broadway experimental theater production that should have miscarried before anyone was subjected to the experience of having to watch it.<br /><br />But lest you think I'm completely negative here about the film, I will comment that the opening scene where Natalie Portman and Jude Law \\"meet cute\\" is quite lovely and the song playing in the background \\"Can't take my eyes off of you\\" is quite haunting.  But one great scene does not a great movie make.
B00006DEF9|5.0|I purchased this movie through Amazon.  It was very easy to do so.  The movie is one of my all time favorites.  If you like dancing and singing and a different style of movie making [instead of all flash, fire, and super action stunts], this may be a movie that you want to see.  Besides Gene Kelly is a fantastic dancer!!!
B004AUNSX2|5.0|I liked this movie because it was based on a true story and keep your interested until the end.  The acting was exceptional.  It's definitely a good movie for a rainy weekend night.
0810997827|5.0|These books are perfect for 7 year olds and older!  They are also a great value!  My son got all 5 books for Christmas and is already on book 4.
B000BM6AVA|2.0|I review fairly. This review is no different.<br /><br />The pros of \\"Hypnotize\\" is that it has intriguing rhythms along with its captivating guitar riffs. That's one aspect of this CD though. Highlights are \\"Dreaming\\" with its unusual problematic view of society, the title track with its expression of the negative impact of television, the upbeat \\"U-Fig,\\" \\"Holy Mountains,\\" and the overused expression of the word \\"banana\\" in \\"Vicinity of Obscenity.\\" 5 tracks out of 12! Wow, amazing! Paparazzi come to a party and shoot balloons! Also, the artwork of the booklet, which also features its lyrics, is uniquely exquisite.<br /><br />The con of \\"Hypnotize\\" are the lyrics! For those who aren't familiar with reading my reviews, I'm a lyrics person, and the lyrics always matter, forever! Even one line can destroy a song. I'm a harsh critic, but I judge fairly. Don't get me wrong, there is nothing wrong with being different, and I don't mind if not admire unique lyrics; I'm a weird fellow myself, but when you talk about unnecessary institutional urgent destruction (Attack), watching someone's death \\"everday\\" (Kill Rock 'N Roll), \\"looking for a mother that will get me high\\" (Stealing Society), heplessness and hopelessness (Tentative), explotation of a heroin abuser (She's Like Heroin), lonliness (Lonely Day), and unknown prophetic religious denial (Soldier Side), then there's a problem. Open your eyes, folks, to those who had experience with this album; all these 4 or 5-star reviews are quite unsound, even if they talk about the negative lyrical content and still praise the album.<br /><br />Now, there is one track on \\"Hypnotize\\" that opened my eyes and told me that lyrics don't always matter; rhythm impact does too. There'll be a bit of controversy because of this review, but I can deal with the relative aftermath. This is a pathetic way to leave the music industry, a lasting impression of \\"Hypnotize.\\" System of a Down fell off, and this album advocates my point.
B003NWS5AO|5.0|I bought this CD as soon as it came out because I love Patty Griffin and Buddy Miller.  That being said, Robert Plant obviously is at the top of the food chain here, and his song selection clearly is a tribute to the rich tradition of Roots Americana music.  While many of the songs feature the mandolin and have a strong Appalachian feel to them (Angel Dance, House of Cards, Central Two-O-Nine, Cindy I'll Marry You Someday, and Satan Your Kingdom Must Come Down), You Can't Buy Me Love is a fairly straight-up folk rocker, and several songs feature the pedal steel and have a strong Country feel (Falling In Love Again and The Only Sound That Matters).  However, my absolute favorite two songs are covers from the band, Low, which I never had heard of before, Silver Rider and Monkey, which other reviewers aptly have described as \\"otherworldly.\\"  The more I listen to this CD, the more I like it.  Highly recommended.
B00127RAJY|5.0|I feel that I am in pretty good shape, working out 4-5 days a week.  I am a big fan of Tae-Bo (although Billy is a bit annoying and can't keep count) and Turbo Jam.  I really like Jari Love's Get Ripped series for tough weight lifting and an overall great workout, and I have P90X and can work through the tough workouts.  My friend let me borrow this dvd because I have never tried Jillian before.  I really liked this workout a lot... though Jillian drives me a little crazy (I knew of this before doing the workout because I am a Biggest Loser watcher).  The thing I like the most about this particular DVD is the time it takes to do one workout, 20 minutes.  It's hard to squeeze in an hour long P90X or even a 45 minute Turbo Jam when you have 3 little kids and can't seem to keep your hand off of the snooze button in the morning.  The first time I tried this DVD I had my hair in curlers, thought I'd kill some time before finishing getting ready.  I hopped up to level 2, because... I work out, I run, I can take this.  Well... curlers whacking me in the head during cardio circuits and I end up needing a shower by the end.  This is a great workout squeezed into a minimal amount of time.  I did not follow some 30 day program, and I still haven't used level 1.... but I have done both 2 and 3 a few times.  And I will continue so that I can get a tough little workout and sweat in a small amount of time.    I am somewhat a collector of workout DVDs, it seems.  And I don't follow all of the \\"programs\\" they suggest to go along... like the 90 days of P90X or the 30 days in 30 day shred.  But I do workout almost every day and I like having variety and something I can choose from, and it's hard to find a short workout that really delivers.  This is one to add to the collection for when you are short on time.
B002JH3TW8|5.0|This is a fantastic FireWire 800 to 400 adapter. The construction is excellent, it feels sturdy - like I'll be able to use it regularly without issues, even throwing it in my backpack everday. I bought this to connect my external FireWire 400 drives to my new MacBook Pro which only has a FireWire 800 port. The thing I like about this adapter over many others is that there is a cable between the two ends - this means there isn't one long & inflexible converter + plug connected to your computer, a major plus for anyone whose looking for portability and compactness.    The packaging is also fantastic. Just the right amount. Also, I'm a huge fan of design AND function, and moshi did a nice job making the adapter LOOK nice and function well. Just plug it in and it works, while still looking attractive at the same time.
B002ZCY7SW|5.0|I am a huge 24 fan. I have all the seasons. I just wish there could be more seasons, I'm sadden the the series is over. If you have never watched any of the series, and you like thrillers,and action. I recommend the you get each series, and get ready to sit at the edge of your seat.
B0026JWDQW|5.0|CD sent as a gift. Arrived as predicted. Recipient loved the CD and it's among her favorites now - she has a crush on Paolo!
B0015ABRE2|5.0|very happy with product dvd works fine dexter is a great show and amazon delivered the product promptly for a very good price would recommend everybody check out season one of dexter and use amazon they have delivered to me thus far problem free and offering great prices on new items
0307387178|4.0|This is a book that was needed for my daughter to read in school.   I have always had positive purchases from Amazon as well as delivery when stated.
B002ZG97EC|4.0|my kids loved this movie and lets be honest so did my husband and i. This was an adorable family movie. It was funny and light hearted and deep as well in other parts. I would completely recommend this to anyone that has been adopted or not. This is heartwarming. I want so badly to describe some of the parts but it truly is a movie meant to be experienced in a whole and i don't want to ruin any of it. So no spoilers from me. Would love a sequel.
B0043ZDU1E|5.0|I had no idea this cd came out until another friend told me. I buy everything of LK she is only a handful of singers that I do like and listen to all the time. This cd went to work the first night by mellowing me out and put me right to sleep. I love her voice. I have all of her cd's and I take them with me every where on my ipod.   She doesn't disappoint with this and she is back to her roots with the songs on this one.
B0021L8V0W|1.0|I have the exact issue same player Vizio VBR100 and the same latest firmware update i even went out and bought a flash drive to download the firmware update to see if that was the problem. I called Vizio and they said they might have to try to develop a firmware for it to play as well, but they are unsure when/if it will be ready. So the movie is just sitting in a draw in my home. I'm not a rich person by any means so i think that this \\"bad batch\\" of blu rays needs to be recalled and a universal Blu Ray provided for the people who have purchased and been disappointed because some places namely walmart if you open it too bad no refunds only exchange for exact product they even open it for you. They need to make this right with their customers.RECALL<br /><br />Update: I had to buy an entire new blu ray player for this movie to work i think that i should be reimbursed for my troubles but i'm sure sony won't want anything to do with that.
B0036OS3Q0|5.0|My wife loves them. She has Morton's neuroma and, consequently, she needs her shoes to be very comfortable and wide. These boots are all that plus warm and light. We are very satisfied with this purchase.
0316067598|5.0|Fast shipping, awsome product, just as described by seller. Would do business with again. Also recomend reading Seal Of Honor. Its like part 2 of this book! Very great story!
0316098337|1.0|This was such a tedious, drawn out read. I have no idea why it has received so many positive reviews.  Would have made an interesting short story (perhaps) but there was just not enough story for this book.
B00004Y6O9|5.0|Before David Lee Roth was a charactor and Eddie was a difficult-to- deal-with sonic dictator, this classic album came out of nowhere and knocked the rock fan senseless.<br /><br />Besides the great songs, it's the production that was phenomenal. Eddie's out in front tone lets you know, this is THE guitar album. Never did you hear so much beautiful distortion, hammer-ons and tapping, and diving wammy bars. Never, in a hard rock album, did one notice such a pronounced deep end, with the bass and drums locked in so well and so prominently featured. Lastly, the vocals are so acrobatic and cocky (typical and accepted once Van Halen gained their foothold yet very daring when featured in a debut).<br /><br />I'm not going to comment on the songs because they are all great. If you are considering this cd, then I find it impossible for you to not have familiarity with all these songs. Do I really need to apply my views on \\"Running with the Devil\\" ,\\"Eruption\\", \\"You really got me\\", 'Aint Talking about Love\\" etc?<br /><br />This is ROCK 101, the ABCs of rock and essential for any collection. To get a compilation and ignore all the songs on this debut is damn criminal!
B000VMFDW2|4.0|Near the end of the book, Sledge laments his skill as a storyteller, wishing that he had the right words to finish up his details about the battles he fought in the Pacific in the Second World War.  Alas, there is no summation, and this is not a defect in Sledge's narrative skills.  Instead it is a reflection of the reality of modern war.<br /><br />Noncombatants the world over may have known that old lie: \\"Dulce and decorum est pro patria mori.\\"  We have moved away from a glorification of warfare, in part I think because the ambiguity of the major wars we have fought since the Japanese surrender.  Yet we still fit the events of WWII as part of some grand narrative in two parts - a race from Pearl Harbor to Berlin and Tokyo.  Sledge shows the lie and the actual terror of the combatant and the unreality of war.  One of the most telling things for me was that even after the fact and with access to resources he is often unable to exactly figure out where he is in time and space.<br /><br />Sledge lived to tell the tale; through two major battles he avoided the \\"law of averages\\" and missed out on the Purple Heart.  He was one of the lucky ones, but this book is not about him.  This book is about all those who were not a lucky as he was and all the men of the armed forces that found shallow graves on lonely islands in the Pacific.  He writes a fitting eulogy for all those lost men; it is an eulogy too often told.
B00130VLZ4|5.0|This cover actually worked really well. I needed a cover for my digital camera for light weight traveling. It protected it from lots of rain too!
B002UNMWAG|1.0|What a complete disappointment. After 10 years of teasing fans of the original movie with promises of a sequel, THIS is what we get?? BDS2 was complete schlock.    Much of BDS2 is just re-enacted scenes from the first movie, forced-in where they don't really fit. The story is a series of contrivances that undermine the story of the first movie.    The MacManus brothers are no longer presented as shepherds set on a righteous path by God.  Instead they are now born killers who cannot control the hunger to kill again, which is backed by some vague desire for personal revenge.    The MacManus brothers are in conflict with each other, but not in the same good-natured way as in the first film. This never plays out to any kind of conclusion, making it one of many things that just don't make any sense in the movie.      Some new characters:    Romeo.  Apparently the movie needed a new Rocco.  Unfortunately, what we end up with is a Jar Jar Binks character that everyone would have been much happier without.    Eunice.  She wants to be a badass lawgirl.  Instead, she comes across as a stripper who likes playing pretend cops-and-robbers.    The Roman.  The new \\"bad guy\\". This character could have been *anyone* - it really wouldn't have made any difference to the story.      Returning characters:    Detectives Geenly, Duffy, and Dolly are superfluous to the story and are there almost solely to remind the audience that this movie is supposed to have something to do with the original BDS.    Agent Smecker is briefly onscreen.  Again, this is a contrivance - put Willem Dafoe on the credits, draw in that audience...    Billy Connolly is back as Il Duce.  Unfortunately he isn't given any good dialogue and doesn't play much part in the action either.  If he had been given something to do in this movie, there would have been little need for Romeo.      So it seems that BDS2's goal was just to get fans to open up their wallets and bend over.  But if you're a fan of the first movie, you're going to (try to) watch this one anyway.
1439177783|5.0|The book is beautifully written. And the subject is something everyone should read about... Warmly reccomend it. It´s written in a very poetic yet cruel reality way. A must!!!
B002JT69NC|5.0|High school years can be very awkward and filled with feelings of alienation literally. A few have it easy but most are insecure completely. I know I had fun but was faced with lots of doubts. Substances will only make things worse though and teens need to grasp that instead of frying their brains. This movie does everything right , it really taps into this period of problems circa the late 1990's.  This came out in 1998 and I loved it at the theaters it was well acted and a lower budget a movie really. It succeeds at every goal it sets storywise. Teen acceptance, alianation, confusion and the feeling of fear that you won't make it as a adult. This looks better on Blu ray than than standard dvd as  you would expect. however this is not remastered really, alot of canadian only titles are just the same print off dvd put on blu ray. Still the print is a good one here unlike lets say halloween h20 which has dirt and specks all over it. THe other two movies on the halloween triple pack though look great. (another canadian only release) with these canadian ones you at least get them on blu ray but don't expect any work done to the print. This one is only 1080i but it looks pretty good!, This though had a good print thankfully , unlike the canadian only blade 2, final destination 2 and  'a hard days night\\". these will all come out on blu ray here eventually, but this one may never do that; so this one is the one to get if you want to buy a canadian ONLY blu ray. I went to amazon canada to get it from them and it came pretty quickly too. This may not be remastered; but it's still better than the dvd version by far. It's close to what I saw in the theater in 1998 yakima, washington state even. the extras are  none though; but at least I got this cool sci fi flick from the 90's finally on blu ray. It's one of my favorite sci fi flicks of that decade. So this was a must have for me. Only a non sci fi fan could give this cool flick a one star rating so ignore those.
0061020680|4.0|I really love Death in Pratchett's books so I was excited to read a book that was focused on him, but I was somewhat disappointed. It still had a lot of funny bits (Death cooks at one point), but I was not super-impressed with this one. It may be one of those expectation things.<br /><br />Mort strikes me as a somewhat bumbling character, who knows he is not supposed to do something, but then does it anyway. Of course, I guess that is typical of humans in general so he gets a partial pass.<br /><br />There are these books that write down the stories of humans, and what happens with them is really amusing. I definitely loved each scene with those books. I think the problem is reading too many Pratchetts lately so maybe a couple months break to better appreciate his humor again is in order.
B003WTE886|2.0|After a promising debut that was quirky and original this effort was sad, and missed the mark.<br /><br />Maybe she was TOO successful with her first album, and it made her label give her TOO much latitude to fill this release with whiny and vindictive drivel, but you can only get away with so many of those tunes on one release before people are going to get sick of hearing it.<br /><br />If you are a 14 year old girl and some boy broke your heart, you will love this album - it is great for a pity party and a tub of chunky monkey, but adults that are looking for a more mature tone may want to skip this one.
B0046HAKMQ|4.0|I will note that I saw the movie before I ever read the book, and so the plot did not come as much of a surprise. This also meant that, in my mind's eye, I was viewing the characters as they were portrayed in the movie instead of something unique that my mind thought up.<br /><br />I liked this story; I thought it was perhaps somewhat creepy, but that was to be expected from the premise. It's not so spooky that it should not be read by kids, but there is definitely a sinister element to it although I think the movie portrays that part better than the book.<br /><br />Coraline goes through various quests because the other mother wants to keep her from in this world that the other mother has created. There is a moral to this that you should not neglect your kids, and that getting everything you want is not a good thing for kids.<br /><br />I would consider this to be a middle grade read rather than a pure YA.
030746363X|3.0|having had no knowledge of dieting really, i found some of the recommendations interesting but a little vague. others have mentioned and i'll agree, it's unclear how much protein should be consumed in a given meal, the idea of not worrying about calories is contradicted and the whole plan seems haphazard to me. if you're going to introduce a diet plan to people, i think it should be more fleshed out than this.     i have been doing what ferriss suggests and after 2 weeks have seen no difference either in weight loss or a reduction in body measurement. might just be me as i'm not heavyset, just have a beer belly. that said, i have been eating breakfast which wasn't always the case and the diet itself isn't hard to follow. i cook a lot and it was really just a matter of leaving starches out of the meal.     ferriss also claims the diet is easy as can be which is also misleading. between buying a bunch of equipment (which i didn't do because i can't afford it), getting tests and x-rays (ditto re $$), buying supplements (ditto re $$), and monitoring everything you do on you \\"cheat\\" day; it can end up quite costly and not easily implemented into a normal life.    i read the rest of the book and while it's entertaining at times, there's a lot of useless stuff that seems really gimmicky. get by on 2 hours sleep, hold your breath for 5 minutes, how to hit a baseball...i mean really, who cares?  the 15 minute orgasm thing is pretty ridiculous too. maybe it'll be beneficial for some but it looks pretty clinical, unsexy and unfun. since the dieting stuff doesn't seem to work for me i'm not going to mess around with his ideas about workouts. i don't want to injure myself.    i don't think i'd recommend this book but if it's in the $5 bin it might bring you a few laughs. as for me, i spent $15, so i just look at like i bought the guy a couple of drinks at the bar to hear a couple of his stories.
B000NH7SZ0|5.0|works great, no problems.  Bois recognized on first boot.  Now my system is running at a nice clean speed!
1934429376|5.0|This book is amazing! Great graphics and pages upon pages of his work.  I discovered a lot about Charley Harper that I had never known! This book encompasses a lot of his work, over his whole career, and is absolutely wonderful. It is great to see how he started out and how he progressed, from project to project.  I love the interview with Charley at the beginning. It is a huge book, and pretty heavy. But that has not discouraged me from reading the whole thing in one sitting! If you order this book, you will not be disappointed.
B000O179EK|5.0|I don't actually know anything about this particular HD DVD Copy of Lebowski. I didn't watch it. I ordered it for a Dirty Santa present. There was a copy of the movie, a bowling pin, a turkey baster, and fixins for White Russians. I was awesome.      ***Edit: Great movie. Makes you want to smoke and drink and cuss and bowl.
B0026P3G12|5.0|Great singer and lovely cd.  Gave it as a gift because my husband wanted it.  The newer one is good also.
B0034KHFM4|5.0|Not even going to lie. The Fame Monster is pop genius. The Monster Ball concert is one of THE, if not THE best concert I've seen. Lady Gaga is the Queen of Pop (since Madonna was elevated to God of Pop on Michael Jackson's passing. Britney is still the Pop Princess). I'm not a 13 year old girl or 19 year old gay boy. I am a 33 year old woman, and I. Love. Gaga.
030746363X|5.0|Very useful book. Full of hints how to get a new healthy body and very easy way.Easy to read. You just choose the things you are interested in and read those topics. Lots of web-pages for more detailed knowledge.
044654759X|2.0|if you like n. sparks, you'll like this story.  it reminded me of his others, usually how i feel when i read any of them.  forever a great story teller, he knows how to pull you right in and get you to care about his characters.  i would just prefer if he didn't write about domestic violence.
B000E1YVZU|5.0|Great quality, not the bootleg stuff you sometimes get online, GREAT movie, clear image, good sound quality.  Just great.
B0017SWPXY|5.0|even if you're not a racing fan & don't get the racing references this is a must read if you are a dog lover. I recently lost my beloved dog and this book made me laugh as I read how we must seem at times. Enzo shares every joy, every trial, and always remains loyal. The ending is well just have the kleenex handy. You know from the start that Enzo is going to pass but the author handles it beautifully. This is a book I will probably read again & again.
B002G1YPH0|5.0|There have been CPU coolers released since the CoolerMaster Hyper212 Plus, but this is still the benchmark that aftermarket coolers are compared to.  Installation is quick - requiring access to the back of your motherboard of course - and cooling is far superior to the stock cooler that you get with your CPU.  If you've got any experience installing parts on your computer, I can't recommend it enough.  As a follow up - I'm still using this thing, now on a Core i5 2500K.  I added a fan, and at standard clocking I max out at 50C under sustained maximum load (folding at home for hours on end) in a warm room.  If I overclock, temps do go up, but I don't have any reason to OC.  Still a great solution, but probably worth looking elsewhere if you're going for Core series CPUs or equivalent in AMD.
B002ZG99A4|5.0|Both my husband and I really enjoyed this movie. It was filled with top actors and very action packed with a twist of love.
B000FTWB7G|5.0|I love this band and all of their songs. This album did not dissapoint!! Plus packaging went well and my CD came in just fine.
1428144552|5.0|I love this CD.  It was a first for me to purchase or listen to an audio book.  Can't believe I waited so long to try it.  I have been able to listen to The Secret over and over while driving to work errand, whatever.  I can continuously reinforce the lessons both consciencly and unconsciencly.  An added perk - my 14 year old daughter, who I never would have been able to get to sit down and watch the dvd, has without her realizing it, has begun to incorporate The Secret into her life.  She even catches and corrects me if I so much as remotely mention anything that I \\"don't\\" want and she reminds me to speak of the things I \\"do\\" want instead.  She is SO wise and smart!  I am truly blessed and now I can't wait to go out and find more audio books.  I already have several in my Amazon cart now.  Don't ponder on it - just get it.  You won't be sorry!
B004BLJQOK|5.0|The failure of Let Me In at the box office just goes to show how this generation will waste money on silly Twilight movies and not see true vampire classics.  The story is one of romance, but a dark romance at that.  Gone are all the pretty immortals and the annoying defenseless human of Twilight, (btw I read all the books and saw the movies).  Back are the actual vampire rules (no daylight, no coming in uninvited, and only human blood). :-)    This movie doesn't have love at first sight either.  The story follows a young boy, Owen, who has been picked on, ignored, and become an emotional hermit. He feels truly alone in the world. When he first meets Abby, the vampire girl, there is no moment of love, only cold emotions. But as the pair continues to slowly interact, Owen realizes that Abby is as lonesome as he is and the fact that the only friends they have is each other makes them each stronger.  This friendship/childhood love makes the movie perfect. In the dark, gritty setting of the movie, there is not lust, but a pure childhood love.      All the while, Abby's \\"father\\" shows his affection for her by stalking and killing townspeople and draining their blood.  These acts lead to one of the most suspenseful scenes I have ever seen in a movie.  His character is one whom, even though you and I don't like murderer's, you sympathize with because of his love of Abby.    All in all, this movie took me by surprise.  Once the characters were introduced and the bone chilling suspense started, my heart was pounding during the last hour of the movie.  I'm an action/horror junkie by nature and this film has the best of both worlds.  I loved this movie and so will anyone who is okay with a little gore in their movies (this movie isn't the next SAW) . If you want the best horror/drama/vampire film of 2010, this movie belongs on your shelf
1599218011|5.0|Exuberance leaps off the pages of Kris Carr's latest book, \\"Crazy Sexy Diet.\\" It's an inspiring diet and lifestyle program that she developed to heal herself of a health imbalance. \\"Imbalance\\" is her elegantly understated way of referring to the nearly two dozen tumors that had developed in her liver and lungs. In facing this cancer, she determined that she would not engage in battle. Rather, she would embark upon the greatest adventure of her life. Such unabashed moxie is seldom seen, but in this book she puts it in the palm of your hands.    In the book's Foreword, Dr. Dean Ornish, (founder and president of the Preventive Medicine Research Institute and Clinical Professor of Medicine at the University of California-San Francisco) refers to Kris' approach as being based not on a fear of dying, but on the joy of living. She abundantly demonstrates that contagious spirit throughout the succeeding chapters.    She begins by giving us a vivid contrast. Prior to her diagnosis, she was a jet-setting starlet, eating to be thin, with a list of medicated and self-medicated symptoms and an atrocious yet mainstream convenience-based diet. Once diagnosed, however, she became a self-healing, reflective, iconoclastic \\"wellness warrior,\\" empowered by her own educated choices, realizing the strength that resides in a simple plant-based diet, nestled within a meditative and thankful lifestyle. As she states it, \\"[I traded] my fast-paced New York City party life for...a simple, nature-filled existence in Woodstock, New York. I exchanged road rage for prayer, fast food for fasting, swapped martinis for organic green drinks and a compassionate vegan diet.\\"    While not everyone can make a physical move as significant as Manhattan-to-Woodstock, each of us can improve other aspects of our lives, which is exactly what Kris demonstrates for us in \\"Crazy Sexy Diet.\\"    It's more than just diet, she is quick to tell us. It's about a fully-integrated and health-supporting lifestyle. Sustainable healthcare is comprised of yoga mats and meditation sessions, in addition to good food.    The book contains many testimonials, which reinforce Kris' approach to life. Each chapter contains a review section, which serves as a checklist to someone adopting her prescription. She has a significant posse of guest contributors, from medical doctors to Wayne Pacelle of the Humane Society of the US, from actress Emily Deschanel to Jivamukti Yoga co-founder Sharon Gannon. Her writing is irreverent and provocative, without sacrificing meaningful information. Not once does she commit the fatal flaw of preachiness.    This last point is important, for the changes she's suggesting are rather wholesale. It would be easy for a writer, having once healed herself, to become dogmatic or heavy-handed. Quite the contrary, she is candid about her own deviations, and encourages a compassionate application that considers not only our own flaws, but the feelings of others. Compassion is one of the key items in her diet, it seems.    In presenting us with the path she's taken, she reminds us that life is a creative endeavor. This is a very important lesson for us all, especially as we see the status quo crumbling before our eyes. It's time to do things differently.    Dr. Ornish states that \\"joy, pleasure, and freedom are sustainable.\\" Kris is a vibrant embodiment of these ideals, and thankfully she's provided a recipe everyone can follow.
0307272702|5.0|It's more or less a simplification and distillation of large parts of Taubes' previous book, Good Calories, Bad Calories.  He adds a little, including the results of some recent research, and repeats a few points in order to stress them.  He argues his case well: eating carbohydrates tends to be fattening, and eating lots of readily-digestible carbohydrates is especially fattening; saturated fats and animal fats are not bad for one's health, and so on.  He does a good job, but I fear that Taubes is not going to convince the die-hard believers in the USDA Food Pyramid, in the dangers of low-carbohydrate diets, in the dangers of tropical oils and animal fats.  I suspect that this book will be largely ignored, and that Taubes will never make it on to the popular television shows.  Oprah will ignore it.  Pity.
B0006IIPIK|5.0|Sky Captain is a great, campy nod to the great serials of the late 30s and 40s.  It's fun to return to those thrilling days.  Of course, one needs to put any skepticism on serious hold and just go with the flow.    As interesting is the special feature which shows how the movie was filmed almost entirely in blue screen.    A fun escape.
B0034G4P7Q|2.0|First of all let's put this movie into perspective and try to make sense of why everybody is saying this is Oscar material. It's GOT to be because the writing is witty and well thought out. That is it. It can't be for anything else. Impossible.<br /><br />Now, let's look at the negatives:<br /><br />1. The movie moved WAY too slow for as fast as everyone was talking. What was with the speed-talking anyway? Verbalizing words quickly and with arrogance does not make someone sound intelligent. It makes them sound more like they're begging for a big, fat knuckle sandwich.<br />2. Jesse Eisenberg is not a believable actor in portraying MZ. He comes off as too much of a narcissistic brat, one who knows much less than he thinks he knows.<br />3. And who is it that continually seems to think of Justin Timberlake as a credible actor? Every scene that this doofus is in is incredibly awkward.<br />4. The material is fictionalized non-fiction...that's an oxymoron...not cool.<br />5. Every single character, in one way or another, is a self-centered, arrogant, smart ass, which leaves no one to side with.<br />6. It was an extremely noisy movie, considering what it was supposed to be. Hey, man, this wasn't supposed to be \\"American Pie VI,\\" was it?<br />7. It's sad to know that Facebook was originated from the ashes of deceit, lies, betrayal, and an assinine college prank...all this by a self-centered jerk, who deserves not a penny of his riches. It almost makes me want to pull my Facebook page down indefinitely.<br /><br />The movie was okay, not great, but okay, and it was definitely not what the major populace would have you believe it is. It's just not that good. Watch and see my \\"Was this review helpful?\\" button rating go to pot, when all in all, I am being extremely honest and completely helpful. The kind of people who vote down helpful reviews are the kind of people who find this movie to be good. It seems that the majority these people, who claim to like this drivel, must be the types who have to do what everybody else does...they are the followers. C'mon, folks, be realistic. Was this yawn-fest really that good to you, when exceptional movies like the \\"Lord Of The Rings\\" trilogy, \\"Citizen Kane,\\" \\"Inception,\\" \\"Casablanca,\\" \\"Forrest Gump,\\" and \\"The Godfather 1 & 2\\" are out there?oes...they are the followers. C'mon, folks, be realistic. Was this yawn-fest really that good to you, when exceptional movies like the \\"Lord Of The Rings\\" trilogy, \\"Citizen Kane,\\" \\"Inception,\\" \\"Casablanca,\\" \\"Forrest Gump,\\" and \\"The Godfather 1 & 2\\" are out there?
B003QCCS36|4.0|This album is not my favorite of Lamontagne's, but is a pleasure to listen to. The folk country style seems to be found off and on in songs on all album's. This is the first where all the songs have a uniform sound. If you like Ray LaMontange's music you will like the album.
B002ZG974M|5.0|I like the way they compare growing up in 4 different cultures.  The baby in Japan and the one in San Francisco had a lot in common.
B0048IMZMG|5.0|Taylor Swift does not disappoint in this wondrous album. Once I started listening to it I couldn't stop. No album has spoken to me and drawn me in as much as this one has in the last 10 years. The song about John Mayer \\"Dear John\\" is fantastic as is her apology song to Taylor Lautner \\"Back to December\\" is also fantastic. The song Enchanted is very slow and a beautiful compellation. I think this is her best album yet! This album does not disappoint!
0061537969|5.0|Like many of the other reviewers, I was first attracted to this book by its cover. Opened it up and the first few pages seemed well written, easy to read. Then I got into it.    Again, like others here, I will never forget taking my best friend Copper on the \\"one-way trip\\" to the vet.     I have absolutely no doubt that he knew exactly where he was going - and why, yet he went willingly, seemingly knowing how much it was hurting us, his family, to see him having to continue so old, and sick, and unable to run or even be comfortable. It was his time and he knew it.     When the life left him in the doctor's office, he relaxed so completely and a smile came back to his face as his soul left him.     I knew he was free again. It was an incredibly magic moment - horribly sad, but incredibly uplifting and Garth Stein nails it absolutely.    In this book he touches many many issues about life and about people - both human and canine, but above all he nails the incredible bond between Denny and Enzo - a bond that holds fast through all the horrible adversities that hit their family, and how Enzo finds his way to contribute in spite of being a mutt with bad hips, a rough tongue and no thumbs, a bond that passes on to a new life beyond where the dreams of one life really may be realised.     The Art of Racing in the Rain is a superb read, follow your eyes and you will not go wrong.
6303109950|1.0|I ordered a DVD and they sent me a VHS.  I am not a happy customer. Who would order a VHS in this day and age?
B002PEP4SC|5.0|I love the show \\"Castle\\" so I thought I would give this a try. It was far better than I expected.  The writing is very good! I like an author who can create imagery without getting too graphic. The characters were developed as much as they needed to be to move along in the storyline.  Would really love to see more Nikki Heat novels! Whoever this ghostwriter is (pretending to be Richard Castle) has entertained me very well!
B001HPP2XW|5.0|This was a great movie!  Truly a classic.  It was shipped promptly and I had absolutely no problems with this order.
0060922583|5.0|The book proves in a sense that we are living in a holographic universe...in other words..its says that the world is just another dream. This is what the vedas had said all along..check my blog[...]
B000JBWWRY|1.0|I never got the peter pan walt disney dvd.  I want to get my money back or get the product.
0891419063|5.0|I first learned about E.B. Sledge, nicknamed Sledgehammer, from the book, The Pacific, and the HBO miniseries of the same name. For years I've had an unexplainable interest in everything military and particularly WW2. I've watched innumerable movies, documentaries, history channel episodes and such, but not until I read this book did I realize that I never understood what our infantry men had to endure during WW2. Sledgehammer writes prose that is straight forward and easy to read. You quickly find yourself seeing everything vividly as he experienced it. I should warn you that this book is not for the faint at heart. It is an honest first hand account that describes in vivid detail many horrors of war - but if you want to understand what it was like to serve in an infantry unit as Sledgehammer did during some of the most brutal Pacific campaigns of WW2, this book is a must read.
B004CLYKLI|5.0|I just finished reading this book last night. I got it on my Kindle shortly after reading the review in the WSJ.   It is engaging and easy to read. I highly recommend it!     The direct nature of the book puts many Americans on the defensive; then they are not open to underlying main points.   Many Americans take the easy way out on so many things. With their kids, this means plugging the kids into videos and pawning them off on other kids rather than spending time with them. Many Americans also look quickly to shift the blame when things go wrong. With their kids, who certainly must be princes and princesses, accountability is shifted to others as well.     Imagine having a parent so dedicated to you; that they spend much of their free time ensuring you succeed!   Imagine this parent also understands the importance of personal accountability, responsibility, and self-discipline; and they must ensure you understand, as an integral part of your growth and success. This parent believes in you enough that they do not accept anything less than your best! What dedication!     The main points I found in the book:   1.) Spending time with your children is critical for their success: lots of time!   2.) Having the dedication, patience, and persistence to ensure they develop self-discipline and a solid foundation to achieve anything they want is critical for not only current success, but future success.   3.) Most children and people want to do things that are fun. Things that are fun are most often those that are easy or already known. Things that are easy for us are often not the things we excel in. If it is easy, it does not require or encourage the dedication required to be great. It would be ideal, if each child could pick what they wanted. But how many children really know what they want? (heck, how many adults? How many people do 20 years in a career and wonder how they really got / or wound up there?)           - so with the wisdom of adulthood a parent picks a taskfor a child and pushes them to succeed. Along, the way the child learns: self-discipline, persistence, personal accountability, and all the fundamentals of creating their success.           - this critical lifelong skill is then carried with them into adulthood, where they are free to choose their own paths.           - in the book, Lulu finally rebels against so much violin and pursues her own interest tennis. As we read, we find out how she is able to so rapidly excel in a new activity; by using those very skills (recipe for success) that was ingrained through all the years of violin, and the attitudes ingrained while pursuing every life activity!     To get the  most out of this book: you must go in with an open mind, do not take anything as a personal attack, take in the underlying points. In addition, enjoy it for a good story about a woman who is a full time professional and is dedicated to ensuring her daughters become the best they can be.
B0042VJ1PI|5.0|I love the show \\"Castle\\" so I thought I would read \\"Heat Wave\\" first. It was far better than I expected. The writing is very good! This second novel does not disappoint either. It is an easy read and I enjoyed how the writer started to develop more of the characters. Whoever this ghostwriter is (pretending to be Richard Castle) is doing his/her job of entertaining!
B003G4W49C|3.0|Ender's Game is a classic science fiction novel by Orson Scott Card (if you have not heard of him, welcome to science fiction, and don't worry you will have many more books to choose from in a couple of years, once you get to fourth grade and your mom allows you to pick your own books to read). This is the first in a series of books in the same universe that Card has created over the years, and was originally published in 1985. It has held up much better than my now defunct microwave, which was created the same year, and will soon need to be laid to rest. In fact, the version I read was the reprint from 1991 that included an introduction by Card, attesting to the lasting quality of this story. I have often heard about this book, but have never actually picked it up, and I thought it was high time.<br /><br />Card is very imaginative in his world creation, using the familiarity of Earth as a foundation to bring in identification by the reader, with enough imaginative novelty to intensify the curiosity of the reader. One can easily imagine this as Earth's future, or possibly an alternate universe of our Earth. In this universe, technology has advanced and the human race has been previously attacked from space by the buggers, an insect-like race bent toward the obliteration of humanity. Previous attempts to communicate with the buggers have been met with silence, and only the fortunate happenstance of a brilliant war strategist appearing at the right moment saved the human race from complete annihilation during the previous bugger wars. The Earth has created an international stellar armed force that has both the ultimate authority, and the ultimate responsibility of saving mankind.<br /><br />Ender is born with the genetic predisposition to be a genius. He is a Third, a third child allowed to be born where all families are limited by diktat to only two children. He is allowed to be born with the hope that he will be the last great hope of humanity, a brilliant strategist and military commander, able to defeat the buggers in the next anticipated invasion. The story is viewed in the third person, mostly through Ender's perspective, with some exceptions that play a prominent role in revealing important plot developments.<br /><br />On the whole, the plot works well. We begin with Ender as a six-year-old, and watch him develop and grow as a warrior and a leader. We bear witness as he learns about himself and those around him. As the novel progresses, there are surprising plot twists and developments that ultimately add to the excitement, because as clever of a reader as we might be, there are cards that Card has held up his sleeve, to reveal only in due course. (Yes, I realize the that was pun that is groan worthy, but admit it, you laughed a little. Besides, I first buttered you up by calling you clever, didn't I?)<br /><br />One bit of contention that I had that was a large factor for me, was that Card did not demonstrate even an inkling of understanding about children and their development. I realize that the book was supposed to highlight the contrast between Ender being a child, and the adult-like expectations, the very continued existence of humanity that was placed on his little shoulders. I know that some will argue that this was a useful tool in illustration of Ender's predicament. To be able to demonstrate how insane it was to have a child placed in such an adult position having to deal with war and death. However, every child, no matter how much of a genius they are, is going to act like a child much of the time. There are things that are going to be beyond their understanding, because there are aspects of the adult world that just are not understandable by kids. In sum, children, even genius humanity-saving wonder children, are still children and would still develop in the same way children do. In this case, I was never able to see Ender or his compatriots as actual children. They were instead little adults. This really detracted from the story for me, because I was never able to fully buy into the story of a child being thrust into adult responsibilities, because neither Ender nor the other \\"children\\" in the story were actually believable as children. I know that Card has other stories with young protagonists, so I am not sure if he is an author (like many) that cannot write children at all, or if this was just an early novel that he has since learned from, or if he just thought the story really needed an adult-like child to point out some of the atrocities of war. I look forward to reading some of his other books to gain some insight.<br /><br />In the end, I was still able to still enjoy many of the elements of the story and Card's creative world, so I would still recommend reading it. If you can do as I have done, and separate out the enjoyable elements of the book, and still enjoy them even though it is a book about children with no children in it, then you will likely have a good time.
B002VPE1B6|5.0|I bought Avatar two disk DVD, I had all kinds of problem.  Watching the movie the flick would get stuck or would stay in the still mode.  I tried in my DVD players would get in the Still mode.  Tryed in the Blu-Ray DVD Player same thing.  I share with Wal-Mart employee, They reconmend for me to bring back and try another DVD.  I did just that!!!!!  I plaayed the DVD in all of my Players the DVD worked perfect no Still mode or did the DVD frame got stuck!!!!!  The Avatar DVD is in two diffrent  version Disk1 & Disk2.  The Blu-ray version is on one Disk.  Hope this helps !!!!!!!
0618918248|3.0|I have so many good things to say about the God Delusion, and so many bad things to say about it. Openly being an atheist in Utah county (at least 90% Mormon) can be very difficult, especially when you are trying to reason with people who won't look at reason. I was excited about the God Delusion for a number of reasons. Most of the reviews I read were overwhelmingly positive, and I was excited to have more logical and scientific arguments against God. Not to change anyone's mind or debunk peoples beliefs, but to have healthy and constructive arguments with people.  The good: The scientific sections of The God Delusion are great. Dawkins clearly lays down points about things such as irreducible complexity, memes, etc. (If you don't have decent knowledge of biology, some of these parts may be confusing. You don't have to be an expert, but you need to know your basics.) Dawkins also makes some great messages; stressing that while there may be children with religious parents, there is no such thing as a religious child. They have not yet reached an age where they can make decisions for themselves, and you should not try to force anything on them.  He also brings out some good points about the negative psychology that religion can often bring (I had not heart about &#34;hell houses,&#34; which some Catholic parents take their twelve year old children (!) into. In these, people act out &#34;sins&#34; such as homosexuality and abortion, and are then shown burning in a sulfur-smelling hell presided over by a man in a devil costume.  The bad: Dawkins can be SO repetitive. As I previously mentioned, Dawkins makes a great point about there being no such thing as religious children. This really is a great point, which some reason makes Dawkins believe that he has to remind you of it several dozen times throughout this lengthy book. This is the most noticeably repetitive thing, but there are plenty others.  I also believe Dawkins didn't focus enough of this book on scientific arguments. Or, to be more accurate, I believe he spends too much time talking about the evils of religion throughout history. I was glad that he mentioned some previously unheard of things for me (Hell Houses) but, the last hundred pages are so are completely dedicated to bringing up the horrors of religion, and these just aren't Dawkin's specialty. The horrors of religion should be left to Hitchens, and Dawkins should take charge of the science.  All things considered, I was glad I read this book. There are points of it I will read again, mainly the early scientific sections. However, on re-reading, I will skip the last hundred or so pages. There is very little new here, and almost nothing that has not been done better by Hitchens. Granted, this book came out before God Is Not Great, but I still believe Hitchen's descriptions of religious craze are better.
0689870272|5.0|Sandra Boynton's books are wonderful for both children and adults.  Moo, Baa, La La La! is fun even after the 20th bedtime story reading.  I definitely recommend this book for your favorite little one.
030746363X|5.0|I pre-ordered The 4 hour body from Amazon and read the information on losing fat.  It was less than 100 pages of information but in my estimation it is the most powerful 100 pages I have ever read.  I have lost about a pound per day since I read the book and implemented it's principals.  I am about to start the next phase of my weight loss by implementing the kettle bell swing and the thermodynamic tricks talked about in the book.  I am on pace to be 55 lbs lighter in only 60 days thanks to this book.  The concepts are so easy to implement especially the cheat day (I usually consume a whole pizza and a half container of ice cream for dinner on this day among other indulgences) and I still lose weight.  Thank you Tim for writing this book.
B004CEUEWE|5.0|I rented this movie because it was only $.99 to rent. I loved this movie! I won't give a full review because many others have done a really good job at that. I really liked it and feel like I got a bargain watching it for less, thank you Amazon!
B0002OXVDW|5.0|I bought this boxset as a gift for the elderly couple I work with and I have to say it was sooooo thoroughly enjoyed by them.   They happily sang along and spoke aloud reminiscing right along with what was unfolding.  I as a forty-something enjoyed it as well.  It is a wonderful showcase of all the greats and their amazing talents.   Difficult not to feel happy and cheery while enjoying.
B004ECFW94|3.0|A .400 batting average would be great in baseball, but it's disappointing for the Met.  Only 2 0f the 5 principal singers reach base in this performance.  The amazing Placido Domingo, at the age of 69, sings with undiminished brilliance & intensity, albeit not as a tenor, but in the baritone title role.  Also outstanding, both vocally & dramatically, is Stephen Gaertner as Paolo.<br /><br />But Adrianne Pieczonka shouts her way throughout, often off-pitch, with nary a hint of musical or dramatic nuance; Marcello Giordani often seems unsure of himself & tends to bleat; James Morris's once-magisterial voice sounds tired & threadbare, & he struggles, with difficulty, to get through his great aria, \\"Il lacerato spirito.\\"<br /><br />However, James Levine & his magnificent orchestra are, quite simply, magnificent, driving the score with precision, pulse & unflagging energy.  The costumes & sets are as sumptuous as the orchestral sound, down to the tiniest details of embroidery & furniture ornamentation.<br /><br />The Met can still, on occasion (sadly, with increasing infrequency), mount a visually resplendent, \\"traditional\\" production.  It certainly does so here.
B002MQYOFW|5.0|I bought this book for my Kindle with a gift card I got to Amazon since it was only $5 and I'd heard so much about it. I'm glad that I decided to buy it. I was instantly hooked into this plot. It's like passing by the scene of an accident, as disturbing as it is, once you're sucked in, that's it. You have to keep watching to see what happens.<br /><br />For the first time in a very long time, I was actually mad when I reached the end of the book -- I wanted to know what happened next and I wanted to know now. To me, that signals a compelling book, when you just HAVE to get the next one to see what happens next. I have to say, I wasn't disappointed with the next two either!
B003H6KRIE|5.0|I always love the Bourne movies, but found the picture quality lacking on my LED HD TV. After receiving the Bourne Trilogy in blueray format, the picture is awesome! Amazon delivered the box ahead of schedule and perfect condition.
B0042RJWTC|5.0|This is a great series - not necessarily the most historically accurate, but it certainly brings the time to life.
B001U6YI92|5.0|I have just finally finished watching the movie and I would have to say this on the list of my most favorite movies.  There is only one negative that I can see and I don't know if its only my disc.  There are a lot of times with the Blu-Ray when I'm watching it seems that the actors mouths don't match up with what they are saying.  But other than that I'm really happy with the purchase and for $10 for both the Blu-Ray and DVD was well worth it.
B00136LW16|4.0|I like this album a lot, but I'm no expert in jazz so you'd be better off reading other reviews.    However, I wanted to point out that since there are only 8 songs at 99 cents each, you can get this album for only $7.92 if you buy each song individually, rather than clicking the buy album button. That's just over $2 cheaper than the normal $9.99 album price. Enjoy!
B002MQYOFW|5.0|i love this book more than anything. i have read it five times. if you want a book you will love more than life read the hunger games. it has adventure murder anarchy thrill desperation love and hatred
B002UXRGM0|5.0|I went along with every other reviews suggestions and ordered the one narrated by David Attenborough and I am so glad I did. Its an awesome DVD, and the narrations are great. Love the DVD, definitely suggest it.
B001UV4XFG|5.0|I already saw this in the movie theatre, as well as all the other Twilight movies, and love them all! Will probably buy the rest of the movies when they come out on DVD to finish out the collection. Well worth seeing.
0143116177|5.0|The Ascent of Money was not at all what I expected. I was hoping that this book would be about the how money has evolved over world history. It isn't and I was disappointed. Fergurson focuses mainly on developments in Western Europe and the US in the last few hundred years.    Then, as I read further, I came to the realisation that this right. Over the past few hundred years it was Europe that invented the modern fiscal systems of banks, money lending, bond markets, share markets, insurance, and so on. Before that money was just a commodity used for barter.    But then I came to a greater realisation - something I suspect few people realise - that finance is the invisible but powerful force that guides the fates of economies. Finance is critical to understanding the fates of nations.    For example, the Ascent of Money gives insight into how Britain and Holland largely beat Spain and Portugal as empires by winning the finance arms race. Britain and Holland developed bond markets while the Spanish and Portuguese continued to believe that silver was money. It details how the Rothschild banking family controlled to finances of Europe in the 19th century to the extent that they decided who made war.    Fergurson also gives many examples of how fiscal systems have failed in the past. It struck me here is how much there is to learn from fiscal history. Yet we forget these lessons causing ourselves great harm in the process. We need only look to the global financial crisis to understand this.    So I am glad that this book was not what I expected. It has opened up a part of the world I barely knew existed.
0156029065|3.0|I think I prefer mr. Eco's essays, they are very powerful and funny. But first chapter of Baudolino is killing, I laugh and laugh and it's really great to have many mistakes in Baudolino's handwriting, I must confess that I hope that all chapters are written that way, but I guess in this book all charactrer in this book are too 'semiotics'...
0810997827|5.0|I purchased these for my grandson, Cameron, for Christmas because he just started middle school and I thought he would get a kick out of them.  He loves to read and he is an A/B honor student in advanced classes.  I found my other grandson, Ethan, who is in third grade, sitting on a chair reading the first book. So if the 11 year old doesn't read them, I'm sure the 8 year old will.
B001HPP2XW|5.0|I received the DVD in the mail in perfect condition. Not one problem! The service was fantastic and it came within the shipping dates. And of course the movie was phenomenal. :)    [[ASIN:B001HPP2XW Breakfast At Tiffany's - Paramount Centennial Collection (Mastered in High Definition)]]
B001EN71DQ|5.0|My husband and I got this for our son, who is 9 and totally into Star Wars, but had never seen any of the \\"live\\" movies... I kid you not he spent the whole 2 days after Christmas with a portable DVD and watched every single one of them!!
B003E6K1VK|5.0|It is quite clear the people that made bad reviews did not know how to use this DAC.    I love this thing
1569242739|5.0|Every recipe in this book has been amazing! Vegan can taste like the real thing! Try this book to show others through delicious food that vegans rock!!!
0553584537|5.0|Picked up this book because a local book club was reading it.  Have to say, was very pleasantly surprised by an excellent story with very interesting, engaging characters.  I really do like Bobby Dodge, the perfect cop who is not the perfect man but stil tries.  Can't wait to ready other Gardner novels.
B002VKE0XA|5.0|This movie is fantastic, scared me half to death.  I'm a big fan of these types of films, with the realistic tone to it.  I would recommend this for anyone that wants a decent scare.  The best atmosphere to set up for yourself is be alone or with someone, watch it at night in the dark.  Very creepy!
B0015DROBO|4.0|When I first began reading this book, I thought, how is this book so popular? I will never be able to finish it. BORING! However, by the time I got about 50 pages into it, I was hooked. I absolutely could not put it down, and stayed up all night reading it. I was obsessed with finding out exactly what happened to the young girl, and who murdered her.  It was all I could think about when I stopped reading it...so I would just start reading again. I was confused and could not follow alot of the financial and government aspects that were mentioned in the book. However, I ended up loving and would recommend it for anyone..even if you have to force yourself through the beginning of it.
B001FB4VXU|5.0|Well worth the money spent, my husband and I can't get enough of this show. Its so funny!! The timeliness of this shipment coming in was perfect. Amazon is the BEST!
0385523912|5.0|This book blew me away. Is it really possible that a country like this exists on the planet... in my lifetime? A very well-written book with great source material of North Korean defectors, that tells the unbelievable story of life in North Korea. Worth every minute you will put into it.
B004CLYKLI|5.0|A friend of mine posted the WSJ article's link in facebook. I read that article and was determined right away that I needed to read the whole book.     Many people disagree with Amy's way of raising her kids and give low rating for this book. I don't agree with her way either, but I know that this book is not a guide to raise a child. (If it is, then it deserves the low rating.)     This book is telling Amy's story about the strict \\"Chinese\\" way she raised her daughters and how it finally turned out. She just wanted to share the good and bad times she went through while raising her daughters this way.
0743437497|5.0|The Shining is probably one of King's most well-known novels. It was made into a film by Stanley Kubrick, and subsequently a re-make, but the novel itself is a great read. Just an added tidbit is that I heard he got the idea for the title of the book from the lyrics in John Lennon's song Instant Karma. The book is a must read. 5 stars plus.
B000MR9D5E|5.0|For nature buffs and casual watchers, Planet Earth is sure to please.  Amazing footage, narration, and entertainment it is sure to please all.  A must have for every household.  Don't get the copies, get this original! David Attenborough as narrator is unbeatable.
B00436GNVC|1.0|i was in italy and heard this song (WELL WELL WELL....) on the radio...A LOT!   so when i came home, since it became our theme song, i looked it up.   GREAT!  i found it.    i bought the cd for the ONE song but i can't get past the rest of the songs.   sorry duffy!   i am not sure how she made it into the business but good for her.  it just may not be my style of music.    her voice is grating and a bit whinny BUT then again that just may be the style of music.  this is just an opinion.   i am giving this cd a one just for the \\"theme\\" song.  otherwise...1) i would not of bought it, 2) and i had to rate it (or i could not post the review).
1400052173|5.0|There is a reason why this book is a New York Times Bestseller.  The story, the history and the science melded by the author's writing prowess is marvelous and worthy of the acclaim.<br /><br />I, too, was one of the many who had never heard of Henrietta Lacks.  Once I was made aware of the popular book I quickly purchased it and began the journey of discovery.  Henrietta Lacks was a 31 yr. old tobacco farmer from Virginia who was admitted into John Hopkins Hospital with cervical cancer.  Unbeknownst to Henrietta, some of her cancerous cells were removed and sent to the research lab.  As it turns out, Henrietta's cells never stopped growing.  It was an astonishing breakthrough in cell research because now scientists have an endless supply of cancerous cells to conduct research and tests.  Although Henrietta died not long after being admitted, her cells, HeLa (the first two letters of her first and last name) continue to grow to this day.<br /><br />Along the way, we meet the doctors, scientists and researchers who knowingly or unwittingly participated in cultivating HeLa into a multimillion dollar industry.  Most of the major strides in cancer research and treatment as well as the Polio vaccine, DNA and genome research can all be traced back to HeLa cells.<br /><br />Through Skloot's own personal story we learn of Henrietta's family and what they had to endure after learning of the existence of Henrietta's cells after 20 years of being kept in the dark.<br /><br />The fact that Rebecca Skloot dedicated 10 years of her life to research and write about Henrietta Lacks, HeLa cells and the Lacks family, should be an indication of just how powerful this story is.  It is one of the best books I've read in a while.  I highly recommend.
B0041KKYEM|5.0|this movie makes me think why dopeople create an alter ego of them selves the white swan had a evil twinthe black swan which reminds me of beyonce and sasha fierce this movie speaks to me on different levels it also teaches you how shady the buisness is how someone can mold you to be some one else and at the end not know yourself people have to goto a dark place to make or give good performance just like how rihanna first steped on the scene as the island girl {little miss sunshine} and then she started to become this dark person from albums like rated r and good girl gone bad like a transformation to change who you are to fit it with the buisness. great movie
B001E9641K|5.0|Another great version of a really fun series. Makes for a quick and fun game to play when you only have 2-3 people.
B0006SSOHC|5.0|I didn't hear anything about the Saw Series, until the 1st installment was released on DVD. I rented it, loved it so much that I bought it and never looked back. I went to the theatre to see the later releases each year.     Saw I is a different twist to the horror genre. The killer isn't actually the killer.
0312243022|4.0|Michael Cunningham uses The Hours to demonstrate the wide significance of Mrs. Dalloway and its relationship with three very different women. We begin with what seem like three entirely separate stories set in 1941, 1949, and the late 1900s. The main characters of the stories of these times are, respectively, Virginia Woolf, an author struggling to write Mrs. Dalloway; Laura Brown, a housewife; and Clarissa, the friend of a dying writer.    (WARNING: SPOILERS in this paragraph.) For the Cunningham's Virignia Woolf, Mrs. Dalloway is a manifestation of her own insecurities and a foreshadowing of her end. For example, Woolf is insecure about her ability to manage a household: She feels as if she is always sneaking around behind her servant's back and asks herself why she cannot \\"command [her servant's] respect and love,\\" so she decides to make Clarissa Dalloway the opposite of herself in this respect (Page 87). Clarissa will be imbued with great skill with her servants.  Woolf is also forever dissatisfied with her own writing:  \\"One always has a better book in one's mind than one can manage to get onto paper,\\" she thinks, and this self-critical perfectionism contributes to her mental illness (69): She is always waiting for frightening headaches, which coincide with periods of extreme mental instability and the hearing of imaginary voices, to descend upon her. Her illness perhaps appears in Mrs. Dalloway as the illness of Septimus Smith, the mad visionary who, like Woolf when she is ill, is trapped in his own world. Like Cunningham's Woolf, Smith commits suicide.    (WARNING: SPOILERS in this paragraph.) While Mrs. Dalloway is a vehicle for Virginia Woolf to muse on her shortcomings with servants and her mental illness, for Laura Brown Mrs. Dalloway is a parallel to Laura's own life. Brown is an unremarkable woman who had the apparent good fortune of being proposed to by a capable, handsome young man in her community. She is pregnant with their second child, but she admits to feeling \\"unmoored\\" when she is alone with her son, as if she's simply forgotten how to be a mother in those moments (47). Her insecurities echo Woolf's Clarissa's insecurity about her decision to enter into a respectable, unremarkable marriage. But Brown, like Woolf's party-planning Clarissa, is planning something: Brown is making a birthday cake for her husband. Like Woolf's Clarissa, Brown worries at one point that her plan is failing before realizing that everything will be alright after all: Just as the party will go on because Ralph Lyon has beat back the curtain, a new cake can be made. Like Clarissa stepping away from her party to think about Septimus, Laura steps away from her cake to read the passage of Mrs. Dalloway in which Clarissa muses on Septimus's death. As it is for Woolf's Clarissa, Laura's stepping away is a revelatory experience because she realizes on her excursion that she \\"loves life...loves it hopelessly, at least at certain moments\\" (152). Though she feels consoled to know that she can choose to die, she will not die like Septimus.    (WARNING: SPOILERS in this paragraph.) As for Cunningham's Clarissa, although she does not come into direct contact with Mrs. Dalloway aside from being nicknamed \\"Mrs. D\\" and knowing the son of Laura Brown, reader of Mrs. Dalloway, Cunningham's Clarissa is revealed to be a modern version of the original Mrs. Dalloway. She faces the same questions and people as the original woman, but in a different time. For example, she questions the worth of her life, but instead of questioning herself as she mends a dress, she questions herself as she passes by a movie star's trailer, musing that though she will die and be forgotten, Meryl Streep or Susan Sarandon will survive as influences on popular culture. In a way, Woolf's Clarissa and Cunningham's Clarissa know the same people, but these people are updated in Cunningham's book: Peter Walsh, the critical friend and former romantic interest, for example, becomes the man named Richard, dying of a modern disease, AIDS, in Cunningham's book. Doris Kilman, the German woman who spends too much time (for Clarissa's taste) around her daughter Elizabeth, becomes Mary Krull, the too-radical feminist who spends too much time around Clarissa's daughter Julia.    Stylistically, The Hours is much more accessible than Mrs. Dalloway. Cunningham does not attempt to mimic Woolf's long, sometimes meandering (albeit pleasantly rhythmic) sentences, so his novel is considerably easier to read. He also abandons Woolf's use of free indirect discourse: His chapters are clearly labeled \\"Mrs. Woolf,\\" \\"Mrs. Brown,\\" or \\"Mrs. Dalloway,\\" at the top of each page. Occasionally, he changes viewpoints (to Mary Krull, for example) but he indicates these changes clearly (\\"Fool, Mary thinks\\") so there is no room for confusion (160).     The only irritating aspect of The Hours remains Cunningham's resolute refusal to expound on why \\"[a]t this moment, it is enough\\" (185). Readers are never given a complete explanation as to why exactly Woolf's Clarissa, Cunningham's Clarissa, and Laura Brown find their unexceptional lives worth living when the most remarkable of them all, Virginia Woolf herself, chooses to die. Are we just to accept the simplistic and coldly scientific explanation of Virginia being mentally ill? This missing explanation is the sole flaw of a book that otherwise provides an interesting perspective on the uncontrollable, potentially disappointing nature of creativity and the timeless relevancy of Mrs. Dalloway. It is a worthy tribute to the still very alive genius of Virginia Woolf.
B001GKJ2DO|5.0|I loved this movie, and have seen it a couple times,  all the actors were fantastic and the ending was hysterical I liked the fact they spoke to the audience  GREAT
B00005B1W7|5.0|A superb adaptation of Uris' novel. In his first important role, Anthony Hopkins is nothing short of electrifying in the trial scenes.
B001P06GX4|5.0|This game is great! It can be played by 2 to 4 people but it's definitely better and more fun to have 4 people playing it. It takes around 15 to 25 minutes to complete a game. Even though it doesn't seem like it at first, the more you play it, the more you'll notice how it stimulates everyone to think harder and come up with different strategies in order to win which can make it really challenging regardless of the age of the players.     Overall it's a great game which can provide quick fun and distraction if you have limited time, or that can entertain you for long periods of time as well.    Do be careful though if you have small children or pets around, as the game contains very small pieces that can be easily swallowed.
1402760663|5.0|An excellent (and classic) book at a very good price. The photographs, etc. really bring the story to life. If you are interested in the history of the American Indian, this book is highly recommended.
B003TSEL7S|3.0|Not as well wrote as the lightning theif series, or the red pyramid books. It was well writen but had some kinks and to me he rushed to get it published.
B0002F6AH0|5.0|I have seen many WWII documentaries, but as a historian, I cannot think of a better one. Olivier narrates it with an even voice, no inflection, which makes it all the more chilling. Not to be missed by WWII fans.
B003DZX3SA|5.0|One of my favorite movies ever from childhood, and I still love it just as much today. It's my favorite Disney movie because I always felt that Belle was the \\"smartest\\" of all the Disney princesses and also because like her, I am a total bookworm =) Amazing movie, get it for your kids, get it for yourself!
B002ZCY7PU|5.0|I had a real tough time getting through Season 3 when it was broadcast, but watching without commercial interruption really upped the appreciation level of this show.  Although I do agree somewhat with previously written reviews regarding the characters of Captain Awesome and Ellie, the growth in Chuck and Sarah's story lines was a ray of hope that Season 4 will finally be a complete season for all characters involved. I think that the continuing of story lines from one show to the next is wearing this show out and taking it's toll on the writing.
B003WTE886|3.0|I really love how Taylor has manged to maintain a classy image yet be so very successful so quickly.  Although she has a beautiful voice,  she needs to change it up more so the songs are not quite a single.  She is very talented but she needs to offer more variety both in her tone and lyrics.
B0032Y8XH8|4.0|This is my favorite CD for just relaxing and enjoying nice music.  I like it better than listening to the radio where there are alernating songs you love then hate.  They are amazing. If you saw them on TV or have or the internet and thought those songs were good, well the CD is even better because the rest of the CD is that good. Man, I can't wait to see these guys live. I hope this group makes it big in the US, they are that good. Purchase this CD! This CD is that good. The music will make you clap and hop and the lyrics are emotional. Many of the songs reach a my true emotion. I can not think of a CD in the last 7 years that I liked this many songs on and listen to so many times in a month.
B001KVZ6G6|4.0|Perfect entertainment for young and old to watch together.  My grandson watched and I laughed the whole way through.  I still smile hear someone say \\"Squirrel!\\"
B002WIDRM6|5.0|This CD is so worth the price just for \\"Hello World\\" which is just a simply gorgeous wonderful fantastic song!!!!  The entire CD is very good but this one song makes it outstanding!!!!! I can listen to this song over and over again all day long and it just keeps getting better.  This song will be played at my funeral.
B00005JO20|2.0|That sums it up. Instead of a big green guy, you have a giant ape. Endless fight scenes and none of them even close to being physically possible. The computer animation was probably done by bunch of young guys who grew up playing video games, don't even drive cars and know very little of how objects move in the real physical world or simply don't care because they want it to be as exciting as the video game worlds they grew up in. In the old days, they made over-the-top musicals and these days it's over-the-top animation. Also, the CGI just doesn't look real (it never does) but the whole thing is processed in a kind of drab blueish hue to try and meld reality with the CGI world and it just looks murky to me. Honestly, if you find movies like the Hulk basically stupid, you will be disappointed.
B003FVI2KQ|5.0|Installed with an H70 in a HAF 932 to get 36 load temp 27 idle. Upgraded from an intel core 2 duo and the difference is AMAZING. I can open as much as I want and I have yet to see it hang up on me.
B002HFJ77S|5.0|This was a very nice change from Sophie Kinsella's shopaholic books.  I loved the humor and the heartfelt combination.  I hope to see another &#34;ghost story&#34; from her soon.
B003VS0CX8|5.0|I've seen a lot of great Blu-Ray discs, but the Sound Of Music tops them all! The picture quality and sound are so fantastic, it's like seeing it as a brand new 2011 film in the movie theater. It's hard to believe this film was made in 1964! It's that good!    On top of that, there are literally hours of bonus features to keep you busy for a long, long time!    Fox Home Video should be exremely proud of the work they have done here. Blu-Ray was made for movies like this!
0896898288|5.0|I ordered this book as a Christmas gift for my daughter. It arrived in record time and in great condition. My daughter was thrilled as the book was not on her wish list. I can't wait to borrow this book and read it myself.  The personal note from the seller on the packing slip was a nice touch.
030746363X|5.0|Everything you've always wanted to know about fixing your body. Getting more muscular and/or losing weight are the key focus, but other issues are addressed as well. The author uses science and experiment (on himself mostly) to create shortcuts and easy to follow routines to help you fix whatever needs fixing. For many readers the weight loss techniques will prove to be invaluable. This is my new go-to book...
0143118420|4.0|I didn't exactly choose this book. It chose me. More accurately, two good friends of mine insisted that I read this book. I had actually chosen not to read this book, because of what I expected this book to be. Which brings me to my second reason. This book is both what I expected it to be, and more. In a way, it's less than I expected, but in a way that only improves it.<br /><br />I expected it to be a commonplace travel memoir, perhaps enlivened by the author's mystical experience. I had read a review that deemed it to be merely another white woman's experience of finding transcendence on the backs of the Third World poor.<br /><br />It was definitely more than that. Ms. Gilbert has an actual religious journey, and does seem to acknowledge the poverty and history of the places to which she travels. In her descriptions of her travels, I see those places through her eyes, and experience them. In her descriptions of her religious experiences, I experience again her rage, her frustration, her transcendence.<br /><br />But while it is more than I had imagined, it is not unusual. I find the categorization of her as a `white woman' by that reviewer to be patronizing (though true) at best, but this type of journey has been undertaken before. There is a long history of Westerners traveling to the East, and/or finding Eastern traditions, to find themselves and rediscover religion. Admittedly, Ms. Gilbert is also inspired by the lives and writings of Catholic Saints, but there is no denying the fact that her main religious experiences come with an Indian Guru and in that Guru's Ashram in India.<br /><br />But if this journey is like many other journeys, it is also unique. Most people do not combine Italy, India, and Indonesia (Bali) into a single spiritual journey. I like Ms. Gilbert's style, and the way she includes the reader in her revelations, as though she were writing to and for a dear friend.<br /><br />One aspect of Ms. Gilbert's style bothered me, and that was the way she would switch between telling us the events that had just occurred, like pages from her journal, and telling us about events in a detached, after the fact manner, like she was writing about the events after a long time. I found it distracting, and it would have helped me enjoy the book better if she could have picked one tense and stuck with it.<br /><br />Despite minor flaws, I enjoyed this book very much. It definitely reminded me of the need to be present in the moment as I live it, not letting my monkey mind flit between past and future with a helping of worry on the side.the events that had just occurred, like pages from her journal, and telling us about events in a detached, after the fact manner, like she was writing about the events after a long time. I found it distracting, and it would have helped me enjoy the book better if she could have picked one tense and stuck with it.    Despite minor flaws, I enjoyed this book very much. It definitely reminded me of the need to be present in the moment as I live it, not letting my monkey mind flit between past and future with a helping of worry on the side.
030746363X|5.0|I stumbled upon this book at 40% off borders going out of business sale. Read the back of the hardcover sleeve and figured why not? Hey...after a lifetime of \\"diet\\" influenced habits, claims of losing 20 pounds in 30 days is enough for anyone whose lifelong goal was always to be 10 pounds lighter. I figured even if it doesnt work its bound to give me some sort of result, right? And, the fact that closely written beneath that claim was a more astounding claim of how to achieve a 15-minute female orgasm most certainly backed up my impulse to buy!! I have so much knowledge of trend diets and why and how they work...or dont. And having studied holistic nutrition for years, I was even more curious to see how the info would hold up next to what I've learned and experienced first hand. I must say...undoubtedly...this book has deemed to be the most interesting, well written and informative thing Ive probably ever read. And Ive read ALOT of stuff. Tim is a clas-act for one. With plenty of credentials and well noted references to boot. And his writing style makes him seem like your average guy..the kind you feel like you've somehow already met. He combines a sense of humor with some serious, serious scientific factual research. So as heavy as the material may be, it's easily absorbale because he adds some simple, clever banter to bring your brain back down from \\"huh?\\" And I love the science stuff. His experiences and findings are cool enough to read the book even if you dont want to try for the results that could come from it. He's seemingly spent almost a lifetime gathering all of this. And its pretty amazing! And growing up looking at pictures of Lee Haney and Arnold on the wall where my brothers worked out, makes some of the stories and results Tim includes super cool. :)   Today is my 6th day trying the 4 hour body. I have no measurements or scale readings to report because I figured I would start that phase in my 2nd week. But!!(skeptics be warned) I put on my favorite pair of jeans that have been just too tight to be comfortable for the last year or so, and they fit like a glove. I spent quite a few minutes in front of the mirror after I zipped them up :) And if you're worried about being hungry, like on most other diets...please don't be. I am so full every day I have a hard time hitting my 4th meal. And wait! There's a bonus... a glass or 2 of red wine every night is perfectly fine. I'm focusing on one part of the book at a time to avoid overload, but I am very excited to see how my next few weeks turn out. And when I tackle my first challenge, I will happily move onto that second intruiging challenge I mentioned earlier!! ;) And if you wonder if the book is worth a place on your shelf? Worry not. You'll end up carrying it around like I do. Shelf space unscathed.   Godspeed Adventurers!!  (PS..Saw Tim Ferriss on The View this am and I would like to give Barbara Walters a big thumbs down for her excessive negativity and shotty comments. You go, Tim!!! Do it up!)
B002VWNICW|1.0|I sat down to watch this movie tonight and was blindsided by an obnoxious marketing gimmick called BD-Live. The DVD automatically downloaded a preview of \\"Get Him To The Greek\\" from the internet and started playing it. There was no option to access the DVD menu or skip the preview. What does a raunchy comedy about rock music have to do with \\"Pride & Prejudice\\"? Why is this DVD downloading software to my computer without my permission?    I purchased this movie on SD DVD years ago and I looked forward to enjoying the better picture and sound quality of Blu-ray. Since I can't find any way to disable BD-Live in my Windows Media Center preferences I am returning the Blu-ray copy of \\"Pride & Prejudice\\" as defective merchandise.
B0044430H8|5.0|I'm no expert, but I can't help but think of this score as a turning point for both electronic (slash industrial) music and film. This is a mesmerizing piece of art that, I imagine, acts as an introduction to a lot of people to how electronic music can be as emotive and effective (as a score) as traditional music. Here's hoping that this is the first of many examples of respected filmmakers realizing the depths that can be reached with music like this.
0312600844|1.0|If lack of character development, unbelievable speech / behavior that brings no real human being to mind, random flow of events that leave you completely unmoved or unconvinced, and basically mediocre writing is OK with you, than hustle right over and pay your $20 or $30 for this supposedly great novel. I simply just dont get how such lesser quality work can get such high praise, ie NYTs Top Books of 2010, etc..?   There seems to be around 100 or 1000 more worthy writers out there, life is short,  Freedom is long...bad investment, page 87, I am bailing.  Toss.
B001NEK2GE|5.0|I have been using Logitech products for entertainment and gaming for many years, I have NEVER been disappointed with anything they make. The G13 is no exception, this unit is awesome in every detail. It is heavy and very solid and does not move once in place (even with vigorous gaming). You can program more macros into this piece of hardware than you will ever need. The software is as always great and updated all the time with profiles and system software. The LCD is sleek and easy on the eyes and it just down right looks cool with all the colors and adjustments you can make. Buy it if you are thinking about it because you will not be disappointed!<br /><br />Pros: Great response time, keys are quite. Software is extremely easy to use. I was up and going in WOW in a matter of a few minutes. It has recognized every game I have tried with it (WoW, Dragon Age and The Elder Scrolls for now).<br /><br />Cons: Absolutely NOTHING. Even the price didn't bother me. Logitech is quality and quality costs.
B002ZG999U|4.0|good movie with great affects awesome story line but some of the great actors like Arnold Swarchenegger and others were only on screen long enough to say they were in the movie, Which was a let down of their potential.
B001NLKT60|5.0|The Girl Who Played With Fire takes place about two years after the end of Dragon Tattoo.  It's a fantastic story and dives deeper into the past of Lisbeth Salander.  Three murders have been committed and Lisbeth is considered the prime suspect.  She's on the run and Blomkvist is searching desperately for the real story behind the murders.  I thought it was a fantastic book.
B003ZSJ212|3.0|I much prefer the extended special editions of the original trilogy --- the only part I don't like is the infamous who-shot-first change, since it altered the  character of Han. (The fact that the effect wasn't particularly well done really  didn't help either.)    Lucas' argument that the effect changes in the SE matches his original plan seems  perfectly reasonable -- the technology just wasn't available at the time. That's Fine. But that bar room scene was something he could have changed at the time, so the 'technology' gap doesn't apply.    I wonder how many nay-sayers wouldn't demand the originals, if it wasn't for that one change...
B000050XEI|5.0|Arrived quickly as promised.  CD in perfect condition, no skips or scratches.  CD case  intact  but no pictures. and no song titles--- which would have been a perk. No problem with that for the price as USED  was reasonable.
0553582461|4.0|Fool's Fate is awesome! The series main plot really climaxes and ends spectacularly! I read it in less than a week staying up late every night. The only thing I don't like is the ending to the secondary plot with characters. I feel cheated in a sense the author threw a happy ending on with the characters in a hasty-sloppy way while there should have been another book.
1439153663|2.0|I know I'm in the minority here, but I found this book painful to read. Not because of the endless tragedies, but because of the historical inaccuracies, cardboard characters, and implausible plot. And if that weren't enough, the relentless stupidity of Lavinia was so difficult to slog through.     SPOILER ALERT    How could she be so loving and caring toward the slaves, and yet completely ignore her daughter and become a drug addict? How could she just \\"forget\\" about Belle's emancipation papers for YEARS? Why did she never tell Marshall that Belle was his sister? She started to at one point, and then never brought it up again. How could she be such a weak, whining moron, when everyone around her was suffering? If she had any sense, she would have been using those \\"drops\\" to get rid of her brutal husband. And the complete isolation in which these people lived was totally unrealistic. Was there no town nearby, no neighbors, no parties, socializing, etc.? Nothing. Except the slaves were freely able to roam around the countryside and go visit their relatives on another plantation. Pretty ridiculous.    I think I need to read \\"Gone With the Wind\\" again and get this awful book out of my brain.
B003L77TZI|3.0|My musical tastes are very diverse.  The rendition of Johann Pachebel's Canon in D major can move me to tears, so soul stirring is the classical piece. But I also like loud music with copious amounts of drive bass and electric guitar riffs that could peel the paint off the side of a barn, hence my unwavering attraction to Def Leppard's seminal 1987 album Hysteria.<br /><br />So this diversity in musical styles explains why I can listen to The Band Perry one minute and totally switch musical tracks and drive into Katy Perry's latest release Teenage Dream (2010).  Yes, I said Katy Perry.  I know, I know, she vocal abilities leave a lot to be desired as does her grasp on the world in general if her interviews are not just a façade--this woman is a bit of a dullard--but the production value on this album--at least the first half--is first rate and I enjoyed it.<br /><br />Katy Perry--real name Katheryn Elizabeth Hudson--grew up singing gospel music and after dappling in the genre and seeing limited commercial success decided to give it up and go a different way, releasing I Kissed a Girl in 2008.  The rest as they say is history.  Katy's sophomore album Teenage Dream was released in August 2010 and debuted at No.1 on the Billboard 200 music chart.  The CD has since spawned the singles California Girls (track No. 3), Teenage Dream (track No.1), and Firework (track No.4) , all of which have made it to No.1 on the Billboard Hot 100 music chart and been big hit worldwide.<br /><br />As I mentioned above, I thoroughly enjoyed the first half of Teenage Dream, excluding Firework, which I found almost unbearable to listen to, lyrically insufferable and naive.  To wit:<br /><br />Baby you're a firework<br />Come on let your colors burst<br />Make 'em go \\"Oh, oh, oh!\\"<br />You're gunna leave 'em fallin' down-own-own<br /><br />Seriously?!  It reads like something my 11-yearold daughter would write!<br /><br />Why you might ask?  Because of the driving beats, I would answer.  I love the thick bass, heavy guitar riffs and general loudness of the first half of the album, I can't help but be drawn in by the upbeat and danceable tempo of Teenage Dream, track No.2 Last Friday Night (T.G.I.F.), California Girls feathering Snoop Doggy Dogg , and track 5 Peacock (an homage to My Humps by the Black Eyed Peas). For the most part these opening tracks are upbeat and are endowed fairly catchy lyrics that must have been simple to write, there is a repetitive nature to them that make them easy to remember and playback in your head.  Musically, the tracks are hip, driven and perfect for dancing, but vocally, they are just so-so.<br /><br />If the first half of Teenage Dream was shot through with sunshine, though I have to wonder what Snoop \\"D-O-double G and I'm here to put this d_ck on you\\" Dogg is doing here pitching a decided rated PG-rated rap; \\"squeeze her buns\\" are you serious Snoop?  One would have to guess that Katy and team decided they needed to give the CD a bit of edginess that they thought a muted Snoop Doggy Dogg could only bring.  Judging from the success of the single perhaps they were right, but what did Snoop get from the deal?<br /><br />The back half--with the lone exception of track No.7, The One That Got Away--is almost all darkness and just plain messy and not at all a joy to listen to.  Let's be honest Ms. Perry vocal talent is somewhat lacking, and without extensive instrumentation to cover it up, there is nothing laudable about it.  This is a really evident on track No.9 Who Am I Living For wherein she screams the bridge and her voice is so strained its almost painful to listen to.<br /><br />Ms. Perry's one attempt at a ballad, track No.12 Not Like The Movies is an abysmal mess where she tries to make for her decided lack of vocal acumen by faux yodeling, shortening notes that should have been drawn out; the aural effect was sad to say the least.<br /><br />Teenage Dream includes two hidden tracks; California Gurls (Passion Pit Main Mix)--skip it, it is really bad, unless you're into techno-infused European nightclub music; and Teenage Dream (Kaskade Club Mix), another mess that embarrasses the slick production and solid sound of the original.<br /><br />Katy Perry is a co_k tease; indeed in her own words she admitted that she prefers to play the role of the sexual tease, but nothing more.  So while you will find a few expletives on Teenage Dream--Circle The Drain (track No.6)--is loaded with F-bombs, there is little else here but harmless sexual innuendo; who can miss the underlying message in Peacock?  When she is living in that persona, Katy Perry's music is fun, hip, energetic, but when she attempts to get serious about life, her music falls flat because she is not clever enough, or wise enough to lyrically pull it off. That is why the second half of Teenage Dream did not work for me.uropean nightclub music; and Teenage Dream (Kaskade Club Mix), another mess that embarrasses the slick production and solid sound of the original.      Katy Perry is a co_k tease; indeed in her own words she admitted that she prefers to play the role of the sexual tease, but nothing more.  So while you will find a few expletives on Teenage Dream--Circle The Drain (track No.6)--is loaded with F-bombs, there is little else here but harmless sexual innuendo; who can miss the underlying message in Peacock?  When she is living in that persona, Katy Perry's music is fun, hip, energetic, but when she attempts to get serious about life, her music falls flat because she is not clever enough, or wise enough to lyrically pull it off. That is why the second half of Teenage Dream did not work for me.
193413712X|2.0|I skimmed passages from various sections of this book in the bookstore then bought it for 4 reasons: I liked the author's power of description, I thought the content would interest me, it was a Pulitzer Prize winner, and it was manageable because it was fairly short. Even though it was short, I was not able to finish it because I got frustrated with the book. It had a disjointed feel with flashbacks and interrupting details that didn't seem to have a point. I ended up not caring about the characters or that I might be missing out on something good (a book others thought was prize-worthy). I wanted to like it; I kept picking it up but putting it back down. I even tried to finish it by skipping the annoying bits. Finally, I gave up. If the structure had been more straightforward and linear, I probably could have finished it, but as it was, I lost the plot. If there was one. I gave the book a 2 mainly because some of the descriptive passages were pleasing.
0525423273|5.0|Although quite predictable, Perkins still manages to carry the story through each chapter with charming and lovely prose. This style can really draw you in. My copy arrived 2 weeks before the estimated time, and I was halfway through another book, with plans to read others before this arrived. Once it had arrived though, I thought there'd be no harm in reading the first chapter... After I finished the first chapter, and then it all, I returned to my other books. They felt a little duller, the characters a bit less energetic, scenery a bit drab (although who can really blame them? They weren't set in Paris)     Overall this was a fantastic read and I can't wait to get my hands on Lola and the Boy Next Door
030746363X|5.0|I am 50+ (or fifty mumble as i tell my kids) and have managed to eat myself to 110 kilos and I hate it. This has reminded me that I like eating the way he suggests and since my family can now all feed themselves if they don't like what I am going to eat this is it. Groceries today start eating it tomorrow. Sally
B000WDS1OC|5.0|Put these (LYNCO AETREX ORTHOTIC SPORT INSOLE) in these (Timberland 3 Eye Classic Lug Mens) if you want to look sharp and feel comfortable.
0894803123|5.0|My boyfriend goes through a couple pints of Chubby Hubby a week, so when we got on an ice cream-making kick I figured I had to buy him this book.     This book WON'T tell you how to fill pretzels with peanut butter to make Chubby Hubby, but it does make really simple and awesome ice cream that can be tweaked in lots of ways. Unlike pretty much every other ice cream book out there, Ben & Jerry stand by making homemade ice cream with raw eggs, which has gotten me by far the best results. We have a few other books on making ice cream, including Lebovitz's \\"The Perfect Scoop,\\" but I feel like this one has the most straightforward and reliable recipes.
B000JQU1VS|5.0|This book was fast paced and interesting.  The mysteries weren't at all formulaic, and Holmes' little insults towards the police were clever and smooth.  It's a smart, engaging read that I would strongly recommend.
B004GHE6SU|5.0|Relax, this should be the Hong Kong version, which just released in December 2010.  I heard that the video content is similar to the Japanese version, although the packaging is not as fancy as the later.
030746363X|5.0|Tim does a great job of breaking down what everyone is interested in...Fat Loss, Muscle Gain, Strength Gain and more. He turns what you thought you knew on its head.    This is a book I will be recommend to all my friends and family.    Great Job!
B00466HM28|5.0|wow, I have oxygen eight, the mkpk 49 and 25. This keyboard is so portable that it is the most important keyboard I own. It is sturdy; and small. No drivers needed as it is 2.0 compliant. USB powered. I am getting another one, just so I can have one everywhere.
B003XMKMTQ|5.0|GREAT GREAT GREAT... The only thing one could be dissapointed about would be not enough.. Some songs were edited out so to keep it a 2 DVD set may be someday they will release it in a 3 disc set.  OUTSTANDING seeing E.C. Buddy Guy, BB KING, JIMMY VAUGHN, STEVE VAI, AND JOE WALSH STEALS THE CROWD!! Watched both discs 3 times in two days!! Most incredible guitar solo (fight) between vai and friends!!
B000AGTPUU|5.0|We love Polar Express and after searching for it at many stores...this was our best price! A definite tradition for us each Christmas will be to watch Polar Express!
080214473X|3.0|The book is pretty informative on a battle that everyone had seemed to have forgotten. The only pitfall of the book is that it fails to cover the story from the Somali perspective, it tries but fails miserably in doing so.
B000JMKQX0|5.0|Better than the Survival Guide, less technical and more human. A fresher take on the zombie genre. I enjoy all the stories from the different characters, they create different viewpoints of the war but still fit together overall.
B00280LYIC|5.0|I really didnt think i would like this book but i absolutly could not put it down.  Dying to see the movie now.
0553573403|5.0|When I was 15, it was hard for me to imagine a book better than Lord of the Rings. Then ASOIAF came along. It is easily the best fiction I've ever read. Looking forward to book 5 and the HBO adaptation.
1936594242|5.0|The copy I have is a few years old with a different cover,but I think it must be the same book. Anyway I read a lot of self help books and they all seem to be saying what this one has already said. It has everything in it that you need to know about the design of existence and how it all works together. I really didn't get what this book was saying the first time I read it. It sunk in the second time (reading it) because I took my time contemplating the Truth of it. If you are not ready and open to experiencing a unified paradigm, this book is not for you. But if you are noticing that the separation paradigm (fear,doubt and worry) is not working for you, this book may help with that.
030746363X|5.0|I really liked this book as it was straight forward, entertaining and easy to use as you don't need to read from start to finish. You can start on any chapter you like of interest.
B003F3FJQO|2.0|its very heart wrenching and sadistic. way more so than the maze runner. to much sadness in this book especially the ending.
030745455X|5.0|Continuing in the tradition of The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo, author Larsson spins a complex, gripping tale featuring the indomitable Lisbeth Salander and her ex-lover \\"Kalle\\" Blomvkist.  Readers are placed right in the middle of the action as Salander, accused of multiple murders, flees from authorities.  She, like Blomvkist, is also desperately trying to find the real murderer (or so she says), and in so doing, is placed in one life-threatening situation after another.  Salander is not playing with \\"fire\\" but with a series of metaphorical fires, all of which bring her closer and closer to her real nemesis!  Readers -- hang on for the ride of your life with this fast-paced, twisty-turny tale!
B002ZG981E|5.0|It was a very good film, but you must pay close attention to it starting from the very beginning to appreciate the film
B001IBIQU6|5.0|Depeche Mode is the only band i know, really the only, that formed in the 80s and after three decades are making such beautiful sounds. This album was just surprisngly amazing. I only knew the singles, Wrong and Peace. Both are electronic bliss but after days of just listening to the whole album in repeat i found that it was more than just two singles. Im not going in too deep but this album will amaze just how perfect every sound is, the beats the synths they are programmed so beautifly. Who knew a computer could do that? Not one bad song. The tracklisting is perfectly arranged. Dave's voice is as good as ever, and Martins backing vocals send shivers down your spine.   I downloaded this off iTunes because I couldn't wait to buy it and I didn't have time to buy the physical version.   I have decided to buy the huge deluxe box set which is full of demos, remixes and more collector stuff.  Some DM fans might say this album is just not good, but those are the 80s fans. This album is much more though. Take it from me its great one of their top, and i should know I own all their albums+remixes+b-sides. You'll love it. You should not be reading this cause' you're wasting time, order it already!!!
B003E8P9G0|5.0|The Red Pyramid is worth the buy, and you will most likely not regret it at all. The one and ONLY problem for me was it could get a tiny bit draggy in my opnion. But I know plenty of people who absolutey loved this book with no problem so I'm sure that you will to. It's fast paced with lots of action and I think that it' directed at an audience a bit older than the percy jackson series. Also, when you've finished reading let the book sink in, if you know what  mean. I didn't really like it at first but after I thought about it, it made more sense. I just can't wait for the next book and I think that it comes out in march 2011
B0015DROBO|4.0|This was a great read.  It was so intriguing that my non-reading husband had to get the audiobook.  I can't wait to read the next one.
B001UV4XFG|3.0|After reading the first book a few months ago, I decided to watch Twilight. The first film, while low in budget, was a lot better. This could be because the idea and/or actors were \\"fresh,\\" I do not know which. The second film was pretty bad: there were pacing issues, issues with hair and make-up, and issues with the acting. The third film fares a little better; there were two major flaws, everyone's wigs and the speech that Bella made at the end.<br /><br />Eclipse picks up right where New Moon left off, Bella and Edward are happy together. He wants her to marry him as a stipulation for turning her. She has shallow reason why she does not want to marry him; even though she wants to commit to eternal after life? If you follow the saga, then you know that the werewolves hate the vampires.....etc. Victoria comes back wanting revenge and she is played by someone different. She builds a newborn army to take out Bella. Possibly to eliminate the Cullen's as well or just because she does not want the Volturi to know. The werewolves form a truce and work together to save Forks from newborn annihilation. Two of the Cullen's are allowed to speak on their back stories. Bella agrees to marry Edward, they hide in a tent for her to be safe. The tent scene from the book happens. Jacob tries to force his love on Bella, he learns of their impending marriage and the fights happens. It ends with Bella's speech.<br /><br />The Good:<br />The cinematography was beautiful, the pacing of this story was done better. Everyone accept for Kirsten has improved in the acting department. Pivotal scenes from the book are executed well. Riley and Bree were perfectly cast and the the action scenes were a lot better. I am glad the third wife scene was cut down. Imprinting was explained better and they left out the Quil/Claire stuff.<br /><br />The Bad:<br />Everyone's hair was a mess, I know Kristen shot this after filming the Runaways; but that wig was just vomit-inducing. Jasper hair and the general style of a lot of characters was just bad; it kept me from getting thoroughly lost in the film. We do not hear much from Jasper but in the first films he seemed to have a lisp, now it is a southern accent? Bella, in the books, does not actually engage Rosalie to hear her back story, so I found this a little odd. None of the werewolves look like they should be grown or at the age of 25. The execution of Jacobs love for Bella came off poorly, I never saw the love, just a douche bag.<br /><br />Kirsten has no chemistry with Robert or Taylor, on film: I could not SEE why either would want her, there was barely any signs of fun; just Kristen biting her nails. It is inferred that the Volturi knew about the newborns but allowing Jane, etc to watch them create havoc was confusing; is it foreshadowing, I thought that was just an errant thought? The last thing was the speech at the end. The books sort of meld together but Bella was really sad over \\"losing\\" Jacob. This was never explored, instead Bella talks about belonging with the Cullen's, truly wanted to be a monster because she did not fit in; there was no need for the speech. It seem trite and pedestrian.<br /><br />I prefer the films to the books because a lot of unnerving themes are left out{cough Quil}, so I would recommend seeing it once because it is entertaining. It is a dramedy, you might awwwww!! and you might find it romantic but there are definitely some laughs, just those wigs alone.was just bad; it kept me from getting thoroughly lost in the film. We do not hear much from Jasper but in the first films he seemed to have a lisp, now it is a southern accent? Bella, in the books, does not actually engage Rosalie to hear her back story, so I found this a little odd. None of the werewolves look like they should be grown or at the age of 25. The execution of Jacobs love for Bella came off poorly, I never saw the love, just a douche bag.    Kirsten has no chemistry with Robert or Taylor, on film: I could not SEE why either would want her, there was barely any signs of fun; just Kristen biting her nails. It is inferred that the Volturi knew about the newborns but allowing Jane, etc to watch them create havoc was confusing; is it foreshadowing, I thought that was just an errant thought? The last thing was the speech at the end. The books sort of meld together but Bella was really sad over \\"losing\\" Jacob. This was never explored, instead Bella talks about belonging with the Cullen's, truly wanted to be a monster because she did not fit in; there was no need for the speech. It seem trite and pedestrian.    I prefer the films to the books because a lot of unnerving themes are left out{cough Quil}, so I would recommend seeing it once because it is entertaining. It is a dramedy, you might awwwww!! and you might find it romantic but there are definitely some laughs, just those wigs alone.
B0042U94UQ|5.0|Unfortunately, I didn't get the chance to see this film at the theaters, but it was a great choice to get.  My wife, daughters and I throughly loved it.  Best part of all is that the humor in the movie was all clean, there was no uncomfortable \\"adult humor\\" stuck in there that I would have to explain to my kids.  This is a great film for all ages depicting how a villain and his childish minions learns to love while competing against a new rival to commit the greatest crime.  He soon grows to cherish the children he adopted as part of his scheme and becomes their hero.
044654759X|2.0|As a huge Nicholas Sparks fan and having read all his other books, I was very excited to read his latest release, Safe Haven.    Although it started out a bit slow for me, I soon found myself enjoying it more and more and by the mid-way point, I couldn't put it down.  I enjoyed the character development, the relationship development between the main characters and the intensity of the conflict of the book.    This turned out to be very different from any of his other books in the portrayal of Katie's past and I found myself cringing at the ordeal that brought her to Southport to start a new life.   The end of the book brewed to a level most Sparks readers are not used to and I found myself completely engrossed.  That is - until the last few pages.   While some may find the twist at the end very magical and touching, I found it to be terribly cliche and almost cheeky.  I was extremely disappointed.  Still trying to forgive him for the arrogance with which he handled himself on press junkets for The Last Song, I am afraid Mr. Sparks lost a couple more points with me on this one.
B001FB4W0C|5.0|I love lore, myths, anything dealing with the supernatural. I own all of the prior seasons. While I cannot fault anyone for their opinion, in my opinion the shows just keeps getting better. There was a lot of talk about how the show would rebound after Dean's death in season three but I think the writers did a wonderful job. Some people do not think that angels and demons should have been explored on this show. Religion is rooted in mythology, anything that is not tangible is consider part of the supernatural world. Having read a lot of different books on angels; I know they are not like religions make them out to be. They are emotionless soldiers; who just follow Gods orders. Demons are the ones equipped with more human like attributes. Supernatural did a good job of displaying this.<br /><br />There were some pretty good episodes this season as well. Wishful Thinking, being one of my favorites: seeing a giant teddy bear suffering and trying to kill himself left me at a loss for words. The casting of Castiel was great, Micha has great comic and dead pan delivery. There were flaws but not enough to warrant anything less than 5 stars. I did not like the new Ruby, but I enjoyed Sam pitfall into \\"demonhood.\\" It explored an emotional irrational side of Sam. I enjoyed how Dean came back and how hell affected him. Supernatural, in my opinion, is one of the best, well written shows out.
B001FSDOZO|5.0|I like this cd but the sound quality isnt there as it was on past cds. I think it was who ever engineered this cd Nickelback should fire.
0634049011|5.0|Let me just start off by saying that I am about 95% self taught on the guitar. I picked up my brothers and started to play around with it when i was about 10, he showed me a few chords, and off I went. I understand theory moderately well, as I played trumpet in high school band, but the guitar remained a mystery to me for a long time. The last year or so I felt like I hit a wall in my learning. Just got this book today and started on the 8th page, and after reading the first exercise, I thought to myself \\"Where has this book been for the last 10 years!?\\" If you've been playing a few years or more, and you feel like you're at a stand-still in your understanding of the guitar don't hesitate, get this book.
B0041QSZJM|5.0|I saw Pink Martini in New York City. The show was fabulous. I just had to buy several of their holiday CDs to share with my friends. When I hear the songs I can visualize them on stage performing. ;-)
B000HT3PPG|5.0|This was exactly what I expected. Brand new and excellent quality. It also arrived much faster than expected. I would definitely buy from this seller again.
031603438X|5.0|One of the best books I've ever read. Luff the narative style that is was written. A book that I can easily relate to growing up around that same time as Keith and some of his story's I can really relate to. I saw them in the \\"city\\" the year of Altamont. Their limo stopped outside my window on Oak St the night before Altamont. I lived a similar existence without the hard drugs. I think I was a little less nocturnal than Keith. A great read and insite into the Stones and their music. The Glimmer twins were a natural duo! I also knew Gram's wife Gretchen. I met her once here in SoCal and actually played one of his guitars.
1579128149|5.0|This book is much better than I thought it was going to be. The author has a great sense of humor and writes the book very well.<br />The information in this book isn't beyond the average person's intelligence but still has a lot of other information that you wouldn't expect from a \\"coffee table\\" type of book.<br />The pictures are outstanding and definitely help the reader grasp the importance of the elements in every day objects that we usually don't think about.<br />You won't find any detailed info about isotopes or anything below the structure of the atom but each element shows the electron configuration, the emission sprectrum, crystalline structure, phase change chart, etc. Very interesting and a great read. This is something everyone could enjoy, from the young to the old.
B001FB55MG|5.0|great movie for children
B003UYUQZW|5.0|i can say only one thing that i'm glad that disney got a hold of this movie. disney movies are awesome. this is a great movie. and the actors are great and so is the action. Prince of persia is truly a epic film.
B00003CXCQ|5.0|Great children's movie
1933492929|5.0|[[VIDEOID:mo28OMDS8F5QOU3]]This book made my face light up. Packed in this 160-page book is a collection of new artwork from Terryl Whitlatch. You won't see any of her Star Wars creatures that appeared in The Wildlife of Star Wars - you should probably get that book as well.<br /><br />The gallery consist of paintings and sketches of real and imagined animals. The designs for the imaginative creatures are beautiful and believable. There are sea, land and flying creatures. Great variety.<br /><br />Many sketches are included, some picked from her art classes. For selected creatures, they are so detailed separate drawings on the muscular anatomy and bone structure are included. Scribbled on the sketches are labels and notes, though a bit small but only because there's so much packed onto the page.<br /><br />Besides creature concept art, there are also stylized character designs. Rocket rhinos, psychotic pandas, comical cerberus, cupid frogs are just some of the many animated ideas. They are really fun to look at.<br /><br />This isn't an instructional book so there aren't pointers on how to draw, but you can get lots of ideas or understand what's possible just by looking at the drawings.<br /><br />This inspiring book is highly recommended to anyone who loves animal art.<br /><br />-<br /><br />There's a hardcover edition available: [[ASIN:1933492910 Animals Real and Imagined: Fantasy of What Is and What Might Be]]<br /><br />-<br /><br />(There are more pictures of the book on my blog. Just visit my Amazon profile for the link.)
B001ILFUDC|5.0|As has been for years, good show for children
1933492910|5.0|[[VIDEOID:moSPWR8AGHTONF]]This book made my face light up with ecstasy. Packed in this 160-page book is a collection of new artwork from Terryl Whitlatch. You won't see any of her Star Wars creatures that appeared in [[ASIN:0811828697 The Wildlife of Star Wars: A Field Guide]] - you should probably get that book as well.<br /><br />The gallery of art consist of paintings and sketches of real and imagined animals. The designs for the imaginative creatures are beautiful and believable. They are sea, land and flying creatures. Great variety.<br /><br />A lot of sketches are included, picked from her art classes. For selected creatures, they are so detailed separate drawings on the muscular anatomy and bone structure are included. Scribbled on the sketches are lots of labels and notes, though a bit small but only because there's so much packed onto the page.<br /><br />Besides creature concept art, there are also stylized character designs. Rocket rhinos, psychotic pandas, comical cerberus, cupid frogs are just some of the many animated ideas. They are really fun to look at.<br /><br />This isn't an instructional book so there aren't pointers on how to draw, but you can get lots of ideas or understand what's possible just by looking at the drawings.<br /><br />This inspiring book is highly recommended to anyone who loves animal art.<br /><br />-<br /><br />There's a paperback edition available: [[ASIN:1933492929 Animals Real and Imagined: Fantasy of What Is and What Might Be]]<br /><br />-<br /><br />(There are more pictures of the book on my blog. Just visit my Amazon profile for the link.)
B0013ND30M|5.0|As always great for children
0307455874|4.0|This is a 'reactionary' work, an adequate word to use, the major theme is Obama proposing an alternative to the Reagan revolution. It's certainly not limited to that. I suppose one could say the anti-Reagan arguments in 'The Audacity of Hope' are wishful thinking, or that they are at the base root of Obama's thinking, or that the arguments are simply the enforcement of political correctness - a rationalisation, an explanation for his beliefs after the fact, however, I'm not qualified to make that claim. For the most part it seems Obama argues with 'Reagan', not with name calling, not with insults, not with intimidation, but with facts and reason.<br /><br />I thought for sure I was going to give this 3 stars - it isn't till page 40 that Obama says something interesting. Then I thought, I'm not going to give it 5 stars, because it's not really about anything. By the end of The Audacity of Hope the reader understands this work is about everything. Obama's theory of everything. I'm not going to give the work 5 stars. . . because I wonder if President Obama will be judged one day. My own reputation is at stake. If it can be proposed for George Bush, it can be proposed for another president.<br /><br />Constantly and on end Obama takes both sides of every issue. Thought I'd use the phrase, 'The Audacity of BS' in here somewhere. I began to wonder if he has a personality disorder, along the lines of say, PHD Sheldon Cooper, the fictional character on the show The Big Bang Theory. He has a single mindedness to be oppositional. Perhaps it's what we need in a president. A professional reviewer notes that Obama examines both the liberal and conservative position, noting positive points of each, and then explains why he prefers the liberal position.<br /><br />President Obama has an interesting mind. His views seem based on history. Obama gives us a very good historical background on each issue he presents. In this he reminds me of Pat Buchanan. Buchanan, apparently, paid attention to what was going on, as it happened, during American history, took it seriously, not just as a sound bite, and he uses this knowledge during debate. He's a very good debater. Do I believe, as a youngster, as these events were unfolding, Obama looked upon them with an objective viewpoint? No I don't. Barack Obama has been busy since then until his election to the Senate. Genuinely Obama has come to understand the past as it's unfolded. He made the most of someone else's opportunity. Obama presents a very fair, and to my mind, very thorough examination of the background history of each issue. It borders on incredible - take the observation how you like. I accept all of Obama's history lessons with the exception of, for reasons that may become clear later in the review, Obama's insinuation that the coarsening of political discourse in this country can be blamed on Ronald Reagan - tho perhaps this one overemphasis is meant to show he Can be unequivocal? He's on your side. .<br /><br />I definitely recommend the Audacity of Hope for anyone wanting to understand America. There are flaws in the book and Obama writes almost as if he's a student determined to show what he knows. One reviewer used the word 'thesis' to describe it. They say a lesson well taught is a lesson well learned. These observations contradict the idea this is some kind of book-by-committee. To be honest, I'm surprised Barack Obama, someone who's not a professional writer, is the best writer I've ever read. George Will notes that Obama may be the best writer-president we've had.<br /><br />The Chapter on Faith, I thought, This would surely be an insult to my intelligence. Little did I know it would be a personal insult. Near the beginning Obama writes, \\"America's religious impulse helped foster a degree of religious entrepreneurship unmatched elsewhere in the industrialized world. Pushed out of sight but still throbbing with vitality through the heartland and the bible belt, a parallel universe emerged. . .\\" I felt that was uncalled for. Obama brings up angry and fiery Alan Keyes in this chapter, the opponent he defeated in his senate race. I didn't realize Keys so directly represented me - sure, I thought it a little odd how 'white' his viewpoints were. It's good to know in some districts I'd be worth 27% of the vote.<br /><br />Alan Keyes is one of my favorite politicians. I didn't realize he was a 'joke'. A US Senator is not ignorant, but frankly I thought Barack Obama was an idiot or at least pretty ignorant about half the world until the day he was forced to debate Alan Keyes. I thought an 'education' was the very reason Keyes was recruited to oppose him. I'm sad to say Obama brushes off Keyes pretty easily in this (his) book. This chapter brought up the possibility, however, to me, that Alan Keyes could have become president. It also brings up the possibility that Obama is meant to be the safe candidate for whites. The record may have been 43 and 0, but it is White citizens who are in need of being reassured. Frankly, regular, true black conservatives scare the hell out of whites, on some below the surface, perhaps unconscious level.<br /><br />Negatives:<br /><br />In the middle of a chapter dealing with corruption, Obama writes, \\"So I owe those unions. When their leaders call, I do my best to call them back right away. I don't feel this is corrupting in any way; I don't mind feeling obligated toward home health-care workers who clean bedpans every day for little more than the minimum wage or toward teachers. . .\\" It's not corruption, as long as it's for a good cause. Incredible. I nearly choked on the pretzel I was munching. It's so incredible, this may be the reaction, or the 'awareness' Obama was trying to raise.<br /><br />He's no friend to big business. Corporate America is faltering and could use help. Ronald Reagan put a quota on the number of foreign cars sold in America. There are reasons Obama couldn't do this, one of which might be he doesn't know Reagan did so. There were reasons Reagan couldn't do it either but he did anyway. If I want to work at a dangerous job-site with low pay and benefits, and participate in waste-dumping, I'll work for a small company. Obama is making sure that happens?<br /><br />Obama favors the thought of 'unions'. Both left and right seem to have forgotten: at one point in our nation we simply passed labor laws. The left underestimate their true power? That day could come again. I've admitted I'm a member of the rabid right, but in truth, I could go along with at least half of the leftist agenda, but the other half, that I hold dear, well, that's why I usually end up favoring politicians on the right. For all Obama's change, and his ability to compromise, the changes all seem to be about a grab toward the middle, and this book is about taking a position in the center? Where ever it is Obama comes from, there's the possibility he's trapped, and all politicians are trapped, in some kind of safe-zone, careful area or even within the walls of the 'monied interests' that support them. I would like to see some real compromise, on both sides.<br /><br />Obama writes about the latest Republican ideas and their promotion of an 'ownership society'. I thought perhaps on this one issue Obama might not have fully understood the republicans position here (and who could blame him)? If one looked at John McCain's health care proposal during the 2008 election, McCain was calling for an end to employment based health care. McCain wasn't directly proposing this but it's what his legislation (if enacted) would have led to. In the world I live in, companies have to relocate their offices ever decade or so. Many office employees (most likely married with children) take another job rather than relocating.<br /><br />In one place he writes, \\"when our collective interest in building an upscale new mall is used to justify the destruction of someones home - we depend upon the strength of countervailing values\\". Sounds good, but I doubt Obama has prevented anyone's home from being demolished. 'Eminent domain' is an issue that's been raised by the political right (whether due to principle, or focus group evaluation). Only government can seize property, which they do, when a road needs widened or a new convention center is needed. Obama has the home destroyer's building 'upscale malls'.<br /><br />At times it's the same old narrative. He writes about riots in the country of Indonesia in 1997 but doesn't reveal these were race riots with natives driving out and even slaughtering immigrant Chinese. Instead Obama places the blame on authority, and the figure of authority: the government troops sent out to quell violence. Obama says the Earth is warming. And that would be a bad thing. I was half expecting him to mention Western man's eradication of others with Small Pox, because he knows the idea, 'Western medicine eradicated Small Pox' could give people the wrong idea, and be insensitive. Obama uses the phrase 'the Monroe Doctrine' 3 times - sure enough, it's in the index 3 times - and twice actually talks about how the document was used by the USA to justify imperialist actions - this is the document that was America's, and the worlds, statement against colonialism. American servicemen died enforcing the Monroe doctrine, in some cases outside the Western Hemisphere.<br /><br />I don't want to mischaracterize this book. . . I genuinely recommend it for it's impressive and fair history and civics lessons. . . I say Obama is a reaction to Reagan. . . I also suspect Obama is the left's Reagan. Certainly the economic situate parallels what it was during Reagan's election/presidency. So far Obama is doing a fair job of guiding our country back from a bad situation. Some reviewers notice that - the Obama who wrote this book is not the Obama we have as president. If I was on the left I might wonder if Obama is some kind of closet conservative. Not too much really changes, and in his book, he does a fair job of explaining the conservative position. Not sure what's going on. . . perhaps we all have to wait till 'the nation's third black president'. Perhaps, the less Obama actually says and does, and the more the country turns around, it will all seem due to the magic of Obama. And Obama and the left will be the gate keepers of what is right and wrong. If Obama is the new-Reagan, things aren't looking good for those of us on the right for awhile. One difference is, this time school teachers and the media wont be opposing Obama. In our democracy we need to learn to live with what we have, I suppose.<br /><br />In his chapter on Race he writes, \\"White guilt has largely exhausted itself\\" and then proceeds to mine this vein himself, he writes about the shameful period where the US held Japanese Americans in internment camps. This chapter deserves it's own review but let me just stick with; if we must apologize for this shameful act, why not apologize to the German and Italian Americans held in internment camps also? You can't very well write a book dedicated to minority disadvantage and then have a typical minority portrayed within as a God. In a conversation with Obama, Senator Robert Byrd of West Virginia tells Obama, \\"Gods grace. Yes indeed. Let me sign these for you then\\".<br /><br />I'm not sure what's going on in the minds of liberal Americans. It almost seems as if it is no longer simply fear, a matter of following the path of least resistance, or preferring to be the safe and winning side - it almost seems as if they are promoting this pro-victim idea, today, because in their minds, it will make legitimate some kind of white-victim mentality later on - at least that is a Fantasy they would prefer believing, when in reality they simply prefer to hurt others over being hurt? To tell you the truth, who knows what they are thinking? I'll resist the urge to add, 'Who cares'? 'Except to know what not to do'. I do think this issue is what will inspire real change. As it becomes more and more apparent that the values of hope and tolerance were never meant for white men more and more citizens will turn against it. After all, these 'values' exist for the purpose of arousing hatred of white men?ng values\\". Sounds good, but I doubt Obama has prevented anyone's home from being demolished. 'Eminent domain' is an issue that's been raised by the political right (whether due to principle, or focus group evaluation). Only government can seize property, which they do, when a road needs widened or a new convention center is needed. Obama has the home destroyer's building 'upscale malls'.<br /><br />At times it's the same old narrative. He writes about riots in the country of Indonesia in 1997 but doesn't reveal these were race riots with natives driving out and even slaughtering immigrant Chinese. Instead Obama places the blame on authority, and the figure of authority: the government troops sent out to quell violence. Obama says the Earth is warming. And that would be a bad thing. I was half expecting him to mention Western man's eradication of others with Small Pox, because he knows the idea, 'Western medicine eradicated Small Pox' could give people the wrong idea, and be insensitive. Obama uses the phrase 'the Monroe Doctrine' 3 times - sure enough, it's in the index 3 times - and twice actually talks about how the document was used by the USA to justify imperialist actions - this is the document that was America's, and the worlds, statement against colonialism. American servicemen died enforcing the Monroe doctrine, in some cases outside the Western Hemisphere.<br /><br />I don't want to mischaracterize this book. . . I genuinely recommend it for it's impressive and fair history and civics lessons. . . I say Obama is a reaction to Reagan. . . I also suspect Obama is the left's Reagan. Certainly the economic situate parallels what it was during Reagan's election/presidency. So far Obama is doing a fair job of guiding our country back from a bad situation. Some reviewers notice that - the Obama who wrote this book is not the Obama we have as president. If I was on the left I might wonder if Obama is some kind of closet conservative. Not too much really changes, and in his book, he does a fair job of explaining the conservative position. Not sure what's going on. . . perhaps we all have to wait till 'the nation's third black president'. Perhaps, the less Obama actually says and does, and the more the country turns around, it will all seem due to the magic of Obama. And Obama and the left will be the gate keepers of what is right and wrong. If Obama is the new-Reagan, things aren't looking good for those of us on the right for awhile. One difference is, this time school teachers and the media wont be opposing Obama. In our democracy we need to learn to live with what we have, I suppose.<br /><br />In his chapter on Race he writes, \\"White guilt has largely exhausted itself\\" and then proceeds to mine this vein himself, he writes about the shameful period where the US held Japanese Americans in internment camps. This chapter deserves it's own review but let me just stick with; if we must apologize for this shameful act, why not apologize to the German and Italian Americans held in internment camps also? You can't very well write a book dedicated to minority disadvantage and then have a typical minority portrayed within as a God. In a conversation with Obama, Senator Robert Byrd of West Virginia tells Obama, \\"Gods grace. Yes indeed. Let me sign these for you then\\".<br /><br />I'm not sure what's going on in the minds of liberal Americans. It almost seems as if it is no longer simply fear, a matter of following the path of least resistance, or preferring to be the safe and winning side - it almost seems as if they are promoting this pro-victim idea, today, because in their minds, it will make legitimate some kind of white-victim mentality later on - at least that is a Fantasy they would prefer believing, when in reality they simply prefer to hurt others over being hurt? To tell you the truth, who knows what they are thinking? I'll resist the urge to add, 'Who cares'? 'Except to know what not to do'. I do think this issue is what will inspire real change. As it becomes more and more apparent that the values of hope and tolerance were never meant for white men more and more citizens will turn against it. After all, these 'values' exist for the purpose of arousing hatred of white men?
B003YWUTJI|5.0|Norah Jones's voice blends remarkably with every artist, and the diversity of song choices makes this album never boring.  Each song is a wonderful gift.
0802473156|5.0|I highly recommend this book to everyone.  It really puts in to perspective why couples struggle.  two thumbs up...
1400079144|3.0|Like most famous authors who write fiction, there's a formula to most novels. Dan Brown is no exception. It follows the same format as the Da Vinci Code. The beginning is good, middle keeps you guessing, but like all his books, the ending is anti-climatic. Some note worthy scripture passages from the bible, makes you take another look at what you think you know about the reality of life. So there he does a decent job. He stays true to form as a Catholic basher, which turned me off about his novels, but I know where he is coming from, so I don't take it personnal. If they make a movie out of this one, I think Harrison Ford should play Robert Langdon. I thought Tom Hanks was wrong for the part. Just my opinion.
0553805371|1.0|To pick up a book by Stephen Hawkings, a reader probably already has an interest in science, and in the universe in particular. For someone like me, a high school physics and math teacher and a student of space science my entire life, I found this book to merely repeat much of the material on a \\"Theory of Everything\\" that I have read elsewhere. Unlike other books I have read, I felt like, for the derogatory \\"general\\" reader to which this book refers as its audience, it does a paultry job of explaning the theories on which the authors' new assertion are based. I was even more disappointed to discover that the only new material I read in this book constituted only 10 out of a 180 pages (and I feel I am being generous in giving the authors that many). In those 10 pages, much of what the authors discussed I have read in Scientific American articles.     The authors also spend an inordinate amount of time bashing religion. This is unnecessary in a science book and degrades from the validity of the authors' message. If the science is good, it will address the religious asssertions without wasting ink- for the mere 180 pages in this book, I would have preferred more science and less atheist propaganda.     SAVE YOURSELF SOME TIME: BUY THE SEPTEMBER 2010 ISSUE OF SCIENTIFIC AMERICAN AND READ THE AUTHORS' ASSERTIONS.  Unless you're a science teacher who could use some of the additional illustrations in class, the book isn't worth the money. A better book for pictures is Hawking's \\"The Illustrated Universe in a Nutshell.\\"
0439023521|5.0|I bought this book a while ago, trying to get my eight grader on to something other than Percy Jackson. A Rick Riordan fan to the core, the kid said, \\"It's good...\\" and shoved the book in a drawer. What he'd told me of the plot--a future North America called Panem where 12 districts (the 13th was destroyed) are punished each year for a past uprising by having two children from each district pitted against each in a continent-wide reality show in a fight to the death. It sounded good but I had a lot in my to be read stack.<br /><br />Fast forward to now. I'm working at a middle school and as I catch snatches of the reading conferences, there is much talk of this series. No matter what book I'm dragging around, the kids' question is always the same: \\"Have you read The Hunger Games?\\" I'm glad to say that next week I'll be able to apply in the affirmative (while scouring the class library for a copy of Catching Fire).<br /><br />This book reminds me of it's title: lean, intensive and even brutal. The writing is sparse but powerful, but the characterization is rich and satisfying. Katniss Everdeen lost her father to the mines. Kat's father, who taught her to hunt, told her which plants to eat and sang so true that even the birds gave pause, was a man respected in district 12. And yet, when Kat's mother slips into depression and the food runs out, no one save the baker's son is willing to help her. At the cost of a black eye and bruised face, Peeta burns two loaves of bread and tosses one to Kat. It is her first gift and she never knows how to repay it.<br /><br />The next gift is Gale, a tall, true boy whose rabbit snares she admires in the forest. He calls her Catnip since she mumbled her name the first time he ever asked. They share knowledge first and then food. Soon, they are a team, shooting a deer together that nets a maimed goat for Kat's little sister Prim, an angelic being loved by all. Gale talks of running away and living in the woods, but they both know they won't, not with so many mouths to feed (Gale has little brothers and neither his or Kat's mother seem to be very useful). Gale's father died in the same explosion as Kat's father did.<br /><br />Kat tries to be calm as the lottery for the Hunger Games approaches. Both she and Gale have had to put their name in extra times to get the monthly tessarae to keep the family from starving to death. A ration of rough grain and a few supplies shouldn't be worth a person's life, but in district 12, that's the reality. Gale's name will be in over forty times. Kat's name is entered twenty. Sweet Prim, who Kath no longer takes hunting because she wanted to heal everything, is the only same one. Kat has made sure that Prim never took tessarae for the family. It's Prim first year to have her name entered, being twelve. Her name will go in twice, when she is thirteen, and once more each year until 18, when she will be safe. Kat's job? To stay alive that long so that she can feed Prim. (Although Gale and Kat have a deal to feed the other's family if one of them are killed in the games).<br /><br />What happens, however, is something that Kat could have never planned for, even in her worst nightmare. The name called is an Everdeen, but it isn't her. It's Prim. Screaming and pushing through the crowd of children who have already parted for her, Kat rushes to the stage to volunteer. She has hardly had time to think about what has happened when the boy tribute is named--Peeta, the boy with the bread, the boy who saved her from starving.<br /><br />This is the conflict that keeps the book going, that and Kat's character. Peeta says that she doesn't know what she does to people and he's right. Just like the boy with the bread, we are in love with Kat and feel for Peeta. Book One chronicles televised weeks in the arena that will bring Kat and Peeta face-to-face with their true selves. What will they be willing to do to stay alive?<br /><br />Recommended for school libraries. Readers who like UGLIES by Scott Westerfield or THE GIVER by Lois Lowry will like enjoy this.y will like enjoy this.
B003XMUFGQ|5.0|This release is one of (or the best) his greatest .  Good variety and he just gets better with age!  Great Buy!
0143037757|5.0|A wonderful book by a top grade intellectual who seems unafraid to voice opinions. Political synthesis intersects cultural criticism in a work thoroughly serious yet at times heartbreaking or ironic as appropriate. Judt looks at Europe as it recovers from World War II, showing how politics, economics and culture (he seems especially sensitive to the cinema and music) interacted in the various countries involved and combined to create a more unified Europe. Lest this sound stuffy and boring, please note that Judt is a master story-teller. Do not let the phone-book proportions of this compelling book put you off. The paperback edition I scored from Amazon reads beautifully, with good margins. If you try to read it in bed, however, and drop off to sleep unexpectedly,it could hurt you.
B0009P5YXO|5.0|This product arrived quickly, and it works like a charm. It is beyond amazing. MY friend loved her gift, absolutely loved it! Absolutely amazing! Thank you!
B002MQYOFW|5.0|Had to read this to see what all of the fuss was about. Was able to read the beginning for awhile like a normal book but after about the first 20 percent, I could not put it down. For the last half of the book, I honestly stayed up very late to finish because I could not put it down! LOVED IT!!
0201721481|3.0|I am an experienced C programmer and writing software is my job.<br /><br />Note that there are no answers to the exercises in the book. There is a separate answers book, but that is for the 3rd edition which is supposedly quite different.  I don't think that is a reason to not buy the book. However, because of that fact it will NEVER get 5 stars from me -- maybe not even 4 stars. How can you learn from a book like this without finding out if you did the exercises right or not??<br /><br />Luckily, internet to the rescue: google \\"C++ Primer 4th Edition answers\\" and you'll find a wiki site with answers.<br /><br />I'm now half-way through the book and have found the book to explain everything in a clear and comprehensive way. The examples are very reflective of the information presented, and they usually include some \\"won't work\\" examples so the syntax is clear. I believe it's teaching style creates a programmer who thinks in the C++ language. I'm already writing my own apps and maintaining and upgrading C++ software at work.<br /><br />From searching the C++ forums, where programmers hang out, I found this book is recommended to beginners more than any other for it's clarity and use of modern C++ techniques. So far I recommend this way over \\"Accelerated C++\\" which I didn't feel prepared me to write anything but the application it was presenting. So far C++ Primer explains everything much more thoroughly and still has a similar C++ without C approach.
B000ZFTXNA|5.0|Like many people, I saw a movie first. Naturally, due to media constraints, you expect certain amount of the book to be homogenized. Therefore, I wanted to read what was missing. To my amazement very little was missing or modified. I do not normally read this sort of book. Therefore, I was surprised at finding myself wanting more when it finished.<br /><br />In addition, until I read the book I did not realize that Charing Cross Road was a real place. The whole book is based on a collection of correspondence between Helene Hanff, an avid book reader, and Frank Doel an agent for British bookseller.<br /><br />My wife has taken this one-step further and is collecting all the books that were mentioned in the correspondence. Some of these books appear to have been reprinted due to this publication.<br /><br />If you can find it there is a book called &quot;The Library of Helene Hanff.&quot;<br />I wonder what became of all the other people described in the correspondents after the book.<br /><br />[[ASIN:B00003CX8N 84 Charing Cross Road]]
B004856SQ8|5.0|I rarely review movies. But after watching this with low expectations I had a ball. Like he says as long as you Ignore the laws of physics. Etc.  But there's action from beginning to end and enough suspense to keep you Inbetween scenes.  It's a perfect conbination, I doubt they will realize In a sequil UNLESS a darn good writer comes along with a good script like this was.  For what this movie was, and being the very best It could be at it I give It 5 stars. AND I give special nods to all the actors as well except Mr T replacement couldn't act at all.  Liam Neeson always great.  Great fun boys and girls.
0307739961|5.0|Having read all of the books by Steig Larsson - I can say that they are thrilling and entertaining.  My husband and I have even seen the Swedish movies of the series.
B0042U94UQ|5.0|kids will love it but it will take an adult to really appreciate the humor.  watch carefully for the line under the \\"Bank of Evil\\" sign.
B0025UHKNS|5.0|As with most Garmin products, this is awesome. We own three and this one is for my wife's Dad. My wife, who has ran the Boston Marathon ( 3:34 ), St' George, Miami and Victoria BC runs a lot and is very, shall we say, detail oriented about the math part of her workouts. Pace, distance, solid gps readings etc. This watch does it all. I personally use a Garmin 500 on my bike. I ride about 250 miles on average a week and they are not fluff miles. I race Cat 3 and I love my Garmin. In the past 10 years of consistent data training, we have owned 4 Garmins. We replaced them not because they broke, but because a more well designed in terms of size came out. We actually sold our old units. Buy Garmin. You won't regret it.
B00005N6KG|1.0|the sound went out in my old headphones so this one looked pretty good. i ordered them and when they arrived i was so disappointed. these headphones are very light but thats because their so cheaply made. it feels like if i sneeze while wearing them they would just rip apart. the wires also feel like that so you gotta be very careful to not tear them up. They are also very short on me so if i put them in my pocket while at the gym they keep on pulling my head down when i walk around.( im 5.9\\" by the way) i placed an order for a different product and hopefully its more durable then this....
B001VLXNLU|5.0|A truely amazing book. It usually it takes me some time to read a book, but this was a real page turner and I could not put it down. I really liked the fact that humans know about the vampires because it was so different. Also I can say that this series is ten times better than the twilight series, even though most teens will hate me for saying that, but it is absolutely true. However, if you don't like teen drama you would not like this book, but my mom hates teen drama and I got her hooked on this series. Hope you like it as much as I did.
B001DJLCP4|5.0|Sony will release Taxi Driver in Germany as an Amazon.de Blu-ray Exclusive on April 7th, 2011. Hopefully the US will soon follow!
B003ZTQN1I|2.0|I was going to buy this soundtrack but was sad to see that the songs weren't performed by the same singers.  The soundtrack on Itunes has the exact songs from the movie which is better but no Country Strong on it.
B002ZG99TK|2.0|SPOILERS!    Let me sum up the movie by answering five questions for you.     Will the runaway train be stopped?  (yes)  Will any significant characters perish?  (no)  Will there be lots of hand-wringing and moments in which corporate leaders are shown to be fools?  (yes)  Will there be lots of bravado banter? You know, that kind of humorous, sarcastic, jovial \\"well gosh, look at the peril we're in\\" chatter?  (yes)  Will there be moments of near catastrophe that will cause spectators to raise their fists, cheer, and feel good about being alive?  (yes)  Will there be a heart-warming ending for estranged family members and those who pulled together to avert disaster?  (yes)    And that , in a nutshell, is this film.      Performances are fine.  Editing is rapid-fire.  Direction is workmanlike. Dialogue is uninspired.     Watch and forget.  If that is what you're in the mood for, this will fit the bill.
B004D7GU3M|5.0|It's quite simple. This is my favorite thing that i purchased in 2010. If you can find a copy, buy it.
0451228375|3.0|Mass Market paperback with print the size of infant fruit flies.    Am thirty-ish (and have survived many a Dickens novel) but still am afraid I may never see the 1000+ page ending!  So far this is a[n achingly] great read, and seemed quite affordable, but regrettably I'm going to have to wait to read beyond chapter three until someone returns the long overdue hardback at my local library  . . . or until I find a magnifying glass.  Spring for the hardback or larger paperback version.
B003Y8YXFS|5.0|John Lennon was a talented songwriter with the Beatles, but Yoko Ono brought out the love of life in him and it reflected in his later music. I cannot allow myself to imagine what the world would have been like had John Lennon not been in it. He was peace, love and music, personified.
031603438X|4.0|Very good read.  I imagine that even non-Stones fans will enjoy this book.  Though the book takes awhile to get started -- I thought the early part of his life could have been trimmed a bit -- once it gets going it's great.  In fact once the Rolling Stones got together and became popular I almost wished the book was a multi-volume set, because there was really too much ground to cover!    A couple of things struck me.  One, how young he was during the Stones heydey.  At 22 he became world-wide famous, and he was still a very young kid during the Redlands bust and the recording of Exile.  At one point he was talking about his 40th birthday party (in 1983) and I was thinking, man, all this happened before he even turned 40?!?  Two, was just normal stuff.  Spending time in his library in Connecticut listening to Mozart.  Walking through the woods.  Being nervous about meeting his dad for the first time in years.  Things you wouldn't necessarily associate with a rock god with a track record like his.  The wrapping-up chapters are beautiful, that after all that he's settled into this (relatively) peaceful life.      By the way, the Jagger-bashing was overblown in the media -- it's a few pages here & there, but by no means is it the main focus of the book.  And it's clear they are going to be brothers until the end.
B004AKCME8|5.0|Took my grandchildren to see this at the theater. We all enjoyed the movie. It has a wonderful story and amazing special effects. I highly reccomend this movie for the whole family to watch.
B0024FA9IM|5.0|Just wanted to say that the blu-ray version of this movie is beautiful. Super crisp and clear, rich picture with stellar sound. What a treat. Even though it was made in 1998, (except for the animated 'Blarp'), it looks like it could have been made in the last 5 years. Thanks for a great transfer, Warner!
B000A0GXGA|5.0|I am pleased to add this sample of Maverick to my collection of TV Westerns.  A word of caution though for those of you attracted by other web sites offering a full collection  of Maverick or Lawman, for I have been down that path and seen 20 or more DVD reduced to 2 or 3,  the others placed in the rubbish bin as unplayable.  So beware the rubbish coming from China, though I now possess 3 DVD of Lawman so I suppose that is something,someone in China made a mistake and made a few watchable episodes, the same goes with Maverick.  A website such as tvwarehouse.com need to be avoided to save yourself pain, though I know it is difficult  to go without, I was bitten twice.
B004APVI1G|5.0|My wife and I really enjoyed this movie. It's a great movie for the grand kids or the kid in all of us. I think it delivers a message.
B003Q6D25K|4.0|For me, this was much more intersting to watch (less boring) than the first film.  Plus - this is one of the best prequels I have ever seen. It's worth a watch especially if you like the first one.
B004EQAVHI|4.0|Like the 1985 Terry Gilliam film Brazil, Mark Romanek's Never Let Me Go borrows its title from a sickly sweet nostalgic song. And, like Gilliam's Brazil, Romanek's Never Let Me Go is an act of nostalgia itself; Gilliam's film is nostalgic for the 1940's & Romanek's film is nostalgic for the 1970's. Both directors explore/re-visit cultural terrain that is familiar to them & that they are fond of, but they also use the time period that they are nostalgic for to track the beginnings of current trends.<br /><br />Both films invite us to think about a world that is becoming more & more controlled by an overly bureaucratized state & an omnipresent commercial media & for both filmmakers the result of this state of things is that life feels less & less authentic & less & less real.<br /><br />But there the comparisons end & each film explores these themes in highly distinctive ways. Brazil belongs to a tradition that include both the Kafka-esque & the Monty Python-esque. Never Let Me Go belongs to a slightly older tradition that includes the Victorian novel & theatre (both of which explore the psychic affects of an oppressive social order--an order where a working class majority serves an aristocratic minority).<br /><br />Brazil is a manic & quirky cult classic; Never Let Me Go, with its young stars & lush cinematography, is much more aesthetically pleasing (as many period films are) & in many ways more conventional than Brazil, but its fascinating to view these two films that deal with such similar content in such unique ways together.
B002VX3RCW|5.0|My baby is only 6 weeks old.  Finding toys that catch her interest is hard.  She loves this thing! it is easy for her to grab onto and she likes the noises it makes.  I love it because it is adorable.  The little ring open easy enough to attach to her Pack and Play and her car seat.  Great product.
B002ZG97EC|3.0|I really enjoy animated movies.  This was a OK but not a great movie.  I would rent it first if you are considering to purchase this for you own use.
B000VNMMQG|5.0|MUST SEE MOVIE IF YOU LIKE HISTORY AND WOULD LIKE TO SEE HOW ONE PERSON CAN MAKE A CHANGE FOR GOOD IN THE WORLD.
1427207283|5.0|I purchased this book & CD for my 2 yr. old granddaughter. She absolutely loves it and insists that her Mommy or Daddy read it to her several times a day. They have read the book so many times that she can recite the verses after \\"Polar Bear, Polar Bear what do you hear.\\"  I highly recommend this book.
031603438X|1.0|\\"Life\\"? I wish I had the few hours of my life back that it took to read this book. It should be called \\"Justifications Of A Junkie\\". Like every other junkie who ever lived, Keith is full of excuses and justifications for a life of excess. You would think at least it would be interesting. It's not. Keith considers himself a bad ass when he is really a spoiled rock star with a bad temper. I really can't believe anyone could give this book a high rating. Even if you are the most avid of Rolling Stones fan. In which I am. I love the Stones. I wish I would have never read the book.
B0002F6AH0|5.0|Superb, in so many ways.  It explains the events that lead up to World War II.  It then goes on to cover every theater of the conflict.  The narration by Sir Laurence Olivier is just right.  It really is a brilliant piece of work.  The first hand eye witness accounts from so many fascinating people are simply riveting to hear.      There's so many stories told by so many people.  I remember one lady saying that she told her husband about when she was standing in line to buy food and she happened to mention that she's heard that they were making soap out of the Jews.   Her husband became very concerned and said to her ... My darling, when you're dealing with snakes you don't tread on their tail.  That will simply annoy them, then they will turn around and bite YOU.  No no my darling ... When you are dealing with snakes you MUST to go for the head !  And he's perfectly correct.    The captain of a cargo ship torpedoed in the Atlantic tell his harrowing story about how they were in a life boat for a week or more.      Admiral Doenitz having served years in prison after the war is interviewed and explains how he go the idea for the U-Boat Wolfpacks    American Generals are interviewed.  A Japanese War Cabinet Civil Servant is interviewed and tells what went on.    And of course Trudl Young, Hitler's secretary's also interviewed. She tells a lot about the mood in the Bunker in Berlin, during the final days before the end of the war.    Yes, this is truly amazing stuff.      Another superb DVD Box Set is the Winston Churchill - The Wilderness Years [[ASIN:B0007TV64S Winston Churchill: The Wilderness Years 1929 - 1939]]  This will give you an amazing insight into how Winston stood up for what he believed was right for ten years.    Oh, and before I finish, there's a new book, called  Good and Evil  [[ASIN:1453839631 Good and Evil]] that explains how Adolf Hitler gained power.  He used the same sort of tactics and methods that many previous dictators used throughout history.  And the same tactics are still being used today by new dictators and mafia types.       You'll suddenly realize how the little man in the street has been continually used and abused over and over throughout the centuries ..... and this abuse is still happening today.  Oh and there's a free MP3 download with this book from   goodandevil777.com
B000OZ0NXA|1.0|Sorry everybody but I have a problem with this plot.   If any employee of any U.S. Government law enforcement agency was murdered the Feds would be all over it like white on rice.   No local cops or civilian would be investigating WITHOUT the Feds taking the lead PERIOD.
B000002ARV|5.0|This is a must and yes johnny can rock with or without rick derringer theres some great choppy guitar licks on this album
B000DWMN2S|4.0|I enjoy everything about this movie....the actors, the humor, the characterizations,and the way it is interwoven with the seriousness of the history behind the story.
B003UESJH4|5.0|I'll admit the hype surrounding a film can make it intimidating to want to watch. 'The King's Speech' like 'The Social Network' has been generating so much buzz it's almost silly. Thankfully, like 'The Social Network' 'The King's Speech' is more than worthy of it's praise and while some might disagree with it being called the BEST film it's easily my favorite from 2010.<br /><br />The King's Speech takes place in England in the years before WWII. These are the days before TV where public speaking on the radio was necessary and Prince Albert has an impediment which causes his voice to stammer. Albert's wife, Elizabeth takes him to see Australian speech-expert Lionel Logue who's also trying to make it as an amateur actor. The film focuses both on the relationships between Prince Albert and his family and his friendship with Lionel. Albert soon becomes King George VI and must be prepared to speak to his country before going to war with Germany. The film is very well paced and carries a very warm-hearted tone with some minor political and family situations and even welcome (and surprising) moments of humor.<br /><br />The cast really couldn't be better. Colin Firth is a wonderful actor and really makes us care about Prince Albert (or 'Bertie') and his family. Geoffrey Rush is fantastic as Lionel Logue and his moments with Bertie are both energetic, touching, and drop-dead hilarious! Helena Bonham-Carter is just as wonderful and couldn't have been better cast as the Duchess of York (and then Queen). Michael Gambon appears briefly but memorably as George V and the usually comedic Timothy Spall is surprisingly effective as Winston Churchill. Like Colin Firth, Guy Pearce doesn't bear much physical resemblance to his character: Edward VIII and his characterization along with that of his mistress may seem a bit shallow but they suit the film well.<br /><br />'The King's Speech' is far from a perfect film. It can be slow at times and it makes a lot of the same points on more than one occasion. However the movie is so entertaining and has so much emotion resonating from it that by the end I honestly didn't care about it's short-comings. It's a wonderful film and despite it's \\"R\\" rating is more than appropriate for the PG-13 crowd (there are a few BRIEF instances of the \\"F\\" word but none of it in exploitive or sexual context). This one's a winner and not to be missed!er the movie is so entertaining and has so much emotion resonating from it that by the end I honestly didn't care about it's short-comings. It's a wonderful film and despite it's \\"R\\" rating is more than appropriate for the PG-13 crowd (there are a few BRIEF instances of the \\"F\\" word but none of it in exploitive or sexual context). This one's a winner and not to be missed!
0307387178|4.0|An interesting book, about an interesting young man, born 150 or so years after his time. One can easily picture Chris McCandless as one of the men on Lewis and Clark's expedition in search of an overland water route. When the party grew near to settled country on their return, they had by then learned to survive and refit from what they found in the wild, and a few of the men turned right around before they reached the city to join other expeditions headed back west. Mainstream life has lost all its appeal to them by then.     It seems clear that this was McCandless' situation - after several years of intermittent 'tramping', it seemed like he developed a false sense of his knowledge and his capabilities, and just decided to 'go for it'. Life back home or even on the rural farm where he intermittently worked had lost its 'belonging' for him.     Krakauer does his typical exhaustive job in retracing McCandless' steps, his origin, and some of the seminal events that shaped his worldview, but also in typical style, a bit more of Krakauer himself leaks into the narrative than seems necessary. Krakauer is a sympathetic author here, as he was in 'Into Thin Air', but at least in that account, he was a first-person participant in those events. It's a good read, but even as Krakauer seeks to understand McCandless' motivations, he seems eager to explore his own. Me too.
B000SFJWLU|5.0|This is the metal group you have ben searching for. Sample a track and prepare for sonic destruction. Buy this cd and you will not be disappointed. Best group since Judas priest.
0307594777|4.0|Reading this trilogy was great fun, and I'm eternally glad that I waited till all three were published before I started, as I would not have enjoyed waiting for the story to resume! Yeah, it's a bit trashy and titillating, particularly the first book, but the characters are really interesting, and Larsson gets better as he goes. Interesting that the original title (Men Who Hate Women) was so different than the title the English language publisher settled on - themes of misogyny are strong throughout all three books and Larsson clearly wanted it stated up front with his choice of title. It's almost like he finished writing it, re-read it and decided that we might not get it otherwise. Did the English language publisher have more faith in our ability to read between the lines? Or did they just want to sell more books? :-)    There's a certain 'Kill Bill' horribleness to the serial violence that Lizbeth is repeatedly subjected to that gets a bit numbing, and yet her indomitable will to survive and to not be defined by it seems like an expression of Larsson's own faith in the resilience of the human spirit.     Given that one of the central characters of the books is a Swedish writer/journalist and of course the books were written by a Swedish writer/journalist, I'll always be curious how much of Larsson's sense of himself leaked into the characterization.     This was enjoyable pulp fiction, with a couple of redeeming themes, and an unfamiliar cultural setting that made it more interesting. As I began, great fun!
B003ZK58WM|4.0|\\"Fall of Giants\\" can have all the typical descriptors attached to it - epic, gripping, and massive are just a few that come to mind.  This is the first in the promised \\"Century Trilogy\\" by Ken Follett and based upon my experience with the novel, I will be reading the next two when they come out.  Weighing in at a hefty 985 pages, this is a book that is an \\"event\\" for the reader not just a pleasant way to past a few hours.<br /><br />Spanning the time period leading up to World War I, the war itself, and just a bit of the time after that, this is a history lesson as well as a good read.  I selected this for my book group to read for this month and there was more than one comment (including from me) about how lacking our understanding of that period in history was and how much we enjoyed the lessons given.  While fiction, Ken Follett is known for massive amounts of research and a commitment to staying true to the period.  The reader is privy to the historical events as they are viewed from multiple characters/families spanning the globe.  Russian nobility and peasants, German aristocracy, American industrialists are just a few of the people we see moving through these pages and how their backgrounds influence their view of the unfolding hostilities.  Another theme running throughout is the rise of the suffragette movement in Britain and why people were motivated to support it (or not).<br /><br />I absolutely adored \\"Pillars of the Earth\\" but haven't read any of Ken Follett's more recent efforts until now.  I really liked this book, but didn't fall in love with it the way I did Pillars.  Even though it is a huge book, there were times when I felt character development was overshadowed by historical information and I struggled a bit with why some of the characters behaved the way they did.  I also had a bit of a hard time swallowing how some characters managed to be in the exact right position at the exact right time to more the story along.  Even though I thought there was room for improvement, it was well worth the time investment required to read this novel.<br /><br />Bottom line:  I will be recommending this to friends who enjoy historical fiction and am awaiting the next publication so I can dive back into Ken Follett's world.improvement, it was well worth the time investment required to read this novel.    Bottom line:  I will be recommending this to friends who enjoy historical fiction and am awaiting the next publication so I can dive back into Ken Follett's world.
B002N5N5M0|5.0|If you're just getting into Dexter like I am, you'll love the 4th season.  John Lithgow's character is great and the whole story line with how Dex deals with marriage and family while taking care of the dark passenger is one of my favorites.  This show is so well written, with twist and turns all over the place.
0887431461|5.0|This is just wonderful for the price....my 4 year old grand-daughter will be more than ready to start kindergarten after going thru these pages.
B003ZWTGKU|5.0|I ordered this DVD right before Xmas and I was worried about getting it, but the order was processed right away and it arrived in plenty of time.  I am very pleased with the service.
030746363X|5.0|I've only started reading this recently and working my way through so haven't read it all but what I've read so far has been amazing and powerful stuff.  I'm going to put into practice some of the things written and see how the weight loss goes.  It can be scientific if you want it to but it's written in a way that you can skip the bits that don't apply, you are warned by symbols if the reading is too technical so you can skip it.    I'd recommend it and I'm looking forward to getting through to the end and completing it.    Tim Ferriss has put his body through some remarkable tests and feats and it's the kind of book you pick it up thinking I'll read a bit but you can't put it down - only bed and work has been stopping me from continuing.    What he writes makes sense and the foods he recommends to eat are common every day foods so I don't think it's hard to follow.    I'd be interested to hear how other people view this book and Tim.
B001VNB54A|4.0|Excellent mini series.  Reminded me of Bank of Brothers.  We thoughly enjoyed the series.  Would highly recommend for Adults.  Inappropriate for youngsters due to the sex scenes.  Other than that GREAT!
B000FC2L1E|5.0|I'm reading the entire Outlander series and find it to be both a learning experience and very enjoyable. Diana Gabaldon is a terrific writer, in my opinion, weaving a compelling storyline with historical information.  I recommend starting from the beginning and working through the entire series - you'll probably be somewhat baffled if you just pick up one of the later books without having the background to build upon.  And I also recommend the author's Outlandish Companion for the first few books. It's a handbook of sorts, offering synopses of the first three books and a most helpful glossary of terms.  I loved Voyager.
030745455X|2.0|Exit bizarre girl with Asperger's Syndrome who is a likable eccentric. Enter the most bionic force of nature ever born. Salander is such a physical prodigy that as a teenager with no training she walks into a gym and has far superior hand speed, timing, footwork, and ability to take angles than a professional boxer. Seriously. This is in the book. Her fighting prowess is not limited to her hands either. One kick from Salander crushes bones and shatters teeth. Never mind that she is the size of a 9 year old. In this book she dispatches bad guys with a vengeance Van Damme would envy.<br /><br />Salander is also the most street smart, savvy master of disguise born. The Mission Impossible people have nothing on Salander. Gone is the awkward social ineptness. \\"In\\" is a woman who walks in a room as one person and out somebody completely different and nobody is ever the wiser.<br /><br />She's also the most gifted mathematician - ever - born. I know she's too cool for school, literally and figuratively. In this book Salander has brain superpowers. And did I mention how sexually attractive she was? Whether it is a lesbian professional kickboxer of 30, a 45 year old ladies man, or basically anybody who is near her; Salander's sexual wiles drive even the prudish crazy. Did I mention she's worth hundreds of millions?<br /><br />So in a nutshell Salander is now:<br />1) The. greatest. fighter. ever.<br />2) The. sexiest. woman. ever.<br />3) The. smartest. person. ever.<br />4) The. most. street. smart. ever.<br />5) Extremely rich.<br /><br />If Clint Eastwood, Albert Einstein, The Terminator, and Keyser S&ouml;ze had a baby it's name would be Salander.<br /><br />I was so disappointed by this silly book.
B004INJOQG|5.0|Love the show!  Great cast ensemble, great tension between Beckett and Castle and fun story plots.  Father-daughter relationship is one of the best I've seen in a TV series.  I liked Nathan Fillion when he was starring in Firefly and Serenity.  In one espisode Castle dresses up in his Firefly garb and the tongue and cheek jokes start to roll.  Great show!
B001IBIHQ4|4.0|I gave this as a gift to three people this year, all of whom had read the book. It was well-received by all, but the one reservation my husband reported having was that he missed one of the plot threads integral to the book. Obviously a miniseries or movie based on a text will have differences--glaring or otherwise, and it's the prerogative of the filmmakers to change elements of the written version in the interest of visual effect. Not a new concept. Anyway, I would recommend viewing before buying, if possible (?), especially if you are a fan of the book. My husband, father, and father-in-law (the recipients of this gift) are all American history teachers, and they did like this miniseries, though they agree that nothing holds a candle to \\"Band of Brothers.\\"
B000W91RUG|5.0|We became serious fans in Season 3, so we had some catching up to do! Bought the dvd for my husband to take on a winter getaway....we ended up watching the entire thing!!! Absolutely hilarious.....genius writers. You will quickly become a fan of how it all began! :D
B002ZG974M|5.0|Video unplayable in Australia because Amazon haven't had regard for the region from where it is being purchased. Only playable in USA or on a computer five times. Such a shame as it is a great documentary.
B000Y7U98W|1.0|Great movie is wasted. T Here is NO way to turn off the totally irritating commentary picture in picture. have never seen this before on any DVD or bluray Sat down to watch the disk and thought I had screwed up until I did a ggogle search and everyone has this issue!
B004BC7MRM|5.0|I purchased a lot music in 2010 and this album ( Born Free ) was the best album of all of them. I listen to it about every day and am amazed at how every song is a pleasure to listen to. Great Job Kid Rock.
1593078684|4.0|I was hoping to see more Final Fantasy 6 artwork but this book seems to only cover Final Fantasy 1 through 4. It contains lots of beautiful artwork though. A lot of which I have never seen before. I definitely don't regret buying it.
1582701709|3.0|Before I go on any further, I want to say this: While I'm not going to (totally) bash The Secret like some of the reviewers on Amazon, I'm not a firm \\"flag waving\\" supporter of it either. That being said, it seems (at least with people I know) that there are alot of people who bash the Secret and the Law of Attraction in general without ever taking the time to read it. This, of course, is not just exclusive to The Secret, but other products as well. They just go by what little information they get from people they know (usually bias) and then they form their own opinions based on that bias. For me, personally: I did read actually read the book and the following review is based on my personal opinion and what I read:<br /><br />Without going into the nitty gritty details (for that would be almost like writing another book in and of itself), I do want to say that alot of the things about the Secret, although they may be true and correct (if not common sense), are vague, difficult to understand and sometimes borders on mysticism/metaphysics. An example is when she talks about \\"inspired action\\" (see, told ya I actually read the book). I was like, \\"OK, well, taking action or `inspired action' makes perfect sense.\\". I wanted to know more about what inspired action is (although I had a clue based on my experience with self help and goal setting).<br /><br />She then goes on to talk about how \\"inspired action\\" is about receiving and having fun. I was like, \\"OK... I still want to know what inspired action is.\\". No further explanation as to what exactly it is or how it works. Then again, according to the author, we don't need to know how it works. Just that it does work. OK (shrug shoulders). Moving on.<br /><br />Alot of what the author mentions in the book I also got from reading other books about goal setting. For instance... she talks about writing your intentions and writing in the present tense (e.g.: I have a million dollars in the bank or I weigh 120ibs). This is something many goal setting books talk about. Not just hers. She just phrases it differently. I'm not sure whether the author got it from reading the same goal setting books I did, or the other authors got it from her or whether there's this huge conspiracy in the self-help industry to brainwash the entire world population into mindless puppets (or, in some cases, even MORE mindless than what they already are). OK... moving on.<br /><br />There are some nice \\"surprises\\" in the book, though. For example: she doesn't (totally) belittle modern medicine and even mentions on page 126 how medicine can help. As a former full-time pharmacist, I can relate to that. Jump to page 128. Two pages later, she quotes someone saying how the power of right thinking can cure any disease. Really? ANY??? What about that talk about modern medicine two pages ago? Hmmm... Sounds contradictory to me. Either that, or the author is suffering from short-term memory loss and needs some... uh... medication (sorry... bad joke).<br /><br />So, anyway, this book is quite general, filled with quotes from various people who contributed to this book. It also includes examples from her life and others that reinforce the teachings of this book. This isn't necessarily bad (like I said... some of these things actually make sense) and in in some of these cases, she's acting more like a cheerleader.<br /><br />Here's the thing I want to say about the book and it's teachings: First off: I'm NOT going to take sides. Like I said, there are good things and there are... well... things I don't necessarily agree with. That's a personal opinion (or, more specifically, my personal opinion). Likewise, whether or not you like it, not like it, whether you give it five stars, one star, negative one star, blow it out of the stars, whether you believe in the Law of Attraction, the Law of Love (yes, it's the same as the Law of Attraction), Laws of Physics, Murphy's Law, Federal Law, Law and Order... whatever... this book has HELPED people. In some cases, this book has helped people IMMENSELY. Likewise, there are people who I'm sure has followed this book to the letter and it has proven to be a TOTAL WASTE of twenty-three bucks (or whatever they paid for it).<br /><br />You DON'T need to read this book to achieve success. That's right. You could achieve just as much success and happiness WITHOUT reading a single darn thing in this book as the people who actually contributed (in some cases, you might actually achieve MORE). As a matter of fact, on page 179 of this book, a contributer mentions that if reading this book doesn't feel good to you, then LET IT GO. Find something that feels good, that resonates with your heart (I'm sorry... did I mention that I did read this book?). In other words: If you're NOT achieving success with this book, it DOES NOT (I repeat: does NOT) mean you'll never achieve success. Not agreeing (or liking) this book just means that your success story most likely won't be included should she decide to come out with... oh, I don't know... \\"The Secret II\\" or \\"The Secret Sequel\\" or whatever (it may have already come out by the time you read this review).<br /><br />We all deserve success and happiness. It's something pretty much all of us want at some level and I'm sure most everyone will agree with me on this. You may find it in this book and you may not. If you find it in this book, great. If not, instead of complaining and hating those who did find it, go read another book or follow another self-help guru and find it there, or find it in God or... heck... come up with a method yourself. Believe it or not, most of the principles in self-help are not difficult to come up with.<br /><br />Whatever you do, keep persisting until you find what you want, and I don't think there's a single self-help coach, life coach or Law of Attraction coach who would disagree with me here.ed people IMMENSELY. Likewise, there are people who I'm sure has followed this book to the letter and it has proven to be a TOTAL WASTE of twenty-three bucks (or whatever they paid for it).    You DON'T need to read this book to achieve success. That's right. You could achieve just as much success and happiness WITHOUT reading a single darn thing in this book as the people who actually contributed (in some cases, you might actually achieve MORE). As a matter of fact, on page 179 of this book, a contributer mentions that if reading this book doesn't feel good to you, then LET IT GO. Find something that feels good, that resonates with your heart (I'm sorry... did I mention that I did read this book?). In other words: If you're NOT achieving success with this book, it DOES NOT (I repeat: does NOT) mean you'll never achieve success. Not agreeing (or liking) this book just means that your success story most likely won't be included should she decide to come out with... oh, I don't know... \\"The Secret II\\" or \\"The Secret Sequel\\" or whatever (it may have already come out by the time you read this review).    We all deserve success and happiness. It's something pretty much all of us want at some level and I'm sure most everyone will agree with me on this. You may find it in this book and you may not. If you find it in this book, great. If not, instead of complaining and hating those who did find it, go read another book or follow another self-help guru and find it there, or find it in God or... heck... come up with a method yourself. Believe it or not, most of the principles in self-help are not difficult to come up with.    Whatever you do, keep persisting until you find what you want, and I don't think there's a single self-help coach, life coach or Law of Attraction coach who would disagree with me here.
B000O8OTNC|5.0|Perfect for the backpack. This won't be a primary sharpener, it's for touch up only... but it is outstanding to have on hand when carrying a stone and honing oil is impractical.
B002ZG980U|4.0|Last night I saw \\"Inception\\" for the first time. I know, I'm a little late to this party, but with everybody else and their brother giving this movie amazing reviews, I figured why rush to see it? What is one more review of what is clearly the greatest movie of the year?    I now feel more than a little let down by Christopher Nolan's latest piece.    Now, don't get me wrong. \\"Inception\\" was good. Very good, in fact. I highly recommend buying it! While no movie can ever hope to live up to the hype that \\"Inception\\" garnered from the public, though, this one left a particularly bad taste in my mouth given the people and press behind it.    Nolan is most recently known for his blockbuster films \\"Batman Begins\\" and \\"The Dark Knight,\\" gritty and over the top comic book films which provided fanboy and casual moviegoers alike with one hell of a fun joyride, and provides the fanboys with the added bonus of years worth of material to bitch about online. And let's not forget the nightmare fodder that was the late Heath Ledger's re-imagined portrayal of the Joker in the latter film. Even before these films made him a household name, Nolan made \\"Memento,\\" a cult film starring Guy Pierce along with Carrie-Anne Moss and Joe Pantoliano, fresh off the first \\"Matrix\\" movie.    \\"Memento\\" has flown under the radar of most movie watchers since its release in 2000, but is loved by many who have seen it for the very simple, clean, and efficient way it tells the story of Leonard, a man searching for his wife's killer, but who has anterograde amnesia and cannot form new memories. The viewer shares in Leonard's confusion and frustration throughout the story, which is told by showing the scenes in reverse order so the first scene of the movie is the last scene of the story, and the last scene of the movie is the very beginning of the tale. It is a mind-bogglingly simple technique which brings what would have been a good-but-boring character piece and makes it engrossing.    This is a director who knows how to make a movie. We also have a cast which includes the likes of Leonardo DiCaprio, Ken Watanabe, Joseph Gordon-Levitt, and Pete Postlethwaite - all very good or great actors in their own rights. The visuals are awesome in the true sense of the word.    \\"Inception\\" is the story of Cobb (DiCaprio), a thief who enters the subconscious dreams of his targets in order to extract their deepest secrets. Cobb is the best extractor in the world. He is hired by powerful businessman Saito (Watanabe), a previous mark of his, to go into the mind of a rival, Robert Fischer (Cillian Murphy) and plant the concept in his subconscious to dissolve the rival company. Cobb sees it as his last big go at it and his chance to return home to the children he has not seen in years and has only heard the voices of on the phone. The difference is that while extraction of a secret is routine for Cobb, the implanting of an idea, inception, is thought to be impossible, but Cobb and his team are good enough to do it.    How awesome is that?!    The problem is that if you fully divorce the movie from the special effects, it is a fascinating and intriguing plot idea, but ultimately a weak story in execution. The quick cuts, the pacing, and the visuals were all expertly done and did a good job of distracting from that and made the movie, as I said, very very good, but Cobb's kids are Macguffins in the most exploitative sense and leave you with the feeling that they are included simply because...uh... None of the characters are developed beyond one-dimensional charactures, and this is despite a painful amount of effort to force DiCaprio's character into a developmental arc with the kids and dead wife.    To add to the weakness of the story, the ending as a nice touch, but as a character, Cobb was so unsympathetic and undeveloped beyond the desire to get back to his kids that...I don't care. I actually cared more about the Fischer, the antagonist and person whose dreams they were invading, more than any of the main characters because they actually develop Fischer as a whole person with personality, wants, likes, and dislikes.    The writing was average for a blockbuster film (which is to say well done but unremarkable) and relied heavily on the visuals to prop it up. Yes, film is a visual medium and so the dialogue and visual SHOULD work hand in hand, but using one as a crutch for the other is a pet peeve of mine. In \\"Memento,\\" both were simple and very well done. \\"Dark Knight,\\" both were heavily complex and layered, but well done. \\"Batman Begins\\" had straight forward dialogue, but the visuals brought the story up to another level (I am purposefully ignoring the annoying training montage). This...this didn't use visuals to raise the story, but to support it.    Even the visuals, I feel, were smacking me upside the head. In a dreamscape, one would expect a little more subtlety than dramatic shifts in gravity and paradoxical staircases. I really feel like Nolan missed some beautiful opportunities to have visual cues which were just slightly off, hitting that subconscious chord that puts the viewer off balance and lets them really feel they are in a dream.    Cobb describes an architect's job in the dream as setting up the general layout and allowing the dreamer's subconscious fill in the details. I can't help but feel that is what Nolan did with this film, and it feels cheap. \\"Lord of the Rings\\" and \\"Avatar\\" proved that there is a massive market for a movie if you want to stretch it out longer than even the 148 minute running time of \\"Inception,\\" but even with that constraint, better use of characterization would have taken this from a very very good blockbuster and elevated it into the arena of very very good movie.    In the end, \\"Inception\\" is a fun, fascinating, beautiful, and ambitious project that renews my faith that Hollywood can indeed make original and creative material. Well worth a watch and a purchase, but not worth the worship at the altar of Nolan.
B001NERPHS|5.0|I was surprised by how many of the songs included girl's names. I expected the sound quality to be poor, but all in all, it's a great blend of Dylan and The Band. As per shipping, the CDs arrived whole, well and in good shape; however, I was given the wrong tracking number, and not only was I unable to follow it's progress (just before Christmas), I had no idea when it was coming. If this was corrected, I'd certainly buy from this dealer again.
B003UESJ9M|5.0|There is nothing not to like, compelling story line, excellent acting and phenomenal music!  I was expecting to like this movie but I LOVE IT!  You get very into the characters and the songs are outstanding.  I will be purchasing this as soon as it comes out and I am pretty picky about movies.
B000ATQYT2|5.0|My VHS of this movie finally gave out last year.  I couldn't find it on my usual 'go to' sites.  This is my favorite version of A Christmas Carol.
030746363X|4.0|Mr. Farriss has a thinking style that allows him to escape traditional limitations.  In this book this process is applied to the physical and such thinking and actions can produce extraordinary results.  The ideas are backed by his experience and his personal results.  Warning: To get similiar results will take actually implementing the ideas and effort.
B0042JTDXK|5.0|I fell in love with Josh Groban the first time I saw and heard him.  He just gets better with each album.  The first time through it I was diappointed, don't know why now.  Now, it's all I listen to.  He is truly a gift from God.
B002NEFL8W|2.0|The new Canon 7D DSLR is advertised to be weatherproof to more or less the same standard as the 1D series cameras.  I must say that I am very pleased with this camera in general and its weather protection seems to be excellent.  Indeed I have taken my 7D out into rainy, windy, cold weather and used it all day without protection from the elements.<br /><br />Unfortunately I cannot say the same for the Cannon battery grip BG-E7.<br /><br />I purchased a Canon BG-E7 for my new 7D and without much thought about it, I expected the same kind of weather protection as the 7D itself.  No!<br /><br />I found that the BG-E7 and my 7D to which it was mated quit working after just a couple of hours outside in wind and rain.  I removed the BG-E7 and dropped a battery directly into the 7D and like the proverbial Timex watch, the 7D kept on ticking despite the rain and wind.<br /><br />The BG-E7?  It still does not work.  I'm going to send my BG-E7 in for 'repair'... but since the basic design of the BG-E7 to 7D physical interface seems to be lacking in sealing, without a redesign of the BG-E7, I doubt if there is anything that can be done to fix the BG-E7 so that it can be used outside in severe weather.  We'll see...<br /><br />My advice?  If you are planning to be active with your 7D photographing outside in bad weather do not use the Canon BG-E7 battery grip!
B003JTHETY|5.0|I've been a huge Maiden fan since 1981.  This is the best album since either Powerslave or Somewhere in Time - not sure which.  It is excellent!!  I've listened to it dozens and dozens of times and will listen to it many times more.  And I can't necessarily say that about the last three albums.  I can't get the songs out of my head - and that's a good sign it is an excellent album!!
1594202842|5.0|While Amy does seem to go a bit far in her parenting style in a few areas, Americans understand that the vast majority of the book is DEAD ON (sorry, but Tuscon will not affect how I choose to communicate) and that they have been sold down the river by all the New-Age geniuses, starting with the Baby Boom generation.  It HURTS and one can tell by their defensive reactions to things like telling a kid she's garbage, when she's actually acting like garbage.  My kid has been called much worse than that by me - on many occasions, and he's about to finish his Mechanical Engineering and Math degrees in May...roughly a year before he's allowed to vote.  And guess what - he's really proud of himself, as are myself and his Chinese mother.  Hopefully with this book being Number 6 at Amazon, enough parents will read it and figure out that this child-centered, self-esteem garbage, being shoved down our throats (mostly by people that never had kids) is a scam.
B003HLM2QO|5.0|I am a huge Ozzy fan from way back.  I love this \\"record\\".  It is his best work since \\"No More Tears\\".  The production and playing are excellent.  The songs are great.  I've listened to it dozens and dozens of times - and that is the best characteristic of any excellent album.
0316098337|5.0|This book was absolutely amazing. After reading The Confession; I was hesitant to start another right away simply because The Confession was so good. Room was even better; a real page turner. I read the entire book in 2 days (only because work and school got in the way :) ).
B004856SQ8|5.0|He loved it, I liked it. But i never watched the old shows of the A-team. Action packed, decent plot and Jessica Beil acts better then expected.
B0000AQS0F|5.0|I have not seen the DVDs, I've been watching it on Netflix streaming. It's hard to believe that this Sci-Fi Western was taken off after one season by some moron at Fox. Well written scripts that keep you on the edge of your seat as the ship and crew get into all sorts of mischief. Strong, charismatic, characters that you fall in love with, and a Captain who is as tough as nails but has a soft spot; a true leader that everyone on his crew looks up to. Highly entertaining, mixing comedy, suspense, and drama. TV doesn't get any better than this.
B003DZX44I|5.0|very nicely done in blu-ray. beautiful, bold colors. clear dialog and music. Blu-ray makes it even easier to watch again and again!
1556438850|5.0|Really a well-written and comprehensive book. Definitely recommend it for anyone interested in learning yoga, improving their practice or teaching yoga.
B001801QAO|5.0|This was a gift for a young adult.  She is an avid reader.  She is always thrilled to received books. She rated this, \\"a wonderful read\\"
B003O86FMW|5.0|one of the best sequals ever.  I read this in a few hours couldnt get enough.  It isamazing how into the character you really get.
B000O8OTNC|4.0|The Smith's Pocket Pal is something I had been wanting to try for a while. Wal-Mart and Academy(local sports chain) are always sold out of this item. I purchased the Pocket Pal at the same time I bought another knife. After trying this sharpener on six knives I realize that for me the best results were found when using it on higher quality knives. I have a few cheap knives that were fairly dull. After using this on them their sharpness was only marginally improved. However, when I used this in my Ka-Bar and my SOG Flash II daily carry knife, I found that their edges were brought back to life. Both knives were cutting again like champs. The SOG knife has a partially serrated blade so the conical diamond file provided on the Smith's Pocket Pal was very useful for that.    As for ease of use, I found that this was much easier to handle with smaller knives. With longer and thicker blades the Pocket Pal was hard to hold onto given the small amount of space you have to grab onto it with. There is just enough space for your thumb and index finger. That being said, use this with dry hands on a hard flat surface. Shorter and thinner blades were much easier to sharpen.    The Pocket Pal seems to be built rather well. It seems durable enough to last a few years with heavy use. Given that it was less than $10 I say that this is a bargain. I say every knife owner should give this a try. It doesn't replace my Spyderco sharpener however this goes places my Spyderco cannot. It's perfect for camping and hunting. Because of it's size I was able to throw it into my EDC bag without it adding any noticeable weight or taking up much space at all.
B002MQYOFW|5.0|this book truly was amazing.  i was a bit reluctant at first but it is so real and suzanne vollins pulls you into this book you truly fall in love with the main character and it is almost like you feel her pain and struggles.  must read
B0034G4P7G|5.0|I seen this movie after 12am, and wasn't prepared for all the dialogue.  Thought it was a good movie, will need to see it again to hear all the dialogue while more awake and attentive.  Zuckerburg's character is a monotone fast talker, so be prepared, and with all that tech talk, that's why I have to see the movie again.
1557048630|4.0|When I first saw the advertisement for this book, I started to hyperventilate. How to Train Your Dragon is by far my favorite animated movie of 2010. It just so wonderful! The only downside about this book is that it contains not enough juicy information! I wanted to know more about Berk, the dragon species etc. I was a bit disappointed that Toothless doesn't make that much of an appearance in this book, but everything else is spectacular! Definitely get it if you like to see the concept and developmental art.
B0040QYROK|5.0|For everyone's information this IS the most complete version of the movie with the additional missing footage.  The remastering looks great for really old black and white.  The inserted missing footage is not remastered, but this was impossible and I am just happy that those parts of the story are finally included in the movie.  The music is the original score and the title cards have been redone so you can actually read them.  This is a great movie and it looks really good on Blu-Ray.
1416594795|5.0|I did not buy this book to examine the evidence for evolution; I've kept up with evolutionary findings for some time. However, this book is extremely well-written, and was useful for finding things out that I didn't study (e.g. abiogenesis and embryology). This book is excellent for finding sources and further information.  However, since I did not get this book to be convinced of anything, I can only say that I would assume it does.
B0042U94UQ|5.0|Alright, I am not a movie person. I watch movies with my kids and we rented this movie not expecting a lot since the last movie we rented was Up and I was not impressed with that movie. I am glad we decided to rent this movie, Despicable Me was amusing, cute, and just fun to watch. I was very impressed with the plot and the content. Much better then I expected.
0553805371|4.0|While this book excellently explains modern physics and quantum events to the public, anyone who's kept up with recent developments in the field of cosmology has known about these things for quite some time. Because this is only a popular science book instead of something a bit more rigorous, I can only give it four out of five. I'd recommend it to people who are curious about cosmological orignis and want a good place to start.
B002BU0DPE|5.0|The px21 gaming headset is great can't say nothing bad other then they hurt my ears after playing for awhile. I had got mine last year and today they gave out.
B004529NLG|5.0|I thought I would hate this movie. It is cheesy and predictable but the 3d effects impressed me and I ended up loving it.  The producer took the time in a majority of the scenes to ensure the 3d effects were there and it was filmed with a quality camera so the effects were not too choppy.  If you want a 3d movie, this would be my #1 recommendation and so far I have purchased all of the 3d movies that have been released to date.
B0002HZLWI|5.0|These blocks are wonderful. I have 3 yr old and 15 months old. And they both love to play with the blocks. I like that the blocks are natural and come in so many different shapes. We have colored blocks (non-Haba) too but both girls never played with those. The blocks are very smooth. My 15 months old likes to build towers from different shapes and brake them. My 3 yr old is more complicated. She builds Dora house, then it becomes hospital, then tower. She also like to build roads from those blocks. I highly recommend Motley World set as addition to these blocks.  Even though it is extra-large set, it is just right for our family. I would say it just right for two toddlers or one child to explore endless possibilities of these blocks. I always was a fan of lego duplo, but I like these blocks even more.
B003PIUBZS|5.0|This series has everything for everyone(adults only please!)!!  Andy Whitfield is AWESOME as Spartacus!  Can't wait for Season 2!!!!!!!!!!!!
030746363X|4.0|Thus far no complaints.     I am a 25 year old male going about 5'8\\" around 255 pounds when I first picked up the book.  I had already made a commitment to myself to cut weight (fat) and try and live a healthier lifestyle.  A friend of mine who read Mr. Ferriss's other book, said I should give this one a look. I picked it up (at a book store that was going out of business) and began giving it a skeptical read.     I tried to look past the bravado of the cover and claims of extraordinary losses and gains. While it somewhat reminds me of a Maxim magazine article, overall it was entertaining and got my attention. I read the parts (as suggested) that most pertained to me, dieting and fat loss.  Having already committed myself to dropping weight and going to the gym all I needed was a diet I could stick to.  While the slow-carb diet prescribed in this book is far from what I had in mind, I figured something is better than nothing and who doesn't love protein.     I am about two weeks in to the diet, the exercises and my own vigorous workouts. The results..... I have lost 5 pounds.... This may not seem like a lot but I have dropped 2\\" off my waist and that equals a notch in my belt (which is always satisfying).     I gave this book a four star because I come from the world of academia and peer reviewed literature and studies are usually the most trusted. A lot of the notions in this book seem to good to be true. Every time I come across one though I just shrug my shoulders and say \\"why the hell not.\\" I sound like a crazy person to friends and family. I tell them no fruit, lots of beans, and oh yea I take cold showers.  If anything this has been a fun ride thus far and I plan on continuing for the foreseeable future.
1594202842|5.0|My Chinese American wife employs these same tactics on our children, and I am happy and proud to say that they are both successful people. My son goes to Harvard Medical School and my daughter is now a corporate lawyer.     In retrospect these tactics were harsh, but our children say that they couldn't have made it to where they are today without our pressuring. They are very grateful and love us to death.     While I agree that these tactics may not work for all people, they certainly worked for us and they worked for the many other successful Asians in this country.
B0000AQS0F|5.0|Anyone who enjoyed the Serenity movie will actually enjoy the Firefly series by Josh Whedon to an even greater extent....a must for scifi fans...
B003QCCS36|5.0|After my brief obsession with \\"New York City Is Killing Me\\" having listened to the song repeatedly, I've since moved on and found other songs throughout the cd that stand on their own.<br />It's not only a great Ray LaMontange cd, it's a great piece of music, well down, well written, and as always filled with soul. And now, groove.<br />Listen to \\"Repo Man\\" if you don't believe me.
B0018STVHQ|1.0|I was extremely disappointed in this movie. The direction was awful, and whoever wrote the screenplay should be highly ashamed of themselves. It does the book by Phillipa Greggory zero justice. The novel was wonderfully written, and I was really looking forward to seeing how the movie could portray the story. I recommend reading the book first, and perhaps even skipping the movie altogether. I believe with the right direction, production, and screenplay, this story could have been epic, for it is a partially true story, based on many recorded facts. Instead, we were served with a horrible depiction of a great novel. I DON'T RECOMMEND THIS MOVIE AT ALL!
B000RZIGVS|3.0|This is a great show and I will enjoy every disc but the case containing each disc is by far the WORSE containers I have ever seen. They are just junk. Held together by clear tape the disc started to fall apart as soon as I opened the package. Through the entire batch of disc cases in the trash and went and bought a zip up case that holds over 80 disc and at least now the disc do not fall apart. Oh and one more thing, no documention of the shows on the disc or booklet of any kind. If I had known the poor quality of this product I would not have bought. Also some the shows are of poor quality and some disc do not work on a Blue Ray Player.
B001KMB6VE|2.0|This is a good movie but, Missing parts of movie that tie things together.  Fast shipping, good quality and had security seal.
B003EYVXTG|4.0|I purchased this movie because it was produced not far from my home.  I thought it was a good movie, although rather dark.  The sound was not always consistent.  I had a hard time hearing the actors' voices at times.
030746363X|5.0|I have not read the whole book yet, but I am about one third of the way through it. I have found it very interesting and love reading it. It is hard to put down. I have been on the slow carb diet for two weeks now and have lost eight pounds. And the two Ab exercises are great. Tim did a very nice job with his experiments, and his book.
030746363X|5.0|This book is great.  It is direct and very actionable.  Cuts through the fluff of health and diet techniques.
B003ZK58WM|5.0|I have loved every one of Ken Follett's novels and was not disappointed with this one.  Just loved it.
B000002UB2|5.0|Perfect! Just like original LP.  Great for new collectors and gifts.   Good price also.  Don't know why other albums are so expensive.
B002ZG997C|5.0|Gave it as a Christmas present to my brother in law.  As of yet I have heard no adverse comments so I assume that I am perfectly satisfied with my purchase!
B000EHSVQ4|5.0|peace - if u enjoyed the theatrical, u'll LOVE the director's cut - it explains everything that didn't make sense in the theatrical and makes KoH even more FIYAH!!  Purchased a copy for myself - gave it to my brotha and plan to order and send another copy to another brotha who enjoyed the theatrical...the Queen may be the illest character in the movie...next to balian...ofaafo...
B0002YCVXI|5.0|...and Yo-Yo Ma did it - improve a set of already truly excellent film scores.  The cello adds a depth of feeling which the original instruments could not have reached, for instance, on Deborah's Theme from \\"Once Upon A Time In America.\\"  Brilliantly done !
B0002C4JE4|5.0|Not much more to say about this collection other than classic. The white album cover has always spoke snow white simplistic art to me. I've enjoyed this music in various venues: Concert halls, riding in the car, cleaning house, sitting in a cafe or restaurant, and helping to pass the time at work. I don't know anyone who wouldn't recive this as a gift and not feel loved and blessed. Fire and Rain is deep and emotional, Country Road will transport you on a familiar gravel path walking amongst the birds and trees. Walking Man is fun to sing as a lullabye. Steam Roller rocks to the 'blues' core. Carolina In My Mind weaves a sensory memory...with a holy host of others standin' 'round me, still I'm on the dark side of the moon...and it seems like it goes on like this forever...you must forgive me...if I'm up and gone to Carolina in my mind. That line is a nice reference to a verse in Hebrews describing a communion of saints. James Taylor shares musical poetry and we benefit.
1594202842|1.0|This book is a shallow attempt to ride the wave of anxiety and/or fascination that is washing over the West, no, make that the rest of the world, of the recent ascension of China by implying how the author's so-claimed \\"Chinese\\" parenting style is the key to success.<br /><br />In this book, you will read how Ms. Chua raised her two daughters in the manners reminiscent of the boot camp in the movie Full Metal Jacket while hammering home the superiority of such \\"Chinese ways.\\"  You'll read how she pushed and pushed her young daughters to practice music instruments hours each day, sometimes withholding food/toilet breaks, called them \\"garbage\\" and verbal abuses of all hues, threatened to burn their toys, disparaged manual laborers who work with hands for a living, discouraged any social interaction with other children after school...etc. while claiming all that to be perfectly Chinese.  Well, as a native Chinese Mandarin speaker who grew up in a Chinese society until immigrating to the US during my teens, I can assure you that Ms. Chua's parenting style is far from typical among Chinese, both in the US and in East Asia.  And it's telling to read that most Asian reviewers, regardless of their ratings on this book, find it necessary to note that they weren't raised with such relentless vigor and brutality.<br /><br />I finished this book quickly not because it was good but because I could hardly believe the horror unfolding before my eyes.  Furthermore, a book that devoted 2/3 of its pages on how the two daughters were put through military-style music drills with the accompanying shouting and insults was just not that gripping for me and made for speed-reading.  It could be due my English deficiency, but as a literature, I find the writing style to be quite dry, disjointed without flow, and tried too hard to be cute at times.  And at the end of the book when Ms. Chua conceded that her extreme methods had not worked with one of her daughters, one gets the feeling that Ms. Chua walked away without any self-reflection she clearly needs.  Ms. Chua probably felt it was the \\"Chinese\\" ways that had caused the rebellion- time to move on.  This is not a book with happy ending for the readers, be forewarned.<br /><br />Either Ms. Chua commandeered the \\"Chinese\\" angle to lend credence for her extreme methods or Ms. Chua herself has serious misconceptions about the \\"Chinese ways.\\"  As a third generation Chinese whose parents grew up in Philippines and herself growing up in a western environment and later on marrying a westerner, it's not a great leap to imagine Ms. Chua's piecemeal interpretation of \\"Chinese culture\\" can be tinted by her relative isolation from it.<br /><br />In conclusion, Ms. Chua's book will shed some lights on how ultra-competitive, kill-or-be-kill overachievers whip their next generation to shape.  But as a commentary on modern Chinese vs. Western parenting, this book can't be more inaccurate and misleading.  I feel like a fool handing my money over to Ms. Chua and I'm trying to save you from the same fate.ay without any self-reflection she clearly needs.  Ms. Chua probably felt it was the \\"Chinese\\" ways that had caused the rebellion- time to move on.  This is not a book with happy ending for the readers, be forewarned.    Either Ms. Chua commandeered the \\"Chinese\\" angle to lend credence for her extreme methods or Ms. Chua herself has serious misconceptions about the \\"Chinese ways.\\"  As a third generation Chinese whose parents grew up in Philippines and herself growing up in a western environment and later on marrying a westerner, it's not a great leap to imagine Ms. Chua's piecemeal interpretation of \\"Chinese culture\\" can be tinted by her relative isolation from it.    In conclusion, Ms. Chua's book will shed some lights on how ultra-competitive, kill-or-be-kill overachievers whip their next generation to shape.  But as a commentary on modern Chinese vs. Western parenting, this book can't be more inaccurate and misleading.  I feel like a fool handing my money over to Ms. Chua and I'm trying to save you from the same fate.
B000001ES9|4.0|I came to Rush relatively late in my discovery of hard rock majesty as I was in college at the time and some friends of mine had some Rush cassettes that I borrowed on a whim. I almost immediately fell in love with their debut and for years it was my personal favorite. Through the years, `2112 and `A Farewell to Kings' and even `Fly By Night' have surpassed it but I still love `Rush'. It really is the red-headed stepchild of the catalog as it was the most straight forward heavy metal LP the band ever did and the only one not to feature master skins man and lyricist Neil Peart.  That being said, the first record does feature at least two or three songs that remained in the set list to the present day. Led Zeppelin and Black Sabbath seem to be the most prominent influences on much of the music here, naturally. \\"Working Man\\" with its long guitar break which became a showcase for Alex Lifeson and \\"Finding My Way\\" perfectly display Rush heavy rock chops. Geddy Lee's inexperience as a lyricist shows up quite a bit (\\"hey baby it's a quarter to eight\\" from \\"In the Mood\\") but nothing he should be embarrassed about over 35 years later.  \\"What You're Doing\\" is very Sabbathesque in its thundering riffage and brutal delivery.  `Rush' is very heavy for early metal and while it was idiosyncratic is terms of Rush's career it still made a mark and started a remarkable career of progressive rock genius.
B002KQ6BT6|4.0|was a very good book to read for my first one on my new Kindle. Is quite a simple read with a few good twists and turns.Looking forward to another Robert Langdon novel but really, how many more times can one guy save the world who is not even a member of the sacred Masons? LOL Enjoyed the book tho!!
030746363X|5.0|Got this book when it first came out, and enjoyed it so much that I bought extra copies for family and friends.  Much of the information can be well documented, and it is always interesting to have a first hand account.  I have used the HIT weight lifting approach and while had good results at the onset, came to a standstill and had to switch for better results.  Brooks Kubik's _Chalk and sweat_ worked after the first HIT.  As for diet, _The Warrior Diet_ and  EatStopEat_ have worked much better for me.  Still all in all, it is an enjoyable book and well worth the price.
B002JVWR9U|5.0|I'm the type of fan who uses her DVD's extensively for fanfiction, character studies and the like. Growing up with shows and books like Buffy the Vampire Slayer & Anne Rice's Vampire Chronicles, I'm well versed in the vampire genre.<br /><br />Those who are opposed to premises too much like the Twilight Saga will be weary of this series at first. Even keeping in mind that The Vampire Diaries came before Buffy and Twilight, at first glimpse, it may feel a little too much of a repeat of the same plot again and again. Personally, I've given L.J's Smiths books a try but haven't really gotten into it. Again, far too much like every other series out there (Vampire Academy, comes to mind here). The show, however, is nothing like the series. Yes, it borrows surnames and personality types but essentially, the show is it's own title.<br /><br />What makes the television series different is the complexity of the plots. Yes, there's the high school vampire trying to live a normal life by dating a fairly plain heroine but the show has layers. Ultimately, it's a show about relationships and people. Vampires are just catalysts that puts plots into motion.<br /><br />While Stefan remains the original brooding vampire (not counting Luis of Interview with the Vampire), he is his own personality. He is not a controlling boyfriend and is determined to let his love grow on her own while still being there when she needs him. That being said, Elena is different from most heroine's as well but if you've read the book series, you'll see right away that she is not the Elena Gilbert of the books. While she isn't my favorite character of the show (Caroline Forbes holds that spot.) I approve of the way she was designed. She is no Buffy but she refuses to let the love of her life take over everything about her. Even when he does. That being said, I also applaud Nina Dobrev of her skill. She really showed her talent towards the middle of the first season and later in the second.<br /><br />Even as the show holds its own stereotypical characters, it also has a multitude of original *people*. The secondary characters (Caroline Forbes, Bonnie Bennett, Matt Donavon, etc) have their own layers and issues. Their lives do not revolve around the main characters as so many shows force upon them.<br /><br />As far as the actual DVD set goes, if you're a fan of the actors you'll love the bloopers. They are hilarious and really show how much the cast has fun with the show. The picture quality is great on smaller televisions but if you want to view these on those big wall tv's you're better off getting High Def. Like wise, if you're looking for screencaps and the like, you'll also want High Def for better quality. The quality is good enough, however, that it will not take away from the viewing experience if you want to pass up on the HD.<br /><br />In the end, The Vampire Diaries is *not* another Twilight. It has it's own feel and really makes the entire cast of the town of Mystic Falls come to life. Even stock characters like Bonnie Bennett cannot rely on that label. This show isn't afraid to take risks with their characters and plots. It'll wow you again and again.reotypical characters, it also has a multitude of original *people*. The secondary characters (Caroline Forbes, Bonnie Bennett, Matt Donavon, etc) have their own layers and issues. Their lives do not revolve around the main characters as so many shows force upon them.    As far as the actual DVD set goes, if you're a fan of the actors you'll love the bloopers. They are hilarious and really show how much the cast has fun with the show. The picture quality is great on smaller televisions but if you want to view these on those big wall tv's you're better off getting High Def. Like wise, if you're looking for screencaps and the like, you'll also want High Def for better quality. The quality is good enough, however, that it will not take away from the viewing experience if you want to pass up on the HD.    In the end, The Vampire Diaries is *not* another Twilight. It has it's own feel and really makes the entire cast of the town of Mystic Falls come to life. Even stock characters like Bonnie Bennett cannot rely on that label. This show isn't afraid to take risks with their characters and plots. It'll wow you again and again.
B002KQ6BT6|1.0|Very juvenile. I'm about half way through... I'm getting old. Do I really want to spend any of my remaining time on the remainder. The clock is running.
030746363X|1.0|THIS BOOK IS TOO TOCHNICAL AND I FOUND IT RATHER BORING.  GUESS IT MAYBE OK IF YOU WERE TRYING TO DEVELOP ABS.
030746363X|5.0|I found this book to be incredibly entertaining and useful. Being a very skinny person, there are entire swathes of this book that did not have much to offer me (but never nothing to offer).  On the other hand some of the chapters in this book will open you up to new things that you never thought were within your reach.  Tim Ferris comes right out in the beginning of the book and tell you to use what works for you and discard what doesn't.  He presents interesting, effective, and best yet cheap ways to accomplish things.  Like his instructions for the $10 adjustable weight kettle bell alternative.  I tried out the suggestion of a very cold shower or bath before sleep.  That will put you out like you got hit with a tranquilizer dart.  Give the book a try, you probably waste $10-15 dollars on things far less useful than this book all the time.
0767836324|5.0|I love this movie.  Robin Williams is almost always a sure bet and in \\"Hook\\" he does not disappoint.  The premise of the movie works really well.  Peter Pan has come back to the real world and grown up.  He's forgotton all about Neverland and become a corporate shark.  His children are kidnapped and taken to Neverland and Peter has to figure out how to get them back.  Through the course of the movie, he reqains his memories and relearns what's truly important.  This movie works for both adults and children.
B0034G4P7G|4.0|The Social Network is an intriguing piece of work that spotlights the arguments between founder Mark Zuckerberg, Eduardo Saverin, twins Cameron and Tyler Winklevoss and Divya Narendra over whose idea it was to create Facebook. Screenwriter Aaron Sorkin insists that the film is a work of nonfiction, yet the movie opens with Zuckerberg being arrogant, insensitive, clueless jerk and getting dumped by a young lady, an event that never occurred. This was a huge hurdle for me to cross. Nevertheless, the scene sets the tone perfectly for the movie with its spitfire dialogue even if Zuckerberg is unfairly portrayed. The acting is great, the screenwriting is fantastic, and the direction is pitch-perfect. There is a reason that the reviews here are lengthy - the film inspires much dialogue and arouses much curiosity. It's an interesting behind-the-scenes look at the founding of a social networking tool that is turning out to be as ubiquitous as the telephone. The film is also an interesting study of characters that I find it difficult to admire except for Saverin.<br /><br />A second problem I had was the irritatingly cartoonish portrayal of then-Harvard President Larry Summers (currently one of President Obama's economic advisers). The actor portraying him is a frequent guest on Rush Limbaugh's show so it's hard to believe that there was not an agenda to cast Summers in a dark light. Some thought it ridiculous that he would have been dismissive of the Winklevoss' allegations that their idea was stolen; I found it ludicrous that the twins expected him to assert disciplinary action against Zuckerberg based on accusations alone.<br /><br />A number of articles have been written criticizing the film of its portrayal of women. Is the environment on even an elite American college campus like Harvard as misogynistic as depicted in the film? It may very well be an ugly truth.<br /><br />Without judging whether or not the events in the movie are true, The Social Network is a superb feature even if it's not my favorite of 2010. Viewing it is highly recommended.my favorite of 2010. Viewing it is highly recommended.
0091926610|5.0|Shipment came on time...packaging secured item in shipment...this book was the perfect gift for our aspiring filmmaker. Lots of pictures and plenty of reading.
B0030BOCEG|5.0|This is an awesome album! On top of the fact that it includes the accoustic cd.  You can't get any better than that!
B002ZCY7SW|5.0|I got this as a gift for my boyfriend who loves this show. Since Christmas he's already watched every episode.
B003VR5PPY|5.0|Once I started to play this game, none of my other DS games interested me. I would stay up half the night playing.  The game plays as if you are playing a part in a movie.  Sometimes the game is shocking, it has very interesting puzzles and if you have trouble solving them, the game gently steers you in the right direction.  There are multiple endings depending on what choices you make during the game, so take notes from the beginning.  I finished the game and now I want another one to play just like it.
B000PMLFRA|3.0|Haven't scene the Blue Ray version, but I have every other version that has ever come out. Maybe not every version, could be exagerating. Just sell all six in a Blue Ray set. The IV through VI are obviously the best movie's. Having to work for the special effects, makes them special. All the CGI, not all that special. Not that I don't enjoy I through III, because I am a sucker, so I do. I just think the first three movies are by far the best.  I will wait to purchase these, for how long, I don't know. I refuse to buy them now, especailly since I already own them.
B000YABYLA|1.0|This movie has such terrible acting and a typical role by the actor who plays the baby daddy of Juno.  I will never see this movie again.
B000001E7T|5.0|Let me first say that I'll be 60 in a couple of months.  I have always loved rock music and I've been an avid record collector since I was a boy.  The main thing I look for is sincerity and emotion.  If someone is just singing for the bucks or fame, I don't want to hear them.  I want their hearts and souls hanging out of my speaker grates.  This is what made me buy my first PJ Harvey album.  I was driving to work and heard Down By the Water on the radio and I almost had to pull the car over to the side of the road.  Add to that C'mon Billy and to Bring You My Love and I was hooked.  No matter what your beef is about Harvey's music, you have to admit that she totally immerses herself in her craft.  I spent some time a few days ago watching videos of her performing several songs.  A couple of them were just PJ and her guitar.  I was totally absorbed in it and didn't want it to end.  That, to me, is the sign of a great artist.
1594202842|5.0|The contrast between Chinese parenting and American parenting is a hotly debated issue in China too.  Most researches and parents in China don't readily dismiss the American way.  They actually agree that there are different good ways to raise kids, whether they can actually practice differently with all the social pressures and school work is another story.  Most of the people here, based on the comments on WSJ and here however, seem to be able to think only disapproval and horror of what Chua described.  Appears to me that the Chinese knows better when it comes to be open-minded, and maybe their rocketing economy has something to do with how their people see differences?    BTW, Amy Chua is an American.  Don't confuse her with what I call \\"the Chinese\\" above.
B002ZHKZEM|5.0|This was a Christmas present for my son who is an avid Dr. Who fan. It plays great and was a great deal. I would recommend this to anyone who likes Dr. Who.
B000FFJYB6|4.0|This movie is a great tool for teaching about memoirs. I use it every year to introduce the writing topic, The entire cast is excellent including Moose, the dog. I bought it on Amazon.com for a great price. It is almost impossible to locate elsewhere.
1423134206|2.0|It is a pity that Disney decided to print this \\"art book\\" cheaply in Malaysa. The fonts got jigsaw lines due the rough printing raster. The older art books were of more decent quality... :(
B000WGWQG8|5.0|If there were a way for me to give this DVD Mini series more than just 5 stars, I'd give it +10!  My husband and I enjoyed an episode each evening with the greatest of anticipation. Being history buffs, we were mesmerized by the pain-staking detail in all things.  Watch the BONUS FEATURES to learn how these wonderful details were achieved; and an ever better plus, was the included documentary about writer David McCullough.  Another plus is that you can watch the episodes with a special feature turned on that gives you the historical fact \\"background\\" as each scene is being played out.    A home school mom, I plan to show this to my daughter, but a word of caution:  there are scenes that are inappropriate for a child under the age of 13...I would recommend watching it first yourself so you can be aware of them, and / or judge for yourself if it is age appropriate for your child.    Giamatti and Linney were magnificent and I would highly recommend this to any one.  My husband and I each, unknowingly, gave it to each other this Christmas...great minds think alike!
1400079144|4.0|With so many reviews out there, I'll make this one short and sweet. If you liked Brown's previous books this one will probably interest you. His destination this time around was the US which made it more interesting for me but I will always have a hard time reading his books because of his antagonistic nature towards Christianity, but you know you are going to get that with him going into it.
B001IBIHQ4|4.0|As I settled into watching The Pacific, I immediately began trying to compare it to Band of Brothers. Ultimately, this method became unfair to the story being told in The Pacific.  While the film was produced largely by the same team that made Band of Brothers, they are two different stories told differently.  Unfortunately, because of the series' promotion, comparisons between the two series are inevitable.  One can't realistically promote a film based on its connections with another film and not expect comparisons.      This film contains three distinctly different stories about US Marines fighting in the Pacific against the Japanese.  These three stories never merge or diverge, they are told separately, focusing on the exploits of three primary characters; Eugene Sledge, John Basilone, and Robert Leckie.  The director chose to jump around and attempt to tell these stories chronologically and simultaneously. This method can be confusing, disjointing, and disruptive, and it was.  On the other hand, I thought they did a pretty good job of keeping it all together, except that Leckie is pretty much out of the story at the end of the 6th episode, though he comes back for about 15 minutes in the final episode.      As far as watching a war film about US Marines and WWII in the Pacific, this is probably the best film, overall, I've ever seen.  It has enough variety and action to satisfy most any war movie enthusiast.  It has plenty of Spielberg quality combat action, complete with flying body parts, exploding bodies, horrific imagery, cruelty, and fear.  It is a war story of epic proportion told on a grand scale.      I found the film lost tempo when it moved into scenes about the rear.  Covering the rear is all well and good, but I thought the producers spent far too much time in Australia chasing lasses and falling in love at Camp Pentleton than necessary.  Having said that, John Basilone's romance with Lena was probably an integral part to the story, whereas, Robert Leckie's love fling in Australia could have easily been ignored.  Leckie's brief romance just didn't factor into the over-all story, unless of course one wants to make a claim for some kind of esoteric message being extrapolated toward the final episode.      One of the strengths of The Pacific is in the supporting cast.  The actors, both lead and supporting did a fine job, but some of the supporting actors were exceptional.  One that comes to mind is Rami Malek who portrays Merriell \\"Snafu\\" Shelton, a Marine from New Orleans.  Shelton comes into Sledge's unit shortly after Sledge's arrival.  He is a gruesome character who digs gold teeth out of dead Japanese soldiers and behaves immorally in situations that call for candor and dignity.  Nonetheless, he bonds with Sledge, and they help each other get through the war.  Malek's portrayal of Shelton is on the edge and quite good.  We might see more from him in the future.     The Pacific is not a masterpiece, but it is epic and worth watching, and I'm glad I watched it.
B003ZVJFFM|5.0|When I first heard about this movie I really thought it was going to be a true Disney Children's movie. I was amazed and maybe even a little disappointed that I would not be able to share this movie with my grand children. That being said it definitely not a children's movie but it was a wonderful mature version of a classic. While another review , who claims to be a \\" Christmas Story \\" aficionado really cuts the movie as a one star movie. They themselves even admit that the dialog is inline with the writing in the book. But I myself loved the visual adaptation and enjoyed the introduction of new visual aspects of the movie. I did not see the 3d version of the movie, I'm not really into the 3d yet, but I can see how a lot of what was added to the movie would have been awesome in 3d. All that said I thought Jim Carrey was amazing in portraying all the different characters that he did. And if you take the time to view the extras on the DVD you may actually come to appreciate more just how  Robert Zemeckis (Director) did an amazing adaptation of this story. Bottom line..... not a small child's movie but a wonderful rendition of a classic for the adults.<br /><br />Thanks Mr Zemeckis
