0740748475|5.0|I have been a lifelong fan. I do not have anything to add on to what others have had to say about the collection till now. It is wonderful to have all the strips collected in three bound volumes. The packaging and the design is perfect and durable. The books themselves are hefty wrist strainers but that does not come in the way of the enjoyment that Calvin and Hobbes have brought to millions all over the world. I stumbled upon the strip when I was a teenager in Indian in our local daily. I started collected the strips and I have been hooked ever since. Bill Watterson's introduction makes this collection even more precious. This is a must have for every Calvin and Hobbes fan. Highly recommended!!!   P.S - I got mine at $94.50. But I see that Amazon is selling this for $87.75 now. So it is all the more reason for all who have been planning to get this collection, to get it.
B0032FSE4O|5.0|I'm so glad I listened to this book on audio.  I actually have a print copy of the book, but I would have missed out on the narrator of this one and he made the novel even better.<br /><br />The setting is this: it's the mid 1950s and two US Marshals are sent out to Shutter Island, a small island in Boston Harbor that is home to a government asylum for the criminally insane.  The marshals are sent out to investigate the disappearance of one of the patients.<br /><br />But nothing on Shutter Island is as it seems and the marshals are drawn into a mystery that becomes more and more dangerous by the day.<br /><br />There are enough twists and turns in here to satisfy anyone who loves a well-paced thriller.  Dennis Lehane is a master at this genre (Mystic River) and Shutter Island is nearly perfect.  Keeps you on the edge of your seat and the ending is explosive!
B003TML0VO|1.0|I should have known better.  The selection of songs are not Guitar Classics at all!  Carlos doesn't really stretch out much or interpret the songs much different from the originals in most cases.  The selection of singers is not too thrilling either.      The one release with Rob Thomas and others was enough in this vein.
B000I2J6K0|5.0|I love this workout!!! I haven't done the partner section of it yet, but the other part is great (I wish it was just a bit longer-but I guess 40min is not too bad).   I def sweat and can feel my heart rate go up-and I used to work out 5-7days/week before my pregnancy.   The only problem I can see is the sound quality during some parts, I just turn up the volume. And I could do without the part where she makes it a point that we should pause the dvd if we have to use the bathroom and the video actually stops for a few seconds.   But I do like that the instructor gives you tips on form and she is very encouraging, telling you to keep going and not treating you like a weak pregnant woman that should just sit around!!!   Overall it's def a great workout dvd for any pregnant woman that wants to do more than just a few stretches!!!
B000001GAM|5.0|When it comes to Bruckner there are few that have done it better than Giulini. The same applies to the Vienna Philharmonic who never disappoint especially in Bruckner symphonies. Giulini takes his time but in this recording you never feel it as it moves along encompassing the best the symphony has to offer. The dynamics, the engineering, & conducting are what makes this the best 9th currently available. I'm not one for breaking down each moverment so just let me say, \\"buy it & experience a masterpiece from a master\\".     Ed- Manalapan, NJ
B0014Z4OQG|5.0|In \\"Cloverfield\\" Director Matt Reeves takes a page from  Tom Stoppard's \\"Rosencranz and Guildenstern Are Dead\\": the familiar plot-points and characters of an epic tale are shifted to the background to tell the story of two ordinary people.    The movie presents as a standard (albeit with a second person-voice twist) SciFi Horror film with the (now) usual scenes: half-glimpses of a truly hideous creature, CGI destruction of expensive real estate, \\"alien\\" larval stages scurrying after the heroes in confined darkness (contact with whom leads to a messy end).  But we quickly realize something is off: a tiny love story, an asterisk really, begins to unfold.   In 3-second cuts, the playback from a damaged video-camera interleaves snippets of old footage with the main action of the film, recorded over it.   Gradually we begin to care more about Beth and Rob's doomed relationship, forever frozen in time by the camera, than NYC's horrific demise.    We, the audience, are like archaeologists, who excavating Pompeii 1500 years after Vesuvius erupted, discovered cavities in the lava which entombed the village.  When injected with plaster, these cavities revealed a couple locked in a final embrace seconds before they are overcome by the cloud volcanic ash and gases.
1590200918|4.0|It's not always easy to write a convincing ghost story in this day and age, when science is so adept at explaining much of what appears to be paranormal.  But Susan Hill is one modern writer who can tell a very spooky tale and make you feel pleasantly enthralled. Her novel The Woman in Black was not only a successful book but has had phenomenal success as a play in London.  The Man in the Picture is another successful attempt by Susan Hill to bring a shudder and a ghostly chill to her readers.    The story involves an old painting that depicts a rowdy, slightly sinister carnival along the Grand Canal in Venice.  Nothing odd about that, except the picture seems capable of subtly changing each time it is viewed, with new characters seemingly trapped and terrified within it. There seems to be no explanation; or if there is, it is a horrible and malevolent one, involving a spurned lover and her century's old curse.    The Man in the Picture is a quick read, but the story lingers afterwards. Read it on a dark night with the wind rattling the windows!
B002JVWRAO|5.0|Supernatural is the best show ever!!!! Especally the fifth season, the characterization and plot are very strong.
B003UYV08E|3.0|I saw Iron Man 1 - loved it. Robert Downey, fantastic actor; love him. Watched IM2 with great expectation. Big disappointment. It's ok, if you are really bored. Fight scene on the racetrack, good, but not long enoungh. Too much talk, disjointed plot and not enough action. The real action only kicked in towards the end; then it became a shoot fest; Real boys movie. Towards the end I felt like I was watching a computer game - ok for those who are into that kind of thing I guess.  Perhaps if I had not seen the first one, might have enjoyed this more - but doubt it. But it's like, \\"we made money on the first one, let's make a sequel\\" attitude. I will not be seeing IM3 if it's made.
0545265355|5.0|Book one down, and just started on #2. So far the books are great and I've already recommended them to a few friends.
B001C08RHA|5.0|I'm not an action hero junkie (grew up with superman and batman -seen the movies and enjoyed)- however, love Robert Downey Jnr. My son encouraged me to see the movie, said i'd like it. Well, I did and i did! It held my interest from the very beginning, right to the end. Great acting, great plot. lots of exciting action etc etc. Just plain enjoyable and total escapism. Great Stuff. See it! Get it!
1439148953|1.0|the moment that the heroine was deflowered and her pain was unbearable.  Like a man would know and be able to write about a woman willingly surrendering her virginity.  It was written like a news report rather than an account of love.  Could have been on Medzine.  OOUUUUCCCCHHHHH!!!!!
B003VSVWA0|5.0|Leonard Cohen seems to sing better, and know himself better, as he grows older.  A role model for us all.  The songs on this album are all familiar ones to Cohen fans, but his renditions of them are fresh and energetic, and the accompanying musicians and singers are superb.    Suzanne used to be my favorite Cohen song, but on this album Hallelujah brought tears to my eyes.  It was as if Cohen was telling us his life story, and urging us to be honest and have courage.
B0041T4ML4|5.0|The author is simply excellent.  I normally do not read this type of sci-fi but am nuts about his works.  So far, what I have read is grim but very possible in the near future. I am looking forward to more!
B003F3NDWG|5.0|This show is THE BEST TV SERIES any of the networks have produced in the last 20 years. The Characters are SUPER and interactions between ALL GREAT !!!!! The writers of this show are very talented and keep you guessing. FANTASTIC !!!!!
0307454894|4.0|There are few occasions where the movie is just as good as the book.  This is one of those cases.  I read the book looking for a deeper understanding of the characters, especially Hanna.  The book left me knowing there was so much more to her, just like when I watched movie.  The author is descriptive but doesn't go into great detail about anything, which I think is good.  Too much detail leaves me bored.  The book flowed smoothly and was an easy read.  I finished it in 2 days.  But you can either watch the two and half hour movie or read the 218 page book, either which one you choose, you've done the other one as well.
B000A2WF3S|5.0|I have 37 cds of Back's Partitas and Sonatas for Solo Violin. I have listened to all of them. I have listened to some of them many times. Today, I received this Kremer's one and listened to all the record. Oh my God! I have never listen to such as a creative interpretation of this music. Kremer is so creative that I feel like he have created a new music! I strongly recommend this CD with all my heart.
B0026P3G12|5.0|We couldn't be more pleased. On a recent out-of-state trip we played Susan Boyle's \\"I Dreamed a Dream\\" three times and enjoyed each playing.  This recording is a must for those who enjoy \\"real\\" music.
B001HN694K|5.0|This is destined to be a classic of the caliber of The Princess Bride or Benny and Joon. Tweedledum & Tweedledee, the Cheshire Cat, the March Hare are perfectly done. Great fun!
B0017SWPXY|5.0|I have probably ready 50+ books so far this year and this one outshines them all. Rarely does a book<br />bring and old guy like me to tears and laughter...this one did and I did not want it to end! There are many other<br />good reviews telling what the story is about so I won't go into that. Just wanted say DON'T MISS THIS BOOK!
0316017922|3.0|the first half of the book is great.  then the science falls apart. and the wrighters personal opions begin to take over.  ie. the intire last chapter is about his mom.  lame...  the book Talent is Overrated is much better from begining to end.
B0028AQLYE|5.0|Just a heads up, this thing won't work with the FINIS freestyle snokrel.  Good quality though.
0439023521|5.0|With over 1000+ positive reviews of this book I probably can't add anything that hasn't already been said, but I was totally shocked.  The first chapter had me utterly confused because I started reading the book without an inkling as to the premise of the story.  Once I realized the story took place in the distant future I was able to plow through the pages.<br /><br />While the ending didn't surprise me at all, I was riveted to the story and how Katniss would survive the Hunger Games.  I also didn't know ahead of time that this book was the first in a series so I was again taken aback when I came to the cliffhanger at the end.  I will definitely be looking for Book 2.
B003TSEL7S|4.0|I really liked this book. I would not recommend this book for children under 12. It took me a while to get what the book ment. It gears towards older children and that is one thing I like about it. A good book for those who have a good imagination. It is over all a great book.
0316069485|3.0|An enjoyable book until the ending.  I found the ending to be rather corny and bizarre.  The far fetched ending made an otherwise real good book to become just average.
0312600844|1.0|I forced myself to finish this book since it was an Oprah book club selection.  I mistakenly thought it must get better and more interesting.  I was wrong, it was a waste of time.
B000S1M9LY|5.0|I won't say anything about the book itself (alright, I will: it's very good, but in keeping with the perverse way it's written you have to read it twice for it to make much sense), because that's been ably handled by other reviewers, but I will say this: it's ideal for reading on the Kindle. The book's a brick. A doorstop. It puts many small cities' phone books to shame in terms of size and weight. All of which makes it a bitch to read, especially considering the footnotes. Weight plus lots of skipping back and forth, dealing with two progressing bookmarks or dog-ears: blech. The Kindle version solves all this. It makes reading the book a physical breeze. I'm reading it for the second time now, which I suspect is the way it was supposed to be read, considering the answers to later questions scattered about the first half, something I wouldn't be doing had it not been for the Kindle edition.
0439023513|5.0|I flashed through this book in one day.  I'm glad Collins did not bring us to yet another Hunger Game.  Instead, she focused the book on the battle to distroy District 1 and the silly propaganda that occurs when trying to win the support of the people.  This one definately had a darker side to it. (Not that the others didn't) But Collins did not let favorite characters and love ones stop her from killing people off.  I think it was a good conclusion and I was left satified, if exhausted, after reading.
0143118420|1.0|I did not purchase the book from Amazon and am very glad , because the book was so very disappointing!!  Why is it on the best seller list and why did Oprah push it.  This book is about a very selfish self absorbed young lady who thinks we want to hear her complain while she takes off a year to do nothing!!  Personnelly I don't believe she did what she states. I think she created it because she was given an advance of money and she had to come up with something. Still it put me to sleep almost every night and I got to a point where I started skimming in the end because it was the same old droling on about her whining. I had to read this book for my book club or else I would have burned it.  When I got to my club I learned that not one person in the group like the book even a little. One person saw the movie, like the movie but said it was not at all like the book!!  She quit reading it at pg 100. So if you value your time do not pick this book up.
0547258305|5.0|I had heard the buzz surrounding Kristin Cashore's \\"Graceling\\" and my curiosity was piqued. Setting down to read, I hoped that I hadn't been over-hyped, but was pleasantly surprised to find myself reading a fast-paced, intriguing fantasy novel with a wonderfully real and sympathetic female protagonist - which is rarer than you might think.<br /><br />The world in which Katsa lives has amidst its population people known as Gracelings: individuals with extraordinary, but rather arbitrary talents. Identified by their mismatched eyes, their gifts can range from anything from mind-reading, to super-sensory hearing, to simply being a strong swimmer. The Gracelings are feared by their neighbors and exploited by their kings, and Katsa is no exception, particularly since her own Grace is the skill of killing.<br /><br />She lives under the command of her uncle, King Randa of the Middluns, working as his trained assassin and hit-woman, dealing out threats and injuries to anyone who displeases him. She despises his rule and undermines it in the only way she knows how: by forming an underground resistance in the hopes of secretly combating the destructive behaviour of the seven kings.<br /><br />It is during a rescue mission in a neighboring kingdom that she meets a fellow Graceling - a young man who proves himself to be a match to her combat skills. When she gets a proper introduction she discovers he's Prince Greening of Lienid (though he prefers the nickname \\"Po\\"), and the grandson of the man who she was sent to rescue - though why his grandfather was being held hostage in the first place is a mystery still to be solved.<br /><br />Learning to accept the friendship of this strange young man and to free herself from the control of her uncle is what leads Katsa on a mission out into the world to find an answer to the strange behaviour of King Leck of Monsea. Believing him to be connected to his grandfather's kidnapping, Po suspects that the man may be a Graceling, in possession of a terrifying Grace that allows him to perform heinous acts without endangering his benevolent reputation. But how do you combat such a Grace? As Katsa and Po near his kingdom they realize the extent of Leck's power and find themselves protecting his only daughter as the winter sets in, learning at the same time that there's more to both their Graces than they've been lead to believe.<br /><br />All the threads come together in a satisfying whole: the mystery becomes an adventure which becomes a survival story as the book goes on, with Katsa and Po's growing romance woven throughout. But \\"Graceling\\" is essentially the story of one young woman's struggle to assert herself in a world in which she's treated as an outsider. It is unashamedly feminist, but not in the obnoxious \\"women are good, men are bad\\" kind of way; rather Katsa's journey leads her to connect and form friendships with various men in her life,  and come to terms with her fears of love, marriage and commitment before finding her own definition of those terms. It's a breath of fresh air in the YA genre which seems to be increasingly full of passive, insipid heroines who are content to sit back and wait for their love interest to save them. Here, Katsa and Po are equals - not physically (there it's Katsa who has the advantage), but in characterization. What Katsa lacks, Po provides and visa-versa. It's probably one of the healthiest and most realistic relationships portrayed in a YA novel since [[ASIN:0060558865 Ella Enchanted]], in which love is based on common interests, mutual respect, and friendship.<br /><br />It's not perfect however. The world-building is a little clumsy and certain names such as Princess Bitterblue or Po grate (the latter is a nickname for an even weirder name, but which inevitably brings to mind [[ASIN:B000MGBSJ4 the red Teletubby]] and [[ASIN:B001ECQ75A Kung Fu Panda]]). The names of the countries are simply variations of north, south, east and west, and cities are named over their rulers, which would surely play havoc with map-makers - you'd have to update them every time a new power ascended the throne. The biggest problem is how quickly and relatively easily Leck is dispatched, for after building him up as a frightening villain with an equally dangerous Grace, the final confrontation is disappointingly anti-climactic.<br /><br />But the characters are wonderfully three-dimensional and vivid, and the concept of the Gracelings and the way in which they operate in the world is the book's most intriguing feature. Out of interest I had a browse through some of the one-star reviews; though I admit this book isn't perfect, I couldn't disagree more that Katsa is a Mary Sue or that Po is an Edward Cullen knock-off. Regardless of what her \\"superpowers\\" allow her to do, Katsa has plenty of very real pain, fear and a lack of self-esteem to work through, and her growth throughout the novel into a woman who is in command of her own destiny (particularly when she grasps the true nature of her Grace) is immensely rewarding. Po is never patronizing or over-protective toward Katsa, rather he treats her with respect, trust and understanding whilst struggling with the limitations of his own Grace and how it affects his relationships with other people.<br /><br />At times you can tell that \\"Graceling\\" is Cashore's first novel, particularly in regards to the sometimes-stilted style and prose - but as a first novel it bodes very well for any future books from this author.c with map-makers - you'd have to update them every time a new power ascended the throne. The biggest problem is how quickly and relatively easily Leck is dispatched, for after building him up as a frightening villain with an equally dangerous Grace, the final confrontation is disappointingly anti-climactic.     But the characters are wonderfully three-dimensional and vivid, and the concept of the Gracelings and the way in which they operate in the world is the book's most intriguing feature. Out of interest I had a browse through some of the one-star reviews; though I admit this book isn't perfect, I couldn't disagree more that Katsa is a Mary Sue or that Po is an Edward Cullen knock-off. Regardless of what her \\"superpowers\\" allow her to do, Katsa has plenty of very real pain, fear and a lack of self-esteem to work through, and her growth throughout the novel into a woman who is in command of her own destiny (particularly when she grasps the true nature of her Grace) is immensely rewarding. Po is never patronizing or over-protective toward Katsa, rather he treats her with respect, trust and understanding whilst struggling with the limitations of his own Grace and how it affects his relationships with other people.    At times you can tell that \\"Graceling\\" is Cashore's first novel, particularly in regards to the sometimes-stilted style and prose - but as a first novel it bodes very well for any future books from this author.
0765326353|4.0|The prolific Brandon Sanderson has managed to come out with a 1,000 page fantasy novel, the first of a projected 10-book series, while also juggling his conclusion of Robert Jordan's [[ASIN:0765325942 Wheel of Time]] series and other projects of his own. Way of Kings serves as a good introduction to what looks to be Sanderson's answer to Jordan and the fantasy epic. But it falls down a bit as a novel in its own right due to slow pacing.    That is of course a problem with any sprawling epic, but more usual is the series which bogs down in the middle after a promising start. The typical writer can't get a commitment for a 10-book series, so any such series that started out too slowly would never have its second part see the light of day, much less books three and beyond. But because Sanderson is already fairly successful in his own right and has assumed the status of TOR publishing's ace writer due to his Wheel of Time continuation, it seems that he has been given the green light for a long series which I assume is TOR's best hope to replace the Wheel series. The problem with this for the reader is that with a commitment in hand, Sanderson doesn't have to make book one of his decalogy all that gripping, so Way of Kings definitely suffers in the \\"grabs you and sucks you in\\" department when compared to Jordan's [[ASIN:0812511816 The Eye of the World]].    The cast of point of view characters is small enough for the reader to easily keep track of: four major characters, plus a few minor ones who show up in some cryptic interludes between the novel's five main sections. As with most of Sanderson's characters, the cast is generally likable, or hateable, or at least interesting. As we expect in an epic, there is a long, still largely unrevealed backstory preceding the events of the present day. The hints about what is really going on beneath the surface are intriguing, and there is one revealing moment, which although the groundwork for it had been insufficiently lain, atleast allowed book one to end with something more than a mere To Be Continued.    TOR and Sanderson are clearly approaching this series, The Stormlight Archive, wholeheartedly. The endpages features two (different) maps and cryptic designs. Maps and chapter icons abound, plus there are more illustrations purporting to be sketches and notes from the journal of one character. But don't worry; these seem to be for embellishment only and I don't think it's necessary to peruse each scribble to follow the plot.    One problem with the plot is that one major character, clearly eventually destined for more menaingful things, spends almost all the book engaged in some low-level fighting. (Not even fighting really; more being used as cannon fodder). I understand that Sanderson is probably trying to counter the fantasy trope of having all POV characters being aristocratic generals, but the problem for the reader is that we just can't learn all that much useful from this worm's eye view (also, it seems that this character probably will eventually be elevated from cannon fodder to something more meaningful, so this is all needless distraction).    Another problem I had was the way that that character, and one other, turned the other cheek so many times that they incited their rivals to further violence and betrayal. Not just against themselves, which would be their right, but against others as well. A nonspecific SPOILER completes the rest of this paragraph: a leader does not have the right to treat the murder of 5,000 of his men at the hands of a traiterous colleague as a private matter he can choose to overlook for the sake of some greater good. Nor should he encourage his betrayer by buying something off of him at an exorbitant price that the betrayer should have been glad to hand to his victim anyway (as perhaps the price for peace). That whole episode, and another one like it, left a very bad taste.    And I don't think Sanderson has quite grown into a fully adult writer despite all the pages he has published in the last five years. Perhaps his juvenile publishing side projects have slowed his development. He at times talks down to his readers and overexplains. And his witty banter is often cringe-inducing. It attempts to be clever but rarely amuses, and much of it depends on one character presciently playing straight man by saying the exact right line to set himself up for the kill shot at the hands of the designated wit.    Presumably over the course of the next nine books, Sanderson's writing as well as his world will grow. I'm looking forward to book 2.
0545265355|5.0|I read this book in 4 days.  I hated to put it down.  The book reminded me of the Handmaid's Tale, another book I could hardly put down.  I am so glad that there are two more books to go.
B000A2WNB2|5.0|This DVD has my favorite MUSE footage of all.  Yes, the camera work leaves a bit to be desired. It doesn't have the same production value as the HAARP DVD for instance, and it's a bit 'frantic' at times, but all-in-all, a must have for any true MUSE fan.  I enjoy getting to see the younger less polished, un-restrained versions of Matt, Dom, and Chris.  This DVD is such a great peek into where the boys started when they were a much younger band before entering into their more mature sounds and albums to date.  I was disappointed to find that this only played in my ultra-cheap-o DVD player, but after reading other reviews was happy it played at all.  We've since upgraded to a BD player and got rid of the one that would play this DVD and I almost had a heart-attack when I couldn't get this to play anymore in my new player.  For those of you who have an X-Box 360 - be comforted in knowing the X-Box 360 will play these disks.  Whew- crisis averted!  Highly recommend, just be prepared if you are in the US buying this album as it won't play in every DVD/BD player.
0385341008|5.0|At first I wasn't sure I was going to like this book. It's written as a collection of letters and to begin with I kept having to check who wrote each one, but I caught on quickly and enjoyed this book immensely. The characters are likeable and the general story is good. I actually bought this copy to send to my sister-in-law for Christmas.
0545123275|5.0|[[VIDEOID:mo1GVVWCU8UXI9F]]I read Shiver the first time and loved it. It was sweet and the characters, especially Sam, were well developed. I also like how it is written in Sam and Grace's perspectives. Besides being cute it also had a lot of suspense that wouldn't let you put it down. I highly reccommend it!
B003TSEL7S|1.0|The lack of text to speech is why I will no longer buy any of the books in this series.
1400052173|5.0|Well-written, compassionate account Mrs. Lacks' life and the affect HeLa has had on the world...and her family.  Anyone who cares about being treated well when you're hospitalized (not to mention anyone who's benefiting from medications that were created with HeLa's help), social injustice and racism should read this.
0385341008|5.0|A collection of letters that tell the story of wonderful and generous people on the British Islands occupied by the German army, a mixture of humor, sensitivity, sad memories and romance. I highly recommend it. Read and enjoy.
0345440927|5.0|Before having our first child my husband and i both read Tracy Hogg  Secrets of a Baby Whisperer  even tho i had babysat for years you still never know what your own child will be like...tracy pretty much gives you a manual to babies and toddlers and made our life completely stress free.  we were always able to understand our childs needs because of her first book.  The toddler version is great as well  it sort of gives you a reminder that they are ppl too and they are just trying to learn and grow and that we just need to help them along in an encouraging way.  nothing she says is impractical.  reading this book helped us get back on track when our baby was becoming a toddler.  on a side note  i read many books while pregnant and thought most of them were common sense or just stupid  she is a great teacher  you will definately enjoy what you get out of this book
B0001AUAU4|4.0|Ms. Sarkozy has an enchanting voice; smooth and cheerful.  Even the sad songs sound happy!
B003U0I9U0|5.0|This is a wonderful collection of a-ha's music over their 25 years.  Anyone who is a fan of them, must get it.
B00006CXSS|5.0|As a WW II history buff this is a must have collection. Good battle events and plenty of action. Really enjoyed watching these movies.
B003A4IFGY|5.0|With over 14 tracks on this CD they are a great variety with much of it sounding like vintage Tom Petty!  Love it!
B000P0J0AQ|4.0|I give it 4 stars for the visual effects only. You need to buy all 3 disks of the set to enjoy the story plot.
B0045LK31Q|4.0|Great album from 2 music giants. Haven't listened to the Orb in a long while, but have been a rabid fan of David Gilmour. The beats on this are perfect for enhancing any atmosphere and David's guitar riffs fit this perfectly. Only problem I had is that the singing should have been left with the Chicago sessions. It works to a point, but doesn't blend well and thankfully on here for a short time. A definite buy!
B000P0J09C|4.0|I'm not sure why I purchased this movie. But with the action events in all it gets a passing grade from me.
1932100660|5.0|Great Book. Good science. Compelling. Everyone should read this book.    Only part of the book directly describes the China Study. Dr. Campbell incorporates all the evidence into a larger view of diet and health.     My only criticism is that the scientific evidence does not support the conclusion that a vegan diet, completely devoid of food from animal sources, is necessary for a healthy life. The evidence does support the claim that a plant-based, whole foods diet is healthier than an animal-based diet. The difference is that a small amount of animal protein may have no detrimental effect on one's health. It may be easier for many people to greatly reduce animal protein from their diet, but not eliminate it completely. Dan Buettner's book, The Blue Zones, would support this conclusion. Buettner interviewed healthy and happy centenarians--living to 100 or more--and found that they ate a plant-based diet, but many also ate small amounts of animal protein.
B00005JLTN|4.0|I give it 4 stars for the visual effects only. You need to buy all 3 disks of the set to enjoy the story plot.
B001Q9J4PG|3.0|Takes a lot of pages before you learn what the plot is all about. Clancy takes up too many pages about clark's wife & daughter & her husband Chavez. About halfway through the book you learn what the plot is & then it gets very exciting.
B0001BKAEE|4.0|I give it 4 stars for the visual effects only. You need to buy all 3 disks of the set to enjoy the story plot.
B0036EH3WU|5.0|I bought the collection from Colombia, and i received the package in very good conditions in a big box, everything was well packed and the product didn't show any damage for the transport. The collection was as i expected, the box is very well designed, all the accesories are cool, nice to use as decoration, all them bring a lot of memories from the show, everything was complete and in good conditions, the design of the cd containers is good, it can fit at any shelf. Im very happy with the purchase.
B000KX0IOA|5.0|I had a chance to visit India once and loved the country. This classic give me a chance to see that country again and to get a better understanding on the life of Gandhi. Winner of 8 academy awards including best picture. A must see movie for both young and old alike.
0739344269|1.0|The media hype is just that--hype. The Grand Design is a very disappointing performance by these elite minds.  I expected much more substance from these authors. The essence of their thesis is covered in the final three chapters, a thesis weakly argued with unclear logic and minimal substantiation. I think a more authentic forum would have been an essay in Reader's Digest or Time Magazine.         The authors seek to answer three philosophical/religious questions, seeming to assert that physicists are the new priests with physics as the new religion, because \\"philosophy is dead\\". Their modality is application of the suppositions (unproven ideas) of theoretical physics to arrive at a conclusion that M-theory can prove the universe spontaneously erupted from nothing and if proved \\"will be a model of the universe that creates itself.\\" If the critics of \\"psi\\" accept these authors' example of argument I will lose faith in the critics' objectivity when it comes to their evaluation of theories on paranormal phenomenon.          There is little that is new here. Proposing M-Theory as the basis for describing the origin of the universe is certainly not a new idea. Arguing for M-Theory describing a universe's spontaneous generation from nothing is a new proposal in the world of cosmology--but not for the realm of non-Greek based philosophy. Thousands of years ago the Taoist described the universe as self generated from nothing. It's nice to see cosmology is catching up to thousands-of-years-old philosophy, contrary to the authors' opposing assertion in their opening remarks.         I will grant the book will stir thought and argument, which may be the authors' primary goal, since after 30 years of effort string theory /M-theory is wallowing in a quagmire due to its failure to simplify into the grand design. The authors' assert that the disjointed complexity of the M-theory is as good as it gets,  just compromise and don't waste any more time on trying to make it better--it is already The Grand Design. Hmmmmm, what was the basis of that argument again?         I hope the authors will take on the rigor of producing a mathematical model, derived from current work that has some validation from Cosmic Ray Background measurements to demonstrate their conclusions. That will at least, allow others to check their work and bring authenticity to the proposal. Maybe they've done that work and neglected to mention it--one can only hope?         I for one, as a professional physicist and engineer, am not convinced by their arguments and do not see that they answered the three philosophical questions proposed in the first chapter. By the end of reading the second chapter I added a fourth question...should cosmologist attempt to become philosophers?          Welcoming your responses,       Bob Lindberg
B0002F6AH0|5.0|I am a WW II history buff. I just had to add this one to my collection. Plenty of good film footage.
B0034G4OVS|4.0|This is an \\"Open Water\\" stranding in mid-air. Rather than being left behind in the ocean by a scuba-diving excursion boat - the main characters in this movie are left dangling on a ski lift. The temperature is plummeting; there's a storm coming on; other dangers of the wild circle beneath them.    I didn't find this movie to be quite as affecting as \\"Open Water,\\" but it still held my interest and did a good job of delivering some literal chills.    As I was watching the characters' dilemma, I wondered how much of the atmosphere was CGI-generated. The extensive commentaries and bonus features on this DVD answer that question and are worth listening to.    It turns out that a lot of the action is authentic. The people involved in making this movie didn't feel that any actors could credibly simulate being cold to the bone. So they scouted an abandoned ski lodge and ski lift operation and partially reactivated the works. As a result, the actors didn't have to ACT their pain and peril all that much.     Many of the scenes that critics of this movie scoffed at as being the most obviously fabricated - were actually the most genuinely experienced exposures. For example, some critics based their pronouncements of \\"Fake\\" on the fact that the actors' breath isn't visible as they exhale into the cold. But those moments when viewers don't see clouds of \\"smoke\\" rising from the actors are just the moments when the actors truly are dangerously cold. The Director reminds us how the steam coming from our mouths on a cold day is generated by the contrast between our warm breath and the surrounding cold. The cold condenses in midair the warm moisture we exhale. However, as people get colder and colder, as their body temperature goes down, the very breath they exhale becomes almost as cold as their surroundings. No contrast in temperature - no condensation.    Some of the goriest, most frightening scenes in the movie were in fact artificially staged and provoked though. I won't ruin thesurprise by mentioning exactly what those scenes involve, but suffice it to say they set back the reassurances of most animal rights advocates by a century. I don't believe that such situations actually have occurred, at least not with the concerted ferocity depicted.    But for the most part, this movie realistically puts you in the shoes (or in this case the ski boots) of the characters, and will probably leave you with a tingly dread of \\"what if this kind of thing should ever happen to me.\\"
0751517089|4.0|Rogue Trader is a well written, fast paced, intimate first hand apologetic of Nicky Leeson's dealings on the Simex trading floor in Singapore and how he managed to run up huge losses to the tune of  £600 million without anyone noticing and breaking one of England's oldest merchant banks. In a world where Jerome Kerviel loses EUR4.9 billion on the back of EUR49.9 billion in unauthorized trades for Soci&eacute;t&eacute; G&eacute;n&eacute;rale , Bernie Madoff runs a US$50 billion Ponzi scheme, where Lehman Brothers no longer exists and AIG is bailed out by the US government for US$180 billion, the \\"small\\" affair of losing £600 million in unapproved futures trades and options gambling doesn't seem so terrible, but it was enough to break one of the oldest merchant banks in the UK and create one of the hugest scandals in banking history at the time. Since Leeson broke Barings, many other financial catastrophes and corporate scandals (Long Term Capital Management, Enron, the dot com bubble and sub-prime mortgages to name a few) have come and gone and some remain with us today. Perhaps these events make Rogue Trader even more relevant today than ever.<br /><br />It seems ironic that in this account of his misdeeds Mr. Leeson comes across as being incredibly honest about his fraud and his crimes. He doesn't shy away from the things he did and admits that he, and he alone is to blame for the catastrophe that befell Barings. He offers excuses (loyalty to the team, covering up their mistakes etc.) but ultimately the book is clear: once the initial deficit in the famed 88888 error account was cleared, greed to generate large profits on a risky futures spread led to the spiraling effect that eventually accrued severe losses for Barings and finally led to their downfall.<br /><br />Mr. Leeson's account is also clear about the failings in the system and clear on what could have been done to prevent the losses he had accrued over the time he was doing it. I suppose it is easy in retrospect to question why someone would so easily transfer the tens of millions of pounds on a daily basis to cover margin calls, when the capital base of the bank was only a couple of hundred million. It is also hard to believe how it was possible for him to cover his tracks with lies about unauthorized over the counter deals without those deals being properly audited and investigated. Certainly the blame for the high-risk trading falls squarely on Mr. Leeson's shoulders. He doesn't shy away from it and doesn't hide from it, but there were clearly severe structural faults within the bank and no effective risk-management methodologies employed to ensure honesty in the traders and especially to grant oversight to Mr. Leeson. The greatest weakness in the system was Mr. Leeson being granted the right to manage the trading floor and the back office where trades where reconciled. He even admitted this was open to being corrupted and auditors even noted this was a structural weakness, but they never did close the hole. These structural flaws were noted in the book and as per Mr. Leeson, when reports were released by the Singaporean government, many of these flaws were exposed and blame spread across the board for failure to take note of what was going on.<br /><br />Rogue Trader also has its tender moments. There is no doubt that Mr. Leeson was deeply in love with his wife at the time and there is no doubt that when they were on the run in Malaysia and Brunei there seemed to be genuine affection and love. Mr. Leeson speaks very highly of Lisa and even though they have since divorced, Rogue Trader shows the affection and passion he had for her and she had for him. Some of the moments they shared were truly touching and should not be second guessed. His portrayal of their relationship was an honest one and never, throughout the book is there a bad word said about Lisa (not that I can remember anyway). He truly loved her and she was in my mind amazing to stand by him throughthe initial troubles and trials he had to endure.<br /><br />Rogue Trader is therefore a very personal, very real and very honest account of what happened and what caused the bank to crash. Some parts are amusing, others tragic. It is still a fantastic read 15 years after the fact. Since this book was published, Mr. Leeson has served his time in a Singaporean prison, survived colon cancer, remarried, has written a second book and is now the CEO of a football club. In Rogue Trader Mr. Leeson portrays himself as someone who was haunted by his shadows and who was relieved when they were exposed so he could once again walk in the light. Others who failed to provide proper oversight, could not. Some of those protagonists have reignited their careers (e.g. Peter Norris who was the head of Barings Investment Division is now chairman of the Virgin Group) but many did not. Mr. Leeson, as he says in public talks, will always be remembered as the man who broke Barings Bank, but he has moved on with his life and I for one am glad for him.e.    Rogue Trader is therefore a very personal, very real and very honest account of what happened and what caused the bank to crash. Some parts are amusing, others tragic. It is still a fantastic read 15 years after the fact. Since this book was published, Mr. Leeson has served his time in a Singaporean prison, survived colon cancer, remarried, has written a second book and is now the CEO of a football club. In Rogue Trader Mr. Leeson portrays himself as someone who was haunted by his shadows and who was relieved when they were exposed so he could once again walk in the light. Others who failed to provide proper oversight, could not. Some of those protagonists have reignited their careers (e.g. Peter Norris who was the head of Barings Investment Division is now chairman of the Virgin Group) but many did not. Mr. Leeson, as he says in public talks, will always be remembered as the man who broke Barings Bank, but he has moved on with his life and I for one am glad for him.
B0034G4OVS|3.0|This movie was pretty good. The only troubling thing was that this movie took place it Extreme cold,<br />yet there was NO SMOKE coming from the mouths of the actors. This made all the scenes look Fake.
B00109T5WY|5.0|Fabulous album, as another reviewer pointed out, might seem slow-ish at first, but upon catching your attention it can seriously lift you up from your chair and farther above; The Mighty Rio Grande, similarly to Young mountain's The World Is Our______, intensifies into a mighty, powerful explosion, much like a cosmic, female orgasm :) i noticed yesterday that they start using TWDY's tracks in the movie industry - i guess some of their tracks can make a hell of a soundtrack; the trailer I saw was called the queen and promises to be a splendid documentary on camel beauty pageants in UAE (yeah, sounds weird, but the shots used in the trailer look terriffic accompanied by TWDY's glorious tracks).
0446563048|5.0|This is one of the top 10 business books I've read to date. Anyone in business should read it--would make a fantastic holiday gift to someone who likes business books. I laughed my way through it reading Tony's wry comments as he encountered life and business challenges, but his character and vision led him always to the best choices and to design a company that is good for everyone. Hopefully it will be a model for other businesses to emulate. I've read many books on happiness and positive psychology and was delighted to see these principles applied to a business. When I told my entrepreneurial little brother he should read this book, he asked who the author was. When I told him, my brother said he'd met Tony when my brother had a budding company in San Francisco. What was Tony like? I asked my brother. \\"The guy was really humble,\\" my brother replied, describing Tony. Isn't that refreshing? That's what comes across in the book--the truly great ones are humble. It will be fun to watch what Tony does next with his life. I hope he writes a sequel in the next few years. He's on a learning path that we all will be able to learn from.
B003ZJJFKE|4.0|A very good, well-balanced album, unlike Satriani's last effort.  I really enjoy the Middle Eastern feel of The Golden Room.  Other favorites are Dream Song, Light Years Away, and my favorite, Wormhole Wizards.  What a great tune.  The only tracks I didn't really care for are Solitude, which is minute-long filler, and Littleworth Lane, a non-grabber, for sure.  However, even these two are better than half the crap that polluted Professor Satchacrapolis.  Good job on this one, Satch.  Even the title is better, although I don't know what the heck Black Swans is supposed to refer to.
B000002C25|5.0|Bloated, loud, sprawling, overlong and overdubbed to within an inch of it's life....and I love every minute of it! Consider where Oasis were when this was recorded; fresh on the heels of 2 triumphant, sold out nights at Knebworth and quite frankly the biggest band on earth at that moment, \\"BE HERE NOW\\" is the only record they could have made. If you were on top of the world, being hailed as a pop genius (Noel Gallagher) and making enough money to buy & sell Her Majesty The Queen several times over, wouldn't you celebrate just a little? I love it when bands over-reach just a tad and true, here Oasis are nearly crushed by thier own ambition but somehow it all works. The roaring hurricane of guitars on \\"My Big Mouth\\", the funky, hip-hoppish backbeat on \\"D'You Know What I Mean?\\" and the epic sweep of \\"All Around The World\\" are reason enough to own this but in my opinion, every track here could have been issued as a single (perhaps with all instrumentals thrown in) my particular favorite being the Noel led \\"Magic Pie\\", by the way, what exactly is that? There really is no middle ground when it comes to Oasis third LP, people either love it or despise it and I happen to be in the former catergory....besides, 13 years on, the lyric \\"the fool on the hill and I feel fine\\" still cracks me up! What's not to love?
B002JVWR9U|5.0|I love this series. Once I bought season 1, i even got my bf into it!
B003ZK58WM|1.0|The price of this item is way too much; guess I'll start reading other authors.  I'm done with this one! I'm going to re-look use of the Kindle in the future becase the publishers have all become too greedy.
B002ZG99A4|3.0|...are not the raggedy soldiers of fortune lead by Sylvester Stallone in last summer's action hit, but rather the standard dvd and \\"bonus\\" digital copy foisted upon consumers to ante up the price for this movie.  If I wanted a STANDARD definition dvd of this I wouldn't buy the BLU-RAY.
B0032JTV6U|5.0|This was incredible.  Great episodes and extra footage.  Can't wait for season 2!!!
B000FC10WU|3.0|I got this title free through Amazon. It was a very easy read and a nice low-key, fluffy book. Miss Marple is cute. I wish she had been in the story more. She popped in the scenes here and there and was the person who eventually solved the crime (of course) but other characters dominated.<br /><br />The reason I gave this story a three is there was very little description of the surroundings. It's nice to get a feel for the characters by reading of their setting. Very little of this was done. Christie also repeated - a lot. 'The old many is fragile and could die at any moment.' was talked about repeatedly in the story.<br /><br />I didn't hate it, just had hopes for something better.
B00361DR4Q|5.0|The music, the play, the stage: fantastic value for an incredible price! If more opera on blueray would be available at this price I would not hesitate to buy it.
0312370849|3.0|I was the only one in our book club that enjoyed this book.  Most complained that it was predictable, but still I found it well told and compelling.  I actually liked the way the author went back and forth in time and place and brought the two story threads together in perfect timing. Yes, the reader knows what's going to happen, but don't we love to see Tosca jump every time.
044654146X|3.0|It is upsetting when a book comes so close to being great, yet misses because of attempts to please rather than prove.  Too many anecdotes, not enough substance, detract from what could have been (should have been) a seminal work on innovation.
0385341075|4.0|From where the first chapter begins to where this books ends is nothing short of a surprise.  Usually, you can pick up a book, read the first chapter or two and know the direction that the writer wants to take you - not so with Mr. Pip.  What begins with a classroom enjoying Great Expectation will lead the reader to a devastating end that has a young child rebuilding her life --with the help of Charles Dickens and an unforgettable teacher lovingly call Mr. Pip.<br /><br />Told from the perspective of young Matilda, the reader is introduced to Mr. Watts, a white man who has come to a small island near Papua New Guinea to teach the local children.  However, his teaching is a little different then what you would expect.  His whole curriculum is based off Charles Dickens' Great Expectations.<br /><br />Amidst the racial conflicts between the blacks and the redskins, Mr. Watts, or Mr. Pip - as he wants the children to call him, begins the Dickens tale and quickly draws the children in, while gartering the mistrust of many adults, into Pips world and thereby captivating the children during the liberation struggle that is going on around them.<br /><br />This is no sweet little tale, the times and people are brutal, but with determination, Great Expectations, Mr. Pip and Matilda's story will live on for many generations.
030726999X|4.0|The book came earlier than expected.  Pages were obviously recycled but were still decent quality.<br />Happy with the purchase
0439023521|5.0|Life as I knew it ceased to exist after reading The Hunger Games. These books are littered with between the line messages about our own privileged human existence. I look at fashion, Lady GaGa for example and cannot help feeling the way Katniss did when she meet her make-over team at the capital. I watch NFL football and I cannot help but think of myself as a game-maker and the players as tributes; right down to their post game interviews.     It's deliciously scary when the realization comes that we are them, they are us. The pain, the starvation in the districts while there is gluttony in the capital, the way children are used as pawns to gain power, all of these themes and more play themselves out on the streets of America (and our whole world) every night.     Suzann Collins, brilliant message I'll never forget again!     We can all be Katniss!    Thank you.
B002TYZKIM|4.0|The showing of his passing services at the Staple Center. And the details of his passing.
B000NU2CY4|1.0|Well, Amazon did it to me too - the picture shows the remastered version and I ordered on that basis, but today what do I receive?  The original version.  Sending it back today for a refund.  BestBuy, here I come.
B001OQCV6A|3.0|Most of the reviews of this movie seem to center around whether or not this Sherlock Holmes is true to the original Conan Doyle stories, and on that count it seems more than fair to say both \\"yes\\" and \\"no.\\" The movie's makers emphasizing the more scintillating aspects of Holmes' personality, such as his skill as a fighter and his selective lack of social graces. To what degree these traits are present in the stories, etc. etc. will be endlessly debated, I am sure. Regardless, it seems that Ritchie selected the character traits that interested him most--and that were most suited to a fast-paced action movie--and put the emphasis on them. That said, it was fun to see some of the less-often depicted aspects of Holmes' personality on display, and I don't discount the movie's portrayal.    With a decent duo established, the movie, however, fails at the plot. The frenzied, often incoherent story threatens to become tiresome as the movie wears on. The frantic pace of the movie coupled with a rather unbelievable plot (to take over the world, no less) made the entire premise unbelievable. So a generally believable, if exaggerated, version of Holmes, with a sturdy Watson, ends up suffering from overproduction and lack of attention to plot, both at the script level and in the frenetic editing. For a mystery, that's a big problem to overcome.     The CGI London, period design, and costumes were all delicious eye candy, and they and the actors made the movie enjoyable, but I came away wishing that--within the stylistic and character choices taken by Ritchie and the actors--the movie had been able to control itself a bit more and in so doing present a more sensible villain and plot to its audience. The different version of Holmes is refreshing and interesting (if debatable), and it would have been nice to have seen him tackle a more thought-out mystery, even at the expense of an action sequence or two.
B000QFW7UA|5.0|You know the audio commentary is spectacular on this Goonies DVD Blu Ray release but Sean Astin who just leaves halfway through is the biggest disgrace of anything I have ever seen.I understand it was on a website that he got mad as he was not given enough time to talk,well thats to bad that his Mother Patty Duke and His father John Astin did not teach him better.
B000WS4QJG|5.0|i love this cd he was my favorite singer of all times, i love him,  i was very sad whe he pass away only at 50 years, love forever michael
B002JVWQSW|5.0|I love this series. I was unable to watch it while it was on TV and was only able to catch two episodes. It only took those two episodes to know that I had to have it for my collection. Season two is on TV right now and of course I work during the air times. So guess what? Im going to get season 2 when it comes out as well! This is a gerat family appropriate show that creates comedy around family structures that are becoming more frequent. Great writing, and brilliant cast.
0882709194|5.0|Only Ray Comfort could have written such an honest look at Darwin's Theory.
1416550550|5.0|I loved this book and I don't read that often. I picked it up while I was in London to read on the long plane ride home. IMO it is beautifully written and  I was mesmerized by the story. I loved all the characters and had no problem following each one of their stories. I loved too how the author incorporated fairy tales in the book that were written by Eliza, one of the main characters. I haven't read a book for so long because I got so tired of all the violence, the sex, and the lack of good writing. So many of the books now a days seem so light weight and without substance. This book was one of those that you hope will be turned into a movie...even though you know it won't be as good as that book!    I love stories you don't want to end, but this one also ended beautifully.     I hope to read more from this author! Bravo!!!!
B001IYCMNA|4.0|This is a great product but if you have little or no network knowledge, little or no router or DHCP server understanding, this product MAY not be for you.  The product instructions tell you that when you have the WAP turned on and connected to your network, to logon to the unit at a specific IP address, much like you would do with your router.  The problem is, if you have a DHCP server on your network, such as the DHCP server found on most home routers, it will most likely have assigned the WAP a different IP address than the instructions tell you to go to.  In my case, I located the WAP in the NETWORK utility on my computer OS and looked at the properties of the WAP to find its IP address.  After finding this information, I was able to logon to the WAP and to make all of the necessary changes to the access point's configuration.  When in the configuration setup of the WAP, I changed it's IP address to a FIXED IP so that the DHP server would not change it again, should the WAP be turned off and on for some reason like a power failure.  If I were to make one suggestion to Cisco about this product, it would be to give it a fixed IP address as the default.
B000QFW7UA|5.0|You know the audio commentary is spectacular on this Goonies DVD Blu Ray release but Sean Astin who just leaves halfway through is the biggest disgrace of anything I have ever seen.I understand it was on a website that he got mad as he was not given enough time to talk,well thats to bad that his Mother Patty Duke and His father John Astin did not teach him better.
B00005RIKD|4.0|Sting is one of those restless creatures of creativity. How does one keep yourself relevant in your own mind when your youthful blurts made you rich? Sting has reinvented himself at least three times; first as the spiky haired lead singer of The Police, then as the jazz-inflected solo artist, and here as the man for all seasons, playing both his old and new material in a setting almost too casual for its own good. Surprisingly enough, it works.<br /><br />Recorded in Italy on September 11, 2001 on the \\"Brand New Day\\" tour and during a period of re-emergence, Sting sounds loose and relaxed. Several of the songs are given a medley treatment, but the playing never falters into camp or awkwardness during the transitions. It's also exquisitely mixed and recorded. Now granted, this is certainly for us middle-agers who have since lost our own frenetic metabolism and can settle for pleasantry in what used to be our rebellions. \\"All This Time\\" does just that.
B003PIUC02|5.0|I ordered Spartacus series one for my husband after seeing the first episode. It was shipped right away and my husband was very happy when he received it, it was a surprise.I have always been happy buying from Amazon, they have great prices and we always get our order right away!
1840220554|5.0|I was very pleased with this purchase.  It arrived on time and in wonderful condition!
0142501123|5.0|Upon the first read you know that both the reader and the child are hooked, and that there will be many more requests for this story. We love the way Julia Donaldson seems to get the words to just flow and all of her stories are just a pleasure to read.
B0015ABRE2|4.0|Once again, Dexter comes through with his murderous hilarity.  The villains are always vile enough to make the viewer totally side with Dexter in wanting them removed from the gene pool, and Dexter obliges.  The comic relief, multiple romances and suspense combine with enough surprises to keep the story line alive and interesting.  I love this series and would give it 4 & 3/4 stars if I could.  Dexter rocks!
0307463745|5.0|This book is the best for who wants a new vision about administration. I was a CEO of a News Agency and I used a lot of the tips from this book.
B003UW6VY4|2.0|I expeced this to be a project where Phil revamped the songs with his kind of flavor. He just did it the way it was originally done. I can get the Motown Greatest hits disc 1, 2, 3, and 4 for that.
B0000AQS0F|4.0|Absolutely phenomenal TV series, too  bad it was cut short.  The series itself deserves five stars, but not only was the case not the one pictured, it had a piece that had broken off when I got it.  Not a big deal, it is just nice to know what you are buying, and a bummer when it arrives a little bit broken when purchased new.
0399215921|2.0|Like a lot of people, I ordered this directly from Amazon, figuring it'd be a regular sized book, or at the very least, about the same size as the board book version of The Very Hungry Caterpillar. Usually Amazon will say in the item title what version the book is, like board book, hardcover, etc. Seeing as how The Very Busy Spider here was the same price as the board book of The Very Hungry Caterpillar, I figured it'd be a board book too. Nope! Granted, the product details do tell you the measurements of the book, but shouldn't they have the decency to say this is a miniature book in the title too? Heck, why order this when you can get the paperback version for the same price through Amazon's Used & New?<br /><br />Either way, this is a fairly cute book, though I don't think it's anywhere near as memorable as Eric Carle's other books like the Caterpillar, Cricket, Ladybug and Firefly books. It's about a [very busy] spider who lands on the scene one day, and just starts to spin its web. Many other animals come over and invite the spider to come with them and have fun, but the spider doesn't reply- it's too busy spinning its web. Finally a rooster asks the spider if it wants to come and chase flies, and by this point, the web's done. The spider doesn't need to reply to the rooster, because after it asks, a fly lands in the web. Story over.<br /><br />There's no real message or moral here that I can figure out, not that it's necessary in order to enjoy the story or anything, but where The Grouchy Ladybug is about bullying and being put in your place, all The Very Busy Spider is is a spider ignoring offers by other animals because it wants to complete its web. Yeah, there could be the message of how important it is to stay focused and finish the job, but I'm sure there are a lot of parents out there who'd whine about the spider having bad manners or something. The art style is done in the standard Carle fashion, always a treat, and the spider's web is done in a special way on the paper so that it's risen from the page a bit and 'bumpy'.<br /><br />I give the book on its own 3.5 stars, but this dinky version: a tiny hardcover book with regular paper pages, not being billed as that in the title and throwing off many people, reduces the score a bit. Sure it could be a good choice to take on trips, but most kids will enjoy the illustrations better if the pages are bigger. Unless your child specifies that they want THIS version, go with the old paperback or hardcovers instead.r so that it's risen from the page a bit and 'bumpy'.    I give the book on its own 3.5 stars, but this dinky version: a tiny hardcover book with regular paper pages, not being billed as that in the title and throwing off many people, reduces the score a bit. Sure it could be a good choice to take on trips, but most kids will enjoy the illustrations better if the pages are bigger. Unless your child specifies that they want THIS version, go with the old paperback or hardcovers instead.
B0006HBZXS|5.0|Outstanding movie with excellemt cast.  Hopkins nails it.  He is probably the best actor of the day.  Baldwin gives an excellent performance as a shallow, weak individual with some few redemptive qualities.    The photography is outstanding and the bear, at times, steals it from this great cast.    The musical score should have been award winning.    A very underrated film.
B00001ODHJ|5.0|My review of Army of Darkness is a review of the DVD with Ash and two skeletons on the cover picture. The DVD has no commentary. It has the original version of the movie with a few DVD extras.    Army of Darkness was the first Bruce Campbell movie I saw. It had its flaws, but for the most part I liked it. I'm afraid to say what is good about the film because I don't want to ruin the funny parts for people who haven't seen the movie.    I first heard about Army of Darkness on a television show about how they do stunts for movies. They showed how they did a stunt in the movie and it was obviously a movie in the fantasy genre so I couldn't wait to see it. Unfortunately I didn't see any advertisements for the movie when it was released in the theaters. I finally saw a poster advertising the video cassette release at Suncoast Video. A little later my parents rented it and I finally got to watch it.    The main character Ash (played by the great Bruce Campbell) is sucked through a portal to medieval times where he has to help the people living in a walled castle fight evil demons.    The movie is a Dino de Laurentiis movie (the guy who made the two Conan the Barbarian movies) and it is one of the last of its type. Bruce Campbell is hilarious. After seeing Army of Darkness I saw him again in Brisco County Jr., a Wild Wild West kind of show, and then later on he was great in both Hercules and Xena playing the character Autolycus.     Army of Darkness is a seamless fusion of fantasy and horror. It manages to have both an Chivalric feel and a creepy feel at the same time. It also has lots of laughs. After I saw it, I found out later that it was the third movie in a series of movies called the Evil Dead movies.
0790737345|5.0|I love this movie and was glad to see that it was here on Amazon.I love the overall story but ending was sad. Good move and a great movie to add to any collection.
0790749815|5.0|this is my favorite hitchcock movie.  it has a little of everything, comedy, drama, suspense along with excellent acting from all the stars including james mason and eva marie saint.  it is very interesting to see how hitchcock  pulls off each scene.  it has lots of action and it keeps you interested until the very end.  enjoyable to watch.  i love alfred hitchcock movies because of all the suspense and drama he creates and this one has it all.
B003PIUC02|5.0|great serie, one of the best that was created for TV. but you need to be prepare for all the Blood and Sand that you will see here.
B001PU8N0I|5.0|This is a very facinating story with many funny and interesting characters.  The story is a tangle but it gets straightened out in the end.  Well worth the money spent - you have to pay attentiont to catch everything - I loved it!
0312600844|5.0|First, the reviewer who thinks Tom Wolfe's atrociously trite \\"A Man in Full\\" is a superior work to \\"Freedom\\" must live on the same planet where \\"Angels in the Outfield\\" gets screened over \\"Through a Glass Darkly\\" in film school.    Without turning this review into a review of other reviews, I nonetheless want to draw attention to some negative comments.  First, some folks complain they do not \\"like\\" characters...okay...so by this logic not liking an murderous organized crime boss is grounds for dismissing cinematic gems like \\"The Godfather I and II\\"--certainly not III--and the first, third, and final seasons of \\"The Sopranos.\\" If simply not liking a character were legitimate grounds for dismissing on a piece of art, than the fact Rabbit Angstrom is a jackass would sink the Rabbit books:  skip the novella \\"Rabbit Remembered,\\" depart Rabbit with \\"Enough.\\"  I personally liked Swede Levoy, so Roth's masterpiece \\"American Pastoral\\" happens to be a great book with an amicable main character, but it was not the reason I tore through Pastoral in four engrossing days in a Recoleta apartment:  Cheever-like narrative direction was the main reason, learning about glove-making and Newark the others.     Second, some negative reviews dismiss the book as not \\"believable.\\"  Well, as someone familiar with most of the locales of the book:  my wife and I attended Joey's alma mater, we live in Washington D.C., I frequently visit the NYC area, I am originally from Chicago--Oak Park, have old family roots in Spencer, West Virginia, and spent a month living in Argentina, I counter with an emphatic \\"huh, really, I guess you just aren't paying attention.\\"  I have never been to St. Paul.  I also have never been to Paraguay, but a good friend is from there, and he says the brief Paraguyan passage was accurate.    I counsel non-profits and can attest that Walter's experiences are EXACTLY like the day to day life of a non-profit attorney.  I guess my point is I caution against making judgmentsabout a book's subjects if the reader has little or no acquired wisdom regarding these subjects.  I knew somebody who helped administer the shady no-bid deals of US-Iraq War, and he said it was just like Joey's experiences in Paraguay:  shady, backroom deals thrown together with little regard for our troops and maximum regard for profiteering.  I knew College athletes, and their experiences seem to have been similar to Patty's...ditto for self-absorbed counter-culture musicians such as Katz.    Nothing really needs to be added that has not been said in other reviews:  I agree Franzen is our generation's Updike, I agree the book could have been 3000 pages and still could keep going, I agree this book merits serious literary attention.  That said, there were some minor technical issues: first, Franzen could have been more clear that the first year dorms at UVA do not go directly onto lawn;  the \\"old\\" dorms are close, but Franzen makes it seem they lead DIRECTLY onto the lawn, when in fact its a brief walk down campus.  Also, I cannot find anywhere that the College Connie briefly attends exists in Virginia; I find this odd because Franzen chose non-fictional settings, unlike his fictionalized town in \\"The Corrections\\" and the fictionalized Reading, PA of Brewer, PA that frames much of the Rabbit books.  I am more confused than angered by these technical issues, given the book's overall general acute attention to detail.      On to Wallace...sad...so sad...without knowing who Wallace was in 2003 I picked up \\"Infinite Jest\\" in Hamburg, Germany during a semester abroad. Bored, hating law school, and needing distraction, I found the longest book I could in the English section.  I digested this tome in similar fashion as \\"Freedom,\\" looking up only at chapter endings and, in the case of \\"Infinite Jest,\\" to sip a latte in one of Hamburg's many excellent cafes.   I read a few years later Franzen lived with Wallace when he wrote \\"Infinite Jest.\\"      Many reviewers who enjoyed\\"Freedom\\" have probably read some of the books I am about to list; each of these merit what is a uniquely subjective and personal criteria:  so good I blew off school, work, and familial obligations of some nature because these are just so, so good:    1)  Catcher in the Rye: high school summer reading, miss you JD;  2)  The Grapes of Wrath;  3)  The Rabbit Books  4)  Roger's Version  5)  American Pastoral  6)  Portnoy's Complaint;  7)  When She Was Good;  8)  The Wapshot Books;  9)  Oh What a Paradise it Seems (sorry, critics hated this book, but I should just put anything by Cheever on this list)  10)  Anything by Cheever;  11)  The Coup (anything fiction by Updike before 1980, after 1980 Roger's Version and Rabbit at Rest\\"  12)  Invisible Man;  13)  Infinite Jest;  14)  White Noise;  15)  Libra;  16)  The Armies of the Night;  17)  The Executioner's Song;  18)  A Confederacy of Dunces;  19)  A Farewell to Arms;  20)  Freedom.    I am about to read The Corrections again, my memories of reading it back in 2005 are good, not great, but maybe a second reading will reveal something new; similar to how when I re-read Rabbit Redux last Thanksgiving my least favorite of the series became my favorite: an indispensable piece of American social history.      Everyone has noted the elements of such writers as Updike and Wallace in \\"Freedom.\\"  Did anyone else find the nature writing a tribute to America's greatest naturalist, Henry David Thoreau?  Also, can someone tell me how  Saul Bellow had a ? If I wanted to read rambling, pseudo-intellectual detritus with little or no connectivity between ideas this would be my dude, but I prefer good writers.
B002JVWQSW|5.0|If you need to have a good laugh,  no a GREAT LAUGH, purchase this show.  It keeps you laughing and laughing all the way  through. I recommend this for everyone.  I purchased one for myself and one for my brother.
B002N5N4M6|5.0|great show, I missed most of season 3 due to being on later. It's still just as funny as the first two. I love the character Raj.
B001PJRAUS|5.0|If you are a fan of the Jane Austen books, you'll love this movie.  It's a unique take and very entertaining.
0312370849|3.0|This book was excellent two thirds of the way through.  It was about an historical event that I was not familiar with.  The book was gripping in the beginning, and was very accurate in its account of what occured in France during the night of the Round Up.  However,  it failed to deliver, once the \\"discovery\\" is made, a turning point in the story, the excitement is over.  The rest of the book is very predictable a reads like a sappy romance novel.  I was very disappointed.
1416596097|3.0|To say I'm a Le Carre fan is to say I've read most of his books with enthusiasm. In A Most Wanted Man I could not find the dense emotional character studies that have intrigued me in the past. Reading the book, I sensed a large part of each sublot had been cut short. The attachments made visible by various characters appeared to be based on knowledge not given to the reader. Main characters lacked depth, charisma, and were unsympathetic.  Triangular attachments: Annabell, Brue, Assa: Bachmann, Axelrod, Erna were superficial and stifled. Perhaps we are supposed to feel the \\"Germanic\\" stoicism of the period or the paranoia of the post 9/11 era. If we were, it did not work. For the first time after reading one of Le Carre's novels, I was not left questioning what might have been, or revisiting a favorite character in my mind. This book simply did not leave me happily anticipating another Le Carre novel.
1848566190|5.0|The Art Of Drew Struzan is a wonderful book featuring several examples of Drew's illustration mastery in a form rarely seen.  He offers commentary on each piece along with prelimary drawings accompanying each of the finished illustrations presented.  For illustrators of any level and/or fans of Drew's movie poster work, this is a highly recommended book.      The layout and design of the book is very nice; clearly presented with taste and class.  However, the actual quality of the book itself is less than exemplary.  I've examined numerous copies of the book virtually every one contained some sort of printing flaw, either on the cover or within the book.  Appears to be a cheaper quality overseas job.  Less expensive to keep costs down, but less control over the finished product.    I appreciated Amazon's communication, customer service and pricing.  However, I ultimatatly had to return three copies of this book to Amazon because each one arrived with some sort of damage incurred in shipping.  To their credit the company honored their return policy and tried to please me.  I admit, I am meticulous about the condition of my books;  probably more than the average customer.  However I don't believe I should accept merchandise that received damage due to insufficient packaging.  Why Amazon continues to ship valuable items in cheap, thin, flimsy cartons just boggles my mind.  Ends arrived crushed; spines will be buckled from having been dropped on them.  Bubble wrap, immobilizing the book upon a larger board so the edges and spine can't be touched should the book drop and packing the carton with stiffer material to cushion mishandling would do the trick...but I guess that would cost too much money and it is worth it to the company to simply return or write off damaged copies, or hope that less fussy customers will just accept the dinged ones, than to go to the trouble.  A shame, because I appreciate the deep discounting but I do not appreciate lazy, flimsy packing.
B003ZK58WM|1.0|No sale here.  $10 Too much.  Publisher's need to know that $10 is the right price for an eBook.  Nothing more!
038533348X|1.0|This guy is just so horribly depressing. I thought he was a humanist but he's just obsessed with the abyss. Sad.
1595141715|4.0|I was looking for audio books to listen to for a upcoming journey.  I picked up this book, read the blurb on the back, and decided to take it. Whoever wrote this is not just a book for teens is correct.  I found it compelling and was unable to stop listening until I reached the end.  It is a story of so many missed opportunities for a young girl to be saved. It resonated with me because I remember how vicious teens can be to each other.  And it also showed there are good people who make bad choices that they have to live with for the rest of their lives. I like that the audio book used two voices to narrate the story; this make it all the more haunting.
B002GY9F9K|1.0|I have no idea what possessed Terry Goodkind to allow someone to completely warp and destroy one of the greatest book series I have ever read.  I can't tell you how many times I yelled BS at the TV screen while I watched this show, or how many times I couldn't stand watching it anymore and just shut it off.  For the people who have never read the books and enjoyed the show, I feel very sorry for you.  Because if this show had been done properly and in tune with the books it would have been a masterpiece to dwarf even the lord of the rings trilogy.  So BRAVO terty goodkind for making something great then letting other people take a nice steaming dump all over it.
B0032JTV6U|5.0|I absolutely have no issues with this DVD set!!!  I think the show is great and the DVD's are well made.
B001684L0A|5.0|After I rented this the first time I knew it was something I wanted to own.  It is fascinating seeing the revolution from John Adams point of view.  Especially since he was in France and the Netherlands for a good chunk of it, and as the first vice-president he really had little say in passing new legislation.  He took an intersting observers view and I found the show well acted and informative.
B0021L8V1Q|5.0|Iron Man 2 is an amazing film. It features everything you could possibly want in an action film, its got a great well constructed and well thought out story, its funny, its exciting, and its action packed. I liked the first and loved this one. This 3 Disc Blu-Ray set is really not needed over the one disc unless you want the dvd of it also, but I got the three-disc because I like to have the best edition. Its wonderful on the surround sound system, I really reccommend you buy it.
B0040T7B2W|5.0|Belle & Sebastian have left me astonished and very pleased since her first album, \\"Write About Love\\" very well built, characterized by the unique sound that only Stuart Murdoch knows how to create through the total assembly is Belle & Sebastian.<br /><br />Despite the criticism, let me say that Belle And Sebastian are the perfect ensemble that has filled my life (and many others) of wonderful moments, and still do, with a deep poetry and beautiful melodies, to express my deepest respect a great admiration for the art work full of sensibility, intellect, depth and virtuosity, an impressive mixture of rich, orchestral-pop melody and witty.<br /><br />Write About Love is another reinvention, is a record of out-and-out prettiness, one replete with guest vocalists and great beauty, Write About Love is a new conquest of Scotland Group. After all, the pop machine made by Murdoch and company knows the secret to giving a solid collection of songs.<br /><br />This album is a bright and peppy album, the instrumentation on the record is richly recorded and the continuing expanded musical palette does not detract from what makes Belle and Sebastian tunes unique.<br /><br />Stuart Murdoch is one of the best character creators in music today, with his tales of boys and girls in love, being thwarted and finding it hard to fit in. The music of Belle and Sebastian is witty, dark and engrossing.
0316069485|5.0|This is a great read.  I like the Harry Bosch series and this has Harry working together with his brother Mickey Haller and ex-wife, Maggie McPherson.  Once you start reading, it's hard to put down.  It also lays the ground work for the next book which I can't wait to read.  Harry's already working on it at the end of this book.
0393312836|4.0|this is a crazy awesome book.... I had to read a couple of things a few times since it's oddly written, but all in all, a great read! thanks
B003U0AHBO|2.0|I love Russell Crowe and Ridley Scott, but this movie was a big disapppointment.  The character of Robin Hood was too reactive and not active enough.  It seems he spent most of the movie with his eyes on the ground.  There was no brilliant or amazing action or dialogue.  Too ho-hum, for me, and predictable.  The one time the Merry Men get to rob someone, it is so dark, it's hard to tell what is happening.  The really good movies, like \\"Master and Commander\\" you want to pull out and watch again and again.  I have seen this take on Robin Hood once and it is enough.
0061537969|5.0|I started reading the book on a flight to Seattle. The wonderful narrative and a great vacation in Seattle made the book speak to me more. I am also a dog owner, so it was easy to fall in love with Enzo. I do not follow the sport of race cars but the allegories to life were excellent and I was constanstly reading parts out loud to my family. I would recommend the book to everyone.
B0024FAR5W|2.0|well i got this move for a friend and she had it already..... i returned this item and i got no refund i am very mad and upset....
0439023521|5.0|THIS IS THE BEST BOOK IN THE HISTORY OF THE WORLDS BOOKS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I have already read the hunger games and catching fire but i am just starting to read mockingjay... I advise that you DO READ THIS BOOK!!!!!! AGAIN THIS IS THE BEST BOOK I HAVE READ IN MY LIFE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
B003ZEQMIC|2.0|The DVD I received was not the movie. The package contained only the 2nd disk with special features. I ordered the movie, not the special features.
0142501123|5.0|This book is fun to read and my daughter loves the story. She has it memorized now but she still insists I read it over and over. This is one I don't get sick of! :) Buy it! You will not be sorry.
0307266303|4.0|Pros: excellent page turner of a book, inspiring, illuminating and fun.     Cons: a bit lightweight, but then you probably already knew that.    It's an easy book to like. It has heroes and villains. It has lunatics and eccentrics. It's part adventure and part anthropological examination. It might inspire you to try something different. Christopher McDougall is a talented writer with a knack for magazine journalism. A lot of folks who are out there looking for an \\"important\\" book about (a) distance running, (b) the Tarahumara, or (c) the anthropology of man the runner are going to be disappointed. But if you're interested in an introduction to the world of ultramarathons, a cursory history of the Tarahumara, and a pre-history overview of man the runner/hunter, this is an excellent starting point. Some of the one-star reviews slam it because the audio book was boring. Can't speak to that. I don't do audio books. At least one reviewer slams it because he watched the video on YouTube rather than reading the book. That's just silly. As for the handful who found it a boring read, I have no idea. I've tried to read \\"running books\\" and simply haven't been able to get through them. This at least has a narrative thread with various rabbit-hole tangents and makes you wonder about the industry that's grown up around running. I recommend it heartily as infotainment. Serious literature or instruction it's not.
B003XX2PD6|5.0|Revival drew me to this album as I heard it played on SiriusXM so I purchased the entire CD and am very happy I did. I like every track but my favorites are Desire lines, He would have laughed, and helicopter along with Revival. My first Deerhunter CD and I've been enjoying it since I got it. I passed it on to my son to enjoy as well. Nice job guys!!
B000AP04NI|5.0|\\"Oklahoma\\" is one of the very best musicals ever made.  I put it right up there with \\"My Fair Lady\\", and \\"State Fair\\".  I've probably watched it 20+ times over the years, and it never gets old or tiring.  It's a rousing production that leaves me humming or whistling the songs for days.  You might even say that it's real Americana.  Just love it.
0811876373|4.0|Latest trend in cake baking.  Great idea.  not sure how easy these are to transport from a bakery to home.    congrats to the confectionary artist.
0345505387|1.0|The Exile has trivialized what is otherwise an exceptional work of modern story-telling.  I'm rereading Outlander in order to vanquish the taint left by this oversimplified and often silly rendition of one of my favorite epic novels.
B003V5PPZG|5.0|Why is everybody whining about it not being like the first two albums? When was being different a bad thing? It amazes me how people can't seem to accept the fact that LP wanted to go a different direction with this album instead of doing the exact same thing as Hybrid Theory and Meteora. If you would like to know Mike's take on the subject, just listen to \\"When They Come For Me\\", which is where the above quote came from.    I personally really enjoy this album. It's almost a mix of old-LP and Pink Floyd, and it's awesome. By that I mean I feel like the vocals are much closer to their old sound, but they are experimenting A LOT with the instruments. It honestly sounds like Hahn is doing all the work (which is why I was confused when it was announced that six songs are going to be in Guitar Hero). My other complaint is that there are really only 9 full songs on this album; the rest are filler songs that sound like they came from a Pink Floyd album, hence the comparison.     Personal favorite songs include \\"When They Come For Me\\", \\"Waiting For The End\\", \\"Blackout\\", and \\"Wretches and Kings\\" as my overall favorite from the album.
0525423842|4.0|Another great Grisham's book. This book is more for teens. I was glad to read it was clean. As an adult I loved this book but it would appeal to the younger crowd. I wish the ending was alittle different. Maybe part II?
B000002GWN|5.0|I've been a fan of Joni's since the early 70's.  Absolutely love her(and had an opportunity to see her in the Burg).  I think that when Tom Scott & the L A Express played for her, she was at her best! This live c.d. is fabulous, I have worn out albums, tapes and now on the 2nd c.d of Miles of Ailes.
0307454541|5.0|Though this book was a hard read to begin with, you got to keep with it! It is great and I cannot wait to read the next book in the series.
1423113381|5.0|My 11 yr old Son Loves all Rick Riordan's Books, great books, really kicked him into reading.
B002ZG98XW|5.0|This was one awesome movie. I bet Diane Lane will get an oscar for this one. You will just fall in love with Big Red aka Secretariat. I too didn't know the story behind him and his owner. I was amazed at how clean it was. This was a great walt disney movie! It was very moving and take the family to see this one. Can't wait to get it!
0345505387|4.0|I was a little skeptical, but this book is unique.  After falling in love with Jamie years ago, it is nice to hear the story from his perspective.  Not massive content here, but quality of content is excellent.
B003ZK58WM|1.0|Count me as another Follet fan who won't buy this based solely on the price.  Instead of $9.99 in revenue, I'll be waiting for this to come my way via the local library.    Penguin's pricing strategy = idiotic.
0684859106|3.0|Back in the day, the Magnolia Bakery was a very welcome departure from the fancy high-end classic French pastries sold at Payard, the snobbery of Balthazar and the $20+ danishes sold at the impossible-to-get-in Bouley Bakery.  Old darkly-lit bakeries staffed by grouchy old bakers were closing one by one and sources of whipped buttercream were becoming scarce in the city.<br /><br />The Magnolia Bakery sold what NY-ers wanted in individual sizes suited to the NY lifestyle: basic cakes and treats made fresh from good ingredients that reminded you of your childhood.  This cookbook contains these very basic recipes that could have very well been the same exact recipes your mother or grandmother used.  Some of the recipes are even favourites from the back of a box at one time!<br /><br />This is not a cookbook for those looking to make the perfect technical cupcake, nor for original recipes or insights but rather as a souvenir of their visit.  There aren't too many steps per recipe nor are there detailed lessons on technique.  Most tips are commonsensical for the moderately experienced baker, such as not icing a warm cake. As the recipes are so simple, there are only a handful of well-photographed pictures in the center of the book.<br /><br />Do I bake from this book? Yes I do, occasionally by request but mostly for the memories and the nostalgia of my time in NY.
B002JVWR9U|5.0|i love this series!<br />i read the books before the series came out. and i really couldnt get it the series when it first came out. and some of the girls i work read the books with me and they started to watch the show, but i couldnt get it too, so when i order things on amazon they always show me stuff that is recommended to me. and THE VAMPIRE DIARIES  was one of the recommends, so i order it well lets just say my husband was pretty mad at me when i got them cause i didnt want to do anything but watch the show!!! lol i love this show and i cant wait for season 2 to be done so i can have it on dvd!!!! and im team damon!! lol :) it is a must buy and watch!!! thursday nights at my house are very quite!! lol :)
B002ZG99A4|2.0|Well this movie was a huge disappointment.<br /><br />When I first read about this movie I was really excited! The concept of a bunch of movie bad asses coming onto the screen In a big throw back to classic action movies sounded too good to be true. Well that's probably because it is.  This movie shouldn't even have half of the cast because the only two characters that seem to matter are the ones portrayed by Jason Statham and Sylvester Stallone. The story was weak, characters cliched, and the action was lame. I came out of the theater wishing that I had 2 hours of my life back and 7 bucks left in my pocket.<br /><br />Pros:<br />*Jason and Sylvester make an interesting team<br />*The gritty look was pretty cool<br />*Mickey Rourke's character was awesome<br />*Opening action was entertaining<br /><br />Cons:<br />*Over half of the cast was under utilized<br />*Story was weak<br />*Action was lame<br />*Blood SFX looked like crap<br />*Was not the \\"Mangasm\\" the commercial promised<br /><br />Overall:<br />Believe me, I really REALLY wanted this movie to be everything it promised...but it just wasn't.<br />If they had tried a little harder then this could have been something awesome, but falls very short in the end.<br />I'd say skip it. Maybe a rental if you like Stallone.
B003YOZNBK|2.0|I don't know about anyone else, but for a die-hard comic geek like me, seeing a Jonah Hex movie is a bit of a strange thing.  Regardless, here we are with Josh Brolin no less playing the scarred bounty hunter, and John Malkovich playing his nemesis Turnbull.  The surprising production values and the even more surprisingly noteworthy cast of actors could have really combined to make Jonah Hex a worthwhile comic adaptation, but sadly, the end result isn't anything really worth writing home about, albeit the film itself is not nearly as terrible as early teasers and its poor box office had suggested.  Hex is on Turnbull's tail as the villain plans to watch America burn in flames during its centennial event, with Hex's partner being that of a prostitute (Megan Fox, because they figured eye candy would be better than Hex's male comic ally Batlash).  A majority of the action scenes are shallow, not to mention the violence of which and authenticity of the old west are just watered down to comply with the PG-13 rating.  Still, Brolin is decent enough as Hex (and the prosthetic makeup isn't bad either), Malkovich mails it in, Fox's brief role is nothing more than said eye-candy, and even other actors such as Will Arnett, Aidan Quinn, Lance Reddick, and Jeffrey Dean Morgan in an uncredited cameo don't seem to have too much interest in the proceedings.  Michael Fassbender (Inglourious Basterds and soon to be seen as the young Magneto in the X-Men prequel) isn't bad as Turnbull's irish, tattooed henchman, but that's pretty much it.  All in all, Jonah Hex is a brisk endeavor that isn't nearly as bad as one would think, but as said before, there isn't a whole lot to admire here either.
B001AQO3QA|1.0|I already own these movies. Hell, I've owned the two movies that I actually want on VHS and DVD.     So why is this set $95 dollars?    Because it is a new movie and they are attempting to recoup their investment?  No, all have been out forever and are quite profitable.    Because the blu-ray technology costs so much?  No, I have bought several great movies (that looked great too) right here on Amazon for only $10.   The first Terminator  V for Vendetta  The Usual Suspects  All great movies and all $10    Because of all the extras?  No, we'll all look at them once, but we really just want to watch the movies.    Because they think that we are fanboys that will buy it at any price.  Obviously, otherwise this would be priced more reasonably or the movies would be sold individually.    We all want the first teo movies, we would like to have the second two. the extra features are great, but aren't they supposed to be extras. This set is charging a ton for those extras.     This isn't the only set like this (I'm talking about you Magnificent Seven) and although it kills me not to have some of these in blu-ray I guess I will have to do with my DVD versions for now.     Sell these at a reasonable price and I'll buy them. (Back to the Future...three movies with extras $45 and digital file) Try to hijack my memories and get me to pay twice what they should and I won't.
0316077054|3.0|I read Beautiful Creatures this past summer. Took up Ethan Wate as a personal role and fell in love with Lena Duchannes. I could not wait until the sequel came out this past week. I preordered it and read it in three days.       This sequel did not disappoint. It was everything I wanted and more. In the beginning seeing the characters drift in different directions. In some spots it pained me physically to see these things happen to Lena and Ethan. When Lena starts to feel strange and she has to leave Ethan, I wanted to lay down and cry. Then the new character of Liv was introduced to the novel which brought an entirely new spin on things. I began to fall in love with Liv, there was a love triangle that I couldn't resist delving deeper and deeper into. And then a new caster was introduced. All of these new characters made for an amazing sequel. It makes it so some one must get hurt, which would make for great emotional tension; There cannot be an entirely happy ending to this story.    Until we reach about page 422. Where we get towards the end of our journey. Things start to get hazy. There are components left completely unsaid. People start popping out of nowhere and helping our gang of misfits to resolve the conflict. A conflict which is left COMPLETELY unresolved by the way. It ended in a way so similar to the last novel that I actually became angry. WHAT ABOUT LIV!??     This novel starts out very well and makes me glad that there was a sequel to Beautiful Creatures. But the conflicts that arise in the beginning and that have so much potential for an emotional rollercoaster, I feel do not live up to what they could have been.     This being said. It is worth reading. I will never be able to forget Ethan Wate and Lena, which is why I can already see myself preordering the next edition to this series.
0345505387|5.0|An excellent new take on a story I fell in love with years ago. I love the different perspective and the artwork is amazing!
B0000AQS0F|5.0|Do yourself a favor and open yourself to one of the most enjoyble forays into the nature of the human mind, in all of film or television.  You will instantly fall in love with one of the deeply developed characters in the show.  You will find yourself drawn closer and closer to each as tensions jolt all into moments of decisions that test there characters and their willingness to extend themselves for the sake of another.    You will not be disappointed.
0061433047|5.0|I deleted a long, involved review because it seems to me that in the end, it comes down to just a few words.    Heartwarming, awe-inspiring, content.    Thank you Terry Pratchett.  You have done what so few authors can do- you have ended a beloved series in just the perfect way.  Forgive my tears at the ending, I can assure you they were from happiness and in appreciation of your masterful story telling.    Thank you.
B0038Q3UKA|5.0|Some pianists have their talent, technical skill and creative capacity enwrapped in a special aura of individual charisma, of magic and mystics. Arthur Rubinstein no doubt belonged to them, and it is as certain that Radu Lupu participates in the divine circle of those happy few. The composed and peaceful intimacy of his musical phrasing, the powerful outbursts of argumentation and feeling, the natural timing of his meditative discourse, and the sublime lack of \\"perfection-for-perfection's own sake\\" - all of it makes you feel like partaking in a uplifting, inspiring conversation with a good friend and a wise man, full of humble and very personal insights in the mysteries of life.  So when Sir Colin Davis, according to the booklet of this box, says that Lupu gives you the music exactly as it is, I am not at all convinced. Music as it is is in fact a very dull chapter without interpretation. Lupu's playing presents music very much as Lupu is, in a distinguished private atmosphere, uniquely, lively, and still serenely, close to the fundamentals of human life.  The box of ten discs with the recordings from the late decades of the 20th century , that Decca now presents, is something to be welcomed with jubilance. It could be called the essentials of Radu Lupu, all of them solo recitals, with the exception of an up to now unknown recording of Beethoven's third concerto. Two records are dedicated to Beethoven: Beside the third concerto, executed in a deeply engrossed way with London Philharmonic Orchestra under Lawrence Foster, also a ravishing rendering of the C minor Variations and three of the great sonatas: \\"Moonlight\\", \\"Pathétique\\", and \\"Waldstein\\", all of them played in that profound emotional contemplation that is Lupu's signature.  Brahms is also represented with two discs, one with the third sonata in F minor, and the rarely played \\"Theme and Variations\\" in D minor, arranged from the String quartet in B flat major, the other one containing the many short pieces op. 117, 118, 119, and a couple of rhapsodies op 79. This is the great surprise of the box, because Lupu is here playing Brahms with an unusually impressive force and depth, with a weighty lightness that makes Brahms' piano music sound exuberantly focused and nuanced.  However, the peak of the box is the five Schubert discs: all the impromptus, the \\"Moment musicaux\\", and all the great sonatas, and some of the less well-known too. There is a glorious harmony and a intense personal temper resting over them all, and Lupu's way of introvert playing is flourishing here, in a natural Schubert manner, hard to excel. Delightful but a bit variable are the three Schumann pieces: \\"Humoreske\\" a trifle uneven, \\"Kinderszenen\\" slightly pale compared to the rest, though \\"Kreisleriana\\" is exceedingly superb, sparklingly romantic and excitably volatile.  This Decca box must be ranked as one of the great piano events of the year. Maybe the greatest!
B000002VMD|4.0|I only bought this album because I wanted the original unmixed or edited version of the song, I'm Every Woman, as recorded by Whitney Houston as opposed to Chaka Khan's original version.
140130916X|5.0|This novel is fun, tender and sad; but mostly it is very very human. You can´t help yourself feeling identified with all character's way of living, but mostly with the first character's long-grieving and recovering process, after she lost her reason for living. I think if Holly Kennedy can endure and start over, after her husband's death, we all can find satisfaction and success in our lives, if we want to.   This novel teaches us how.
1416972250|5.0|This is the best book in The Mortal Instruments series by Cassandra Clare. A beautiful story, and an amazing ending! This book series is my favorite so far! I can't wait for the next book, City of Fallen Angels!
B001ECQ6YW|5.0|my son was asking me to get it for him and i don feel disapointed. wonderfull movie.
B003XWEQ1G|5.0|Out of ALL of the versions I have ever seen, this one is far and away my favorite.  I cannot say it is fully accurate, because it is not, but the history books in England do not agree on the why's, when's and where's of Robin of the Hood either.    If you watch the description of the movie by Russell Crowe you will find out EXACTLY what it is about.  It is a movie about man's inhumanity towards his fellow man as well as a GREAT love story.  Blanchett & Crowe are superb.    Terrific movie, 5 stars, whichever of the many ways works for you make sure you SEE it.
0316077054|5.0|Beautiful Darkness is a wonderful return to the characters and town we were all introduced to last year in the debut novel Beautiful Creatures, by authors Kami Garcia and Margaret Stohl. They do a great job of adding new struggles and questions for Ethan and Lena, while bringing in new characters and added depth to the magic and history of their southern town. I am already craving a return to Gatlin in the third installment of this highly addictive series.
044024238X|4.0|I'm a big fan of Kinsella and have read all her books. This one was one of my favorites even though the story was kind of out there (this would never happen in real life). I still got hooked as usual. This is the type of book you read for a quick escape from reality. It's fun and light and makes you laugh. Can't wait to dive into the next one. I gave it 4 stars because the ending was a bit of a dissapointment.
0385340540|2.0|Fairly boring story, lots of good info on Italian culture, history and cuisine<br /><br />Read by Michael Beck.<br />10 discs.<br />11 hours, 30 minutes.<br /><br />The last two thrillers that I have read by John Grisham have been anything but. A couple of years ago I listened to [[ASIN:0385339658 The King of Torts]] and came away with a great education in class action lawsuits but at the cost of a disappointing story. With \\"The Broker\\", I came away with a great education in Italian culture, cuisine and great insights into the oft-overlooked city of Bologna, Italy - but it was a thriller with precious few thrills.<br /><br />\\"The Broker\\" is centers around Joe Blackman, a Washington, D.C. lobbyist that plays fast and loose with all of the rules and revels in throwing his weight all over town. Blackman is approached by Pakastani computer hackers who have discovered and hijacked a set of super high tech spy satellites with a special computer program. They want Blackman to sell it to the highest bidder and soon enough the Israelis, the Saudis, the Chinese and the CIA are all interested. One of Blackman's associates winds up murdered and an FBI probe into Blackman's practices place him in prison.<br /><br />Suddenly, he is part of a surprise last minute pardon deal by an outgoing president and he is whisked into a witness protection program administered by the CIA in Italy. Blackman is forced to learn a new language and a new culture. Most of the book deals with Blackman's lessons and endless trips to drink espresso in one coffee shop after another in Bologna, Italy. Seriously, at least 2/3 of the book is Italian lessons, lunch at one Italian restaurant after another or visits to Italian cultural sites. I am quite sure the inspiration to write this book was the desire to spend a great deal of time in Italy and still be able to write off every bill as a business expense on Grisham's income taxes.<br /><br />If you are a fan of Italy, this may very well be your book. If you are a hardcore international spy thriller book fan, don't bother.k fan, don't bother.
B0044430H8|5.0|big fan of NIN and HTDA. interesting musical project. like it. great price. well gone
B000059PQQ|5.0|I saw this movie when I was 13, many years ago and recently decided I wanted a copy so went online to find it. Amazon had the best price so I ordered it. Watching it again after all these years I still laughed at the absurdity of it! Great all star cast, great acting and filming. Shipping was fast and product was better than described and arrived in excellent condition. I have ordered online from Amazon in the past and have never been disappointed.
0545265355|5.0|This product was exactly as it was described in the listing. The series itself was excellent.
0345505387|1.0|I had waited for this for sometime but when I finally got it and browsed through it, i was really disappointed. All other reviewers are right. the look of Jamie, Claire are not consistent. It's like a draft not a finished one. I'd say the example pages shown above on the Amazon are only few that appears okay.  I think Hoang Nguyen has done a terrible job.  Many Japanese illustrators would have done a better job.  Please don't waste your money and time on this even though you're a fan of DG's outlander series...
B002ZG974M|5.0|This documentary is both beautiful and poignant.  It shows us the development of 4 babies from various corners of the world from their birth until they are walking.  There is no narration telling us what to think.  We simply observe their development and behavior and interactions with their families.  I disagree with the reviewer that said this is a movie about nothing.  This movie is about so much more that it seems on the surface, but told very simply.  As an early childhood educator, I highly recommend this film.  I will be using it in future coursework.
B003YWUTKM|3.0|HMMMM.  It was Ok...but not spectacular.......I guess I was expecting more Pink Floyd and got Pink FlOrb.......I have listened to it a couple of times and basically..I'd rather go back and hear my old Jean Michael Jarre records or David Gilmore work with Alan Parsons. Again it was just OK....
0316069485|4.0|This book was a welcome relief after the abysmal \\"9 Dragons.\\"  I loved having both Bosch and Haller get equal face time and also enjoyed the way in which the author switched between the two perspectives.    The premise, or the case, in this book was compelling too.  Haller switching sides to re-prosecute a 24 year old murder case.  I would have liked a little more in depth and detailed story of the original crime and investigation and as always with mysteries, a was a little let down by the ending.  I have yet to find an a-ha moment that lives up to the storytelling in the book.  I think I just wanted more about the original crime.    I hope that we are getting a peek of what future books in this series will be like...Bosch, Haller and Maggie McFierce.  It was a great combination.
B000RIWAVW|2.0|Probably the most overrated horror film of all time isn't as dull as the numerous clones \\"inspired\\" by it, but just comes to me as mediocre and not the spectacular chiller critics described it as.<br /><br />  There isn't much to say. Michael Myers is the masked killer stalking teenagers on Halloween night. He's somewhat scary with his pale-faced mask and hidden face, but like the rest of this movie and unlike most good but cheap horror films (Night of the Living Dead comes to mind), the low production values don't add to the suspense; they make us imagine how much better the movie could've been. His opening origin scene is certainly scary. After his first killing as an innocent child, he's been imprisoned in an asylum for fifteen years. He escapes on Halloween night and immediately finds his hometown where he'll find his sister, and even buys a knife and mask, no problem. This would be instantly forgivable if what I'm about to say in the next paragraph wasn't true.<br /><br />  Once we see young Jamie Lee Curtis as Michael's teenage sister, things slow way down from there. Way down. The movie is just the sister and her teenage friends talking about, well, teenage things. This goes on forever, but every five minutes we do see Michael again, foreshadowing the horror about to happen. But it barely does happen. That's the movie for ya: everything but scares. There are scares; precious few, but genuine scares, which is depressing when you think about what Halloween could've been if it was more scares and less teenagers doing whatever.<br /><br />  The teens ride around in their cars and talk, talk on the phone, gossip at school, have sex, you get the idea. When I realized almost none of this was crucial to the plot or scares was when my excitement for seeing one of the most popular horror movies of all time began to dissolve. Halloween is less of a horror movie than an American Graffiti wannabe interrupted by horror every so often. Did I mention the typical missed opportunities in the killer's chase scenes are present in this movie too?in the killer's chase scenes are present in this movie too?
0061537969|5.0|When told a book was \\"written\\" by a dog, you expect the cutesy.  Unexpectedly, this book is excellent and never cute.  The canine author is an astute observer and philosopher.  He watches the daily events in the life of his master, idol and race car driver owner, Denny Swift.  With all the knowledge he could possibly glean from habitually watching TV, Enzo, the dog, gives us particularly good insight.    The person who recommended this book said you'll and you'll cry.  She was right.  But - again - unexpectedly.  At the outset, the reader is led to believe he will cry at then end.  Nope.  You'll cry at other places in the book, but not the end.  The ending is extremely artfully crafted and touching without being depressive or maudlin.  You'll laugh throughout, though never at inappropriate moments.  The author does not fall back on humor to get through tough times.    This is the story of Enzo, the dog, and his owner, Denny Swift.  During their years together, Denny gets married, Zoe is born and events occur that are emotionally uplifting, depressing, positive and disturbing.  Enzo relates all the events in this man's life as a keen observer of humans and the human condition.  He is a great story teller as well as astute observer who can make any reader laugh.  Although the story is told with humor, comedy never overrides the plot lines, which is always a delicate balancing act.  What could be maudlin told by a human comes off without sap when told by an erudite pooch.    The writing is terrific.  I reread a description of a murder of crows three times just to enjoy the passage for a second and third time.  The characters, too, are drawn with a fine pen.  They have depth and believability.  All have strengths, weaknesses, desires and foibles.    I highly recommend this book.
B003FSTN6Q|5.0|What!!!!!! Ghost Whisperer has been canceled????????  No that can't be!!!!!!.  I love this show.  I own season 1,2,3,4, and just bought 5.  Please bring it back to TV.   Beverly Reynolds.
0316098337|5.0|I read the review of this book in a newspaper and just new I had to read it.  I was definitly not dissappointed.  It was so well written and kept me reading until the book was finished.
0316098337|3.0|This was a brave attempt. But, I think, misguided in the decision to write something this long from the point of view of a five year old. No matter how well that was done,I have no idea how well that was done,what are the comparisons(?),it unfailingly becomes boring, tedious, and insufferable. I don't want to read anything novel length from the point of view of a five year old. Unless it's by Lewis Carrol, that may have been on the author's mind, but with respect, and not to cast aspersions, this author lacks that level of genius.<br />So what could have made a brilliant short story, perhaps series, or novella was dragged out to make a novel. I wonder who's responsible for that,the publisher, editors, or author?
B002ZG98XW|4.0|All right, first off, let me say this:    It's great for the family: clean, inspiring, and has great morals. No foul language, sex, or drugs which is so prevalent in modern movies. I have to say, why can't people make more films like this?? Take an amazing, TRUE story, after all, there are legends in history that are real!    The actors did fantastic work in their roles; Diane Lane (as Penny Chenery) embodies the intelligent wit and spirit that so few women display in acting nowadays. I hope we see more of her in future films, gracing the screen with her elegance and beauty. I loved John Malkovich as Lucien Laurin; he was brilliantly quirky and eccentric (with an array of colourful hats) and provided some great lines throughout the film.      The first half hour was good. It was really good. It set up the story, characters, and the story in general. It flowed very well, with a good pace. The family scenes are fantastic, you feel as if you're right there watching them.  But then after Secretariat is born, there's a 2-year jump in the film that takes place in less than 2 minutes. It left me going, \\"What?\\" and I wished there'd been some sort of montage in between. But you actually don't ever see much of Secretariat. It constantly focuses on Penny Chenery but it doesn't really resolve what taking place between her and her family. Is her husband raising the kids? Is she living at her father's breeding farm? It's hard to tell because it is not clear.    I've known the story of Secretariat since I was young, so I was quite excited for this film. (People need to make more horse films) But I felt like we didn't even get to know this great horse, even though the characters in the film knew that he was great.    We constantly hear, \\"Secratariat is going to win\\" and \\"he loves to race\\" but we never SEE it. In fact, it concentrates so much on Penny Chenery's fight to win these races that we never really see much of the famed racehorse. Seeing as this movie is about Secretariat and bears the movie title after him, you'd think there would actually be scenes with the horse in it.    Now, this may just be me, but actually the editing during the races began to bother me. It was trying to be intense, and almost worked for me a couple times, but it kept cutting back to the opposing racehorse trainer at the end, and zooming up to his expressions right when it was meant to be a very powerful moment. It annoyed me. Everytime I wanted a nice seg-way/transition, or simply a peace moment, it almost never happened, or was too short. It's almost like he's viewed as a racing machine. I believe the sole moment of quiet with Secretariat was a brief shot showing his silhouette at sunset in the field. I craved more, but never got it.    As far as racehorse movies go, \\"Seabiscuit\\" is better. It is well-rounded and really tells the story well while actually involving Seabiscuit, and the owner/trainer/jockey relationship. The high stakes just feel, well, more \\"high\\". The ending race is a LOT better than \\"Secretariat\\"'s, because it focuses 100% on Seabiscuit while \\"Secretariat\\" bursts into a feel-good song at the end and tries to be super dramatic before that.    \\"Phar Lap\\" is another good movie, the underdog Australian racehorse who was too amazing for the world to comprehend (it ends tragically though, be forewarned).    \\"Secretariat\\" felt like one big, dangerous gamble without showing how this amazing horse was inspiring. And it certainly did not feel like an underdog. It's like trying very hard to get an Oscar nod, and yes, it has heart, but not enough heart of Secretariat.
0307454541|5.0|An exciting book to read.  Kept my interest and was hard to put down.  I would have enjoyed it a bit more if I was more familiar with the country of origin.  I'll do a bit of research as I get into the second book in the series.
B002VZC9CY|5.0|What a brilliant piece of work! The selection of poems, the arrangements, the performances and the album design make this a work of art. Buy the two-album set, not the single CD, so you get the booklet, too.
B0000009TK|5.0|I got this years ago and was put off by the seeming anarchy of \\"When Yuppies Go to Hell\\", which sounded to me like a self-indulgent, random mishmosh at first listening.  Fortunately I gave it a second chance, and after many hearings I now find it to be one of my favorite Zappa albums (and that's saying a lot).  It combines some transcendent renditions of old favorites -- \\"Cruising for Burgers\\" especially -- with some challenging, but very rewarding new music (\\"Yuppies\\").  The band is beyond wonderful -- those horns add a whole new layer to the sound.  That, plus it has the young Mike Keneally on it!    When I listen to this I'm saddened by the thought that Zappa's career was cut short not too long after.  What would he have gone on to?  We're fortunate to have the volume of work that we do.
B003UERZ88|5.0|When I first bought this album, I was surprised.  It has very little of the sludginess of Crucible - many songs are uptempo and melodic NWOBHM type tracks (Undisputed, Speed of Sound) with other songs taking an approach that verges on pop-metal (Fire and Ice, We Own the Night).  These two tracks remind me of some of the more overtly catchy metal of the last decade like Dragonforce and HIM, which is actually a welcome addition to the band's sound.  I'm glad to see that Halford is incorporating new influences beyond thrash and nu-metal.  The only super-heavy track on the album is \\"the Mower\\", which sounds like something from Fight, with heavy detuned guitars, blast beats, and \\"Painkiller\\" style vocals.  \\"Hell Razor\\" is another heavy track, more reminiscent of Painkiller-era priest.  \\"Til the Day I Die\\" is an interesting venture into southern rock, which is surprisingly successful, sounding reminiscent of Jackyl.  \\"Thunder and Lightning\\" is the only song that I haven't come to like more after a few listens.  The title track is a little silly but its also pretty cool.  the chorus is a little overplayed.  \\"Heartless\\" and \\"I Know We Stand a Chance\\" are both great power ballads, reminiscent of the moody/melodic songs on Halford's first album (think \\"Silent Screams\\", \\"Temptation\\").  This is definitely the \\"lightest\\" of the Halford albums - with more melody and harmony than dissonance and sludge, and lyrics that express a variety of emotions and sentiments.  With the first two Halford albums, they seemed to be looking to establish the band's metal cred, and as a result both tend towards the heavier, more \\"serious\\" types of songs.  Something like \\"Matador\\" (my favorite song) would be totally out of place on either of them, but it fits perfectly on the eclectic and always surprising Made of Metal.  I am glad to see this band really make an album that incorporates so many different types of metal into a cohesive album.  That is why this album gets five stars from me, even though I could say more about the parts of the album I don't like.
B003NWS5AO|5.0|Such a great selection of music! Robert Plant has easily moved into Americana, and folk rock.  His collaboration with Buddy Miller and Patty Griffin is brilliant.      Well done...again.
B00000I2GY|5.0|At present there are several Dire Straits collections around and disc 1 contains many tracks which can be found on those, for example Romeo And Juliet, Private Investigations and Walk Of Life.  Lady Writer is more of a rarity and a very good one too.  I'm not so taken by Calling Elvis, Heavy Fuel and On Every Street.  The live tracks are all well worth having, Love Over Gold, Your Latest Trick and from Local Hero, Wild Theme.  At almost 80 minutes it's all good quality and Mark Knofler leads the band from the front with his trademark guitar and vocals.  The bonus disc songs are from a 1998 concert at the Royal Albert Hall, London.  1.Calling Elvis. 9.07.  2.Walk Of Life. 5.28.  3.Last Exit To Brooklyn. 2.33.  4.Romeo And Juliet. 7.30.  5.Sultans Of Swing. 13.14.  6.Brothers In Arms. 8.54.  7.Money For Nothing. 6.37.  The concert appears to be quite inimate between the band and the audiance.  While disc 1 has many plus points, disc 2 is the clincher, this Limited Edition really is worth seeking out.
B003629IPW|5.0|i saw this movie in theaters last year it was great.  Very sad that he died.  i love the songs and it looked like it was goin to be a good concert in 3-D. Then i waited to be on dvd i got the one disc when it came out and i notice they had two-disc i didn't know which one was good. i found out the two-disc was better.  so by the time i went back to the store it sold out.  so i keeped the one-disc and when i saw they had this it was cheap alot better what they charged which was $25.99. i am glad i got this one. And gave the one-disc to friend.  i love bonus features dirty diana and smooth criminal with the dancers in it.  i couldn't stop singing along through the whole movie.  It was sad seeing him very thin in the movie i knew somethin wasn't right.  Now i know what he is like in rehearsals. But he did look good for his age.  i wish michael was still with us.  may you rest in peace.
0439023513|3.0|I may have read this book a bit differently than some fans of the series in the sense that I devoured all three books in a row after having had them recommended by a friend. Therefore, it's a bit harder for me to separate out all of the books from one another, but this book seemed to me to be the weakest of the three. The greatest thing about the prior books, in my opinion, was that the characters stayed true to themselves. That didn't seem to be the case in the third.    In the case of Peeta, his breaking from character was out of his control due to the storyline. But Gale and Katniss? And Katniss' mother? All seemed to go completely haywire. In the prior two books I never got the sense that Gale was so mindlessly bloodthirsty. And Katniss seemed to have spent the book in a daze, making a decision and then completely overturning it on the next page. The ending did not do her justice, and her selection of her mate was a total cop-out. It's a shame the series is ending on this note.     I gave the book 3 stars because despite my criticisms, I still was riveted to the story. Reading this book is not time wasted; the story just could've used a bit more care and nurturing.
B003ZK58WM|5.0|First off, I don't think people should be reviewing this book if they HAVEN'T read it! Yes, its expensive, but so what, don't read it if its too expensive for you, but don't review it either!   That said, I'm going to keep my review simple enough, I thouroghly enjoyed it, and can't wait for the second book! It may not have been as in depth as Pillars, but it was still a great read. I couldn't put it down!
B003ZK58WM|4.0|I enjoyed it. I don't think it was as good as Pillars of the Earth, but I'll get the next two of this series when they come out.
B002JVWR4U|5.0|Yes, The forward thinking and talented Joss Whedon does it again with Dollhouse. If you own Season One then Season Two is a must buy. His creativity leads us to a world where people's minds are wiped clean and imprinted with a personality suited precisely for the buyer. All the while using these poor victims to fulfill the idle riches whims which cannot be denied. Joss' brillance leads us on a path that will eventually cause the end of humankind as we know it.<br /><br />Eliza Dushku's outstanding performance is riveting as always. She and an amazing cast of actors, writers, director's and crew takes us to a world of fantasy, fun and eventually terror. As the protagonist she gives us hope of avoiding the arising Apocalypse.<br /><br />The only sadness is that the studio heads didn't have the foresight of mind to continue this outstanding concept with additional seasons. Nonetheless you will not be disappointed in the incredible story telling.<br /><br />Features: There are quite a few commentaries on both seasons and additional interesting extras as well.<br /><br />Treat yourself to a rip roaring roller coaster of a ride for you will be better for having bought a ticket.
0312600844|1.0|First book club pick of the last season. Who could resist a selection that Oprah described as exquisite, a tour de force, a masterpiece? She said it would end up being one of the best novels I have ever read! Oh, Oprah!    Franzen's writing style is exhausting. There are almost no natural pauses. Reading it is like being on a nauseating amusement park ride that you cannot get off. This is pretty much the only reason I finished the book, though toward the end I did end up reading only two or three pages at a time.    I cared absolutely nothing for any of these characters. I didn't want to be them, I didn't want to know them, I wouldn't be proud to have any of them as a family member. I wasn't rooting for any of the relationships. The sex scenes were just trash, not even titillating in any way.    I will not be passing on my copy of the book to any friends. I don't want it in my house either! What to do? Oprah?
0374158460|4.0|Am about half way through the book.  Started off slowly but getting better as I read on.
B0000C9ZBW|5.0|For those of us that live our lives to the millisecond, THIS is the watch. There's no second hand, nor any other garbage junking it up! More often, less is best. It's both casual and elegant. It's simple and lacks the gauche gaudiness of higher priced metal-wrist-chunks. It's so unobtrusive and so thin that it fits like a glove! I've received many compliments about how good this watch looks. In short, it just makes me feel good, confident, and in control without any sense of showboating. Should it get crushed, I'll get another. It's one of the only accessories I'll wear. Truly classy. Thank you Skagen.
B001FB62GY|5.0|The book was one of the most informative and educational that I have ever read about current events. It's a Bible for those who wish to be in the know about interpreting current global events.
1439133948|5.0|The book is a very good read.    I always get worried when a author leaves a series for the better part of a decade and then returns, but everything was clean.  Miles still feels like Miles, if a little older, and a little wiser, but still manic as ever.  That said, Cryoburn leaves behind some of the old tropes of the series.  There is no mention of Bothari for instance, however it felt very Milesian.  There isn't as much soul searching in this book, like Memory or Mirror Dance.  The quest for identity is largely solved...  Until the very end.  With that in mind, I can understand how people who were looking for more out of the book will be disappointed.  However in and of itself it's an excellent book, the story is well crafted, is told well, and is true to the main characters.  It stands beside the other books in the series well, but it's not my new favorite which is still A Civil Campaign.    The characterization is sometimes subtle, but done well.  Even bland seeming characters like Raven come out as if they're playing their own game by going along with Miles, which makes them much more satisfying towards the end.  Being away from Barrayar, we don't get back in touch with some of my favorite character's like Ivan, Gregor, Duv, or any of the rest of Barrayar's Rouge's Gallery, still there are mentions and an occasional cameo.  There's too little of Mark to comment much, although his line about a Fire Sale had me laughing enough to wake my daughter.  Kareen is still Kareen, although more grown up and compitent, and again there's not enough there sadly.  All in all, was left wanting more, but I can see how including it all would have dwarfed the largest editorial failure by Weber or Robert Jordan.    That said, this story did confront the whole 'how technology would effect a society' pretty well, a lot like Cetaganda did.  It was interesting seeing a society that I had no problems relating with, struggle with it's own fear and the false hope technology offered to solve it, which made everything worse.  It rung very true, and oddly appropriate for this day and age.      Taken in that context it's very well told, focused, and well paced novel.  It's also not a horrible stand alone book to enter the series on, which is good given how hard it can be to find the earlier books, even in omnibus form.  Miles comes close, but doesn't quite steal the show from Jin, and I liked the way the story bounced between the two very different points of view, and how distinct each was from the other.  It also gave some sense of Miles as a Father, which was otherwise lacking.  Again, this is another theme I wish Cryoburn could have explored, but I'm kind of glad didn't.      I can't see ending this book the way it ended unless there's more to come, and I trust my favorite author to deliver more now that she apparently has some themes to explore.  If there's one stumbling block, it's that I almost wish that the end were the start of a new novel, not the end of this one.  The scenes at the end were almost too much.  Gregor of course stole the show there.  If there isn't another book, I'd say it's a strike against Cryoburn having it in there.  As a teaser for more to come though, I can't complain.  So time will tell there.  If there isn't another book, I'd have to slot this down to a four.  It was also really the only point where the book lost it's laser focus on the story it was telling, which is astonishing considering the breadth of scope Lois has to go off on at any moment in any novel.    Overall, I think the worst problem with the book is that I'm left wanting more, which is quite the opposite of a problem.  It's definitely not a reason to down rank an otherwise thoroughly enjoyable read in my mind either.
0553805371|3.0|1- History of natural sciences covers almost half of the book, this kind of information can easily be reached by any reader in a school text book,  2- Too much emphasis is given to Richard Feynman's views and M-Theory, which both of them is not prooved up to present day and according to many other scientists, are highly speculative.
0743544676|5.0|Ladies if you have doughts, please read book or listen to audio.  I think you get it better if someone tells you.  I listen to it 5 times.
1439153663|5.0|This is an enjoyable read. The story is kinda Gone With The Windishy and holds you all the way to the end. The writing is excellent and the characters are marvelously developed. Read it, Read it.
B003K1EYM6|5.0|Great addition to my IPAD. Easy to use and works well on RAW files and Video straight from my K-x.
0061537969|5.0|I couldn't put it down. If you are a dog person, this will grab you and be on your mind for weeks afterward. But you don't have to be a dog person to love this book. Well written, without getting too verbose or bogged down in unnecessary details, it moves along nicely to a satisfying finish. From laughter to anger to tears I enjoyed every word.
1439133948|4.0|Like most Lois McMaster Bujold fans, I've been waiting for years for a new Miles Vorkosigan book. While her Chalion books are sublime and the Sharing Knife series is interesting, let's be honest: Miles is who got most of us hooked on her, and it's Miles we want to see more of.    First a caveat: I don't want to ruin the reading experience for anyone who hasn't gotten the book yet, so let me be clear: there are mild spoilers ahead. If you don't want to know anything about the book, stop right now and move on to the bold text that says 'pick back up here'.      MILD SPOILERS!    As most readers of the Vorkosigan universe might have expected, the major themes of the book are the relationship between parent and child and how children deal with the  death of a parent. And in typical Bujold fashion we look at the issues from all sides, even those we might not have anticipated.    The plot centers around an Auditorial investigation on Kibou, where the sick, the old and the dying are cryogenically frozen instead of buried. The catch is, since they're not really dead, they still have a vote in the planetary democracy, which they sign over to the cryogenics corporation as a proxy representative in the interim. As there are 1.5-2 million frozen \\"dead\\" on Kibou, the result is a large amount of voting power concentrated in relatively few hands. As you would expect, Miles runs afoul of these powers in the most dramatic of ways, and it takes him a  couple hundred pages to resolve matters to his satisfaction.    However, that's just the plot. Like Diplomatic Immunity, which this book closely resembles, the plot is really only a secondary device for Bujold to explore her themes of choice. In this instance, the duality of the child becoming a parent while at the same time dealing with the passing of their own parents. For Bujold, the treatment of these themes is almost heavy-handed. There is a young boy, Jin, who serves as a proxy for Miles' own 4 children (who remain off-screen forall but one brief scene). There are numerous instances where the Miles/Jin relationship shows us Miles' own growing familiarity and comfort with parenthood as well as the subsequent maturing effects of said familiarity on Miles himself. He is calmer. He's more patient. He thinks twice about some risks. In short, he is living for someone other than himself, and it shows.     Unfortunately, this entirely logical and necessary character development is also the book's downfall. We don't want a sane, rational patient Miles. We get lots of sane, rational and patient in our own lives. We want to live vicariously through the little git, dammit! But of course, he can't be that way anymore. He has a wife, and kids and responsibilities. Miles isn't running fly-by-night mercenary operations anymore, he's heading subcommittees on reproductive law. Which is nice for him, but makes for a less dynamic book for us.    MAJOR SPOILERS! STOP IF YOU DON'T WANT THE ENDING GIVEN AWAY!    And then, predictably, comes the death of Miles' father. It is foreshadowed throughout the book (and, in a nice touch, the series), but it is still shocking and saddening for all of that. In the last 500 words of the book, Bujold gives us a raw, real look into the utter destruction of Miles' childhood that is poignant, honest and clearly infused with lingering emotions from the passing of her own father some years ago.     What's most devastating about Aral's passing, however, isn't the death of a beloved father-figure. Rather, it's the simultaneous passing of Miles' freedom of movement, action and thought. He's not Lord Vorkosigan anymore, he's Count Vorkosigan, which means he has to spend most of his time on Barrayar being a Count, a father and a husband. Maybe Bujold will treat us to a reprise of A Civil Campaign's Barrayar-centric politics, social mores and intrigues, but I doubt it. Unless she summons up the energy to plunge Barrayar and Miles into a major war or catastrophe, this will almost certainly be the last Vorkosigan book, and we can see that. And it hurts.     PICK BACK UP HERE    All in all, the book is a pleasant read. It's not the best of the series, but it's not the worst either. We don't see much of many beloved characters including Ivan, Cordelia, Gregor, or Ekaterine, but we do learn a bit about most of them through various passing remarks. If, as I suspect, this will be the last book in the series (at least chronologically), it is a suitable farewell if not an entirely satisfactory one.
0446679089|5.0|This, \\"Lion's Game\\", and \\"Night Fall\\" are probably Nelson DeMille's best books (or so I think).
B003YWUTKM|3.0|The shorthand review for this release is to give you a copy of the TDF album 'Retail Therapy'.  That's Eric Clapton's effort with Simon Climie (Clapton went under a pseudonym for the release, and it's not hard to see why).  In both cases, the sound is of laid-back guitar noodling with mellow, though rarely inspired, electronic backing.  Anyone hoping for fire an energy has come to the wrong place.  Anyone looking for a sense of adventure will be sorely disappointed.  I'd even say 'Retail Therapy' is more like a dance album.  Definitely more like a true collaboration.<br /><br />I am a long-time fan of both The Orb and Pink Floyd, so I was excited about this release.  On hearing it, I can't help but wonder what it could have been had Paterson and Gilmour been willing to take risks with the sound.  Both settle into familiar grooves with neither wanting to rock the boat.  This is disappointing.  Maybe they will come together for a true collaboration the next time around.  In the meantime, I'll keep digging for nuggets of greatness amid the wash of just OK.
B002N5N5QQ|4.0|The point of buying a tv series on DVD in my opinion is to be able to watch it again and again.  This show is such a great series that the true fans will watch it more than just the episodes aired on tv.  Also since there is a lot of plot in each episode it's great to watch the previous series on DVD before the new series comes out to make sure you didn't forget what happened. The extra features add to the overall Sons of Anarchy expierence.  Overall it's worth buying the set if you enjoy the show.  I like to take these with me when I travel to be sure I have something to entertain me in the airport or hotel room.
B0025UHKNS|5.0|Bought this GPS as I was preparing for the Portland Marathon, and it is exceeding my expectations!  Very easy to set-up and to check while running.  The data that it wirelessly sends to the Garmin-Connect site is really interesting to look at after a training run.  Great product that I would highly reccommend!
B00008Y3VA|5.0|Great music of the seventies.  Uriah heep one of the best, together with Pink Floyd, Deep Purple etc!
030726999X|5.0|This was an excellent and exciting read!  I wish there was more. And, I loved the main characters!  Highly recommended trilogy!
0452295548|5.0|I haven't read the whole book, so I can't really say for myself. But I know from  having seen Dr. Jill on the internet and listening on the radio, it's a very valuable book for someone who is looking for information on a stroke.
B0026P3G12|5.0|What a wonderful CD!  She sounds like an angel and has so much feeling in her music it is a joy to listen to.
B000XUOIQ4|5.0|This is has been one of my favorites ever since I was a kid and I was excited to finally get it on DVD because all of my favourites have been left behind on VHS with no player to watch them with! haha! I got it a great price and it was in brand new condition!
B003HLM2QO|3.0|The Ozzman cometh once again. Three years after the release of \\"[[ASIN:B000URDEA6 Black Rain]],\\" Ozzy Osbourne shows no signs of slowing down with the release of \\"Scream.\\" Produced by Kevin Churko and featuring Firewind guitarist Gus G. in place of long time collaborator and friend, Zakk Wylde (who was unceremoniously dumped last year), the Osbourne camp seem bound and determined to prove there's still relevance in the Ozzy brand, and to an extent, it succeeds.<br /><br />\\"Scream\\" is easily Ozzy's best work in as much as a decade, but that's not saying much. Not since the release of 1991's \\"[[ASIN:B000063DFS No More Tears]]\\" has The Prince of Darkness and his rotating cast of cohorts crafted an album that is enjoyable from end to end. Surprisingly, his tenth solo album is solid all the way through, but offers little in the way of innovation. Despite the fact that Wylde has been nixed in favor of newbie Gus G., the song remains the same. Think \\"Black Rain\\" only beefed up. The production by Churko compliments the band well and goes a long way in covering up Ozzy's shortcomings. But hey, at age 61 what can you expect? When you consider his age and the things he's done to his body, it's a miracle that he is still coherent on record at this point. It's also refreshing to find that the lyrical content on this album is less on-the-nose than the previous album. To that end, \\"Scream\\" marks a bit of progression and improvement.<br /><br />The riffs from Gus G. are as prominent as Ozzy himself, but are hardly any different than anything Wylde would have brought to the table. In fact, if you didn't know already that Wylde had been replaced, it would be nearly impossible to tell that there was a replacement recording his parts. The rhythm section of Blasko and Tommy Clufetos (a Rob Zombie reunion of sorts) is truly what carries the album. Clufetos delivers throughout like the workhorse he is, while Blasko steps out of the box a bit, delivering some of those trademark funky basslines that have been missing from Ozzy's music for far too long on the set's opening track, \\"Let it Die.\\" Like his live show, \\"Scream\\" is all about the band rocking out while Ozzy does his thing. He may not be the most coherent frontman in rock anymore, but there's still some energy left in the Ozzman yet, and \\"Scream\\" is a testament to that. If it's between retirement or more satisfying yet routine albums like this, I'll take the latter.een missing from Ozzy's music for far too long on the set's opening track, \\"Let it Die.\\" Like his live show, \\"Scream\\" is all about the band rocking out while Ozzy does his thing. He may not be the most coherent frontman in rock anymore, but there's still some energy left in the Ozzman yet, and \\"Scream\\" is a testament to that. If it's between retirement or more satisfying yet routine albums like this, I'll take the latter.
B003ITZBW2|5.0|Before receiving this movie, I had watched most of the recent string of DC animated movies.  In my opinion, the movies have been pretty good so far.  \\"Batman, under the red hood\\" has been head over heals, the best yet.  I loved the story, the animation was crisp and well done, and they kept the integrity of the story intact.  Oh and the action scenes, stupendous.  To Bruce Tim, the cast, and everyone who put this movie together, well done!
0316069485|2.0|I am a huge fan of Michael Connelly's; I have read every Bosch book and enjoyed most of them tremendously (although the later books are not as captivating).  I read the Lincoln Lawyer and thought that Connelly had surpassed himself and that it was his best book ever, and one of my all time favorites from any genre, I'm saying all of this because I thought that pairing both Haller and Bosch in one book would be fantastic.....sadly it was not.  No suspense, no surprises (as stated by other reviewers), no twists, no plot to speak of, choppy writing, and a terrible ending.  I wonder if Mr. Connelly has grown tired of these two characters, if so, please put them on the shelf for a bit and move on and create others - I don't want to read an ordinary book with lackluster writing and characters, I want to read a first rate and exciting thriller that I expect from Mr. Connelly, this one was not first rate, not exciting and not a thriller.....
B003PIUC02|1.0|I am a middle-aged former military guy who likes quality movies, with a preference for action-oriented movies and war flicks.  I watched the first 30 minutes or so and was pretty disgusted.  It's stylized with slow-motion action to highlight sword thrusts and blood spurts.  Blood appears to be added by computer to almost every scene, sometimes covering a good percentage of the screen.  Worse than 300.  This is not Russell Crowe in Gladiator or Brad Pitt in Troy.  Don't buy.
B0035V35P8|5.0|This movie is everything I expected it to be! It starts off with brutal bloody gore severing limb from limb violent as hell action with cool weapons and sound effects and with a top notch storyline, Which to me this movie resembles the video game ninja gaiden.<br /><br />If you love ninja movies or the video game ninja gaiden then you will love this movie!<br /><br />Overall 5/5 stars!
044654759X|5.0|I was very pleased with the condition of the book and the amount of time that it took to get here.  Also, am just starting to read the book and I love it so far!
B003TML0VO|5.0|Hi Everyone.  This CD is a JAM!  It's cool to hear these famous songs recorded at 2010 hi-fi quality with the world's best musicians playing on the tracks.  Carlos did a GREAT job respecting these songs by keeping them true to their original concepts.  Most notable is the heavy, punchy, bass and drums.  NAS singing on \\"Black in Black\\" is cool because its got the phattest, heaviest groove with rapping.  INDIA ARIA on \\"While My Guitar Gently Weeps\\" will also knock your socks off.  Plus you get all the current, famous guy singers, Daughtry, Weilend, Rob Thomas Gavin Rossdale and more!  HIGHLY recommended for Guitar Enthusiasts, Rock Music Enthusiasts, and Hi-Fi Stereophile folks just because the production value is so amazing, which is uncommon these day.  They knocked it out of the park with this one.  GREAT idea and who better to handle the axe on the project than CARLOS SANTANA!
B0034YXY5C|4.0|I have had this book on the shelf for years..literally. I think my husband picked it up at the airport before a flight, and I guess I've just been busy reading other stuff!  I'm glad I finally dove in, because I've found another reliable author, you know, the one you can always turn to when you're out of reading ideas!  Kinda like Dumas actually..  The book interweaves two stories, one about the Club Dumas where members adopt characters and chapters of Dumas novels and a story about an ancient devil worship book.  The author expertly intertwines the stories into an engrossing mystery.  I would have liked a little more Dumas..but this was certainly did not hamper the story or my enjoyment of it. This is a skilled writer, who researches his subject thoroughly and is skilled in telling a complicated and riveting story.  What else could one want? I am very glad I finally discovered Reverte!
B002Z58GQI|5.0|It isn't as fast as the transcend TS4GJFV30E, but at around $6 this is a great buy, as flash drives go if you are not too concerned about the speed (which isn't bad) this one does well. I give 5 stars because of the low price + performance. Very solid flash drive especially for the price.
B002ZG98LO|5.0|A great film that stays true to the original Predator franchise instead of diluting the original story with the Alien vs. Predator franchise.  Adrien Brody definitely embodies what people do and think when they find themselves in a situation they do not understand.  I thought it was interesting when I found out there was an even more dangerous subspecies of Predator.  I liked that the new Predators shared traits with human hunters, such as bear traps, mechanical hunting falcons, and a pack of alien hunting dogs.  Whenever I watch this movie, the thought of being hunted by creatures of that kind of lethality.  I would recommend this film to anyone who enjoys some good old fashion science fiction.  [[ASIN:1432743821 The Young Guardians and the Genesis Spell]]
9626341041|4.0|That was a very interesting audio book - I had never read the book and now I know.
1439181780|3.0|If you have read and listened to the Secret this book doesn't add much.  It reinforces the power of positive thinking and tapping into the Universe for what you need. The laaw of attraction is explained again and I do know it works.  I would recommend it to people who haven't explored The Secret.
1582701709|1.0|Oh, how I weep for the masses, that sea of mindless cattle that subscribe to such utter and complete nonsense.  THE SECRET take a very basic principle (positive thinking is good), coats it it butter, deep fries it, and serves it to the vacuous mental zombies who hope to find a quick fix to all of life's problems.  There is absolutely nothing profound in this book.  Perhaps to be clear, I should repeat myself -- there is absolutely NOTHING profound in this book.  This book has only accelerated the relentless onslaught of self-help fraudsters who have succeeded in only one thing:  enriching themselves.  I am embarrassed to admit that I was coaxed into watching the accompanying video, which is mind-blowing in its idiocy.  More than one of the so-called experts actually uses \\"magnetism\\" as an analogy in exactly the wrong way.  The idea is that by focusing on things we want, we will get them.  Positive thoughts attract positive results.  Simple, right?  Yes, but magnetism stands for exactly the opposite principle -- opposites attract.  That's only one small example of how the \\"experts\\" have failed to exercise their 7th-grade education.  The allusions to history in the introduction are so absurdly far-fetched and flat-out-wrong that it would make any historian apoplectic.  Pure idiocy.
0786955570|5.0|I enjoyed this game quite a bit.  A lot of the mechanics are simplified from full D&D, so it's easy and intuitive to get this game up and running.  Some of the gameplay can be frustrating at times, as it feels like the game is really trying to grind you down, particularly with all the encounters and monsters getting to attack first.  On the other hand, gameplay seems reasonably balanced, so I guess it all works out in the end.    As for value, this game comes with a ton  of stuff, and a lot of different scenarios to play.  It's definitely worth the price
0786955570|5.0|This is what fourth edition DND is about - if it were fit into a self-contained, sufficient box without any extra sourcebooks to read, rulebooks to peruse, or additional props to buy, like miniatures or tiles. Wizards hits this one out of the park.     Inside the box, thirteen adventures await. At least two are solo adventures: one at the beginning to serve as a tutorial, and another about midway through the book. Each adventure has a goal, and employs a special mechanic or boss. This keeps the hack-and-slash experience fresh. One adventure has the party acquiring an artifact; another has the party raiding Strahd's treasure hoard! Thirteen in all.     With two players (cleric and fighter), we find ourselves challenged to nearly overwhelmed. We've gone through seven adventures so far, and we've lived to tell it. The balance in the game is very good. The mechanic of this board game is that monsters spawn virtually every turn in some fashion; coupled with the random encounter cards, the characters are guaranteed to get regularly damaged. Let's just say the healing surges - two by default - have been used up in a few adventures! The cleric \\"carries\\" (wins in a pinch) often. :)    (I imagine it's even more difficult with four people, as random events and \\"target nearest hero\\" rules cause the party wizard to spend all the surges!)     The level cap is two, though with house-ruling you can extend it to three or even four. From one to the other, you gain +2 hp, +1 AC, and so forth, so you can extrapolate. No need to dig out your 4e PHB. :P    The deck of monster cards contains the \\"AI\\" that a specific monster will use. Just follow the directions, and kobold skirmishers will be hurling javelins at your heroes in no time. The game is cooperative, so your friend can make the to-hit roll on your guy.     The miniatures are color-coded according to type, like undead (bone beige), powerful undead (transparent blue plastic!) or monstrous/vermin (maroon). Heroes are dark blue. I like the solid coloring rather than individual paint schemes because the miniatures can be easily retrieved from a pile and placed onto a tile.     The tiles are heavy cardboard stock, much like the Dungeon Tiles series. They interlock in only one way and are very durable. You'll wonder how other game companies can get away with more flimsy stock. Wizards doesn't fool around here.     The rules are simple and you will learn it in no time. There are no rules for flanking or cover, but you can easily house-rule it.    I pre-ordered Ashardalon's Wrath on the strength of Castle Ravenloft.     I like to think this is how 4e DND was ideally meant to be played, with clear objectives, original adventures, miniatures and tiles. There's no character development or role-playing; often, what we enjoy most is surviving to move our figures another day. :) For a game to do that without a DM is impressive.     I have rated \\"Educational Value\\" as five stars because the game uses a specific sequence of \\"phases\\" during each player's turn, and tracking what's been done while resolving an encounter card, and remembering that some effect ends at the end of a hero's action phase, while also thinking about how you're going to survive with your dailies gone, requires memory and attention.
0446563048|5.0|I highly recommend and give this book the best rating. Once you start reading, you will finish in record time. Very engaging!
0786956291|1.0|I bought this accidentally, thinking it was the Castle Ravenloft board game. Do not get The Red Box. It is not the same as when you were a child, and it is doubtful that your kid will use it more than once. See below.     1. Power cards have blanks for writing numbers. Like, \\"____.\\" Really? The cards are cut from paper too! One shot cards for one shot play. Please buy the extra \\"DND Essentials\\" books. Ha!    2. Tokens to represent monsters and players. Not a single miniature in the box.     3. A clear marketing attempt that you have to get the DND Essentials books to continue playing. Gateway DND. Shameful. Maybe if the Essentials books came with extra photocopied power cards and erasers.     The Red Box is like the alpha version of the Castle Ravenloft board game. Seriously, just get Castle Ravenloft, and pretend you never heard of this one.
B00000G3PA|5.0|The movie was purchased as a gift.  The process that allowed me to purchase it is excellent; I give it 5 stars!
B002VX3RCW|5.0|Our son really likes Sir Prance A Lot. We got him Jaques the Peacock first and it was with that toy that he learned to reach for things and hold on to them, I didn't know how he'd be with Sir Prance A Lot...but luckily he loves him! He really enjoys yanking on the legs as they all make a crumbling noise. This toy is very well made and colorful enough to hold my baby's attention. He's had the toy since he was 2 months, he's now going on 6 months and he's just as fascinated!
0439023513|4.0|Great to deal with.  Product was sent in a timely manner in the condition it was listed in.  Would work with this seller again!
B003YHSE7W|4.0|I really liked this movie! Most sequels stink, but this one is better than the first.
B000PMLFRA|1.0|I know it's tempting to buy, but these will not be the theatrical cuts or the 1980's re-releases. These won't even be the 1997 SEs. These aren't the films we grew up with. I'm hearing Lucas may tamper with these films even more for the blu release. Keep in mind that he didn't even direct Empire and Jedi. Two other guys did. One was his instructor in college and the other died 10 years before the SEs were released. This guy has no scruples. None whatsoever. As much as I wanted to like these \\"SEs\\", I can't. They aren't the same movies anymore and the changes stick out like a sore thumb.    Don't buy these discs. If enough people refuse to purchase them, maybe he'll grow thick skin and accept that he made a mistake by denying movie lovers everywhere the original versions. He should also apologize for being such a liar. Telling us no high quality prints of the original Star Wars exist, when there are. I'm not buying and neither should you. Don't be this guy's fool anymore. When people say they want the original Star Wars, he likes to split hairs, but he knows exactly what we want and he can easily give it to us.
0385737955|4.0|Food to eat while reading: Harmony Hominy Soup ([...])      What I liked:    The opening of this story is irresistible. A boy in a metal box who remembers nothing about his past and finds himself in a community of boys reminiscent of Lord of the Flies? Now who can resist reading on?    I love the voice of Thomas in this book. He is unique and consistent throughout the entire novel.     Dashner plays the suspense and intrigue perfectly. Just when I think I can't stand to be in the dark anymore, he explains a bit more of what is going on. Every chapter pulled me along and forced me to keep reading.     Dystopian novels are trending right now and Maze Runner is a fresh story that leaves you wondering what happened to the world, instead of showing you the aftermath. I have mixed feelings about learning all there is to know about Thomas' home; I want to figure it all out, but when I do the suspense will be gone. Even so, I can't wait to read Scorch Trials.    What I would have changed:    Everyone seemed to know more than Thomas when he came into the Glade. It frustrated me that they wouldn't tell him right away what they had learned about the place where they lived.     Dashner's use of slang words were novel at first, but they pulled me out of the story and became a nuisance after awhile.    The verdict:     Make sure you have enough time for reading this fast-paced dystopian novel that will keep you up to all hours of the night until you are finished.
0307266303|5.0|The top reviews say it much more eloquently than I would. They're all true !
0385738757|4.0|Food to eat while reading: Scorched Crème Brulee ([...])    I am not usually a fan of middle books in a series, but this middle book in The Maze Runner series reads like a great beginning--all over again.    What I liked:    The setting kept changing and with each new place came dangers, creatures and people that kept me on the edge of my seat.     The main characters remained consistent and believable, yet they changed and grew from their experiences, like good little characters should. In fact, I almost cheered at the end for Thomas on the last page when he makes a difficult decision. Hooray for characters that change and show us that we can too.     Brenda, and Jorge are a great addition to the cast. They throw more variables into the equation and complicate the trials. And I love that Dashner introduced a second love interest for Thomas. Let the cat fights begin!    The balance of intrigue in this story is perfect. The questions and answers are braided together so that I am always wondering what will happen, but satisfied by the questions I have already received. Dashner has gained my trust, and though I still have unanswered questions, I am willing to read through quite a bit before I get the answers because I know that he will deliver.     I am eager to see why all of these horrible things are happening to these kids and how Thomas had a hand in creating the trials that he now is subjected to. I have an idea of why the variables are there and what the patterns are for, but I am content to wait until 2011 for The Death Cure.     I can't wait to see this on the movie screen-it will lend itself easily to media.     What I would have changed:    The Scorch Trials is quite a bit more violent than The Maze Runner. My son is currently reading the first book and I am unsure about giving him the second one just yet.     It bothered me that Aris' character is so underdeveloped. He mozies along with the Gladers, only showing spunk when he is required to act out a role for WICKED. Perhaps the author has hidden Aris from us for a reason and we will see his character unfurl in The Death Cure.     Much of the jeopardy was killed for me by a scene in the middle of the book. I just didn't worry so much for Thomas' safety and that led to a loss of intensity.     The verdict:    The Scorch Trials is an excellent addition to the very popular dystopian genre. It will leave you scratching your head and chomping at the bit to read on.
0679731725|5.0|I picked up this book because I have long been interested in butlers, and specifically, in becoming a butler.    Before this book, I found it very difficult and at times frustrating to find subject matter that treated it seriously. There is no \\"butlering for dummies\\" or \\"The Real Butlers of Orange County\\" to aid people who have the same desire--no, passion--that I once had.    I'm very grateful to this book, because after reading it, I knew what I don't want to do anymore. That's right. Become a butler. It turns out that being a butler is super boring. You can't go to clubs or get crunk, and you don't even get to listen to music in your own room. You basically have to live a certain way at all times and avoid ever doing anything that might embarrass your master. (Spoiler: Almost anything you do could embarrass the master)    If you are a butler, or you want to become a butler, I highly recommend reading this book. It will let you see exactly what life is like for butlers.    I know that my mother is disappointed in me because of this book, but it doesn't matter. This book saved me from a really boring life as a butler. I really appreciate it, and am so glad I found it.    Thanks a lot for writing this book.
0553805371|2.0|Hawking asserts human beings are fully describable by math, and therefore have no free will.  This is simply not true.    We have imaginations that can fully conceive of realities wholly beyond math of any kind. Harry Potter author J.K. Rowling could certainly imagine a non-spatial, non-temporal reality where math would simply not exist. That imaginary reality would clearly be a direct, causal result of chemical, physical processes in her brain, still the effects of that process would be wholly beyond math.     Should we truncate her created effect arising from a purely quantifiable causal chain because it is non-mathematically quantifiable? How arbitrarily unscientific that would be! Simply snip off the part of the causal chain to which math does not apply.     This is not just a question of snipping off a fiction with no real causal power in spacetime. Built purely on the power of imagination, Rowling's non-mathematical reality could become the cause of a real effect in spacetime. For example, she could imagine a new Harry Potter novel where Harry and the posse apparate into a reality where math does not exist. As she writes a scene on page 512 of that book, where Harry makes non-spatial toast and smears it with non-spatial jelly, Rowling could go on her Web site and ask every Potter fan to make some actual toast in honor of the occasion--say at 5:12 P.M. GST on December 1, 2010. Millions of people around the world could get involved.    If every Potter fan pushed their toaster on-button at exactly the same time, it would send out a faint, but measurable electromagnetic pulse in spacetime, disturbing EM fields all over the galaxy, as Lynne McTaggart observes in The Field. This would create an EM pulse physicists on a distant planet could detect. That toaster pulse--the cause of which was a purely imaginary reality math could never predict--would cause a sentiently created and organized pattern in spacetime, which Carl Sagan argued in Contact, would be a sign of intelligent life. Thus Rowling's freewill, creative capacity to use her mind to create the non-mathematical would be the ultimate cause of the detection of sentient intelligence in the galaxy to distant scientists.    Imagination would be the very sign of intelligent life. No wonder Einstein said it was more important than knowledge. Then again, he also had a sign hanging in his office at Princeton that said \\"Not everything that counts can be counted, and not everything that can be counted counts.\\"    The only way physicists could know the truth, the whole truth and nothing but the truth of what actually caused that pulse, would be for them to understand a purely imaginary reality wholly beyond the laws of math and physics. They would have to get their heads around the fact that non-spatial toast and non-spatial jelly caused that pulse.     The effects of spacetime can also be shielded in non-mathematically quantifiable imagination. If a neighbor invited Rowling over for tea--a measurable event in spacetime--she could go home later and create the wildest imaginary tea party the world has ever known, complete with dragons that can't be seen or measured, yet melting the butter on the croissants nevertheless. Thus a real cause in spacetime can create an imaginary effect wholly beyond quantifiable science.     No scientist on planet earth could follow the trail of causality into Jo Rowling's mind; she could lose them with a single swish of Hermione's wand.     Thus, at every moment, the physical universe, in inspiring the human mind, is creating effects that cannot be traced using math, or any sort of equation, chain of equations or probability curves. And if scientists doubt these effects existing in imagination are real, they can, via a freewill choice of sentient mind, be turned into causes, circling back into the universe, and with a single collective toaster plunge, demonstrate their reality.    The only probability you could ever attach to Jo Rowling's imagination would be \\"She is free to create whatever she chooses.\\" To try and assign a number, or an equation or a probability to imagination is a nonsensical exercise--simply an impossibility. Which, I suspect, is why Einstein understood that quantum mechanics, based on probability, was an accurate picture of nature, but not the biggest picture.    The bottom line for physical science is human imagination can create initial conditions in any physical system that are wholly unknowable. And since no physicist can fully predict a system with wholly unknowable initial conditions, their math only applies as long as human beings are willing to not use our imaginations and voluntarily go along with the forces of nature. The single collective toaster plunge proves we are only humoring nature; we are hardly governed by its forces.     Our minds are as free as Harry on his Firebolt.    As we gain more and more insight into nature, and its foundational forces, our wholly free, mentally created initial conditions become increasingly more relevant in any physical system. We're not just talking toaster plunges, here; human beings have access to nuclear weapons.    Sentient beings have the capacity to split cause and effect across realities, placing either cause or effect wholly beyond spacetime itself, and wholly beyond math and science. On the plus side, this also means we are free to govern our behavior from a higher truth--including spiritual truth--and use that truth to prevent us from blowing each other off the planet.    It is our capacity to transcend math and science entirely and choose love, forgiveness and peace--wholly immeasurable higher truths-- that will ultimately save us from the nuclear holocaust we have created for ourselves.     More thoughts on the subject at pixidis.com.
1881273873|5.0|Gives insight on relating to individuals on their level, thru their \\"love language\\".  We are not all created the same, and this book provides tools which can enhance our communication with each other.
0765326353|5.0|All time new favorite.<br /><br />It has a very deep and compelling storyline with a lot of well thought out details that really help to create a world that is so vastly different from our own.
B0044KI7B6|5.0|This show has ALWAYS been awesome. Now that there's role reversal in the brothers, things are better than ever.
B002L3RVCY|5.0|I bought this video for my son's birthday and have been watching it with him. Definately a seamless continuation from episode two. The series takes place between episodes 2 and 3. I am really enjoying all the new characters that have been introduced, and can't wait to see how & why some of them didn't make it to episode 3. I highly recommend Star Wars the Clone Wars for anyone who remembers the original trilogy, or those who discovered the series when Episode 1 came out.
1592402690|4.0|I learned a lot about what an \\"engineer\\" does during a recording session.  Also I learned about producers.  I found this book to be very valuable to me because I love rock n roll music so much.  Thanks Geoff.
B002JVWRAO|5.0|There's little left to say: the plot, the characters + actors are great. As usual, the episodes are filled with suspense, drama, laughter and monsters.   If you can't wait and want to order Season 5 from Germany, you have to add about 7 Euro for import duty - but that's well worth it.   Spoken languages are English and Portuguese, subtitles are available for English, French and Spanish.    + / + / + / +    Hach, endlich geht's weiter - Teil 5 ist käuflich zu erwerben. Es gibt zur Serie nicht mehr viel zu sagen, Spannung, Drama und jede Menge Monster sind natürlich wieder dabei. Die englische Sprachfassung ist ein Muss, denn beim direkten Vergleich mit der deutschen Version fällt auf, dass einige Dialoge im Englischen viel witziger sind und besser zum Geschehen passen. Englische Untertitel sind auch hier vorhanden (außerdem noch auf Französisch + Spanisch). Beim US-Import nach Deutschland fallen jedoch noch ca. 7 Euro Zollgebühren an - aber die Serie ist es auf jeden Fall wert.
B003PIUBZS|5.0|As someone who enjoyed the movie [[ASIN:B000Q6GX5Y 300 [Blu-ray]]] I have to confess I was puzzled when I first watched the trailers for this series. It is supposed to be a retelling of the story of Spartacus with lots of liberties taken to fill in the historical gaps prior to becoming the infamous rebel we know from history and other adaptations. The visual style is pretty similar to the one Zack Snyder used in his adaptation of Frank Miller story.<br /><br />Many reviewers have compared these two as the visual style is similar, but 'Spartacus: Blood and Sand' also borrows from movies like [[ASIN:B000NU2CY4 Gladiator (Sapphire Series) [Blu-ray]]] and other TV shows such as [[ASIN:B0028RXXFC Rome: The Complete Series [Blu-ray]]]. As a huge fan of both 'Gladiator' and 'Rome' I could not help to compare them with each other.<br /><br />Another thing to keep in mind is that this is not material suitable for younger audiences, there is plenty of violence (very graphical), and a lot of gratuitous nudity and sex. While its presence may obey historical reasons,  much of the nudity feels not necessary as opposed, for example to the one displayed in 'Rome', in which those situations had a purpose or were relevant to the characters and their stories. Here you will have plenty of this type of material even in the backgrounds or among the audience in the gladiator arenas.<br /><br />All things considered, 'Blood and Sand' ended up being quite entertaining, the characters and their motivations made a great story to follow, filled treachery and  corruption; the character development was also great save for one character in the final episode of the season (Crixus, one of the best of the season in my opinion) Peter Mensah, who portrayed the messenger thrown to the pit in '300', also does a great job in portraying Doctore, the trainer of gladiators. The highlight would probably be Andy Whitfield in the role of Spartacus, it is hard to imagine how will season 2 end up without him (he had to abandon the show due to health reasons)<br /><br />The audio and video quality in the DVD presentation sound and look great upscaled to HD, this will definitely be worth to own in Bluray if you like the story and the visuals. The fact that the DVD looks as detailed as it does can only mean the BD should look as reference material.<br /><br />Additionally, the last disc of the set includes several extras, one of them being an audio commentary on last episode 'Kill them all' Documentaries that can be found in the final disc include:<br /><br />Behind the scenes<br />Spartacus: Battle Royale<br />Gladiator boot camp<br />Crime and punishment<br />Andy gets plastered<br />Legen re-imagined<br />Oh, those Randy Romans<br />Shooting green: The shadow of death<br />Exposing your ludus<br /><br />Bottom line, if you enjoyed the above referenced movies and TV shows, you are in for a treat!w due to health reasons)    The audio and video quality in the DVD presentation sound and look great upscaled to HD, this will definitely be worth to own in Bluray if you like the story and the visuals. The fact that the DVD looks as detailed as it does can only mean the BD should look as reference material.    Additionally, the last disc of the set includes several extras, one of them being an audio commentary on last episode 'Kill them all' Documentaries that can be found in the final disc include:    Behind the scenes  Spartacus: Battle Royale  Gladiator boot camp  Crime and punishment  Andy gets plastered  Legen re-imagined  Oh, those Randy Romans  Shooting green: The shadow of death  Exposing your ludus    Bottom line, if you enjoyed the above referenced movies and TV shows, you are in for a treat!
B0032JTV6U|5.0|Love the CD.   Would have LOVED to have deleted scenes or more information on the cast but still play our favorite episodes and sing along!
B003SWNRU2|5.0|One of the best, if not the best album in a long, long time....Even four years after its release this album is just raw and powerful. Every song still sounds simply superb!
0205632645|5.0|This anniversary edition of a key style and grammer manual arrived in excellent condition and in a timely manner without any shipment or condition problems.  As to the book, I highly recommend its useful and insightful breakdowns on the English language and its easy to read explanations of the various, and otherwise sometimes complex, English language.
0307577589|2.0|I love reading. Especially, I love reading crime novels. I can take a bit of blood, and I love a well crafted mystery.<br /><br />However, what disappointed me about this book is how the Swedish author, a middle-aged man, depicts his hero, a middle-aged journalist, as a \\"liberal\\". This sensitive, intellectual guy ends up having sex with a goth girl in her twenties. That is not a bad thing, but given that she is a rape victim, and that the girl who this mystery is about is also entangled in a story of severe torture, killings and rapes, it didn't make me feel good.<br /><br />The hero is supposed to be the good guy, so that we all can feel better when reading about the numerous brutalities done to lots of women in this book. But instead of feeling relieved in the end, I felt really uncomfortable that the author got away with that.<br /><br />I know thousands of people love this series, and might think I take the wrong view. I want to state that this is only my personal opinion. I just don't dig torture porn, in whatever form it happens to come along.
B003EYVXYG|5.0|Romero does it again, Survival is excellent.  This is a great addition to the Romero dead series.  The characters are interesting, the plot is also very interesting and the zombie action is second to none.  The skit Romero does at the beginning of the film is worth the price of admission.  This is a great DVD set of a great film.  Very happy with my purchase.
0765326353|5.0|There is plenty to look forward to and plenty resolved... I hate the fact that I'm going to have to wait for the next book.  It was super exciting.
B00005O3VC|5.0|This is still to this day one of the finest, funniest movies ever made.  Im so happy they have it on pretty much any format.  Monty Python has a youtube channel now too.  Great stuff.
0316077054|5.0|Beautiful Darkness is a perfect sequel to the Beautiful Creatures! I highly recommend both books. I love how Stohl and Garcia continue this enchanting story. Can't wait for the third one. It is really a must read!     5 Stars!
B002PMV9K6|5.0|Harry potter is one of my favorite movies to watch. This movie was awsome, but it has a very sad ending with a famous wizard getting killed by one of the teachers in the Hogwarts school. Traitor. Can't wait for the last Harry Potter movie.
0783225903|4.0|If your willing to think outside the box and just let your brain become completley immersed with the story, then check this movie out.
B003W5C0VW|3.0|On the surface this release should've been the diamond jewel of live documents in the Stones' cannon. A very weak audio mix leaves this listener completely unsatisfied. The 5:1 surround is fake and honestly I wouldn't even care if the stereo mix included wasn't so muddied. There is a complete lack of detail in the definition of instruments, the clarity and sonic resonance is absent, it's rather harsh sounding and to make matters worse, the great Mick Taylor's leads are too low in the mix. Compare the sound on this to \\"Get Yer Ya Yas Out\\", The Rolling Stones 1969 live disc is pristine, it is warm, nuanced and vibrant and it's 3 years older than  \\"Ladies And Gents\\". What a pity, this was destined to reside at the summit of Rolling Stones live gigs.  I hold out hope that maybe the Rolling Stones themselves will take enough interest to actually supervise the mix themselves. Until then this was a missed opportunity. If you're interested (and after all this is a video presentation), the picture is less than stellar, both in actual quality and the artistic approach (way too many shots of the wrong Mick), but it was expected as it was recorded in the early 70's, and had this been afforded  an outstanding audio presentation as I expected, this would have been given 5 stars.
0553593544|2.0|I've only read a 1/3 of the book and the pages are already separating from the binding.  I know lower quality glues are used, but this is outrageous.  I'm a voracious, but careful reader.  I don't stretch spines or crease pages.  I expect better from a book that wasn't inexpensive for a paperback.<br />The story is great of course, but this is insanely poor quality control.<br />Sincerely,<br />Ralph Henderson
B003V6L94Q|5.0|As I've said before in other reviews of Zac Brown and his \\"Band\\", these guys are simply awesome. They certainly are one of the best set of musicians to come along in the folk/country/Buffett(ish) genre in a very long time, and they are certainly deserving of all the heaps of praise being lauded to them.<br /><br />Their last outing was a total knock-out, and this follow-up set gets very high marks, indeed, although it may fall just a little short of the previous release. But no matter, this is a solid, truly enjoyable album, and all fans of Zac Brown and their heel-kicking, toe-tapping, \\"fidgety-butt\\" (I defy anyone not to \\"want to get up and dance\\" when listening to their music) tunes will surely find this album one of their favorites.<br /><br />A SOLID album, particularly pleasing because of the inclusion of an appearance of Jimmy Buffett (whom I have always said these boys remind me of in their oeuvre), with \\"Knee Deep\\", and also in the number with Alan Jackson \\"As She's Walking Away\\". I find it especially neat that these two artists would be chosen by Zac and the boys for \\"honored inclusion\\" in this album.<br /><br />Go for it, Folks, there's no band finer out there right now than these guys.<br /><br />(It always seems so wonderful when one sees that the \\"years and years\\" of preparation, etc., by someone, finally \\"pays off\\" and they finally get the recognition that they truly deserve, at last!)
B003EYVXSW|1.0|(Contains Spoilers).......Just finished watching this movie and I spent 15 minutes trying to think of 3 movies that are worse than this one. The preview of this movie would lead you to believe that you are in for some sort of Aliens type scifi thriller. Instead you get what can only be described as a character development film (as it really isn't scifi, and it really isn't a thriller) with entirely unexplained character changes. Both Adrian Brody's and Sarah Polley's characters take turns wanting to save or wanting to kill the creature they created. Then suddenly with little to no underlying reason Adrian Brody's character engages in one of the most pathetic, gratuitous, sex scenes ever filmed. After seeing that I think that his Oscar should be taken back by the academy. But the film makers don't stop there, no sir, from that point in the movie the creature dies (this happens every time it is about to mutate, you would think the molecular biologists would catch on to this) then changes from female to male and grotesquely rapes Sarah Polly's character. To top it all off the end scene shows Sarah Polly's character pregnant and signing a contract with the research company. Absolutely horrible. Imagine the story of Frankenstein, then imagine Doctor Frankenstein having sex with the monster, then the monster changes gender and rapes Dr. Frankensteins's assistant. It makes you wonder how this stuff gets green lit. Maybe I am all wrong and this was supposed to be a comedy?     Bottom line, NOT SCARY, NOT SUSPENSEFUL, POORLY WRITTEN, POORLY ACTED, if you are tempted to see this spare yourself the agony.
B0000028M7|5.0|Note: Updated 3-22-2011<br /><br />Alice In Chains Dirt could have been very much responsible partially for the millions of crappy bands that copied it's sound, watered it down, and replaced Staley's honest and dingy gritty lyrics with faux-pas, stupid, and hollow whiny emotional baggage.  But to blame one of the key alternative bands to come out of Seattle for that would be the same as blaming Steven Spielberg for starting the blockbuster type of film with Jaws.  Alice in Chains laid down a legacy of great music that will be remembered long after all of it's cookie cutter copycats are forgotten among the legions of bands that they influenced.  Like Soundgarden, Alice in Chains transcends the genre's stereotypes to create something very powerful and memorable, as their haunting, bleak, and malevolent brand of rock is among the best of the genre.<br /><br />Enter Dirt, Alice In Chains's violent, doomy, and gritty magnum opus.  Like other reviewers have said, Dirt is sometimes so insufferably bleak that it might send the extremely suicidal straight for the straight razor.  I don't recommend listening to this album when you're extremely depressed, the music might just be too effective. Dirt is like a dark sunset painted desert the cover depicts, with doom, desolation, and every which way.  Musically, Dirt is dark but beautiful in some ways.  Jerry Cantell's guitar playing is doomy and rough at times, but can be light, gentle, and melancholic in the best way possible.  Some of his solos are beautiful to listen to, such as the The pounding rhythms give a full bodied and hard hitting violence to the whole thing.  Staley's vocals are the heart of the band, and while they can be rough and untrained, it conveys the worn down mood that the subject matter would impose on any person.  The choruses in this album are absolutely killer, the peak release of many of the songs.  The harmonies in the chorus are searing, soaring, and releasing, and are the prefect way to release the dark emotions the music is able to conjure up in it's depressed soundscapes.<br /><br />Dirt might as well as be the autobiography of the two songwriters here, because the lyrical content covers the topics that lead singer Staley knew all too well.  Whether they are singing about mortality, speaking of cleansing rain on the day of death, war, envying a fly for having a life spanning one day, nailing the feeling of depression (Down in a Hole), and the power that others have to suck the joy out of life, this isn't Sesame Street by any means.  The lyrics hit you hard right on the head and don't beat around the bush, making the album even more powerful.  And it's done in a way that is makes Hawthorne Heights even more contrived and laughable than it already is alone (and since that's hard to do, that's a complement).  Alice In Chains's powerful metaphors, blunt and piercing lyrical statements, and cathartic lyrics are the exact way to bring out all of the things that would make anybody depressed.<br /><br />Before I close, I think I have to warn some people about this record.  In my original review, I always thought AIC was a great anti depressant.  Well, after listening to Dirt numerous times, I've noticed well, I have to say the opposite.  Dirt is a powerful listen, but every time I listen to it, I feel it.  It's just too powerful, it just makes you look at things differently, and not in a good way.  Some people may just find it funny, but for me, I find it much too powerful.  For this reason, this record is NOT recommended for anybody struggling with depression, drug addiction, or any personal health problems.  All of those who are strong enough to handle it, you guys are all lucky.<br /><br />I don't this album is a perfect album.  Hate To Feel is extremely bland and boring, Godsmack isn't a bad track but it's verses are ruined by the awful vocals (great chorus and riff though), and I don't care for Angry Chair.  Even then, this is mostly preferences anyway.  Luckilythe tracks that I like are so good that the album itself is able to be among the best albums released in the early Alternative rock boom.  It's that great of music, as well as goes for Alice in CHains other albums.  This is not generation X music, this is more than contrived angst.  The bottom line that this album is excellent, and while it's tagged with the grunge moniker, I think, like Soundgarden, Dirt transcends the genre's stereotypes to create something more powerful and unique.  Brooding, dark, bleak, but catharic, Dirt is essential listening.<br /><br />R.I.P. Layne Staley and Mike Starrt the album itself is able to be among the best albums released in the early Alternative rock boom.  It's that great of music, as well as goes for Alice in CHains other albums.  This is not generation X music, this is more than contrived angst.  The bottom line that this album is excellent, and while it's tagged with the grunge moniker, I think, like Soundgarden, Dirt transcends the genre's stereotypes to create something more powerful and unique.  Brooding, dark, bleak, but catharic, Dirt is essential listening.    R.I.P. Layne Staley and Mike Starr
B003UYUQZW|5.0|Action packed movie with all the same qualities of watching an older Ali Baba movie on Saturdays when we were kids.
B002BKIERI|2.0|I think Snatam Kaur has an amazing and beautiful voice that really takes one to another realm, however I didn't like this  CD so much as I have others.  There was mostly english devotional songs that didn't appeal as much as other albums like  \\"GRACE\\" for example.    Not one of my favorites.
0802473156|5.0|This is a fantastic book.  I would recommend it for everyone.  Happily married, unhappily married, single, dating.  Anyone can read it and find it beneficial.  Learn more about yourself, the ones you love and the ones you have loved.  And if you are married you'll find that you understand your spouse in ways you never thought possible.  A must buy!
B0032JTV6U|5.0|Just loved it and a great way to catch up on everything you missed from season one.
0312600844|1.0|It's all downhill after the first 200 pages....don't waste your money or your time.  This was an exhausting read.  At one point my husband asked me do you have a deadline you seem to be blazing through the book and I replied \\"I'm just trying to get it over with so I don't have to be immersed in this depressing melodrama anymore.\\"  I would have put it down after the disgusting sex scenes with Joey and Connie if this wasn't a book club read.  Most depressing of all is Patty worked so hard to be a great Mother and it didn't make any difference, her children hated her anyway and she was such a dislikable character I ended up hating her too!      Update: I finally finished this book...I wish I could say the last few chapters made a difference.  They don't the story is so unbelievable.  It's as if the author's editors called and said look you have to finish it up now.  The last part of the book tries to tie up loose ends and make a neat little package out of a very messy story but it just makes it all the more ridiculous.      Literally one of the worst books I've read in a long time!  Do not waste $30 on this book, don't waste $5, don't waste your time!
159562015X|1.0|Horrible book and strength finders does not represent itself well. The book I bought was new. This book has a test that your supposed to take halfway through the book. My class had this book to read and test on and only half of the class was able to complete the test. When I asked strength finders to help me or refund my money because I received a zero on my assignment due to their system not working for many of us, they simply said, \\"just work it til the end\\". Are you kidding me? I tried for an hour to get the test to complete. Not a good buy at all and I would recommend that if you do buy this book and when it doesn't work for you too, write them and give them a piece of your mind. Not that they care because they have your money and no good business sense to keep customers happy. I am very unhappy with this purchase and my school will not be using this book anymore in the future. I have made sure of that.  [[ASIN:159562015X StrengthsFinder 2.0]]
B0044XV3QY|5.0|After all the hoopla on tv last year, I did skip out to the theater to see James Cameron's Avatar with my sons. I had great expectations, having seen Aliens, Terminator 1 & 2, The Abyss, Titanic, just to name a few of his blockbuster hits.  Cameron's films always come rolling in, guns blasting, edge of your seat action, heart thrilling scenes and teeth gnashing bad guys.  The exact thing I love.<br /><br />Let me prepare you, this movie is two and a half hours long.  It is not something you take a child under the age of  eight to and expect them to sit still, unless they love video games and the entire idea of getting sucked into their own avatar.<br /><br />I'm into XBOX 360 so, if you don't know what an avatar is, here's the definition compliments of Webster:  the incarnation of a Hindu deity; an incarnation in human form; an embodiment (as of a concept or philosophy)often in a person; a variant phase or version of a continuing basic entity; an electronic image that represents and is manipulated by a computer user (as in a computer game).<br /><br />That's the entire idea behind this movie.  An alternative life from the one that you may have now.<br /><br />I'll give you a heads-up, whatever bad you may hear about the movie, if you love Cameron's work, ignore it.<br /><br />Avatar starts out a little slow.  If you're a fan of NatGeo or The Discovery Channel programs, the start of the film involves the subject of basic  'Living Among the Na'vi'.  The Na'vi are the indigenous people thriving on Planet Pandora and their existence is being threatened by a major corporation that wants a crucial mineral that exists only on their homeland.  There's a purpose for this, if you  have an open mind.<br /><br />My thoughts:  So-Called Civilized man-made it a point to habitat foreign lands and either convert or destroy the locals for their own gain.  As always, the natives were refered to as savages, lacking any idea of the knowledge the civilized race brought them because they were just so backwards and ignorant.<br /><br />Avatar explores the question: Would civilized man's thinking change if it were another planet?<br /><br />Cameron paraplegic hero, Jake Sully, has the opportunity to live among the Na'vi in an alternate reality.  Jake molds, bonds and begins to understand.  He sees this new world and the natives for what they are, far more intelligent than his counterparts believe.  There is a bonding between the Na'vi and mother earth that is deep and profound, calling back to the tales we read from our own heritage.<br /><br />This film is intriguing, beautiful, a dynamic explosion that bursts from the screen.  The jungle, the wildlife,the Na'vi,  the flora and fauna, there's not enough words to describe the beauty of this movie.  It's has captured the most breathtaking and believable artistic sense I have seen in years.<br /><br />The drama and the greed brought on by what the Na'vi have on their land is brought to light with the savagery that must have been experienced by the indigenous people that populated our own world in the time of discovery.  Change or suffer the consequences, with the possibility of mass genocide by the so-called higher intelligence factor.<br /><br />The hero, Jake Sully, has to decide what is more important.  The life he knew or the life that exists only in his dreams.<br /><br />I'll leave you hanging there because I hate it when the review tells the entire story.  All I can say was there was, when I saw this film at the theater, there was a hushed lull that fell over the audience during the entire film, not a child cried, whimpered or whined.  Not a soul bounded up and down the stairs seeking refills or a bathroom break.  There was clapping throughout the audience when the credits rolled and my boys, ages 8 and 14, were among them.<br /><br /> Great, great movie to add to your Christmas stocking stuffer list!Avatar explores the question: Would civilized man's thinking change if it were another planet?    Cameron paraplegic hero, Jake Sully, has the opportunity to live among the Na'vi in an alternate reality.  Jake molds, bonds and begins to understand.  He sees this new world and the natives for what they are, far more intelligent than his counterparts believe.  There is a bonding between the Na'vi and mother earth that is deep and profound, calling back to the tales we read from our own heritage.    This film is intriguing, beautiful, a dynamic explosion that bursts from the screen.  The jungle, the wildlife,the Na'vi,  the flora and fauna, there's not enough words to describe the beauty of this movie.  It's has captured the most breathtaking and believable artistic sense I have seen in years.    The drama and the greed brought on by what the Na'vi have on their land is brought to light with the savagery that must have been experienced by the indigenous people that populated our own world in the time of discovery.  Change or suffer the consequences, with the possibility of mass genocide by the so-called higher intelligence factor.    The hero, Jake Sully, has to decide what is more important.  The life he knew or the life that exists only in his dreams.    I'll leave you hanging there because I hate it when the review tells the entire story.  All I can say was there was, when I saw this film at the theater, there was a hushed lull that fell over the audience during the entire film, not a child cried, whimpered or whined.  Not a soul bounded up and down the stairs seeking refills or a bathroom break.  There was clapping throughout the audience when the credits rolled and my boys, ages 8 and 14, were among them.     Great, great movie to add to your Christmas stocking stuffer list!
B002ZG981E|1.0|I got really excited to see this abomination, it was very sad how boring and repetitive and bad acted this film is. The film is basically about dreams sci fi crap if you like the matrix then you will love this, for me it was a 3 hour bore fest, to many that will ask the question \\"did you even understand the movie\\" well yes I did I even told some people what happen when leaving the theater the thing is \\"who cares\\" its very long and Leo seems like a moron repeating himself about the dream within a dream crap like a thousand times I'm telling you if you see this movie he will say it like 4 times, not only that its completely predictable I knew what was gonna happen 2 hours before it was gonna end its like a kids movie for people who think they are smart and will tell you that you did not understand it that's why you did not like it.       This will also be the last time I sit through a Leo Cap movie I notice he only does movies if its the right name of director is on it and his films are mostly boring anyway. This movie is not for everybody so the people who liked it good for you but for me I wasted 13 dollars,But I don't get to mad at myself for this mess because salt made up for it.Good luck on those 3 hours of hell.
B003Q6D2B4|3.0|I never read the comic books, so I couldn't compare it. I didn't really like this movie as well as I thought I would. There were a few decent action scenes that caught my attention. The rest of the story just has them talking. Frank Moses, Joe Matheson, Marvin Boggs, and Victoria are retired CIA agents. They are soon targeted for assassination. They must team up and work together to figure out who wants to kill them and why. Frank brings along a woman named Sarah who is his 'sorta-kinda' girlfriend. Don't expect too much while seeing this movie. If you want a bland action film to only see maybe once or twice in your life, you might like RED!!!
0393072231|2.0|The Big Short doesn't have a plot, the timeline is all over the place, and the main character is unlikable. (No new insights here about the main character's Asperger's Syndrome and \\"going short\\".) So what is the book about? It's about the financial crisis as viewed by the owner of a small hedge fund who shorted CDOs (containing toxic mortgage backed securities) through credit default swaps in anticipation of the collapse of the CDOs. It isn't the story of a perfect bet either. In the event, the swaps were  sold before Bear Sterns and AIG went under. Like many other real-life players, the main character took the money and ran when he could.     Most of the book is about the main character fretting about his \\"short\\", which seemed too good to be true. As a small-time retail investor he doesn't have access to good and timely information about what the big boys are doing and is, in short, an obnoxious pest while he tries to accumulate CDSs.  Having read Liar's Poker, I expected a good read, nothing more. Instead I found the book boring, repetitive, and ultimately pointless. Many reviewers here, however, found the book interesting, so maybe you will too.       A parting shot. If you've ever wondered what it's like in real life to go short, to have to wait months and even years for a bet to pay off, reading this book is good practice. But there's no payoff.
0385338910|5.0|Reading Jonathan Tropper is like watching a feel good blockbuster movie. He has simple yet relatable plots, and packs the story with characters you root for. A year after his wife's tragic death, Doug Parker is still trying to get a handle on his grief. Meanwhile life moves on, and his family is desperately attempting to pull him back to the land of the living, including his grand, former actress Mother, his pregnant twin sister who has just left her husband, and his self destructive step son, who is badly in need of some guidance. Between this and \\"This Is Where I Leave You\\", Tropper has become one of my favorite writers, and one who mines loads of humor in some of the more painful arenas of life better than almost anyone.
0307594777|5.0|I have only completed one book of the three which is The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo and it was awesome reading.  I even went above and beyond and rented the DVD from Blockbuster.  Awesome read and awesome movie, which in my opionion, I can't wait to read the other two books in this Trilogy Bundle.
B0000074FG|4.0|I admit I bought this album because of the cool album cover and it was a band that I knew nothing of. Since I usually tried to buy stuff that were unknown's to my friends, I took a chance. I liked it immensely, saw them in concert and remember Scott Gorham was the only guitarist thru the whole thing cuz Phil said the other one was ill or injured, something like that. I just wish my memory of those times were a little more distinct, or maybe not. This is an album that aged well and what I think seperates the classics from the current stuff. It you still like it, own it, and recommend it after 30+ years, it's a classic. So buy and enjoy!
0307474712|4.0|July 15 is the start of each new chapter. This is the story of a college-age couple getting together for the first time during the late eighties. The story offers a snapshot view of the couple on this particular day over the span of almost 25 years. The day itself, July 15, takes on a specific significance which is revealed almost at the end of the book. The story had a strong vibe similiar to Anita Shreve's The Last Time They Met. As the two main character's lives take on meaning, we come to see what they truly mean to each other. The story unravels itself somewhat slowly, maybe even sluggishly at times. The pacing is OK, though there is a lot more going back and forth in time at the end of the book which I wasn't entirely crazy about because it seemed to confuse the flow and continuity of the story. The author's style is somewhat unique. I just wasn't 100% on board with his chosen method of telling this story.
B000UR9QHQ|5.0|I feel nobody needs to hear about the plot cause everybody has had to see Halloween directed by John Carpenter he & Deborah Hill just tell a great story that unfolds amazing. It Stars Donald Plesance as Doctor Sam Loomis he'd be in part 2, 4, 5 & 6 I feel he just had the right attitude for the role. Jamie Lee Curtis as Laurie Strode a teenaged character I cared about not a emo cry baby like Sçøût TåÿLør Comptøn she'd also be in part 2, H20 & HR unfortunately. Nick Castle plays Michael Myers. I like it cause there is no explanation of why? You don't need it that's what  sequels are for. I like the simple things of Loomis talking about Michael Myers that he was his patient for 15 years & he needs to be stopped. Unlike how Rob Zombie humanized Michael with the white trash family & making Michael a tragic character. I like it how it's done here & he will wait for the right time & Carpenter's score is great & Alan Howarth would take over in 2-6 he'd do a good job too. Of course in Halloween II we'd find out that Laurie is Michael's sister & it's a great sequel but this is probably the best of any of the Halloween movies.
0307454541|5.0|Great, engaging story. It is actually two stories happening simultaneously. One wraps and the other follows. The characters are solid and well fleshed out. Well paced and executed. The book is long but you get a lot of bang for your buck.
B00127RAJY|1.0|WORT VIDEO EVER. WOULD LIKE TO RETURN FOR REFUND. SAME WORKOUT EVERY TIME & GETS REALL BOREING. ITEM DNOT DESCRIBED.
B003TVMIDO|1.0|I am giving this 1 star because there is NO reason to buy these remasters if you have the 2000 remaster versions.  Play them side by side on a good system with decent bass response.  The 2010 versions pale in comparison to the 2000 versions.  The 2000 versions have a nice bass-end to them, you can feel the bass lines, on the 2010 versions, it seems like they purposely took away from the low end and gave too much to the high end!  Some tracks actually hurt my ears because the highs are TOO high and \\"tinny\\".  The 2000 Remasters is the way to go.
044654759X|5.0|As always a good book.  Its a good read, but not quite as good as other books he has written.
0553805371|3.0|Stephen Hawking and his collegues always write in a way to make all understand and with some comic relief. It is an easy read but I felt it only really summerises the current thinking in this feild and doesn't seem to break any new ground philisophically or technically (but I guess it is aimed at a wider readership and that is probably the point). For someone who hasn't read the latest in the theories on spontaneous creation from quantum fluctuations and the multiverse ideas it is certainly a great read.
030726999X|5.0|This is the best one so far, lots of twists and turns. I enjoyed it.
B003DZX3SA|5.0|The only animated movie to receive a Best Picture Oscar nomination, and it deserved it.    Magic from the opening prologue to the final credit, \\"Beauty and the Beast\\" is the last real classic to come from the Disney crew before John Lasseter came along. This was one of the few movies I happily paid to see twice in the cinema, and sitting in a sparsely-populated Friday night audience (I was living in Barbados at the time, and it was hardly the most artistic place on Earth... it was a crying shame that there was hardly anyone there while \\"Home Alone 2\\" went through the roof) the second time, the magic remained.    You all know the story, so apart from pointing out the movie's one flaw (the prince's spell had to be broken before he turned 21 or he would remain a beast forever; so if it was cast ten years before the events of the movie, wouldn't that mean he was 11 when the spell was cast...?), let's look at how well the movie works. You have a monster who's more human than the movie's medallion-man villain; you have a heroine who's PC but engaging with it; you have a supporting cast of magic utensils who wisely never upstage the couple at the centre of this love story (and despite the Disney animated trappings, it IS a love story); and you have a captivating story, beautifully told.    The movie's also got wonderful design of its French setting and characters, with the ballroom scene a standout (the tiny but appreciative audience were impressed by the sight of the Beast and Belle in their evening wear - the only time I've ever seen cartoon characters get wolf-whistled in a cinema); and Alan Menken's score is his finest work for the Mouse, with matchless lyrics from the late and much lamented Howard Ashman - how many musicals can you name where ALL the songs are brilliant? But ultimately it's the movie's very real heart that makes it a keeper; the cliche \\"You'll laugh, you'll cry\\" is all too true in this case. A lot of movies called 'classic' don't deserve that appellation, but this one does.    And now it's finally arrived on bluray and looks better than I remember when I first saw it everyone who loves and treasures this movie should buy this before it goes back into the vault.
B003INBNXO|5.0|This is a great move. The beginning is a little cheesy but after that it gets really good. I would recommend this to anyone who likes martial arts.
B003TJR2HS|5.0|We had an old Bose Sound Dock in the closet going unused.  This was the original Sounddock that came with various plates to dock the different iPod products.  It only works with older generation iPods and never worked with iPhone or iTouch products.  The dockStubz changes all that.  Remove the plates and just attach the dockStubz to the Bose Sounddock and you are good to go.  iPhone, iTouch, and everything else pops right on and the sound is great.
B003Q6D2B4|5.0|This movie has it all. It's got:<br /><br />- Lots of action. Even though Bruce Willis is playing an older, retired guy, he's still got the goods. He's completely convincing. The rest of the cast delivers as well.<br /><br />- Funny moments - While it's not a continual thing, there are plenty of funny and light moments, with a few of laugh out louds. Willis is the master of action flick funny, and John Malkovich was surprisingly hilarious. The rest of the cast contributed well as straight guys.<br /><br />- Romance - Bruce Willis and Mary-Louise Parker really work. I don't want to ruin any surprises, but lets say it starts out and ends in a surprising way, and they had good chemistry.<br /><br />- Character development - Surprisingly well done for an action flick. Each character was really defined, and you get to care about them.<br /><br />- Suspense - It was really a good story, and well written. It was full of twists and surprises, with plenty of \\"edge of your seat\\" moments.<br /><br />- Outstanding cast - The star power in this movie was blinding. These people really shined. They're not stars for nothing. Each person was fantastic in their role.<br /><br />The beginning of the movie dragged just a bit, but once it took off, it really flew.<br /><br />It was a really enjoyable movie. We recommend this movie highly, however please don't bring your young kids as one family in the theater did. There's too much violence for children.
B00000294R|5.0|This is the first review I've ever put on Amazon but I felt I needed to share my opinion with any hip hop or rap fans.     I listen to rap from East and West coast and anywhere else they care to make it and have done since the late 1980's. Somehow during this time I missed Big L completely. I bought this album and his posthumous 'The Big Picture' at the same time a week or so ago. This album is by far one of the best 90's Rap albums I have heard. It's packed full of great tracks and only one or two which drop below the general level of excellence. Big L's lyrics, content and delivery are relentless to a point where you need a few listens to fully appreciate his skill.    This is most obvious on the beginning of '8 Iz Enuff' (which is my fave track on the album!)    If you like 90's Rap from either coast I assure you that you'll love this album. A small word of warning though, Big L doesn't hold back in his content and it is very raw.    I love this album. It'll be on quick rotation on my iPod for some time to come.
B003OWVHVC|5.0|I read about him in a magazine where they mentioned he did a Velvet Underground cover, Femme Fatale.  I love old soul music and this one of the best soul albums in a long, long time.  Cant stop listening to it.
0756665949|3.0|Okay, so the Encyclopedia was set to come in stores in mid-August the same time as the season 6 disc set, as well as the complete collection. Well August was drawing to a close, so I looked up the status of the book on various Lost websites and found out that the release date was pushed to October 12th, then the 14th then the 18th. Eventually I received the Encyclopedia on the 16th, practically jumping for joy.   I've watched this show for 6 long years hoping each question will be answered, now it seems like it'll take another six years to personally edit each page of the book. I actually had to put Post-It Notes on certain pages to either put in missing info, or point out obvious typos and repeating sentences.The foreword by the executive producers is not really comforting for a loyal Lost fan to read, as they surprisingly admitted that NOT ALL MYSTERIES WILL BE SOLVED IN THIS BOOK!!! Like as if they're telling us to figure it out on our own. And yet they call it a \\"bible\\".   I have mixed feelings about this book; I'm happy that I have it, I'm peeved about the grammatical errors, and I'm upset that I'll never really know who was in the outrigger shooting at Juliet, Sawyer, Miles, Locke, and Faraday.  There were fairly a lot of characters that made little or no impact on the characters' lives, or even on the show that the Encyclopedia had actually given room to talk about.     The authors even promised to NOT THROW PICTURES IN THAT TAKE UP A TWO PAGE SPREAD, and yet they did it any way. They had enough time, to fix the errors and the wasted spaces on each page, and they didn't even bother.    It would be utterly ridiculous to send it back to wait and hope for a second revised edition, so I'm basically screwed on this deal(but like I said earlier, I have mixed feelings about it).     If you have the book already, and you're totally, absolutley happy with it-fine, I respect the fact that you've been calm and cool about it. But I am disappointed that many significant mysteries will never be solved.
0812550706|5.0|I've read hundreds of SF novels over the last half century and I consider this the best of the best.  I am a fan of hard SF and have read almost all of the award winners.  Even though I read it years ago, it still moves me whenever I think about it.
B000I0RR76|5.0|This is my favorite Robin Hood.  Love the cast.  They are the best. Love Errol Flynn,  but Olivia de Havilland is my favorite.  She is great in this
B000AP04OM|5.0|We are a Julie Andrews fan. Of course this movie is by far her best! You will love the story and the wonderful singing by all!  Enjoy!!!
B003ZD9DYI|5.0|After an uneven debut album that I half way liked, his second was a step up, then the TRIO was a side step, but good. Continuum was a mature work, but needs a decidedly subdued mood to listen to. It lacks the ability to be played anywhere at any time. Battle Studies finally merges all the aspects of Mayers growing career into one album that goes from pure fun and enjoyable music, to deeper songs and some very powerful and moving songs.  This album grabbed my attention unlike any of his previous ones. I had always been a sideline fan, who appreciated his talent but never put him high up on my list of artists. Now, he has gotten there with this album.   The true test for me is, when an artist I kind of, sort of like inspires me to go see them live, they have arrived in my estimations.  I saw Mayer this past summer, and he lived up to his talent and more. The man is amazing and in 30 years, we will view him much the way people now view Clapton as far as guitar talent. I really think that is going to be the case.  In a world of pop trash, Mayer rises far about the pile.
B0028RXXE8|1.0|I am sure it was clear in the fine print. I just do not watch movies like that.
159102594X|2.0|This review addresses the trilogy as a whole, which I made the misfortune of purchasing.    Poor Joe is just trying too hard.  In his frantic effort to NOT write a contrived fantasy trilogy, he has managed to write a contrived fantasy trilogy.  One of the characters is interesting, the others are not nearly so much.  As the characters progress, the reader eventually discovers that the characters don't progress at all.  The only interesting character completely and criminally reverses character in the middle of the story and ceases to be interesting.      The story is not the boss in this trilogy; Joe's juvenile attempts to be 'edgy' are.  The whole experience was very disappointing.  I'd go into more detail, but I don't want to give away any spoilers for those who might read these books.
B000089RVX|5.0|I had wanted this CD for a long time before I finally got it a while ago on here. Love this CD; love Evanescence. First concert I've ever been to was an Evanescence concert. Good times. Great CD.
0756405890|5.0|Hands down, this is the best fantasy novel of the past decade.    I hate that the sequel is taking so long to get here, but I hear it is out in March.
B000SMWUPS|5.0|This is the best stroller addition -- I have a Peg Perego Pliko P3 and love the stroller but wanted a drink holder for 2 or more drinks.  The Buggy Buddy has met every need and I'm thrilled!  It fits the Pliko very nicely and I can even fold the Pliko up with the Buggy Buddy attached -- can't get easier than that.  It holds 2 drinks in the holders and then I can normally fit at least one or 2 more drinks (I have 3 kids :) in the middle section --plus keys and a small snack or two.  It's truly great would recommend it to anyone looking for a drink holder for the Pliko and other strollers.
B002VECM6S|5.0|The DVD arrived quickly.  We have not reviewed it, because it is a Christmas gift for our family.  We will let you know how it works.  The rating is only for delivery safety and promtness
B003PIUBZS|5.0|Love it!!!  So want more! JUST so sad about the main character.  Love it and want more!!
B0016OM3TU|5.0|For a non-actor musician, Dexter can show a lot of A-list actors a thing or two.  Unlike Hollywood movies featuring a well-known jazz musician, this one delivers the real thing, music-wise, with no fading the music and cutting to the main characters dining and talking. But the writing is a little tedious at times, making the actors say some corny, self-conscious lines, as if explaining and talking down to an audience that's never heard any jazz before.  Dexter's character, Dale Turner the celebrated tenor sax player and alcoholic, is subjected to some unnecessary humiliation to sledge-hammer home the message that if he goes back to the bottle, it's curtains for him. And some silly, unreal and unnecessary minor characters, added merely for color.  However, the movie is satisfying as the story of one American jazz musician among the many that were drawn to Paris, where nobody noticed the color of their skin.
B0032JTV6U|5.0|I didn't begin watching GLEE until about halfway through the season.  Various friends would say, I can't believe that you aren't watching this!  Finally, at a scrap-booking retreat, my girlfriend brought the 1st half of season one and our room laughed for two days!  I LOVE the music!  I love Coach Sue Sylvester.  It's just a great combination of characters and voices.  Also, I love the way they turn well known songs into choir songs. I've been in choirs ALL my life and love the blends and harmonies. They have a broad range of music anywhere from Broadway to 80's and current music. I've downloaded most everything.  I hope they continue for years to come.  I am a 40year old Gleek :-)
0385738757|5.0|The people who say this book was awful are shucking LIARS! The first book The Maze Runner kept me absolutely captivated for a full six days. I waited for The Scorch Trials for a full year. When I received I flipped and screamed and yelled as I read it. I began the book the minute I got it and finished it 41 hours later. The book was amazing! Although Dashner's writing is much different from what I've ever seen it's a new, better writing. I've heard of people who absolutely hated the first book. One of the people who hated Maze I made them read it again and they didn't like that much. I'm okay with that. But one person I know read thirty pages of it and said it completely sucked! Except everybody else who has read it it's been up their with their favorites. It's just because those picky people can't get over themselves and deal with the writing style.     Anyway, back to the review. You'd be surprised Dashner could get a 100,000 word story out of kid's traveling across a desert and still keep you captivated. It was scary and humorous and just plain action-packed. Although, like someone stated above, the last battle didn't have much of a point, have you ever read any other book? There's not a point in a lot of battles. It's just to make the story better and longer.     I loved it, and now I'm afraid to walk down stairs or be alone in the dark.    James Dashner has managed to terrify me, make me laugh, and captivate me all within 360 pages!
0062502182|5.0|this book is for anyone who wants to experience life as a journey: a fantastic read.
B0027BOL4G|5.0|Makes you wonder what is in our food and what it has done to our bodies.  Could there be a link to the overwhelming numbers of unhealthy American chidren?  Autism, ADD and cancers?
B000MV8XPG|4.0|My 3 year old son loves this. It's very sturdy and can really dig (in soft dirt or sand only) it won't break ground though. It's easy to maneuver &  he fits on it perfectly; in fact it's a little big for him,  and he's a big three year old too(45lbs, & 3.5 ft tall)  It's the perfect size for my 7 year old who also plays with it.  I wish it wasn't so expensive though. As nice as it is, I have to say that it IS overpriced.  But if you're like me & know that your kid would love it, you won't be sorry if you get it for him.
B0038M2AP0|5.0|I've seen the various adaptations of Jane Austen's \\"Emma,\\" but no movie (or actress) really seemed to capture the lighthearted brightness, romance and sweetness of that book. Fortunately, such is not the case with the BBC's latest adaptation -- it's a sunlit, enchanting little story that dances along at a leisurely pace, and has a brilliant cast headed by the astonishingly good Romola Garai.<br /><br />After matchmaking her sister and her governess Miss Taylor (Jodhi May), Emma Woodhouse (Garai) fancies herself an expert on human nature, and on \\"nudging\\" couples into matrimony. The acerbic Mr. Knightley (Jonny Lee Miller) isn't impressed.<br /><br />And after Miss Taylor becomes Mrs. Weston, Emma ends up becoming best buddies with Harriet, (Louise Dylan) a sweet (if not very bright) young woman who is the illegimate daughter of \\"somebody.\\" Emma becomes determined to pair Harriet with someone deserving of her, and focuses her efforts on matching Harriet to the rather smarmy but charming Mr. Elton. When Emma's latest matchmaking attempt falls apart, she vows not to mess with people's lives again -- but she can't help but be interested by Harriet's potential suitors.<br /><br />At around the same time, two people that Emma has heard of her entire life have arrived -- the charming Frank Churchill (Rupert Evans), and the reserved and \\"perfect\\" Miss Jane Fairfax (Laura Pyper). Emma begins a flirtatious friendship with Frank, but for some reason is unable to get close to Miss Fairfax -- and ends up alienating her further on a disastrous day out. And as she navigates the secrets and rumors of other people's romantic lives, she begins to realize who she has been in love with all along.<br /><br />Out of all Jane Austen's books, \\"Emma\\" is the frothiest and lightest, and this adaptation reflects that well -- it's bright and sunny most of the time, full of \\"fairyland\\" balls, lush green fields and forests, and the a quaint little village. There's some moments of seriousness (such as the somber, rainy examination of the similarities between Jane, Emma and Frank), but nothing that keeps Emma Woodhouse's sunny charmed life from proceeding as usual.<br /><br />Fortunately, the story also explores Emma's maturation over the course of a year or two, and the writers also expand on the feelings and lives of Frank, Jane and Mr. Woodhouse. Ir's laced with plenty of clever dialogue (\\"That man is so full of himself, I'm surprised he can stay on his horse!\\"), gently barbed humor and beautifully orchestrated moments of subtle romance, such as Emma and Knightley's dance together or Emma's simple declaration of \\"I began to examine my own heart, and there YOU were.\\"<br /><br />And Romola Garai makes the perfect Emma: young, bright, well-meaning and assured of her own knowledge of the human heart, but also naive and a little snobbish. She flits around like a clumsy butterfly, and Garai makes her lovable and endearing even when she screws up. Jonny Lee Miller is similarly brilliant as the restrained, stern Mr. Knightley with his sharp wit and unconventional habits (such as when he tells Emma why he rode a horse to a dinner party).<br /><br />The supporting cast is also brilliant: Michael Gambon is of particular delight as Emma's dismal hypochondriac dad, who still tried his best for his daughters, and Jodhi May is amazing as Emma's ex-governess. Dylan was adorable as the naive Harriet, and Evans and Pyper are excellent as Frank and Jane. Tamsin Greig, Blake Ritson and Robert Bathurst all do good jobs as well -- and Christina Cole is wonderfully horrible as the snobby, domineering Mrs. Elton.<br /><br />The newest adaptation of \\"Emma\\" is enchanting from beginning to end -- beautiful direction, solid writing, and an amazing cast. Definitely a must-see for Austen aficionados.nation of the similarities between Jane, Emma and Frank), but nothing that keeps Emma Woodhouse's sunny charmed life from proceeding as usual.     Fortunately, the story also explores Emma's maturation over the course of a year or two, and the writers also expand on the feelings and lives of Frank, Jane and Mr. Woodhouse. Ir's laced with plenty of clever dialogue (\\"That man is so full of himself, I'm surprised he can stay on his horse!\\"), gently barbed humor and beautifully orchestrated moments of subtle romance, such as Emma and Knightley's dance together or Emma's simple declaration of \\"I began to examine my own heart, and there YOU were.\\"     And Romola Garai makes the perfect Emma: young, bright, well-meaning and assured of her own knowledge of the human heart, but also naive and a little snobbish. She flits around like a clumsy butterfly, and Garai makes her lovable and endearing even when she screws up. Jonny Lee Miller is similarly brilliant as the restrained, stern Mr. Knightley with his sharp wit and unconventional habits (such as when he tells Emma why he rode a horse to a dinner party).     The supporting cast is also brilliant: Michael Gambon is of particular delight as Emma's dismal hypochondriac dad, who still tried his best for his daughters, and Jodhi May is amazing as Emma's ex-governess. Dylan was adorable as the naive Harriet, and Evans and Pyper are excellent as Frank and Jane. Tamsin Greig, Blake Ritson and Robert Bathurst all do good jobs as well -- and Christina Cole is wonderfully horrible as the snobby, domineering Mrs. Elton.     The newest adaptation of \\"Emma\\" is enchanting from beginning to end -- beautiful direction, solid writing, and an amazing cast. Definitely a must-see for Austen aficionados.
0316010669|4.0|Blink:  The Power of Thinking Without Thinking  Summary   \\"Blink:  The Power of Thinking Without Thinking\\" talks about how everyday decisions that we make almost subconsciously tend to be more complex than we may realize.  Malcom Gladwell points out how some people aren't better than others at making decisions necessarily because they spend the most amount of time thinking about them, but more because they are good at picking out the important factors in a problem from the sometimes overwhelming number of variables in a given situation, and therefore focusing on these factors in order to make a decision. The author talks about how some of the best and most urgent/important decisions that we make occur based on judgments made at the \\"blink\\" of an eye.   Gladwell uses the term \\"thin-slicing\\" to describe how when faced with a problem or situation, we tend to almost immediately unconsciously begin to filter out information that is irrelevant to the situation at hand, while we simultaneously subconsciously start to focus more and more on important \\"slices\\" of information with each second.  The author elaborates that much of this thin-slicing analysis is based on knowledge and experience that we posses from previous situations, much of which is stored behind a \\"locked door\\" (i.e. we often cannot explain in words why or how these \\"snap judgments\\" that we make actually occur).  He cites research conducted by a psychologist named Jonathan W. Schooler in noting that the brain's two hemispheres work completely differently, in that the left hemisphere often works in logic and words, while the right hemisphere is very visual.  While we often use the aforementioned thin-slicing techniques to make snap judgments that are fairly accurate most of the time, when people have been asked to put the logic behind this quick thinking into words, it often not only causes them to falter in their explanations, but also overshadows and clouds the original thinking that subconsciously took place in their minds.   The author cites many examples and analysis to bring to light the true \\"power of thinking without thinking\\", since many of us truly do not realize how much of our thinking is truly done in  our unconscious.  He explains that if we can learn to improve the quality of our decisions, we need to acknowledge and respect the fact that we may not always be able to know the true basis behind our thinking.  Furthermore, a true balance between deliberate and instinctive thinking is key.  If we allow our unconscious to take over 100 % in our decisions and analysis/judgment-making, we may end up with results that are too shallow.  On the contrary, if we rely too much on deliberate analysis, we may overload our brains with information and overlook the crucial part of our unconscious that is part of human nature and serves as a key element in allowing us to make even better and more accurate judgments and decisions than any amount of research and analysis could ever produce.    Response/Opinion   I personally enjoyed Malcom Gladwell's \\"Blink:  The Power of Thinking Without Thinking\\", especially because I feel as though I can relate very closely to the underlying premise of what Gladwell is talking about in this book.  Gladwell's main focus in \\"Blink\\" is about the human subconscious:  the thought process that is performed in almost every situation of life that occurs unconsciously.  The author further emphasizes the true importance of this ability that we humans posses, and how it is even often more essential to our everyday lives than in-depth analysis and active thought processes.   Gladwell uses the example of the Getty Kouros, a Greek statue dating back to the sixth century B.C. that had been discovered by Gianfranco Becchina and presented to the J. Paul Getty museum in the early 1980's.  Because such discovered kouroses are typically heavily damaged, worn, and visibly apparent that they were dug out of the ground, the fact that this kouros was in such goodshape made many wary as to its authenticity.  As a result, months of analysis and testing were conducted on the kouros, all of which pointed towards the kouros being the real deal.  Nonetheless, experienced historians and experts such as Federico Zeri and Thomas Hoving took a look at this kouros, and almost at first glance, something told them that it just \\"wasn't right\\".  Whether it is the statue's unusual flawlessness, or even something odd about its fingernails, many experts in this field had a strange feeling when observing the kouros no matter what the analysis and evidence had shown.  Hoving even stated that the first word that came to his mind when seeing the marble statue was \\"fresh\\", a word obviously not fitting for a kouros that is supposedly over 2,000 years old.  Though it still has not been determined whether or not the kouros is a true work of art from the sixth century B.C. or simply a well-crafted replica, many historians were able to make an almost instantaneous suspicious judgment about the statue just by looking at it.  What is even more interesting is that if they are truly right, their instinctual \\"snap judgments\\" made by \\"thin-slicing\\" (that in the end these historians could not even explain in words) would prove to be more accurate than months of analysis and testing.   The author discusses other examples that cite the mysterious ways of our subconscious, such as in the case of speed dating.  He makes the interesting point that even though speed dating only allows people to have six minutes with each other before moving onto the next person, this time is enough for most people to use their instincts and snap-judgments in order to determine whether or not they think this person may be a potential fit.  Or, another example cites an experiment where a Marne, Paul Van Riper, and several Marine Corps Generals traveled to the Mercantile Exchange in New York to meet with a group of Wall Street traders.  After the market closed for the day, these Marines participated in trading games.  Afterwards, the traders were similarly taken to a military base and participated in war games on computers, as well as live tank exercises.  What was ultimately found was that both groups did extremely well on their simulations and games.  Because Marines and traders both work in positions that require them to make frequent, spur-of-the-moment decisions, they both think the same way.  Both groups were used to working under pressure and relying on thin-slicing and snap judgments in order to make effective decisions, and therefore did very well in their respective exercises.   Whether it be Marine Corps, stock brokers, historians, or any other type of human, Gladwell points out that we all \\"think without thinking\\" on a daily basis.  I particularly enjoyed his analysis because I am frequently someone who has trouble acting on what my brain tells me, since I usually concurrently have a stronger gut-instinct present within my heart that can conflict with my logical side.  I think that a lot of what Gladwell elaborates on when he compares snap judgments that come from our subconscious versus more drawn-out, deliberate thinking processes relates to \\"thinking with your heart\\" versus \\"thinking with your head\\".  Because I am, as I said, someone who frequently lets his heart win over his head, this instinct versus logic battle is something that I find myself struggling with on a daily bases since I am also largely a logical thinker and always analyze everything before making a decision.  In fact, I frequently find myself trying to teach myself to think a different way in future situations after I find myself regretting making a decision in which I either let myself rely too much on my heart, or too much on my head.   Gladwell emphasizes the fact that as humans, we need to try to find a balance between deliberate analytical thought and instinctual thinking.  Because this has long been a struggle for me, I thoroughly enjoyed Gladwell's analysis and examples.  He makes the interesting point that though all humans naturally use thin-slicing to make snap judgments that we often cannot even explain, people who are \\"experts\\" in a particular field tend to make less shallow judgments because of their experience and stored knowledge.  I think that as time goes on and as one gains more experience through a repetition of similar types of situations, we naturally become \\"experts\\" in dealing with certain types of situations and decisions.  The problem that I have come across however is that I tend to forget knowledge that I have gained from past experiences too easily, and I end up making the same mistakes in my analysis and decision making processes by repeating these mistakes throughout time.  I think that Gladwell's insights have taught me that I personally need to work more actively towards keeping track of my experiences and using this gained knowledge in the active sector of my thinking process when situations arise.  Yes, I will never be able to change the fact that I think largely with my heart (which I should not want to change), but if I am able to store this experience and knowledge effectively, I will be able to use it to my advantage in being able to make more in-depth and knowledgeable decisions in the future, especially when it comes to applying more of a deliberate thought-process in counteracting some of my snap judgments that may be somewhat incorrect.   Overall, I really enjoyed \\"Blink\\" and what Malcom Gladwell had to say in this reading.  I think his analysis is very pertinent since this is a topic in which every human being can relate to.  Furthermore, it is most certainly applicable to everyone's lives, whether personally or in the business world.  In relation to this course and in measuring customer value, I think Gladwell's analysis is especially pertinent since much of the perceptions and decisions made by marketers often rely on thin-slicing and snap judgments in addition to in depth analysis and market-research, especially in face-to-face, real-time situations with customers.  All-in-all, I think that this book was an excellent read and is very relevant to our society in many ways.  I would highly recommend it to people in all walks of life, as it is an easy read that can be very beneficial to people's lives and future decision-making.
B0015DROBO|5.0|The characters grab your emotions and hold you captive.  I read the paperback because I didn't believe the hype surrounding his books.  Once I started reading this book,  knew  was in for a treat and immediately bought the other two books in the series.
B001VNB54A|4.0|When The Pacific first aired, I, like many others, had high hopes for it due to Band of Brothers.  I was disappointed.  Then I began trying to base the series on its own, without trying to follow in its brothers footsteps.  I was still disappointed.  The series just didn't seem to make much sense.  Characters would come and go and it was very hard to figure out who was who and who was doing what.  I didn't understand why an entire episode had been devoted to love/relationships.  I was just all in all disappointed and couldn't figure out why with a 200 million dollar budget The Pacific was made the way it was.    Months later I watched it again.  I love it.  Having the knowledge of who the characters are and being able to go into the series knowing who is who and where they are made it very enjoyable.  I understand now why they made the creative decisions to take some time to show the marines outside of the fighting.  It's still not Band of Brothers, but then again it wouldn't, and shouldn't, be.    I think everybody should give this series a chance, and if you watched it once and didn't really like it, I challenge you to watch it again.  You may still not love it as much as Band of Brothers, but I definitely think you will get more out of it the second time around.
B0026S7JQ2|5.0|Item works great! Takes right out of the box and you put the three pieces together and viola! It's ready to use! Had it for more than a year now and it's held up great for my Macbook Pro 13''. No complains at all. Haven't tried it with any other sizes other than my 13''.
1591843162|5.0|As an avid reader of Seth's blog, I'm not surprised to find Linchpin a brilliant book. Anyone who wants to make a difference through their work and personal life should read this. If you aren't getting ahead in your career, but you really do want to, and you have the passion to move beyond just \\"work,\\" you'll find fantastic insights in Linchpin and concrete ideas to help you find more rewards in work and life than you thought could be there.
B003VDZK8K|5.0|I was not really a huge fan of melodic metal or Advenged 7x but this cd is definitely their best work. They did a really good job of blending different aspects of their style on this cd. There are only 2 songs I don't like but the rest of the cd I find AMAZING!!!
0385737955|1.0|Indeed the beginning has a great potential, the Golding-like setting, elements of \\"Matrix\\" (Maze) and \\"Last stand\\". The story with the lost memories which reappear, when the Griever-serum is given.  The situation with 50 boys and one girl, nobody knows why, the telepathic gift of Teresa and Thomas, the maze which opens only by day and shuts down by night, all that is fantastic stuff to deal with.  But Dashner destroys his own setting by crashing it in the last part. There are so many unsolved questions and the ending is really horrible:  - What is the sense of the experiment the creators have done to the boys?  - Which role do Thomas and Teresa play in this experiment? There seems to be something but Dashner leaves us with open questions only. And in the Scorch Trial this is not solved.  - Why don't we get any information on Thomas changing? The things he knows after it aren't memories, he only gets the clue to destroy the maze.  - Why does Tresa always lay in a coma? What's the reason for that? It seems, Dashner didn't have any idea to get her acting.  - At the end one doesn't get any information of the result of this horrible experiment, one only gets to know, that it will be continued.  The story turns more and more into a horror scenario without any sense. I didn't like the ending at all and I don't like the sequels beginning at all because it's much more horror. Therefor I don't think this is a book for young adults, it's so negative and horrible in it's consequences, I never would give this to younger readers.  When you read the authors blog it´s no wonder he has ended up this way. He was so keen to get rich and famous with writing, and he needed several agents and editors to get through to a big publishing house. I think he should have taken much more time to develop his story in a much better way.  I am from germany and read the book in english and I am happy that up to this day there has been no german publisher who will publish this horrible stuff in germany.
B003TSEL7S|4.0|Allright, I'll admit I was totally wary about reading The Lost Hero when I loved the Percy Jackson series so much, but man! what a first book!! Could not put it down.  It's great that Riordan has decided to rotate this series around Roman gods and how similar and different they are from the Greek gods.  Definitely an interesting, fun, fast read.  Will be counting down until next Fall for the Son of Neptune.
1439133948|5.0|My book just arrived and I opened it to find a CD with all of the Miles books on it in Kindle and other formats.  There are also many other items on the CD, including interviews with Lois McMaster bujold.  So with this one book, you can read the entire series.      Now I just need to decide how I am going to read  -- heavy book, lightweight Kindle or both.    I hope other books come in both forms -- book and ebook together.  This is nice.
0800141806|5.0|An attorney at a large law firm (Tom Hanks) is fired under fraudulent circumstances when his colleagues suspect--correctly--that he suffers from AIDS.  Unable to retain more prestigious representation, he turns to a homophobic ambulance chaser (Denzel Washington) to present his case.    As the first big Hollywood production to deal with AIDS and homosexuality, it can be forgiven for relying on courtroom intrigue instead of placing faith in the very real drama of a terminal disease.  This was probably necessary to get the film past executives who must have been wary of the public's tolerance and the reception they would grant such material.  To the credit of director Jonathan Demme and screenwriter Ron Nyswaner, the dramatic balance shifts away from legal shenanigans as the film progresses, leaving us with a terribly moving finale.  This fine film may be imperfect in the tone it strikes, but it is a groundbreaking effort and worthy of a place on your shelf.  Hanks and Washington deliver fantastic performances.
B001P3SA94|5.0|The artists were spot on with their portrayal of the Blues Greats.  Yes, Leonard Chess' seamier side was glossed over, but this is not unusual for Hollywood. An absolutely great DVD.
030726999X|5.0|I couldn't put down this book, in fact the whole series.  Extremely well written.  Highly recommend.  Sorry there won't be any more books from Larsson.
0439023491|4.0|I heap praise upon the first book in this fascinating Dystopian trilogy, and I do for this book as well. I must admit the first person narrative is getting a bit old but the suspense and drama keeps me wanting more of Katniss and the thought of another rebellion has left me itching to read Mockingjay. However, Collins does still leave some questions unanswered. I for one would like to know how President Snow got into office. But other than that I find that although a bit slower than its predecessor, Catching Fire is still a worthy read.
B003JTHXN6|3.0|The first part of book is rather a biograph for Tony and his companies. This guy sold an idea to Microsoft and spent all his money and then created Zappos. The second part is a mixture of Zappos culture and Zappos culture book and Zappos cultural people. If you want to know something about Tony, read the first part and stop. If you want to know more about Zappos secret to success, don't buy this book because all this culture thing is the key and you can find it on Zappos.com
0470450266|5.0|I am a student at The Art Institutes of Las Vegas studying 3d Animation and Character Modeling.  We primarily use Maya for our Character Modeling class and used ZBrush in that class to refine our polyMeshes(Add additional detail such as the Musculature and skeletal details) and to add other accesories (such as clothing and weapons).  This book was not the required text for our class, but my instructor recommended that we should purchase this book as it has a clear and precise step by step process that walks you through how to model that character on the cover exactly as it is shown on the cover.  I also had an Anatomy class that same quarter and my Anatomy instructor was amazed at this book as it is also a must have book as an Anatomy reference.  The author is Scott Spencer and his other Zbrush book (listed below) has long been a fixture as the best Zbrush book out there period.  A must have for your 3d Modeling library.  Check out the Zbrush forum and I'm sure you'll see the same enthusiasm and love for this book.  Keep up the great work Scott!    Product Details  ZBrush Character Creation: Advanced Digital Sculpting - Paperback (June 3, 2008) by Scott Spencer
B000FVQLQQ|5.0|Although there are many movies about sports and the thrill of scoring a touchdown or home run, there are few if any movies that address the passion of intellectual achievement.  Sure, there are plenty of science fiction movies about somebody conceiving, designing, and building some amazing vehicle or weapon in one fell swoop, (like Cochran and warp drive in Star Trek) but these are no more than fantasies which bear no relation to actual achievements in science and engineering.  This movie about a character who we might (if we were to find ourselves in a sufficiently generous mood) be described as modeled on John Nash, comes close to bringing into view the world of applied mathematicians.  Indeed, the first half hour of the movie dealing with Nash as a graduate student, strikes a familiar chord.  Hanging out with your grad school buddies at the local pub to discuss the great issues of to day or to formulate unworkable strategies for picking up girls is wonderfully familiar.  The unification of these two activities into the epiphany needed to supercharge your Ph.D. thesis was very satisfying--even if it had nothing to do with anything John Nash had ever experienced--or had any true relation to his work.<br /><br />For my part, I don't care if any of this movie has anything at all to do with the real John Nash.  I just like the way this movie conveys the excitement of conceiving of and working out a brilliant new theory.  Never would I have thought that a scene consisting of someone scribbling on a few pieces of paper could seem so magical--and in a way that I can clearly identify with my own experience.  The seasons pass--but there is John Nash joyfully working with his equations and diagrams!  Also wonderful are the scenes involving Nash and his Ph.D. adviser.  From the initial point where the adviser regards Nash as a kind of goof-off grad student who neither attends classes nor publishes journal articles--to the point where Nash finally wows him with his wonderful new take on economics and game theory--it certainly rang true to me!  I also loved the Nash character's comment to a fellow student that \\"Classes will dull your mind and block the way to authentic creativity.\\"  I hated grad school courses with a passion and could not wait to get out from under them!<br /><br />I was also taken with the story of Nash meeting and courting the nurturing woman who became his wife (played by the very appealing Jennifer Connelly, who won Best Supporting Actress for her role).  Her character reminded me of meeting my own wonderful wife--and of her efforts (similar to those of Nash's wife) to connect with me and bring me closer to something resembling reality.<br /><br />Of course most of this movie dealt with the rather extreme mental problems of the pseudo Nash title character.  These experiences are too far outside of my experience for me to identify with them in anything close to my visceral response to the film's portrait of Nash's alleged grad school days.  This mental breakdown part of the story is actually more interesting in Sylvia Nasser's book, in accord with the veracity of the old \\"truth is stranger than fiction\\" axiom.n economics and game theory--it certainly rang true to me!  I also loved the Nash character's comment to a fellow student that \\"Classes will dull your mind and block the way to authentic creativity.\\"  I hated grad school courses with a passion and could not wait to get out from under them!  I was also taken with the story of Nash meeting and courting the nurturing woman who became his wife (played by the very appealing Jennifer Connelly, who won Best Supporting Actress for her role).  Her character reminded me of meeting my own wonderful wife--and of her efforts (similar to those of Nash's wife) to connect with me and bring me closer to something resembling reality.  Of course most of this movie dealt with the rather extreme mental problems of the pseudo Nash title character.  These experiences are too far outside of my experience for me to identify with them in anything close to my visceral response to the film's portrait of Nash's alleged grad school days.  This mental breakdown part of the story is actually more interesting in Sylvia Nasser's book, in accord with the veracity of the old \\"truth is stranger than fiction\\" axiom.
0451531221|4.0|I enjoyed the narrative of this novel, it was well written and gives good insight to 19th century English aristocratic life.
B001FB55I0|5.0|Great movie, everything I expected for a continuation of the Terminator story, and then some.  Very well done.  Highly entertaining.  The ONLY flaw is when they introduced Arnold S's terminator model (T101?)... it was clearly computer generated and looked a little fake, but not too bad.  (Humans ARE hard to do in CG, so...)  That aside, this was a GREAT movie.
B0020MMB9E|4.0|I love the stuff that Jamie presents. It's all down to earth, good, honest food that tastes fancy without taking forever to prepare. I like the recipes that he has included but I must admit, it is missing some of my favorite home cooking. I think it's great that Jamie can get you cooking healthy without forcing it upon you. The stuff is really good, healthy is just bonus.    Two thumbs up!
030726999X|5.0|Don't wait for it to come out in paperback!!!! Buy it NOW!!! I'm so glad that I did!!
B003EYVXXW|5.0|To sarakani and R.L. Stine who advanced the theory that there was a conspiracy to keep this film from getting wide distribution - have you considered that the studios and distributors perceived a widespread lack of interest in the subject matter?  This is not the type of film that one would expect to become a blockbuster.  It probably did well to cover it's costs.
030745455X|5.0|All 3 books in this series are a must read!!! As soon as you finish this one you will want to have the next one handy to start immediately. The Lisbeth Salander character is very intriguing. Conspiracies, sex, murder, personal growth, non-conformist relationships, multifaceted plots, what more would one want?
B0021L8V1Q|1.0|I found the first one clever. Stark was cool. Actually everybody around Stark was cool. The second was so predictable = lame. I just don't know about Mickey Rourke - he was cool in 9 1/2 weeks and it looks like he is working on a \\"pension plan payment\\". No 2 is a kids movie, and I just clinch over MR doing kid's movies. (What was the name of the kid movie Schwarzenegger played in = painful to watch for adults.)    No, I don't want to see another sequel.
0345505387|4.0|A lot of work went into the illustrations. I didn't realize when I ordered the book for another family menmber that it was illustrated (I'm not too observant), but I was still pleased with the book and its quality.
B0030IIZ4M|4.0|Pixar's first success story. I would love this movie except that my son has watched it over and over again. Very good flick if you don't have it memorized. =)
B0033PSH4U|4.0|Of all the movies starring De Niro, this is one you hear the least about, but I consider it a fine movie nonetheless.  The casting is brilliant all the way around and the acting superb.  The story is compelling and personally I love how it is narrated by the character Calogero, who is De Niro's son in the movie.  It has a powerful moral message and even the musical score is a perfect fit.  If you love movies about Italian gangsters and coming of age stories, check this one out.
B0010V4TZU|5.0|I can't say enough about how much I like this band.  This is for the dreamy laid-back folk and I am one of them.  It's fun, it's not cookie cutter pop and it has a fantastical edge to it that is so appealing.  Great road trip music.  Great walking music.  Great sitting in a hammock reading the paper music.  It's music that makes you want to get up and dance, stop and smell the roses, hit the beach and basically enjoy life because it's too short to waste away indoors or doing something boring like work.
B002U6CJO2|4.0|I'm not sure why Oshii decided to do this. Replacing the blue-green colors with yellow-orange to match Innocence? I doubt it :) The new big-eyed Motoko does look weird most of the time. But I liked the new soundtrack; it's not better or worse than the original, just very different.
1881273873|5.0|I ordered this book for a course I'm taking called Gender Communication. The Five Love Languages for Singles gives practical communication practices to help you make those you care about feel loved.  I highly recommend it!
B001GQSY64|5.0|This item was a good item in great condition and arrived real fast.  I recommend this seller to everyone else and hope everyone else has such great service.  happy shopping!
B0026P3G12|3.0|Susan Boyle's voice is an absolute masterpiece, I can never hear it enough, but unfortunately, this album doesn't do her justice. Every single song is very slow paced; they never really tried to push Ms. Boyle's voice at all, to see if she is even capable of singing a faster song with just as much beauty as her slow songs. In all honesty, for me, this CD was a let-down. Every time I try listening to it, I end up falling asleep because of how slow all the songs are. It really is such a shame they didn't let her prove she can do more than the slow stuff. The whole CD just felt tame, but that's my personal opinion. I really hope with her next CD she gets to spread her wings a bit more and showcase just how good her voice is.
B0001CNRBG|5.0|This is one of my favorite movies, the main song in it really touches my heart every time I hear it!
B001V7UXG2|5.0|I already own this, but I would buy it again if they had closed captioned it.  Much as I love the books and this series, I can't understand most of it without captioning.  Bertie speaks very quickly. When will the British learn that Americans can't understand them?
B003YK42LQ|3.0|I'm a big fan of KOL, and this album is really just blah.  The band really peaked two albums ago and since then have gotten worse with each album.  The first two songs start the album off with promise, where \\"The End\\" sounds like it left off right where Only By The Night ended.  \\"Radioactive\\" is a catchy song that they've apparently had been working on for years and you can tell.  The lyrics and melody are reminiscent of older KOL albums.  Then things start to go bad.  The next songs are all slow and forgettable.  No real riffs, no attitude, just filler.      They get back on track with the slide guitar heavy \\"Back Down South\\" and at the end with \\"Mi Amigo\\" and \\"Pickup Truck\\".  I hold KOL to a higher standard and I just don't think this is up to the quality they have given us in the past.  I get that they have evolved into a more polished sound, but it didn't have to be so boring.
B001QOGYBI|5.0|The Fantastic Mr. Fox isn't a roll of the floor funny type film, but it is one of the funniest films I've seen all year. The film moves along at a quick pace and while no one joke blows you away that fact the it remains funny from start to finish is an achievement that is seldom, well.....achieved!<br /><br />The animation is quirky almost trippy, kind of like Robot Chicken and Adult Swim type stuff. The voice acting is also strong with Clooney, Murray and company giving the furry characters life. I may not have laughed so hard my stomach ached, but I had a smile on my face from start to finish and that doesn't happen often enough. The DVD transfer looks great, but the extras are pretty bland.
0743437497|4.0|The Shining is a Stephen King classic about a family that goes and stays in a hotel in the middle of nowhere for the winter. But this family has some problems, the little boy, Danny, has a special ability where he knows what people are thinking. He can also see things that have happened in the past or things that are going to happen when he goes into a trance. These 'powers' can be helpful at times but they mostly create problems for the family because with these abilities he has developed a very strong imagination and this makes him see bad things where bad things have happened in the past. The house that the family is staying at has defiantly had its fare share of murders and other bad cases. To make matters worse the Dad is an ex-alcoholic and still a little bit loopy. He has been off of alcohol for the past year but all the stress of the house is making all of his alcoholic symptoms come back one including hitting his son and wife. All of these factors play a big role in the climax of the story. This book is the best and scariest horror story I have read. I didn't think that I could even be scared from reading a book until this book.   SS
1400049628|5.0|It's no secret why the son of Mel Brooks had me rolling over, laughing hard, and crying while gasping for breath at 4 AM (Which is about when you'll find time to finally put the book down. When you finish it!) A must read for all Nazi Zombies, and L4D1, L4D2, and Jonathan Coulton fans
B003PIUBZS|4.0|I heard about this show when it was new, but didn't have Starz so it sort of fell of my radar until this Season 1 DVD set came out. Being a fan of Greek and Roman mythology I was quite curious how it would be presented and in the story of Spartacus itself. I will firstly say that this 4 DVD Set encompasses 13 episodes and additional bonus features. It comes very well presented in nicely designed packaging with a separate sleeve for each disc.<br /><br />New to the series, I will say that the first few episodes left a bit of a bad taste in my mouth. Though this is definitely a polished series, lacking the cheesy aspects of shows like Hercules or Xena, it was at first only a step above those cable tv shows. At first, I couldn't get past the graphic nature of the violence, though I didn't mind the other graphic aspects ;) However the story was quite interesting and compelled me to keep watching. As I did I realized the stylized violence was just part of the story telling, and while at times it was over the top, I feel that as the season progresses they do more to make it enjoyable. Variety in the various matches, different enemies and arenas, as well as an evolving style of the action were welcomed to the brash delivery experienced early on. Specifically towards the latter half of the season, I was glad to see they kept adding elements to make the fight scenes more stylistic, almost comic book-ish at points.<br /><br />The acting in this series was, with minor exception, very very good. As you would expect, Andy Whitfield as Spartacus and John Hannah as the fight club leader Batiatus performed very well. But not expected were standout performances by Lucy Lawless as Batiatus' wife Lucretia, Peter Mensah, and especially Nick Tarabay as Ashur, who I think was the most convincing of all the cast.<br /><br />Also, as I said, the story is compelling and it picks up steam as it goes along for sure. I like that they didn't open dozens of different plot-lines only to leave most of them hanging. They definitely tie up more loose ends than most series would, and for that I give them kudos, when you see it, you'll agree it's a pretty brave move from the creators.<br /><br />So perhaps it isn't the best telling of a Greek tale ever, but it does rise far above most of the other TV series (granted they can do more with less regulations) in this genre. But I credit the acting and polish more than the nudity and blood. The story is pretty well developed, and unfolds well. The characters do tend to behave like real people with real motivations who suffer real consequences. Definitely worth watching if you can get your hands on it, I think I would have enjoyed it just as much though with more plot, and a little less decapitation.definitely tie up more loose ends than most series would, and for that I give them kudos, when you see it, you'll agree it's a pretty brave move from the creators.    So perhaps it isn't the best telling of a Greek tale ever, but it does rise far above most of the other TV series (granted they can do more with less regulations) in this genre. But I credit the acting and polish more than the nudity and blood. The story is pretty well developed, and unfolds well. The characters do tend to behave like real people with real motivations who suffer real consequences. Definitely worth watching if you can get your hands on it, I think I would have enjoyed it just as much though with more plot, and a little less decapitation.
1603420398|5.0|This is a great book.  I actually borrowed it from the library and decided I had to have it. So I found it for the best price on Amazon.  I ordered it on Friday and received it on Monday using only standard shipping! This is such a wonderful book for experienced and beginning crocheters.  The instructions are so easy to understand. I love all of the interesting shapes and patterns they have come up with.  The color combinations are awesome, too. Just a fun book to have.
1416955070|4.0|CITY OF BONES, by Cassandra Clare, starts The Mortal Instruments series with a serious bang. After reading Clockwork Angel, I already had an idea about the Shadowhunters, but this book gives more of an introduction which I needed to fill the gaps. Clare is correct in saying that The Mortal Instruments series and The Infernal Devices series are companion series versus sequels/prequels.    I love books that take place in Manhattan, probably because I am extremely bias and love it there! The action of the book started straight away and I instantly loved the characters that Clare created. We got a sense that there was something more to Clary and within the first couple chapters I was hooked. Clare wasted no time explaining about the Shadowhunters and their background with the many races of Downworlders.    I was instantly attracted to Jace because he was definitely sexy, but also there was an underlying innocence that I wanted to explore. Jace and Clary definitely had some steamy moments that I enjoyed. Simon was never a contender for Clary in my mind because I knew that her blood and history could never be normal after discovering what her mother was. Everyone had secrets in this book and I was intrigued to figure them out.    My biggest problem with the book was the discovery of the relationship between Jace and Clary. When I found out I wanted to literally throw the book away. To be honest, I was grossed out thinking about what they had done and them thinking it was okay! But with all of the phenomenal reviews of the series, I decided to give it another chance and start reading City of Ashes immediately after.    Another plus was the cover of the book. I love the intricate details of the runes and it helped form a better visual in my mind about what the Shadowhunters skin looked like.
1603425381|5.0|I love this book!  It is full of great ideas for borders and so much else.  The pictures are great, the colors are wonderful and the instructions are super easy to follow.  I am a some-what experienced crocheter and I found so many great ideas from this book.  It would also be perfect for beginners.  Lots of tips and tricks.  I also loved that I ordered on Friday and received it on Monday, without using any special shipping.  Way to go Amazon.
B0040ZA2D6|5.0|Everyone in my house LOVES Big Time Rush!! My boys were SO excited for the cd to come out and no one in our house is disapointed (including me). Its fun and great to sing along to. This is a cd that moms and kids will love alike!!
1848566190|4.0|The \\"art of drew struzan \\" is one of theose books you have to look at to see the style and the passion that this artist does for the movies. he captures the essence of the movie in his artwork and makes you wonder how he does it.the book shows his \\"comps\\" for the movies he worked on and some of the hassles he dealt with the movie studios. if you love movies or just enjoy a good look at art, this is a book you have to have .
B00080Z53O|1.0|If you revere life, it is hard not to find this movie infuriating.<br /><br />The story: A handsome, witty, intelligent young man has an accident and instead of drowning becomes paralysed from the neck down. He lives the next 28 years of his miserable life in bed being waited on by a loving family, listening to fabulous music, designing machines, writing sensational poetry, imagining flying, having love affairs, becoming a celebrity, wallowing in the worlds longest pity party.<br /><br />He is in no physical pain. He has no use of his lower body but he has more love than most people have in a lifetime,surrounding him everyday. For the most part he responds by fixating on his disability and acting like the romanticism of death were profound and prophetic illuminations, instead of the realizing they were merely selfish, arrogant, and stubborn choices that caused pain to anyone and everyone in his life.<br /><br />Right to the point. Why not just stop eating and starve to death? Why drag everyone else through an extremely traumatizing experience?<br />Why put so many people through 28 years of an emotional roller coaster, and manipulate and emotionally blackmail everyone into making decision that could be only yours? Instead of starving himself he made all of his family and friends give him cyanide, and then filmed his death. How unnecessarily traumatic.<br />For what reason would this man blackmail people into helping him die?  Especially insidious was his tactic of telling naive, infatuated girls a page right out of an emotional abuser handbook, \\"If you really loved me, you would do it.\\"<br /><br />The sea inside must refer to his real source of paralysis: his mind. Too many years of obsessing over and feeling sorry for himself, waiting for the day that he can get his \\"dignity\\" (vanity/pride) back by making others kill him. When he woke up screaming, and asking himself, \\"Why do I want to die?\\" There was a moment of relief, thinking he had snapped out of it. Finally he woke up and had a moment of clarity. Unfortunately, it only lasted a moment.<br /><br />We all have to suffer to live. Its one of the 4 noble truths. We make the most out of what life gives us, if we are intent on enjoying life. If all life gives you is a head, at least use it.<br /><br />The best part, besides him finally dying (in the most dramatic and traumatizing way possible, of course) was when the woman with whom he had suckered into having an affair received his post-mortum letter (even obnoxious beyond the grave)but thankfully she had completely forgotten about him.<br />Hopefully we will all do just well.
0060899220|5.0|So... there's probably not a whole lot I can add to the hundreds of other reviews, and \\"Kitchen Confidential\\" has already demonstrated it's ability to shake things up in the culinary world, so I'll just give my short two cents.  For one, and this is something often overlooked due to the rich subject matter of the book, Bourdain is a fantastic writer with a great voice.  Really, he has a knack for this.  If you've ever watched \\"No Reservations\\", you'll find yourself hearing the same style of monologue, with the same inflections and everything while reading the book.  Literally, once a few sentences into a given page, I'd transition from reading the book into listening to Bourdain's recitation in my head.  Better than an audio book, if you ask me.  Secondly, this book really has something for everyone.  It's not a strict timeline of Bourdain's life, nor is it strictly a series of revelations about the inner-workings of a kitchen.  He touches on restaurant ownership (which is quite funny if you've ever known anyone attempting to start their own restaurant), the wonder of food and travel (I think his trip to Japan was a driver to his current role on the Travel channel), the worthiness and necessity of hard work, etc.  If you have read it, read it.
B004132I4S|1.0|I run a community radio station and play a lot of Sufjan Steven's earlier music on the station.  His albums typically had some great songs, i.e. songs with great lyrics, strong melodies and good vocals and instrumentation.  Think Chicago or Casimir Pulaski Day on Illinois or Romulus on Michigan.  His albums also had some clunkers that you just kind of ignored as you focused on the good ones.  Unfortunately on this album there are no songs of the caliber of his previous good ones and it's mostly just electronic noise and repetition.  The closest thing to a good song might be the short version of \\"Too Much\\" but it still doesn't measure up to his best earlier work.    I had a feeling the album would get mostly good reviews because of the legion of Sufjan fans out there (and I include myself in that category) but I want to give a negative review to at least get some people to slow down and listen to the songs before buying and even more, to encourage Sufjan to write songs again as strong as his earlier albums.
B001EN71CW|5.0|I've been looking to upgrade from the standard def version for a while, and the time was right when Amazon offered it for 26.99. I'm happy to report that the blu-ray comes with all the special features that the standard def version had. In addition there are 2 new special features included on the blu-ray version. The first is a dinner discussion with Joss Whedon, Alan Tudyk, Nathan Fillion, and Ron Glass. They discuss some of their favorite Firefly moments and share some behind the scenes stories. They also provide a new commentary on the episode \\"Our Mrs Reynolds\\". My recommendation is to watch the dinner discussion first as the cast references it several times during the commentary. The blu-ray version also saves space over the standard def version as the entire series is condensed into 3 discs.<br />I hope this information has helped anyone who is trying to decide whether an upgrade is appropriate. Do yourself a favor and buy the blu-ray, then make someone's day and give them the standard version.
B000063TS9|5.0|This is as great CD to have among your favorites.  At times romantic, mysterious, sensual, happy, melancholic, funny!  I recommend this work to anybody who likes different music!  You play it once and you want to play it again...Thanks..A. Cortes
B0044XV3QY|5.0|When the first Avatar BluRay disk was released I, and several others, reviewed the disk saying \\"this is a cynical exploit - wait for the real release\\". Well here it is, exactly as expected with exactly the amount of extra material we predicted and exactly the pricing strategy we expected. Next up, of course is the extended 3D experience although mercifully this is less needed (for most of us). No doubt we will see several future releases including a \\"Director's Cut\\" but for now this is the definitive set. If you took our advice and held-off buying the initial release, well now is the time to snag yourself a copy.<br /><br />But what if you did buy the original disk? That's much harder. If you are a huge fan of Avatar and wish you could live on Pandora tomorrow, then the answer is yes. Much of the additional material does not work, but there are a number of scenes which needed to be in the film. Some of the dropped footage is complex and rich, but for various reasons didn't work so well in 3D. The 2D version is more effective but even so the material clashes with the flow and pace of the theatrical release. You do get an explanation about why the material they are mining is so valuable, and several obvious discontinuities in the film are resolved. But I can certainly see why most of the material was cut. Overall it adds a perspective that the enthusiast will appreciate but it less well formed, and less needed, than the additional material we saw on the extended version of \\"Lord of the Rings\\".<br /><br />So this is the fan's edition and worth buying.<br /><br />I'm looking forward to the next film in the series. My guess would be that in the second film Pandora will dream up a specialized creature that can be transported back to earth to revive a polluted and dying planet. Okay, I know, I'm a hopeless romantic. But it will need something pretty spectacular to cap a film of Avatar's magnitude and at the same time divert the viewer from asking questions such as \\"what do you do on Pandora when you are the dominant lifeform, you have an abundance of food, and zero technology?\\". Actually this sounds like quite a boring place to be! So let's hope that going forward we can continue to suspend credulity and simply enjoy the feel, the empathy, the beauty and sheer escapism that Avatar offered. JC is a visionary director and if I had a hero, he'd be the one.you are the dominant lifeform, you have an abundance of food, and zero technology?\\". Actually this sounds like quite a boring place to be! So let's hope that going forward we can continue to suspend credulity and simply enjoy the feel, the empathy, the beauty and sheer escapism that Avatar offered. JC is a visionary director and if I had a hero, he'd be the one.
0374158460|4.0|Rather than dive into a literary critique of Freedom I am suggesting that you pick it up and read it for yourself. Fully engaging and insightful, fun and for me, infuriating. Time and time again I was seeing my fears and frustrations with today's social climate play out on the page in front of me.   Read this book. It actually lives up to the hype surrounding it.
B003H6KRIE|5.0|I bought this product even though I have all three movies on DVD. The blu-ray version is so much better than dvd. This product is definitely worth it. Packaging looks great too.
B002N5N5M0|4.0|Arguably the best season of DEXTER yet - well-acted, very intense plotline as Dexter tries to keep his secret from being found out yet again. Some fabulous performances and some shocks as well. Gripping stuff if you can accept that a serial killer works for the police force! Once you get past that central premise, this show is great!
0975991477|1.0|The person writing this text either has no idea what he's talking about, or he's lying through his teeth. I imagine it's a mixture of the two.<br /><br />The process of cloning is entirely dependent on DNA generating the structure of biology. If DNA did not do this, cloning would not work. Today, clones are made quite frequently. Recently, a new human-made life form was announced at TED. The life form was made by injecting artificially coded DNA into an undeveloped bacterial cell. The new life form would not have grown, if DNA did not produce biological features. The life form, however, grew well, as expected. Modern day gene therapy is also based on DNA making our bodies. Many forms of SIDS has been cured due to gene therapy, and they form exquisite examples of how modern biology is on the right track.<br /><br />The writer of this book throws thirty years of established research, effective medicine, and engineering out the window in the book's description.<br /><br />The writer does not know what the word energy, means. Energy is the capacity to do work. A thought always has positive energy, regardless of what it's about. The writer doesn't even know the definitions of modern middle school physics.<br /><br />The writer quite often claims that some person did some experiment that did something, without telling us his source. A much better book, that actually details the biology of thought and belief ( [[ASIN:007149992X Adams and Victor's Principles of Neurology, Ninth Edition (Adams & Victor's Principles of Neurology)]] ) outlines a comprehensive list of each of their sources at the end of each chapter. This book has no backing, and the writer knows it. Nothing in this book is \\"cutting edge\\", or even well researched.<br /><br />Much of this book is based on religious superstition. Humans have always thought that their thoughts have effected their surroundings. That's how myths of telekinesis, and the like, started. This notion has been completely abandoned by science, because it doesn't help progress anything. Science has spent trillion of dollars and man hours developing machines that can communicate across the globe and can heal quicker then people three decades ago could even imagine. If we had that capability already in our brain, science would be all over it.<br /><br />This book doesn't go into any detail, leaving most assertions at \\"X causes Y, isn't that cool\\". At no point is X causing Y ever demonstrated. The book at no point explains how our thoughts, currently explained to be patterns of electrons in the brain, could ever cause anything described in the book to happen.<br /><br />This book, much like it's predecessors, prays on the pubic's ignorance of quantum physics. There is no such thing as quantum biology, and no applications in quantum mechanics have ever been used in biology. The closest thing so far has been in test of the de broglie wave of retro viruses. No quantum physics has ever been applied to any experiments involving humans. That would actually be illegal, considering the strict standards of lab tests for modern medicine. This doesn't just apply to drugs.<br /><br />As a note to anyone reading this; pick up a book on quantum physics. Your life will be enriched by it, immensely. How about [[ASIN:3540780459 Quantum Mechanics. An Introduction (Volume 0)]]? I'm particularly fond of it.<br /><br />This book appeals to emotion on a huge scale. Very often he uses the word \\"dogma\\" to describe science. He never explains how it's actually dogma. Scientific findings are very often disputed, and most hypothesis are outright rejected. Science is based on what we observe to be true. Why would anyone want to have a complex taxonomic tree to describe earth life? I definitely wouldn't, but it's there, so science needs it.<br /><br />This is also confusing, since he puts quantum physics (albeit his dishonest interpretation) on a pedestal, despite research in biology and quantum physics being published by the same people, being the NAS, the AAAS, and like organizations. He just claims that these evil scientists and scientific organizations are not allowing new findings to be made, but he never tells us who these scientists and organizations are. It reminds me of how a conspiracy theorist says that various things are caused by the government, despite not ever addressing what a government actually is.<br /><br />Additionally, he acts as if quantum physics is new. Quantum physics pretty much halted in development after the 50s, and it's successor, particle physics, hasn't had any major developments since the late 70s. The LHC is trying to change this, but progress is slow. He's acting as if quantum theory is this new science that we know little about. It's not.<br /><br />As a last note, Bruce lipton has his degree in developmental biology. He has never been involved in research, outside that of the development of muscle cells. His research ended in 1992, meaning he's not even a working biologist. He has never been involved with any neurological or genomic research, meaning that he has no qualifications to be talking about what he is in this book. He's using his PhD in an irrelevant field to try and act as if he's an authority. I don't like liars very much.<br /><br />Don't buy this book. The person who wrote it doesn't deserve your money. The kind of thinking promoted in this book is dangerous for any truth seeking society. This book does not promote science, it promotes superstition.e evil scientists and scientific organizations are not allowing new findings to be made, but he never tells us who these scientists and organizations are. It reminds me of how a conspiracy theorist says that various things are caused by the government, despite not ever addressing what a government actually is.    Additionally, he acts as if quantum physics is new. Quantum physics pretty much halted in development after the 50s, and it's successor, particle physics, hasn't had any major developments since the late 70s. The LHC is trying to change this, but progress is slow. He's acting as if quantum theory is this new science that we know little about. It's not.    As a last note, Bruce lipton has his degree in developmental biology. He has never been involved in research, outside that of the development of muscle cells. His research ended in 1992, meaning he's not even a working biologist. He has never been involved with any neurological or genomic research, meaning that he has no qualifications to be talking about what he is in this book. He's using his PhD in an irrelevant field to try and act as if he's an authority. I don't like liars very much.    Don't buy this book. The person who wrote it doesn't deserve your money. The kind of thinking promoted in this book is dangerous for any truth seeking society. This book does not promote science, it promotes superstition.
0307463745|5.0|this book is great.<br /><br />well written, clear, ironic, simply put.<br /><br />and it's based on a real experience - an history of success and innovation<br /><br />the guys of 37signals are great. and this books shows how their suggestions can be extremely helpful out of the sw dev world, too
1416987339|5.0|This was among the first baby books I purchased for our now 9-month old son. For the first several months he just stared at the book, but now he gets very excited when I bring it out. He literally grabs the flaps and plays peek-a-boo over and over. This has been a great addition to our library - I'm sure this will grow into one of his all-time favorites.
6305076995|5.0|I give this DVD ***** because I saw it when it was first shown as a movie in theatres in the mid 1970's.  I am very happy that someone choose to preserve this gem. I am a progressive/progressive metal aficionado from before YES & ELP. \\"In the Court of the Crimson King\\" is probably the first recognized progressive album/ group and it still is alive and well today. King Crimson lost Greg Lake to ELP and gained Bill Bruford from YES. Bill Bruford did play on some of songs on the Yessongs album, but Alan White replaced him during the Yessong tour(s)and played drums & percussion on the Yessong movie, which was from a performance recorded during the tour(s).    It is correct that the quality is not Blu-Ray or even HD-DVD. It appears to have been transferred straight from the 16mm(?) film to DVD with little or no re-engineering. It would interesting if somebody were to clean-up the picture and re-mix/produce the sound. But then you'd loose the ambiance of the era. It is very much influenced by the psychedelic. Perhaps it could be sold as \\"Collector's Set\\" of both the re-processed and the original, much like the CD set  of Deep Purple's 'Machine Head' which has both the original and the 25th anniversary remix by Roger Glover.    Yessongs is the best of Yes Mk 2 (more or less +Howe, Wakeman, -Bruford). It is a legendary performance of music made before it's time. The incredible Howe-styling on his many Les Pauls, And Wakeman on the Hammond C3 and the much ignored mellotron, Anderson's unique high vocals , and Squire's characteristic chunky Rickenbacker. Then the stage ambiance, enhanced by Wakeman' sequin cloak and Squire's winged cape; the incredible tension of the simplistic music, tight vocal harmonies and CO2 fog of 'Close to the Edge' is haunting. GET THIS DVD if you have any interest in progressive rock. This, in a large nutshell, is the essence of progressive.    A Question to anyone else who remembers the original theatre film: I seem to remember more footage, songs.In particular, Steve Howe playing his unique pedal steel guitar stylings. The DVD seems to be an edit of the original film?
B0013D6LEM|2.0|I always thought MJ was a tab bit on the OVERRATED side. This may be the most successful Album of all time for whatever reason be it hype or what have you but that by no means makes it the Best Album of all time. I have yet to touch a \\"perfect\\" album but this here is far from it. The best songs to me are Billie Jean, Thriller & Beat It in that order but the rest is pretty much rubbish, nothing worthy of the hype. You'd probably be surprised by some of the Albums id put above this one. lol, Im finding more & more that MJ was a very REPETITIVE artist. 5.5/10
B00005N6KG|4.0|These are the only earphones that are comfortable on me.  They are perfect for the gym when I'm on the elliptical.
B000Y7ZHCU|5.0|Didn't get a chance to experience the Vegas Show in person, so this is the next best thing.  Seller gave prompt service and very reasonable price for Media.
B002UJIY7A|4.0|When a film becomes so nonsensical you suddenly find yourself comfortably suspending disbelief and just going along for the ride, well, then movie magic is made.  A PERFECT GETAWAY fits this bill.  Two couples hiking through the Hawaiian wilderness (Hawaii has wilderness?) with a killer (or killers) on the lose begin to suspect and distrust their traveling compadres.  Especially newlyweds Cliff and Cydney (Steve Zahn and Milla Jovovich), who become more and more uncomfortable with companions Nick and Gina (Timothy Olyphant and Kiele Sanchez)--primarily because Nick and Gina are so darn quirky and creepy.  And when the action and violence commence. . .oh, what a nice plot twist that makes this flick so darned fun.<br /><br />I get a kick out of Steve Zahn, and here he doesn't disappoint.  Olyphant is tolerable as Special Ops vet Nick, while the ladies are just luscious--tropical conditions notwithstanding.  There are flashbacks to reveal how the killers took on their new identities--and it's so goofy and unbelievable you'll find yourself chortling--but once A PERFECT GETAWAY takes off you won't give a hoot.  The violence is so over-the-top clam baked the viewer recognizes instantly writer/director David Twohy is just having fun, and the entire cast sends healthy vibes that this is a film more for giggles than thrills and chills.  Mission accomplished.  A PEFECT GETAWAY might be nonsense supreme, but dang, is it fun.<br />--D. Mikels, Author, The Reckoning
0553382179|4.0|I haven't completed the book yet but I'm more than halfway through it and so far I like it. I'm not doing everything that it says but at least it has given me ideas. One of my really good friends swears by it.
0765326353|5.0|What a wonderful book!! Mr. Sanderson has created a brilliant fantasy, and unlike most other author, he has created not just another fantasy world, but literally another world. His characters and scenery were beautifully drawn, the development and pace just perfect, and I lost myself in it almost immediately. It looks like a huge book, and it is, but it flew by and I was sad to see the pages dwindling, hoping against hope that the book would last just a little longer. I just can't wait for the next installment. I can't believe that this is the same author that published Elantris as his first book just a few years ago. I liked Elantris, there was nothing wrong with it, but I was blown away by this book. I hope Mr. Sanderson remains as prolific an author as he currently is, because reading his prose is a true pleasure. As far as I'm concerned, this is the best fantasy book since the Name of the Wind, and although comparing apples and oranges in many ways, even better.
B00005KHJV|5.0|When i saw this movie on television, i was wondering why wasn't this on dvd to begin with because there were parts from the original that were missing, and this dvd clearly shows the important parts that were missing from the original dvd such as Dr. Lomis warning the other doctors that Micheal is dangerous, that to me is the most important part of the dvd and such others. I am glad i brought this dvd because when i found out that  this was out, i was searching for a long time including going from store to store and had no choice but to buy it online. I highly recommend people who are fans of this movie to buy the dvd because if you watch this version, it makes more sense than the original dvd
B002ZG99CC|5.0|I rented this movie for my three kids to watch. They absolutely loved it! They watched as many times as possible before I had to return it and now I'm getting ready to buy it because they loved it so much! REALLY GREAT MOVIE!
B003EYVY0E|1.0|Dont waste your money.How many people want to pay 40 or 50 for almost nothing new.Why would make the first 2 extended and not the next 2,so people would buy them thinking they were getting extended versions when they were not.They are a scam.
030745455X|3.0|In this second novel in Stieg Larsson's Millennium trilogy, The Girl Who Played with Fire is more of a continuation than a sequel to The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo. The main protagonists from the first book have no scenes together because Lisbeth spends much of the book avoiding Mikael, they communicate mainly by sending messages via hacking software and his attempts to send letters to her. Still, this pair work very well together; they have a connection that brings out the best in each other.<br /><br />This is a worthy crime thriller and quite an enjoyable read. I'm looking forward to starting the third book, The Girl Who Kicked the Hornet's Nest.
0316044695|5.0|One of the most enjoyable books I have read recently.  I heard Mr. Luttrell speak and the book is wonderful to read as his story is remarkable.  I am so glad we have men like Mr. Luttrell in our military.  He is a rare breed and it gives me goosebumps just thinking about his story!!!  Way to go Mr. Luttrell....I know you don't think so but you are a Modern Day Hero!!!
B0041OOJNU|5.0|THIS IS THE SHAKIRA I KNOW AND LOVE, AWESOME ALBUM, I WAS VERY DISSAPOINTED WITH HER LAST ALBUM ( SHE-WOLF). BUT I KNEW SHE WOULD GO BACK TO HER ROOTS AND MAKE THINGS BETTER, AND SHE SURE DID I JUST GOT DONE LISTENING TO THE ALBUM 3 TIMES ALREADY AND I JUST GOT IT TODAY, WOW, VERY NICE UPBEAT SONGS AND VERY NICE BALLADS, I LOVE EVERY SONG ON THIS ALBUM. THANK YOU SHAKIRA, I LOVE YOU MORE THAN EVER.
0439023513|5.0|My daughter read all three of the books in this series.  She liked this book alot but said the first one was the best!
142311339X|5.0|Rick Riordan's son told him that The Lost Hero, the first in the author's new Heroes of Olympus series, was his best book yet, even better than break-out sensation Percy Jackson and the Olympians. He was absolutely right. In May, I said The Red Pyramid, the first in new Egyptian series The Kane Chronicles was Riordan's best book yet. I loved the way he had come into his own as an author with a distinguished voice all his own. Unlike with PJ, you weren't comparing things to other popular series such as Harry Potter. This was a Rick Riordan book. It was HIM. I'll say the same thing about The Lost Hero. Riordan has really become a talented storyteller.<br /><br />One thing I love about Riordan is the way he uses mythology, a genre that's always been dear to my heart. One thing that made The Kane Chronicles so fantastic was the fact that I learned so much about Egyptian mythology. I already knew a lot of the Greek mythology emphasized in PJ and it wasn't as detailed. With The Lost Hero, even though Riordan is delving into Greek mythology once more, he's taking the time to focus on little-known details and facts. There's a lot more information on the Romans, for example, as well as little-known gods and goddesses such as Khione, the goddess of snow.<br /><br />The new book feels very tight and detailed. By the time the five-book series reaches its conclusion, there will be an epic tale for readers to return to. I like the way Riordan made the decision to split the book into the viewpoints of three different demigods, much as he did with The Kane Chronicles. It really allowed you to get into the head of everyone on the quest, not just one of the heroes. You could see the way they each struggled to come to terms with their new powers and immortal parents in their own way. I anticipate that every book will be this way as we are introduced to each of the seven demigods revealed in the Great Prophecy. I also feel that there's a good chance the next book will feature characters we haven't met yet and that the heroes we've encountered in this volume either won't appear at all, or not until the finale. If this proves to be the case, it will further solidify Riordan's merit as an extremely talented writer; breaking your characters up between volumes writers can make the writing process harder, as seen by struggles that have delayed authors such as George R. R. Martin from releasing material more frequently.<br /><br />As with his other books, Riordan creates a fast, nail-biting pace from the get-go in his new series and introduces new characters for his readers to fall in love with. There's Jason, whose name brings back memories of one of the greatest heroes of old, Piper, who takes everyone by surprise by having such powerful gifts, especially given her parentage, and finally Leo, a son of Hephaestus with a wicked cool toolbelt and a penchant for fire-breathing dragons. We're also given updates regarding the new of what has become of our favorite heroes and heroines from the first Camp Half-Blood series. The nice thing about The Lost Hero is that you don't have to read the PJ series in order to get into this one. The two series complement one another and work together, but for a first-time reader, things will still make sense.<br /><br />The series is designed to keep readers on their toes. If you're astute and know your mythology, you'll probably realize who the main villain is early on. Given enough clues, you'll probably realize the truth about Jason as well. There's also a good chance that you may figure out the truth revealed in the final chapter (and the reason Riordan wouldn't reveal the name of the next book at the live simulcast launch party on Tuesday). At the same time, you may be blown away with each new discovery. I tend to be one of those readers who reads too many books for her own good and learned how to read with a critical eye, which makes fooling me harder than most. At the same time, I still thoroughly enjoyed reading this book. Some of my theories were very wrong and proven to be from almost the beginning, others developed as the novel progressed and I had an \\"Ah-ha!\\" moment, pleased with myself when my suspicions proved true. I was so involved in the novel and fate of all the characters. I wish I had the next book in my greedy little hands already. Scratch that. I wish I had the next two, if we don't get to see these characters again until book three.<br /><br />If you liked Percy Jackson (or even disliked it due to its similarities to other novels, like some people I know) or enjoy mythology, this book is one of this fall's must-reads. My only hope for the rest of the series is that a closer eye is paid to the editing process. You could tell the book was rushed to press; I'm one of those annoying readers that can be pulled out of the moment when there's a word or comma where there shouldn't be (or something glaringly missing, too). These books are too good to let such neglect mar them and allow for criticism in the future.ere very wrong and proven to be from almost the beginning, others developed as the novel progressed and I had an \\"Ah-ha!\\" moment, pleased with myself when my suspicions proved true. I was so involved in the novel and fate of all the characters. I wish I had the next book in my greedy little hands already. Scratch that. I wish I had the next two, if we don't get to see these characters again until book three.    If you liked Percy Jackson (or even disliked it due to its similarities to other novels, like some people I know) or enjoy mythology, this book is one of this fall's must-reads. My only hope for the rest of the series is that a closer eye is paid to the editing process. You could tell the book was rushed to press; I'm one of those annoying readers that can be pulled out of the moment when there's a word or comma where there shouldn't be (or something glaringly missing, too). These books are too good to let such neglect mar them and allow for criticism in the future.
B000LC55F2|5.0|This film is in my collection as one of my favorites, along with \\"Brideshead Revisited \\" (1981 only), and others.<br /><br />This film is not primarily about magic or Tesla's physics but about filmaking and also, in general, how we go about understanding and dealing with the world. The idea behind Pledge/Turn/Prestige is fundamental to all art and technology. The Pledge/Turn/Prestige can be correlated to the Freudian idea of Ego/Unconscious/Superego or similarly to the Lacanian notion of Imaginary/Real/Symbolic.<br /><br />In this film, the role of \\"the Real\\" or \\"the Unconscious\\" is represented by Tesla's scientific invention, not quite completely working, of the Tesla transporter - the large Tesla coil emanating electrical discharges, which makes copies of top hats while leaving the original unaltered. This represents the hidden, unknowable, unconscious, and inhuman reality that is responsible for that which is seen and experienced.<br /><br />The Prestige - the climax of the trick in which the audience applauds the artistry of the performance, reflects the approval of the crowd, and the movement of the trick from the \\"real\\" to the \\"symbolic\\".<br /><br />The Pledge, the initial statement of the purpose and end of the trick, reflects the Freudian ego and the workings of the Lacanian \\"imaginary\\" - it operates on the individuals sense of doubt, expectation and imaginary assumptions which later finds release within the crowd during the \\"Prestige\\".<br /><br />The numerous repetition of pledge/turn/prestige within the various characters and circumstances within the film add to the luminous effect of the film. One of my all time favorites.
B0032JTV74|5.0|Recieved product in great condition and in timely manner. Our entire family loves this show...including our 1 yr old granddaughter. She loves to dance to the music videos!
B003IY48PS|4.0|This film has been reviewed so many times I won't address the campy humor and fresh take on the \\"horror movie\\" genre.  Evil Dead is and will remain a cult classic and now we have it on blu-ray in a \\"limited edition\\" which could mean that it is limited to as many as they can process.  Every few years they give us a new reason to buy the film.  I anticipate the \\"extended version\\" will be available in a few years.  It is the limited edition version I am reviewing here.    Blu-ray does clean up the picture some but the biggest improvement in my opinion is in the sound.  The better the sound the better the presentation  Older films like this one can be cleaned up digitally but I personally do not like enhancement and prefer the digital master to be made from a good analog source rather than attempt \\"improving it\\".      If you are a true collector and you own one of the other DVD releases, this one is great to have but I don't feel there is enough improvement to warrant buying it again.  The extras are fun, and I am not sure if they are available on any other release.  Does anyone know the answer to that?    Still, I love this film and it will be loud on 10/31 this year, hopefully lending a scare to the ambiance of the evening....
B002VPE1B6|5.0|Great movie, like none other, and in Blu-Ray it is stunning. My father who hates sitting to watch a movie asked to watch it again (although he did take a cat nap towards the end). Would recommend this movie to anyone who has just bought their first blu-ray player and really wants to test its capabilities.
B003X27L9U|5.0|You won't be sorry.  The first bit is hard to get through but once you are-WOW.
B000WGWQG8|3.0|A fine series - both educational and dramatic.  Among many other things that other reviewers have rightly applauded, the producers skillfully captured the subtle changes in dress and culture over the decades covered by this epic.      But, alas, here are my four biggest gripes:    First, most of the dialogue is whispered rather than spoken.  I had to turn the volume way up to hear it.    Second, the cameraman has the annoying habit of deliberately shaking the camera, especially in the earlier episodes.  He really wants you to know that the camera is hand-held.      Third, the portrayal of Abigail Adams is hokey throughout.  She is presented as an all-patient, all-knowing pillar of quiet strength and wisdom for her husband who, unlike her, comes across as a mere, whiney mortal.  Laura Linney, the actress who plays Abigail, keeps her brow frozen in an uncomfortable-looking expression of pain and forbearance that must have given her a headache.  It didn't take long for me to get tired of looking at her.     Fourth, the scene of the Adamses copulating shortly after Abigail's arrival in France is gratuitous, as is the needless non-erotic shot of their daughter's breast in the final episode.  These were added, I suppose, to bring the series into compliance with the Law on Mandatory Sex and Nudity in All Productions.
B002ZG99G8|1.0|I vary rarely write a review, but I HAD to write one for this film because it is SOOOO BAD. I wish I could rate it zero stars. The only reason I didn't turn the movie off was because of the eye candy that is Zoe Saldana. I'm so glad I only wasted $6 at the DVD store instead of $15 at the movies.     It's a disgrace that movies like this actually get made - it was complete rubbish. I mean, WTF was there a Ducati delivered (to a billionaire who could afford to buy the whole company) with those 4 bombs? And how can someone walk 5 minutes after being shot in both legs? It was just rubbish.    DON'T WASTE YOU TIME!!!!
B00127RAJY|4.0|Service - Bad   It took me almost a month to recieve the dvd.  Much longer than told.    The DVD is really good!  It is only 30 minutes long so it is easier to make myself stay with it.  It also has 3 levels so I think you can continue to do it for a long time & still be challanged.  I had done the dvd before with some friends & ordered one for myself because I liked it so much.  It is a full body workout.  Cardio & muscle tone.
B001U5V03U|5.0|Having cut my teeth on the Furtwangler film version and over the years enjoyed the Losey and a Glyndebourne video-ed production, with the viewing of this DVD I have to say I have now seen the show of a lifetime, due largely to the superb actor-singers enshrined in this production. That plus the incredibly alive and responsive conducting of the late-lamented Sir Charles MacKerras. I DID note that the balance between the orchestra's sound and singers was not perhaps ideal, but that may depend on personal equipment and certainly can't be blamed on the production in any way. DiDonato is as ever simply the incarnation of the character in both singing and acting, quite a feat with all that melodrama she has to make believable as Donna Elvira, but that is exactly what I believe she does in almost everything I have seen or heard do!! (Still waiting to see that put to the test in the wheelchair Rosina with Florez but her Una Voce in the 2007 Tucker Charity simply steals the show for my money so .....!!). Meanwhile a resounding Three cheers to all involved in this release (except perhaps the recording engineers!!).Craig, country Victoria, Australia
0240816250|4.0|(note: I contribute to an online forum which one of the authors is also a regular contributor)    I was anxious to read this book as I have heard nothing but praise for the first edition, which has sold in recent years for several hundred dollars.  I pre-ordered the book and have spent the last several weeks reading; note that this is a large book with more than 500 pages, it is not something you can burn through in a couple hours.    First off, this is not a book for amateurs who are looking to take learn the basics of aperture, shutter speed, ISO or who do not have a good basis in photography.  It is not an introduction to photography since it assumes the reader has more than a basic knowledge of photography; while it does cover some basic topics, they are covered much more in depth in other books (many of which are listed in the bibliography).  As well, it does not cover topics such as composition, depth-of-field, etc. and only pays some attention to artistic intent; rather the authors assume you already possess artistic intent but need help bringing your vision into fruition.    That said, this book is full of tips, advice and methods of extracting more from you camera and negatives.  While not exclusively a film book, digital photography is not the primary focus of the book and most references to digital assume you will be going back into the darkroom for the final print, whether through a digital negative, a film writer or a professional print.  Topics range from reading film curves to split-grade printing to archival methods, with the overarching theme of standardization and personal methodology; do your actions one way (the authors offer suggestions/preferences but do not insist on a single method) and stay that way forever as it is only when one trusts your camera/developing routine that your artistic vision can be realized.      I have two criticisms of the book: first, while the science aspect is an essential component of the book and the understanding ofones' actions, it can be very dense to the non-technical person for whom logarithms are not easily understood.  Second, access to a densitometer is necessary to truly take advantage of a number of issues being discussed (these are not as commonly available as one would wish).    In the end, I highly recommend this book and have no intention of ever selling mine as it easily replaces a number of other photography books which are now rather dated.  If you are interested in advancing your monochrome images, even if you just develop and scan or print in your own darkroom, this is a highly desirable volume that you should have.
1853996491|5.0|Reading the original German text of \\"Der Vorleser\\" was very enjoyable, and the English language discussion points, and help with tricky vocabulary, was very valuable, especially near the end when the book dipped more into long, convoluted German sentences about the philosophical questions related to the story.  I recommend it to anyone wanting to read this important work in German, but who might need a little help; also to anyone looking for a capable discussion of the book in English.
B0038M2AZA|5.0|I am so impresses/surprised, both with the quality and depth of the film but Claire Danes portrayal. We are given such wonderful peek into the understanding of autism, I was truly enlightened. I would (highly)recommend this for anyone who feels most of today's films are 'two hours I'll never get back'.
B003VS0CYC|1.0|The back cover of this box set says 1st disk is AVC 21Mbps but it turns out the MPEG2 version when I checked it with blu-ray ROM drive and some softwares, which means 1st one is old version. It should be a misprint or something. If you already have 1st movie or expect better transfer for 1st movie, don't waste your money and better wait until the right boxset comes out or individual title is available if you're interested in 2nd and 3rd one.  -- below updated Feb 28th, 2011  Now I found 2nd one and 3rd one is available. One of my friends got each one at Bestbuy last week when they were on sale for $9.99 each.
6300270696|4.0|I loved this movie and when I received it, it was in great condition. Thank you for being so promte in delivering it.
0439023491|5.0|the product is new and the mailing service was great. I like it and enjoy the way of purchasing without driving to stores and hassle looking for it.
B003TSEL7S|5.0|Rick Riordan rocks my world!  I love the mix of mythology, geography and humor that are the foundation of our three new half blood heroes' adventures. The Percy Jackson series and now- The Lost Hero- should not be missed! These books also make an awesome read aloud for 4th grade and up. My readers thrill to the adventures even as the books introduces them to the fantastic worlds and stories of ancient Greece and Rome.   Riordan, once again, manages to keep up the action and deliver a stand alone story that adds up to an engaging, engrossing and exciting series!
B003UYUR10|5.0|Great price for the combo pack.  Enjoyed the movie in the theater and am happy to own it.  Received it very quickly after purchase. Jake Gyllenhaal did an amazing job.  The best video game turned movie I have seen.
B002LFAHBO|5.0|Some clunkers, but generally all the characters are likable and good natured.  It really brings up your spirits around Christmas time.  Watch it with a ladyfriend.
B002OB9KPE|3.0|The reviews that call this a Neal Morse solo album are pretty right on.  The other players don't come out enough, especially Stolte.    I am a Christian and a Neal Morse fan in general, but the repetitive songwriting subject matter is really wearing thin.    As a Transatlantic album this is nowhere near as good as the first two, or of the live albums.    However: on the whole, very good playing, good songwriting, and I still do enjoy it.    Just please, Neal, write some songs about something else, for goodness sake!
B00000JSJC|5.0|This movie is very suspenseful with a really neat premise.  It's got problems, but who cares.
B002KSPKRS|1.0|I purchased a set of headphones for my son for Xmas (Nov 08).  After less than 2 years of use, the earphone supports broke on both sides of the headphones and require taping with duct tape to use.  Unfortunately this was not much of a solution and now the headphones sit collecting dust in the corner of his room.    When I inquired to Turtle Beach about getting them fixed, I was reminded the headphones were out of the one year warranty period.  It's sad to pay top $ for a set of headphones which last less than one year after the warrant elapses.  For the cost, I thought these headphones would make it at least two years before becoming junk.    Stay away from Turtle Beach.  The quality of their product is not acceptable for the $'s charged.      There are better alternative available.
B0036EH3WK|5.0|The most original and suspenseful show in the history of television.  I'm not going to go on-and-on, but if you watch it with the attention to detail that I did, you'll find yourself completely immersed and wanting more and more.  Every season is stand-alone genius, including the controversial Sixth Season and finale.
1416575464|3.0|The book's just great, well organized and full of ideas, tips & tricks  but as I'm a big fan of contemporary/modern styles, I wasn't totally satisfied with it  needed much more examples within these style, as most of the examples are bohemian, country, elegant or french
B003YK42LQ|5.0|I have not read a review of this CD that doesnt compare it to KOL earlier albums. Bands do grow and its foolish to think a band is going to put out albums that all sound the same. I love this album as well as every other KOL album, but I respect a bands need to be creative. The album is not as catchy and radio friendly as the last album, its much more dark and moody. The Kings of Leon deliver the goods on this release. It is unfair to review an album after one listen and its unfair to compare an album to a release from years earlier. I like it, I like it a lot. Caleb's vocals on previous KOL albums are amazing and this album is no exception. Give this one a few listens, there is no \\"sex on fire\\" on this album but it is great.
B001RTP3YQ|5.0|Wonderful, Wonderful, Wonderful!  I think his 2000 voice is better than his 1960 voice.
B00005JL96|5.0|This is my favorite movie of all time.  I have compiled a list of my top 25 and this sits at the top.  I am a grown man with kids so I watch a lot of kid's movies.  You know what, the Disney and Pixar movies are usually much better than the more adult-targeted entertainment.      Lilo & Stich has the following things going for it:  1. Humor - Almost every great movie must have this, with few exceptions.  2. Good Music - Elvis and native Hawaiian artists, plus orchestra music, wow!  I discoved Mark Keali (shortened version of his name) through this movie and own his other CD's which I enjoy very much.    3. Science Fiction - This is my favorite genre, so I love the whole alien experiment bit.  And the star cruiser's reaction to hyper drive were really interesting effects.  The dialogue and vocabularly were excellent.  4. Hawaii - I love anything and everything to do with Hawaii.  So this just sealed the deal for me.    The sound in this movie was great.  Stitch has a hard time with speech and says a bunch of Stitch-speak, like \\"Naga\\" for no and \\"Eh\\" for yes, plus all kinds of neat sounding words.  Jumba has a nice deep voice and Pleakely's voice is perfect.  You couldn't have picked better voices for all involved.    I love the series spinoff too.  The follow-on movies were definately not as good as the original, but they were direct-to-DVD and not as serious about getting a good plot, new music, etc.  I still enjoyed them and own all of them.    Stitch is a real character, and will live in my memory forever.  This movie has become a part of me and crawls through my mind in some way on a daily basis.
B003MZ0I84|4.0|these guys surprise me because none of there albums sound anything alike but thats one of the things i love about them they make me almost forget it wont be soon...but i did kind of fall in love with back at your door so its going to be difficult to do but if your a fan or if your looking for something new tto get into you cant go wrong here although it might end a little to quickly but what the hey press start and let the good times roll
B0002O7XW2|5.0|First off I love the movie, and the book, and this edition is great. For those of you who don't know the love triangle story involving the evil car, check this out. I actually liked this movie and how well it worked on film adapted from Stephen King's novel. Dennis watches his friend Arnie begin to change and become more and more obsessed with Christine, and those who have wronged Arnie or come between him and Christine begin to die. The special edition has deleted scenes which I think would have been great in the movie, including a scene that was in the book where Arnie comes to sign Dennis' cast in the hospital and sees that Leigh has signed aqnd begins to become jealous (which makes more sense during the end) and a scene where Dennis and Leigh compare Arnie's handwriting and see it changing (which further proves Arnie is becomming a different person) and a scene where Arnie pulls up behind Dennis and Leigh and catches them making out, adding a whole new jealous wedge between them. The special features really help expand the film and make this the best version out there. Check it out if you haven't already
B000UNYK3A|4.0|im not ususally one for the gore but the suspense of not knowing who how or what exactly was going to go down kept me interested the first time and to this day whether its the directors cut or the original i still get chills during the torture and find hope during the escape so if you want thrills guts and gore this is still the movie for you
B0040YFR1Y|1.0|This movie stinks. I enjoyed the first 2 Predator films but each and every single Predator has been a let down since - this one being the worst of the bunch. Don't bother with it, at all, on any level. If someone bought this movie for you then that person hates you to a high degree.     The picture quality on Blu-Ray is also mediocre.     In order to enjoy this film you need to have a level of fandom that involves you wearing Predator pj's to bed and have fantasies of mandibles sprouting from your face.    Pass on this, go to your local comic shop, and take a look at some of the older Dark Horse Predator comics and see how a story is actually done well.
B002N5N5QQ|5.0|I can't wait to see what will happen next. Great series, it's original. Love me some Jax!!!
0545265355|5.0|This series is hard to put down, and hard not to dream about. The Amazon.com price beat Costco and all individual book prices available (25.99). This would make a great Christmas or birthday gift for young adults, though it does have some violence. It is also good for adult readers.
0553805371|3.0|Too technical. His point of view denying the existence of a supreme being is a matter of semantics. Although I accept that GOD is not a person or beign, the sole acceptance of a Grand Design, recognizes an intelligence that is the escence of everything including human beings. It has no limits of time nor dimensions.
0679735909|5.0|One sort of novel is the straightforward narrative that deviates hardly at all from a single course, that charges ahead from beginning to end. Another sort, though, is more like a faceted mirror-ball hanging above a dance floor, reflecting the light of its characters and language and plot in all directions, and constantly moving, constantly metamorphosing before the reader's eyes. This volume -- which won every award on offer and has become an undisputed modern classic -- is very much the latter sort of book. It's a \\"romance\\" in the Arthurian sense. Also, tardis-like, it seems much larger once you're inside it than it appeared from the outside. It all starts with Dr. Roland Michell, a mostly impoverished literary scholar and apprentice expert on Randolph Henry Ash, the great fictitious Victorian poet, who stumbles across the drafts of some letters written a century and a half ago and tucked inside a book now in the possession of the London Library. The letters suggest a relationship between Ash and some unknown woman and, Roland understands instantly, would be of intense interest to Ash scholars everywhere. So, quite unable to help himself, he spirits them away, back to the basement flat, redolent of the landlady's cats, that he shares with the long-suffering Val. Roland is led into contact with Dr. Maud Bailey of Lincoln, specialist in women's studies, in whose possession are many of the original writings of her collateral ancestress, Cristabel LaMotte, a contemporary of Ash's -- and perhaps a good deal more. After a bit of Freudian negotiation, they go to visit Sir George Bailey, an estranged relation of Maud's and current resident of the house where Cristabel died, and there they make a second exciting literary discovery. And at that point the plot begins shifting into higher semiotic gear. What exactly was the relationship between Ash and LaMotte? What happened during the period in 1859 which coincides with a long-noticed gap in Ash's biography, and which goes unmentioned in Mrs. Ellen Ash's journal? What were the true circumstances of and motives for the suicide of Blanche Glover, who had shared Cristabel's home? There are a number of mysteries here, but the story isn't as bald as all that. Nor is the narrative ever dry. Byatt shares the Victorian habit of piling layers upon layers, providing the reader with multi-page selections of poetry and tales by both Ash and LaMotte, each in its own distinctive voice. She gives us a Breton cousin's writing journal which quotes LaMotte, who tells stories, which themselves retell local myth, which someone else ruminates on, and deeper and deeper we go. And, yes, this compulsively readable book requires that you pay attention, but that isn't a burden because you will become as anxious to know the details of the lives of Ash and LaMotte as Roland and Maud -- who, of course, become equally possessed of each other as they pursue their investigations, in London and Lincoln and Yorkshire and Brittany. And that's not even to mention Dr. Mortimer Cropper of New Mexico, possessed of a large checkbook and convinced that every item R.H. Ash every touched should be acquired by the academic archive he administers. Or Dr. Beatrice Nest, who has spent the many decades of her professional life attempting to edit Ellen Ash's papers and journals, and who may even finish them one day. Or Prof. Blackadder, Roland's employer and the leading explicator of Ash's work, who has his own hidden facets (hidden even from himself). Or the larger than life Dr. Leonora Stern of Tallahassee, semi-lesbian feminist and rival of Cropper's, and a much nicer and more supportive person than one might at first think. Byatt weaves time-traveling nets of metaphor-filled language as she gleefully parodies the world of post-modern literary deconstruction (of which she herself is a noted practitioner) and builds the professional and personal parallels between Ash/LaMotte and Roland/Maud. And perhaps even Blackadder/Stern. And minor comments early in the story will become major clues later on. But then, \\"literary critics are natural detectives.\\" And the title of the book will be constantly in your mind as you read.<br /><br /> There are books I read and enjoy but never find it necessary to open again, and there books (a very few, relatively) which I come back to every five or ten years to rediscover what the author has to say and to enjoy the sheer beauty of the way she says it. The author's literary own scholarship is as impressive as the shifts in her style. This is my third journey through _Possession_ and it undoubtedly will not be my last.inor comments early in the story will become major clues later on. But then, \\"literary critics are natural detectives.\\" And the title of the book will be constantly in your mind as you read.<br /><br /> There are books I read and enjoy but never find it necessary to open again, and there books (a very few, relatively) which I come back to every five or ten years to rediscover what the author has to say and to enjoy the sheer beauty of the way she says it. The author's literary own scholarship is as impressive as the shifts in her style. This is my third journey through _Possession_ and it undoubtedly will not be my last.
B001GAOY5U|5.0|This movie is a good movie.I would recommend buying it.its a good movie for the whole family
159102594X|2.0|I am having a difficult time even finishing this book. It moves slower than molasses in January. I'm not necessarily a fan of hack and slash fantasy, but some action would be nice. I do like the character of Logan Ninefingers. However, this book doesn't provide the audience with much to look forward to, other than the end.
B003VANOFY|5.0|I am just want to say I am so jealous of my wife, because she is the one I bought these headset for.  I purchased the Tritton AX Pro Dolby Digital Precision Gaming Headset for myself because I wanted something that work on both computer and my playstation, but I most say that the Logitech headset blow the Tritton away.  Besides the Logitech headset having great sound it is also wireless and they are cheaper then the Tritton AX Pro.
B000I5XOVY|5.0|First you should know I am a big fan of this movie. The Blue Ray with my HD TV and Sound system are just gravy for this great movie.
0399536108|5.0|Okay, first things first.  The concept of travel and life hacking isn't new.  In fact, while it's yet to truly take the Western world by storm, it's safe to say that authors such as Tim Ferris have already had a pretty good stab at making cubicle dwellers and middle management executives splutter into their cheap coffee and proclaim such writers to be the spawn of the devil or some such like.    But here's the thing.  Up until now the vast majority of these titles have been selling a lifestyle that offers significant appeal but all too often proves elusive and out of reach.  Chris changes this.  By writing a book that blends the autobiographical, with hands on no-nonsense practical advice, the author tells a temptingly inviting tale and sells the story and a true sense of adventure - warts and all.    And it's Chris' enthusiasm for the subject matter that really makes the difference.  Speaking passionately and in straightforward easy to read terms, I defy anyone to read this book and return to the daily grind without doing a double take.    In fact, to my mind the real challenge here is not about reading it and applying some of his lessons to your own life - it's about reading it, questioning it and challenging every concept, idea and piece of thinking - after all, it's not about conformity, is it....?
B0000683DH|5.0|This is the film that \\"Insurrection\\" and \\"Nemesis\\" tried to conceive a character to try to out perform Ricardo Montalban's performance in this movie with actors F. Murray Abraham as Ru'afo and Tom Hardy as Shinzon.  It didn't work.  Rest in Peace Ricardo.  Nobody will beat your performance.
B0032JTV74|5.0|I am very happy with this set. The ability to only play the musical numbers is excellent. I loved the doc on the boh. rap (please bring back Jonathan!!!). The video quality is not stellar as far as blu-rays are concerned, but the sound is top-notch. A must buy!
B0019FOC5E|3.0|the disc was fine but the case was cracked.  i wish it had been shipped in a more protected package
B0015AARJI|5.0|This game is great.  One would enjoy it even more if you are a fan of the metal gear franchise and have played the previous mgs games.
B001KNVJEC|3.0|If you're waiting for A&M Records to release anything remastered by Styx, forget it. The Japanese SHM Styx CD's are analog, but sound as good as the gold remaster.
B00000DOZB|5.0|This is a great CD (album). Was not disappointed, as this is perhaps one of their best CDs as far as the upswing/tempo side of \\"Yes\\" goes. Any lover of \\"Yes\\" is likely familiar with this item, although newcomers or late-bloomers to the \\"Yes\\" genre may not be aware of this CD due to low publicization/circulation. I'd say a must buy for your collection.
B001S2PT3M|5.0|I have seen all episodes within two days, but only from the seasons 1+2. Because in austria we haven´t any more seasons. Are on the BluRays the German soundtrack, so I will buy the 3+4 too.     please give me an answer.
B00418NXBK|3.0|My take on Kings of Leon up to this album was, they had 4 albums all very good.  The first 2 raw rock albums, very great albums.  The third album was going in a different direction, a little more commercial a little more musically thought out, very great album.  The 4th album was a clear departure from the raw rock and trying to hit the radio.  Normally when a band does this I hate the album, even selling out they still put out very cool tunes. Which is what it is all about.    I shouldn't review the new album after only one listen but, I was bored until \\"back down south\\" which is different for them but, a cool tune. \\"Mi Amigo\\" started out kind of going back to their sound on the third album but, by the end I was bored again.  This album is not catchy nothing pulled me in. Will I like it more after a few more listens, probably but, it is definitely Kings of Leon going in the wrong direction.
B003ZW0N2K|5.0|Excellent return to form for the British synthpop pioneers.  Do not miss this album.  Fan or not, you cannot deny the album is fantastic!
B00000JLWW|3.0|I caught the beginning of this on cablevision last week. It's a story about the passengers and crew aboard the Lusitania that was sunk to kick off World War I or the Great War as it was dubbed at that time. They nicknamed the ship the \\"Titanic\\" because it was supposed to be unsinkable but fell victim to a German U boat. I plan to watch the rest of it asap but I thought the beginning was pretty decent. From what I was told there was topless activity by the redhead but it was unfortunately omitted on cable.
B003YNFYD8|5.0|Commonly known as the \\"Blue Album\\", the 2LP vinyl set \\"1967 - 1970\\" became an instant classic when it was first released in April 1973 (as did its \\"Red\\" counterpart \\"1962-1966\\"). When they were finally reissued onto the new CD format in 1993 however, they caused consternation because of their extortionate full price.<br /><br />So is this newly remastered 2010 mid-priced 2CD reissue on EMI/Apple 5099990674723 any better - the answer is an emphatic 'yes'.<br /><br />PACKAGING:<br />The first thing you notice is that the clunky double jewel-case of the 1993 reissue has been dumped for a three-way foldout card sleeve. The centre and right flaps picture the photograph on the inner gatefold of the original vinyl double album (St. Pancras Old Church in London, 27 July 1969, The Beatles with the public looking through the railings - it's the same photo on the \\"Red\\" album). It also houses the two CDs - CD1 has the full Apple label (14 tracks, 51:15 minutes) and the 2nd CD has the half Apple logo (14 tracks, 48:43 minutes). The vinyl set is yet to come, the Digital Download versions are available from 25 Oct 2010 and there's also an issue that lumps both the Blue & Red reissues together as one package in late November.<br /><br />The left flap houses a new 32-page booklet. The lyrics are intact from the inner sleeves of the original album issue, there's new liner notes by BILL FLANAGAN the MTV Executive and author of \\"Evening's Empire\\" (a book on Rock in the Sixties) and there's plenty of superb colour photos from the period - it's impressively done. Downsides - some complained that the 09/09/09 card digipak sleeves for The Beatles reissues were easy to smudge once out of the shrinkwrap and worse - the inner flaps easy to tear as you removed the disc. I'm afraid these are the same. I suppose I would have been naïve of us to think that EMI would actually listen to the complaints of 2009 about packaging, but they haven't - the need for these issues to look the same as the preceding ones has overridden all considerations... Having said that, I still think they look great - substantial even...<br /><br />PLAYING TIMES:<br />Unlike the \\"Red\\" issue which could easily have fitted onto 1CD (and even included bonus tracks), as you can see from the playing times provided above, it would not have been possible with this set. Anyway - EMI would of course argue that a single CD issue of this most `iconic' of double albums would fundamentally alter the aesthetic of the original release. At least this time, this 2CD reissue is at mid price, so we're not being charged for the privilege of separation.<br /><br />TRACK CHOICES:<br />The compilation itself is basically the A-sides of all their UK 7\\" singles releases between 1967 and 1970 in chronological release date order with a few key album tracks thrown in for good measure. Eagle-eye fans would therefore note that up to and including \\"Get Back\\" - ALL Beatles UK 7\\" singles for that period were issued only in MONO (\\"The Ballad Of John & Yoko\\" was their 1st STEREO single in the UK). So the tracks on the album should reflect that - the MONO single mixes. But EMI did nothing of the sort. They're all in STEREO (there's 4 MONO on the \\"Red\\" set) and i would argue that accuracy's loss is the listener's gain, because the STEREO versions used here are awesome.<br /><br />SOUND:<br />Although the compilation is copyrighted to 2010 (released Monday 18 Oct 2010 in the UK and 19 Oct 2010 in the USA), the liner notes don't try to hide that these are the 2009 remasters by the same team who did the much-praised Beatles catalogue of 09/09/09. The sound quality is fantastic - breathtaking clarity on instruments - the piano and guitars on \\"Lady Madonna\\", the jet screeching in at the opening of \\"Back In The U.S.S.R\\", the brass on \\"All You Need Is Love\\", Billy Preston's superb keyboard work on \\"Let It Be\\", the wonderfully loose live feel of \\"Don't Let Me Down\\" (best B-side ever?) - and so on.<br /><br />CONTENT:<br />Butwhat impresses most is the actual listen itself. Even now, it's truly shocking to hear just how accomplished The Beatles became during this ludicrously productive period. And diversity of writers crept in too. There's the 4 Harrison gems \\"While My Guitar Gently Weeps\\", \\"Old Brown Shoe\\" and the magical double of \\"Something\\" and \\"Here Comes The Sun\\", while Ringo gets the witty \\"Octopus's Garden\\". Leaving the rest as Lennon-McCartney originals. And what an embarrassment of riches they are...<br /><br />7\\" perfection comes twice - \\"Strawberry Fields Forever\\" b/w \\"Penny Lane\\" and arguably the greatest single ever released - \\"Hey Jude\\" b/w \\"Revolution\\" (melodious Paul on the A with rockin' blistering John on the B). Most bands would kill a close relative to get anywhere near this level of genius. And by the time you get to the ballads at the end of Disc 2 - \\"The Long And Winding Road\\" and \\"Across The Universe\\" - adjectives begin to fail you... Were The Beatles really 'this' good - the answer is yes - and always will be.<br /><br />To sum up - the sound on these new reissues is fabulous; the packaging better than the 1993 versions and each is being sold at mid-price - available in most places for less than the price of a single new album. You can't help but think that millions of people globally will take one look at these beauties on a shelf somewhere and slap them straight into their shopping baskets. And rightly so...<br /><br />I've loved re-hearing these classic Beatles songs in this beautiful sound quality - I really have - and despite some minor packaging quibbles - the 2010 version of the \\"Blue\\" album is wholeheartedly recommended.shocking to hear just how accomplished The Beatles became during this ludicrously productive period. And diversity of writers crept in too. There's the 4 Harrison gems \\"While My Guitar Gently Weeps\\", \\"Old Brown Shoe\\" and the magical double of \\"Something\\" and \\"Here Comes The Sun\\", while Ringo gets the witty \\"Octopus's Garden\\". Leaving the rest as Lennon-McCartney originals. And what an embarrassment of riches they are...    7\\" perfection comes twice - \\"Strawberry Fields Forever\\" b/w \\"Penny Lane\\" and arguably the greatest single ever released - \\"Hey Jude\\" b/w \\"Revolution\\" (melodious Paul on the A with rockin' blistering John on the B). Most bands would kill a close relative to get anywhere near this level of genius. And by the time you get to the ballads at the end of Disc 2 - \\"The Long And Winding Road\\" and \\"Across The Universe\\" - adjectives begin to fail you... Were The Beatles really 'this' good - the answer is yes - and always will be.     To sum up - the sound on these new reissues is fabulous; the packaging better than the 1993 versions and each is being sold at mid-price - available in most places for less than the price of a single new album. You can't help but think that millions of people globally will take one look at these beauties on a shelf somewhere and slap them straight into their shopping baskets. And rightly so...    I've loved re-hearing these classic Beatles songs in this beautiful sound quality - I really have - and despite some minor packaging quibbles - the 2010 version of the \\"Blue\\" album is wholeheartedly recommended.
B001C09KD0|5.0|I started this book with the warning that the author comes off as very selfish. Considering that this is a memoir, I don't really see what the big deal is. The best way for me to review this book is in three parts, since the book is divided that way. The epiphany that Gilbert has about herself at the beginning of the book I felt I could relate to in some ways - I know what it feels like to spend years gearing yourself up to do something at a certain age, only to arrive and realize that you don't want to do it - and be shocked by this realization. The specifics of her realization were quite different from mine, as I have always wanted children and I could not imagine never having any, but what bugged me was that her husband could not grasp this epiphany of hers. Luckily, the book was more about her than about her mysterious ex-husband.<br />As for her trip to Italy, I loved every page of it. I felt like I was living it through her words and experiences, wishing I was there with her to taste the food and learn the language. Italy has always been a dream of mine, though I intend to visit the sites, too, not just experience the food and language. I found the scene in which she is fasinated by the Italian man cursing at the soccer game to be a great example of her love for Italy and something I would probably do myself. I was only disappointed that this section was not longer and she did not go into greater detail about everything that she ate. I will certainly have to remember to try the pizza in Naples.<br />I found her trip to India the most difficult to get through, especially when I reached the point in which she decides to not do any traveling around India - a major disappointment for me. Richard from Texas was the highlight of this section for me, since he seemed to be the most down-to-earth of all the interesting people she meets here, and offers her the soundest advice. The focus of this section was on spirituality, but as it is heavily influenced by Eastern religions, I found myself disagreeing with many of her personal beliefs, even though I admired her dedication and determination. Her views of \\"kundalini shakti\\" are a perfect example - Christianity teaches that this is a demonic / occult practice, but Gilbert believes that it is the same thing as the Holy Spirit. This section alone is proof enough for me as to why I stay away from philosophical books.<br />Her final trip to Bali, Indonesia was educational in many ways, as I knew nothing about the culture and history there. Her medicine man, Ketut Liyer, was quite an interesting character, and I really felt for the young man she befriended, Yudhi, who was forced unfairly to leave the United States thanks to the Homeland Security Act. I find it interesting that she failed in completing her year of celibacy, but I'm sure those Brazilian men can be quite tempting when they want to be. Those who say that Gilbert appears very selfish in this book seem to ignore that she helped a divorced woman - an unheard-of thing in Bali - with three children, obtained a piece of land for her own home and business before Gilbert had to leave the country.<br />Overall, this year in the life of Elizabeth Gilbert was certainly a memorable one, and one that many, many other women would happily take her place in. I don't find her any more selfish than anyone else who is trying to find a way out of grief and depression, as well as break destructive cycles in his or her life. She was just blessed enough to be payed for the effort to document the experience.I found myself disagreeing with many of her personal beliefs, even though I admired her dedication and determination. Her views of \\"kundalini shakti\\" are a perfect example - Christianity teaches that this is a demonic / occult practice, but Gilbert believes that it is the same thing as the Holy Spirit. This section alone is proof enough for me as to why I stay away from philosophical books.   Her final trip to Bali, Indonesia was educational in many ways, as I knew nothing about the culture and history there. Her medicine man, Ketut Liyer, was quite an interesting character, and I really felt for the young man she befriended, Yudhi, who was forced unfairly to leave the United States thanks to the Homeland Security Act. I find it interesting that she failed in completing her year of celibacy, but I'm sure those Brazilian men can be quite tempting when they want to be. Those who say that Gilbert appears very selfish in this book seem to ignore that she helped a divorced woman - an unheard-of thing in Bali - with three children, obtained a piece of land for her own home and business before Gilbert had to leave the country.   Overall, this year in the life of Elizabeth Gilbert was certainly a memorable one, and one that many, many other women would happily take her place in. I don't find her any more selfish than anyone else who is trying to find a way out of grief and depression, as well as break destructive cycles in his or her life. She was just blessed enough to be payed for the effort to document the experience.
B003YNFYCO|5.0|Commonly known as the &#34;Red Album&#34;, the 2LP vinyl set &#34;1962 - 1966&#34; became an instant classic when it was first released in April 1973 (as did its &#34;Blue&#34; counterpart &#34;1967-1970&#34;). When they were finally reissued onto the new CD format in 1993 however, they caused consternation because of their extortionate full price.<br /><br />So is this newly remastered 2010 'mid-priced' 2CD reissue of &#34;1962-1966&#34; by THE BEATLES on EMI/Apple 5099990675225 any better - the answer is an emphatic 'yes' - even if it could have all been put onto 1CD.<br /><br />Disc 1 of &#34;1962-1966&#34; (31:02 minutes):<br />1. Please Please Me<br />2. She Loves You<br />3. All My Loving<br />4. Love Me Do<br />5. From Me To You<br />6. I Want To Hold Your Hand<br />7. Can’t Buy Me Love<br />8. A Hard Day’s Night [Side 2]<br />9. Eight Days A Week<br />10. Ticket To Ride<br />11. And I Love Her<br />12. I Feel Fine<br />13. Yesterday<br /><br />Disc 2 of &#34;1962-1966&#34; (31:45 minutes):<br />1. You’ve Got To Hide Your Love Away [Side 3]<br />2. Day Tripper<br />3. Norwegian Wood (This Bird Has Flown)<br />4. Help!<br />5. We Can Work It Out<br />6. Drive My Car<br />7. Nowhere Man [Side 4]<br />8. In My Life<br />9. Paperback Writer<br />10. Yellow Submarine<br />11. Michelle<br />12. Girl<br />13. Eleanor Rigby<br /><br />PACKAGING:<br />The first thing you notice is that the clunky double jewel-case of the 1993 reissue has been dumped for a three-way foldout card sleeve. The centre and right flaps picture the photograph on the inner gatefold of the original vinyl double album (St. Pancras Old Church in London, 27 July 1969, The Beatles with the public looking through the railings). It also houses the two CDs - CD1 has the full Apple label (13 tracks, 31:02 minutes) and the 2nd CD has the half Apple logo (13 tracks, 31:45 minutes). The vinyl set is yet to come, the Digital Download versions are available from 25 Oct 2010 and there's also an issue that lumps both the Red & Blue reissues together as one package in late November.<br /><br />The left flap houses a new 32-page booklet. The lyrics are intact from the inner sleeves of the original album issue, there's new liner notes by BILL FLANAGAN the MTV Executive and author of &#34;Evening's Empire&#34; (a book on Rock in the Sixties) and there's plenty of superb colour photos from the period - it's impressively done. Downsides - some complained that the 09/09/09 card digipak sleeves for The Beatles reissues were easy to smudge once out of the shrinkwrap and worse - the inner flaps easy to tear as you removed the disc. I'm afraid these are the same. I suppose I would have been naïve of us to think that EMI would actually listen to the complaints of 2009 about packaging, but they haven't - the need for these issues to look the same as the preceding ones has overridden all considerations... Having said that, I still think they look great - substantial even...<br /><br />PLAYING TIMES:<br />It doesn't take a particular genius to work out from the playing times provided above that this set could easily have fitted onto 1CD (and even included bonus tracks). But EMI would of course argue that this would fundamentally alter the aesthetic of the original release. At least this time, the reissue is at mid price, so we're not being charged for the privilege. I think the new price pitch makes the 'one' disc argument a mute point. Besides, I like the break, taking out the first disc and putting in the second - it's how the original 2LP issue was. And better, it doesn't actually diminish the listen, if anything it enhances it.<br /><br />TRACK CHOICES:<br />The compilation itself is basically the A-sides of all their UK 7&#34; singles releases between 1962 and 1966 in chronological release date order with a few key album tracks thrown in for good measure. Eagle-eye fans would therefore note that as ALL Beatles UK 7&#34; singles for that period were issued only in MONO, sothe tracks on the album should reflect that - the MONO single mixes. But EMI did nothing of the sort. In fact the original 1973 albums stated only STEREO on the labels and only the STEREO code was reflected in their catalogue numbers too. At least this time this new 2010 issue notes that Tracks 1 to 4 on Disc 1 are in MONO, while all other are in STEREO (&#34;Love Me Do&#34; is the album mix and not the single version). Bottom line - I would argue that accuracy's loss is the listener's gain, because the STEREO versions used here are awesome.<br /><br />SOUND:<br />Although the compilation is copyrighted to 2010 (released Monday 18 Oct 2010 in the UK and 19 Oct 2010 in the USA), the liner notes don't try to hide that these are the 2009 remasters by the same team who did the much-praised Beatles catalogue of 09/09/09. The sound quality is fantastic - breathtaking clarity on instruments - George Harrison's sitar on &#34;Norwegian Wood&#34; - the string quartet on &#34;Eleanor Rigby&#34; and so on.<br /><br />CONTENT:<br />But what impresses most is the actual listen itself. Even now, it's truly shocking to hear just how accomplished The Beatles were. Re-listening to each disc in straight order is a gobsmacking experience - and by the time you get to the real song-writing genius of &#34;Ticket To Ride&#34; and especially &#34;Yesterday&#34; (the song that single-handled shut all the begrudgers up) - you're left with a renewed sense of awe. &#34;We Can Work It Out&#34; and &#34;Day Tripper&#34; were a single for God's sake - not on any English album at the time of release! &#34;Paperback Writer&#34;, &#34;Ticket To Ride&#34;, &#34;Michelle&#34; - track after track of brilliance... Were they really 'this' good - and so early on - the answer is yes - and always will be.<br /><br />To sum up - the sound on these new reissues is fabulous; the packaging better than the 1993 versions and each is being sold at mid-price - available in most places for less than the price of a single new album. You can't help but think that millions of people globally will take one look at these beauties on a shelf somewhere and slap them straight into their shopping baskets. And rightly so...<br /><br />I've loved re-hearing these classic Beatles songs in this beautiful sound quality - I really have - and despite some minor packaging quibbles - the 2010 version of the &#34;Red&#34; album is wholeheartedly recommended.cks on the album should reflect that - the MONO single mixes. But EMI did nothing of the sort. In fact the original 1973 albums stated only STEREO on the labels and only the STEREO code was reflected in their catalogue numbers too. At least this time this new 2010 issue notes that Tracks 1 to 4 on Disc 1 are in MONO, while all other are in STEREO (&#34;Love Me Do&#34; is the album mix and not the single version). Bottom line - I would argue that accuracy's loss is the listener's gain, because the STEREO versions used here are awesome.<br /><br />SOUND:<br />Although the compilation is copyrighted to 2010 (released Monday 18 Oct 2010 in the UK and 19 Oct 2010 in the USA), the liner notes don't try to hide that these are the 2009 remasters by the same team who did the much-praised Beatles catalogue of 09/09/09. The sound quality is fantastic - breathtaking clarity on instruments - George Harrison's sitar on &#34;Norwegian Wood&#34; - the string quartet on &#34;Eleanor Rigby&#34; and so on.<br /><br />CONTENT:<br />But what impresses most is the actual listen itself. Even now, it's truly shocking to hear just how accomplished The Beatles were. Re-listening to each disc in straight order is a gobsmacking experience - and by the time you get to the real song-writing genius of &#34;Ticket To Ride&#34; and especially &#34;Yesterday&#34; (the song that single-handled shut all the begrudgers up) - you're left with a renewed sense of awe. &#34;We Can Work It Out&#34; and &#34;Day Tripper&#34; were a single for God's sake - not on any English album at the time of release! &#34;Paperback Writer&#34;, &#34;Ticket To Ride&#34;, &#34;Michelle&#34; - track after track of brilliance... Were they really 'this' good - and so early on - the answer is yes - and always will be.<br /><br />To sum up - the sound on these new reissues is fabulous; the packaging better than the 1993 versions and each is being sold at mid-price - available in most places for less than the price of a single new album. You can't help but think that millions of people globally will take one look at these beauties on a shelf somewhere and slap them straight into their shopping baskets. And rightly so...<br /><br />I've loved re-hearing these classic Beatles songs in this beautiful sound quality - I really have - and despite some minor packaging quibbles - the 2010 version of the &#34;Red&#34; album is wholeheartedly recommended.
B001AQT0ZO|5.0|This is one of those blu rays that is only worth buying if the picture quality is 'TRUE\\" blu ray quality. This is one of them. The audio sounds much improved, the picture is rich and clear, the details of the movie are noticed more with such clear picture quality. Good job fox, this was a great improvement on blu ray, happy with this purchase, great film and great blu ray quality.
B000RF7XZI|2.0|When I ordered the HD video, I was not aware that my DVD player would not play that verson. I called Amazon who promptly paid for the return of the video and refunded my purchase price. I then ordered the \\"normal\\" version. (It would have been nice if they could have just exchanged the videos without my having to go back and place another order for a new version.  Beware of this DVD if you do not own the HD DVD player.
B003YHSE7W|2.0|Although only one screenwriter is credited, \\"Iron Man 2\\" has the classic hallmark of scripts that have gone through multiple writers and script doctors: a plethora of disparate elements shoehorned together without regard for the narrative as a whole.<br /><br />\\"Iron Man 2\\" starts off promising, with an interesting conflict between Stark and the Federal Government.  The first 10 minutes set it up as \\"Atlas Shrugged\\" with a powersuit, featuring Tony Stark as Hank Reardon.  The Feds and their favored contractors are, unsurprisingly, not happy at being cut out of the defense business by a non-state actor.  Indeed, the enemies Iron Man faces in the course of the movie are non-state actors as well, a nod (conscious or unconscious) to the unsustainability of the welfare-warfare state.<br /><br />But enough of that.  Instead of a tight, interesting movie, we get a bunch of diversions that keep Iron Man from encountering the Stinky Russian, his primary enemy, until 30 minutes in.  Mickey Rourke plays Stinky Russian, and you can darn near smell him whenever he's on screen.  OK, that's cool, but then there's some corporate succession issues, the pointless use of SHIELD, and Scarlett Johansson phoning it in as Stark's new assistant.  Every scene with her is grating and unnecessary.  Oh, then there are some other plot points that would be spoilers that I will avoid.  Rather than a complete narrative, we get bogged down in Act 2 and just stay there from a long time spinning our wheels.  Even when the movie finally gets going again, the climax manages to be anticlimactic.<br /><br />\\"Iron Man 2\\" is saved only by Downey, Rourke and Rockwell.  All three are so talented that they uplift the material and keep this move from becoming a complete trainwreck.  The cleverness and tight writing of the first movie is absent here.  Rent if you must, but you are likely to be disappointed.
B003TML0VO|5.0|After reading all the reviews and the diversity of opinion, I hesitated to buy this.   I'm really glad I didn't listen to all the negative reviews!  Perhaps I'm not as sophisticated in my musical tastes as some of the negative reviewers, but I love this recording.  Some of the things Carlos does with a guitar don't seem humanly possible, and many of the vocals were outstanding - I loved Daughtry doing Def Leppard's \\"Photograph\\".   I like music of all types; my tastes run from opera to Korean pop music - this has become one of my favorites.   If you like Santana as a guitarist, buy it!
B003X4069A|4.0|The original [[ASIN:B000Q7ZOL2 Clash of the Titans]] is perhaps mostly remembered for its sheer corniness. This remake by the same name is certainly better and has amped up special effects. On the whole, I'd give it 3.5 stars. The movie does some things very well, such as the monsters. Medusa looks great and perfectly combines beauty and horror. Yet, I can't help but think that the directors wasted this opportunity to make a truly classic movie. [[ASIN:B002ZG977Y Clash of the Titans]] falls into the trap of many modern movies in packing nearly every scene with intense battles or special effects. The movie's pacing rarely slows down enough to develop the characters or expand its emotional range beyond pure adrenaline. Also, some characters seem out of place. Who exactly are the Jin? As it stands, [[ASIN:B002ZG977Y Clash of the Titans]] is certainly worth watching, but didn't manage to reach is full potential.
B0019N8P2W|5.0|Great value! I love being able to flash back to the 90s with a quick episode of Daria. One of my favorite shows!
B0041KXBYC|4.0|The original [[ASIN:B000Q7ZOL2 Clash of the Titans]] is perhaps mostly remembered for its sheer corniness. This remake by the same name is certainly better and has amped up special effects. On the whole, I'd give it 3.5 stars. The movie does some things very well, such as the monsters. Medusa looks great and perfectly combines beauty and horror. Yet, I can't help but think that the directors wasted this opportunity to make a truly classic movie. [[ASIN:B002ZG977Y Clash of the Titans]] falls into the trap of many modern movies in packing nearly every scene with intense battles or special effects. The movie's pacing rarely slows down enough to develop the characters or expand its emotional range beyond pure adrenaline. Also, some characters seem out of place. Who exactly are the Jin? As it stands, [[ASIN:B002ZG977Y Clash of the Titans]] is certainly worth watching, but didn't manage to reach is full potential.
0316077054|5.0|I read Beautiful Creatures and now Beautiful Darkness because my daughter is obsessed.  I have read a number of her other favorite books:  Stephanie Myers \\"The Host\\" , the Time Travellers Wife, and o.k. yeah, Vampire Diaries.   Honestly The Caster Chronicles are my favorite.  They fly along, which is always good in a book.  In this latest one \\"Beautiful Darkness\\" the authors really take on the dark side.  The  romance (not my thing) is definitely there - but it is more about confronting \\"pure evil\\" that has materialized from the underworld.  Lena actually has to choose for herself between the dark and the light side, and depending on what she chooses half of her family dissappears - either the light side or the dark side.  Pretty classic, plus really well written.  As with the authors' first effort, the prose is often beautiful.  Very smart Garcia and Stohl.
B003R7E6RQ|4.0|The original [[ASIN:B000Q7ZOL2 Clash of the Titans]] is perhaps mostly remembered for its sheer corniness. This remake by the same name is certainly better and has amped up special effects. On the whole, I'd give it 3.5 stars. The movie does some things very well, such as the monsters. Medusa looks great and perfectly combines beauty and horror. Yet, I can't help but think that the directors wasted this opportunity to make a truly classic movie. [[ASIN:B002ZG977Y Clash of the Titans]] falls into the trap of many modern movies in packing nearly every scene with intense battles or special effects. The movie's pacing rarely slows down enough to develop the characters or expand its emotional range beyond pure adrenaline. Also, some characters seem out of place. Who exactly are the Jin? As it stands, [[ASIN:B002ZG977Y Clash of the Titans]] is certainly worth watching, but didn't manage to reach is full potential.
B002OG5GT8|5.0|I used to have a boostaroo headphone amp a long time ago, and this fiio blows it out of the water! It amplifies as it states, and the extra features (volume control, internal rechargeable battery, on/off button) makes it supreme. And I like that it has a lithium battery so you don't have to worry about a 'memory affect' that occurs with nickel batteries, you can charge it even when it's not completely dead. And it has a led light that is blue when on, and red when off/charging, purple when on/charging. If you want to boost sound output, and it doesn't need to be headphones, even external speakers that need a boost, this is the way to go.
B002ZG977Y|4.0|The original Clash of the Titans is perhaps mostly remembered for its sheer corniness. This remake by the same name is certainly better and has amped up special effects. On the whole, I'd give it 3.5 stars. The movie does some things very well, such as the monsters. Medusa looks great and perfectly combines beauty and horror. Yet, I can't help but think that the directors wasted this opportunity to make a truly classic movie. Clash of the Titans falls into the trap of many modern movies in packing nearly every scene with intense battles or special effects. The movie's pacing rarely slows down enough to develop the characters or expand its emotional range beyond pure adrenaline. Also, some characters seem out of place. Who exactly are the Jin? As it stands, Clash of the Titans is certainly worth watching, but didn't manage to reach is full potential.
B001V7YWTQ|5.0|What an amazing collection of music from these two giants.  I would recommend this to any and all Clapton/Winwood fans.
B003ZMPZIW|4.0|The original [[ASIN:B000Q7ZOL2 Clash of the Titans]] is perhaps mostly remembered for its sheer corniness. This remake by the same name is certainly better and has amped up special effects. On the whole, I'd give it 3.5 stars. The movie does some things very well, such as the monsters. Medusa looks great and perfectly combines beauty and horror. Yet, I can't help but think that the directors wasted this opportunity to make a truly classic movie. [[ASIN:B002ZG977Y Clash of the Titans]] falls into the trap of many modern movies in packing nearly every scene with intense battles or special effects. The movie's pacing rarely slows down enough to develop the characters or expand its emotional range beyond pure adrenaline. Also, some characters seem out of place. Who exactly are the Jin? As it stands, [[ASIN:B002ZG977Y Clash of the Titans]] is certainly worth watching, but didn't manage to reach is full potential.
B003XQ9BXU|5.0|Critics are too critical. That was a good movie. The animation at the end was a nice touch too. The sequel, that the film leads up too, should be hurried up and made.
B003ZAG2EA|4.0|The original [[ASIN:B000Q7ZOL2 Clash of the Titans]] is perhaps mostly remembered for its sheer corniness. This remake by the same name is certainly better and has amped up special effects. On the whole, I'd give it 3.5 stars. The movie does some things very well, such as the monsters. Medusa looks great and perfectly combines beauty and horror. Yet, I can't help but think that the directors wasted this opportunity to make a truly classic movie. [[ASIN:B002ZG977Y Clash of the Titans]] falls into the trap of many modern movies in packing nearly every scene with intense battles or special effects. The movie's pacing rarely slows down enough to develop the characters or expand its emotional range beyond pure adrenaline. Also, some characters seem out of place. Who exactly are the Jin? As it stands, [[ASIN:B002ZG977Y Clash of the Titans]] is certainly worth watching, but didn't manage to reach is full potential.
B003YK42LQ|4.0|On \\"Come Around Sundown,\\" Kings of Leon break little new ground. The album is instead a deeper exploration of the sound that has become their signature. This is a natural an extension of their prior albums, much the way Pink Floyd's \\"Dark Side of the Moon\\" was a natural next step from \\"Echoes\\"; the surprise is that even with so little new ground broken here -- the newest element in their sound seems to be a tip of the hat to My Morning Jacket -- the songs do not disappoint. In fact, they're excellent: often bigger, bolder, fuller, and more sweeping than most of \\"Only by the Night\\" and \\"Because of the Times.\\" Here, the band sounds more relaxed and confident even at their heavier moments -- if they had matured with their last album, they have both individually and as a unit come into their own on this one, as can be heard on \\"Radioactive,\\" \\"The Immortals,\\" \\"No Money,\\" and, their lead-off track (funny enough), \\"The End.\\" This album will loom as one of the best of 2010.
0545265355|5.0|I have finished the first book couldn't put it down till I was done. My brother can't wait for me to finish my report to have it. Started on the second and it is just as good if not better.I can't wait to get to the third one.
B000UR9T8C|5.0|Two years after his conversion to Spiderman, Peter Parker (Tobey Maguire) seems to finally have his life under control.  His confidence in his powers has returned, and New York City is awash in SpiderMania; he's acing his college courses, and Mary Jane Watson (Kirsten Dunst), whom he has loved since grade school, finally recognizes and returns his love.  But there are flies in the ointment still.  His lifelong friend Harry Osborn (James Franco), who blames Spidey for his father's death, now knows that Spidey and Peter are one and the same, and has also discovered that the senior Osborn was the Green Goblin; with the Goblin's mask and sky-sled he's about to unveil himself as the New Goblin.  Peter is confronted with an ambitious rival photographer (Topher Grace) for J. Jonah Jameson's (J. K. Simmons) Daily Bugle.  And the police discover that his Uncle Ben was not killed by the con they had thought responsible, but by another, Flint Marko (Thomas Haden Church), who has recently escaped from prison and been transformed to a new super-villain, the Sandman.  On top of all this, a small meteoroid that lands unnoticed near the Lover's Lane where Peter and MJ are enjoying a quiet moment together proves to have a hitchhiker--a symbiotic alien lifeform that takes possession of Peter and magnifies all his less attractive qualities.  Besides the usual wonderful SFX (including a splendid sequence featuring an out-of-control crane crashing into a skyscraper) and Marvel angst, this concluding (so far) film in the Spidey franchise has as its theme the importance of making choices.  Will bad reviews of one of her parts push MJ into abandoning her dreams of Broadway success?  Will Peter let the symbiote continue to control him even after he knows what it is and sees what it's making him do?  Will he seek revenge against Marko as he did against Ben's supposed murderer?  Will Harry Osborn agree to help him rescue MJ from the Sandman, or be willing to sacrifice even the girl he once loved for the sake of his revenge?  Even Marko shows an unexpected side of his nature in a climactic scene between himself and Spidey.  This may well be the best title in the trilogy.
B0036WHM1E|5.0|Brand new, came in the mail quickly. Very satisfied customers. Would shop with them again. :)
B0034G4OVS|1.0|Let me cut to the chase. This movie is mostly awful... boring dialogue making it really bad. But it IS realistic.  How you ask? By portraying the vapid stupidity of the typical 18-20 something of our world today. Having lived in New England I can attest that the average 20 something there is an idiot... but then again, I've seen similar stupidity elsewhere so locality is of little consequence.  Of course if kids grow up in the north country it can often be a different story where they have some native smarts.  These kids in this movie are clearly flat-landers without a clue.  Unfortunately in our world today, the typical kid learns stupidity in school (for example, they know all about sex and drugs but can't walk on the correct side of a back country road).    What sets this movie apart is that it really explores the complete empty-headedness of this age group today. From failing to properly protect their faces from frostbite, to thinking that a guy in a snow cat would look almost vertical into the darkness to see if anyone was dangling on a chair, to failing to use the items at hand to lessen the drop so as to make a descent from the chair more survivable; all of these things demonstrate how DUMB the typical 20 something is today. Their dialogue, all centered round their narcissistic selves, only highlights how empty the gray matter is between their ears.  At one point I fast forwarded through this empty dialogue in order to reach some decision point to bring this futility to an end. These three, if the story had been real, would have been hands down favorites for Darwin Awards.    All I can say is, if you have teenagers, please teach them some real world skills instead of relying on the worthless \\"educrat\\" system to do so.  Otherwise your kids will end up like these idiots.
0545265355|5.0|This boxset was way worth getting it didnt show much pictures or have much of a discription of the product. But i do know that i was not sure if it was for sure a accual three books. I think that, that should be clarified when in the desription or details of the product. But other than that i got waht i paid for and for a really good deal. thanks hope you buy this boxset like i did.
081297963X|5.0|This makes me want to see the Exhibition at the MCA in  Sydney from November 19th - March 27th 2011
0375851569|4.0|I am very happy to have purchased this collection of Dr.Seuss's Beginner Books.  I read every one of them when I was a child and thoroughly enjoyed them.  When the opportunity to buy them for my son arose, I couldn't place the order fast enough.  These books are perfect for new readers.  They not only offer the opportunity to enjoy reading, but they give new readers easy to understand words that help them to better enhance their reading skills.
0316098337|4.0|I enjoyed reading this and it was definately a page turner. Would recommend. Fast shipping and great packaging from Amazon!
B003YK42LQ|4.0|It took four albums, but finally Kings of Leon received the attention they deserved much sooner in the U.S. upon the release of 2008's Grammy award winning effort, [[ASIN:B001C3KCSY Only by the Night]].  'Only By The Night' ended up winning four Grammys when all was said and done - Record of the Year (\\"Use Somebody\\"),  Best Rock Performance by a Duo/Group (\\"Sex on Fire\\" in 2009 and \\"Use Somebody\\" in 2010), and Best Rock Song (\\"Use Somebody\\").  On [[ASIN:B003YK42LQ Come Around Sundown]], their fifth effort, the band keeps what makes them appeal to their fans very much alive, never compromising their sound for more commercial aspirations.  'Come Around Sundown' is by no means a revolutionary effort by the band, but it does find the them experimenting with sound pallets in addition to cultivating their signature blues-rock driven sound.  Frontman Caleb Followill sounds as solid as ever, particularly when the vocal production surrounding his voice highlights his raspy, bluesy vocals.  The album has no duds, but it does have its more boring spots, though not enough to sink its ultimate quality.  There are moments more exciting here than on 'Only By the Night,' but to say anything eclipses \\"Sex on Fire,\\" or \\"Use Somebody\\" might be an overstatement.<br /><br />\\"The End\\" opens up the album soundly with  Nathan Followill's superb drum groove all by itself.  Next, Jared Followill's thick bass line enters, anchoring the groove of the cut.  Great lead guitar work by Matthew Followill continues to allow \\"The End\\" to evolve, not to mention great rhythmic guitar work and soulful vocals by frontman Caleb.  Synthesizer adds a nice `mysterious edge' to this cut, almost signifying `the end.'  A simple, though alluring chorus captivates, simply repeating \\"This could be the end.\\"  While it shouldn't be profound, somehow \\"The End\\" proves to be a superb opening cut and one of the best cuts of 'Come Around Sundown.'<br /><br />\\"Radioactive\\" proves to be a great first single and the valedictory cut of the album.  Caleb makes clever allusion to a church hymn as he sings \\"When the roll is called up yonder, I hope to see you there,\\" in the short, first verse.  Only seconds later - almost suddenly - does Caleb breakout into the chorus singing: \\"it's in the water, it's where you came from...\\"  While \\"Radioactive\\" may pale in comparison to the overt catchiness of \\"Sex on Fire\\" from Only By The Night, it does find the band extending upon their musicianship.  The use of choir at the end of the cut is a superb touch.<br /><br />\\"Pyro\\" contrasts \\"Radioactive,\\" though keeps alive the minimalist ideas that drive the bands sound.  This cut is solid, but not flashy and proves a shade less enticing than \\"The End\\" or \\"Radioactive.\\" With that said, the understated hook-line (\\"I won't ever be your cornerstone...\\") is definitely kind of nice, despite being covered ever so slightly by the production work.  \\"Mary\\" atones for any lost momentum, finding the band amping up their bluesy side to the utmost.  This track sounds like classic blues-driven rock and roll and that sound and mindset fits a band like Kings of Leon perfectly.  \\"The Face\\" does not skip a beat finding the band honing in on their knack for precision and enjoyable, minimalist grooves.  As always, Followill's rasp is ever-present - fans would have it no other way.  Harmonically, the progression the underlies \\"The Face\\" is very effective.<br />\\"The Immortals\\" finds Kings of Leon moving back into an uptempo direction with superb drumming by Nathan and clear vocal production surround Caleb's unique vocal-timbre.  The `garage' production makes some of the precision of this cut fuzzy (namely the refrain vocals are a bit harder to decipher than the verse vocals), but it is not a downer as the band does not compromise the sound the made them famous.  \\"Back Down South\\" is another solid cut with some nice production techniques and songwriting, though it is a shade less distinctive than earlier cuts.  \\"Beach Side,\\" abeautifully produced track just falls the slightest bit short of the best - but keep in mind it is still a solid, above par cut.<br /><br />\\"No Money\\" and \\"Pony Up\\" have redeeming factors - namely Jared Followill's brilliant, thick bass lines - but the cuts themselves are second rate and are the least distinctive of the album. Fear not as the final three cuts are all pretty strong.  \\"Birthday\\" comes close to being in the top echelon, missing only slightly while the fantastic \\"Mi Amigo\\" rivals \\"Radioactive\\" for valedictorian status.  If there is one innovative cut from Kings, it is the well put together \\"Mi Amigo,\\"  a five-star performance.  \\"Pickup Truck\\" is not the best cut, but it is one of the better cuts and ends the album on a high note.  Here, the band return to their `evolutionary' formula where the track builds up gradually.<br /><br />'Come Around Sundown' is not a perfect album, but in a year where some of the rock entries are questionable, this effort is one of the best.  There is plenty for Kings of Leon fans to latch onto as classic and enough innovation to possibly lure in new listeners.  To call it crossover would be an overstatement, but this album is not without its possibilities.  I recommend it; it is another fine piece to the Southern boys's discography.just falls the slightest bit short of the best - but keep in mind it is still a solid, above par cut.     \\"No Money\\" and \\"Pony Up\\" have redeeming factors - namely Jared Followill's brilliant, thick bass lines - but the cuts themselves are second rate and are the least distinctive of the album. Fear not as the final three cuts are all pretty strong.  \\"Birthday\\" comes close to being in the top echelon, missing only slightly while the fantastic \\"Mi Amigo\\" rivals \\"Radioactive\\" for valedictorian status.  If there is one innovative cut from Kings, it is the well put together \\"Mi Amigo,\\"  a five-star performance.  \\"Pickup Truck\\" is not the best cut, but it is one of the better cuts and ends the album on a high note.  Here, the band return to their `evolutionary' formula where the track builds up gradually.    'Come Around Sundown' is not a perfect album, but in a year where some of the rock entries are questionable, this effort is one of the best.  There is plenty for Kings of Leon fans to latch onto as classic and enough innovation to possibly lure in new listeners.  To call it crossover would be an overstatement, but this album is not without its possibilities.  I recommend it; it is another fine piece to the Southern boys's discography.
0385342047|2.0|I have long been a fan of the Shopaholic series.  Unfortunately, this book was just too \\"over the top\\" even for Becky Brandon (nee' Bloomwood).  I read the series to be entertained, so I'm not a reader looking for a serious book, but even Becky deserves a bit of character development.  Maybe it's because I've grown with Becky and I have a two year old also, but Becky is just an irresponsible mother in this book.  Even her big heart seems to have shrunk down to be sizes smaller than the Grinch's.  She just comes across as plain selfish and a bad parent in this book.  It would have been nice to have seen Kinsella take the approach that the child reflect Becky's past selfishness (as toddlers appropriately can) and have Becky struggle as a responsible mom not to have her daughter fall right in behind her.  Frankly, during this installment I found myself wondering why Luke even stays married to Becky in the first place.  I couldn't see the motivation for him to stay with her.  Even Becky's parents' actions were more believable in this book.  After this installment, I can't really say that I would enjoy reading any more about Becky from Ms. Kinsella.  I saved a bit of money and bought this on my Kindle.  My advice? Borrow, do not purchase this book.
0767802772|5.0|This movie is so much fun to watch.  Salma & Matthew work great together.  I am so glad I purchased this movie through Amazon.com.  All my movie purchases have been through Amazon, and I will continue to do so.  Great service and products!!!
B0031RAOVY|5.0|Having had an Akita I can tell you they are the most loyal dog of all dogs!! And I have had all kinds of dogs in my time! As you have read in other post about what happens I will not bore you with the details. I will tell you that you need to see this movie!! I cried almost from the start because Hachico reminded me of my Akita Max who I just put down a few months before this movie came out. The looks and mannerism was the same and it brought back great memories of my time with Max and how he waited for me when I was in the hospital for a week. So get your popcorn and klenex your favorite pet and see what love and loyalty are like in a age where even a spouse will leave you for no reason. Death could not deter this faithful dog from waiting for his master to return. The very end of this film is done wonderfully!!! very heart warming!
B00418NXBK|5.0|This album is full of variety, and I like that. The current issue of the \\"Rolling Stone\\" magazine, covers the variety of songs, included in this deluxe edition, and gives it a very good review. Also, the amazon product description even mentions, this deluxe edition is full of variety. Also, the New York Times, has called this the \\"Rock Blockbuster of the Season\\". Also, the magazines, \\"Spin\\" (Nov.2010), & \\"American Songwriter\\"(Nov.Dec.2010) both rate this as a great release, and both have the Kings of Leon on the cover of their current issues. Also, the current issue of \\"Uncut\\"(Nov.2010), have the Kings on their cover, and they give this album a good rating. The review of this CD by \\"Uncut\\" (Nov.2010,p.89), states \\"Come young, come old! A Superb fifth will delight Boomer and Tweeter alike...\\". Also, on p.57, Matthew states, \\"If I was a Kings of Leon fan, I would want to hear an uptempo rock record eventually.\\" Also, the review in \\"Uncut\\" P.89 links the sounds on this deluxe CD, to the Great Southern Bands, that came before them, especially the songs, \\"Back Down South\\", & \\"Pickup Truck\\". It compares them to the Marshall Tucker Band, and the Allman Brothers Band. Also, in \\"Spin\\" (Nov.2010)p.76 it even suggests that KOL might be their generation's Lynyrd Skynyrd. Also, on p.61 of \\"Uncut\\" Nov.2010, in the \\"Songs of the South\\" Guide, it mentions that the KOL are proudly restating their Southern roots on their new LP \\"Come Around Sundown\\".  I agree with these assessments.    After reading all these magazine articles, and listening to the songs on this deluxe edition double CD, many times, and from reading other amazon reviews, I've learned alot about this band. I've learned from other reviewer's assessments of this release, even from the ones that totally disagree with my assessment. I've learned about the pro's & con's of this release. I've learned that it's \\"popular\\" & \\"cool\\" to be disappointed with this release. I learned about the Pigeon droppings, incident, at a KOL concert, in St.Louis of this year. Yes, this album is different from their first 2 albums. Plus, yes they listened to a lot of \\"Texas\\", Townes Van Zandt music, and other related music, but they also liked Thin Lizzy, and other artists also. They came up with the name \\"Kings of Leon\\", because the father of the 3 Followill brothers', middle name was Leon. So, they started to call themselves the \\"The Sons of Leon\\", but then they had a cousin in the band, who was not a son of Leon. So, they came up with the name \\"Kings of Leon\\".     \\"Radioactive\\" is like a \\"Rock/Gospel/Spiritual\\" song, plus it relates to the Kings' Southern Christian roots. It begins with the words, \\"When the Roll is Called Up Yonder\\", which is the title to a Gospel hymn. Also, it includes the lyrics \\"...its in the water...where you came from...\\", which adds more support, about releating to the Kings' roots. Plus, it could also, be a great arena rock song. \\"Back Down South\\", \\"Mi Amigo\\", and \\"Pickup Truck\\", have somewhat of a Southern Rock &/or Country sound to them. Some songs such as \\"The Immortals\\", \\"Beach Side\\", \\"Pony Up\\", have somewhat of a \\"Punk Attitude\\" about them. While, \\"Mary\\" has a \\"50's Doo-Wop\\" sound to it. \\"The Face\\" relates back to Tennessee and the South, it mentions \\"If you give up New York, I'll Give You Tennessee\\". \\"The End\\" is good solid arena rock, subtly suggesting that this release may be the end of the KOL's popularity. The rest of the songs on disc one are all good solid rock songs.    The lead singer Caleb, has a unique singing style, I love his southern accent, it sounds as if he's \\"preaching\\" the lyrics. Afterall, his father was a southern, pentecostal preacher, while the band members, three brothers & a cousin, were growing up, down south. I can relate to a lot of their raising, because I grew up in the deep South, in a very similiar environment, and so did Jerry Lee Lewis, to a certain extent. When they talk about \\"blow-outs\\" in Sunday Morning Church Services, in the \\"American Songwriter\\" (Nov./Dec.2010), I know exactly what they're talking about.    On disc two, the bonus disc for the deluxe edition, includes another great arena rock song \\"Celebration\\". Also it has a great remix of \\"Radioactive\\", which includes a mass gospel choir singing in the background. Also it has a great remix of \\"Closer\\", from their Grammy Award Winning album, \\"Only by Night\\".
B003V5PPZG|5.0|I love linkin park and I've been a fan since hybrid theory. I was alittle worried about the new sound I've always liked their sound but from the New devide song I wasn't really liking it but this cd is amazing.<br /><br />It's a one of a kind and even though I'll always love the old sound I like the new one just as much.
B0042VJ1PI|5.0|Great book, goes along with the show so well. Still a great read for those that do not follow the show. Well, worth the 9.99 and quick download to kindle.
B0029LHW68|5.0|I love this cd the music is awesome the artwork is really cool and just all around a really nice cd.
B003ZJJHWK|4.0|I was introduced to Antony through a British television show called Later With Jools, a fantastic venue where bands perform live.    At first I didn't know what to make of Antony's voice.  It's so...different, yet...familiar.  I took the bait and bought The Crying Light and it took a bit of time before the album hit me on the head.  I admit it took me a while but I realized I was listening to someone pretty special, uniquely special and ultimately greatly special.      It's awfully hard to offer a critique of Antony's latest album (or really, any of his albums).  I've yet to read a real and examined critique of Swanlights (and nor should my little critique be considered fully examined).  You really do have to live with an Antony album for A WHILE before putting pen to paper but of course the media is not going to wait.    I am surprised at how much is apparently immediate to me in this album.  There is something accessible to me about Antony's latest efforts.  And believe me, it's not like I understand what Antony's is doing or where Antony's going with Swanlights but it seems much more effortless and accessible to me.    Antony is truly musically earnest and it works rather well.  What can I say at this point?  This is another great effort by Antony.
B003OF3R0S|5.0|When I noticed that Avenged sevenfold put out a new album I really wanted to find it.    After Jimmy died I wanted the last record He was on, He made the music unique with His skills and vocals on verious songs He's dearly missed.    This cd is wonderful It's different from their first few albums but in a good way.
B001993Y3G|1.0|I love the movie, but this is just another Warner Brothers standard DVD transfer. Says 1080p HD on the case, but it is just barely better than original DVD. Not even close to being on par with newer blu-ray DVD's. Save your money and wait for a digitally remastered version in HD. Hang onto your old DVD, I didn't.
B002N5N4M6|5.0|Great product and show....   We try to watch the show when it airs,  but it's fun later to look again and catch all of the dialogue without the commercials....   We love this show and it's characters..  Very up to date and funny commentary and story line.... I tell everyone that I went to college with all of these guys....
B003YNFYD8|5.0|Just for those interested: The new remastered version of the Blue album, retains the \\"clean\\" intro to \\"A Day In The Life\\" as was done on the previous CD release.  This was the only offical way to get this song without the fade in from SPLHCB-reprise.  The US album version (vinyl) had the fade in version.
B003HC8I5M|1.0|At least on Motown 1 anyway.  Michael had the voice for it doing it like a karaoke album.  Phil Collins should have put his production style to this one with the drums, saxophone, like his good solo albums.  He sings these songs like the average Joe.  Not even his voice has much energy to it.  The music is very ordinary, and plain sounding!  Phil should focus on a new Genesis album or something.  His solo career is really going nowhere fast!  I cannot see this selling at all!
B003YNFYCO|5.0|Just for those interested: The new remastered version of the Red album, DOES NOT include the 007 theme intro as part of Help!  This was unique to the US Help! album and was included in the US version of the Red vinyl release.  As expected, seeing as these are the 09/09/09 remasters, the UK Help! album never had the intro, so it would make sense that it wasn't included.
B002ZG98XW|5.0|This movie was so amazing...even though you knew the outcome that did not stop me from jumping up and down in my seat saying \\"Come on, Secretariat\\".. \\"Come on Big Red\\"... you just cheered and cheered and cheered in this movie.  It's such a feel-good movie.  I left the theater feeling so good.  The cast was wonderful in this movie and the horse was amazingly beautiful, with such heart and spirit.  His eyes just seemed to look through to your very soul. In this day and age of foul-mouthed, sex-filled, shock value movies, it's so refreshing to see a movie of this caliber.  I cried from start to finish watching this movie, it just moved me so much.  Congrats to everyone who was a part of this production, superb job!  We will not see the likes of a movie like this again for a long time - this type of movie comes along once in a lifetime..I'm so happy it was in my lifetime.  I wish I knew Secretariat.  This movie made me want to go out and buy a horse, I swear!
B002N5N4M6|5.0|I have both the 1st and 2nd seasons, so when the 3rd came out of DVD it was a no-brainer... had to buy it!! Love this season and the extra features included on this collection!!
B003PIUBZS|4.0|OK, I don't want to sound like a neandrathal, but seriously, this show is all about bloody action, gratuitous nudity, plenty of foul language, and on the surface, a show with no other redeeming qualities. And I love it! But while it may be all that, once you start watching, you get passed that and start seeing that it's a show about loyalty, betrayal, intrigue, scheming, and other elements that keep you coming back for more than all that stuff I mentioned before. Many people have savage reviews regarding this show. I think it's unfair to criticize this show, when there are many more shows that are far more deserving of this type of scorn. Give it a chance. Look passed all the hype, and you'll see a show that would stand alone without all the sex, violence and gore.
B002GSXKN8|5.0|Great collection of Batman (greatest superhero of all time!!) movies including both staring the greatest Batman, George Clooney!!
0446567337|2.0|I really loved the character of John Tyree but could not stand Savannah.  She did not deserve such a man.  What a horrible ending for this book, though I am very glad John did not get stuck with her for the rest of his life.  He deserves so much better.    The only reason I gave this book 2 stars was because I cared for John so much, and for his father, too.  In fact, in my mind, the love story of this book was between John and his dad.      Whatever you do, DO NOT listen to this audiobook.  The narrator is HORRIBLE.
0307473465|3.0|This book is set in post WWII Germany and told by Michael Berg. It starts when he was 15 years old and Hanna Schmitz came into his life. Although Hanna was twice his age, Michael was seduced and immediately fell in love with her. For a period of time they were lovers, and one of the things that Hanna liked was when Michael read to her, until one day Hanna disappeared and left no way for Michael to contact her. Years later when he is a law student, Michael is assigned to a trial and there he unexpectedly sees Hanna again. This time things have changed, she is being trialled as a guard in one of the concentration camps and there is so much about Hanna that Michael doesn't know. As he sits through the trial he tries to understand her motive, until he discovers the secret which is keeping Hanna from defending herself.    I found this to be a very easy and a quick read, and although it is a short novel, the topics it deals with give you a lot to think about. I liked the two main characters in this book, yet I thought that Hanna was much stronger and at first I was a little disappointed when Michael discovered her secret. My initial reaction was that it was impossible for someone to behave that way, but thinking about it made me realize how much it must have meant for Hanna if she was willing to get a harsher sentence to conceal her secret. In the end I was eager to see what happened to Michael and Hanna, but again was disappointed by what she did. I may have been hoping for a happy ending though, and the fact that it did not happen could have something to do with why I was unhappy with Hanna.          I think I expected more from this book, probably because of all the hype surrounding the movie that was released in 2008. All in all however it was still worth reading and I think it would make a great book for discussion, it is surely good food for thought.
B001VNB54A|2.0|I have my own copy of Band of Brothers and I loved it. I can watch it over and over! So I decided to see this when it comes out. I went and got HBO just for this show. Boy was I disappointed. It had great action and special effects, but the story line was so dull and boring! I do not recommend this movie even if it's for $50. It sucked! Stick with Band of Brothers; better actors and story line.
1594481717|5.0|This is one of my favorite books and I was able to purchase two for a great price in perfect condition! I would highly recommend buying \\"Like new\\" listings instead of \\"New\\" listings. Books are in perfect condition and the price is much better!
B003YBNRHU|3.0|My first exposure to The Brothers was a little dive in Boulder, Colorado, 1972. I was, as some have already talked about, really looking forward to this \\"return to the studio and roots album.\\" Sorry, not very close to the hype.  There are some creative, in the vein of Captain and Vices, that move me but most of the ballads and the up tempo corny story songs are a waste of disc space. The rhythm section and harmonies are tight as always. Surely they had years of songs to pull from that would have given us the rock and roll/blues of the brothers. Maybe all involved have just mellowed with time.
B000F0UV0E|5.0|every song on this record is soooooooo good. two big tallents doing big memorable music, i wish there were more
B002ZG9788|4.0|I LOVE THE ORIGINAL, seen it countless times. Not expecting too much after reading how it was panned by the critics, I was pleasantly surprised! The SFX are awesome, the story is different tho related(fun to compare to the original while your watching). One quick scene is a great throwback to the original. Worthington is no Hamlin but pulls off the role well. The Pegasus is beautiful!!! I thoroughly enjoyed this film. If you aren't looking for a scene-by-scene remake of the original, I think you will too!!
0061673730|1.0|althought I am enjoying the book, the pages have been cut poorly and unevenly, 5 out of every 20 pages are torn as opposed to cut, giving the book a half assed shabby appearance.
B003YK42LQ|4.0|Kings of Leon had been pretty much trailblazing with each of their first 4 albums, making incredible leaps and bounds each time around. No longer the \\"Southern Strokes\\" (a misnomer from the very beginning, in my opinion), the great leap forward was of course the 2007 \\"Because of the Times\\" album, still their best album to date. As a fan of the first hour, I saw with some trepidation how the band's 2008 \\"Only By the Night\\" album made them superstars in the US (which they already were in the UK and other parts of the world). Now comes the band's highly anticipated new album.<br /><br />\\"Come Around Sundown\\" (13 tracks; 47 min.) starts off with \\"The End\\", which reminds of KoL songs already heard. It then gives may to 1st single \\"Radioactive\\", a strong track for sure. \\"Pyro\\" and \\"Mary\\" didn't bowl me over, but then the album really takes off with 2 outstanding tracks, \\"The Face\\" and \\"The Immortals\\", which sound epic and fantastic, with great guitar interplay. \\"Back Down South\\" and \\"Beach Side\\" are forgettable for me, but it sets the table for the last third of the album, which is fantastic. Starting with \\"No Money\\", the band thunders on, eventually culminating in the last 2 tracks, which for me are the best on the album, \\"Mi Amigo\\", which starts off deceptively slow, only to blossom into a great tune. The closer \\"Pickup Truck\\" is just the icing on the cake, what a great way to finish off the album. Most tracks on here are in the 3 1/2 to 4 min, range, and clip by in no time, and before you know it, you want to play the album again and again. The edition I bought came with an extra CD (3 tracks; 13 min.), featuring a bonus track \\"Celebration\\" which is a fantastic track: brooding, brooding, until the song explodes in the last 2 min., wow, just fantastic. It also brings a remix of \\"Radioactive\\" (not very different from the album track, actually) and \\"Crawl\\" which is reinvented entirely and is now a more pensive track, if you can believe that. But \\"Celebration\\" makes this a must-have for any KoL fan.<br /><br />In all, this album sounds like the logical follow-up to OBTN. No radical departure, and that's ok. No longer trailblazing, and that's ok too. This is a band fully confident and comfortable with where they're at. I've seen KoL many times in concert over the years (my first time was in 2004), and saw them again last month here in Cincinnati, at the tail end of the OBTN tour, where they played several songs of the new album. The new songs blended in perfectly with the rest of the set, and that's how the new album comes across as well.ave for any KoL fan.     In all, this album sounds like the logical follow-up to OBTN. No radical departure, and that's ok. No longer trailblazing, and that's ok too. This is a band fully confident and comfortable with where they're at. I've seen KoL many times in concert over the years (my first time was in 2004), and saw them again last month here in Cincinnati, at the tail end of the OBTN tour, where they played several songs of the new album. The new songs blended in perfectly with the rest of the set, and that's how the new album comes across as well.
0525951652|3.0|Historical references are interesting but the character adventures seem familiar.  Could Ken Follet be accessing former novels?  Previous novels have followed families through history but story line was not predictable.  I had really looked forward to this new novel and was disappointed.
B002U0KHMY|5.0|i love White Collar. absolutely amazing television. great show. 100% recommend. plus Matt Bomer is very attractive :)
B003SWNRU2|5.0|I've been a big Accept fan since the 80s and have always respected their plain in-your-face metal and talented guitar riffs. When I saw they released a new album I had to have it. After first hearing it, I was shocked to find out that the singer was not Udo! The new singer sounds just like him. And just like their old albums, the songs are loud, fast, and in-your-face just like traditional heavy metal should be. The music on this album is much better than the albums they put out in the 90s, and rivals what they did in the 80s. It's unusual for a band to come back  with such a strong album after being gone for so long. Welcome back!
1423113381|5.0|Some reviews say that the switching of characters every few chapters is confusing.. but actually its not a problem. the story is AMAZING, and although the narrators switch every few chapers, its clear who is speaking, and I don't find it confusing at all. if you really are confused for a moment, just glance at the top of the page where there is tells you who's speaking :) This really is a great story that Percy lovers CANNOT miss!!
B003UERZ88|3.0|Halford's current singing ability still blows me away, and seems to evolve/expand with his age. But somewhat missing from this album are his meteoric screams and jaw-dropping vocal range that clearly stood out on \\"Resurrection\\". It can still be heard here in songs like \\"The Mower\\" but overall this album seems a bit toned-down from the others, especially in the music itself. For example, the song \\"Till The Day I Die\\" sounds like something you'd more likely hear on a Bon Jovi album. That's not to say this is a bad album, it just seems to meander a bit more than the others. Is that a good or a bad thing? Only the listener can decide!
1439133948|3.0|This review contains SPOILERS! If you do not want the ending ruined, scroll on past!                  I wish you could give half stars--I would say this is closer to a 3 and a half for me. Overall, I liked this book, but there were some serious flaws. First, it was distinctly less organized than Bujold's books usually are. The beginning was really confusing, with reason--Miles is drugged and running through underground catacombs of cryo-revival drawers. The story takes place on a world where people have become obsessed with avoiding death by freezing themselves in order to be revived in a time after a cure for various diseases or even a cure for old age is discovered. A mess of political drama ensues when Miles stumbles upon a conspiracy to keep a bad batch of cryo-fluid (resulting in several thousand unintentional deaths) under wraps, while also busting a ploy to buy out shares in the government of Komarr. Miles ends up foiling the bad guys, the day is saved, etc etc. For a very simple story, I felt like it took quite a while to get there. Maybe it was because of the wildly different perspectives, but the story overall felt a bit choppy at times.    Here is where the real spoilers begin. At the end, Miles' father dies. A mini-epilogue gives five perspectives on it, from Miles, Mark (his sons), Cordelia (his wife), Ivan (his nephew), and emperor Gregor (his adopted son, for all intents and purposes). This was about two pages. It was inevitable, and it was emotional, but I honestly think that given the topic of the book, it would have been more fitting to have written so that Aral passed away at the beginning. I think that the emotional tone of the entire case would have been different if Miles had been struggling with 'what if what if what if' through the whole thing. The readers may also have been able to come to more closure rather than just this hanging devastation of all who loved him. I guess there's always room for that in the next one, but the topic of tryingto stymy death and its vast implications would have had more emotional impact that way, and I thought that Aral's death would have provided a more interesting, nuanced backdrop to the whole investigation. I felt like there were a lot of places where the story could have been expanded. The origins of Kibou-daini could have been explored, the Barrayarans' reaction to this strange world could have been explored, Miles and Roic's characters could have grown rather than showing more of the same. I found this a little disappointing.    One thing that really bugged me was that the story took place on a world that is basically like New Japan, more or less. Being a fanfic writer and somebody who has been around the block as far as Japanese culture is concerned, I was really annoyed by the liberal sprinkling of honorifics and random Japanese names (sort of stereotypical ones, at that--Jin, Ako, Seiichirou, etc). The Russian-basis of the Barrayaran names makes sense because they were completely isolated for several hundred years, developing their own culture. But what are the odds that an entire planet was settled only by one country (a small-ish one at that) and managed to maintain that same cultural unity for generations amidst all the interstellar travels? It just made it seem really fan-ficcy to me in places. The worst was when one of the characters popped in and exclaimed \\"Ohayo gozaimasu!\\" It was kind of like, yep, you can look in a Japanese dictionary. Good for you.    Overall, I give it a B-. Despite the flaws, it was still a compelling read. I always tell people that Bujold's bad is better than most writers' good. The story made some interesting points about life and death, but could have had a more powerful impact with some changes or additions. The fanfiction-y feel of the world detracted from the seriousness of the story, but I liked the attention that Roic got, and thought that the addition of Jin's perspective was interesting as well. I am sad that Aral is gone,since he was one of my favorite characters in the series, but am looking forward to seeing exploration of the responses in the next book, which I sincerely hope takes place with a more complete \\"classic\\" cast back on Barrayar.
B003JTHESA|4.0|Without a doubt, Maiden created their best music in the 80s and I didn't expect them to match that decade with this album. Most of their recent albums seem to lack focus, but that's changed a bit with this album. Like all Maiden songs, the music on this album is complex and varied, but this album seems more polished and melodic/catchy. The song \\"Starblind\\", for example, sounds like it could have easily come straight off the \\"Seventh Son of a Seventh Son\\" album. I hate to have to say it, but the weakest link on this album is probably Bruce Dickinson's vocals. While more than adequate and still respectable, they sound a little too monotone, lacking real gruff or dynamics (which has also been the case with their past few albums). I suppose that's to be expected for an aging singer/airline pilot, but it's still disappointing nonetheless.
0061997811|5.0|If you're interested in the magic behind the making of the Harry Potter films, or the ephemera that they created, from Yule Ball tickets to Ministry ID booklets, Weasleys Wizard Wheezes packaging, labels from Slughorn's Apothecary or Harry's Hogwarts letter, you owe it to yourself to get this book. It's the perfect gift for any long-time (or new) Potter fan - you get to see, close up, so many of the magical things that were created to fill Harry's world. I know it's a cliche, but the book is almost magical.
0345479092|5.0|So glad if this book helps anyone else.  I purchased it over a month ago.  I was having a very rough time with our first child!  It was excruciatingly difficult for me to get into the swing of things.  I was overstimulating and under stimulating, over tiring, over feeding, projecting, you name it.  I fear that I fumbled and failed almost as miserably as I could if I neglected my little miss.  But, nearly three months down the road, I'm finally in a routine and it is working well for all of us.  My daughter is now doing so well that I've already forgotten all our previous troubles!      As far as the baby personality profile quiz in the book, I think that sort of thing may be more helpful when a baby is at least a few weeks, rather than days old.  I wouldn't have been able to answer the personality questions without knowing my daughter, and I didn't know her at first. Besides, infants change so much over the first two weeks as they adjust to life outside.  However, if the general tips are followed, maybe the personality isn't so important to know right away.  For me, when I was reading the book, I could tell more what kind of person our daughter is by the different ways she was freaking out when I accidentally ignored or misinterpreted her cues.    Immediately, with just 60 pages read, our baby was more rewardingly engaging and ready to learn.  She simply needed to be properly understood. She is very reactive to environmental stimuli and needs more physical space than we and other family were giving her.  Turns out, she is only very cuddly when overstimulated, so if she's clingy, she's trying to hide and rough night to come!  She requires a lot of one on one interaction, I knew that, but is also easily over stimulated and tires easily.      Our poor little girl can't even eat properly when she is tired.  I was seeing a lactation consultant, had ped visits up the you know what.  I was told she had allergies and was reacting to something in my milk (I was eating the most depressingly bland diet!).  I was told she had colic.  I was told that I had a milk let-down reflex so fast it was gagging the poor dear. . . she has reflux.  Well, less than three days on the E.A.S.Y. routine (our daughter surprisingly requires at least 5 daily naps!), no more colicky baby, no more nursing difficulties and I have enough time to get most things done before my husband gets home (that includes a boost in personal hygiene, Ha!).  And the crazy thing, the hardest thing to convince others about, she sleeps more at night the more she sleeps during the day!  Seriously!  My girl falls asleep three hours earlier than before the E.A.S.Y. routine (now 8 pm), but still gets up at the same time in the morning!    Life before Secrets, once our daughter started crying she would become progressively more difficult to calm, and eat more and more poorly through out the day, screaming, gagging, beating at my chest.  Every day was a downward spiral.  At night she would wake over, and over, and over in rapid succession. It was getting ridiculous!  I was becoming terrified for what each new day would bring me.  But now I can't wait to get up in the morning and see that precious and tiny smiling face :  )  Before this book, I was unable to tell if she was tired or overstimulated before it was too late.  Hopefully, anyone else would get the book earlier than I (two and a half months) and, if they end up with a very sensitive child like ours, know what to look for before before daily exasperating melt downs ensue.      After applying what I learned from this book, my daughter immediately started trying to talk more and smiles increased exponentially!  And after giving her the space I began to recognize she needed, she has become more tolerant and appreciative of cuddles.  So, she is happy.  I am happy (was feeling quite depressed).  Our daughter still has reflux, but it really doesn't bother her unless she is getting tired.  Now she even laughs at my reaction when she spits up!  I had no idea that she needed so many naps, or how to tell when she needed one before she started crying.  I LOVE THE BOOK!!!!!!  Thank you Tracy for your gift!!!!  And bless you kind woman!    Read the book and share the word!
B000X2H8G4|5.0|I purchased this to assist our hearing impaired residents in our nursing home and it works perfectively.
B00110K62U|3.0|I have seen this on stage many years ago in San Francisco while it was at the Orphium Theater. Most impressive, even to this late date i can still remember how the play moved me to tears.<br /><br />I listen to the Full symphonic soundtract on my iPod and again am moved to tears at how sad the world of Jean ValJean was. At the death of Fontain. At the sad life of Cosette.<br /><br />What is this that i bought?<br /><br />Don't get me wrong here. The quality on my Blu Ray was fantastic. the sound was supurb. it even played as if it were blu ray, FULL screen. i was suprised to say the least. what i thought i was buying and why i give this less then five stars is that the player were STATIC. standing still in front of a mic and singing, not acting the parts like what i saw in San Francisco all thos years ago. I was bored of it before the bishop was through telling ValJean that he bought his soul for God with the silver he had stollen<br /><br />I don't mind the bits and pieces that were missing. I wanted to see the WHOLE thing all over again like i saw it the first time. I hope this is not how the britsh saw it. I hope they had the full experience. this was too great a show to pass up on a static singing of the music.
B003F3NDWG|5.0|Writing and acting doesn't get much better than this. I loved Nathan Fillion on Firefly and in Waitress. He's even better on Castle. The entire cast of Castle works so well as an ensemble that I hope this series has a very, very long run.
B002BU0DPE|4.0|The headphones are great. They are soft and the base is awesome. but too many wires and i like to be organized to my liking. the wires go from the tv to the ps3/xbox360/pc/mac to your head and to your xbox controller (if you use the xbox but no wires to the pc/ps3).    Overall....MUST HAVE FOR HARDCORE GAMERS!!
0385528752|5.0|I had to read this for a meeting with my company...i thought it would be the same old boring type book.  To my suprise i really enjoyed it and had a hard time putting it down.
0553805371|3.0|As an agnostic I always hope that something from either side will get me off the fence.  Although there was no promise, there was a tantalizing hint that Hawking (Mlowdinow) might have done it this time.  Instead, he just re-confirmed his strong desire to be an atheist. Actually, the premise (i.e., I can envision the universe without the need for an initial creative force) was contained in his \\"A Brief History of Time.\\" But, in both cases the critical question was not resolved convincingly enough for me (e.g., \\"why is there something rather than nothing?\\").<br /><br />He uses a computer game as an analogy (\\"The Game of Life\\" by mathematician John Conway) to explain how life can evolve spontaneously.  You might ask \\"where did the computer come from?  And, who generated the programming?  You might ask the same thing about the universe. I find the concept of Pantheism significantly more palatable.<br /><br />\\"The Grand Design\\" covers several critical areas of particle physics and cosmology in reasonable fashion for such a short book.  It's a great primer for anyone interested but new to the topic.  I particularly like his take on the two-slit experiment.  And brief overviews of the anthropic principle and M Theory are also well presented.
B0021L8V1Q|3.0|This sequel started out weird with Tony Stark drunk, funky, carelessness. Wasn't particularly engaging until 1/3 way into the story.  Action is cool and blu-ray picture is sharp.  The audio decoded has decent surround balance.    Toward the end, the action certainly became louder if you had the sound up high already. It was our first time seeing the movie on blu-ray, and the sequence on Full HD (1080p) plasma display did not disappoint.  However, we did get the feeling of transformer with so many robots and iron suits that can transform..    All in all,not much depth to the story. Just good action flick for home collectors to justify the extra money you poured in to your HDTV flat panel with higher frequency, as well as your surround speaker.  Although I still think Transformer movies and Star Trek had much better surround sound decoding...
B00003CXC7|5.0|Rear Window is a classic and must see for Hitchcock fans. This DVD was in great condition and our members enjoyed the film very much.
B001AVCFK6|5.0|The movie is superb in every way - taking an endearing sci-fi that we all can look forward to as our future, and give it a 21st century update with special effects and actions. But never lost was the focus of the main characters coming together in an alternate-but-parallel universe. It's brilliantly written to keep the prime time-line Star Trek universe intact as we all know it, while start anew with the characters we love. The first ten minutes opening scene is the most powerful I can ever recall for a movie. It's on par with the opening of Saving Private Ryan, but replacing the cold war chills with warm/touchy human emotions that every couple can feel and never want to happen.    The movie on the blu-ray has superb picture quality. The graphics are realistic. The sound of the star ships going into warp with BOOM was felt strongly on my 5.1 mid-range Klipsch speakers. The phaser firing everywhere on Narada had my boys ducking for cover, and I felt what seemed to be a muffed bullet coming out of the gun barrel follow by the high pitch of phase was just awesome.    The featurettes on the discs are very insightful and fun. My kids love to explore the Enterprise and Narada from different angles. As a casual Star Trek fan (but a big fan of the franchise nonetheless), I enjoyed the narration from JJ Abrams and the writers, on their philosophy of keeping true with Star Trek, but yet incorporate Star War'ish appeal to capture greater general audience.    I bought mine set of 3 discs with the Enterprise case that was Target exclusive. The 3 discs (one is digital copy that is no longer offered) are the same as what's in this standard blu-ray package.  It is worthy of being in anyone's blu-ray collection, especially at less than $20.
B000FGGE7C|1.0|Lucky that I only paid for $3, otherwise it is a waste of money.  I can't even watch it for 15 minutes.  Video quality is a lot worst then VHS.  After 15 minutes of watching it, the blu-ray and the cover art went to the trash can, I only keep the case.<br /><br />Worst movie I've watched in the last 20 years
B001GZ6QEC|5.0|I'm not a fan of keep remaking batman and joker all the time, but this version of Joker is one of the most brutal villain I've seen in a super hero film.  And of course the entire story is dark. I'm not a fan of Hollywood producing too many of these, but nonetheless it's a masterpiece.    The picture is sharp in Full HD 1080p on a plasma TV.  The surround sound decoded nicely.  The extra features are good to give insight. I LOLed looking at the super-sized film reel for the HD recording!    Bought it on Amazon during sale. Can't beat the price and a can't miss collector item for enjoying the home theater experience.
B0041OOJNU|4.0|Shakira is back, after a mediocre album (She-Wolf), and goes back to her roots. This is the album that should've been the follow-up to Fijacion Oral Vol. 1.     This album is much more upbeat and covering various themes in songs. She uses merengue styles in songs as Loca, Rabiosa and Addicted to You, which make them even fun and give them a genuine carribean feel. Her ballads are great as well, such as \\"Antes de las Seis\\" and \\"Lo Que Mas\\". The album is easy to listen to, as it is well sequenced, balancing upbeat songs with ballads. The only significant negative is the various versions of songs (two versions each of Loca, Rabiosa, and Waka Waka), and they don't contribute anything additional, just lyrical translation. The great writing is there, the music is there, but there is just something small missing that does not allow it to be a genuine \\"Shakira\\" album. The first half of the album is definitely better than the second, and alone it could've stood as an excellent album. The last two actual songs, \\"Islands\\" and \\"Tu Boca\\", could've been worked on more, or removed altogether.    Overall, the album has something for everybody. It is a great album, even if it doesn't quite live up to Shakira's previous works. I think Shakira just needs to dig a little deeper to find and make what made Fijacion Oral Vol.1 such a complete and utterly beautiful album. But, Sale El Sol stands as a great album, with a mix of eclectic songs, beautifully written, and should satisfy all listeners alike.       Listen to:    Antes de las Seis  Lo Que Mas  Mariposas  Rabiosa
B003ZDZ22U|5.0|Rarely do you find a TV series where practically every episode showcases a new song, and the song goes from good to darn good. Just look at at the album for season 1 and 2. #1 Album straight to the top. Anyone at any age love the light hearted comedy/sitcom in the spirit in the likes of \\"I Love Lucy\\" would love Hannah Montana the TV show. But adding cute/fun songs in seasons 1 and 2 for teenagers, to more mature songs with of the movie, and seasons 3 and 4, it's a series for the ages. Perhaps Disney can continue the Miley show as sitcom in the ABC network.    Season 4 reflects a lot on Miley's personal experience. While not in tune with 6 to 14 years old, but certainly fits for 15 and up to adults of all ages.  There are few songs like \\"Are You Ready\\", \\"Kiss It Goodbye\\", \\"BareFoot Cinderella\\", \\"I'm Still Good\\", and \\"Que Sera\\" are very Hannah Montana'ish, fit for young teenagers.    There is also the daring try at Reggae for the song \\"Gonna Get This.\\" Iyza certain helped in validating it. It was weird at first but really grown on me. My 7 year old doesn't like it however, just like the kids in the focus group in the episode \\"Gonna Get This.\\"  But as a POP song, it should be on the Billboard.    The songs that touched so many military families and compassionate people alike are \\"Been here All Along\\" and \\"I'm Still Good\\". These are simply heart-felt songs. You could tell the sincerity in the Bill Ray and Miley in the episode \\"Been Here All Along.\\"    Then there are those Ballads that sure to show up often on radio airwaves.  \\"Need a Little Love,\\"  \\"I'll Always Remember You\\" are better than most adult contemporary songs. And then there is \\"Love That Lets Go\\".  A beautiful song with profound meanings for those that had to let (ill and dying) loves one go, at least with the shortened version in the episode \\"Love That Lets Go\\" suggests.  However, for the full song in the soundtrack, the lyric that was omitted from the song suggest parents having trouble dealing with letting their grown up child go on their own.    All in all, a wonderful album with a mixture of songs for young teens to adults. Many are better than current top 10 hits in the respective genres.  You don't have to be a teenager to like it. Few of the songs should climb the adult contemporary charts, if Disney wishes to put some effort into promotion beyond Disney channel and Disney radio network.
B003EYVXSW|5.0|It cannot be said enough, whether in film or books, that experimenting with certain aspects of Mother Nature can produce catastrophic problems with unconscionable consequences. So enter \\"Splice\\" into that select pantheon of stories that provoke life-altering, ethical consideration with a loud, clanging warning.<br /><br />I don't much care for Adrien Brody as an actor, didn't know Sarah Polley, but did recognize the Monster element from [[ASIN:1897093519 Frankenstein (Qualitas Classics)]] and was thus hooked. In fact, it's the tailed creature shown in promos which drew me to the film in the first place. You know humans have the physical structure to have had a tail at one point. That tail develops into an interesting part of the creature's anatomy, plus its bird-like physiognomy and its amphibious lungs. Evolution compacted into one beautiful creature.<br /><br />Yet, every time, whether on the page or in celluloid, let someone experiment with the human element and see what you get. Every time. As one who had taught \\"Frankenstein\\" in high school English classes, I was pulled into viewing the film despite potential silliness often wrought in such films. Instead, I was absolutely mesmerized, so much so, that after the film ended--very open-ended, I might add--I watched again and picked up nuances I missed the first time.<br /><br />So, what was so mesmerizing? The idea of splicing human DNA with animal DNA? Enter Dr. Moreau and his entourage of misshapened critters. How about re-animating a creature with component human parts? Yes, Mary Shelley told us about those problems and the pathos of the creature who merely craves acceptance and love. Or Robin Cook's half-human, half-monkey in [[ASIN:0425161242 Chromosome 6]] with the brain to speak and think and feel, but physiognomy that required being locked out of sight. However, the Greeks warned us extensively about hubris--that pointedly selfish human element that permeates and poisons human history, both individually and collectively. All these problems merge and re-emerge in \\"Splice.\\"<br /><br />Elsa, half of this couple, both in the lab and in the bedroom, and Clive, her partner, have produced blobs with the potential of using the DNA proteins of future genetic experiments (new creatures with human DNA) to correct human ills, like MS, cancer, and the like. The pharmaceutical company that underwrites their expenses encourages them to do so. However, the grossly effective scene in which Fred and Ginger (the DNA \\"monsters\\") horrifies their scientific audience by engaging, not in paramour, but in vicious, to-the-death battle, sets up the second half of the story. Although this scene, protested by some as unnecessary, is, indeed, required because it provides important foreshadowing in horrific plot development to come. Unequivocably.<br /><br />And so we have \\"Splice,\\" not simply an entertainment, but a violent commentary on going beyond, eating that denied fruit of the untouchable tree--and, of course, it is the woman who violates all protocol to create something new. Once she breaks the rules--all sorts of rules: common sense, ethical, scientific, religious--there is no going back, no undoing. Oh, yes, excuse me. Clive does try to kill their creation. Yet, once this new species lives, he will, inevitably, step beyond another boundary and taste completely this new fruit. Consequences? Just as in the biblical story: No more garden, no more eternal life, then just problems, problems, and more problems.<br /><br />Remember [[ASIN:B00003CXA0 Fatal Attraction (Special Collector's Edition)]] and all the dialog that resulted for weeks and weeks afterward? \\"Splice\\" is definitely one of those films.<br /><br />(Note: Really surprising is how good the animation is. In fact, the creature early on looks so real that I kept looking for some clue as to technique, some little slip to show the creature was indeed not real. Nothing looks phony or tacky. The creature's realism lends serious credenceto the plot and the film as a serious entity.)
B001TOD92C|5.0|Slow moving drama about an aged wrestler whos trying to fix his life and re-connect with his daughter and make a big comeback late in his career.  If youre into movies about people finding themselves and looking for love and acception from family, friends and society this is for you.  Outstanding cast and outstanding acting and storyline.  Mickey Rourke is great in this movie.  He has proven that he can still act.  I didnt think it would be that good of a movie, but I was wrong.  Great acting, great actors and a pretty moving story.<br />Oh and Marissa Tomei looks great!
B003YBNRHU|5.0|Haven't looked at DVD yet but the CD is great and a very good addition to one's Doobies' collection.  Don't hesitate to pick this one up and enjoy it.  I think Tom Johnston and Pat Simmons are right at the top of their game.  For me the token role of Michael McDonald is perfect, since to me The Doobies are Tom and Pat with the rest.  Now on to looking at the DVD - an extra goodie when the CD is already worth the price.  Enjoy folks!
0312600844|4.0|I found this book quite an easy read & I rarely found it boring or a hard slog......     Perhaps there were just a few too many home truths in it for over-consuming Americans (& the West in general)?      Perhaps the world really can fit another two or three billion people into it over the next couple of decades alongside the rampantly growing number of middle-class consumers of Chinese & Indians ?    I wouldnt be betting my grandchildrens future on it......
B0031ED20M|3.0|An uneven collection of tales set in Ford County, Mississippi.  Though Grisham's writing is as engaging as ever, the stories range from meandering to moving.  On the plus side is Fish Files, a story about a middle-aged lawyer who examines his life and decides there must be more to it than helping people with bankruptcies and divorces.  Also very emotional is Grisham's telling of when AIDS came to rural Mississippi in Funny Boy.  On the negative side is Blood Drive, a mindless tail of three travelers who choose women and booze over saving a man's life, and Michael's Room, an unrealistic cautionary warning to heartless lawyers.  The gems are wonderful, but there is plenty of fool's gold to be found.
B00008L3U1|4.0|Robin Williams is one of my favorite actors/comedians and has played in some amazing movies. Jack is a story about a boy that has a aging disease. Every year he is alive he ages about 4 years or so. Jack realizes at the age of 10 that he's tired of being home-schooled and wants to go to school so he can interact with other kids his age and make friends. Only problem is that he looks like a 40 year old man. I remember seeing this movie when it first came out and I loved it back then and I still think it's a great movie. It's shows how precious your time on this earth can be. Jack never had the chance to experience the full life he was meant to have. By the time he graduated he was almost 70 years old. Jack is a fun and touching ride throughout and I recommend this movie to everyone.
B00005N6KG|5.0|I love these headphones. Earbuds fall out of my ears or make them feel plugged. These are hardly noticable.
0553805371|3.0|I expected a better book. It was too sketchy and superficial with regard to the science. More depth would have improved the the authors' explanations. The historical aspects were good.
B003W5C0VM|5.0|I am glad the Stones camp finally decided to officially release this movie.  I bought the Blu-Ray version and was not disappointed.  Sure, the picture quality isn't pristene, and the sound is not absolutely perfect.  But for sure the sound is better than any bootleg I've ever heard of the 72/73 tour which makes this disc a must if not just for the audio.  In the \\"extras,\\" Jagger alludes to the Stones camp owning the copyright on the movie(?)so I hope they do the right thing and release this as a cd offering as well.  And for that matter, there must be bucket loads of concert recordings that should be released! Maybe the time has finally come with all of the nice releases recently?      Anyway, buy the Blu-Ray version of this disc.  The DTS soundtrack sounded pretty good to me considering the master is almost 40 years old.  I especially like the mix of the horns and piano in some songs.  And I'm not sure about all of the other reviews about MT's guitar being lost in the mix.  In the Blu-Ray DTS track it sounded just perfect to me.
B0032JTV6U|4.0|Stellar first season for this new musical-comedy show. It has its up and downs. Good characters and bad. But overall, an awesome show, especially if you like when people break out into song. Only fault with the product was I'd like more special features, including some audio commentaries.
B003EYVY04|5.0|I like many Harry Potter fans are very displeased with Warner Brothers, Remember back when the Harry Potter movies were released on Ultimate Edition, well as you will recall Harry Potter Years 1 and 2 (Sorcer's Stone and Chamber of Secretes) the extended TV cut (that is shown on ABC Family/ Freeform) was officially released on DVD...but what happened to the Extended TV Cuts of years 3 - 7? When they were released on the Ultimate Editions years 3 - 7 were the same thing that was released the first time. Why ruin a good thing....and yes the extended cuts of the films do exist, because they are aired on Freeform, for example in Prisoner of Azkaban, there is the extended scene with Hagrid and the Bird. and then there is the scene where sir cadogan is the new Griffendore password picture, here are pics from the extended cut from freeform to prove that the extended versions exist. I would like to know why warner brothers decided to not include the extended cuts of years 3 - 7....it is time that they give us an explanation
B003PIUC02|5.0|This series is awesome.  The first episode is terrible, so I understand the bad reviews from people who say that is all they watched, but if you stick with it and don't mind tons of over-the-top violence, sex, and nudity, then you're in for a treat.  What makes the show really good is that the writing is actually very clever.  You'll see what I mean if you stick it out and watch the whole season. I also got to like the fact that the characters mostly exist in gray areas, rather than good or bad, so for the most part I could find myself rooting for a character in one episode and hating him or her in the next.  This made it very interesting.  Anyway, it's definitely a guilty pleasure, completely over the top sort of affair, but gosh dang it is entertaining!
0756665949|3.0|I'm a huge fan of the show and was quite excited about this reference. After reading it, I'm still excited if a bit let down by one issue. The numerous editing errors detract from the encyclopedia's authority and muddle the experience. Don't forget to proofread!
0060775858|5.0|Goodnight Moon was a favorite in our house for many years. The book works it's way perfectly towards sleepy time. Children learn to recite the lines and love looking for the little hidden mouse on each page. I give this book to every new parent I know. It's always a hit!
B001EOOQEM|5.0|If you have never heard of black sabbath than this should be your first album to buy ! The first album with Dio it may have been there best.
0374158460|3.0|A common scenario: One group says it's a masterpiece. The other group says it's a shocker.  As usual, the real truth lies somewhere in between.  I found it to be quite entertaining. But a masterpiece?  No.  Book blurbs and media hype can be so silly, and so can the extreme groups saying it's the worst book ever.  The the book's true rating would be 7/10.  (At half way through reading).  Later...  I finished the book, and bumped the rating to 8/10.     I wonder how much of the author was in the Walter character, obsessed with the environment, hating Bush, organised religion, and also hating cats for that matter.   He was a cranky, opinionated, sometimes weak, character.  But dedicated to the causes that concerned him.
B0041OOJNU|4.0|\\"Sale El Sol\\" is the follow-up to last years \\"She Wolf\\" by Shakira and is, for the most part, an all Spanish affair. Opening is the sunny quivering title track which translates to \\"The sun cones out\\", followed by the horn-driven Merengue \\"Loca\\" (\\"I'm crazy but you like it\\") featuring UK rapper Dizzee Rascal and done in English. It appears again in a Spanish version featuring El Cata.<br /><br />The vibe throughout the album is relaxed and easy, with other standouts being \\"Gordita\\" featuring Reggaeton star Residente Calle 13 and mariachi horns, the addictive bilingual \\"Addicted To You\\", the passionate piano ballad \\"Le Que M&aacute;s\\", the triumphant \\"Rabiosa\\" featuring the ubiquitous Pitbull appearing again in a Spanish version with El Cata, \\"Devoci&oacute;n\\" with chiming and tumbling guitars, and the jangly indie rocker \\"Tu Boca\\". Also included is her World Cup anthem \\"Waka Waka\\" in a clubbier \\"K Mix\\" in English and Spanish. Not quite the same without the African feel and South African band Freshly Ground but still a mover.<br /><br />Shakira is back with hips that don't lie and will have you shaking yours.
B0040YFR1Y|4.0|The Predator franchise hasn't had nearly as much exposure as the Alien franchise has: namely one lame sequel followed by two even lamer tie-in's with the Alien franchise.  Well, here we are with Predators, produced by the grat Robert Rodriguez and based on a script he originally wrote int he 90s.  Rejoice fans, because we finally have another Predator film that manages to stand the same ground as the original Arnold Schwarzenegger vehicle.  Adrien Brody plays one of the human killers picked and placed on a game reserve for the vicious Predators to hunt and kill, leading to some bloody action, pulpy dialogue, and an overly satisfying delivery as well.  Alice Braga, Topher Grace, Laurence Fishburne, Danny Trejo, and The Shield's Walt Goggins are along for the ride as well; all of which wind up making their mark in one form or another, as the film rollicks towards a nice enough twist and a somewhat predictable ending.  Still, Predators is a pure blast and the film that fans of the franchise have been hoping and waiting for, and here's hoping that there's more good things to come from the franchise.
B003YOMNCM|4.0|I am a great fan of Hilary Hahn. This is on a par with all her other works.  As usual though, Side \\"B\\" the Tchaikovsky, is better than the Higdon.
0920668372|5.0|I read this book numerous times to my children and it was one of their favorites. I could never get all the way through it without getting choked up which caused no end of amusement for my little ones. This book is so sweet and so very true I recommend it to all parents. Now that my children are young adults it is especially poignant. This book is a keeper.
B003UERZ88|4.0|Great new album, reminds me of old priest. Classic metal at its best, not as good as halfords first two records but still a kick ass metal album.
0312370849|5.0|This was the first book my book club read and everyone LOVED it. It was sad, yet enlightening and a good tribute to the Jewish families that suffered from the tragedy that this book focuses on. The quality was true to the explanation and it seemed brand new to me! thank you!
B003YK42LQ|5.0|One will be hard pressed to find another \\"Sex On Fire\\" or \\"Use Somebody\\" on Kings Of Leon's new CD \\"Come Around Sundown\\". This time around, the sound is more ambient, widescreen and experimental, which should please those (like me) who loved tracks like the woozy \\"Closer\\" or the Bluesy \\"I Want You\\" off the multi-million selling \\"Only By The Night\\".<br /><br />The album opens oddly enough with a song titled \\"The End\\", a woozy affair awash in psychedelic guitars and one of the strongest cuts. Lead-off single \\"Radioactive\\" is all fuzzy and jangly reminding one of U2. The catchy \\"Mary\\" has a layered harmony and guitar wall of sound, very Phil Spector-ish.<br /><br />I absolutely love this album. \\"The Face\\" is a brilliant melodramatic ballad with Caleb Followill's lusty vocals tearing away at your heart. From the echoey \\"The Immortals\\" which is a head rush, the Country-tinged \\"Back Down South\\", the quivering \\"Beach Side\\" with a quirky bounce, the groovy \\"Pony Up\\" with syncopated beats, to the chugging \\"Mi Amigo\\" (\\"I've got a friend, shows me all the good times, tells me when I've been better, chews me up spits me out, and then watch my eyes hold, he sings a song when I'm gone gone gone\\"), everything is a winner!<br /><br />Bustling with prowling basslines and superb details, this is a towering achievement.
B003XWEQ1G|3.0|Russell Crowe stars as the titular vigilante hero in Ridley Scott's take on Robin Hood, which for all intents and purposes isn't bad one bit, but isn't anything special either, and if anything comes off as being a 12th century Gladiator.  Instead of being the typical Robin Hood story, Scott's take on Robin Hood is an origin story of sorts, as soldier Robin Longstride (Crowe) returns home after his time in the crusades under King Richard (Danny Huston), and pulls a bit of identity theft as he is weaved into a Nottingham family (Cate Blanchett is the widow Marion, and Max Von Sydow her blind father-in-law) and begins to oppose King John (Oscar Isaacs), but not before a plot by the French to usurp the throne rears its head.  One thing I do like about this new take on Robin Hood is that it isn't the same old story of Robin fighting the Sheriff and stealing from the rich to give to the poor, but instead the film attempts to tie itself into actual history, in this case being the Magna Carta.  However, while visually impressive, the film still feels somewhat shallow in its storytelling and overall delivery.  By the time the credits start rolling and it becomes painfully obvious that more Robin Hood adventures could be well on the way, the final feeling that the viewer is left with is the equivalent of being \\"okay...is that it?\\".  Still though, Robin Hood isn't bad, and is worth seeing for Ridley Scott fans who enjoy the director's unique visual flair, but other than that, there isn't really much here to recommend.
0060527978|5.0|Came on time and like it said in great condition,wouldn't mind purchasing from them again.
B00005YUPO|1.0|i got this for my 5.5 mo daughter at the suggestion of a cousin. maybe i had high expectations based on the reviews, and the fact that i love classical music, but i don't really get the attraction. my daughter was bored pretty quickly. we'll give it one more try when she's a little older but i think it'll end up in the \\"donate\\" bin by the end of the year...
B003YFIUW8|5.0|When I started reading this book it haunted my thoughts. Im glad I did though, it was an eye opening look into what were capable of recovering from.
0316077054|5.0|I absolutely loved returning to Gatlin County in Beautiful Darkness. The cover sets the perfect tone for what is revealed within it's pages. It's beautiful, haunting, twisty and I found myself a lot more emotionally invested in this wondeful sequel.<br /><br />Kami & Margie have this unique talent for making me feel like I'm apart of Ethan and Lena's world. Whether that be searching the Castor tunnels, in the caves and the forest that are apart of Gatlin county, the Caster world in which Ethan is introduced to, the Gatlin Library or at their homes. No matter where the setting took me too, I felt I was there. The descriptions are so rich in detail and so vivid, that I'm completely swept up into the pages of Beautiful Darkness, more so than I was with Beautiful Creatures.<br /><br />Can Ethan get any more perfect? I know, it's wrong of me to use the word perfect right?! Ethan's love for Lena spans their families interwoven history, and is Lena's life line. Like many sequels, this one is a character journey for Lena. She has a choice to make and though she had me so emotional ticked off at her for part of the book, I understood her dilemma and admired Ethan's, \\"I'll go to the ends of the earth for you\\" determination. Ethan will not lose the girl he loves, no matter what the cost. In learning more about the Caster world and what Ethan and Lena are really up against, I was able to understand Lena more and really grasp the risk Ethan takes in trying to help her.<br /><br />The characters- I really enjoyed getting to know Liv, who has a talent that I will not giveaway, but that's just say her character surprised me. I mean that in a good way. I adored Link even more so in Beautiful Darkness. He's such a great best friend to Ethan! I loved his character in Beautiful Creatures, but I find him even more humorous in Beautiful Darkness. He's humor always came at just the right moments. I was fascinated by Ethan's Great Aunts in Beautiful Creatures, but now I completely adore their characters! Amma is the same old lovable, stubborn character she was before. Just wait till you met the new bad boy! I won't say anything else.... there's more to him than we get to read about in Beautiful Darkness.<br /><br />Beautiful Darkness is truly a well written sequel. There's nothing I would change about it. I loved it, as I was so emotionally charged while reading it. There's mystery, love, suspense, and more in Beautiful Darkness. Now that my questions I had at the end of Beautiful Creatures are answered, I'm eagerly awaiting the next book for my latest questions to be answered. If you need a fascinating story to get lost in, go PICK UP Beautiful Darkness!eir characters! Amma is the same old lovable, stubborn character she was before. Just wait till you met the new bad boy! I won't say anything else.... there's more to him than we get to read about in Beautiful Darkness.<br /><br />Beautiful Darkness is truly a well written sequel. There's nothing I would change about it. I loved it, as I was so emotionally charged while reading it. There's mystery, love, suspense, and more in Beautiful Darkness. Now that my questions I had at the end of Beautiful Creatures are answered, I'm eagerly awaiting the next book for my latest questions to be answered. If you need a fascinating story to get lost in, go PICK UP Beautiful Darkness!
B00003OSSL|5.0|Another one of my favorite Harrison Ford movies.  I rented this movie so many times that I decided to purchase it.
B003YK42LQ|3.0|\\"Come Around Sundown\\" is a solid album by Kings of Leon.<br />But as I finished listening to it the first time, I was very underwhelmed..<br />It didn't have the creative edge of \\"Because of the Times\\" or the mainstream hook goodness that was \\"Only By The Night\\". (I am disregarding their first two albums because that band is kinda gone...)<br />It struck me that the band had really tried to mold these 2 sounds together..the old Critically acclaimed sound of 2007 with the Popular unavoidable radio hits of 2008/2009.<br />It doesn't really work out..<br />The final sound is a very mellow (dare I say bland) collection of 13 songs with no real edge or anything interesting to reel the listener in.<br />Their attempts at a hookier sound (Radioactive, The End) left me kind of cold...I felt those songs never really reached their peak I thought they would.<br />If I hadn't have given the album a second or third chance, I would have probably ditched it after my first listen.<br />But it sounded like a decent album and after multiple listens, I grew to appreciate most of the music.<br />So in saying that, a lot of people comparing this to their previous release will probably be thoroughly disappointed after the first listen and trash this album here, but I tried to get the most perspective I could on this album before I shared my thoughts.<br />\\"The End\\" is probably the only radio friendly song they can squeeze out of this album, which is fine by me because anyone near a radio or television in 2008 and 2009 could NOT escape \\"Sex on Fire\\" or \\"Use Somebody\\"!<br />Thinking the band would revert to their \\"Because of the Times\\" sound was obviously misinformed, once finishing the album.<br />I couldn't even compare it to \\"Only By The Night\\" because the hooky sound they had then is pretty absent this time around.<br />I am looking forward to their next album because I have a good feeling they will come back with a vengeance with the sound they attempted to create for this album, but didn't really achieve.<br /><br />OH and if you are considering getting the 2-disc deluxe version...don't! Unless you are a hardcore fan! The cardboard packaging may seem appealing, but its flimsy and the bonus (cash grubbing) disc of 3 pittance songs is definitely not worth it. (maybe the Closer remix, but just download it on iTunes!)<br /><br />My favorite songs on the album are:<br />Pyro<br />The End (just..)<br />Mary<br />The Face<br />Birthday<br />Mi Amigo<br />Pickup Truck (probably the best on the album!)ing getting the 2-disc deluxe version...don't! Unless you are a hardcore fan! The cardboard packaging may seem appealing, but its flimsy and the bonus (cash grubbing) disc of 3 pittance songs is definitely not worth it. (maybe the Closer remix, but just download it on iTunes!)    My favorite songs on the album are:   Pyro  The End (just..)  Mary  The Face  Birthday  Mi Amigo  Pickup Truck (probably the best on the album!)
0439023521|5.0|This was just spectacular. I'm speechless...  Brutal, raw, emotional. The world Suzanne Collins created is so magically scary that I couldn't put down the book as I was more and more involved in the story and enchanted by the beautiful writing. The characters are developed to the full; the scenes are described magnificently. I felt I was in that arena, watching the fightings, the killings and all the drama.  How on earth does someone come up with such an idea for a book I don't know, but God Bless.  I was fortunate enough to start reading the book when the following two installments were already out, because otherwise I don't know how I would have waited.
145283668X|4.0|I always thought I knew this story just because the idea of having a dual personality is an idea with which a lot of us can relate.  I knew that the story was about a doctor who made some potion of sorts that turned him into an unscrupulous man.  But there were several things that I learned from taking the short amount of time to read this story.  I did not know that the story of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde was being told in the aftermath of the confusion of it all.  I discovered that there were deep of emotions and grief tied to Dr. Jekyll's decisions and actions.  I also learned that Hyde was the complete picture of the devil on our shoulder.  So for knowing what the book was about, I was missing key pieces that I found delighting to discover while reading it for myself.  I would recommend it.  I have the Cricket House Books publication of it myself.[[ASIN:145283668X The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde]]  It is compact and was easy to carry along in my purse.
B000HEWEE4|4.0|Ladies, if you have a hard time getting your boyfriend/husband to sit with you and enjoy a romantic movie, this gem may just do the trick.<br /><br />This story starts out simple enough, but before long you start to realise that the Lake House has a time-looped mailed box. The time loop is about 2 years. But understanding how the mail box works will be the key to them ultimately meeting and enjoying a long term relationship.<br /><br />The film carries a melancoly feel to it, where, their relationship continues to be just beyond their grasp all the time. Eventually when all seems to be lost, the mail box must be used in a last ditch effort to save the relationship. It is a brilliant story with a glorious ending.
0743455967|5.0|As a new  writer, I found this book to be the best tool I have found to date.  Every thing I read made sense and it was an easy delightful read.  I have read extensively all of my life, and horror is not one of my fortes, but Stephen King is a wonderful writer and was willing to pass on so much knowledge that it  was breathtaking.  I was born with a speech defect that was not corrected until I was a senior in high school so I have had a love/heat affair with words and he helped me realize how great words on paper really are.  Thank you, Stephen King.
B0032JTV6U|5.0|Glee is one of the coolest shows ever....If you ever watched \\"Popular\\", this is just like it but with the music. The DVD is really cool, it's got all the episodes plus karaoke and other extra features...A must have for fans!
B003J7HOKU|4.0|When I first listened to this album I could immediately tell that the production on this cd was more raw and natural. Parkway Drive already have made two wonderful metalcore records and I never thought they would be able to top them. The truth is they came pretty damn close to making one of the most real sounding metal albums I have heard in a long time. I highly recommend this album if you like your music to have lots of breakdowns.
1601251505|5.0|Before commiting a huge amount of money into the 4th edition of the world's most popular role playing game check this out.  If you already have an investment in 3.0/3.5 do yourself a favor and opt for Pathfinder.  This is the same game you are used to without the sweeping changes that made everything you know obsolete with 4.0.  The rules changes that have been made in Pathfinder improve game play and make the overall experience better.  Very well laid out and thought out changes to the 3.0/3.5 rules sets.  Not an entirely new game that is totally different from what you already know.  Kudos to Paizo for their brilliant redesign of the world's most popular game.  Who knows......  It may have a new name now.....  Pathfinder is kinda catchy and..... well..... better!
1597801585|4.0|While the author created a real and believable world the plot was a bit slow and convoluted. Good read, just took a while to get through it.
B000Y7U98W|3.0|This is an excellent and underrated sci-fi film. Unfortunately, a VERY problematic issue has arisen recently with blu-ray technology that MUST be addressed. This applies to, from what I understand, several if not all Sony blu ray players (including my PS3). I understand the problem arose with the PS3 when one of the most recent updates was applied that provided support for 3D technology.<br /><br />Anyways, what happened is a special picture in picture viewing mode that provides behind the scenes info while the movie is playing is being activated by default. Apparently, the only way to turn it off is if you have a \\"PiP\\" button available on your remote. Unfortunately all Sony blu-ray players do not to my knowledge, including my PS3.<br /><br />20th Century Fox needs to get with Sony and devise a solution for this. In the meantime, it has rendered many owners with definitely not what they paid for!<br /><br />More info here: http://www.amazon.com/PIP-on-Sunshine-BD/forum/Fx2AZHHSO12MT8J/TxCIUG32M7T1WA
B001KVZ6G6|5.0|The quality of this transfer is exceptional. Crystal clear digital format with crisp colors and rich sound. The four disc pack is a nice touch. I've watched it several times and will watch many more.
0441009425|3.0|I love huge starships like the Nostalgia for Infinity.  I love big, planet-crushing weapons.  I love not knowing who to root for until later in the story.  In short, I love space opera.    However, the one thing that I NEED is at least one major character to root for and empathize with.  This book has none.  Some would argue Khouri is this character, but even she is pretty icy cold when it comes down to it.  Sylveste and Volyova are bastard and bitch, respectively.  I just didn't really like anyone.  This, in turn, made me not really care what happened to any character whatsoever.    I RARELY abandon a book before finishing, but Revelation Space was one of them.  And it's ironic because I quit about 2/3 into the book, just as the real \\"action\\" was beginning.  I just couldn't wait to get done with this book and start on George RR Martin's Game of Thrones.  That's when I realized that I had relegated finishing this book to being a chore I needed to complete before getting to something I enjoy.  It was time to stop.    You need characters to root for.  The first 50 pages (so far) of Game of Thrones has been so refreshing after Revelation Space.  If you want to stay sci-fi, I'd recommend anything Peter F. Hamilton over this book.  The prose isn't gonna win any awards, but it's great space opera with great characters.    I would only recommend this book to people who also like Iain Banks.  His culture novels are very similar in that almost every character is cold and calculating. You never know if you want to root for the Culture or those seeking to destroy it.  It can be fascinating, but ultimately frustrating.    The prose is very intelligent, though.
B001MYIXAW|4.0|There are 2 types of vampire movies I enjoy:  1) The (close to) classic 'Count Dracula' type  and 2) Any other that is not in the 'Twilight Saga' mold.  \\"Let the Right One In\\" fits both, with a couple of slight twists.  The pacing of this movie is a bit slow, but not unbearable.  There is not much use of special effects, but what is there, is done very well -- to add to the shock value of a few great scenes.  Be prepared to feel a bit uneasy with the new/different ideas of classic vampire story pieces, though.  It's a great movie; tragic like many good vampire tales...
B001EN71CW|5.0|This is a wonderful series.......good story line great characters I just don't understand why it was discontinued
B00009W0U4|1.0|First off,let me start by saying im a HUGE horror/torture/exploitation movie fan. I own a big library of these films on dvd and jugde them for the intertainment they are,not the impact of certain scenes. That being said this movie in my opinion is utterly trash. The violence other reviews talk about is not as grusome or gory as seen in other films(look at any film by lucio fulci and thisll pale in comparison), the revenge part couldve been way better,the 10 min rape scene is nothing to write home about either. it was rather boring to watch and i just sat through it to see what all the fuss was about (yawns). the ONLY possitive side to this whole crap fest is seeing monica belluci nude in a few scenes,and the dress she wares in the rape scene looks hot on her,thats it. glad i rented this on amazon and didnt buy it because i wouldve been real pissed. the later half of the movie,after the rape is so slow and boring i fast forward it to the end just to get through it. save your money,your patience and 2 hrs of your life and skip this one,watch i spit on your grave, much better movie, better revenge, better gore, better rape scene. i would give it 0 stars if amazon would let me.
B002JVWQSW|5.0|It's easy to see why this show is so popular, but it makes you realize how really bad most TV shows are.  There is so much going on in each episode that it retains its freshness even when you've seen the episode before.
B003EYVXSW|4.0|*May contain spoilers*<br /><br />I'm still reeling from this movie.  What started out as an interesting plot and wonderful characters, took a deranged turn in the last 1/3 of the movie that I just couldn't stomach.  In fact, I think my first word to describe it was \\"brutal\\".<br /><br />Two scientists, Elsa (Sarah Polley) and Clive (Adrien Brody) have done a great job splicing together different animal DNAs to create a creature that gives off healing proteins.  Inspired by their work, they want to take it to the next level and splice human DNA in as well.  The problem is the pharmaceutical company they work for would rather them synthesize the healing protein instead of continuing with their work.  In secret, they decide to continue on their own.<br /><br />What they create is like no other creature.  She forms at a rapid pace and develops to be very humanoid.  But she is not all human, she also has a stinger, wings, and can breathe underwater.  Despite all these dangerous attributes, the two scientists begin to treat her as a child and care for her as she matures rapidly.  They name her Dren (Delphine Chaneac).<br /><br />As Dren matures, several things start to go wrong.  They have to move her from the lab to a safer place, Elsa's deceased mother's farm.  Here Dren seems to turn a bit feral, eventually seducing and turning on the scientists as they try to figure out what to do with her.  However, they may just be too late as Dren proves to be very dangerous.<br /><br />The characters in this film were interesting for the most part.  Clive is somewhat boring but considering he does some pretty wild stuff in this film at other times, I'll forgive him that.  Elsa I would have liked a little more background on.  It was clear the director wanted us to know her childhood was not very great, but he didn't really explain why it was important or what exactly happened.  The clues he gave were vague at best.  And the most important character of all, Dren was vastly complex and most of the time, pretty creepy.  It was amazing to see her develop and change and have her own unique personality.  The movie did a good job of making her seem human like, but still have different feelings and emotions that don't compare to a humans.  There are other side characters in the movie of course, but none play so big a role as to really take interest in.<br /><br />The concept of the whole movie was great.  I'm sure the die hard scientist type people will find numerous flaws with the way the science was done, but not knowing much on that myself, it seemed believable to me.  They did a great job of showing these characters and the CGI was very well done.  There was a little bit of music in the movie but not enough to really make you notice it.<br /><br />Now on to the stuff that I just did not care for.  This movie was rated R, which surprised me as there was some pretty deranged stuff in this film.  There are a couple sex scenes (no parts showing but you definitely know what they're doing), a rape scene and some graphic killings.  Aside from the squeamish factor, this isn't a movie for kids at all.  Normally stuff like this doesn't bother me, but for some reason, this movie just upped the disturbing level of these scenes and I didn't care for it at all.<br /><br />An interesting movie and very well made.  Because its more my own hangups on some of the scenes that made me dislike the movie I'm rating it higher than I normally would with something that disturbed me so much.  I think that's the interesting aspect of the film though, its not often something I know to be fake gives me the ick factor.  This is a very unique take on sci-fi and most fans of the genre should love it, just be warned it is not for the squeamish.was amazing to see her develop and change and have her own unique personality.  The movie did a good job of making her seem human like, but still have different feelings and emotions that don't compare to a humans.  There are other side characters in the movie of course, but none play so big a role as to really take interest in.    The concept of the whole movie was great.  I'm sure the die hard scientist type people will find numerous flaws with the way the science was done, but not knowing much on that myself, it seemed believable to me.  They did a great job of showing these characters and the CGI was very well done.  There was a little bit of music in the movie but not enough to really make you notice it.    Now on to the stuff that I just did not care for.  This movie was rated R, which surprised me as there was some pretty deranged stuff in this film.  There are a couple sex scenes (no parts showing but you definitely know what they're doing), a rape scene and some graphic killings.  Aside from the squeamish factor, this isn't a movie for kids at all.  Normally stuff like this doesn't bother me, but for some reason, this movie just upped the disturbing level of these scenes and I didn't care for it at all.    An interesting movie and very well made.  Because its more my own hangups on some of the scenes that made me dislike the movie I'm rating it higher than I normally would with something that disturbed me so much.  I think that's the interesting aspect of the film though, its not often something I know to be fake gives me the ick factor.  This is a very unique take on sci-fi and most fans of the genre should love it, just be warned it is not for the squeamish.
B001CZVVW8|5.0|Tchaikovsky's Eugene Onegin is as Russian as they come - from an impeccable literary source (Pushkin), filled with all the classic situations of fatalistic romances, fabulous balls and a duel over a question of honour.  The Met's 2007 production, recorded for their HD-Live series, retains a strong underpinning in the casting and the sensitive conducting of the opera by Valery Gergiev that brings these elements brilliantly to the fore.    Perfectly in line with Tchaikovsky's original intentions, Robert Carsen's staging is straightforward and simple, the set uncluttered, with only the bare minimum of props required for the settings, while the all-important tone - primarily an emotional one - is set by the lighting and colouration of the stark backgrounds that tower over and enclose the performers.  It gives the opera a truly unique feel, one that is perfectly in tune with the emotional chords struck by the music and the libretto, a tone that is dominated by the interpretation of Onegin here - cold, austere and aloof, calculating even, certainly with a touch of arrogance, but carrying within himself his own torments, distancing himself from others in a remote and self-involved manner that doesn't take anyone else's feelings into account.    It's remarkable then how this chimes with Tchaikovsky's own personal circumstances at the time, unable to bear the gossip surrounding him over his sexuality, entering unadvisedly into a marriage for convenience where he is unable to offer anything more than \\"brotherly love\\".  Accordingly the music in Eugene Onegin is often as heartfelt and emotional as anything Tchaikovsky has composed, but with that customary detached, intellectualised translation of it into pure, precise musical terms.  Consequently, it's utterly gripping when converted into the drama of Onegin, involving the heart as much as the mind.    One couldn't ask for anything more out of the performers - the starkness of the sets allowing the audience to focus solely on the singing without distractions while the lighting supports the emotions and motivations lying behind them.  The singers meet the demands of the roles and the action admirably, Dmitri Hrovostovsky indeed presenting a fine cold, aloof figure in Onegin, contrasted with the fiery passions of Ramón Vargas's Lenski and the romantic purity of Renée Fleming's Tatiana.    On Blu-ray, the staging looks magnificent in its colouration and tones.  The audio is generally fine, but there are a few issues with microphone placements that don't give adequate presence to the voices, neither in the LPCM 2.0 or the DTS HD Master Audio 5.1, though this is only an occasional issue particularly in the first act of the opera.  A 16-minute Behind the Scenes featurette presents an interesting look at the rehearsals for the opera.  Overall, this is a strong presentation of a magnificent performance of a wonderful opera.
044654759X|4.0|Got the book fast and just in time to take it on vacation! Great condition!
0061801313|5.0|These books can be a guilty pleasure even for adults.  I have enjoyed the boxed set and I am asking for books 5+ for Christmas.
B003R0LBVW|1.0|This book was a complete waste of my time.  I saw it coming but I hung in there waiting...for something interesting to happen.  Nada.
1439181780|5.0|If you are searching for knowledge that will show the power all of us have within ourselves then this is the book for you.  Having read The Secret by Rhonda Byrne I knew that The Power had to be full of a lot of termendous, positive information that would enlighten the POWER from within.  I wasn't wrong.  Enjoy the book.
0061714372|4.0|Being the son of an estranged mother-father relationship, finding and rejecting religion while young, rebelling against everything and everybody, playing an instrument and forming a band, touring and conquering the world, behaving aggressively toward band mates and even loved ones, committing frequent drink and drug abuses and ending up being miserable until the point of going down in a hole, shake hands with the devil and then come back for redemption is the perfect equation for any rock star auto biography book out there. \\"Mustaine: A Heavy Metal Memoir\\" is unmistakably an addition to that genre.<br /><br />Maturity and better judgment comes with age for everybody, but the most curious - and admirable - thing Dave Mustaine tells in this book is about how religion really came to be in his life and how much faith and devotion is trusted and valued now. While most ex-band members seem to recognize their wrongdoings in the past and reinforce that family life - and only that - played vital role in their transformation, it is interesting to learn that Dave puts a considerable emphasis on Christianity and even refuses to have his acts linked with acts of questionable purity, although his work is not based on religion. For that, and just for that, what could be just one more predictable story line with a predictable ending, turns out to be a revealing and deeply personal self-portrait that is worth reading from start to finish.
0765328321|3.0|I haven't finished reading it yet, but i own the previous copy, so far there are little to no changes and its hard to see where it meshes with the latest game, disappointing but still a good read.
B00000IQW5|4.0|Yes, the film does have a few dumb moves in it, particularly the scene involving \\"the boys\\" washing up to greet \\"the girl\\" Holly Hunter in her new white dress. But that's a minor mis-step. This is a deeply moving and affecting film, never more so than when Hunter and Dreyfus are on screen together. It's also got some outstanding aviation footage, and some studio blue-screen work that defies you to see exactly how it was done, so authentic does it look (though the basic trick is simple; instead of going for big closeups to minimize the sky around the cockpit canopy, Spielberg opts to keep the camera far enough away that a good deal of the [process] sky is visible: result - it looks much more like they're really flying). The editing, as always in Spielberg, is absolutely flawless. Check out the scene where Dreyfus' character has to nurse a limping B-25 back to base, landing with bits of tree stuck to his undercarriage, or the scene where his plane looks like it's going to be okay and then suddenly -- it's gone, and he's dead. John Goodman's horrified reaction is what sells that scene; I still get caught up in the emotion of it. Or for emotion, watch the later scene where Holly Hunter, now working with ATC, talks to John Goodman about how she feels about Dreyfus' character's death. Minor Spielberg? No such thing. Spielberg has one of the strongest narrative gifts of any film-maker working today, and his technical mastery of his craft is unparalleled. Put those two together and almost anything he wants to film will be compelling watching. Because he works within the studio system; because he's a commercial hit (almost always); because he has made himself into a very successful film businessman; for all these reasons, Spielberg is often put down by critics, and a good number of discriminating viewers. They should think again. Not every film-maker can be a Renoir, or a Kurosawa, or a Bergman, but, neither do they need to be such. There is room for every kind and degree offilm-maker, and Spielberg's particular gifts are his alone, and shouldn't be put down, just because he doesn't come up to the critics' estimation of cinematic art. No artist ever always fired on all cylinders; there is also minor Bergman, and minor Kurosawa. This film may be minor Spielberg, but even so, it's a damn fine film, and well worth a spin. What it still doesn't have - in spite of the fact that Spielberg has said he likes the film to this day - is a good DVD presentation. Perhaps it will eventually be out on Blu-Ray. Until then, this non-anamorphic copy is all that's available. Myself, I'm still watching the VHS copy I got years ago, primarily because it was one of the few VHSs ever released in widescreen and stereo.
0525478183|5.0|Have you ever looked at someone and admired them from afar?  You think you know them and how they are, but then something happens and you realize you don't know jack about them?  Meet Quinton.  He and Margo Roth Spiegelman were friends when they were kids, but had definitely drifted apart by high school, despite the fact they lived next door to each other.    Quinton has a huge crush on Margo Roth Spiegelman (I totally love how Green uses her entire name almost every single time he mentions her, as she is just that kind of a person) for about forever, and when she shows up at his window late one night with her face painted black and wanting him to drive her around to get 11 things done, he hesitates, but not for long.      Quinton and Margo Roth Spiegelman wreak some havoc on classmates who have wronged her, and even him in various ways.  Quinton learns things about himself that night that he never thought possible, as well as the bonus of not getting arrested.  And then Margo disappears.  She's done this type of thing before, but from things she said, Quinton worries that she may be planning on taking her life.  There's a collection of poems by Walt Whitman Quinton finds with various sections highlighted that lead him to this idea.  Frankly, I now need to read \\"Song of Myself.\\"  (I think I'm ready...)      Quinton embarks on a journey to find out just where Margo Roth Spiegelman may be.  His friends help, even though they may not always totally understand.  The real joy of this book is in the discovery that we all have a part of ourselves that we keep hidden from those around us: those close to us, and those who think they may know us.  The high school setting is just fabulous for this story, for what else could so metaphorically eloquent about putting on a front, hiding yourself, and then discovering that you, and those around you, are so much more than paper people living in a paper town.    Notes on the Cover:  I have the hardcover with a picture of Margo with ayellow background.  I know that when this came out there was another version with a blue background, and that made the book look like it would be depressing.  Frankly, I like the yellow better, as it gave me hope throughout the book that Margo would be found.  Don't get me wrong, I love blue and would generally gravitate that way, but for me, the yellow is the winner here.
B003ZK58WM|4.0|I was anticipating this book and it did not disappoint.  It reads like a huge, sweeping Ken Follett epic.  With intertwining stories that make you read more than you intended at one sitting.  My only complaint, the excessively descriptive historical prose requires skimming until you get to the next big plot shift.
0143037757|5.0|This is an amazing text not only for its breadth and compressive assessment of European History over 60 years but for its clarity. It is a textbook at the Australian National University and many others; it should be a mandated text for all in the 21st century as we look back to the 20th century for to reason why we find ourselves where we are.  As Judt said just before his death \\"Anyone who tells you the past is better is an idiot - means he only knows of the past. Anyone who tells you the present is better, is not only an idiot, he knows nothing at all, which is even worse.\\"
0062502182|4.0|This book is recommended for those who have not yet given up on the mystery of life, and instead of living in a cold, hard, cynical world, still have some imagination and wonder left in them.  If you are expecting something utterly profound, move on to some non-fiction or a travel guide.  If you want to experience a tale that grabs your imagination and makes you ponder a bit about your existence, give it a read.
B002KSPKRS|5.0|I bought these back in '09 as a Christmas present for myself.  I was skeptical at first because of the price tag, but I read the reviews and decided to chance it.  You can read all the features on the product page, but some of you might be asking,  \\"Is it really worth it to drop 200 dollars on some gaming headphones\\"? \\"Will these really give me an advantage when gaming\\"?  \\"Should I just get the X3's since they're almost identical?\\"  Let me tell you, you're not just paying for a brand name.  These are as good as they get for the price.    Sound - 5 for 5    There is a bass boost, that to be honest, doesn't make that much of a difference but is nice to have.  Your can switch the sound to normal stereo with a push of a button on the receiver. Sure there is Dolby 7.1 Surround Sound, but honestly I can't even think of too many games that use 7.1 besides Infamous, and that's on the PS3.  The most important thing I can say here is the advantage YOU WILL HAVE when playing tactical shooters games like COD.  When I'm playing Search and Destroy, people are always asking me \\"How did you know I was there?!\\"  Yes the advantage is definitely there.  You can hear team mates and opponents footsteps alike.  Whether its behind you, under you, or around the corner, you'll hear their steps coming.  Just make sure you look at your HUD to see who's is who's.  Don't even jump on S&D unless you have gaming headphones or are using Ninja.  Make your opponents say \\"Oh my gawd\\" and \\"wow\\" with these baby's.    Durability, Comfort - 5 for 5      I can say I'm not as careful as I should be with my stuff, but its almost been a year and these things have long passed the test of durability.  The headband is leather that's reinforced with some kind of aluminum band inside it which makes it flexible but sturdy.  Ear cups are not leather, which at first I was disappointed with because leather is comfortable but I see why they did this.  If your going to be using this headset for long periods of time (1hour & half+), leather will get humid and lose its shape.  I can't really describe the material, it's like foamy but sturdy and a little hard.  But they do not get humid and are the same way they were when I purchased these over a year ago, very breathable.  The outer casing is a hard white plastic with a kinda smoothish-roughish texture if that makes any sense.  Basically, if you break these then you don't deserve to wear them.    Another great thing.  Wireless! And no line of sight here.  I almost bought those Titan's.  I couldn't imagine having to be tethered to a wall just to power the headphones.  I'll say it again.  WIRELESS, WIRELESS, WIRELESS(up to 20 ft) !  Very convenient.    Other features/stuff      Now I know some other people have been complaining about crackling or soft buzzing when they game for one reason or another.  I'll say this.  I've had the transmitter sitting behind my plasma tv since I've had it and have never had a big problem with cracking sounds or buzzing.  If you're getting this, its because you have it near another wireless device that is interfering with the frequency.  It can be a wireless router like the one for the 360, your modem, even a microwave.  But otherwise putting it near or behind your plasma or hdtv is not the problem, at least not for me.  It's that or the batteries are about to die.      Also some of you complain that the mute toggle is no longer right under the controller right where it's convenient.  Turtle beach got rid of the puck so that we could use the chat cord with any device that plugs in under the 360 controller.  It's really not that big a deal.  It takes a third of a second to hit the mute toggle.      Battery life with these is supposed to be 24 hours I think.  Don't even dare consider pouring your money into disposable AAA's.  Invest in a rechargeable battery package.  I bought these together with Duracell Nihm rechargeable batteries that come with four AAA and four AA.  Never had any problems with eitherproducts.      You can also hook up standard audio jacks (Red and White) to the receiver, which means you can also use these to watch Tv and movies.  Also awesome.  This is great if you wanna watch something late at night but don't wanna wake everyone up with what you're watching. I think the volume control for that is independent from the headphones though.  The dial is on the front of the receiver.    Overall I am very satisfied with this product and I don't expect Turtle Beach to outdo them with any other great features other than maybe aesthetics.  Only problem I've had with these is I lost the little foamy thing that goes on the detachable boom mic, but it was bound to happen sooner or later.  Its really just there to keep your Doritos from going into the mic and stuff like that, so no biggie here.    Well what are you waitin for, order a pair and GO  KICK  SOME ASS  !!
B0000009RX|5.0|This along with Zappa's first half dozen albums or so have gotta be some of his best work. If you're into Absolutely Free, Freak out, or anything else from the early MOI era and have yet to hear this album, pick it up. You won't be disappointed.
B003PWJS9Y|4.0|Devo used to sound like the band of the future. Today they sound like the band of right now. Never more energetic, never more relevant. They've definitely seemed more disturbing and warped in the past, but now the world has become warped to match. Consequently Devo has never seemed more contemporary.<br /><br />For the initiated, I'd say this album is as good as New Traditionalists, and approaches Freedom of Choice. I honestly expected the band to go back to their rust belt rock and roll roots on this album, since that's the music that has aged the best and garnered the most consistent acclaim. I wasn't even close. There's as much Total Devo and Adventures of the Smart Patrol in this mix as anything else. I have to appreciate their obvious low regard for critics.<br /><br />The reason this album works so well is because the band seems totally invested in the songs, the messages they carry, and Devo as a concept. No looking back. I wasn't sold after the first play, but by the fourth time through the songs had me, and some favorites are emerging from the pack. If they quit now, by my estimation they'll have gone out on a high note.
B003X27L9U|5.0|This is a very charming book, which has been cleverly written in a consistent child's point of view. It contains some nail biting moments, while the end of the book is very satisfying. One of the best novels I have read in recent times. Thank you Emma.
B00390BE7G|1.0|WHY on earth do I have to pay almost $20.00 for the Kindle edition, when I can get the \\"real\\" edition for half the price? Could someone please explain this to me?
B0034G4OVS|1.0|This movie started out terrible for goodness sakes!  You could also tell it was budget made.  Haven't seen a movie that bad since The Haunted Airman!!!  And it had more sparkle than this snow riddled, mountain capped, fiasco. The writing was terrible.  Actors not half bad, but what can you do with those lines!!! UGH!! My teenage children also were in agreement!  What a waste of a good, cool night! Too many dumb scenarios and plain idiocy played out to enjoy watching.  But, watch out for that pack of wolves!!!!!
B002WYH5N2|5.0|This is a wonderful video, with a great screenplay and amazing actors.  I have watched it several times to study the depth of the acting.  Just when I think I have seen everything, Brenda Blethyn, Donald Sutherland, or Judi Dench do something rich and nuanced.  Matthew Macfadyen's voice is way too beautiful (!) and it is hard to believe that Keira Knightley was so young when this was filmed!  One gripe: I did not thoroughly enjoy Joe Wright's comments; I was hoping that, as the director, he would have more insightful things to say.
0786955570|5.0|I love D&D Ravenloft.  My favorite character was Lord Soth, the Knight of the Black Rose.  Well, he isn't in this game.  It's a different story.  Many other reviews already posted most key features and fun of this game.  The key point for me to say being many years D&D player, I still want to join the group, but time is the key concern after getting old with busy job.  This is the one of the good solution for me to enjoy quick D&D.  It combines both D&D RPG and D&D Miniature games with simple character and monster card plus miniatures and you can play as 1 player up to 5 players.  Yes, 1 players.  That's the key for me to join the advanture alone or in group with different fun and good time.  Nice game.
0312600844|5.0|Bravo and thank you,Jonathon Franzen. Haven't been so intensely absorbed in ages. Your depth of character, complex relationships and frequently convoluted situations work just fine for me.  So many ironies.  So many freedoms -- not the least of which was the characters' freedom to be themselves. They were alive and so very human.
B0044WUQ3G|5.0|This film has great keep you on the edge of your seat drama, suspense, and sheer horror brought on by circumstance throughout. Its a story of 3 people attempting to survive a worst case scenario situation, against all odds, and how people really would probably fair (and behave) under those brutal conditions. I'd recommend it to anyone who likes realistic and intense movies. You'll find yourself rooting for the characters and the actors do a great job of making this ski trip into hell, one you wont soon forget!
B0044CG71G|1.0|I enjoyed the past 2 seasons of Fringe.  However, the current \\"Total Alternate Universe\\" theme in EVERY episode this year, is both annoying and confusing.<br />Fringe is on the Fringe of loosing this fan!
B004624N6K|5.0|Sale El Sol is just fun, crazy, emotional, fast and many other emotions with the various mix sounds throughout each track! This is an album I can listen straight through. I think it provides a wide range of pleasure to many audience and fans. I love listening to all the sound effects in each track. Its pretty cool. Its odd but in a good way that Rock mixes with pop that can mix with merengue that mixes with ballads to the piano, drums and trumpets. Also did I sense a far east inspiration instrumental sound in one particular track?  I don't know. Its a roller-coast my ear drums enjoy and my brain just gets Loco and wants to dance and rock out. Thank you for the sweet sound Shakira. I say sample the tracks and do support!
B000KIPT30|5.0|When I first got this it blew up my headphones and didnt work right at all with my desktop speakers or anything.  I am now glad to say that after getting a replacement headphones and desktop speakers that this thing works fantastic.  It is a small design amplifier and does it's job very well.  I now have my good headphones, my noise canceling headphones, and my desktop speakers hooked up to it and they all work fantastic.  No more unplugging and plugging in the desktop speakers and headphones from the back of the computer which was such a hassle everytime.  Now all I gotta do is turn the control knobs and wallah.  I have to say it works very well for the price.  The only thing I don't recommend doing is turning the volume past the 2nd notch for your good headphones because they might damage them like they did mine.  Anyways, I would recommend this if you hate unplugging and plugging stuff in all the time and you want some more bass.
076115728X|5.0|When I saw this book, I thought it was the perfect gift for all the perfectionist children out there, including (and especially) their parents. Here's a gem of a book that finally celebrates everyday spills and paper tears and turns them into \\"happy accidents.\\" I bought it for my four-year old who went wild with it, as well as for my niece who cried last time she was drawing a line that didn't turn out \\"straight.\\" This book can turn a tear into a smile.  It's a lesson for kids as well as adults.
1932100660|5.0|I alternated between disbelief, shock, anger, and gratitude as I read this book.  I especially appreciated how Dr. Campbell presented the facts objectively in the entire first section of the book, but shared his opinions and experiences in the last part.  This has changed the way I eat, the way I think about food/nutrition, and what I buy and feed my family.  I am shocked and horrified that this information has not been shared on a larger scale with the general public.  I am especially furious that I have basically \\"trained\\" my 9 & 12 year old to eat in a way that is not the healthiest for their bodies, which is what I THOUGHT I was doing.  There need to be some sweeping changes in the public health arena.
1401308201|5.0|I gave this book to my big sister, who is a Wicked finatic, for her 20th birthday and she absolutely loves it!! she said it was the best birthday gift ever and she drooled over it for days and is still finding new interesting things about the play she loves so much everyday. Also this is were i found the least expensive copy of the book and i was thouroughly impressed by its quality.
0596805888|5.0|great book on cooking.  As someone who already enjoys cooking (and science & technology), this book has been great for additional tips and info and also for providing some broader context on cooking in general.
B002ZCY7PU|5.0|There's a bit, just a tiny bit, of a backlash with the decision to allow Chuck Bartowski to actually whup some asss. There's some feeling that Chuck should've stayed the lovable klutzy wuss who contributes solely thru his smarts and his Intersect intel flashes. But these are observations offered by friends of mine who are sort of lame. Me, I love it that now villains truly cannot front on Chuck, that Chuck - providing his emotions don't hinder his upgrade (the Intersect II) from lending him, say, martial arts skills - now can take on the most formidable cats in a life-or-death rumble. The direct fallout, of course, is that his handlers are given less chances to spring into action. That was one thing I was bemoaning, that the lovely Agent Walker wasn't given more to do in the way of buttkicking. However, emotionally, romantically, Sarah Walker's plate is pretty full. She and Chuck once again put you on a stressful emotional roller coaster.<br /><br />Writers have to keep finding ways to keep Chuck and Sarah apart, of course, even though we already know that these two truly care for each other. Theoretically, the Intersect II makes Chuck into the perfect spy, our Nerd Herder now able to access pretty much whichever skills set he requires to fulfill his missions. What hinders him isn't only his forays into immaturity but his inherent humanity, his inability to kill, although Sarah considers this to be Chuck's greatest asset. There's a swerve thrown in which kicks off this third season. Chuck with his new abilities now intends to be the best spy he can be, to the extent that several months ago he'd dismissed Sarah's plea that they quit the skullduggery business and go away together. As the first episode opens, we learn that Chuck and Sarah have been estranged since then. And because this alone apparently isn't enough to mess up the viewer's day, Kristin Kreuk and Brandon Routh are ushered in with recurring roles, serving as the respective romantic foils and further obstacles to Chuck and Sarah's getting together. At least, Brandon Routh - as Agent Shaw, the new team leader of Project Bartowski - also advances the overarching plot. As if Chuck's shot at landing Sarah weren't dire enough, now he's got Superman as a rival. Damn writers.<br /><br />Putting aside the ongoing romantic tug of war, one really fun element is Chuck's new ability to access a whole mess of skills sets. Besides watching Chuck throw down with the kung fu and the gymnastics, we also see him do things like play the flamenco guitar, speak Korean, even dance elegantly. All these borrowed talents (except maybe the speaking Korean part) come in really handy with the black ops missions because Operation Bartowski is kept busy foiling those nasty plots hatched by the Ring, a secret criminal cabal which, by the way, encompasses the Fulcrum group (Fulcrum being the Big Bad of the prior two seasons).<br /><br />CHUCK blankets a heap of genres, it's what makes the show so great. The unrequited romance, the sweet espionage thriller, the awesome geek comedy. The spy stuff is always offset by the odd and kinda creepy Nerd Herders and their prankings at the Buy More store. I get a kick out of the rock band wannabe, Jeffster.<br /><br />Faithful viewers who'd been pining and moping for the past two seasons are in for some really gratifying moments. Chuck can't be expected to keep his secrets from those closest to him, not when there's so much cloak & dagger traffic going on at the Buy More and the yogurt place and around his apartment complex. So, yeah, events unfold and result in irrevocable shifts in the status quo and in the character dynamics. Season 3 delivers with a plentitude of fan joy. There's even a chance that love conquers all. This cast only gets better. I seriously don't even want to single out any one actor because every one is so very on point. The Awesomes are given larger roles to play. Morgan Grimes becomes more likable. We learn Sarah Walker's real first name. I love what's done to make John Casey more human, or as human as the supremely bottled-up NSA Colonel can get. All hail Adam Baldwin (okay, dude is an icon; I must single him out). And, dammit, okay, I have to applaud Zachary Levi on his physicality because the man absolutely sells his action scenes. Zachary Levi, stand up. Or, put another way, up Chuck!<br /><br />There originally were only thirteen episodes slated for Season 3, but then six more were ordered. These nineteen episodes are caught on 5 discs, with the following special features: \\"Chuck-Fu and Dim Sum\\" - an overview of Season 3 (00:21:51 minutes long); the video mockumentary \\"The Jeffster Revolution\\" (00:10:54 minutes); 6 minutes' worth of outtakes; and tons of \\"Declassified Scenes\\" which are basically bonus scenes spread throughout the five discs.e. I love what's done to make John Casey more human, or as human as the supremely bottled-up NSA Colonel can get. All hail Adam Baldwin (okay, dude is an icon; I must single him out). And, dammit, okay, I have to applaud Zachary Levi on his physicality because the man absolutely sells his action scenes. Zachary Levi, stand up. Or, put another way, up Chuck!<br /><br />There originally were only thirteen episodes slated for Season 3, but then six more were ordered. These nineteen episodes are caught on 5 discs, with the following special features: \\"Chuck-Fu and Dim Sum\\" - an overview of Season 3 (00:21:51 minutes long); the video mockumentary \\"The Jeffster Revolution\\" (00:10:54 minutes); 6 minutes' worth of outtakes; and tons of \\"Declassified Scenes\\" which are basically bonus scenes spread throughout the five discs.
B0037YOMWS|5.0|This is a great calculator. It's a bit more updated than the 20b, and also comes with a case (the 20b doesn't) the 30b is also a cheaper alternative to the 17b. It is good for both student and professional use.<br /><br />This one is a winner.
B002ZG98CS|5.0|I'm shocked there are so many  1 Star Reviews for the Film<br />I'll say it Machete isn't  The Godfather, Gone With the Wind,  Citizen Kane, Ect.<br />But, it's a  Raw Action Flick!<br />It's A True Homage to Classic 1970's Grind House Films<br />with a Big Budget and allot of Great A+ Actors<br />And without a Doubt the Best Over the top Violence in any Action Film!<br />I'm amazed the Film only got a Hard R ratting<br />Some of the kill scenes are just Crazy over the top But, it fits in this Looney Tune type Reality<br /><br />The Stand Out Cast Members:<br /><br />Danny Trejo is such a Unique character actor  he doesn't get to be the Good Guy/Hero enough!<br />He was Born to do this Film  he plays every  scene he was in straight I think a different actor would have Changed the whole Tone and Direction of the Film!<br /><br />Robert De Niro as This Crazy  would be cowboy Tea Party Government official (Mr. De Niro's Part is also way out there I would have never guessed he'd take this Part But, he makes it all his own! By the end you so Hate him and what he stands for)<br /><br />Steven Seagal as another main Villain much Like Robert De Niro takes on such a Different Role<br />Seagal makes one of the Best Bad Guys in all of Films in the Last 10yrs.<br />Even though he Passed on Stallone's The Expendables he gains major Respect for Taking on this Film!<br /><br />Michelle Rodriguez without a Doubt Steals every Scene she is in! I Hope this Film gets her Career back on track<br />She has that \\"It Factor\\"  this Film is Proof she is a versatile actress<br />She's Beautiful and can act and pull you in with every word! (That's a bit hard to do in a Film like this)<br />Hopefully she can keep her inner demons at bay and continue working.<br /><br />Jeff Fahey is another Great choice  he makes a Unique bad Guy/ Dirty Old Man in love with his daughter<br /><br />Cheech Marin can do no wrong he could read the Bible and make it Compelling & LOL Funny<br /><br />Don Johnson is another WTF Actor who also steals every Scene and makes a Great Bad guy<br />Who Knew??<br /><br />Lindsay Lohan is so/so in her Scenes but, i don't think she is Really acting!<br />But, You have to stand up and applaud her for in some ways maybe Committing Career Suicide<br />Only Cause this isn't No Family Friendly Kids Flicks it's Hardcore lol<br />I'm not sure why she passed on doing the Mother/Daughter 3-Sum scene<br /><br />Tom Savini as  the 1-800-Hitman  is Classic to say the Least<br /><br />Billy Blair  don't know much about him But, he has such a Different look I see him getting allot of Parts as the Crazy Psychopath<br />The Cast Alone is enough for anyone 2 at least check out<br />The Story:<br />  I was very Surprised Machete had a Very good Story it does have Social Commentary  hidden inside All the Blood and Gore<br />It was released in Theaters during that Huge Debate in AZ over illegal aliens<br />which still at this moment is being Debated like mad!<br /><br />Over all The Film is Nothing Short then a Real Guys Movie<br />I wish more actions Films had the balls this film has<br />A Future Classic I'm sure of it<br />Gonna Pre-Order the BR today!<br /><br />If you grew up in the Late 70's through out the 1980's<br />And love Films like<br />I Spit on Your Grave, Dawn of the Dead (Original) , Foxy Brown, Shaft, Assault on Precinct 13, Death Wish, Dirty Harry, Vigilante,<br />The Warriors, and  Thriller<br />You'll love this Old School Action Flick  10/10n is so/so in her Scenes but, i don't think she is Really acting!   But, You have to stand up and applaud her for in some ways maybe Committing Career Suicide  Only Cause this isn't No Family Friendly Kids Flicks it's Hardcore lol   I'm not sure why she passed on doing the Mother/Daughter 3-Sum scene    Tom Savini as  the 1-800-Hitman  is Classic to say the Least     Billy Blair  don't know much about him But, he has such a Different look I see him getting allot of Parts as the Crazy Psychopath  The Cast Alone is enough for anyone 2 at least check out   The Story:              I was very Surprised Machete had a Very good Story it does have Social Commentary  hidden inside All the Blood and Gore   It was released in Theaters during that Huge Debate in AZ over illegal aliens  which still at this moment is being Debated like mad!    Over all The Film is Nothing Short then a Real Guys Movie   I wish more actions Films had the balls this film has   A Future Classic I'm sure of it   Gonna Pre-Order the BR today!    If you grew up in the Late 70's through out the 1980's   And love Films like  I Spit on Your Grave, Dawn of the Dead (Original) , Foxy Brown, Shaft, Assault on Precinct 13, Death Wish, Dirty Harry, Vigilante,   The Warriors, and  Thriller    You'll love this Old School Action Flick                       10/10
B001MYIXAC|5.0|A friend at work (who knows my interests in films) told me about this. He knows I'm into foreign films, serious dramas, and<br />stories of a mature nature. So when he mentioned  &#34;Let The Right One In&#34; was about a 12 year old vampire in Sweden and<br />a 12 year old boy, I listened and thought, &#34;Yea right, come on man.&#34;  He raved about this film, asked me to trust him on it,<br />so I said I would check out the reviews on it, do some research, and get back with him. I got the blu-ray, and proceeded<br />late one night to watch it, still thinking it was probably over-rated and over-hyped like so many movies these days are. I<br />can only say I was totally unprepared for what I was about to experience.  From the first shots of the heavy snow falling<br />(with the opening credits) and ominous music to the stunning final few minutes, I was totally mesmerized and riveted. It<br />had such an effect on me that I just sat there trying to collect my thoughts, and it stayed on my mind for several days to<br />follow. Of course, I've watched it again several times since. There are so many things going on with &#34;Let The Right One In&#34;<br />that you don't catch it ALL on the first viewing.  The music, scored by Johan Soderqvist (a new name to me), is absolutely<br />brilliant. I was totally unprepared, as well, for such a beautiful score with this, considering the subject matter - ANOTHER<br />astounding surprise.  Being a soundtrack collector, I quickly acquired a copy of the very limited edition soundtrack (only 500<br />copies) for my collection - pricey, but worth it.  The film's director, Tomas Alfredson, took his time in choosing the two young<br />actors for the lead roles (incredibly, their first film), and their performances are magnificent & totally believable, which helped<br />make the film so chilling.  Make no mistake, this is NOT an easy movie to watch. The physical and emotional cruelty directed<br />at Oskar is painful to see - many scenes are heart-wrenching. This is what makes the character Eli, who, make no mistake is<br />evil, so sympathetic, when bonding with the lonely, abused Oskar and ultimately, on his side in his desperate time of need at<br />the end; a jaw-dropping turn of events that leaves the viewer awe-struck with the gruesome AND beautiful outcome. This film<br />from Sweden is a genuine work of art that deserves ALL of the praise it has received. The special features section contains<br />several deleted scenes that add even more depth and significance to the film's story. I only have one other vampire film in<br />my collection (Roman Polanski's &#34;The Fearless Vampire Killers&#34;), which is great, but that's totally different in tone and depth<br />from Alfredson's film which I find far superior.  This is a magnificent, exemplary cinematic/musical achievement that demands<br />one's total attention to appreciate its depth & meaning. I used the original Swedish dialogue with English subtitles on my blu-<br />ray copy with no problems whatsoever.  A masterpiece.mistake is evil, so sympathetic, when bonding with the lonely, abused Oskar and ultimately, on his side in his desperate time of need at the end; a jaw-dropping turn of events that leaves the viewer awe-struck with the gruesome AND beautiful outcome. This film from Sweden is a genuine work of art that deserves ALL of the praise it has received. The special features section contains several deleted scenes that add even more depth and significance to the film's story. I only have one other vampire film in my collection (Roman Polanski's &#34;The Fearless Vampire Killers&#34;), which is great, but that's totally different in tone and depth from Alfredson's film which I find far superior.  This is a magnificent, exemplary cinematic/musical achievement that demands one's total attention to appreciate its depth & meaning. I used the original Swedish dialogue with English subtitles on my blu- ray copy with no problems whatsoever.  A masterpiece.
B000002P72|5.0|I had lost this CD, so it was so great to hear those great songs again.  It arrived in pristine condition. Thanks
0316098337|5.0|This was an out of the ordinary choice for me, and I don't regret it for a moment. This novel is gripping from page one. It comes on the heals of at least three similar real life cases, and that makes it an even more terrifying read. You know it's fiction, but it's also true. What's more, it's probably happening to more than one person in real life as you are reading. The author captured something here that few will ever think about or even want to think about. I believe it has value not only as a novel but as a call to action against human trafficking and imprisonment.
B000KKPN5C|4.0|Pros: this unit is really an easy-to-use flash. It has the four level (0, 60, 75, 90 degree) bounce function. Its brightness can be controlled by my D40 with simply dialing +/- functions. It is light to bring with my camera or separately with its own pouch. It needs not much battery power, just using two AA batteries for a bunch of pictures.     Cons: it has a little bit less powerful than other nikon flashes. This means you need to be closer to your objects and turn your camera's ISO up. Even though I know it's not an expensive or big unit, it has no horizontal rotation. This means you cannot use the bounce function on the ceiling for taking a vertical pictures, such as a portrait. In this case, I usually bounce the light to side walls. So, its convenience sometimes limits various angles of your pictures.
0553805371|4.0|I recommend *The Grand Design* if you like thinking about ultimate questions.    The authors' thesis centers on Feynman path integrals, with parallel universes thrown in for good measure.  This is an approach to quantum mechanics one can almost understand.  Basically, they say that, just as quantum mechanics makes the future undetermined, so it makes the past undetermined.  In the double-slit experiment, a particle hitting the screen at a particular spot does not tell you how it got there.  In fact, it got there by taking ALL the paths from its source to the screen, including going through one or both slits one or more times, not one specific path.  Likewise, the past of our universe is a collection of a huge number of coexisting universes.  In most of them the very laws of nature, including the fundamental constants, are different; the configurations are different; and even the number of large-scale space dimensions is different, so that life did not evolve.  There was not even a \\"Big Bang\\" (i.e., a sharp beginning) because the paths don't have to go from point A (Big Bang) to point B (the world today), but could go from no particular point to point B.  (They call it \\"no-boundary condition\\".)  And gravity's negative energy is always there to counterbalance the positive energy needed for matter to spontaneously appear.  This is a little more than the old anthropic principle (which said that the world is the way it is because if it weren't we wouldn't be here to wonder about it).      I believe their conclusion, in the last few paragraphs, that God is not necessary in the process they describe was put there more to sell books than to present a logical argument, and sure enough that's what the press spotlighted in free-advertisement screaming headlines (\\"Hawking:  God didn't create universe!\\")  They say: \\"Because there is a law like gravity, the universe can and will create itself from nothing.  Spontaneous creation is the reason there is something rather than nothing, why the universe exists, why we exist.  It is not necessary to invoke God.\\"  Say what?  Where is gravity coming from?  Who set the entire process they describe in motion?  Where is the expected argument that the universe couldn't help itself?    Everything goes.  So what else is new?
B00111YM5G|4.0|This movie got recommended to me. I thought I would check it out.<br /><br />I bought it at half-price books to be exact. I figured it looked decent, and worthy of a buy<br /><br />However, when I put the movie in, I was a little disappointed by the opening. It seems to move a little fast, and I was a little confused. And it almost seemed a little corny, and I almost shut it off within the first 5 minutes. I didn't want this to be recommended to me for the sake of a  hot guy that walks through the whole movie as Gabriel. I was hoping against hope that this movie had some sort of depth.<br /><br />I was pleasantly surprised, as the movie wore on, and Gabe started confronting the evil minions of Sammael. And the way he really cared to complete his mission, and find his missing brethren fallen to pergatory to save humanity, or rather, so they would know there is hope, and saving from their misery... to believe in something more. Though, the brethren all realize the truth, that humanity has a hard time believing in divinity with all the problems and issues that they face.<br /><br />This movie definitely got exciting and worth-while as the film wore on. There was plenty of action, and drama, and a little romance. It had the mood and tone of Sin City, and The Crow, with how dark everything was portrayed. And at the end I was very satisfied with how everything had played out. And almost wanted to start the movie over... but watched the behind the scenes interviews instead.
0061743526|5.0|Everyone should have this book in their collection. It is a classic story of who did right by his convictions and his family. If you have never read the book, it should be on your list of books to read.  Amazon had a great price for the anniversary edition so I bought it. It arrived within a few days and happily I just finished reading it.
1580176941|5.0|I've always wanted to bake and decorate beautiful cookies that actually tasted as good as they look. After reading this book, I was fully prepared to dive right in and get it right the first time out. Well, that's exactly what happened. My daughter and I made 28 cute little baby face cookies for a baby shower. We followed the instructions and suggestions straight out of the book along with the cookie and icing recipe and the cookies turned out so well that I'm inspired to keep baking and decorating...for every occasion. The writers of this book definitely did their \\"homework\\" and made all the mistakes by \\"trial and error\\" and they shared all of that experience and expertise with the reader. You don't have to make mistakes because they've already worked it all out for you. I will also be buying their Christmas book.
B0044XV3QY|2.0|That could be me that cow. But I'll happily wait for the original edition(with all the extra's) and not this watered down 2D version. Still waiting for the \\"ultimate\\" Star Wars too. Already 20 years or so.  I hope I don't have to wait this long for Avatar. I guess the-powers-that-be have not seen enough return of investment.
B002ZCY7PU|4.0|Chuck continues to be one of the rare gems on TV right now. The 3rd season is solid and enjoyable (Shaw does bring down the show because Brandon Routh just did not gel that well with the cast) but really picks up in the second half once Chuck & Sarah (Yvonne Strahovski & Zachary Levi share wonderful chemistry) get together, Shaw's role is more clearly defined and Routh then being able to deliver a better performance (and not just there to cause angst between Chuck/Sarah) and the show becomes more entertaining as there is more fun, hilarity, romance and action to be had.     Overall a great season one with an excellent payoff in an explosive season finale that I recommend to every fan and any new fan looking for a great show to watch. This season is not perfect (the aforementioned Shaw was just not executed as well as what it could have been largely due to Routh's wooden acting) and I hope the writers learn from and improve upon come Season 4 but that aside, S3 is still well worth having.
1423113381|1.0|My son and I agreed that \\"The Red Pyramid\\" was a deep disappointment -- especially as we both love ancient Egypt, and plowed through Riordan's \\"Percy Jackson\\" series.  In fact, TRP was such a weak book that we stopped reading it before finishing  -- a rare action on my part that denotes a complete lack interest in reaching the conclusion.  The good news is that Riordan's new book series, \\"The Heroes of Olympus\\", promised to be as excellent as his earlier work.    Two reasons for my view stand out:      1) Riordan writes with such a passion and knowledge about the Greek/Roman Gods that it shines in his Olympus works.  He doesn't as comfortable with the ancient Egyptian divinities.  Perhaps he doesn't know them as well, or is confounded by their complex characteristics.  I think he is trying to capitalize on the public's fascination with ancient Egypt, which is OK.  However, it doesn't make for an automatically great book.  (NOTE:  I am a Egyptophile of long standing, and have read tons of great fiction related to ancient Egypt -- Pauline Gedge's work on \\"The Hippopotamus Marsh\\" being the most outstanding).    2) It is laden with white guilt.  This is 2010, not 1910.  The racial diversity and interactions that characterize my son and his class are not even remotely close to the prejudiced world conjured up by Riordan in TRP.  For example, there are several girls adopted from China in my son's class, and no one ever remarks on how/what/how they differ from their adoptive parents.  Affirmative action is alive and well, so kids from non-white/non-Asian backgrounds get an extra hand-up in the school district here.  Furthermore, no one would think twice about an black man being a professor in this community, nor commenting on his style of dress.    Each and every time Riordan decided to take this tack in his book, I skipped over it while reading it to my son.    I would strongly recommend that readers interested in ancient Egypt in faction order the works Pauline Gedge andDuncan Sprott (who wrote some amazing books about the Ptolemies).  Save your money, and get Riordan's superior works on the Olympian divinities.
0793563836|5.0|Hey, y'all.    Well, I've been a guitarist for a loooong time and just got a Silvertone Crusher Bass Kit (see my review) a couple of weeks ago.    I decided to get this books/dvd's combo which I'm actually gonna start tonight when I get home!    I looked it over the last few days and I'm very impressed with it. Seems very logical and very well planned out.    Someone mentioned it starts with notes and goes into tab much later on. I say, Big Deal! That's a good thing.     Anyway, I can't wait to get started (trust me, if I didn't like what I saw while looking it over, it would've been sent back by now)!    3 books, 3 dvd's....EXCELLENT price!
1564148793|5.0|I've been pretty careful (or so I thought!) to have myself protected, but after following a few simple recommendations in Protection & Reversal Magick: A Witch's Defense Manual (Beyond 101), I noticed an immediate difference! Seriously!   I found this book very well balanced and illuminating. It was packed with really useful information and was void of filler (thank goodness, I don't like filler!) I particularly liked the section on appeasing angry spirits with offerings. I found the eclectic nature most useful. Jason Miller says a ceremonial magician may not be protected against the goofer dust of a rootworker, and a rootworker may not be protected against something a ceremonial magician conjures against them - Jason Miller suggests one should be protected on all levels. It made sense to me.
B002GSXKN8|1.0|this is a horrible COPY of the movie and there are not 4 movies just two this was a horrible buy
B000063KM1|1.0|DVD won't work. Says \\"Not authorized.\\"  Did not specify at different system in product description.   Tried to reach Seller twice but no response.
1597801585|5.0|I was surprised at the speed this product arrived and it was in great shape. Also the seller was very gracious and also patriotic as I was recognized as a US soldier and thanked for my service as I'm deployed since this writing. The book itself is a great read, looks brand new and I'll be buying from this seller again. Thanks again
B003FSTN52|5.0|Having never watched this series on TV, I decided to buy the box set.  Great, entertaining series.  Much better without adverts distracting you every five minutes.  Acting is great and characters are likable and real. Definitely worth the money.
B000A2WF3S|5.0|As usual, when it comes to trying to review a recording of J.S. Bach's music, I am at a loss for words when it comes to describing the compositions therein.  All that I can say is that this recording contains some marvelous and glorious music for solo violin.  Gidon Kremer plays these Sonatas and Partitas for solo violin simply wonderfully.      Although I own many recordings of the J.S. Bach's Partitas and Sonatas for solo violin. None are with Kremer as violinist.  Thus, this is my first recording of these works with the aforesaid performer.  That said, I am very impressed with his performances on this two disc set from ECM Records.  Gidon Kremer's playing of these works is so alive and filled with emotion.  I really felt that he was in as much awe as I am of Bach's music.  All that I can say, is that I truly loved this recording.  I never got the impression that Gidon was merely going through the mechanics of playing these works; there are no \\"sewing machine\\" sounds to be heard just beautiful tones.  Kremer always, in this recording, maintains a beautiful sound with no harsh tones.      Contributing to my enjoyment of the recording is the wonderful and concert-hall sounding ECM recording.   Listening in the privacy of my home, I had the feeling that I was seated in the front row of a concert hall that had fabulous acoustics.   This recording has gone to the top of my list of favorite recordings of recordings of Johann Sebastian Bach's Sonatas and Partitas for solo violin.
B003Z39G0O|5.0|I still give this 5 stars because its a fantastic cd for the Vampire Diaries, the best show on television :) the tracks are nice and varied. However, they left off the best song \\"All I Need\\" by Without Temptation, from Elena and Damons dance scene last season. So that was a huge mistake on whoever it was that put this together. Or maybe there was a permissions copyright issue but of course the best and one I wanted the most had to be left off. Anyway, other than that love the cd and it has alot of tracks. For the most part I dont remember any of these songs in the shows but theres so much to take in every episode that sometimes the songs dont stand out while watching. The cd is a great companion momento from the show so def worth buying and having it along with the dvd set and books.
B0024RIMBG|4.0|I bought this to soothe my mother who has Alzheimer's and it does the trick.  I just wish the violinist would stop jumping around.  I find it very annoying.
B003TSEL7S|5.0|The lost hero is an amazing book. Rick Riordan mixes together so many different types of myths, its hard to believe they are not true. It's also his longest one yet. All in all, a fantastic read for all ages.
B00127RAJY|5.0|This is a great workout for beginning an exercise routine.  I like the fact that it has modified exercises and more advanced in each level.  It gives you room to improve and master the level before moving on.  I would recommend it to others.
B0029LHW68|5.0|Absolutely Amazing. There isn't one bad song on this CD. My brother introduced me and I have now bought two of their CD's.
0810970686|5.0|My seven year has started reading the series and just got this one today. He hasn't put the book down since receiving it. If this it what it takes to get him to read, I can't be more happy.
B00275EGWY|3.0|That this movie won the best picture Oscar tells me that the movies are getting worse every year. I would rather watch about 20 different war movies before I ever watched this one again. Just rent it!
B001G8XON0|5.0|Just one of the best movies ever shot. Music, colors, sets and love collide in on my opinion the best soundtrack ever handpicked gather for the industry. love it
044654759X|5.0|I love all of Nicholas Sparks'books. This one was particularly interesting to me. There was an awesome romance story line with a mystery/thriller edge to it.
B000AA4JMU|2.0|This movie is excellent and deserves five stars but this release on DVD has the same problem as the first release, and because I've bought both from this studio I feel I have a right to complain. This is a long movie and Columbia has twice now saw fit to place the first half up to the Intermission on one side and the second half on the other side. Flipping a disc is something I haven't had to do since LP's vanished.
0307476154|4.0|kept me interested.  I read the series and this one is the best by a long shot. Fun and lively story. Fun to see the different cities and places where the story is set. Great fun
B0031YJFCQ|5.0|Click on it by mistake but when I called Amazon they cancelled it right away. It never entered my Kindle. I already read this in french and could not put it down. If you want to read something fabulous read the 3 books from that serie Millenium.  Unvelievable.
0374158460|4.0|this is a good description of USA at the transition from the 20th to the 21st century. Some people won't like it because it is a rather ugly picture, but this is an era of corruption, greed and selfish behavior. Franzen writes well and knows where to go into great details and where to just describe a crucial event in a paragraph. Like most American writers of today, he is obsessed with sex, especially at the beginning, toward the end he relaxes on the subject and at the end he is positively On Golden Pond.In reading this novel, I could not help thinking of Dos Passos' USA. Franzen is not in the same category with Dos Passos, whose social commentaries and remembrances of childhood were in the area of the sublime. As a storyteller, Franzen is inferior to Faulkner and even Hemingway (the one of For Whom the Bell Tolls). But he is far above most of current novelists, perhaps his main problem is the material he works with, an America that has nothing in common with the generous America that won World War II. This is a generation whose motto is: maximize the profits, and Franzen has taken a good group photo of it.
B000JMLFLW|1.0|Purchase is a big word as it was free but after trying to get it in my Kindle with 2 different technicians at Amazon we could never do it. Hopefully will be able to on a 3rd try.
B003F3NDWG|5.0|The second season of the hit TV show \\"Castle\\" doesn't dissapoint.  Nathan Fillion as Richard Castle provides his own brand of humor and whit, while Stana Katic as Kate Beckett tries to deal with his behaviour.  An excellent show
0061906220|5.0|This is a wonderful story for children preschool and up to learn colors, and it has cute song the kids love.
0452285186|5.0|\\"The Book of Bunny Suicides\\" is twisted and hilarious beyond description. Highly recommended for anyone feeling a little blue, it exploits both the \\"awww\\" cuteness factor of bunnies and the \\"oh no!\\" horror of contemplated or completed suicide. For maximum enjoyment -- well, I guess -- you might want to read \\"The Book of Bunny Suicides\\" along with Barbara Oakes' \\"Evil Genes.\\" They are, in some strange way, complementary.
B003W5C0VW|3.0|I bought both the blu-ray and the dvd versions of this. The blu-ray is great but the dvd is a different story. The sound level on the 5.1 Dolby and DTS tracks, particularly the bass, goes up and down. It's so bad that at first I thought my sub-woofer was cutting in and out. After closer listening and checking, by playing the same songs over and over, I realized it is the 5.1 tracks on the dvd itself. It does it on the same spots each time and also with different dvd players. The stereo Dolby track sounds fine.    This was not an issue with the blu-ray version. The 5.1 Dolby, DTS multi, and PCM stereo tracks all sound great.    The dvd version also switches layers during Keith Richards tuning up for \\"Midnight Rambler\\". Again this is not an issue with blu-ray.    Both versions are 110 minutes long with widescreen (16:9)aspect ratio. The main feature is a little over 82 minutes with the extras making up the difference.    If it wasn't for my satisfaction (pun intended)with the blu-ray I would have given this only one or two stars, or let's put it this way, if it wasn't for the bad sound on the dvd I would have given it five stars!
B0041OOJNU|5.0|Shakira is unique, I've come to learn that from experience, album after album. I'm a long time fan, been listening to her music since \\"Piel Descalzos\\", I've watched her mature and grow as an artist, and although for my personal taste she has changed too much, I do believe change is good when time calls for it. Her last album \\"She-Wolf\\" did not live up to my expectations, I tried giving it a chance and let her grow on me, but I couldn't pass the first song after each failed time. I gave up after that album, almost thinking of Shakira as a lost artist. It wasn't until I heard a live version of \\"Sale el Sol\\" on YouTube, that my hope was restored. This is a return of form for Shakira, definitely it's an album where she tries to go back to her rock roots without losing that Colombian-Caribbean flavor that has made her so famous. Personally I could skip the latin club inspired songs on this album, but there's something about them that catches my hear so I can't complain. It's great to see that there's two songs co-written my maestro Gustavo Cerati and what a great tribute for him. You can clearly hear his influences all over those two songs, amazing artist he is.<br />This album has restored my faith in an artist I considered to be lost in translation, caught between worlds and different cultures, I only hope that she keeps writing her own songs, without forgetting where she comes from, and I wish that she could go back to black hair looks, blond doesn't really work for her.
0307271862|3.0|There's no point in reviewing the plot at this point.  I enjoyed the novel, even loved the time travel and the excursions to America and Africa.  But, I was bothered by a couple of minor details.  The photographer who discovers the massacre bemoans the fact that there is not a single wisp of smoke from any of the chimneys in the tiny village.  He has already told us that it is minus eleven degrees Celsius.  Then, lo and behold, the police find that two of the houses are occupied by living people.  Are they living with no heat??   The red ribbon leads to the Chinese Restaurant and to the real killer, but how or why did it get to the scene of the massacre.  It could not have been accidental.  To say that it is unexplainable is fine for real life, but not in a novel.  What's the meaning of the severed leg missing a foot, of one boot untied?  Why tell us that the photographer dropped his camera if no one is to find it.  Why are all the doors locked, front and back? The photographer had to break in one of the houses to find a phone--no cell phone, come on.  Why tell us this stuff if it's not significant.  What's up with the wolf?  Just setting the mood?
1423113381|5.0|The Red Pyramid by Rick Riordan      I recently read the book The Red Pyramid I loved it! This is the next Harry Potter. It was genius! I highly recommend this book.  It gives a lot of informative facts on Egyptian gods. It's by New York's famous author Rick Riordan. The book is about two siblings who find out they have the blood of Egyptian gods. It shows Carter and Sadie, the main characters bond to help save their captured dad. Many obstacles stand in their way however. It is a very inspiring story. There for is strongly recommend it.  I recommend this book for middle school kids and adults. All ages will like it. This was pure genius. The incredible detail, the suspense just everything was great. Just waiting to find out the fate of their father is very suspenseful. Another series of his is Percy Jackson. Similar themes are in both books.  I just read it this summer. It was the best book I ever read. READ IT. If you see it in a store be sure you buy it. I guarantee you will like it. My whole family loved it. Your friends' family will like it.
030745455X|4.0|The Girl who Played with Fire (TGWPWF) picks up shortly after The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo (TGWTDT) left off.  Salander is traveling the world on her new money, and studying the mathematical equations of Pierre de Fermat.  Blomkvist is running his magazine, Millennium, but still trying to solve mysteries as he wonders where Salander has gone, and why the few times he seen her since their adventures she pointedly blew him off.<br /><br />When Salander returns to Sweden, she finds a problem in the form of Nils Bjurman, her legal guardian and the rapist she put down in the first book.  He wants his revenge and enlists a giant blond man to help.  Soon, Salander is attacked and then wanted for the murder of three people.  Blomkvist, who has been largely quiet in the book to this point, of course believes in Salander and begins the hunt for the real killers.  This is the plot that absorbs the entire book.<br /><br />As so many second books are, this one is richer than the first.  TGWTDT was somewhat episodic, although it did end with some ambiguity.  TGWPWF deepens our knowledge of Salander, who we knew had quite a life before, but really had no idea.  To this point she has been a character that we root for, but with a cringe on our faces.  After this book, the empathy for her is pure.<br /><br />TGWPWF is also a faster-paced ride than TGWTDT.  The first book took its time developing.  And outside one scene, there were never really any thrilling moments.  This book is filled with them.  Once you get about halfway through, you won't want to put it down.  In fact, TGWPWF ends with a major cliffhanger, so make sure you get the third at the same time you get this book.  You'll want to pick that one up as soon as you put this one down.
0312600844|4.0|I am reading this book now. I have been reading it for quite a while,  which is unusual for me. I usually finish books too fast but  this book is not holding my interest. I really expected it to be much better after listening to Oprah rave about it. Maybe its just me, but I think its a yawner....
B0041OOJNU|5.0|I was a little skeptical after hearing \\"Loca\\", it was a fun song but it didnt feel like shakira, and after a good but not great album (Loba), i was a little worried that Shakira had lost it.    Thank god i was wrong, this album definetly feels like a Shakira album, a lot of cool songs, various rythms, and a lot of fun. It feels like the way Shakira´s records should always be.    The best songs: Sale el sol (definetly one of her best songs ever!), Antes de las seis, Gordita, Addicted to you, Lo que mas. The merengues/latin songs are actually a lot of fun, i tought they were going to be very off the line of the record, but i actually like them.    Welcome back Shakira, we missed you.
1439163146|4.0|I loved reading these stories.  I couldn't put the book down once I started.  It is a quick read,  both scary and fun like a roller-coaster.      The stories are hard but ring true of the late nineties politically incorrect racial and sexual overtones.    I admire James Franco's courage to show these teenagers as they are at their awful teenage moments without judging or trying to mitigate their experience with adult insight.    It is a great first book and I hope James Franco will write another.
B003TJ4YU6|5.0|Watching this dvd, brought back so many wonderful memories of growing up with the Beatles.  The quality was excellent, and what can I say about John, Paul, George, and Ringo?? 46 years later they still remain the greatest rock band of all time!  It is a great dvd to add to your musical dvd collection. (Yeah, yeah, yeah).
1400031354|5.0|It is good and delivery is fast too.  I think I will shop here in the future.
B001F0VHEM|4.0|Great cd.  Glitter In The Air is one of the best songs of the year!  Amazing performer and singer.
B0013URJTG|4.0|This is not my favorite PT album. That honor goes to Deadwing, followed by In Absentia and Stupid Dream. This reissue with the new mix changed my mind about this album though. I can hear the tracks the way they were meant to be heard. The sound is so much clearer and there is so much more punch that sometimes it sounds like a different album. The material sounds like a rehash of the stupid dream sound with an attempt to make it somewhat more accessible. The subject matter is the same as on Stupid Dream. There isn't anything that jumps out at me like there is on the other albums that I mentioned. The rockers are understated and the atmospheric numbers linger too long, but it's an album that grows on you and that has a lot of beautiful passages that were later refined into a more cohesive and catchy formula in the following albums. Russia On Ice is as good as other fans laude it, though it's an atmospheric piece that doesn't grab you instantly as some of their better tunes do. This is not the best album to start a collection of PT. Start with one of the others I mention and work your way to this one. Definitely worth buying and more so in this special edition.
B000PDYVVG|3.0|The book is fast and entertaining, if you do not wish for a very sophisticated and complicated read. Mrs. Gilbert is obviously a journalist and it seems that a lot of research was done to fill the book with some interesting background information.     The author reminds me of certain friends that always seem to have some kind of unbearable trouble in their life, that never are able to let go and never ever seem to get a grip on reality. These friends are entertaining and lovable. It is like reading a diary of a real chatty and immature twenty-something, when you want to smile and say: Oh good gracious girl,...get over it. It is going to be OK. Life is good, in some years you will see!    I am glad Mrs. Gilbert never has been through really rough times. That girl needs her life just as it is. She should thank God for this, he REALLY is fond of her little soul.     There it is the proof: GOD exists and he is very, very kind to you Elizabeth. Now cheer up and wipe the tears away. Let's go for coffee and you can tell me everything about that David and the travel to Italy, India and Bali. Brighten my day, distract me. Make me smile and daydream about traveling.     But please don't call me in the middle of the night dear,....
0345505387|2.0|I was an avid comic book consumer in my long-ago youth but this was my first graphic novel.  Kudos to Gabaldon for giving this format a try, but I simply could not get past Clair's absurdly drawn over-ripe bosom and kewpie doll looks, and how unattractively varied the drawings of Clair and Jamie were.  Too bad they couldn't look a bit more like their portraits in the 'how this book was created' chapter.  Jamie in particular is a disappointment.  More often than not, he looks like a rather plain hurt puppy.  He most resembles what I think young Ian Murray looks like, if Ian had red hair.  Where is the broad, good-humored face of a handsome, confident young man?  I tried reading the annoying bright white dialogue balloons without looking too closely at the gargoyle version of my beloved friends, and that's where I really ran into a problem.  I've read the entire series and listened to the audiobooks more than once, I know the story and characters - and I don't care whose point of view this is supposed to be: it's an incoherent, boring tale in this book.  Too many asterisks for Gaelic, that became tedious fast.  Too much Jonathan Randall and assorted grubby Scots thundering over dark hills.  Maybe this wonderfully imagined epic is too rich and multi-layered to suit this format.  I will leave that up to other readers.  It's not for me.  But for the handsome landscapes and evident effort by all concerned, and my abiding love for one James Alexander Malcolm MacKenzie Frazer, I'd be giving this one star.
B00127RAJY|5.0|Started to do this workout then ended up switching to P90x,but plan on going back to doing this workout when the P90x is done.  Very challenging for a 20 min workout.  I was dripping wet and I consider myself to be in fairly decent shape.  Def. felt the burn right after and the days following.   You can go as intense as you want or do modified versions.  Would def. recommend and I don't watch Biggest Loser and am not a fan of Jillian Michaels, the workout def. gets the job done.
0316098337|5.0|Excellent book! Arrived promptly. I have just discovered Emma Donohogue as an author. Can't read her books fast enough.
B003EYVY04|2.0|I am so disappointed to see that this is not an extended version of the movie. This is why I wanted to purchase them, I enjoyed the extended versions of 1 & 2, Why on earth would they stop the extended version for 3 & 4?    I think WB should refund all those that pre ordered thinking they would get the extended version of the movie and not just a disc with additional scenes.
B003WSFXKY|2.0|Read a review of this CD is a magazine and could hardly wait to buy it.  It is disappointing. It has great potential with a great guitar player and some of the best voices around, but it just doesn't work.
B002N5N5QQ|5.0|Sons of Anarchy is the Best. I saw the first season and was hooked and the second season was even better. A must see series.
B003C1QIO6|2.0|Let me start by saying I have been a huge fan and been following his growth since 2002.  Every album has been great and full of songs that make me want to sing, contemplate, and dance to.    'To the Sea' just lacks in all departments for the most part.  There are all these rock songs on here, which just don't work with his voice or lyrics and they overall just fall short.  I don't know what it is, but this album is just BLAH... nothing new or innovative either.  Sorry Jack, I am just being honest.    Although I will say that the closing track, \\"Only the Ocean\\" is a BEAUTIFUL song, maybe his finest piece of songwriting.  Download this song for sure if anything.
B003NSPUOC|4.0|this was a gift and arrived surprisingly quickly -  and the recipent is enjoying the books
B003XRZZFM|4.0|In general, when you read reviews on amazon you are here to see the opinions of other people who probably like the same kind of stuff that you do.  99% of the people in the world aren't looking up black metal bands.  But amongst our crowd, there are those who hold their musical opinions much higher than anyone else s.  This album is an example of that.  Look for 1 or 2 star reviews and read on to see why they gave it the low rating.  \\"This is garbage, not true black metal\\"  \\"Sellouts\\"  \\"Omg they kicked out my favorite member\\"  This is called \\"shallow mindedness.\\"        One thing I always wondered about black metal is... how do you sell out?  I mean, the double bass is pounding, the vocals are ridiculously over the top, and the guitars get downright gut-wrenching at times.  Even the tamest of black metal or symphonic black metal is an acquired taste.  Dimmu Borgir would have to try a lot harder than this to \\"sellout.\\" I mean don't get me wrong, they aren't playing at a constant heavy pace as much as they use to... but comon.  Every band changes, and if they didn't what then?  Look at slayer... amazing band, always have been.  But they never changed their sound much at all, and to be honest, they are just plain boring now and have been for a long time.  Dimmu certainly could have made Puritanical 5 times over, they have the talent.  But why?  If you wanna hear Puritanical, go listen to it like I do when I want to hear it.         The fact of the matter is, this album sounds pretty damn good 90% of the time.  There are a few boring parts, there are parts where you wonder what the hell they were thinking, (aka guest vocals in gateways)and there are some truly masterful parts that show you how incredibly talented these guys are... even without the 2 legends they let go of.  As long as Dimmu has Galder and Shag, they aren't going anywhere anytime soon.      I've been a black metal fan for 7 or 8 years now, and I know that some bathroom recordings are actually some ofthe best music out there.  I love bands such as Emperor, Gorgoroth, Immortal, Fairytale Abuse, etc... I know that there are gems in black metal that shine so bright they'd blind you.  But I just can't stand dismissing something because it may be a little slower paced or more polished than what we are use to.  Just listen to it and try to accept it a little more, if then you truly don't like it, then why not give real reasons for your low ratings?  You guys can go listen to B-side tracks from obscure black metal bands all day long if you want, but don't tell us what we should listen to based on your snobbishness.      I don't think you have anything to worry about, the day a black metal song (even a Dimmu song) is played on a top 40 station, or even a local rock station during regular hours probably won't come for a long, long time.  And by then, you'll probably be A.) dead  or B.) listening to Michael Jackson's greatest hits.  Everyone changes, if you decide to make a drastic change in your life one day, would you want everyone in your life giving you 1 star ratings on your decision?  Just give stuff an honest chance and you might be pleasantly surprised.        Just a side note, if you really miss the old Dimmu sound, check out this band/album.  The Eternal Suffering - Miasma  This isn't a plug or anything, they aren't widely known, I think they are from Greece, but they know black metal.        This became more of an essay than a review of the album, but it's been building for a long time.  This was just the album that made me type it all out.  Thanks for your patience.
0765318741|5.0|First off let me say I saw the Will Smith movie version of I AM LEGEND, none of the others & while I thought it was good I wish the writers had tried to honor this book as the previous movies didn't by staying closer to the storyline since it was practically perfect as is.<br /><br />This volume contains I AM LEGEND along with a collection of short stories by Matheson that considerably bulk up the page count.  I AM LEGEND is the 1st story in the volume clocking in with only 159 pages in the story out of the books 312 page count. Besides I AM LEGEND there are some very good short stories, most notable, Prey, Witch War, Dress of White Silk, Mad House & Person to Person. All are similar genre-type to I AM LEGEND.<br /><br />But onto the I AM LEGEND review.....WARNING: POSSIBLE SPOILERS!!!!!!!<br /><br />After seeing the Will Smith blockbuster based on the book I thought I wouldn't enjoy the story but was curious. Man am I so glad of my curiousity!!!! I LOVED this book. It's set in California and a strange \\"virus\\" has caused all citizens of Earth to mutate into vampire-type creatures after exposure. The quick onset & spread eliminated the human race after an implied world war that ravaged but didn't destroy earth but did cause massive climate changes, huge dust storms, etc...<br /><br />The novel revolves around Robert Neville, the only remaining survivor BESIDES the infected vampires/former humans. He is neither a scientist nor in the military, he's an \\"everyman\\" who works with his hands & teaches himself things throughout trying to understand the virus, but a scholar he's not. You become acquainted with Neville & Neville alone throughout his daily existence of fixing his defenses on his house daily after nightly vampire attacks, scavenging for supplies in the dead city, harvesting garlic & killing vampires by day. There is some flashback to get one up to speed on what happened to the world, Neville's family & friends but most of it is current day for Neville.<br /><br />It is his isolation & the chance to \\"peek\\" into Neville's solitude & acceptance of his situation/life, it's those details that thrill & scare you. His character finds a place in your heart & mind where you'll have a seriously hard time letting him go, I know I did. His perseverance & strength make you wish men like Neville existed other places besides the page. His trials will break your heart & make you root for him to find another human alive in the book because you will want Neville to be happy, even if it's impossible.<br /><br />Matheson wrote Robert Neville in such a way that he not only jumps off the page & into your mind, he stays there. For weeks after finishing I AM LEGEND I found myself pulling it off the shelf & re-reading certain parts, eventually reading the book several more times. I wish a movie could he made to follow the actual story more closely, it's amazing just as Matheson wrote it, no Hollywood special effects or embellishments needed.<br /><br />A must read for horror, sci-fi or fans of any good book./>It is his isolation & the chance to \\"peek\\" into Neville's solitude & acceptance of his situation/life, it's those details that thrill & scare you. His character finds a place in your heart & mind where you'll have a seriously hard time letting him go, I know I did. His perseverance & strength make you wish men like Neville existed other places besides the page. His trials will break your heart & make you root for him to find another human alive in the book because you will want Neville to be happy, even if it's impossible.<br /><br />Matheson wrote Robert Neville in such a way that he not only jumps off the page & into your mind, he stays there. For weeks after finishing I AM LEGEND I found myself pulling it off the shelf & re-reading certain parts, eventually reading the book several more times. I wish a movie could he made to follow the actual story more closely, it's amazing just as Matheson wrote it, no Hollywood special effects or embellishments needed.<br /><br />A must read for horror, sci-fi or fans of any good book.
B0034G4P7G|5.0|Well there's no surprise that Mark Zuckerberg didn't give the film his personal seal of approval: he's portrayed as a technological psychopath who is at once obsessed, jealous, disloyal, socially inept and in desperate need of approval. Yet the movie doesn't paint him as completely irredeemable - his entire character arc is bookended by his ex-girlfriend telling him he's an (expletive) at the beginning, and a lawyer at the end telling he's not but he's trying really hard to be.<br /><br />Plotwise, beyond an intriguing look at Zuckerberg, there are plenty of loose ends in the movie which I suspect is an artifact of the true story it's based on. It's fascinating how the world's most successful social platform was developed by someone who has no social skills and no real qualms about stealing ideas. The script successfully juggles quite a few different ideas about what makes him tick. Zuckerberg stops at nothing to get noticed and belong to some exclusive club, almost at the expense of everything else, so the film is less about Facebook and more about his desire to fit in.<br /><br />If you're used to Fincher's innovative camera moves and special effects, don't hold your breath here - with the exception of the \\"twinning\\" of Armie Hammer, it's shot with real conservatism. But this isn't a story that needs Fight Club-quality editing and effects - it's the performances of the lead actors that really stand out, and an Oscar nomination must surely be in the mail for Jesse Eisenberg. He appears in practically every single scene and carries off a highly nuanced performance. But the entire supporting cast is excellent too and even Justin Timberlake is perfect as Sean Parker.<br /><br />So I'm starting to think that David Fincher is the most interesting director in Hollywood. I hated Alien 3, loved Fight Club, have a guilty attraction to The Game, had mixed feelings about Zodiac, and thought Social Network was the most brilliant character study he's shown us to date. He's a flexible, dedicated director who seems to try completely different material every time, and provides a refreshing voice in the tsunami of remakes and sequels.ctor who seems to try completely different material every time, and provides a refreshing voice in the tsunami of remakes and sequels.
142311339X|5.0|Let me start by saying I LOVE Rick Riordan's books, and I'm not in middle school OR high school. Suffice it to say I bought the Percy Jackson & the Olympians series to read to my son (5 yrs) & I loved the books! I read pretty fast so I constantly found myself having to read passages twice, once just to myself & again to my son (he loved them too).<br /><br />I was sad when I closed the cover on \\"The Last Olympian\\", overjoyed when I saw he had written \\"The Kane Chronicles\\" (which is great as well) & truly thrilled when I saw he was working on \\"The Lost Hero\\".<br />I finished \\"The Lost Hero\\" today & my biggest complaint is that I have to wait until 2011 to find out what happens after the \\"cliffhanger\\" ending. For those who loved Percy & others at Camp Half-Blood, this series will not disappoint!!<br /><br />Riordan introduces 3 new (and very likeable) characters: Jason, Leo & Piper. It's really quite cool how he puts it together with new heroes but still completing the picture with some old favorite's. I'll say no more as I don't want to spoil it if you haven't read this book. The new volume would be okay as a stand-alone book but the imagery will be more vivid & easy to follow for readers of the previous Percy series.<br /><br />If you liked the world he created for Percy, you will love this! And for those who haven't read Percy, do it now! Young and old, this series is wonderful! My only complaint about anything Percy is that the movie was done so poorly, I'd love to see it play out on the big screen a la' Harry potter, but that wasn't Riordans fault. Damn Hollywood bigwigs!<br /><br />Also, why aren't Riordans books required reading in schools? The man is a genius & while yes the books may be long they are a thousand times better than some titles I've seen listed for children. Keep up the great work Mr. Riordan! I will be one of the huddling masses clamoring to get a copy of book 2 in 2011!
B003VS0CWO|1.0|I am near shock to witness what has to be the absolute LET-DOWNS OF LET-DOWNS!  Fox should have just released a simple BLURAY disc of the film and not hype a TERRIBLE COMP of CRAP.     As a 35 YEAR RHPS fan, this surely marks the most miserable HYPED up release fo the film. The EXTRA'S (none which we sort of knew had been released w/DVD)   are fillers made specifically for the BD Disc.     The fact that they couldnt even offer a sub audio track of the original SAL PIRO audience Participation LP is MINDBLOWING.   Instead you can read the album ????? What the hell is that.     LOVE the alternative B/W opening ??? What marketing genius came up with this filler to try to FOOL  us all with a rarity?    THE ONLY added bonus that marks magnificent is the MICK ROCK features, and the movie itself.    I am not going to spill the rest of the crap added with this DISC.   I am sure FANS will revolt against when exploring for themselves.     DTS DOLBY DIGITAL MY ASS. LET THE MONO OG TRACK LIVE!    BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!
B003XF1XOQ|2.0|While The Hunger Games and Catching Fire became more than books to me---defining the pinnacle of what a young-adult series can achieve---Mockingjay manages to find the frayed, tattered edge of every beloved aspect of the first two. It makes me wonder. If I like tomatoes and tomato sauce, why don't I like tomato juice?    I loved watching Katniss become a symbol of the revolution, her face on banners in revolting districts, but I hated her being explicitly called the Mockingjay because being labeled cheapened it. I found the constant voyeurism of the first two compelling, but in the third being watched meant preventing her from performing any real action. The need for cameras crippled her in a way they didn't before. Similarly, Katniss's game of loving whoever wasn't around got old in the third book, forcing Gale and Peeta into such resignation over their unrequited love that they argue for her love for the other. That conversation may have been the most disturbing thing in the series because of what it says about Katniss and how little she does despite how much she thinks.    That's what Mockingjay boiled down to for me. She didn't choose. She didn't act. She didn't take control. We waited through three books to see which boy she would choose, constantly provoking one while thinking of the other. The only reason she ended up with Peeta was because Gale had the bad luck of being involved with the bombs and was whisked out of the story. No one in their right mind would blame Gale for Prim's death because it was really Coin who planned the whole strike. The paragraph in which Katniss explains they were too similar proved meager gruel after three books of her affection for him.    I think we can all agree that Coin had to go, and we expected Katniss to take her out, but to have Snow laugh his way to an unexplained death seemed a slap in the face after the build-up the books gave to him. He never got his comeuppance. It reminds me of Cato's demise in the first book. Would it have been so bad for her to kill them? I expected Katniss to finish both Coin and Snow and take on some sort of leadership position, creating a respectable government. Instead, she was drowned in the commotion and the girl whose logic we've followed since the beginning was cut out in favor of a character we barely know and only have reason to like because she momentarily did something nice for Katniss. There's no more Hunger Games after the end, but that's little guarantee that things in this world are actually better.    While the romantic half of the book seemed haphazardly resolved, the political half was absolutely ruined. The crucial detail here is when Katniss is on trial and everyone lies to cover up her act. Everything throughout the series has been lies and manipulation, and this was the one chance for the truth to finally come to light. Instead, no, more of the same. There is no change, and Paylor, a character we know absolutely nothing about, is given the reigns to potentially create another totalitarian government. We have no idea what she'll do, no reason to expect anything better. Right never toppled wrong, and this is the great failing of Suzanne Collins in this book.    I still think this is a brilliant series, don't get me wrong, but there was so much more I wanted out of the conclusion. I wanted Katniss to emerge victorious, but instead she was beaten and virtually exiled. I hungered for the passion and eloquence of The Hunger Games and Catching Fire, but Mockingjay left me famished. The writing seemed stale, lost of its emotion. Collins's trademark explosive chapter endings were nowhere to be found in this book. Altogether, I'm left to think there's really only one conclusion to draw from the series: that disappointment is inherent in life and we're at the mercy of forces we can't control. Pretty grim, indeed, though I suppose it fits. We were fools for hoping for a happy ending. We should've known from the drawing of Prim's name that happiness is so ephemeral we can but barely glimpse it. Like the residents of the Seam, given just enough to survive, the epilogue does only enough to stave off our complete starvation. Instead of Snow pulling strings from afar, we're at the mercy of Collins, who proves to be just as punishing in this book.
B003VANOFY|4.0|Pro: Excellent microphone function. Voice activated comms very easy to set up and use effectively, good filter - no breathing gets picked up, even a light cough. No complaints about cutoff or open-mic. Very responsive and good bass. Perfect positional gaming headset. A must for any FPS fanatic, and that's over the TB and Sennies this competes with - and at a far lower price.<br /><br />Con: While great for gaming the acoustics are not good. For a closed headset it leaks terribly, surprisingly so. If you want quiet you'll have to be somewhere quiet when you put these on. Construction is passing but not great, clicking the buttons on the side of the earpiece can be a bit of a jarring *click* through the plastic frame if you want to use the one button on there that might be often useful: mute.<br /><br />It's a pity they didn't use better materials but they did make a fantastic gaming headset. On those merits alone it's a 5-star product, and it IS a gaming headset as the name says, but the price holds the bar high enough that I'd like to see better overall performance and construction.
B0041OOJNU|5.0|I love every song in this new album,  I was very excited to listen to it before the release day.  This sounds a lot more like the Shakira from the beginning, the lyrics and the music are the Shakira we all were waiting for.  It has the memories of \\"Pies Descalzos\\" and \\"Donde Estan Los Ladrones\\" I just cannot name a favorite song because I like them all.  I love \\"Lo Que Mas\\" and don't get me started on \\"Antes de las Seis\\"... you must really read the lyrics \\"Si me ves desarmada   Porque lanzas tus misiles   Si ya conoces mis puntos cardinales   Los mas sensibles y sutiles \\" The entire album has beautiful lyrics.   I just love it, and \\"Devocion\\" is more rock... (I Love it)  I would recommend this to everyone, her songs and lyrics are so unique, there is just no other artist like Shakira.  I would recommend for everyone, plus for the price, she made it affordable for everyone, just like her concert tickets and her perfume....  BUY IT!!
B00006FDCD|5.0|I've been after this dvd for sometime and finally the price was right. I really dig this one it has all the right elements that horror films are lacking today. The misfit kids doing battle w/ an evil clown now thats a horror film. I know a lot of folks will argue \\"It\\" is not his best work but this film rocks. I highly suggest you check this film out way better than \\"the Stand\\" and it keeps you engaged even at 3 hours and 7 minutes. I was very pleased at the condition Amazon packaged this dvd as well kudos Amazon.com So to recap you want a good fright flick this Halloween skip all the horrible horror remakes and pick up the master of horror Stephen King's \\"IT\\".
B000EHSVQE|5.0|I am so thrilled with this movie, and with the speed with which it was delivered.  This was a gift for my husband's birthday, so I asked to have it rush shipped.  It arrived right on time, and it is super fun and perfect.
0307120007|5.0|This is a great book. I had this book as a child. I'm now 28 years old and I remember it well. This was one of the first books I read. This shows how memorable this book can be for a child. I am expecting my first child any day now and I was searching for this book for her. I cannot wait to read this to my daughter.
B003VB5E2E|5.0|yeah yeah yeah...go ahead and comment or say this review wasn't helpful...whatever, I don't care...but what I do care is about getting the most bang for my buck...this blu ray release (priced $27.99 at time of review) is also available for pre order at best buy for only 21.99 with FREE shipping and you get a bonus disk of 5 extra performances...now if I don't call that helpful to know I don't know what is.    Updated best buy bonus disc info    BEST BUY EXCLUSIVE EDITION BONUS DISC (DVD AND BLU-RAY):  01. Gary Clark Jr. - Don't Owe You A Thang  02. Sheryl Crow - Everyday Is A Winding Road  03. Citizen Cope - Son's Gonna Rise  04. Derek Trucks and Susan Tedeschi Band - Love Has Something Else To Say  05. Eric Clapton and Steve Winwood - Glad  06. Eric Clapton Interview
B0026P3G12|5.0|This CD was purchased for my mother she listens to it nearly everyday.  Susan has a beautiful voice.  I made a copy for her car.
015206057X|5.0|My thirteen month old starts to grin as soon as I pull this book out, and laughs out loud starting with the first \\"...as everyone knows....\\"<br /><br />Great rhyme, great illustrations, a lovely cadence, and a really sweet story, overall.  My one (very minor) complaint is that the line \\"And another who was wrapped in an eiderdown\\" would perhaps be more accessible if it read something like \\"and another who wore a fuzzy nightgown\\", because an eiderdown is a pretty rare item, much less a word in a young readers' book.
B002ZG98ZA|4.0|I honestly cannot understand the drubbing this film got from some reviewers when it was released.  SATC has always been primarily just a fun, guilty pleasure to me.  Sure, there have been meaningful subplots to all the stories, but it is first and foremost a comedy.  They pulled out all the stops for the opening wedding scene in this one, and it was a delight. Yes, it was a little cringe-worthy having Liza play a gay wedding, but c'mon, what movie starts with a big 'ol gay valentine to the audience like this?!  The audience in the theater at the sneak preview that I attended was, by and large, comprised of exquisitely dressed women.  I felt like I was tagging along for the party, and was so happy to hear all of the ladies exploding with laughter when Minnelli came out and did \\"Single Ladies.\\"  It set the tone for a great time at the movies...<br /><br />As fluffy as the installments in the series and these two movies can be, there is always a lot of heart in each production.  The storyline about how couples define their relationships really spoke to me.  I've had a long-distance relationship for 13 years--due to circumstances, and am too well aware of how many people view my situation when I describe it.  The equivalent of \\"How do you hold up?\\" greets nearly every conversation I have with people who have more traditional relationships.  It was refreshing to see the SATC girls take on what defines a relationship--the two people having it!!<br /><br />Let's hope there will be a third installment of the movie series because SATC has always been, at its core, about bringing people together for fashion, laughter, and irreverence, with a side of wistfulness.  I think maybe some people have begun to expect too much from our girls...let's not try and make the series something that it never was!!
1862302138|5.0|I came across this book by luck.  I do mean luck, because this book is asked to be read by my day care children several times a day now for weeks.  They beg me to read it. They laugh out loud and scream when the dragon is frightened away by George. They love love love the buffet scene when George goes to live in the castle and receives tea with sugar and many other delicious foods.  There is only a few words to a couple sentences per page, but the story is sure to delight any 3 to 5 year old. A little scary, but not too scary with the young girl being carried to the cave full of skulls and bones. A very happy ending for the young girl and George, not so happy for the mighty dragon.     Good book to talk about what are you afraid of.
B003H6KRIE|5.0|I had not seen any of the Bourne movies in their entirety.  I had seen pieces of the movies on TV and heard several positive comments from people about the movies.  It was a great prices for the triology so I took a chance and bought it.  I loved the movies.  Good action.  Good story line.  I am a Bourne believer.
0553801473|3.0|Rating books are a very personal opinion. He's a very good writer I just didn't enjoy this one very much. Without getting into spoilers I'm rather tired of brand new people showing up and taking over. I want to stick with our original characters and not have to spend the last few books learning several more.
B003DT19F0|5.0|My daughter just loves TinkerBell and had to have this movie for her birthday.  I pre-ordered on Amazon and it shipped the day the movie released.  As an adult, this is my favorite Tink movie so far.  Very cute!
030726999X|5.0|I have read all three books in the series and \\"The Girl Who Kicked the Hornet's Nest\\" was, to me, the most exciting.  I didn't want it to end.  The story was fast paced and exciting.  Lisbeth, the main character, was as fascinating as ever.  I enjoyed the interaction of all the characters, especially the new police related characters.  I would highly recommend this book.
B003VS0CWO|5.0|I've been a Rocky Horror addict for years and have watched it hundreds of times in theatres, on VHS, DVD, and anywhere else I could find it.  Therefore you can imagine my surprise when I popped in this blu ray and felt like I was watching a 2010 remake.  The picture quality is STUNNING!  Details pop out vividly that went by unnoticed in standard definition and colors blast the screen in absolute perfect clarity.  I cannot go on long enough about how perfect the picture looks.  I'm not new to blu ray and I know how much data 35mm film holds, but releases like this still blow my mind and remind me how amazing a good 1080p transfer is.<br /><br />Likewise the audio transfer is a miracle.  Whatever restoration they used is beyond wonderful and sounds 1000000x better than my old CD soundtrack.<br /><br />My only complaint is that the song \\"There's a Light (Over at the Frankenstein Place)\\" is noticeably different from the versions I remember.  I don't know how or why this is (maybe i'm just not used to hearing it in surround sound?) but the backup chorus sounds really awkward to me.  If anybody knows why this is I'd be interested to find out.<br /><br />Overall - A+++ transfer! If you have any love for this movie or have never seen it before you owe it to yourself to purchase it on Blu Ray.  I haven't watched any of the special features yet (there are a lot to watch) but based on the picture/audio quality of the movie, Rocky Horror is one of the must-buy BDs of the year.
B00026ZG10|2.0|This movie was cheesy when I saw it the first time back in the 90's and its cheesy now too! The special effects were cool for their time and still look somewhat cool today but the action, the fight scenes and the plot are REALLY far out and unrealistic even for a 90's action movie. Something about this movie struck me as really generic like it was made more for the purpose of making money as opposed to making an original film! If it didn't have so many big names behind it, this film would have BOMBED! It's like someone said, \\"Let's get all these big names together, have a bunch of explosions, shooting and action...Then nobody will notice the crummy script!\\" It feels like a mishmash of different action movies all blended into an unsavory brew.       Some of the scenes are so far out it almost seems like a spoof on action movies. This puts the movie in the uncomfortable 'gray' area of movies. It isn't funny enough to be a comedy and it is too cliché and hokey to be entertaining as an action movie. The characters are wooden and the ending is predictable. The stunts seem to defy physics and logic to the point of being laughable. Lots of action movies (in fact, MOST) stretch the truth to some degree. People ride motorcycles through flames without catching on fire while everyone else burns up behind them. Heroes magically survive machine gun fire where everything around them gets shot to hell...heroes kick 10 guys butts with ease and the guys never get up but the bad guy seems indestructible up until the last moment of a fight and he/she may even come back to life...All these things I can deal with in an action flick but this movie has too much of all of it and goes off the deep end into the realm of ridiculousness.     However, I will give True Lies two stars instead of one. I DO like the actors in the movie and they did a good job of keeping a straight face and acting out silly, stereotypical parts. Neither Jamie nor Arnold is in their best role here but they were probably laughing all the way to the bank! This also isn't the worst action movie ever made, especially when we are talking about 80's and 90's era movies! It does have a little bit of a 90's nostalgia factor too. If you want mindless, sappy entertainment this might be one to watch but I don't think I would watch it again. I wouldn't go so far as to say this movie sucks, really it isn't that bad. I just thought for the stars that were in it and the budget that it didn't quite live up to its potential.
B001992NW4|5.0|The Exorcist is a timeless classic and obviously the best way to see it is in HD.  Still, Blu Ray releases can sometimes (very rarely, but occasionally) be less-than-impressive or not especially brilliant in comparison to similar DVD releases.<br /><br />Luckily, there's nothing to worry about. The new transfer of The Exorcist kept me awe-struck through the whole thing, a showcase of brilliant clarity and detail that no generation has ever been able to experience at home.  Every scene was deliciously glossy and had that 3D depth about it that makes Blu Ray fanatics giddy with delight.  This release is a classic example of the magic of 1080p and is absolutely worth the DVD upgrade.  Also, it's great to see that it includes both the original theatrical edition and extended director's cut.  (The original is better IMO, but I usually watch the Extended just to experience as much as possible) and crammed with a bunch of interesting extras including audio commentary and a 30 minute bit about the filming of the movie.<br /><br />Overall, if you're an Exorcist fan and are questioning whether or not this HD release is worth getting, rest assured it is.  The picture and audio quality are top notch and obviously restored with diligence and care.  If you've somehow never seen the movie before, now's the time to do it. Blu Ray gives this nearly 40 year old movie a glossy, young look that is just as stunning in appearance as any recent blockbuster.  I will say, however, that if you really want to experience the complexity and brilliance of the story in its full glory, you should look into reading William Peter Blatty's [[ASIN:0061007226 original book]].  It's by far scarier and more shocking than the movie, in my opinion, and fans should definitely check it out.
0439023513|5.0|While reading this book I continuously said \\"this is soooo good\\" over and over and over again. I made the comment that it's great to have a book that is so enjoyable to read. The book made 5 stars on my list before I was even a fourth of the way through it. It stayed at 5 stars the entire time I was reading, that's how much I loved this book. There was no dull moment or any moment that I wanted to read quickly through. Every chapter, every bit of the book was wonderful. This book, along with the rest of the trilogy is one that I would truly read aloud to other people in order to get them to read it.<br /><br />All of the favorite characters are back within this story and a number of them have had drastic changes. There are new issues that arise, some that are never quite solved, but that is realistic and the way it should be. I'm happy that I only broke down and cried once during this book, but it was justly needed at that point, and goes to show you how well written the book is. (I'm not a big book crier. Movies are a different thing.) The only problem I have with the book is that now it's over and that makes me so very sad! Guess I will have start rereading the trilogy!
0525951652|5.0|I preordered this book on Kindle, so everyone knows how much I paid for it. Well, guess what? It was worth it! Fantastic story + history lesson = great way to spend my evenings. I can't wait for the next installment!
B0014NDXGA|1.0|The battery used in this unit is a 3 volt lithium camera battery. It lasts about 20 rounds, and costs about $10. That's about $60 a year for me. I know 8 people who have this unit and they all have the same problem. This is a design defect. Other manufacturers use a 9 volt battery which lasts years and costs half as much. They all give accurate yardage, so that's not an issue. They probably did it to save space. Bad decision!
B003HC8I5M|1.0|Whoever green-lighted this album has a great sense of humor.  If you want to hear karaoke, head to your nearest smoke-filled bar, and you can hear this kind of thing live.    Phil adds nothing...NOTHING to some of the best songs ever recorded.  He may as well have recorded this in the shower, using old Motown instrumental tracks.  Save your money.  Turn on your local oldies station and enjoy the originals.
B0034G4OVS|3.0|I saw a preview on Frozen and thought I would watch it.  I'm not in to these kinds of movies so I wasn't sure how I would like it.  The movie was okay.  Not the best movie I have ever watched, but not the worst either.  The acting and story was okay.  It is scary to think something like that could happen to you.  It was worth watching once, but don't think I would ever watch it again.
1892005034|4.0|Got this book for a workshop, but have been interested in it for a while. Full of really great principles that foster better communication in all sorts of relationships. The workshop I used it for only covered a few chapters, but I read the whole thing and found it to be more relevant than I initially respected. Compassionate communication is all about communicating needs and feelings and exhibiting empathy rather than making value judgments and potentially harmful assumptions. To take it all the way sounds great in theory but nearly impossible in practice, however I have found that utilizing this approach as best I can has helped me greatly in difficult communication situations.     You don't have to see yourself as a poor or violent communicator to grow and improve you communication skills through this method- it can help on every level. And there is always room for improvement in human communications!
B003TSEL7S|5.0|This is the best book I have ever read I fell sorry for anybody that has not read this book yet.
030745455X|5.0|This second in the series book got off to a much faster start then the first.  A real page turner.  I can hardly wait to read the 3rd book and find out what happens to Lizbeth.
B0030ZOYHC|5.0|Brief Review: any Evangelion fan should own this.     Not-so-brief Review: if you're not an Evangelion fan, but a fan of anime in general, this movie will rock your socks off. If you're an Evangelion fan, this has probably been a wet dream at some point in your life. A completely redrawn and reimagined version of the series you already know and love, with enough twists and turns to make it a wholly new and yet familiar experience. The real changes come in Evangelion 2.22, but it seems you'll have to wait a bit for that one.    The Blu-Ray comes with 1080p FullHD image, a 6.1 TruHD and 6.1 Dolby Digital Japanese track and an English track which I haven't tried so I can't really say anything. Sound is superb, animation is one of the best out there and story is... well... Evangelion, so you can expect it to be AWESOME. Package is gorgeous, with an outer cover featuring an original EVA-01 image, and the inner cover is glossy black with an image of Rei on one side and an image of Shinji on the other. It also features a booklet with a sort-of-artbook with a couple of images, but that's just a small bonus.    If you're a fan of the series, this is a dream come true. If you're not, then it's a really good place to start. Evangelion hasn't stayed a cult series for so long because of nothing, trust me.
B001XRLWPQ|5.0|Our son got us started on this show, but the DVD with the extras and no ads made this a thoroughly enjoyable, \\"gotta watch the next episode now\\" experience.  Great acting, in our opinion, with good scripts.  The special deal on seasons one and two bought together was icing on the cake.
B00000255F|5.0|I avoided this album for a long time because I never really liked or understood the appeal of the popular title track. But now that I've listened to it in it's entirety, I must say that \\"Born to Run\\" is definitely worthwhile listening for any classic rock fan and for anybody looking for a not-so-dated sound. One of Bruce Springsteen's few albums that can and must really be listened to from beginning to end; \\"She's the One\\", \\"Meeting Across the River\\", and \\"Jungleland\\" just don't sound right if they're not listened to immediately after \\"Born to Run.\\" I'm not sure if you could call this album his \\"magnum opus\\" (I still very much prefer \\"Greetings from Asbury Park, N.J.\\"), but definitely worthy of a listen. It'll have you out of your seat, playing air guitar, hammering on an imaginary piano, and blowing on an air sax before you can say \\"Tenth Avenue Freeze-Out.\\"
B003F3NDWG|5.0|We finished season one of this show and are unable to put the remote down on the second season.  Thanks Amazon for a great deal.
0143118420|5.0|I'm sure a lot of the details and complexities of the book will be absent in the movie so I strongly recommend reading the book first. Very intimate and courageous account of her path.
B003MZ0I84|4.0|I like Maroon 5, and I say this CD is definitely Maroon 4 (Maybe Maroon 3.7, but I'm using standard rounding rules). Solid, but not spectacular. Of course, I'm listening to it in Maui, so there may be a halo effect. When I go back to seattle, I may adjust my review downward.
0670021652|1.0|I was looking forward to reading this book after reading \\"Eat Pray Love,\\" but was quite disappointed with Gilbert's liberal rant about marriage.  There were some interesting anecdotes of her research, but on the whole, I wish I hadn't even bothered picking it up.  I read to the end, hoping there was something that would redeem the book, but I ended up throwing this book away.
B003UOQMGO|1.0|I came to Amazon to listen to fragments of the tracks on this album, because I heard a story about the album on NPR. I have never heard the original versions of these songs, not any other of Sting's music, nor any other pop music (if I can avoid it). I listen exclusively to what is termed the \\"classical\\" genre. My curiosity was whether a pop singer could create songs that had enough musical content to interest a classical music listener. That has been done before, to my minimal level of satisfaction, for example, by Rick Wakeman. Unfortunately, these song fragments do not have any musical interest to me at all, so Sting failed my test. I admit that it seems unfair to base my opinion on these short fragments, but there is no musical content of interest to me in them, so I feel safe in my conclusion. I remain open to exploring other past, present, and future pop to semi-classical crossover efforts -- suggestions are welcome.
B0006Z2KYI|5.0|The comedy takes place in Poland during the Nazi takeover.  Carole Lombard and Jack Benny are a married couple in the theatre in Warsaw.  Their comedic dealings with the Nazis are poignant to behold.  The vulgarity and rudeness of the Nazis are shocking to say the least.
B0033TJATW|5.0|You are very very fast!  It has been a pleasure doing busines with you!<br /><br />GOD BLESS YOU!!!<br /><br />Melody Karen
B003XRDYX2|5.0|Nine discs which follow the original vinyl releases.  The sound is warm and clean, with good sonic separation.  Each disc is housed in a very substantial cardboard reproduction of the original album jacket.  Inside is a paper sleeve (first album, \\"Bob Dylan\\", only) that reproduces ads (\\"The Sound of Songs...Stereo...Bands...Jazz...Dancing...Fun...on Columbia Records\\") for other (then current) Columbia Records artists-a nice touch.  The album \\"The Times They Are A-Changin'\\" has a lyric sheet insert that's a continuation of the lyrics, printed on the back of the album cover.  The remaining paper sleeves don't have this artwork.  All discs are housed in a substantial cardboard slipcase.  The 56 page booklet contains an overview of Dylan and his career (by noted Dylan writer/critic Greil Marcus) up through the last of these releases.  Included is an album by album chronology, with song titles/dates, and musicians on each album, plus a list of album/singles release dates beginning in 1962 up through 1967.  There's also many new photos of Dylan-in both color and b&w.  The bonus disc, \\"Bob Dylan In Concert Brandeis University 1963\\" is approximately 38 minutes in length, and has pretty good sound.  There's a bit of echo to Dylan's voice, but overall, the recording is very worthwhile.  The disc is in a cardboard jacket which, on the back, uses a reproduction of a ticket stub from the concert, with a list of the songs and other interesting concert information-another nice touch.  There's also a digital download that has the song \\"Positively 4th Street\\" (in mono) as a bonus-that can be found on the single album of tracks taken from this box set.<br /><br />I came to Dylan, through a friend, somewhere in the summer of \\"The Freewheelin' Bob Dylan\\" in 1963.  I had heard the first album, but \\"Freewheelin'\\" was the first record that told me there was something to this Dylan guy.  The next two albums had songs I liked, but it wasn't until \\"Bringing It All Back Home\\" that Dylan delivered what I heard as a devastatingly good rock 'n' roll record.  This same friend also told me about a movie Dylan was in with my favorite song \\"Subterranean Homesick Blues\\" in it.  We went on a Saturday with all the other people who seemed hip (we all thought we were privy to something others didn't know) to what Dylan was all about.  Wow-that was it!  Dylan was all over the car radio-AM, there weren't any FM rock stations.  And as rock writers/historians have written, you really could, once in a while, walk down the street and hear Dylan blaring from kids windows.  That impressed me.  All the above is just a prelude to this wonderful box set of mono albums.  In that long ago era we first heard Dylan in mono-on our little \\"pocket-size\\" transistor radios, or on our simple record players-the kind with the speaker built into the box under the (slightly wobbly) turntable.  Stereo albums were around, but they cost a dollar more-a lot for teenagers in those days.  And now this box set brings back that illusive sound that captured so many people's ears, when each Dylan record was fresh and new and exciting.<br /><br />As most people know, these albums were originally meant to be heard in monophonic sound.  They were recorded with mono sound in mind-something Dylan thought was very important to his sound on (then) albums.  Stereo releases of some of the original vinyl albums had fairly harsh separation between the voice and the instrument (s)-stereo was almost an afterthought at the time.  Back in the days of car radios (with one tiny speaker!), or a simple home record player (before the emergence of widespread stereo use in later years), mono sound was very important.  And this doesn't include the (originally mono) horrific sounding \\"re-channeled for stereo\\" records that were released for a time before people heard how horrible they were.  This music (at the time) was meant to be heard  through one speaker-no matter if it was a quality speaker or something simpler.  I still recall hearing Bob Dylan, JEFFERSON AIRPLANE, and other groups of the era in full, powerful mono sound.  And while stereo Dylan albums were sold concurrently (which I, too, bought), a number of people (like me) still clung to their mono copies of cherished bands/musicians.  And Dylan was at the forefront as an example of what immediate, powerful sounding music (especially the acoustic tracks), listened to in glorious monophonic sound, could be.<br /><br />Good mono sound is truly something to hear.  Today's younger listeners don't know the pleasure of good, uncluttered monophonic sound.  No left/right channels, no voice/instrument splitting from two or more speakers-just great sound, like you hear at a rock concert that has a line of amplifiers putting out that sound.  Live music,for me, is heard by the ears/mind in monophonic sound-it's only at home (or in the car) that music is heard in left-right separated stereo, with some engineer's idea of what the music should sound like, by splitting the music into parts-if he thought about it at all.  Sometimes stereo was an afterthought in the early days.<br /><br />These albums, now well known, have a subtle power and presence that's missing in stereo.  The pure sound of Dylan's voice and guitar/band is very immediate sounding.  Now, with these albums remastered, that sound is even better.  All of these albums (especially the solo/acoustic tracks) benefit from mono sound.  Dylan's voice has more power and presence than in the stereo releases.  And the albums where Dylan is backed by a band (especially a full electric band), the power of those musicians comes through loud and clear.  But there is a curious difference, with several instruments plus voice, sometimes a particular instrument isn't as loud sounding in the mix as heard on the stereo release.  That's not a bad thing, just different.  And while the recent stereo remasters are fine indeed, for people of a certain age (like me) these mono releases are truly fine sounding.  Will these albums replace the stereo versions?  No.  Is this a better way to hear Dylan?  Possibly.  Along with THE BEATLES mono releases, this set is something many people have only dreamed about.  Now, that dream has come true.  Listen and hear for yourself.ll recall hearing Bob Dylan, JEFFERSON AIRPLANE, and other groups of the era in full, powerful mono sound.  And while stereo Dylan albums were sold concurrently (which I, too, bought), a number of people (like me) still clung to their mono copies of cherished bands/musicians.  And Dylan was at the forefront as an example of what immediate, powerful sounding music (especially the acoustic tracks), listened to in glorious monophonic sound, could be.<br /><br />Good mono sound is truly something to hear.  Today's younger listeners don't know the pleasure of good, uncluttered monophonic sound.  No left/right channels, no voice/instrument splitting from two or more speakers-just great sound, like you hear at a rock concert that has a line of amplifiers putting out that sound.  Live music,for me, is heard by the ears/mind in monophonic sound-it's only at home (or in the car) that music is heard in left-right separated stereo, with some engineer's idea of what the music should sound like, by splitting the music into parts-if he thought about it at all.  Sometimes stereo was an afterthought in the early days.<br /><br />These albums, now well known, have a subtle power and presence that's missing in stereo.  The pure sound of Dylan's voice and guitar/band is very immediate sounding.  Now, with these albums remastered, that sound is even better.  All of these albums (especially the solo/acoustic tracks) benefit from mono sound.  Dylan's voice has more power and presence than in the stereo releases.  And the albums where Dylan is backed by a band (especially a full electric band), the power of those musicians comes through loud and clear.  But there is a curious difference, with several instruments plus voice, sometimes a particular instrument isn't as loud sounding in the mix as heard on the stereo release.  That's not a bad thing, just different.  And while the recent stereo remasters are fine indeed, for people of a certain age (like me) these mono releases are truly finesounding.  Will these albums replace the stereo versions?  No.  Is this a better way to hear Dylan?  Possibly.  Along with THE BEATLES mono releases, this set is something many people have only dreamed about.  Now, that dream has come true.  Listen and hear for yourself.
B000BYA5GE|1.0|Shipment never arrived. First two months the system did not allow to claim about the shipment because it would still be on time. Now claiming about it is no longer possible, as the order is older than 60 days.
1416589473|5.0|This book provides lots of excitement as well as background information that make playing the current GuildWars games more enjoyable.  They do a beautiful job of immersing you in the story both through the book and the game and the two mediums intertwine and compliment each other.  Gamers who read the book can put new game events in much better context (I am trying not to spoil anything and it is harder than I thought).  I think this is a great addition and would buy the next book for sure.  Great Job Matt Forbeck, Jeff Grubb, and the talented people at ArenaNet for providing even more value to the phenomenon known as GuildWars that surpasses the \\"Rent-to-Play\\" or \\"Pay-to-Win\\" of other MMO's.
B003JXUXPW|5.0|I was in Selma with my family, visiting my grandparents, when the police riot occurred.  We were in my grandparents' house, 4 blocks up the street from where the real action was.    Gregory Porter, with this amazing piece you essentially recreated for me the feelings of bewilderment and fear I had as a 6-year-old boy who didn't understand why he couldn't go out into the back yard to play, why he couldn't go near the windows, why his dad and granddad were arguing over whether granddad could say the n-word in front of his grandchildren in his own house.    It was the only time I ever saw my dad stand up to may grandfather.    When the latter welcomed the former at the pearly gates, I'm sure there was an apology and an amends.      I cannot blame my grandfather for the culture in which he was raised.  And I am grateful for my father, who broke that culture in our lineage so I wouldn't have to.    God bless you, Gregory Porter.  Keep up the good work.
B000O8OTNC|5.0|This small, lightweight sharpner is perfect for my EDC. I can keep a sharp edge with it.
B003PIUC02|5.0|Starz' series Sparatcus Season 1 takes place before the events so famously portrayed by Kirk Douglas some 50 years ago in [[ASIN:B00005A8TY Spartacus - Criterion Collection]]. Season one takes place almost entirely in the ludus (Gladiator training school) where Spartacus was taken for his refusal to continue following a particularly argonant and incompetent roman general.  Amazingly, all of season 1 sets the background and builds the character for Spartacus.  Season 1 develops the motivation for the leader of the greatest slave revolt in antiquity.<br /><br />Some have mentioned this series immediate ancestors: HBO's [[ASIN:B0028RXXFC Rome: The Complete Series [Blu-ray]]] and [[ASIN:B001LF2WCC 300: The Complete Experience (Blu-ray Book and BD-Live)]].  This seems to be a fairly accurate reference point. Spartacus has plenty of the conniving Roman family politics (and sex) that we loved in HBO's Rome.  And Spartacus contains plenty of stylized blood that echoes from 300.  However, Spartacus stands well on its own.<br /><br />The stylized blood lends itself well to arena combat.  And the writers and producers of Spartacus did their homework: just as Romans had innumerable combinations of Gladiatorial combat, so too does Season 1 show an incredible array of warriors fighting with weapons, teams, and solo.  The stylized bloodletting lends itself well to the \\"spectacle\\" of Roman gladiatorial games.<br /><br />The actors are brilliant in this series.  Spartacus' characters in all their humanity and politicing, and fighting, makes the whole transcend both the blood and sex of the show.  The plot is tightly written, which makes the series fantastic to own on DVD/blu-ray.  Waiting from week to week at the end of each cliff-hanger episode would have been torture.<br /><br />While Kirk Douglas' Spartacus was superb in its own right, Andy Whitfield's Spartacus seems so much more completely human.  Andy Whitfield plays a Spartacus who is tortured and torn while also displaying love wisdom and cunning when needed.<br /><br />The real comparison will be when Spartacus Season 2 is released.  Whitfield will be reprising many of the events from Kubrick's film.<br /><br />The Blu-ray edition also has MovieIQ which details the actors and some notes on scenes throughout each episode.n needed.      The real comparison will be when Spartacus Season 2 is released.  Whitfield will be reprising many of the events from Kubrick's film.      The Blu-ray edition also has MovieIQ which details the actors and some notes on scenes throughout each episode.
B003ITZBW2|5.0|This animation was done so well, great story, lots of action and I love the way Neil Patrick Harris did with Nightwing, he has always been a favorite character in the DC universe, nice to see him get some glory in this film.  If you are a batman fan of any type, and you have any doubts about the animation movies that DC puts out, then you will not be disappointed with this one.  It will surely be a hit to keep.
B003EYVY04|1.0|I was very excited to see an extended version of both the third and fourth installments in the Harry Potter series.  Sadly, it came to my attention that the studio (WB) decided to release the pricey DVD's  without them being extended.  So we will get the continued documentary and a couple of extras that are pretty pointless and the same movie we have always had.  No matter what the reason was for them releasing it this way, it is very disappointing because they advertised the entire series to be coming out as EXTENDED....I bought the first two (after already owning them on regular edition DVD) only to find out it was a waste of time because the rest of the series may not be extended... what's the point?
0226039331|5.0|this is without a doubt the most comprehensive and complete resource for biblical greek.  it is absolutely necessary if you are going to study, or have studied, greek.  the extensive notes and scholarship is a most helpful aid in translating.  i would not even attempt to translate a text without having this reference book at my side.  it can be a bit cumbersome and some of the abbreviations and such can be confusing, but regular use and reading the opening material (as well as having a good teacher) can help you understand what they mean.  i know this is a short review, but this is not the type of book one reads and reflects on as one does with a novel or text book or even the bible.  it is a reference book so it is meant to be used as a tool, and it is, in my opinion, the best and most useful tool of this kind.      and don't be intimidated by greek, its fun (albeit not easy) and it will help open the bible to you in new and sometimes even amazing ways.
0307593525|4.0|A cookbook without pictures these days is just silly.  I understand that this is NOT a recent work and is therefore excused on that point.  That aside....the book(s) is excellent.  The recipes are described very well and unlike other cookbooks, some of the procedures have a reason WHY.  Nice.  My wife and I have decided to try the recipes for special occasions making it a day-long event:  choosing various recipes for a complete meal including desert, going shopping together to buy the ingredients, preparing everything together and then enjoying the meal together with a glass of our favorite wine.  I highly recommend the book----at least for THAT purpose.
B000002UVX|5.0|I am Azanian, so I was nowhere near the happening. However, I bought the album as soon as it became available. And, since then, it remains unequalled. This album is so different to any he did with the 'Jimi Hendrix Experience' (which I also love), because this was Jimi trying to get the attention of black America, Hendrix getting back to his roots. So there is more funk a la Sly & the Family Stone, but it's still solidly and indubitably Hendrix all the way (consider the originality of his covers of Dylan songs and 'Wild Thing' at Monterey!). Whatever the motives for producing this masterpiece, Band of Gypsys undoubtedly showcases Hendrix at his quintessential creative zenith. What I also love about this album is that it demostrates that jazz was undisputedly one of the driving forces behind good 60s rock music (think also of Santana, Traffic, even ISB...!). There is simply no other album quite like this. I place it alongside Chopin's Piano Concertos and Bach's Cello Suites as amongst the most creative and moving music ever to have been inspired by the Gods. This is the soma juice of planet rock. If you have this album, along with Sticky Fingers (Stones), Led Zeppelin II, Santana 'Abraxas' & Dark side of the Moon (Pink Floyd), you have everything that rock of the 60s and early 70s could ever possibly offer. Everything that comes thereafter is but some inferior permutation or combintaion of what the master has done. Why settle for the slice when you can have the whole cake?
144233620X|5.0|This is a wonderful, but also sad story. My husband has Alzheimer's and this really hit home. It was also very enlightening.    I will help you truly understand.  Well written, compassionate and complete.  A must read or listen to.
B003UESJDI|5.0|Stephen Frears has shot a marvelous comedy with this film. A social comedy for sure about rural England. A farm transformed into a guesthouse for writers and all it means to be able to write in the peace and quiet of the countryside with only the chirping of birds and the stampeding of cows around you. And yet the village is big enough to have a nice pub and a few other fundamental entertainments of that type, but it's true nothing else. Then he adds the writers themselves. In fact two are standing out. The husband of the farmer's wife is a detective thriller writer, which makes the farmer's wife a writer's wife and the farmer a writer, then who is the farmer? The second one that counts is the American university professor on a sabbatical to write a book on Thomas Hardy. The first one is unfaithful by principle and his wife is as blind as mole. The second one is unmarried and as shy as an old bat. The wife of whatever he is, farmer or writer, is blind for one and is naïve for two. Then throw into that set of stiff quibbles, and we all know why the males are stiff, a young chick from the press, Fleet Street, on a mission with a brand new surgical nose and the whole little microcosm of this world explodes, especially when she brings a rock star in the picture with a dog that hates cows. You can imagine the stampeding of males at the door of the young woman, and of the little girls who want to touch the rock star, and of the cows in the fields. There will be some victims, essentially a man and a dog but I won't tell you which man and whose dog. But it is hilarious because it is a case of perfect English slightly black humor, and blacker does not exist. To be Shakespearian only a few boys dressed as girls and vice versa are missing, and maybe a play in the play, like some puppets playing their own string and rod story. And everything ends well with the police and a burial, with some tears and some solace, with some peace after the battle and battles to come after the respite. Good job, Mr. Frears, and see you next time.<br /><br />Dr Jacques COULARDEAU, University Paris 1 Pantheon Sorbonne, University Paris 8 Saint Denis, University Paris 12 Cr&eacute;teil, CEGIDespite. Good job, Mr. Frears, and see you next time.    Dr Jacques COULARDEAU, University Paris 1 Pantheon Sorbonne, University Paris 8 Saint Denis, University Paris 12 Créteil, CEGID
0312600844|3.0|Was somewhat disappointed.  Seemed to get lost in several places.  Was glad that I read it but would not recommend it.  Not the best like I was led to believe.
B0018CMJSU|5.0|I have to admit, having read some reviews here and elsewhere, I half expected the Coppola Restoration to be an ugly mess.  However, I decided to try it because the extras were so enticing.  I'm glad I did.  The results are great.  The complaints about dirt and color that I have seen are exaggerated and inaccurate.  Some people just have no idea how to adjust a tv.  Yes, there are a couple of spots in the first film that show a speck of dust or two, one big bit of debris in the middle for a moment, along with a few headlights and a lamp that look a tiny bit too bright - not a big tally considering this movie was released in 1972, and hasn't been seen in it's true glory since then.  I also saw some complaints about the picture and sound for Part 3.  Don't believe them.  It should be noted that Part Three is not really part of the \\"restoration\\" however.  It is simply included for completeness.  So, if you saw the previous dvd of Part 3, it will look the same here.<br /><br />The extras are very good - better than most dvd junk extras.  A little self-congratulatory, but I figure the Godfather has earned the right to pat itself on the back.  The extra scenes are great if you've never seen them before.  They are far from essential, but satisfying for the completist.  Especially (SPOILER ALERT) a scene that ties up Apollonia's murder, Tom's return from his abduction which shows that he is, indeed, loved as a brother, and a bit more on the Consiglieri that Tom is supposed to replace.<br /><br />Bottom line is, if you don't care about extras, and you own an older version that you like, this set is unnecessary.  But if you have interest in the extras, or always felt the older release looked dull and faded, this is the thing that will scratch your itch.
B001KDQ4KQ|5.0|This was an excellent book; which had me involved from beginning to end.  I totally recommend this book to you all.
1427210497|2.0|Jonathan what happened to hysterical realism?<br /><br />I still can't escape the memories of The Corrections, the depth of characters, their comically tragic reality, the novel's witty essence. Alfred and Enid are still alive in my mind, Denise with her failed relationship, Gary with his stubbornness, Chip with his maverick attitude.<br /><br />And now? Freedom? Really?<br /><br />What happened? Why do you terrorize my time with useless details of the biographical account of less than deserving female? Can there be a comparison between Enid and Patty? Between Walter and Alfred?  Where The Corrections succeeded with its exuberant performance Freedom failed. Freedom failed in its lengthy but unnecessary prose, in its worthless relationships, shallow characterization, and lack of sad humor.<br /><br />I am sorry Jonathan. I read all your other books. All of them. Strong Motion was powerful. The Discomfort Zone was unforgettable. The Twenty-Seventh City was brilliant. How To Be Alone was heartbreaking.<br /><br />And Freedom?<br /><br />Oh, Jonathan...
B0002TJGQS|5.0|Was very pleased with the batteries and also with Amazon.com.<br /><br />Everything was excellent.  Will certainly order from them again.
0793563836|4.0|As with all of Hal Leonard's lesson books this Bass Method collection is a great and intuitive way to learn more bass.  For people who cannot read music, I would absolutely recommend this Method collection as it will teach you fundamentals that will serve you for the rest of your bass career.  The one thing that is frustrating for me is the lack of \\"popular songs\\" in this collection.  Although there is some great music to play along with, it gets old practicing to music you have no relationship with.   The songs in this program are all \\"factory\\" type music: generic matching of musical styles to give you practice playing in varieties of tempos, styles, rhythms and patterns.  There is nothing wrong with these midi band songs, but I would suggest learning some of your favorite songs in between lessons so that you keep it fresh and fun.      At the end of the day, if you practice and learn all three of these Method's you will be very proficient on the bass.  Being able to play along with multiple styles of music, as well as be able to site read a large quantity of sheet music for and intermediate player.  I think you will also walk away with a good ear for chord structure and changes and be able to effectively jam with friends and other musicians.  Good luck :)
B002VECM6S|5.0|BEST MOVIE I EVER SAW!! DVD WAS JUST AS ADVERTISED AND ARRIVED AHEAD OF TIME! GREAT SELLER.
0767817664|5.0|I was born in 1980, and this movie made up a large part of my childhood.  My mother recorded it when it was released on HBO and I wore the tape out.  Now I have the DVD and the nostalgia just keeps coming.  It is still as good as it was 23 years ago.
B001P3SA94|5.0|PRODUCT ARRIVED AHEAD OF TIME. IT WAS IN GREAT CONDITION. WOULD DO BUSINESS WITH THIS SELLER AGAIN!!!
0312600844|2.0|What a bore -- the author is totally self-absorbed and rambles on and on and on.  Several times rude and crude and pointless.  The subjects in the book are so pathetic and depressing it takes me a while to get out of a funk after I put the book down.  I won't buy another book from him - and I'm wondering about Oprah W. since she highly recommended it.  What was she thinking?
0451228375|2.0|[[VIDEOID:moLZWTCZMEPL2I]]It's hard to talk about this book without giving too much away, so here is my video review.
B001P9EQH8|4.0|definite improvement in what I'd call \\"details\\" of the sound. Just sounds more realistic. With iPod Touch G3 and Klipsch Image in-ear phones
0316077054|5.0|I have never read \\"Beautiful Creatures\\" so I don't know how \\"Beautiful Darkness\\" compares - but it is really good.  I am staying with someone who had the book so I started reading it and haven't been able to put it down.  Definitely hooks you.  The set up is great - Lena who is 16 and is sort of  a super creature called a \\"Caster\\"  has to choose between Light and Dark - good or bad.  She has a mortal boyfriend named Ethan who has to agonize with her.  It is set beautifully in the South - or at least a very cool version of the South.  Fantastic descriptions of the food, landscape and characters.  A very fun book.  I think I want to live in Gatlin!
0312600844|1.0|Oprah needs to read the books I read. She knows nothing about good books. Only ordered this book because she raved  about it. I was very disappointed. Kept reading it, thinking it has got to get better. And at times it did for a little while.  Then it was rambling again. Very sorry I bought it. I won't even give it away.
0812974786|2.0|One symptom of the Myth of Progress is the belief that any new translation is automatically better than an older one. Publishers thrive thanks to this myth, enabling them to come out with a \\"new\\" translation every five years or five minutes, as circumstances permit. This Bernofsky translation, utterly unnecessary, exists thanks to that myth and to the publisher's greed, and should be avoided.<br /><br />Why should it be avoided?  Is it at least as good as the existing Rosner translation?  No.<br /><br />Pedants will tell you that the Rosner translation is full of \\"errors\\". This is because they don't know what a translation is supposed to accomplish. A pedantic review over on the better Rosner translation's page claims that Rosner makes a mistake in the first sentence: instead of \\"sallow wood\\" it should read \\"forest of sal trees\\". The review neglects to realize that \\"sallow\\", besides meaning yellow or jaundiced, can also refer to a type of tree.<br /><br />But even taken as an error -- it is a minor thing compared to the nauseating, misfiring sentences produced in Bernofksy's version. A translation should match the pace and the tenor of the original. Bernosky's English instead is frequently a morass.  Rosner's translation has a clear rhythm and a comprehensible meaning like the original.  Bernofsky almost always opts for the figurative and the weak, while Rosner goes for the direct -- like the original.  Take one case from the German:<br /><br />\\"Sonne br&auml;unte seine lichten Schultern am Flu&szlig;ufer [...]\\"<br /><br />Rosner has: \\"The sun browned his slender shoulders on the riverbank [...]\\"<br /><br />Bernofsky has instead: \\"Sunlight darkened his fair shoulders on the riverbank [...]\\"<br /><br />Ever had the sun \\"darken\\" your shoulders?  How about brown or tan.  \\"Darken\\"?<br /><br />The same charge -- that a translation is \\"full of errors\\" -- is levelled at all the best translations, translations that succeed at conveying the original's overall effect.  Bly's \\"Hunger\\", Kaufmann's Nietzsche, etc. are all accused of having \\"errors\\" that are always pedantic and minor.  It is because they are *too* good.  And publishers want a reason to publish new editions, and academics want to get lost in the minutiae, so these new translations come out that are full of \\"nuance\\" -- only when a non-native speaker is comparing it to the original and doing ad hoc translating.<br /><br />This translation, for being water that seems to just drip through the fingers, makes me want to go back and evaluate her translations of Walser.hat are always pedantic and minor.  It is because they are *too* good.  And publishers want a reason to publish new editions, and academics want to get lost in the minutiae, so these new translations come out that are full of \\"nuance\\" -- only when a non-native speaker is comparing it to the original and doing ad hoc translating.    This translation, for being water that seems to just drip through the fingers, makes me want to go back and evaluate her translations of Walser.
B001IYCMNA|5.0|I was asked to add wireless access to our office network. Our equipment is all Cisco so I figured I'd keep it in the family.    Device setup was uneventful. I plugged a PC into it and configured it before connecting it to the switch. We are not using PoE. BTW, you can find updated firmware without registering at Cisco.    Performance is good and users are happy. Downsides are there is no way to reduce the signal strength, help screens are spotty, and I have never gotten e-mail alerts to work.
0962477060|5.0|Ever tried to navigate a maze with invisible walls?<br />That is what learning guitar once felt like to me. Read a tab, run the maze, hit a flat or sharp note and start over. I would hit that invisible wall and try to think of my mistake as 4th feat second string. Now I recognize that I had left a scale form and because of this music is much easier to remember.<br />After working through this series in addition to Guitar Fretboard Workbook by<br />Barrett Tagliarino I now see the maze of scales and my movements are more fluid and planned. I can now accidently hit two or three notes from a riff and suddenly know where to go next to finish it without looking at at the tab or attempting to play it before then.<br /><br />I highly recommend this series in addition to Guitar Fretboard Workbook by<br />Barrett Tagliarino. Both books cover the same theories but approach it in different ways.<br />If your calluses are formed and you're ready to start playing more than chords on the first five frets this book is for you.
B003XCVQ3C|5.0|I dont understand why apple does not put built in hdmi port even $300 laptop has.and makes us to pay 3rd party sellers any way this supports audio perfectly and stylish aluminum design.
B003YNFYD8|5.0|One previous Amazon reviewer previously says of the \\"Blue album\\" that this is \\"the Old Testament for me\\". This is fully endorsed since the both the Blue and Red Albums were the starting point for many of the love affair with the Fabs particularly prior to the age of downloading and at a time when the \\"White Album\\" required a mortgage to purchase. The first time I bought this was on pre recorded cassette in the late seventies. It snapped at least three times but I carefully prized open the cassette case, gingerly stuck the tape back together with sellotape and constantly \\"put it back into the ring\\" like a beat up old prize fighter (I still have it). Its sound quality was awful but it was the Beatles music post 1967 for godsake, probably the greatest pop music ever recorded and there was no way that you could live without it.<br /><br />Examining today this remaster coming hot on the heels of 2009's recent remastering in the brilliant Box set, the Blue Album still ranks as one of the great music compilations. With 28 tracks lasting 95 minutes it is much longer than the Red album and draws most heavily on tracks from the \\"Magical Mystery Tour\\" with seven songs present. St Pepper, the White Album, Let it Be and Abbey Road all get four each and there are some surprising omissions like \\"She's leaving home\\" the \\"Golden slumbers trio\\", \\"Blackbird\\" and \\"Yer Blues\\". The rest are singles and in the case of George Harrison's superb \\"Old Brown Shoe\\" initially a B Side to the \\"Ballad of John and Yoko\\".<br /><br />There is not suggestion however that it should be changed or tampered with since somehow the sequencing on this album is perfect starting with \\"Strawberry fields\\" and ending with the \\"Long and Winding Road\\". In between you get Lennon's behemoth \\"A Day in the Life\\" interspersed with McCartney's \\"Woke up, got out of bed\\" bridge still standing as the greatest Beatles song. Listening again you remain blown away by the relentless procession of one classic song after another. Some other personal highlights are the pure pop of McCartney's \\"Hello Goodbye\\", Harrison's epic ballad \\"Something\\" (check out James Browns great cover), Lennon's precursor to heavy metal \\"Come together\\" while dear old Ringo gets his token song in the amusing \\"Octopus Garden\\". Side One probably has the more famous songs but Side Two are strangely the songs I listen to most. Some minor gripes include the fact that \\"Ob-La-Di, Ob-La-Da\\" remains with \\"Maxwell's Silver Hammer\\" one of the most irritating Beatles songs ever, while Joe Cocker's cover of \\"With a little help from my friends\\" is probably better than the original.<br /><br />Overall even if you don't own a CD player or any Music equipment you should still own this album! Someone once said that everyone who listened to the Velvets seminal first album formed a band. It's probably true, but equally everyone who listened to the Red and the Blue albums discovered the benchmark that any new band with pretensions to greatness must aspire to. No one has reached that benchmark yet and perhaps they never will.Some other personal highlights are the pure pop of McCartney's \\"Hello Goodbye\\", Harrison's epic ballad \\"Something\\" (check out James Browns great cover), Lennon's precursor to heavy metal \\"Come together\\" while dear old Ringo gets his token song in the amusing \\"Octopus Garden\\". Side One probably has the more famous songs but Side Two are strangely the songs I listen to most. Some minor gripes include the fact that \\"Ob-La-Di, Ob-La-Da\\" remains with \\"Maxwell's Silver Hammer\\" one of the most irritating Beatles songs ever, while Joe Cocker's cover of \\"With a little help from my friends\\" is probably better than the original.<br /><br />Overall even if you don't own a CD player or any Music equipment you should still own this album! Someone once said that everyone who listened to the Velvets seminal first album formed a band. It's probably true, but equally everyone who listened to the Red and the Blue albums discovered the benchmark that any new band with pretensions to greatness must aspire to. No one has reached that benchmark yet and perhaps they never will.
B002VPE1B6|5.0|Great movie and animation. My wife thought it was a kiddie movie until she watch it. She's now letting everyone know how much we both enjoyed it.
B003ZJUIG4|5.0|While never questioning the brilliance of the surge of artists that came out of the UK two tone movement there was at one time in the early 80s when the ska bandwagon so big it could have rivalled American Trucking Association. Not that Dexys Midnight Runners ever fully jumped on it, as Kevin Rowland announced in 1980 \\"we didn't want to become part of anyone else's movement. We'd rather be our own movement\\". Over a career characterised by risk taking on a epic scale this band produced a range of brilliant albums and mutated through images ranging from \\"on the waterfront chic\\" - this album, the raggle taggle gypsy look - \\"Too Rye Aye\\" to an American preppy college assemblage - \\"Don't stand me down\\" (Rowland's outfit on \\"My Beauty\\" will pass without comment here!). The music changed with the look and was on occasions wilfully perverse yet never dull or safe.<br /><br />Dexys were a music collective subject to the exercise of almost totalitarian discipline and control by Rowland that paid off in terms of commitment and passion. Dexys missionary zeal for what they did was only matched by the Clash. This was a band that effortlessly took the raw energy and fury of punk rock and stirred it in a very large pot containing everything from ska to Caledonian soul, from rootsy R & B to rock and punk to Irish folk. In this sense the iconic album cover acknowledged Rowland's Irish roots by setting out a photo of a young boy carrying his belongings in a suitcase as a result of the Belfast evictions in 1969.<br /><br />Was it 30 years ago that that blast of British soul assaulted us and left us wanting more? Still today the sheer brazen confidence of \\"Burn it down\\" (formerly Dance Stance) starting with a scan across a crackling radio station playing respectively Deep Purple, The Sex Pistols and then the Specials is inspiring. As those horns blast and the chorus kicks in \\"never heard about Oscar Wilde/don't want know about Brendan Behan/ don't think about Shaun O'Casey/ don't care about George Bernard Shaw/won't talk about Gene O'Neil/ won't know about Edna O'Brian/won't think about Laurence Sterne\\" its sets out a new soul vision in the dreary context of Thatcherism and was a scathing attack on the anti-Irish jokes which seemed to be everywhere at the time. This is reinforced by the stunning last song \\"There, There my dear\\" where Rowland stops and highlights his search for the young soul rebels. Frankly he needn't have bothered looking since he had found them in this band particularly with his deeply troubled relationship with soul mate 'Al'' Archer.<br /><br />In between these two songs there are the huge highs of \\"Tell me when my light turns green\\", a nice bit of poetry \\"Love Part 1\\" and possibly the greatest soul song ever recorded by a British band \\"I couldn't help it if I tried\\" which mixes Al Green influences with Otis Redding and somehow comes out sounding totally original (The Manchester Square demo on the extras disc is amazingly good). Ok \\"Geno\\" still seems to soundtrack every crap disco and drunken wedding but at the time it sounded great, while there is more emotion and feeling ploughed into the instrumental \\"Team who meet in Caffs\\" than the average band can muster on a whole LP.<br /><br />The extras here are also good although the Peel and Jensen sessions have been around a while and whatever version it comes in I still hate \\"Thankfully not living in Yorkshire it doesn't apply\\" with a vengeance. But minor gripes overall, indeed what a joy in addition to have \\"Plan B\\" included here since more than any Dexys song it captures the sheer intensity and power of the band and reduces this reviewer to a wreck everytime it plays. The remaster on this album is immaculate thus for the modest price of this album you get feast of music from one of the most important British bands of any decade. Once in a classic episode Homer Simpson once predicted: \\"you haven't heard the last of Dexys Midnight Runners\\", what a visionary that man is.rnard Shaw/won't talk about Gene O'Neil/ won't know about Edna O'Brian/won't think about Laurence Sterne\\" its sets out a new soul vision in the dreary context of Thatcherism and was a scathing attack on the anti-Irish jokes which seemed to be everywhere at the time. This is reinforced by the stunning last song \\"There, There my dear\\" where Rowland stops and highlights his search for the young soul rebels. Frankly he needn't have bothered looking since he had found them in this band particularly with his deeply troubled relationship with soul mate 'Al'' Archer.     In between these two songs there are the huge highs of \\"Tell me when my light turns green\\", a nice bit of poetry \\"Love Part 1\\" and possibly the greatest soul song ever recorded by a British band \\"I couldn't help it if I tried\\" which mixes Al Green influences with Otis Redding and somehow comes out sounding totally original (The Manchester Square demo on the extras disc is amazingly good). Ok \\"Geno\\" still seems to soundtrack every crap disco and drunken wedding but at the time it sounded great, while there is more emotion and feeling ploughed into the instrumental \\"Team who meet in Caffs\\" than the average band can muster on a whole LP.     The extras here are also good although the Peel and Jensen sessions have been around a while and whatever version it comes in I still hate \\"Thankfully not living in Yorkshire it doesn't apply\\" with a vengeance. But minor gripes overall, indeed what a joy in addition to have \\"Plan B\\" included here since more than any Dexys song it captures the sheer intensity and power of the band and reduces this reviewer to a wreck everytime it plays. The remaster on this album is immaculate thus for the modest price of this album you get feast of music from one of the most important British bands of any decade. Once in a classic episode Homer Simpson once predicted: \\"you haven't heard the last of Dexys Midnight Runners\\", what a visionary that man is.
0880796863|4.0|These were an awesome choice for my first Tarot, the are easily labeled and beautiful.  The little book offered lots of isight, especially being written in 1910 by Arthur Waite.  A big hard to read, due tot he outdated wording, but beneficial nonetheless.
B003AYZBPW|5.0|This book is an important contribution by Smolin that was desperately needed by the Physics community. Twelve years ago I moved away from research in Physics for many of the reasons that Smolin explains with detail in this book. It was difficult to pursue a career investigating what I think really matters in Theoretical Physics today - the very fundamentals of the world out there. I think today too many (perhaps most) of the researchers just pursue a career developing aspects that hardly add anything new or revolutionary to our understanding of the world. But that is the only way of pursue a successful career in Physics research.  The alternative, therefore, is either to try to explore what really matters and sacrifice your career or pursue a career working in things that really will not add much to our understanding of world. This is a very sad situation and it is the main cause of the current crisis.       I believed that real progress in Physics will only come from people that are outside the main Physics community, people that are really able to think out of the box. I still think that way. Out there, somewhere there is going to be someone who will come up with the next great idea that will put an end to this crisis in Physics.
0671449028|4.0|This is a great book to read to babies and toddlers, as it is fun to read, and the kids really enjoy hearing it. They never seem to tire of it!    The rhythm of the sentences allow the reader to get into it and have fun with how you read it to the child. If they are getting sleepy and just need a little nudge, you can do it calmly and it's a good way to settle them down to sleep. If they're a little wound up and just need a release, you can interject all kinds of sounds and extras to go with the words and the illustrations.    If you have a small child, or you are looking for a good baby shower gift, this book is definitely a smart purchase!
B0041OOJNU|5.0|On Sale el Sol, Shakira really shines! The album has a very complex, yet surprinsingly relaxed feel to it. She spent 2 years recording for the album, and it shows. Every note and word give amazing detail to each song. The album is very coherent, but none of the songs sound alike, they all have different feel to them and different vocal ranges from Shakira. Quite simply put, this is the best album in 2010 by a woman.
0689829590|5.0|He is a little over 2 and never gets tired of it, I really enjoy reading it to him.
B0021L8V1G|4.0|I read a lot of reviews about Iron Man II before I watched this movie.  I really liked the first Iron Man movie and the animated movie that came out also.  Both of them were excellent! I first started reading Iron Man stories in the old Tales to Suspense from Marvel comics.  I loved the fact that his armor would evolve as the years went on.  But 2 things happened that made me look at him closer.  One was his problem with alcohol.  He got lost in the bottle.  Later was when he revealed to the world that Tony Stark was Iron Man.  I liked the fact that Tony Stark appeared more human with a real human flaw but never really liked the fact that his identity was public knowledge.  But I still bought the comics and even read a majority of them.  Now we have Iron Man in the movies and it's simply great.  Ray Downey Jr is  simply the best at playing Tony Stark a.k.a. Iron Man and Gyneth Paltrow plays a very good Pepper Potts.  They make this franchise work with their dialogue and romantic tension.    If you're looking  for a good sequel to the first movie then you've found it with Iron Man II.  The plot is well written , the story/main characters are well developed , the action scenes are excellent and the music rocks.  It's my hope that in the next Iron Man that an old time enemy of Iron Man shows up. Like: Titanium Man or The Mandarin.  If you're a fan of Iron Man then this is great movie for you. Check it out and you'll see what I mean.
B003YNFYCO|5.0|I must admit to feeling a bit foolish for buying the Red & Blue albums AGAIN this time, despite already owning the Mono Box and the 9/9/9 Abbey Rd and Let It Be editions.  The reason I got these is that when I first owned Beatles music on vinyl, I actually had these Red & Blue sets before I got most of the individual Beatles albums (except Abbey Rd & the White album).  I've most likely listened to Red & Blue as much or more often than the individual albums. The specific sequence of songs on these two double albums just feels \\"right\\" to me, and I want to experience that again in this newly remastered form.  Experiencing it all over again is just as grand: the wonderful harmonies, marvelous playing, amazing production, and - most of all - the terrific, life-altering songs.<br /><br />One thing is strange to me, the decision to include mono mixes only with the first four (oldest) songs.  Why didn't they use mono mixes of ALL the older material? (or none?)  The stereo mix of \\"All My Loving\\" has the vocals only on the right channel.  I would definitely have preferred the mono mix there!  That's not a show-stopper, though.  The overall sound quality of this edition of Red is excellent, and I've overcome my feeling of foolishness and am glad I bought this new Red.<br /><br />I don't have the same negative opinion of the packaging as reviewer Mark Barry does.  It looks pretty sturdy to me; I don't see the cardboard slots housing the two discs tearing apart anytime soon.  I would have liked plastic sleeves for the two discs, but otherwise this packaging is OK by me.<br /><br />One other note: I feel incredibly dense to have just picked up on this after many decades of being a Beatles fan -- when put together with the White album, these two collections make \\"Red, White & Blue.\\"  I must be the only person in the world not to see that for all these years.
B000WGWQG8|5.0|I was never interested in American history in school, but today's political scene has given me cause to wish I would have paid more attention.  This HBO Miniseries is outstanding.  It is captivating and leaves you in awe of the sacrifices made by our founding fathers and their families.  It is much more than just a history lesson.  It is a beautiful love story of John and Abigal Adams and the trials and tribulations they faced together.  It is the story of the deep friendship which developed between John Adams and Thomas Jefferson.  It is an action packed story of the defeat of the British.  It is a story of courage and commitment from which our freedom was born.  I watched the whole series in a single weekend because I simply couldn't stop.  Paul Giamatti and Laura Linney were remarkable in their roles as John Adams and Abigale Adams.  An outstanding job HBO!  We need more historical works made interesting!
B00288KNL8|5.0|Super! Sturdy and work great. We will enjoy these for some time. Fun for families and guests.
B000FA57US|3.0|Yeah I have mixed feelings on Halloween 5. I do enjoy watching it but it could've been better if they would've took there time & maybe kept Dwight H Little but no we got Dominque Othenin Girard a French director they brought Michael Myers back playd by Don Shanks this time they should've followed the H4 ending. Jamie is mute for 50 minutes of the movie & Danielle Harris somehow pulls it off & I still want to root for her. I felt out of the 5 Halloween movies Donald Plesance was in this was his worst performance it's still better than anything Malcom McDowell can do. He still has some great lines & does more than H4 espically at the end. Wendy Kaplan plays Tina & I know a lot of people hate her but I've seen Sçøùt Taÿlør Cømpon & she is irritating. Tina serves her purpose she wasn't a continuing character STC is & she's very irritating. I had fun with Tina & Smantha. Billy wasn't bad either he's just there Jeffery Landham does commentary he seems like a cool guy.  Other characters like Mikey this greeser & Spitz don't belong in a slasher.  These clown cops with there own music wtf? They kill Rachael in the 1st 15 or 20 minutes. Despite it's flaws it a good way to  pass the time Danielle  Harris like I said does a good job especially that attic scene she sells that Laundry Shute is a well done scene  & that's another thing Donald Plesance is out acted by a kid not his fault though It's the way Girard wrote Loomis he really didn't know how to write that character. The finish is good all through the Myers house that now looks like a mansion I don't know why & in part 6 it's a normal sized house. The ending I like Halloween series is good with these endings Man In Black guns down all the cops in Haddonfeild. I like the opening that was cool & the score was fine.  This was ment to be the of the Dr. Loomis character but I'm glad he was brought back. This symbol that Michael shares with this guy dressed in black it had to be confusing for audiences in 1989 with no explainaination. Jamie being telepathic was another problem. Why didn't the police search the mine shaft? The main problem is that it was a giant rush job & suffered from the same problems as NOES 5 the fact Dominque Othenin Girard threw the script in the trash can in front of Akkad showed he needed to be replaced he seems like a nice guy  from the commentary but I don't care for him as a director. The movie runs at a fast pace so that helps. This has to be the  worst Michael Myers the way he kills  Jason style & there's just no imagination to it.  In 4 & 6 maybe H20 he kills more aggressively & it's without warning still but they had a little too much fun with the gore. The mask is terrible it's the worst of the except for H2 09 what was that. It's not Don Shanks fault either it was how Michael was wrote.  He sheds a tear I know it has to do with future reference but that took 6 years.
B003UYUQZW|5.0|Fast paced action movie with likeable heroes and heroine and terrific bad guys, evil and scary. Special effects are important but they enhance the story without dominating the movie. Jake Gyllenhaal, Ben Kingsley and Alfred Molina are great.  Gemma Arterton is beautiful and courageous. Good escape movie.
0393072231|4.0|Having enjoyed Liar's Poker way back when but then being disappointed (bored) with The New New Thing (didn't finish it), I was a little hesitant to buy this.  To my relief, it's a very good read.  The dust has not yet fully set on this chapter so it will be interesting to see how this book withstands the passage of time.    My only substantive criticism of The Big Short is what wasn't said: the economy and the government:      Nary a word was said about the state of the economy.  It's quite one-dimensional in that regard, with a purely mathematical point of view on the underlying mortgages.  MBA types reading this 10 or 20 years from now won't find anything in here that gives them some context - $4 gasoline is not mentioned once and as anyone driving a car then will tell you, that was a big deal and possibly/probably tipped the scales on the whole thing.  I'm not saying the mortage situation wasn't a house of cards - it was.  But all the characters we read about could quite easily have never had their payday had the economy not soured when it did.  The house of cards could just as easily have lasted another 2-3 years - and Dr Burry, Cornwall Capital, and the others might all have been just another bunch of anonymous and ignominious failures.    Similarly, not a word about how government regulation impacted the underlying conditions.  I suspect Michael Lewis doesn't put much stock into the argument that government encouragement of loans to people who could not afford them (i.e. Fair Housing Act) contributed to the meltdown.  Even so (especially if so), I think he should have either acknowledged or refuted that role.    Banks, investors, and ratings agencies all come off quite culpable in The Big Short and Lewis did a good job of convincing me that they were (systematic failure from gaming of the system).   Some words on the consumer and the government would have been helpful.  Considering how much economic perspective Lewis put into Liar's Poker, the lack of contextprovided on both the economy and underlying government policy was a glaring omission.   In that regard, the book feels a little incomplete or less than satisfying to me.    All that being said, a wonderful read and a book I'm sure that I'll read again, though maybe not as many times as Liar's Poker.  Particularly salient was Lewis' commentary about skewed or broken incentives - people on all sides of the trade made money - even Howie Hubler, the man responsible for losing $9billion at Morgan Stanley.  Inescapable conclusion that no matter what adjustments are made to regulatory environment, if the system continues to reward the losers as well as the winners is a disaster waiting to happen - again.
B003EV6DBM|1.0|Terrible. Can not take this new doctor. Have been a fan for years and always found it difficult when a new doctor I liked left and a new one appeared. But I always ended up liking the new doctor and stayed a fan since the Tom Baker years. The new series I thought would never work but to my surprise the first season was amazing. Then I see Christopher Eccleston is leaving the series and David Tennant is taking over as the new doctor. My first thought was what a dumb move they will never find a new doctor like Chris Eccleston. But to my amazement they found an even better doctor in David. I even loved Billie Piper and hated to see her leave. But this third doctor is pure torment to watch. I have tried, I honestly have tried, and it saddens me there is no possible way into tricking me into liking this new doctor. Horrible and terrible!!!! Should have ended the series after season four.
0316069485|4.0|I have been a Mike Connelly fan forever and so I have really been looking forward to this book.  I was not disappointed.  I loved that Connelly put two of my favorite characters together, Michael(Mickey)Haller and Harry Bosch.The book tells the tale of the 2nd Trial of Jason Jessup.  Twenty four years earlier Jason was convicted of murdering a 12 year old girl and has been in prison ever since.  Because there was DNA evidence on the victim that did not belong to him, the conviction was overturned and thus, he is being re-tried.  Mickey Haller, normally a defense attorney, has been appointed a special prosecutor, and Harry, of course, is the L.A. police detective that helps him.  They are also half brothers.  I love the way Michael Connelly always stays true to the characters he has developed in the past. There are no surprises with the type of people they are (which I love because it is like visiting old friends)although there are twists and turns in the story as one might expect.    This book is well worth reading.  Is it my favorite Michael Connelly?  No but it is darned good.  My only complaint is that the end was sort of anti-climatic,at least for me.
B000NSJ4Q0|5.0|I ordered 2 of the CP-E4 and and very happy on there performance. It has reduced the flash recycle time by 5 to 6 seconds and almost double the battery life. It is durable and lite. I like that I am able to mount it to the bottom of my camera and not have it attached to my hip, it takes come getting use to but it works out fine. The price is fair considering other similar products can run anywhere between $300-400 for one I got 2 CP-E4 with 2 extra magazines for $360. I would highly recommend this to a friend.
B002ZG97RE|4.0|Very well acted and timely action thriller. We were pleasantly surprised at how good this movie was. This movie also makes you wonder if it could be true.
B002SF9YNO|5.0|In Departures, a cellist loses his position when the orchestra folds.  He moves with his wife from Tokyo to his hometown, admitting to himself that he didn't have what it takes to be a truly successful cellist.<br /><br />Now Diago needs to find a real job.  He answers an advertisement looking for someone working in... departures?  Must be a travel agency!<br /><br />But he learns that the job is to conduct the rituals for the dead prior to closing the coffin.  These rituals traditionally were conducted by the family members: washing and dressing the deceased.  Diago finds that he is very good at this, although his trials are severe and have social consequences.<br /><br />In every way, this is an uplifting movie, despite the centrality of death.  From its surprising beginning, to its fairly predictable ending, this is a great, great movie.<br /><br />Highly recommended.
0316069485|2.0|Michael Connelly writes some of the smartest police procedural novels available. His detective, Hieronymus \\"Harry\\" Bosch, is one of the preeminent characters in the genre. In recent years, Connelly has added courtroom dramas featuring defense attorney Mickey Haller, who has a surprising connection to Det. Bosch. The Haller books hold their own, too.<br /><br />_The Reversal_ brings Bosch and Haller together in one book. While this promises to be a match made in genre fiction heaven, the reality is far less satisfying.<br /><br />Rather than rehash the general plot of _The Reversal_, which others have capably noted, let's cut to the chase: This is one of Connelly's least engaging books.<br /><br />No reader can argue with Connelly's writing skills. He could teach a master class in moving a novel along. The problem here is that while a good novel hurtles toward a climax, it's the little divergences from the inevitable path that make for an interesting read.<br /><br />This novel's major flaw is that the story never wanders down any sidepaths. The inevitability of the outcome and Connelly's inability to take us anywhere unimagined leads to a dull book. Readers will look for a twist in vain, which in a novel of this type MUST exist. In a sense, Connelly is on autopilot. Any longtime reader of his books (and I've read them all) knows this novel's ending long before the finale, which is not only inevitable but also remarkably devoid of any new angles. _The Reversal_ feels little more than a book designed to bridge the gap between Connelly's last novel and his next one. For a bestselling author of Connelly's skill, this can only be seen as a letdown.<br /><br />The convergence of Haller and Bosch also presents another problem: Haller's books are in first person, while Bosch's are in third. Harlan Coben manages to flit ably between first and third person in his thrillers, but each shift in voice in Connelly's _The Reversal_ feels like a collision with a brick wall for the reader. It just doesn't work. The linear play-out of the plotline only accentuates the problem because the voice transitions don't feel as if they take us anywhere unexpected, which a voice change should.<br /><br />Lastly, a good novel in a series (in this case, two series) advances the characters. The reader should learn more about people in the novel that will add to the myth-arc of the characters. The author takes the opportunity to advance the created world in which they dwell and branch off in intriguing directions. In the case of _The Reversal_, though, if every copy of the novel ceased to exist, nothing of Harry Bosch and Mickey Haller would be lost. This book doesn't add anything to either character.<br /><br />And that's a crime in itself.play-out of the plotline only accentuates the problem because the voice transitions don't feel as if they take us anywhere unexpected, which a voice change should.    Lastly, a good novel in a series (in this case, two series) advances the characters. The reader should learn more about people in the novel that will add to the myth-arc of the characters. The author takes the opportunity to advance the created world in which they dwell and branch off in intriguing directions. In the case of _The Reversal_, though, if every copy of the novel ceased to exist, nothing of Harry Bosch and Mickey Haller would be lost. This book doesn't add anything to either character.    And that's a crime in itself.
B000BSLU2S|5.0|This was my first try with thermal compound, and i was really surprised. I have applied it in a blast and just by applying it, my cpy had lowed 10º.<br /><br />Absolutelly recomended.<br /><br />I will give it 5 stars, but my only complaint was the absence of any manual or use instructions. I have done a little research in youtube and there i found the best way to apply it.
B003SWNRU2|5.0|Not only is this the comeback of the year, but this is the best rock/metal album of the year hands down. Tornillo fits in very nicely with the band on vocals. The production is crystal clear and sounds flawless. The lyrics of every song are amazing. Accept could fit into the power metal category as well, as Stefan's double bass drum playing kicks it up a notch. The guitars of Wolf and Herman along with Peter's bass playing sound better than they ever have. Not a bad song on here - you just have to hear it to believe it with your own ears. If you thought classic metal was long gone then you are in for a big shock. Up the Flying V's !!!
B003XOAJ6K|5.0|This was actually the first CD I ever bought, back then in the beggining of 1989 (after months listening my cassette copy). I remember clearly how much I loved the 2nd, 3rd and 4th songs of my old cassette, but not the remix of \\"Drug\\" (yes, must confess...I ussually skiped the song). Today I got the remastered version of BIG THING and the first thing I did was to read what J. Taylor wanted to say about the remix of \\"Drug\\" and why they decided it was time to bring back the original version...and they were right. Now I really like the whole \\"A-side\\"!!! As the matter of fact, I'm falling in love of the whole album again. The voices, the bass, the guitar...superb CD. And it sounds really good, too! And at last we get some footage of that period, the concert in Milan '88.   Thanks Simon, John, Warren & Nick for this lovely album!!!
B003L77TZI|5.0|I love Katy Perry's new album Teenage Dream!! All of her songs sound like 90's music! I love her CD (which is that the booklet is cotton candy scented, it smells so yummy and cute)! This is one of the best albums of 2010 so far!!! I heard of her summer anthems of 2010 is \\"California Gurls\\" (with Snoop Dogg) and \\"Teenage Dream.\\" It's a feel good dancey tune!!    1) Teenage Dream 10/10  2) Last Friday Night (T.G.I.F.) 10/10  3) California Gurls (with Snoop Dogg) 10/10  4) Firework 10/10  5) Peacock 10/10  6) Circle the Drain 10/10  7) The One That Got Away 10/10  8) E.T. 10/10  9) Who Am I Living For? 9/10  10) Pearl 10/10  11) Hummingbird Heartbeat 9/10  12) If It's Not Like the Movies 9/10  13) California Gurls (Passion Pit Main Mix) [with Snoop Dogg] 10/10  14) Teenage Dream (Kaskade Club Remix) 10/10    Buy the album! This album rocks!!!!!!
B002RWKSII|4.0|Brian Wilson, the master of harmonies, brings a new life to some of Gershwin's greatest songs. Amazing that this man still has such incredible talents.
B000002G6J|3.0|It is a nice CD. I have always liked Jobim's music, but this CD was not what I was expecting.
B000000XB8|1.0|[[VIDEOID:mo1JTB5F3AA1VHK]]i bought the double LP and the first one was warped. i exchanged it for a second one and the second one was also warped. i returned the second one as well and amazon said they would be pulling it pending and investigation. poor    qc by the label? pawning of warped seconds? a bad production run? poor storage?, left out in the sun? i couldnt tell you, but i sure wish they would fix cos i still want a copy. one thats flat, that is.    edit: this is my 3rd copy of the same album and its also warped!! Ive posted a video of it. its definitely not acceptable. what do i have to do to get a good copy of this..     the previous two copies were no better with similar warps in the LP.    Amazon.... kindly take note, something is definitely wrong somewhere if i can get 3 warped copies back to back.    the one star is for the poorly pressed LP, not for the album which is sublime!
B001UV4XUG|4.0|\\"Days of Summer\\" is a splendid 2009 love story about a pair of young adults in a large city (pegged at 3.8 million at one point in the film) who meet at work, develop love for each other, and pursue that. The story is told in the 500 days it takes for the male, Tom, played by Joseph Gordon-Levitt, who was so excellent as a confused fall guy in [[ASIN:B000QFCD8Q The Lookout]], to completely go through the affair and come out the other side intact. The female lead, Summer, is played by Zooey Deschanel ([[ASIN:B0010X744G Tin Man]], [[ASIN:B00009ZPTY All the Real Girls]], [[ASIN:B00180OU70 Flakes]]). The pair performed together previously in 2001's [[ASIN:B0000VLKVM Manic]].<br /><br />While the two leads are sterling, three-dimensional and consistenlty credible in their roles as star-crossed lovers, it is not their acting that best carries the argument. That is the production-script method, borrowed from the now-famous technique perfected in [[ASIN:1558908242 Pulp Fiction]] where the story is told in both current time and through the past, interchanged by scene to give you a multidisciplinary look at the characters and what they encountered during their time together through each other, their friends and confidantes, and elsewhere.<br /><br />For me, the most telling aspect of the film is the way it evokes memories of the pair's affair, from its earliest day to its end, and the emotions the pair lived through while this was transpiring. The 500 days of emotional travelogue are told with kindness and sensitivity as the pair displays all the wonder, joy and discovery of young love, followed by the questioning, uncertainty and insecurity that follows as the passion subsides (for one partner) and doubt more and more creeps in. Tom, in particular, effectively portrays the nihilism that can result from an unsatisfying end of such events, not to mention his personal conflict of failing to have expectation match reality once the love issue is decided.<br /><br />But don't be dismayed for this film is not a downer; far from it, in fact. It is a romantic comedy wrapped in today's clothes, music and industries. These are a pair of young adults finding their way in the world; one was supposed to be an architect but became a slogan writer for a greeting card company. The other was an English major spending time as an assistant at the greeting card company. Neither knows quite whom he or she is and their love collaboration is, in part, doomed by this lack of certainty.<br /><br />As much as this is a story about humor, relationships, love and heartbreak, it is also a story about transitions, growing up, becoming an adult and learning to understand the randomness that is inherent in life. It is also symbolic in other ways; the title, Days of Summer, is both literal and metaphoric. I didn't understand this until some hours after the film, when I put together what happened at the end with the rest of the movie. While many good films die at the end, when the producers, script writer and director don't know how to conclude matters, this film is at is very best at the final moments -- day 500. The ending is full of the same joy, discovery and curiosity that characterized the first 300 or so days of summer. I laughed out loud at the final scene when the film ended, one of the few times I can recall that happening in more than a half-century watching movies.<br /><br />To summarize, this is a wonderful contemporary romantic comedy full of great things -- effective acting, nice location shooting, fine production values, as much reality as fantasy as can be had in a love story, and enough intellectual content that you won't disparage the movie for not making its points during its span in your home. If you like contemporary urban films and/or romance, you will almost certainly enjoy Days of Summer.not a downer; far from it, in fact. It is a romantic comedy wrapped in today's clothes, music and industries. These are a pair of young adults finding their way in the world; one was supposed to be an architect but became a slogan writer for a greeting card company. The other was an English major spending time as an assistant at the greeting card company. Neither knows quite whom he or she is and their love collaboration is, in part, doomed by this lack of certainty.    As much as this is a story about humor, relationships, love and heartbreak, it is also a story about transitions, growing up, becoming an adult and learning to understand the randomness that is inherent in life. It is also symbolic in other ways; the title, Days of Summer, is both literal and metaphoric. I didn't understand this until some hours after the film, when I put together what happened at the end with the rest of the movie. While many good films die at the end, when the producers, script writer and director don't know how to conclude matters, this film is at is very best at the final moments -- day 500. The ending is full of the same joy, discovery and curiosity that characterized the first 300 or so days of summer. I laughed out loud at the final scene when the film ended, one of the few times I can recall that happening in more than a half-century watching movies.    To summarize, this is a wonderful contemporary romantic comedy full of great things -- effective acting, nice location shooting, fine production values, as much reality as fantasy as can be had in a love story, and enough intellectual content that you won't disparage the movie for not making its points during its span in your home. If you like contemporary urban films and/or romance, you will almost certainly enjoy Days of Summer.
B002WY65VU|2.0|Only mildly entertaining...but really--this film goes nowhere special.<br /><br />There are so many better comedy/horror films that fulfill an engaging plot, adventure, and/or have an interesting lesson to learn about mankind.<br /><br />All this movie did was show me how much Woody's character likes Twinkies.
1439181780|5.0|I have read the Secret, and many many others.  The Power simplifies how to be truly happy and full of joy every day.  When you finish the book, keep it by your bed and read a chapter every night to stay \\"tuned in.\\"  I have given this book at gifts...I loved it.
B0041OOJNU|5.0|So here we are!  After Laundry Service, I thought Shakira will never go back to her roots.  Laundry Service was still a Shakira album, however she missed the Latino flav.    She nearly hit them with Fijacion Oral Vol. 1 but it was not exactly that same, as she was  in the 90'.    If I did know the date of the release of Sale El Sol, I would definetly think it's one of her  early albums.  But hey! It's 2010!  And damn, she got back to her roots like crazy.  The album is a masterpiece.  It contains the rock,soft-ballad and Latin power Shakira had since her beginning.    The dance song Loca is great as a fun song, however if you listen to the whole album you will notice it is one of the least favorites.  The album begins with Sale El Sol, which totally reminds me on Pies Descalzos album.  Antes De Las Seis is one of the highlights, it is a beautiful written and vocally performed ballad.  Gordita has an amazing reggae beat, a pretty unusual sound.    Lo Que Mas, is as Antes De Las Seis another great ballad, specially if you speak Spanish and know the lyrics.    THE highlight as for me right now is Devocion.  It is perfect. It contains great lyrics, it's deep,aggressive, sad, rock-influent and it's just WOW.  On this song, you can perfectly see, Shakira is a great vocal performance.    The album also contains the worldwide hit Waka, Waka.      Forget all the mainstream music produced by same producers as Dr. Luke or Max Martin (nothing against them, but hey, it's little bit too much on the radio from them)    and buy the real music!
006117758X|4.0|With so many books on my \\"plate\\" I try mixing genres, topics, possibilities, and thought I was doing so when choosing this book  right after reading Skippy Dies.  Despite being written in different decades and by seemingly disparate authors, I was struck by the many similarities between the two.  Boys will be boys no matter, and the protagonists of these two books met entirely different fates even though the roads they traveled were so similar.  unlike fragile Skippy, Henry finds inner strength despite a remarkably brutal, lovless homelife and his own combative self-destructive nature.  It's astounding how he survives, and as with many, the large part literature plays in granting him his only awareness that there is life outside his personal hell.
B001EOOQF6|4.0|\\"Mob Rules\\" is a dark underrated Black Sabbath album that has a creative cover art decoration done by Greg Hildebrandt and allegedly contains Kill Ozzy obscurely at the bottom of the picture; similary, the album has dark lyrics, from tracks like \\"Over and Over,\\" \\"Sign of the Southern Cross,\\" and the title track. \\"Voodoo\\" was another hit from the album, but turn up the night is upbeat. You hear lyrics like, \\"Help me, tell me I'm sane...you know I've seen some visions of Hell\\" from \\"Falling Off The Edge of The World,\\" \\"Death and darkness are rushing forward,\\" from \\"Mob Rules,\\" Call me the Devil, it's true some can't accept but I crept inside you,\\" from \\"Voodoo,\\" and \\"If an echo doesn't answer, when it hears a searchin' sound, then the beast is free to wander, but never seen around\\" from the eight minute \\"Sign of The Southern Cross.\\" Enjoy!
0393312836|5.0|First things first: I have not read this yet, but I know it is an amazing book, as I used to own a copy of it, but I lent it to a friend who lost it...wow.<br /><br />I also wanna point out that this is tied for my favorite movie, so anyone who has seen the movie will love reading this. And for those of you who haven't seen the movie but have an idea of what it's about. Be prepared to be lost on your first read-through, or at least for the first quarter to half of the book. As learning the nadsat language is quite the challenge...albeit a fun one. Once you learn it, it's such a breeze to read through this or watch the movie and not have to stop and think about what exactly one of the characters said, or what it means.<br /><br />Now, if you have no idea what this book/movie is about...go into it with an open mind. Yes it's very adult oriented and lots of graphic rape/torture going on. But that doesn't mean it should be looked down on. It's a brilliant story about something that no one has even touched on before. The story will just keep you going and going and you will soon find yourself at the end, wishing it wasn't over...as I found the book a little short compared to the 2hr. 30min. version that Kubrick has directed.<br /><br />Overall, a very great book, brilliant and intriguing.
B000NJXG6S|5.0|This is the perfect thing to get if your a fan of the show and don't wanna take up all of that room on your dvd shelf with the box set...as that was the only thing keeping me from getting it. Now usually these seasons cost around $30 (yes, even 3-7 years later). So me getting all 4 of them used for $55 was a steal. I saved over half off of retail.<br /><br />I just got hooked on The OC about a month ago, I know I'm a little late to the party...but I'm near finished with season 1 and already so much has happened, I can't wait to see what the rest of the series has in store for me!<br /><br />The only complaint I have about the actual description is that it says it is widescreen, but when I popped in disc 5 (as that's what episode I was already on when I received my order), I noticed that it wasn't in widescreen...but in fact in regular 4:3 aspect ratio. I'm not sure if this is because I bought them used from a different seller than who I would have got it from if I ordered the same set as \\"new\\".<br /><br />Other than that I have no complaints, and am extremely pleased with my order...especially the fact that none of the discs have scratches on them and the disc case and slipcover have no damage to them.<br /><br />So once again, for anyone look for just the bare essentials to get you through The OC, this is definitely the way to go.
B000AMJC2K|5.0|The Ergotron 45-174-300 Neo-Flex LCD Arm is amazing value for money.  I have monitor arms costing almost five times more, but which are not better in any way.  The design, construction and finish of this arm are all very impressive.  The arm comes with two mounts: one is a clamp type, the other allows fixing the arm through a hole (a grommet) in the desk.  I drilled a 3/8 inch hole, which worked well.  Additional equipment includes a 100mm x 100mm VESA mounting plate, three hex wrenches, spanner, and assorted screws.  Depending upon your installation, you might not need any of these, but it's certainly helpful to have options if you need them.  Make sure the reach is sufficient for your installation.  To see dimensions, download the Product Sheet from [...]
006145205X|4.0|This is a book that has some rich ideas on how people have traded over the years. It requires careful reading as it spouts out knowledge, some of which may be controversial. I like the idea that even though you may have no servants, people all over the world are serving you as they manufacture and farm for the goods you buy. It tells you that a reason for cooking food is to eat it more quickly - so the time spent cooking it - is saved in the time spent to chew it - I'm not sure the raw food movement would agree with this - evidence comes from the fact that wild chimpanzees spend 6 hours or more chewing their food.<br /><br />The self-sufficient person is poorer than the specialized person who relies on experts is a major lesson of the book that comes out in many generations.  There are copious examples. I agree with the author that companies are coming and going faster than in previous generations, but I'm not sure I'd go so far as he does on page 115 to say that capitalism is dying.<br /><br />The chapter on feeding nine billion emphasizes trade and has a detailed analysis of the value of genetics in seed production and crop design. There is interesting analysis on population growth and cities.  For example, in the 1600s the rich in the UK had more children than the poor, therefore there was masses of downward mobility and the poor in the 1700s were children of the rich.<br /><br />The author comes from the coal industry.  He does not think that wind farms are particularly \\"green\\" as they require huge acreage and five or ten times steel per watt than a nuclear power plant. His argument that people have prophesied the end of oil in earlier times and then more reserves were found cannot go on for ever - he needs to show a greater sense of urgency regarding the finite reserves of fossil fuels.<br /><br />The chapter on the invention of invention tells how patent trolls who collect patents then sue people who are not paying royalties on them are like castle owners on the Rhine who collected tolls from passing boats.  This is an example of the broad thinking that permeates the book.  In the next chapter the author explores why the world turned pessimistic after 1950, a debatable point if you consider the affluence of the post-war family - living in the golden age. The author looks at policy documents, rather than individuals when he says \\"Was everybody cheerful? The heck they were.\\"  My experience is that many were cheerful in those times.  The author claims that surveys show people to be \\"personally optimistic yet socially pessimistic\\".  Maybe it's the less social people who are happiest. I might agree with the author that since 1950, when communications have become easier, we have had the ability to hear about many forewarnings of catastrophic events. Indeed, he agrees that if transportation were to rely solely on oil, then in the future we may not have transportation. The author's thesis is that there will be substitutes for dying processes and technologies.<br /><br />Whereas the author thinks that \\"good news, is no news\\" in fact, when the Chilean miners were rescued in October 2010, the good news made headlines. The author is fond of making broad statements that may be mostly true, without the nuances of detail. Many of the pictures in the book are painted with a broad brush, without considering exceptional details.  When some of these statements are made, the author sometimes does quality them with exceptions. For example he says \\"it would be wrong to conclude that the anti-acid rain legislation did no good at all\\".  The main thesis of the book is that there have been many scary warnings of impending doom and the doom they predict hasn't come about. However, there are real crises like the flu epidemic of 1918 and AIDS which spread very fast in the 1980s.<br /><br />The climax of the book comes in chapter 10 when he talks about the two great pessimisms - Africa and Climate after 2010.  In explaining the relative prosperity ofBotswana, he says the sale of mineral rights to de Beers boded badly, then says that the country went from strength to strength because of a diamond windfall. In fact, without the business acumen of de Beers and the people it brought into the country, Botswana may well have been worse off today. Similarly colonial powers, are fashionably given a bad rap.  Regarding property rights in Africa, the author gives a balanced discussion saying that while they are a key to prosperity, they can also divide a society into renters and landlords.<br /><br />Regarding climate change, it's a good job the book is not discussing it in detail, for the author disagrees with many experts on the subject, although he does say \\"the undoubted challenge of global warming by carbon dioxide\\". He dismisses the Stern Report on the economics of climate change.  He focuses on the IPCC report on sea level rise - now some people think that the IPCC estimates were conservative and that sea levels may rise even more than the IPCC predicted (e.g. research by John Church). You can read the IPCC report, [[ASIN:0521880092 Climate Change 2007 - The Physical Science Basis: Working Group I Contribution to the Fourth Assessment Report of the IPCC]], or [[ASIN:0521700809 The Economics of Climate Change: The Stern Review]].<br /><br />In the final chapter, the author says he has tried to build the book on Adam Smith (free markets) and Charles Darwin (evolution).  There is an extensive bibliography and website for further information. See [[ASIN:1420932063 The Wealth of Nations]] and [[ASIN:0451529065 The Origin Of Species: 150th Anniversary Edition]].<br /><br />Readers will find the book stimulating, as much is about the value of hindsight, as well as trade. It is a book of ideas, and where there are controversies you can explore them in more detail. Consider this book as a catalyst for book groups as there's plenty to discuss among its pages.s to de Beers boded badly, then says that the country went from strength to strength because of a diamond windfall. In fact, without the business acumen of de Beers and the people it brought into the country, Botswana may well have been worse off today. Similarly colonial powers, are fashionably given a bad rap.  Regarding property rights in Africa, the author gives a balanced discussion saying that while they are a key to prosperity, they can also divide a society into renters and landlords.    Regarding climate change, it's a good job the book is not discussing it in detail, for the author disagrees with many experts on the subject, although he does say \\"the undoubted challenge of global warming by carbon dioxide\\". He dismisses the Stern Report on the economics of climate change.  He focuses on the IPCC report on sea level rise - now some people think that the IPCC estimates were conservative and that sea levels may rise even more than the IPCC predicted (e.g. research by John Church). You can read the IPCC report, [[ASIN:0521880092 Climate Change 2007 - The Physical Science Basis: Working Group I Contribution to the Fourth Assessment Report of the IPCC]], or [[ASIN:0521700809 The Economics of Climate Change: The Stern Review]].    In the final chapter, the author says he has tried to build the book on Adam Smith (free markets) and Charles Darwin (evolution).  There is an extensive bibliography and website for further information. See [[ASIN:1420932063 The Wealth of Nations]] and [[ASIN:0451529065 The Origin Of Species: 150th Anniversary Edition]].    Readers will find the book stimulating, as much is about the value of hindsight, as well as trade. It is a book of ideas, and where there are controversies you can explore them in more detail. Consider this book as a catalyst for book groups as there's plenty to discuss among its pages.
B0032Y8XH8|5.0|This CD is wonderful!  I would suggest it to anyone as a must have.
B001KVZ6G6|4.0|There are over 100 reviews for this product so I am not going to go over in detail the content of this package. Overall, I think this movie has one of the best 1st and 2nd act I've seen, with the back and forth between the two protagonists in the movie. However, the 3rd act really fell flat for me until the very end, where everything ties up in the usually Pixar form.     What I really enjoy is the potential in this four-disc package is actually the slip of paper that has a unique number on it. Disney will soon release an online service where you can stream any of their movies, the way to get those movies is through that unique number. While I am not interested in streaming this through my PC, what I am interested in is that the APP they will develop for Ipad, which will allow me to have all of Disney and Pixar movie at my fingertip without storing them in the Ipad itself.
B003QCCS36|2.0|THis was such a disappointment from the other Ray CD's I have.  I have LOVED all of them so very much and looked so forward to this one coming in the mail.   Not like him at all, very dark and broodie.  Will probably return it and that will be a first for me.
030726999X|5.0|Absolutely captivating; you never want to put the book down and when you finish, you want there to be another book to follow.  The book was in great condition.
B003Y8YXFS|5.0|John's back catalog was repackaged to commemorate what would have been his seventieth birthday. This album ranks up with \\"Plastic Ono Band\\" as one of his best solo works although this one is a little more accessible. The classic title track and \\"Jealous Guy\\" are the two big hits but all the other tracks are great as well. He searches for answers in \\"Gimme Some Truth\\" and \\"How?\\". There's the anti-war \\"I Don't Wanna Be A Soldier\\" and the mellow \\"Oh My Love\\". \\"Oh Yoko!\\" sounds very catchy while \\"Crippled Inside\\" seems autobiographical. Then there's \\"How Do You Sleep?\\" (with George playing guitar), where he is clearly talking to Paul. The booklet features sleeve notes and some photos, one of which has John holding a pig by its ears-a parody of Paul's \\"Ram\\" cover. The packaging is okay but it's the kind that's prone to scratches on the disc but that's a minor complaint.    John continued to write great songs after The Beatles as this album attests.It is a winner from start to finish that every music fan should have. If you already have the 2000 version, you might not need this but it's still great to have.
0345509617|5.0|Really great book, its part 2 of the old trilogy. I've got both books and i'm really happy to have them in my collection.     Why?    -Great hardcover book  -Great pictures  -Great quality of the paper and pictures  -Backgrounf information on known facts but lots of unknown facts    This book is finished and fitst in everyones bookshelf who love star wars!    Part 3 the return of the Jedi is coming...????
0439023513|2.0|I absolutely LOVED the first and second books. Katniss was a strong, independent heroine who could take care of herself and really didn't need anyone else. She understood the way the world was, accepted it, and did what she had to to keep herself and the people she loved alive. Catching Fire came as a bit more of a disappointment to me, when she began falling in love with Peeta (for no apparent reason other than his wonderful blond hair, blue eyes, and ability to bake things, which aren't legitimate reasons in the first place) and becoming more dependent. Even with this, I had a lot of hope for the series, especially at the end when Gale told her there was no longer a District 12.    Then came Mockingjay. Whatever independence and strength Katniss had was gone, leaving an empty shell of cliche depressed teenage girl. She beat herself up over and over again about Peeta being taken by the Capitol, and it seemed like the only thing that mattered to her in any sense was getting him back. When he does come back, he becomes everything to her, and she pretty much disregards everyone else in her life. She still keeps trying to convince herself she loves Gale, but I don't think she ever did once Peeta came along. I felt that Mockingjay lost a lot of its potential to put the emphasis on the war and violence themes of the book, and turned into a cliche romance novel for giddy teens to pour their hearts into.    I felt pretty satisfied with what elements of war and violence were there, though. I think that the way Katniss was pushed around and treated like a pawn was very realistic, where Collins could have made her the leader of everything who called the shots, in which case I would've been disappointed. What I DIDN'T find realistic is how Katniss just took it. She could have been so much more independent and actually questioned what she was being asked to do, but she didn't. She sat around all day moping over Peeta.    What really annoyed me was Gale. Katniss treated him likethe rebound guy, and then when Peeta came back to her she pretty much left Gale to rot. When the bombs were dropped and Prim died, it was worse, because even when she knew that it was Coin who dropped the bombs, she blamed Gale for it. At the end, he left and went to District 2, and she assumed that he was over her and happy with his fancy job and new girlfriend. I think that if Suzanne Collins was going to give him this crappy of an ending, she should've just killed him off earlier in the book.    The absolute most disappointing thing about Mockingjay, though, was the very ending. It was cliche. Katniss ends up with Peeta, who's perfect in every way, and has wonderful little children, and they enlighten the kids with stories of their morbid past and memories of the Games. Katniss not only became a shell, never gaining her feeling of self back even when she had children, but she lost her values. She let Peeta talk her into having kids, which she never intended to do. Some people would probably say \\"well, it's safe for her to have kids now, a new world\\", right? I don't think that. It's still the aftermath of war, there's a lot of things that could happen making life for her children suck. If Peeta even spent the time (which was what, 20, 30 years?) convincing her to have kids, would he really be the right choice? If he couldn't respect that she didn't want to have kids, and spent that long trying to chance her mind, should she have married him?    I think everything I hate about the book ultimately came back to Peeta. Since the first book, I've really, really disliked him. First, he falls in love with her when he's like 7 years old, and manages to hold onto that love (which when he's in grade school, he seriously cannot fall in love. He would be far too young to even understand the concept of such things.) up until the Games. He's perfect in every way, just like every other love interest in every other book that every other teenage girl will fall in love with. In Catching Fire, he gave the cold shoulder to Katniss, without any reason. Sure, she lied about loving him in the Games, but it was for survival, I think she had every right to do so. He makes her feel guilty for not returning his feelings, and isn't fair in the least. And then, in Mockingjay, when he's brainwashed into HATING her, trying to kill her, he miraculously becomes cured. After that hijacking, I don't think it's possible for him to ever love her again. He can barely even remember knowing her.    There are two things I distinctly liked about Mockingjay. The first is when Prim is killed. I'm pretty fond of irony, and the fact that Prim was the reason for the entire series to have been started, only to be killed in the end says a lot to me. The second is when she kills Coin, and in turn how Snow died. I like how the line was severely blurred regarding whether Coin was good or bad, and in the end Katniss killed her without caring which was which. I think that is was far more fitting for Snow to die laughing than to be executed.    Mockingjay had a great series behind it, a great writer, and a great idea. In the end, though, it was executed poorly and Collins could've done a lot better.
B000V8I2QU|5.0|Great album, package is not that great because of the paper and not a normal box
B002ZG977Y|2.0|Okay, Bubo had a TOO brief (if exact in appearance) cameo but sadly, he was not otherwise there (sniff). Other than that, what's to say about this strange fusion of Greek/Christian Mythologies? Well, Sam Worthington ran around sounding more like Mel Gibson in Mad Max (which isn't entirely bad) and the film actually suggested some interesting and intriguing questions regarding the nature of God (or in this case, gods) and man but never really answered them. Not to mention asking them, using a Demigod as the protagonist, just didn't really work well. Kind of like this film, it just didn't really work well. CGI heavy, of course, but most of it was pretty good, maybe because it just works for this subject matter, I'm not sure. Although, on a side note, I'll take Harryhausen's Medusa any day over this strangely attractive one. Anyway, when I completed watching the film I was left feeling unsatisfied, while it had some great and interesting scenes and often captured some of the feel of the old one (as well as other Harryhausen films) probably due to Lettier's direction, ultimately, as I already stated, it just didn't come together as a complete film for me. Sometimes thoughtful and interesting, other times simply mindless and attractive, all the time, unbalanced. One final note, the Greek/Christian fusion annoyed the crap out of me (and always has) why does Hollywood (Disney was responsible last time for a Greek story) insist on giving mythologies a \\"God of Abraham\\" bend? I don't get it. If you've studied Greek Mythology you already know the Greek Gods behaved as if they were living an episode of Dallas or Falcon Crest. The Greek Gods were the Poster Children for, and predated, the Seven Deadly Sins, why mess with that? At least the old version of Clash of the Titans got that part mostly right. Anyway, I digress. Worth a look but ultimately unsatisfying.
0345501292|5.0|Really great softcover book with all the 4 indy films in it. Good quality paper, great pictures and stories!
B0041OOJNU|5.0|Wow.  Brilliant start to finish.  Everything \\"She Wolf\\" wasn't and more.  Long-time Shakira fans are going to love this album.  I have 15 new favorites; it's difficult to pick one from this collection.  \\"Lo Que Mas\\" is very \\"Moscas en la Casa\\" -like; just her amazing voice dominating some minimal accompaniment; mostly piano - absolutely beautiful.  Even the duplicates (Loca, Waka Waka and Rabiosa) are worth listening to because there are subtle differences in the English and Spanish versions.  Congratulation Ms. Mebarak you've done it again.
1401323952|5.0|I am a huge Nigella fan and I really liked this cookbook. It is packed with receipes and so far the two that I have cooked (turkey cutlets with gnocchi and feta pasta receipe) have been very good.     My only complaint is that some of the spices are hard to find (like the Shake mixed spices) and there is no place on her website that you can ask where one would find these hard to find items. She used to provide an area on her website to ask stock list questions now it is not possible.    Great book , but some of the ingredients is challenging to find. Also, would love to be able to buy more of her Nigella Living items in the USA and it does not seem there is a retailer who sells this.     The book will leave you wanting more of Nigella, but the challenging part is one has to go to Britan to find most of the items.
142314189X|5.0|I studied a lot of Ancient Greek history/mythology in college and I was blown away by how sophisticated some of the mythology is in this series.  I always loved the story of Achilles and Patroclus and I did not see it coming when it was told here.  I literally was in tears.  As an adult, it is difficult for me to see how children could actually appreciate these books but I imagine these could be a childhood favorite that becomes deeper and more meaningful once you re-read them, which is how I feel about LOTR.  Highly recommended!
B003Q6D2BE|5.0|When I first saw the previews to the movie, I was honestly unsure if I wanted to see it only because the movie seemed to be scripted to former CIA agents that want revenge. While it is fine to have such a script, I was wondering how exciting it was going to be. Then they showed the preview of John Malkovich saying \\"Old my (you know what) shooting at a younger assasin who seemed to be in for the shock of her life after realizing that he had more fighting ability than initially realized. It was then I decided to see it because something about that scene made me realize that the movie was going to be more eventful than what I was seeing in the trailer. Fortunately, I am glad that I decided to go with this feeling. This movie has a strong all star cast of actors and actresses featuring Bruce Willis, Helen Mirren, Morgan Freeman, John Malkovich who end up going on a \\"adventure/preserving their life mission\\" after finding out that very powerful people in government want them dead for some reason. From my perspective, The plot was a combination of dark comedy and action. The two actors that stood out the most for me in the movie were John Malkovich and Helen Mirren.  Helen Mirren stood out because she plays a strong and self confident former CIA operative who is ready at a moment's notice to go on \\"the odd jobs here and there\\" whenever she is needed. I like that she plays a very assertive and powerful person who knows what she wants. She also seems like the type of person that is comfortable and happy with herself in real-life from the strong performance she gave in the movie. I am a college student who is obviously from a different generation than she is, but I am inspired by Helen's example and intend to be an extremely self-confident person by the time that I reach the life stage that she is in now.  I enjoyed John Malkovich's performance very much because he played a gifted but extremely paranoid former operative that was frequently looking over his shoulder for perceived threats in a very powerful and with the right amount of forceful manner. As it turns out, his paranoia many times is justified. He really adds excitement and humor to the movie in his role as a talented but guarded former CIA operative. The best indicators I can say is if you like your movies with a mix of dark comedy, action, drama, and suspense then chances are good that you are going to enjoy this movie.ived threats in a very powerful and with the right amount of forceful manner. As it turns out, his paranoia many times is justified. He really adds excitement and humor to the movie in his role as a talented but guarded former CIA operative. The best indicators I can say is if you like your movies with a mix of dark comedy, action, drama, and suspense then chances are good that you are going to enjoy this movie.
142311339X|5.0|I minored in Ancient Civilizations (focusing on Greece) and spent 5 months in Greece, which I figured played a large role in my enjoyment of the Percy Jackson and the Olympians series.  I didn't know what to expect with The Heroes of Olympus but I don't think many people will be disappointed.  All 3 main characters are very likable and each plays an important part.  I like the idea that this is going to be much more of an ensemble cast than in the first series.  I was discouraged at the beginning when Roman names and mythology started popping up because I've always been much more partial to Greece, but by the end, I was convinced that this is going to be an amazing series.  The possibilities are endless and I'm excited to meet new demigods along the way (and learn a little more about Ancient Rome).  When can I pre-order The Son of Neptune?!
B003Y7L5W8|1.0|I remember how cool and edgy I thought OMD was the first time I listened to the band's debut album. I bought this cd thinking that maybe they returned to their  chill, ambiant roots but instead I got sloppy and poppy. I'll give OMD credit for the first track because it might actually have some crossover appeal, but the rest is for purists only. Rest on your laurels OMD.
B0039UTDA6|5.0|I received the Dvd quickly and it was in new comdition as promised!  I am very pleased with the product and the service!!  I will buy again from this seller.
B002YIHO7I|5.0|The title cut establishes her as the quintessential Sade. The bassline is fantastic. Then her smooth voice makes it a great hit. She is consistent with the rest of the cd as well. She brings her usual grace, style, and class to each track.  Well worth a listen.
B0021L8UQ2|3.0|Vera Farmiga and Peter Sarsgaard are still reeling from the death of their third child. They decide that adoption is the solution and decide on an older child. As usual, the problems start when this child arrives home.<br />I have been a horror film buff for many years and over this period seen hundreds of horror films. A few have been great but many of them are afflicted with the same disease i.e. they start promising but end up being run of the mill. Orphan suffers from the same malaise but is saved by the acting of the child star. Portraying children as demons is nothing new but few movies have managed to send chills down spines but Isabelle Fuhrman is a revelation as the evil Esther. I thought her acting was great.<br />The plot in Orphan is about the child as evil causing this already fragile to implode. The first half lays the ground work, the middle is weak but the ending is shocking. Orphan is a horror film in which the horror is without the gore, with decent acting and a revelation at the ending that can be chilling for many. I enjoyed the movie and give it three stars. 10/12/10
B003EYVY0E|1.0|When Warner Bros. introduced this ultimate edition set last year my wife was thrilled. Naturally I ordered them for her as she is a huge Harry Potter fan, and I enjoy the movies as well. When we received the first 2 Ultimate Edition movies we were blow away by both the packaging and the amount of extra content included. For the first time in a long time we felt like we were really getting our money's worth and eagerly awaited the next two movies. Well the day the movies became available for pre-sale I slapped our order in and we anxiously awaited the release. Now a few weeks ago I did a little browsing online and realized that neither of the two Ultimate edition movies releasing this year contained extended editions of the movie, which was one of the main reasons we purchased the set last year. We've owned both the HD-DVD years 1-5 special box set, and then upgraded to the Blu-Ray version(still own these). After discussing it with my wife, she decided she still wanted the Ultimate Edition's this year (3 and 4) so I kept our preorder. Well today we received the products in the mail, and before I get into anything else I have to rant a little bit.     First thing I noticed with this years Ultimate Editions, the boxes are MUCH lower quality than last years. My wife unwrapped year 3 and the way they have it packaged is very flimsy and easy to tear, which she did. They added a holographic cover to both movies this year which looks great, but the way they have it packaged its going to rip and tear if you plan on watching your movies.     Gone is the magnetic snap that clasped the case shut in years 1 and 2.     Both of these \\"Ultimate\\" Edition movies seem to be cheapened and lesser in quality not to mention the lack of extended editions of hte movie which is why MOST people purchased them in the first place.     Warner Bros. knew that people were going to buy these, especially those that had already slapped down the money for Years 1 and 2. Late last week I wrote a letterto Warner Bros. asking them why they decided to not include the extra content from the movies that we know exists (it runs on the family channel).     I do NOT suggest picking up Years 3 and 4, even if you already own years 1 and 2. 1 and 2 are totally worth the money, and are great sets even if you own the first two movies because they add to them. These sets add nothing worth the cost, and ruin what could have been an excellent set to own..    :(
B000VLZSPU|5.0|I love this video, it was cheap, fast and a great pleasure to watch. I enjoyed myself thoroughly. I highly recommed this video to anyone who likes this story.
B0031RAOVY|5.0|I enjoyed the picture; very credible Richard Gere. And Hachi, a very good dog and also his trainers
B002ZG98LO|1.0|Be a fan of \\"campy\\", violence without meaning = Robert Rodriguez = violence for the sake of meaningless violence = virtually no viable plot. \\"Robert Rodriguez\\" name attached to a film is a WARNING. I will know next time, before I spend my money. I assume Robert Rodriguez takes pleasure in mis-casting film characters.    Quality of the DVD video: Absolutely superb. I used an HDMI hookup @ 710p (not blu-ray). You can see every scary wrinkle of Danny Treo's face.
0440241901|5.0|I love a good chick lit book.   I could not put this one down.  Good read/escape.  Not many books make me laugh out loud but this one did have me laughing.
0307454541|4.0|I read many reviews on Amazon before purchasing the book...some good, some bad, some indifferent. This is actually a pretty hard book to rate because having read the book for myself, I can safely say that both sides have a point. The book can be quite difficult to get into at first with all its' talk about corruption within Sweden's financial institutions and the like, and the book could certainly have used a broader stroke with the editing pen (perhaps Swedish doesn't translate into English well?) I was prepared through about a hundred pages or so to rate this book negatively because of its' barely trotting start, but then something happened around page 150 as this story of family intrigue and personal redemption began to take shape and it just never let up on me. I blitzed through from page 294 to the end in ten hours...I couldn't put the thing down because of all the plot twists and character development that really leads one to wonder who's the good guy and who's the bad guy. No character in Larsson's world comes off as black and white good or bad, rather the characters are marked with faults some irrevocably so. If you can make it through the first 100-150 pages okay, than you may be in for a unique thrill ride.
1439190275|5.0|I feel better already and it's only been three weeks.  I still have a lot to learn and will continue reading and re reading.
B003TXKSWK|5.0|Firstly, i beg to disagree with most of the people giving this cd 2-3 stars, i understand our taste and what we feel is music is different but if you know anything about live music, which i feel is missing then this cd is the one for you.  I think music these days has lost it soul because,music makers, i would not call them musicians are now very lazy because now everybody seems to be into beats and programmmed music.Gone are the days when we had a band that actually sat down wrote the music, arranged the songs, practiced over and over again then put the songs out but now every thing is programmed,so all i can say is a big thank you to John legend and the Roots crew for keping music alive and yes some of the songs are obscure and i guess that was the whole ideas of this cd, Listen to the album and research the songs !!     Back in the day music was not instant, you had to listen a few times and the songs grew on you and you will actually apprecicate the effort musicians put in to give us music. One other point is that music of the 60s and 70s were soul deep cos people actually sang about the signs of the time which is sadly missing today, no one sings about social ills, injustice, love ,pain, you name it, we dont have living music any more, songs that stand the test if time, every thing is instant except for a few musicians trying to keep music alive     To end all i can say is JOHN LEGEND AND THE ROOTS CREW we salute you for keeping music real but the sad truth is this cd would not sell bucket loads because it not commercially viable but a labour of love which i feel music should be about.Stand outs Wake up,Humanity, wholly holy,little ghetto boy Highly recommended for real music lovers!!press play
B001RTP3YQ|5.0|I loved Leonard Cohen his first time around.  I love his music and poetry even more now.  His lyrics are as pertinent now as they were then. Can't go wrong.
B0047G028I|5.0|Smallville should never end. This show like the comic book for the last 50 years should go on forever. The stories are countless and endless. There are so many countless fans and viewers worldwide. Why would any network want to end a successful show. I'd watch season 100 in the year 2090 if i lived that long.LOL.  A fan forever.
0316098337|4.0|This novel is far different from any of Donoghue's other work, at least the ones I have read. If you're a fan of Donoghue's historical fiction or lesbian fiction, this novel will be a surprise.<br /><br />I was almost afraid to read it because of all the hype. Starred reviews in Kirkus, Publisher's Weekly, Booklist, and Library Journal. Nice blurbs from Michael Cunningham and Audrey Niffenegger (who I adore and respect as authors) and other prominent authors.<br /><br />So was it amazing? I'd have to say yes. It's startlingly original. The narrator is a 5-year-old boy who has never left Room, where his mother has been a prisoner for 7 years. Jack's narrative voice conveys all the innocence and honesty of a child who tells things as he sees them. We learn of his daily life, the strong relationship he has with Ma, their daring escape attempt, the shock of learning that Outside is real. Because it is told from Jack's point of view rather than Ma's, the complete horror that Ma must feel is masked from the reader, as she must try to mask it from Jack.<br /><br />Everything about the structure, tone, and characters of this novel is so compelling, it's hard to put down. It will make you think until the very last sentence, which is simply stated but such a complex thought for such an innocent narrator. Powerful stuff.
B003EYVXSW|2.0|Not as sexy as Species. In fact I really didn't find the hairless human hybrid, even when naked, sexy at all. A couple splices genes and creates a new species of globs they call Fred and Ginger. The globs are created to produce proteins etc. to enhance animal livestock. The inventive couple discovers they could splice human DNA and create a new species in order to cure human genetic diseases. The corporation forbids them from such an experiment so they go underground to do it. The woman, Elsa (Sarah Polly, slightly mentally unstable) uses her own DNA to create a creature which in the interest of time develops very rapidly. The infant looks like something out of Lynch's Eraserhead. Eventually they have to move the human hybrid to a farm where it is cared for by her and her boyfriend Clive (Adrian Brody).<br /><br />The movie is intellectually interesting, but at the same time has poor characters. I thought I was going to adore this movie from reading the box, but alas, I did not as the stupidity of the characters got in the way.<br /><br />The F-bomb is dropped a few times. Human hybrid nudity and sex including one rape.<br /><br />It is maybe worth a view, but keep the expectations low. Adrian Brody has done better work.
0143118420|1.0|I made it to page 156/334, so keep in mind I'm reviewing a little less than the first half of the book here (all of Italy and part of India). I kept trying and trying and trying. I hated it. I have never been so surprised at my reaction to a book. Normally, I read everything, like everything, and even the things I don't like usually have some redeeming qualities that compel me to finish. Not here. Plus I especially love travel writing, and this one seemed to have a promising concept. Make that doubly disappointing.<br /><br />Firstly, Gilbert is as unlikeable of a narrator as I've ever read. I know this is supposed to be a journey of self-discovery, but I just wanted to shout, \\"GET OVER YOURSELF ALREADY!\\" There is way too much introspective twaddle next to no description of her travel. The only thing that indicates she's in Italy, for example, is that she eats pasta and uses the occasional Italian word. Otherwise, she could be anywhere. The narrative is inactive. Internal philosophizing can only take you so far, especially when you're overly fond of metaphors and clearly think you're much, much deeper than you actually are.<br /><br />The \\"characters\\" (if you can call the people she meets that) are flat, flat, flat. Sofie is a pretty, petite, blond Swede. Period. Luca Spaghetti just has a funny last name, and no discernible character traits. They're not friends or even people, they're just exploited as plot devices. And even that is being generous, because there is NO plot.<br /><br />Oh, and if the imagined depth of her musings isn't bad enough, she quotes ancients and prolific authors like a name-dropping socialite. I mean, it's good practice to emphasize something every now and then, but every page it's Aristotle this and Virginia Woolf that. ENOUGH.<br /><br />Every now and then she would break out with something that impressed me about her views (i.e. she doesn't believe in anti-depressants), but the next page she would be on a ridiculous train of thought that made me want to smack her.<br /><br />I might still give the movie a try, since Julia Roberts is infinitely lovable and the trailers imply some actual travel happens (*gasp*), but I just couldn't get through one more page of this self-centered, self-inflated jibber jabber. As I said, surprised and disappointed.might still give the movie a try, since Julia Roberts is infinitely lovable and the trailers imply some actual travel happens (*gasp*), but I just couldn't get through one more page of this self-centered, self-inflated jibber jabber. As I said, surprised and disappointed.
B002JCSWV6|5.0|How does someone, after being locked in a tiny cell for thirty years, come out ready to forgive those who locked him there? What are the magic ingredients that create our heroes? How do you motivate yourself and others to accomplish goals that seem impossible? Invictus makes us ask these questions and offers insights into the answers. I had to keep reminding myself that this story is not fiction. These events happened. These people lived through the hell of Apartheid and, miraculously, emerged victorious, on the rugby field and in life. Invictus is a movie for the ages. Purchase it and share it with your children, your friends and strangers on the street. Perhaps the most important question raised by Invictus is: How do you change the world? The answer, of course, is: One person at a time. This movie may well motivate the next Mandela or Pienaar to greatness.     It seems that, as a director, Mr. Eastwood is intent on providing us with meaningful and inspiring cinema: Unforgiven, Mystic River, Million Dollar Baby, Gran Torino, the list goes on. His recent body of work insures his legacy long into the future. This film should prove to be his capstone.
0451228375|5.0|Ken Follett really is brilliant. He can fill a thousand pages with the daily lives of a handful of people living 700 years ago, and it is so engaging that I have to stay up until 2 a.m. because I can't sleep without reading the last 200 pages. On one hand, it's epic. Cathedrals, plague, disasters, intrigue... but these things really play a small part. It's more about ordinary people living lives that could be considered extraordinary for the time, facing challenges, suffering defeat and heartache, watching their loved ones and neighbors die of plague, forced to fight the will of corrupt or evil men, questioning the teaching of the Church. It's the strength and realistic nature of these characters that make Follett's work great, along with his obviously thorough historical research and gift for descriptive narrative. I know this is the kind of novel that many people find too long and even boring, but for me it's a joy to read.
B003UESJJC|5.0|Aside from creating a huge blu-ray collection that includes every single inch of film ever shot on Apocalypse Now, this set is most probably all I could ever ask for in a compendium release. We get the Theatrical edit (my version of choice), the Redux and \\"Hearts of Darkness\\" (a terrific documentary on the making of the film), not to mention hours of extras including further making-of documentaries, interesting and informative commentaries, interviews, deleted scenes and various other interesting bits (a video of Marlon Brando reciting T.S. Eliot and Orson Welles reciting Joseph Conrad's \\"Heart of Darkness\\" on old timey radio). There's not much to say about the audio and video except that it's absolutely top-notch, you're getting the bang for your buck in these departments.    The movies themselves are really great. I don't love the Redux but it works (I think the \\"French Plantation\\" scenes hammer a specific \\"point\\" home in a movie that works best being a little more....open-ended). And I think it's fair to say that this is one of the few films to do justice to Joseph Conrad's novella, \\"Heart of Darkness\\". For some strange reason I always feel like this movie would play a great triple-feature with \\"The Shining\\" and \\"There Will Be Blood\\". I'm not sure if this is a really cool idea or if it's weird and incongruous. They just seem very American and very epic in scope but also very strange in terms of music and atmosphere.     Basically, I recommend this blu-ray in high regard. It's one of the best and most complete sets since the 5-disc \\"Blade Runner\\" blu-ray release. Even if you have somehow never seen this movie, if you've the slightest interest in seeing this movie, the 3-disc \\"Full Disclosure\\" release is not only a terrific blind buy, it's the definitive version to own...
0307474712|5.0|This was a truly amazing book with a very unique concept. Nicholls traces the friendship of Dex and Em over the course of 20 years on the same day (July 15) each year. He does an incredible job of taking a slice of life without making all of their major life events fall on the same day each year. When important events happen in the other 364 days, he manages to mention them during the course of July 15, using their thoughts/memories to relate it to the day's events quite naturally.<br /><br />The story is touching and so real. The characters, their lives, their relationship... I felt absolutely immersed in reality, as if these were people I knew. I felt in turns exasperated, uplifted, heartbroken, amused, frustrated. I laughed, and yes, I cried.<br /><br />At one point, someone asks Em how she and Dex met, and she says, \\"We grew up together,\\" even though they met at the end of college. But really, that's what it was all about. They grew up, and they wouldn't have done it without each other.<br /><br />This was a beautiful, engaging, insightful, readable novel that I would highly recommend.
0618918248|5.0|Transaction went smoothly, was a timely delivery and the merchandise was in excellent condition when it arrived... thoroughly satisfied with everything....
0060794410|5.0|This book is good for business management major students. It is easy to read and easy to grasp to main points. Level 5 CEO is not just dream, we can make different in our business or our life, so we can be the leader in our world business. I believe that this books pokes you a lot and lead readers to find necessary ways to be successful manager or owner of business.
0312370849|4.0|I had read the reviews before ordering this book, many negative, so was a little hesitant to order.  So glad I didn't let the opinions of others sway me.  Yes, you could see the outcome for some situations. I am giving the book 4 stars rather than 5 because of that.  A little less predictability would have gone a long way.  As far as the main point of suspense--a child's life hanging in the balance--I was not sure how that would end.  Other outcomes were possible.  Also, I did not expect the reaction of Sarah's son when told the truth about his mother.  And the characters were very well done.  One of the camp guards even showed a human side.  I had thought at first that another character was going to be a one-dimensional jerk, but that turned out not to be totally true.  Realistic.    Realistic story, too.  This is just a beautiful and moving tale that I want to share with others.  I smiled at times and had tears in my eyes at other times.   The book also provides an interesting (and sickening) history lesson.  I had no idea the French police collaborated so closely with the Nazis.  That's not something you hear much about, and that story needs to be told.
0316098337|5.0|Being a part-time writer myself, I'm always on the look out for unique styles and perspectives.  Once I read about this book, I had to read it.  As many have said, this book lends itself to being devoured in a single day.  It's difficult to put down.  Written from the perspective of a five year old boy locked with his mother in a small room, Donoghue simply delivers a stellar piece of literary art which left me thinking about the characters for days after finishing it.  Donoghue nailed, in my opinion, the way in which Jack would see the world - in this case, his whole world is really his mother's cell.  He doesn't know this; everything outside that room, which he observes on TV, isn't even real to him.  The psychological aspects are riveting, and having a six year old son myself, I found amusing the perception of time by Jack (everything seems like hours and hours or days and days).  I will admit to being moved emotionally a number of times over the course of the day during which Jack and Ma captivated me.  I cannot help but to recommend this book, and have already lent out my copy (an action I rarely take with any book).
0316098337|3.0|This well reviewed book left me discomforted as the topic is disturbing.  The first half of the book is told through the eyes of a young child.  It is beautifully written.  The reader can picture everything in the room and experience every emotion of the child and his mother.  The story retells the experiences of a child and his mother being held captive in a small room for a very long time. Spoiler Alert....they escape/ The second part of the book reads like an after thought. It is confusing, and writen like the writer just needed to tie up loose ends.  It was very disappointing, .poorly thought out and weakly written.
0385342047|5.0|Sophie Kinsella is one of my favorite writers. I have been following the adventures of Becky from the start and I find this character to be so funny. When I read these books sometimes I laugh out loud. This most current book is along the lines of all the other shopaholic books,awesome!! I love the movie which was about the very first shopaholic book. Sophie's character Becky is such a shopaholic that sometimes you just want to yell at her and make her stop shopping but then other times you can really relate to her. I am looking forward to reading another book about Becky and her very funny life.
0765326353|5.0|This book was highly recommended to me by someone who hasn't finished it yet but really likes it. I am also not finished, but I can't put it down.  The idea behind it, the imagery and the characters are great.
B000683VI4|4.0|Its refreshing to see a movie like this for a change. I almost felt that hollywood could not make a movie that was not lewd and crude anymore. Its a love story thats you will enjoy.
B000BVQ9JO|5.0|Hands down, the best album of 2006. As much of a downgrade from the first 2 albums as this album is, it's still undeniably good, and I have to say, Julian Casablancas' songs (aka the strokes) are genius.
1439133948|2.0|Lois McMaster Bujold's Vorkosigan stories are among my favorites.    I received my copy of \\"Cryoburn\\" yesterday afternoon and immediately sat down to read it.    While the characters were interesting, the complexity of the story and the motivations are (in my opinion) sub-par.     This book seemed to be written more of an effort to fill a perceived need than as a real creation.      I almost never post a negative review (see my reviews of \\"Shards of Honor\\" and \\"Barrayar),\\" but this was a waste of my time and money.  It is not a bad read, but it is way below Lois Bujold's standard.    Suggest you wait for the paperback.
B001AQR3E4|5.0|I remember being disappointed when I got the DVD. I expected a much clearer, brighter (and richer) picture than VHS. I got this with the Blu-ray version. People who first see this movie on Blu-ray won't be wowed by the resolution, but it is a real step up from DVD. I'm very happy with it.
1565847032|4.0|I learned a lot from reading this book about how the world really works and how power works to maintain its hold on our lives.  This is a dense book with a lot of material and talks about many topics: foreign policy, taxes and government spending, activism and organizing, the disillusionment with government, ...  I wish had read this book years earlier.  The book is taken from discussions that Chomsky participated in, so the style is that of the spoken word.  It is surprisingly easy to understand and not what you generally expect from an MIT professor.  The reason it lost a star has to do with the editing.  Since the material was collected from many different discussions, there is a lot of overlap among the topics.  By the last third of the book I got the feeling some material sounds familiar and was rehashed from earlier chapters, so finishing it became tedious.  Otherwise, it is a great book that I highly recommend if you want to learn how the world works.
B003N5VOUO|5.0|This movie was very well put together and played out. I was crying and laughing and so interested in every moment from beginning to end.  I hope that more movies will come out that are just like this one.   I feel this film promotes understanding and acceptance of people of  different backgrounds, religions, colors, and physical abilities.  I want everyone in America to watch this movie!
0307591549|5.0|When I was invited to review this book, I must admit I was afraid it would be the standard \\"happiness\\" pitch. To my surprise and relief, this book turned out to be truly exceptional, beginning with the author's own story.<br /><br />To be sure, much of the info in this book will be standard fare for anyone who's familiar with the life coaching industry. However, it's packaged in a way that appeals even to left-brained skeptics like me. The author cites research studies to back up each point. Some of the suggestions were totally new to me, and I thought I was deeply familiar with the field.<br /><br />Just a few highlights that I enjoyed:<br /><br />p.55 - Work with a signature strength. This recommendation makes lots of sense to me. The book includes a link to a long online survey; I took the survey and found it surprisingly accurate. I'm a  little baffled by the authors suggestion to \\"use it in a new way each day for a week.\\"<br /><br />p. 67: I loved the discussion of Ellen Langer's research with \\"senior\\" men. Langer asked them to imagine themselves as they'd been 20 years earlier. They improved on physical as well as mental measures.<br /><br />pp 72-73 - Great discussion of leisure. I really resonated to the notion that we tend to think any non-work activity is worthless. This belief becomes a self-fulfilling prophecy.<br /><br />p. 121 - A startling experiment asks people to estimate how \\"fortunate\\" they would be if they were wounded in a bank robbery.  Great comment about interpretations of Wall Streeters!<br /><br />p. 139 - Solving small problems can lead to big wins.<br /><br />p. 163: Add 20 seconds to your day and gain several hours.<br /><br />Highly recommended. I'm glad I got this book to keep instead of borrowing from the library. I want to read it a few more times.
B000CRQX34|5.0|As a long time fan of the movie, this 'Extraordinary Deluxe Three-Disc Edition' is worth the money.  The movie is excellent and the extra features are all fun.  I would strongly reccomend this whether you are a life long fan, or have never seen it before!
B00005JLPK|5.0|Frida is a phenomenal epic. It doesn't illustrate the life of Mexican painter Frida Kahlo. It draws you into that life. Visually and emotionally arresting, such satisfying films are rare to come by.<br /><br />Young, vivacious Frida Kahlo is crippled in a bus accident. But even though her body turns on her, her spirit comes to life and she resolves to live life to its fullest. Her two greatest companions are the canvas and her husband, passionate and communistic playboy Diego Rivera. Their life together is not so much a rocky road but one littered with mountains. Slowly, her body gets more of a burden as well. Yet through all of that, her art keeps her strong.<br /><br />Frida is such a joy to behold because it invites the audience along to experience all of the aforementioned. Not once are we reminded of the fact that this is a movie. This is the potential of cinema realised; to draw the audience into the world presented before them. Frida Kahlo not only creates her paintings, but we are somehow drawn into the world of the paintings themselves. So we get to explore Frida Kahlo's mind as well as her surroundings, and not only are we dazzled by this tempestuous woman, we also understand her pain and, even more amazingly, her art as a consequence.<br /><br />Salma Hayek is utterly phenomenal in the leading role. She IS Frida Kahlo, not Salma Hayek portraying her. She even looks the part so well that the film often draws the audience into her paintings, through Salma Hayek, and it's hard to spot the difference. Alfred Molina is stunning as her impossible significant other Diego. All of the cast deliver stellar performances, but these two carry the whole ensemble on their shoulders, and they do it with grace.<br /><br />Boy is this a gorgeous film! We don't just see the lavish parties, we take part in them. There is such a feisty passion pumping throughout this entire picture. There is a rich use of warm, delicious colours. Very often, the gap between the world and Frida Kahlo's art diminishes, with spectacular results. This is one wild story, and the two-hour running time feels like it passes in no time at all. Frida is a triumph of a film, a spicy and delicious dish.pectacular results. This is one wild story, and the two-hour running time feels like it passes in no time at all. Frida is a triumph of a film, a spicy and delicious dish.
B000OKVUL4|3.0|book started out good and was good until the end.  The ending could have gone a different way, I believe. Kinda lack luster.
B003TXSF5C|5.0|Relatively (no pun intended) reading. Renews in a scientific way the debate over free will. I liked And learned from it.  Highly recommended.
0446691437|3.0|No es exactamente lo que esperaba. Pensé que se trataba de una guía sobre cómo vencer la resistencia. En su lugar, me encontré con algo así como una colección de consejos individuales acerca de qué es, cómo identificarla, y algunos tips para vencerla, que muchas veces no llegan a llenar media página.     Hubiese preferido algo más del tipo paso-a-paso, que comentarios sueltos.
0425170349|3.0|I guess this genre/subgenre of literature is not for everybody, but I am almost certain that it can be written and edited better than this was.<br /><br />When this novel is at its best, it flows and actually thrills me as the reader. However they were many setbacks and take away from how colorful this couldve been. Like the stereotypical characters that are near Super-human. No traces of character flaws or conflict that actually help create suspense and thrill. Everyone is wealthy with Masters and Doctorate degrees living rather lavishly. The Big Bad is not classism or racism or the human condition, it is organized global terrorism, which only the \\"Westernized\\" nations can fully combat.<br /><br /> The constant explanation and reiteration of things (i.e. weapons) and various jumping POVs take away from any momentum, making this novel move at a snail's pace. I don't understand why Clancy chose to narrate and devout an entire detailed , yawn stimulating paragraph to a character cleaning his rifle, when it can be summed into one sentence (i.e. Character thoughtful cleaned his expensive rifle.)<br /><br />The characters I found myself intrigued by were unfortunately not main characters, but were ripe with human characteristics, strengths, and weaknesses (outside of military combat). If Clancy could transfer on how well he introduced these minor characters to his protagonists, this novel would be ten times as better.<br /><br />I continued on through the novel, often skipping paragraphs that repeated the same detail (they practiced this way, they practiced that way, one is french, one is german, so on, so on). The suspenseful parts of the novel for me get lost and bogged down by Clancy's need to provide lengthy exposition.
142311339X|5.0|This is a brilliant start to the next Camp Half-Blood series. I'm so glad that the author didn't just let the series peter out--there's so much potential material here.  It's nice to know that Camp Half-Blood has survived the war and is carrying on somewhat \\"normally\\".  I love the three new main characters and am looking forward to seeing what they do in the next installment.  Mr. Riordan ends the book with a cliffhanger--I can't believe that I have to wait a whole year before finding out what happens next!!  I had to wrestle my 11 yr old for this book when it came in the mail--yes, we're that into it!!!    Kudos to Rick Riordan for another great book and such an auspicious beginning to the new Camp Half-Blood series!
B0033TJATW|5.0|[[ASIN:B0033TJATW Michael Jackson - Moonwalker (NTSC/Region 1  Michael Jackson at his Best!! Having fun, laughing, playing and doing what he was born to do.  This is exceptional. I had to buy a copy because all of mine are autographed to me and will never see the light of day.  Fabulous!
B0034G4OXQ|4.0|Many of us have a terrible tendency to pigeonhole filmmakers into the genres we think they're best suited for. When I first saw the trailer for \\"Hereafter,\\" I, like much of the moviegoing public, was unpleasantly surprised at the thought of Clint Eastwood having directed a supernatural drama. Given his recent triumphs with films like \\"Mystic River,\\" \\"Million Dollar Baby,\\" \\"Changeling,\\" \\"Gran Torino,\\" and \\"Invictus,\\" it just didn't seem like something he would have or should have done. As usual, I was reacting impulsively; \\"Hereafter\\" is an incredibly strong film, in large part because Eastwood resisted the temptation to treat it as a thriller. It certainly has mysterious elements, but for the most part, it's a poignant, thought-provoking story of how different people react to traumatic circumstances.    The common thread of the story is death - or, more accurately, what awaits us after we die. Although glimpses of a spiritual void are revealed, neither Eastwood nor writer Peter Morgan makes any grand claims as to what it is or how it works. In other words, the film assumes the reality of life after death, but it doesn't linger on details such as heaven, hell, purgatory, or anything else resembling eternal punishment or eternal reward. There isn't even a discussion about the existence of God. This isn't a criticism. We've seen far too many movies in which deathly states are both explicitly examined and regarded with either extreme sentimentality or extreme terror; \\"Hereafter\\" wisely avoids these clichés, in effect keeping the true nature of death a mystery.    The film is initially structured as three separate storylines, all of which theatrically but cleverly converge during the final act. In the first storyline, we follow Marie Lelay (Cécile de France), a French television journalist for a left-wing political program. While on vacation, a tsunami tears through the resort and sweeps her away, causing a near death experience. (While never directly stated, I'm forced to assume that Eastwood was depicting the 2004 Indian Ocean Tsunami that destroyed coastal cities in Indonesia, India, Thailand, and Sri Lanka.) Miraculously, she's revived. However, upon returning to France, she finds the experience has had more of an effect than she ever thought possible. She can no longer concentrate on her work, damaging her celebrity status. She's consumed with thoughts of life after death, a possibility that neither her atheist lover (Thierry Neuvic) nor her secular coworkers are willing to consider.    The second story focuses on George Lonegan (Matt Damon) a San Francisco factory worker who, after a childhood illness, gained psychic powers, specifically the ability to talk to the dead. He doesn't consider it a blessing, and he flatly refuses to step back into the spotlight as a celebrity psychic. In an Italian cooking class, he strikes up a friendship with a female student named Melanie (Bryce Dallas Howard), which seems like the beginnings of a contrived Hollywood romance until he takes her to his apartment; at that point, a simple but disturbing scene makes his reasons for trying to keep his ability abundantly clear. His brother (Jay Mohr) simply doesn't understand where he's coming from; the way he sees it, George is missing out on a tremendous financial opportunity.    The third story centers on a British boy named Marcus (Frankie McLaren), whose identical twin brother, Jason (George McLaren), is struck and killed after running in the middle of the street. This tragedy is made worse due to the fact that his mother, Jackie (Lyndsey Marshal), is a both drug addict and an alcoholic, forcing her into rehab; Marcus, now alone and in foster care, becomes withdrawn and moody, looking uncannily like the proverbial creepy child from a horror movie - pale skin, sunken eyes, and never a smile on his face. He gets obsessed with finding some way to reconnect with Jason's spirit, thus beginning his citywide search for a medium, someone who isn't merely selling crackpot ideas but can actually speak with the dead.    This particular plotline includes one of the film's best scenes, in which Jackie tearfully but bravely says goodbye to Marcus in the Social Services office. The reason it works so well is because it develops Jackie against our expectations. We've been conditioned by other films to see characters like her as hopeless and uncaring; I was prepared for scenes of emotional breakdowns and irrational behavior, such as her being completely unable to cope with Jason's death and somehow finding a way to blame it on Marcus. But nothing that conventional ever happens - even before her son dies, we see that she's finally coming to terms with her addiction problems, and her resolve only seems to strengthen after Jason's funeral. So too does her love for Marcus.    The ending is perhaps too conventional, although it appropriately challenges George's assertion that absolutely nothing good can come from his psychic abilities. It also nicely plays into the film's message, namely that, regardless of whether or not there is life after death, we must make the most of the time we're given here on Earth. Inevitably, this will involve the difficult but necessary task of moving on after a period of grieving; life is not about staying in the past, but going ahead. There may be certain atmospheric elements of \\"Hereafter\\" that seem atypical for Clint Eastwood, but in no way do they affect his affinity for strength of character and engaging stories. Don't dismiss this movie simply because of its supernatural overtones. There's so much more to it than that.
1573300403|5.0|[[ASIN:1573300403 Michael Jackson - History on Film, Vol. 2]]  This is a beautiful tribute to a part of Michael Jackson's career. He hand picked each piece and made it for his fans to cherish.  He took his God given gifts and fine tuned them into the magnificent King of Pop that will live forever as long as we continue to play his music and watch his videos. He captured our hearts because his own heart was bigger than any person I've ever had the pleasure of knowing. His music and dancing will live on forever as long as we listen to his songs and watch his short films. I don't want the world to forget this beautiful creature who took the basics of entertaining and catapulted them into the moves we've been attempting to copy for years. He was a wonderful Father, a Fabulous Entertainer and One of a kind; and he was my friend. I miss you Michael.
B003UYUQZW|4.0|This movie is good fun. I've watched it in an airplane before buying the DVD. It is worth the money.
0525951652|3.0|After writing great epic novels PILLARS OF THE EARTH  and WORLD WITHOUT END, bestselling author Ken Follett had returned with his greatest, most ambitions novel  yet, FALL OF GIANTS. This novel is just part one in a planned three part series that will follow the lives of several characters throughout the 20th century.<br /><br />FALL OF GIANTS is centered around the events leading up to and during the first World War. The plot is too complex to completely explain here, but Follett creates a core group of characters that will interact and intersect throughout the novel with each other and at major world events.<br /><br />Gus Dewar is a senator's son and an aid to President Woodrow Wilson. He strongly believes in Wilson 's ideals and plans for a League of Nations. Earl Fitzherbert is married to Bea, and longs to have a son that can be an heir. Ethel Williams one of his servants and her brother Billy works in the coal mines owned by the Earl. Earl's sister Maud has romantic feelings for Walter Von Ulrich, but faces objections from others because he is a German. Grigori Peshkov is a Russian factory worker who makes the ultimate sacrifice for his brother Lev.<br /><br />The characters are what drive the novel. In typical Follett fashion, the were will be love affairs, betrayals, children born out of wedlock. There's also murder, supsense and plot twists that the great writer is known for.<br /><br />The historical portion of the novel is also very important. Follett gives a great introduction to how World War I began and the politics behind that era. He also covers the Russian Revolution in great detail.<br /><br />This book is long, but easy to read and easy to follow in spite of the many characters. The only parts that dragged for me were the parts detailing the Russian Revolution. Also, readers should be aware that the novel is the first in three parts, so there aren't any plot points concluded at the end. I found the ending just fine, and it sets up the next novel perfectly.<br /><br />Follett is a great story teller and I love is take on the class distinction and social rules that made up society 100 years ago. Follett fans will enjoy this book, and hopefully he can pick up some new fans. Follett is one author that has been consistently great over the last 35 years. On the downside, there is nothing knew here. All of Follett's flaws remain, but for me, they are easy to overlook.ller and I love is take on the class distinction and social rules that made up society 100 years ago. Follett fans will enjoy this book, and hopefully he can pick up some new fans. Follett is one author that has been consistently great over the last 35 years. On the downside, there is nothing knew here. All of Follett's flaws remain, but for me, they are easy to overlook.
B002VPE1AW|4.0|Good movie. I've watched it a few times already and will watch it a few more. Good entertainment.
B0047O2HJC|5.0|Columbia's new release of \\"Bob Dylan: The Original Mono Recordings\\" seemed to be inevitable following The Beatles Mono titles last Fall.      Each title is enclosed within a Mini original album art sleeve.  Other than a booklet featuring a (mostly boring) essay by Greil Marcus, extras are slim.  The only other extra is the ability to download high-quality MP3 files for all of the titles (it's 899MB zipped!).  This includes the bonus track, \\"Positively 4th Street\\" in mono.  Your set will have a small bumper sticker enclosed, and your code for the download will be on the backing of the sticker.    As much as I love Bob, I found it hard to notice any obvious differences between the mono and sereo versions.   Unlike The Beatles In Mono, there are few, if any discernable differences between the versions (at least to my ears).    By all means, get this set...despite the mono treatment, the tapes have been cleaned up enormously and sound much better than the original CD releases from several years ago.    Slight revision of my original review:    My first listen to these mono versions was on my iPod (imported from the CDs), and after listening to them on my sound system, I do hear a great difference.  I now prefer the mono versions!  I must now up this to a \\"5\\" rating.    Also, for those interested,iTunes is now offering a few of the mono titles (Best Of Mono and a couple of the individual albums.  I would actually recommend the set instead of digital download for the artwork alone.    Sorry!  I've learned my lesson.  No further reviews based in what I'm hearing on my iPod.
B002RI9ZQ8|5.0|I thought this book was absolutely captivating and I could not put it down... extremely clever writer and amzingly intricate story, a little vulgar at times but if you can get through it you will find this book one to remeber... top marks!
B0042U94UQ|4.0|Despicable Me (Pierre Coffin and Chris Renaud, 2010)<br /><br />It's been well over two months since I saw Despicable Me, the all-too-cute first directorial feature from Coffin and Renaud (the latter of whom worked on No Time for Nuts, a short for the Ice Age franchise), and I still haven't reviewed it. I seem to recall having had this same problem with Kung Fu Panda a couple of years ago. What is it about me a kidflicks that doesn't seem to get along, even when I find them eminently enjoyable? No idea, but there it is. Which oddly is exactly what I feel like saying about Despicable Me; to this day, I have no real idea why I enjoyed it as much as I did, and yet here we are.<br /><br />Gru (voice of Steve Carrell) and Vector (voice of Jason Segel) are both arch-criminals. Well, Gru is an arch-criminal, while Vector is more of a screwup arch-criminal wannabe. In any case, they both find themselves competing with one another for loans at the Bank of Evil on a fairly regular basis. When one of those loans goes to Vector (unfairly, Gru thinks), he develops a plot to break into Vector's stronghold and steal a component for a new super-weapon Vector is developing (and will, of course, screw up given the chance). Thus, he adopts three orphans, dresses them up as girl scouts, and sends them off to Vector's to sell robotic cookies that will double as bugs. All well and good, but once the plan goes off, what to do with the kids? Gru finds himself transformed overnight into the role of dad. From there, it's as sappy and predictable a tale of redemption as they come.<br /><br />And yet still, as much as I should hate that sappiness and predictability, it works. And (I don't think this is a spoiler) I don't think it works because Gru is supposed to go through some sort of \\"I'm no longer a villain!\\" redemption and doesn't; I think it works because Gru isn't really much of a villain to begin with. He's way too cute and cuddly (as opposed to the odd angularity of Vector, who looks for all the world like Bill Gates to Gru's Bela Lugosi). Yeah, sure, his house is littered with stolen art, but still, even at the beginning, the guy's not a rough-and-tumble criminal. And this is one of those times when I know I should be ripping this movie apart for that, and I just can't because of the cute factor. And the more I realize that the more I realize how manipulative this movie was, and still, I just can't do it. While it's nowhere near in the league of a Kung Fu Panda or even a Cloudy with a Chance of Meatballs, are the kids going to complain about it? Absolutely not. And it'll work its odd charm on you, as well. *** 1/2ill Gates to Gru's Bela Lugosi). Yeah, sure, his house is littered with stolen art, but still, even at the beginning, the guy's not a rough-and-tumble criminal. And this is one of those times when I know I should be ripping this movie apart for that, and I just can't because of the cute factor. And the more I realize that the more I realize how manipulative this movie was, and still, I just can't do it. While it's nowhere near in the league of a Kung Fu Panda or even a Cloudy with a Chance of Meatballs, are the kids going to complain about it? Absolutely not. And it'll work its odd charm on you, as well. *** 1/2
B002N5N5R0|5.0|Awesome dvd ,got a great deal on it.The actors cast for all the roles are perfect.
B003F3NDP8|5.0|Superb show, it has kept its comedy, drama and suspense, i have always loved desperate housewives and i think everyoe should buy this season!.
0525951652|5.0|After happily reading my way through Mr. Follett's previous epics, I looked forward to this new one. I was not disappointed. His characters are sympathetic on all sides of the WWI conflict. As happens in war, no one wins. I learned a lot about the post-war British involvement in revolutionary Russia. I purchased the hard copy at Costco for under $20.00, which I thought was very reasonable. Now I will pass it on to many of my friends who are waiting impatiently. Sorry to hear about the problems with the kindle version, but I don't think it is fair to include that issue along with the reviews of the book itself. Waiting now for Volume II of the trilogy.
0316098337|5.0|After all of the rave reviews of this book, I was hopeful that it would live up to the hype.  It totally didn't--it surpassed the hype and left me in awe.   I laughed, I cried my eyes out, and in the end I was left with a feeling of hope, joy, and optimism.      I wish this were going to be a series so that we could follow Jack and Ma to see what the world holds for them next and what the next chapters of their lives will be.  Definitely the BEST book I have read in a very long time.
B00004STUL|5.0|I was very happy with my purchase and communication with the seller. However, I was diappointed that no discount was offered on shiiping and handling for multiple items purchased.
B003TXS5AC|5.0|purchased as a gift after having seen Iron Maiden LIVE at DTE here in Michigan-
B000VWYJ86|5.0|I was very happy with my purchase and communication with the seller. However, I was diappointed that no discount was offered on shiping and handling for multiple items purchased.
B003YK42M0|4.0|Great album!  Very solid 5th album from this band.  Just had to point out something I found rather funny.  The lyrics for the bands songs on the 2nd vinyl has Pyro labeled for the song Radioactive and vice versa.  Do they not at least proof read the lyrics before they send them out to print?  This is pretty embarrassing on their part if you ask me.  Whoever was in charge of that is going to get fired lol.  But other then that, great vinyl!  Just wish it included a code for a free mp3 download as thats the trend most artists do nowadays!
B000HIVOI2|4.0|I have 2 words  JAMES SPADER.  This largely under rated actor's portrayal of Daniel Jackson has created my favorite character anywhere.   Intelligent, disrespected by his colleagues and peers, Dr.Jackson exudes a quiet dignity, secure in his knowledge that he is correct in his theories--but never arrogant or cocky.  I dont know if that was the way he was written or if that is Mr. Spader's spin on him,  but he slays me.  I would do him in 2 seconds. He is a mixture of good looks (GREAT hair), intelligence and perhaps a little bit of nerdiness, but when the going gets tough he can hold his own, shooting aliens and conversing with the locals in their native language.  But the best part for me is that he respects women, in his own way.  When presented with a \\"comfort woman\\" he immediately declines her \\"offer\\" and then gets to know her, develops a friendship with her and when it becomes apparent that the society in which they reside consider them \\"married\\" and she feel badly that he rejected her initially, he is man enough to do something about it.  SIGH!  My perfect man--next to my husband of course.
B003UYUR10|5.0|a exciting movie with action,deceit and revenge for a game story made into a movie wonderfully done,anxiuosly waiting for the next installment of this series.
B003NX76BM|5.0|This was one of the best books I've read in months - I wanted to read it every moment, thought about it when I couldn't be reading, and have started it again because I was so sad to see it end.<br /><br />I admit, I'm a sucker for dogs, so that lured me in to start with. But it was the characters and solid plot that kept me turning pages. I don't know how Ms. Roberts does it, but her characters typically feel so real to me - with plenty of flaws, lots of attitude and more heart than any folks should have. The hero of The Search, Simon, is so far from perfect it's humorous. He's irritable, grouchy, intolerant of fools. He seldom says anything just plain nice, and couches any flattery with plenty of insult. That makes him sound annoying, but he's not. He's just a normal guy who's used to being on his own, so when you throw in a new puppy and a sexy dog trainer who isn't his type, he's crankier than usual.<br /><br />Fiona, owner of three search and rescue dogs, is a strong woman - almost TOO strong. She's the sole survivor of a serial killer, a man who also killed her fianc&eacute; and his K9 companion. Since that time, she's made every effort to take care of herself, which occasionally leads her to exclude those who love her from things that are important in her life. This causes trouble between her and Simon as things begin to grow between them, especially when copycat murders start showing up and Fiona is directly threatened.<br /><br />Though this is a mystery/suspense novel, there are so many fun moments that it keeps it from being an adrenaline-pumping, can't-breathe-for-the-worry kind of book. The suspense tends to linger in the background for the most part, with the romance taking the forefront along with Fiona's search and rescues assignments. I loved watching Simon with his puppy, Jaws, as they found their way together with Fiona's help. I thoroughly enjoyed observing Simon and Fiona discover they like each other, much to the surprise of both of them. Neither wants a relationship, and they aren't each other's type in any way. Yet... the attraction is there, as well as the enjoyment in mutual time spent together.<br /><br />I can't say enough good things about the dog aspect of this story either. Though non-dog lovers and owners will assuredly enjoy this book, those of us who do enjoy canine companionship will find this book even more enjoyable. I smiled, laughed, and even occasionally snorted at the troubles Jaws got into. He's such a classic puppy, a loveable trouble-maker, I couldn't help but be charmed (and also be glad my four-footed family members are all well past that stage).<br /><br />The love story is delightful as well, full of as many problems as sweet moments and with such a perfect ending that my heart couldn't help but sigh. Add in a memorable and delightful cast of secondary characters, and what you have is a favorite of Nora Roberts' books to date. This will be a novel that I read until it falls apart at which point I'll buy another copy and start all over again. I'd be surprised if you didn't feel the same.<br /><br />Originally posted at The Long and Short of It Romance Reviewsthey aren't each other's type in any way. Yet... the attraction is there, as well as the enjoyment in mutual time spent together.     I can't say enough good things about the dog aspect of this story either. Though non-dog lovers and owners will assuredly enjoy this book, those of us who do enjoy canine companionship will find this book even more enjoyable. I smiled, laughed, and even occasionally snorted at the troubles Jaws got into. He's such a classic puppy, a loveable trouble-maker, I couldn't help but be charmed (and also be glad my four-footed family members are all well past that stage).     The love story is delightful as well, full of as many problems as sweet moments and with such a perfect ending that my heart couldn't help but sigh. Add in a memorable and delightful cast of secondary characters, and what you have is a favorite of Nora Roberts' books to date. This will be a novel that I read until it falls apart at which point I'll buy another copy and start all over again. I'd be surprised if you didn't feel the same.     Originally posted at The Long and Short of It Romance Reviews
B0001WANCM|5.0|I ordered this DVD on Saturday and received it on Wednesday. I was pleased with the fast return. It was packaged good and in good shape when I received it.
B003ASLJK4|5.0|...now I can watch without commercial interrruptions and just soak it in.  A great classic loved story!
0553805371|1.0|I am under the impression that the book has been written in hurry.   Especially, the last - and the most important chapter of the book - the chapter discussing the concept of the Grand Design of the universe. In fact, this was the main reason I have purchased this book - to understand the latest thoughts of Stephen Hawking on science, God, the universe, and on other important questions.    I had enjoyed the beginning of the book, which talked about the history and the evolution of science.  I was very disappointed with the ending and with the overall level of logic and reasoning used towards the end of the book.  \\"Sloppy\\" - is the right word for it.  Anyway, the book doesn't really offer the answer or anything reasonably believable in terms of the idea of the Grand Design.  It focuses much more on the old and known and spends relatively little time on the very subject of the book.  It turns philosophical at times, but most of the arguments it offers are superfluous and incomplete.    And, I am not even going to comment on the quality of humor used.  This is just one example: \\"Ten dimensions might sound exciting, but they would cause real problems if you forgot where you parked your car\\".      Funny?
B0040YFR1Y|3.0|This latest installment of my favorite film franchise is actually pretty good. Come on people, it's a predator movie, so let's not turn our IQs on overdrive and scrutinize every bit of movie.     I have to admit that Adrien Brody as the lead tough guy was a little contrived, but this wasn't my major issue with the film. My major issue was that they killed off Danny Trejo so early in the film; that's borderline unforgivable. The character development is fairly well done, and the tension between the characters was a good ingredient for the plot.      The deleted scenes include some good stuff, and they were entertaining to watch. I've watch the movie twice already, and I only got the Blu-ray 3 days ago.
B003TML0VO|5.0|The best overall collection of music I have acquired in a very long time...maybe ever.
B003TEO3EI|5.0|This was my first Blind Guardian CD, which is got mainly for Sacred Worlds since I loved it from the game (sadly I think it was the best part of the game...but that's another review...). I know a lot of their songs tend to be rather long compared to other bands, usually with a lot of instrumental intros and such. But I still managed to find several songs that I wanted to put in my other playlists, and nearly every song made the Blind Guardian Playlist.  If you want this album, I would definitely go for the deluxe edition (2 cd set, this one). The Pre-Production Version of Sacred Worlds is the one from the game. The differences between this one and one of cd is about 3 minutes of instrumental music in beginning and end. You also have You're the Voice, which is a great cover which is only on the extra CD. And then you have the Demo version of Tanelorn, which is pretty different from final version and I find it nice to have both on the playlist.  Overall, I loved the CD and will certainly look more into the band. If you liked Sacred Worlds, you would probably want to get this CD.
B002VWNIAY|4.0|This is a movie that every American must see.  It really set the standard in Hollywood for years to come, especially with its cliches.
B003TEO3EI|5.0|I've listened to nearly everything in the Blind Guardian catalog, all the way from Battalions of Fear up to 2010's At the Edge of Time. I played the snot out of their catalog when I ran weekly metal radio shows in high school and college. I'm still actively exploring the heavy metal genre, listening to new works from old bands and entirely new bands. I guess you could say my expectations of a band like Blind Guardian are reasonable but at the same time high. Imaginations from the Other Side and Somewhere Far Beyond are power metal classics, as far as I and countless others are concerned. This album measures up, easily. Hansi, Marcus and Andre's work on this album is impressive not only because it's genuinely great material, but moreover because Blind Guardian is, in fact, (officially) more than 2 decades old now. Very impressive. History won't forget these guys. Check it out if you haven't yet.
B0021L8UQ2|4.0|Despite all logic and reason, I enjoyed Orphan. It had an eerie vibe.  You know something is going on with this little girl. What is her story?  The movie kept my interest until the end.  The only thing that I could say about the ending is,\\" Wow , I didn't see that coming.\\"  Get a group of people together and have fun watching this one.
B003PIUC02|5.0|This series rocks !!! Great history ... I'm dying to see the second season !!!
B003ZDZ1WG|5.0|Saw The Band Perry back in Sept, they are just awesome couldn't wait for the cd to come out my girls love them, they are so down to earth (girls even got to take pictures with them) so cool they will love it when they are older and can say they met them. This band will still be around then I'm sure of it.  Awesome cd though every song is addictive. Going to wear it out in the first 2 weeks lol
1594488843|5.0|Fascinating material on what motivates people.  If you are a big believer in using financial incentives as a carrot to get employees to do the right thing, you may come away from this book deeply disturbed....
B0021L8V1Q|5.0|the first one we liked better but both go well with the story plying out can't wait till number 3 must see in blu-ray thanks the parkers
B003ODL004|4.0|I loved the CD and the movie was fantastic, my daughter saw it 5 times!!!! So when we bought the CD, was a bit disappointed because the song that they use in the movie to \\"wake\\" them up from their dream...is NOT on the CD...just had to get it off i-tunes....otherwise a good listen.
B00009ZYC1|5.0|THIS DVD WAS SHIPPED TO MY PLACE REAL QUICK. THE CASE IS IN GREAT CONDITION AND THE DVD HAS NO SCRATCHES ON IT. MY DAUGHTER LOVES IT AND WATCHES IT ALL THE TIME. REALLY NO COMPLAINTS
B002MQYOFW|5.0|this book gripped me from page one. i was drawn in by the strong yet vulnerable narrator, katniss, as well as this intriguing world into which i had been transported. collins' invention of the capitol and its hunger games provides a poignant comment on our own society's interest in violence as a form of entertainment as well a disapproving message about war in general. Â«the hunger gamesÂ» is an extraordinary piece of art masterfully woven by suzzane collins. it is one of the greats
0553584537|4.0|What can I say? I love Lisa Gardner's writing. What a talented woman! This book was particularly fun. The characters are all great, even the \\"bad\\" guys are written with humor. I really like Bobby Dodge's character. He was written well, with just the perfect amount of smart-ass-ness. D.D. Warren is also great. Good female character; strong, intelligent, capable!<br />The story had me furiously turning the pages. Great read, very exciting, and all with a healthy dose of humor!<br />Nicely done!!!
B001AIRUOU|1.0|I purchased this item for my daughter for Christmas. She saved the DVD to watch on Halloween. She opened the package to find that the actual DVD was missing,and only contained the digital copy. She is very upset as am I. This has never happened before,as I have ordered from here quite a bit. Now the return has expired. Will; have to rethink about ordering from here again!!!! NOT HAPPY!!!!
B0026P3G12|1.0|PLEASE DO NOT AUTO-CONFIRM ME. I AM DOING MY BUDGET VERY CAREFULLY AND IT IS NOT GOOD FOR ME. PLEASE - NO AUTO - CONFIRM .  THANKS
B0019N8P2W|5.0|Daria's sarcasm and wit immediately wins you over.  Sprinkled in as well are some of the clueless other classmates that tie the show together.
B001V7UXG2|5.0|PG Wodehouse was simply the best humorist to ever pen a book and the Jeeves and Wooster series was Wodehouse at his very best. Hugh Laurie and Stephen Fry capture all of the fun and whimsy of the books and bring to life these very funny characters from a very different time and place.
B003KUSUSQ|5.0|I bought this CD for my 15 year old but of course I did buy the (clean) version.  But all in all it is a really good CD.  Eminem made yet another great CD.
B003XL6EKS|5.0|I have owned this album since the day it came out, but have been waiting to write my review.  I must say that I am a huge Killers fan, so I don't know if I can be that biased.  However, I will say that at least one half of The Killers songs that I love now, I didn't like when I first heard them.  Thus, I wanted to wait until I could fully digest this new Brandon Flowers' production.    After a month of listening, I can say that I really like this album.  Every single song is different on this album, which I can't ever remember thinking about any album.  Yet they still seem to sound like they go together.  This is a much more subdue album than any Killers album, but there is still the catchy sing-a-long lyrics that one would expect from Brandon Flowers.  If you didn't like The Killers I don't think this will change your mind.  However, this album does make me appreciate the other 3/4 of The Killers.  Mark, Ronnie, and Dave often get over looked, but I think when you don't hear them playing you appreciate more of what they bring to a Killers' song.    This is a great album start to finish, it will just take a few listens to fully appreciate.  Pick it up.
0743289692|4.0|I was appalled at the plight of Musslem women in the modern world. The world needs to understand and take action to prevent the spread of Islam and the loss of freedom of women. Female mutilation is sadistic and occurs daily to millions of girls against their will and before they understand the life changing physical and emotional damage it causes. And yet the religion does not allow for free thinking let alone the questiong of this barbaric practise. Read this book!!    Bill
B003FSTN5C|5.0|LL Cool J and Chris O'Donnell work well together and add a cool factor to the NCIS/CIS series. But of course, how could a Los Angeles operation not be cool? This series adds undercover work to the investigations which adds another dimension and some originality to the show. Great cast and very likable chararcters. Some interesting character development. Very fun and exciting stuff.
0812973992|5.0|Let the Great World Spin<br />Colum McCann<br /><br />If you are looking for a `feel good' read, this probably is not the best book choice for you. But if you are looking for a book of depth and perception, that can capture a mood and essence of each character perfectly, I highly recommend Let the Great World Spin. This is NYC of the seventies  - a period of Vietnam War unrest, drugs and prostitution - with the World Trade Center Twin Towers looming as a backdrop. Where were you when Philippe Petit made his daring high wire crossing between those two towers?<br /><br />Let the Great World Spin starts softly, establishing a mood from which all characters emerge. Lives begin to mesh and collide. Events encircle his characters, so fully fleshed that they creep into your psyche while you're not looking. McCann's chapters depict events - at times sordid or disturbing, at times fascinating or out right humorous - yet each in its own way gripping and compelling. McCann's characters come alive through his uncanny ability to literally step inside their heads, with artistry that extends far beyond that of a fine storyteller. This author literally becomes the soul of each character, enveloping and permeating each persona as he translates their underlying emotions, thoughts and deeds through conversation, action and interaction.<br /><br />McCann's adeptness with language enables him to paint landscapes, portraits and events with equal artistry. Treat yourself to a copy of Let the Great World Spin and get ready for a memorable read.<br /><br />Lois W. Stern<br />Author of SEX, LIES AND COSMETIC SURGERY<br />and<br />TICK TOCK, STOP THE CLOCK ~ GETTING PRETTY ON YOUR LUNCH HOUR<br />Featured in 50 GREAT WRITERS YOU SHOULD BE READING by The Authors Show
B000VWE5OY|5.0|Intriguing sci-fi as only the British can deliver. Fun crew of alien chasers with a man of mystery, Captain Jack Harkness, leading the charge. These are quite original storie with a lot of action, mystery, suspense and alien gizmos. A little more \\"serious\\" and a less campy than Dr. Who. Great cast of chracters and although Harkness seems to be the central figure, each character gets his fair share the limelight throughout the season. John Barrowman is the perfect actor for Harkness and the rest of the cast is superb. Definitely picking up the DVDs for Seasons 2 and 3.
B00383UJ2U|5.0|It's so frustrating that the best pop music only comes out in Europe and never makes its way to the U.S. these days.  I suppose an intelligent, thoughtful, emotionally stirring, electronic pop duo is considered by American record executives to be too shocking for American ears.  This band caused quite a stir in the U.K. with their first single \\"Wonderful Life\\" and hit #1 on the album charts.  Despite comparisons to so many 1980's synth-based artists (Depeche Mode, Pet Shop Boys, New Order, etc.), Hurts is thoroughly modern.  Icy electronics, chunky dance beats, and warm, melodic vocals are all wrapped up in a sleek, irresistible package.  Hurts is the next big thing.  Be adventurous- buy this imported album and you'll be the first of all your friends to know about it!
B000VLE3GA|5.0|If you love Zeppelin - then this CD is a must.  It takes the best songs from about four albums and puts them in one place.  Two CD set - over twenty Led zep tunes your going to love.
B00005LK95|5.0|I love  the Movie greatly despite some of the reviews  I saw. I like  things that are  not normal and see  everything  from a  different  perspective
0525423842|3.0|The Kid Lawyer is the first teen book by John Grisham.  Theo Boone is the main character and character is definitely the way I would describe him.  He has a knack for helping everyone and being looked up to and he is only a teen.<br /><br />This book is a great portrayal of the court system and how it affects different people.  It laid out the basic structure of a trial along with a little bit of a mystery in whether the defendant of this trial was guilty or not.<br /><br />As an adult reading this, I will say it was too basic of a read and even as a 11- 13 year old, I would think they would find it somewhat boring.  Kids this age and adults need more stimulus in their reading, maybe some more action!
0756665949|3.0|The LOST Encyclopedia will not bring a bevy of new insights or craved \\"answers\\" for fans of the show, but it is a solid catalog of facts and histories from the show's vast mythology. I wouldn't call it comprehensive, but it's an enjoyably casual reference for fans of the show.<br /><br />The biggest negative trait of the book is the sloppy editing. Despite being delayed multiple times before its release, the articles still contain numerous typographical errors (I'd estimate one every couple of pages on average), far more than should be acceptable for a professionally published work like this. There are even entries that are OUT OF ALPHABETICAL ORDER: under \\"D,\\" there are three entries ordered \\"Donovan,\\" \\"Dogen\\" and \\"Doctors.\\" I know it's something most people won't lose a lot of sleep over, but as an English major I found them impossible to ignore and quite distracting from the flow of the book.<br /><br />More important and germane to the nature of the LOST Encyclopedia, there doesn't seem to be much rhyme or reason to the emphasis placed on some elements of the show in contrast to others. For example, on the same two-page spread, Eddie Colburn, a minor character featured in ONE flashback episode, is given as much attention as Edward Mars, a character who appeared in multiple flashbacks and on the Island. Another example: there's a massive two-page entry dedicated to the RECORD PLAYER in the Swan station. The same amount of space is given to the blast door map, one of the pivotal set pieces of the series. If I had to guess, I'd say that such decisions were made to make the articles fit into neat two-page layouts, with the visual presentation emphasized over the relevance of information.<br /><br />As mentioned in a previous review, the alphabetization of the entries is slapdash. If you want to actually look up an obscure element of the show rather than just casually browse the book, you may find yourself taking several guesses on what your query may be titled before you find it. For example, if you want to look up the glowing river alternatively called \\"The Source\\" or \\"The Heart of the Island,\\" you won't find it listed under either of those two names. Instead, it is mentioned in a brief paragraph in the massive entry \\"The Island,\\" as well as intermittently in other entries. Other aspects of the show that this fan thinks should have entries but do not, based on their importance in the show, include the Whispers, Time Travel, and the Donkey Wheel.<br /><br />Now, to the positive. Given the existence of the much more comprehensive fan wiki \\"Lostpedia,\\" the biggest appeal of The LOST Encyclopedia is not the depth or organization of its entries. Instead, it is the hundreds and hundreds of visual aids that accompany the entries, along with photos of LOST props and locales sprinkled liberally throughout the book. All of the entries on the major Dharma stations feature original diagrams. There are hundreds of close-ups of key props, such as Faraday's journal and maps used by the characters, as well as more obscure pieces like Drive Shaft promotional posters and the contents of Kate's time capsule. Most fans have never had an opportunity to see such components of LOST lore this clearly and up close.<br /><br />The encyclopedia also features a number of ancillary elements that exist outside of the show, thus establishing them as canon while also exposing them to fans who may not have seen them before. The entry for Alvar Hanso contains information about Thomas Mittlewerk and Rachel Blake, characters featured only in the LOST Alternate Reality Game \\"The LOST Experience.\\" The article on the Purge includes a copy of the truce between the Others and the Dharma Initiative, previously available only to those who bought the special edition of the Season Five box set. There are even translations of many of the hieroglyphics featured on sets and props from the show, engravings that would be impossible to discern from screencaps.<br /><br />Ironically, the unofficial Lostpedia easily remains the definitive source of information on LOST even after the release of this book. Really, The LOST Encyclopedia functions best as a kind of coffee table attraction, a tome to peruse for the sake of curiosity as opposed to a serious study of the show's mythology. While its numerous textual errors give some entries an unpolished feel, from a strictly visual perspective the book is stunning. It's not easy to produce as many new images from a show as heavily scrutinized as LOST, but the material unique to the book, as well as the conversational tone best suited to enjoyable casual reading, make it worth the buy.the definitive source of information on LOST even after the release of this book. Really, The LOST Encyclopedia functions best as a kind of coffee table attraction, a tome to peruse for the sake of curiosity as opposed to a serious study of the show's mythology. While its numerous textual errors give some entries an unpolished feel, from a strictly visual perspective the book is stunning. It's not easy to produce as many new images from a show as heavily scrutinized as LOST, but the material unique to the book, as well as the conversational tone best suited to enjoyable casual reading, make it worth the buy.
1439190275|4.0|Comprehensive. The two Doctor/Authors have come up with exercises, diet and recipes for improving health and weight loss. I would recommend this to anyone interested in these subjects.
0756665949|3.0|This is a great book for any die-hard LOST fan. It includes a number of details and clarifications that have not been offered anyplace else, which makes it indispensable. At the same time, many valuable features that one can find on Lostpedia.com (unofficial Lost encyclopedia online) are missing. Things like full lists of episode titles and summaries of each season, and, especially, timelines, character and mystery statuses. The book is also missing an index, which is quite odd for a publication of this nature, and makes it impossible to cross reference. This would lead me to believe there was not enough room to include all these features, which makes it somewhat curious that Sawyer's reading list, for example, is including twice in the book. Indeed, a number of facts and pictures are duplicated, while others are left out entirely.     My biggest complaint though is the number of grammatical errors. Someone who wrote or edited the book has a lot of trouble identifying the subject of a sentence. For instance, one sentence reads \\"Before his father went on the Kahana mission, Michael tried to make contact with Walt.\\" What this sentence means is that Michael's father went on the Kahana mission, but this is incorrect--it was Walt's father, Michael, who went on the mission. This type of incongruent-subject error is very frequent in the book. I've only read about 1/10 of it so far and have found similar mistakes five times already, as well as a number of typos.     Most books have some mistakes, partly because our eyes tend to see what we know to be correct, so even astute editors miss some of these things. But there's a reasonable limit on just how many mistakes there should be, especially when this book is published by DK, known for its reference and educational books.     I'm glad I bought the book now, but I'm also hoping for a second, improved edition, at which time I'll sell the current one on Ebay and cut my losses.
B001UV4XFG|5.0|I can't wait to get the DVD for this movie. It is the best of the 3 Twilight movies so far. If you like the Twilight saga-you will love this movie.
B001BPJJ9G|5.0|This is a remarkable film and with the proliferation of high-end TVs, perfect to see at home.  Filmed with great imagination, you can easily lose yourself in the wonder of it all.  Usually the \\"extras\\" on a DVD are best skipped -- not this one.  Watch both the lead actor's commentary as well as the director's commentary for a richer experience and some surprises.  In the director's commentary, there's a shot of a dog's head sticking out of a big pool (he's keeping cool while watching the filming) which I thought was laugh-worthy.
0060775858|5.0|I purchased this book as a gift for my 2 year old twin grand babies. They had been using a checked out library book and the babies loved the book, so I got this book so they would have their own copy. They love this book and want it read to them every night. The book I received was just as described and I received it in a timely maner.
1584282584|3.0|Some very usefull tips on flash bounce and ETTL flash metering. A little redundant at times. Could've been written more clearly.
B002ZG98LO|5.0|Good clean basic no nonsense violent fun! Finally it's rated R again so it can be given the treatment it deserves. A simple story that didn't try to outdo itself. \\"Just the facts Mam\\". Better than all since the original and almost as good.
1439181780|4.0|Received the book within a week and half of it being shipped.  It arrived in mint condition was good, but I was unable to track the package which was very inconvenient.  This helps the consumer gain confidence in the supplier......FYI going forward.
B003UYUQZW|2.0|I have liked most of the stuff Jake is in but this was not very good. Predictably enough it was like watching a video game. It wasn't too hard to look at the princess for the duration though. Without her to distract me the movie would have been downright painful.
0975991477|2.0|I thought this book would be about how people form beliefs from a biological point of view.  While I did like a lot of his non spiritual ideas, his criticism of darwin / darwinians is unfounded as darwin fully explained how important environment is in evolution if you actually read \\"on the origin of species\\", and darwin knew nothing of genes or DNA so why slam darwinian evolution ? because it doesn't need a creator or spiritualism.
0307474275|5.0|I cannot think of another book that grabbed and held my attention like The Davinci Code.  This novel was replete with little-known but factual information about the history of Christianity, the Catholic Church, Opus Dei, the Knights Templar as well as many other topics.  Although it is a work of fiction, Dan Brown stimulates the reader to think about the possibilities that great artists, such as Leonardo da Vinci, may have cleverly left hidden messages or suggestions in their works.  I learned a great deal about people and places that I had been previously unfamiliar with.  Most importantly, the story itself was riveting, and literally, I could not put the book down while I was reading it.  I highly recommend this book!
0756665949|4.0|As a fanatic of the show who followed all things CANON, I enjoyed the book overall.  It's a great overall resource if you want to look something quick for reference.  Whenever I thought something was omitted, it would pop up as information under a different entry.      There are some small errors here and there.  But I think they can be taken with a \\"grain of salt.\\"      Overall it's a great resource for the show.  It doesn't offer \\"answers\\", but I felt the clarifications on things can be considered as new information.  Such as how Ethan joined the others, that Widmore ordered the purge an JAcob suggested to Richard that he be removed from power, etc.
0812580346|2.0|Was a boring read after watching the short lived tv series.  When the book finally reaches the ending, you can't believe that's all he could come up with.
0316044695|5.0|Simply put, an amazing story of faith, courage, brotherhood, and humanity.  Thank you Marcus for sharing your story.
0425220931|4.0|Victor Wooten already had chops, a recognizable name and a successful career when he realized he had reached a creative rut.  Music had become routine; his playing was uninspired.  Then he received a visit from a stranger, and his life - and his bass-playing - would never be the same again.      When the stranger first appears at his door, it is as an eccentric in a bizarre outfit with an inexplicable familiarity with the author and his malaise.   Over a series of meetings, the stranger exhibits exceptional powers of observation and intuition and a thorough knowledge of music theory and musicianship.  Victor's approach to playing the bass is deconstructed, his practice regimen retooled, and his very attitude towards music and life turned inside out.      The stranger turns out to be a sort of shaman.  His magical powers require the reader to suspend disbelief.   He is quite possibly an amalgam of several people Victor has known, or perhaps a figment of Victor's fertile imagination altogether.    Though the shaman conceit is mostly effective, and Victor is charmingly self-effacing and funny, we're asked to strain credulity even further when a second mystical figure, a seductive woman this time, enters the picture, plying Victor (and us) with more wisdom than I, for one, could take at that point.    Ultimately, the value of the book is in the way Wooten challenges himself and his reader to re-examination the self and one's \\"take\\" on one's profession.   Plus, it offers some useful and practical exercises for the musician whose practice habits have gone stale.   Who among us wouldn't like to be stirred into inspiration when the creative juices have run dry?  Victor Wooten has written a compelling and ingenious book of self-discovery and re-invention.
B004498KPU|4.0|Hard to absolutely believe it has been almost a year and a half since the world received the devistating news that The King Of Pop, Michael Jackson had died. That June 25, 2009 hit everyone like a massive sledgehammer pounding the nails of life away. He tried to make his way back into the music industry, after years of heartbreaking moments of his life, from being accused of being a child molestor (which he was later acquitted from in 2005,) to battling bouts of racism with his label, after the way he felt not being promoted as a artist from the lackluster 2001 Invincible. He had lost his ways, and it wasn't until his death hit, that people were reminded of why Michael Jackson was definitive not just as a artist, but through the ways he pushed the envelope in his music videos. But, there hasn't been a definitive reflection of Michael Jackson's music videos, but this is a great start.<br /><br />Michael Jackson's Vision, the first project Michael Jackson's estate released after singing a $250 million deal, is a DVD reflection of Michael's greatest music videos, past and present from the beginnings with Off The Wall, all the way to Invincible. The DVD includes Michael's biggest music videos from the definitive Thriller, to the way he strutted his walk in Billie Jean, to being a part of the most expensive music video ever with the $7 million video Scream with his sister Janet Jackson. Every definitive reason why the world still loves Michael is here. There are a few delights that also are strongly here including Say, Say, Say with Paul McCartney, and the never-before issued One More Chance from his 2003 Number Ones hits collection. The collection is very strong, but there could've been a few more videos that could've been a part of the reflection down Michael's memory lane, like the videos for Butterflies from Invincible, and the video for what was suppose to be his 2001 charity anthem What More Can I Give? to help the victims of 9/11, which neither were released to the public due to the strifes he had to deal with through his label, and the posthumous This Is It which Spike Lee directed the music video for, as a strong remembering of why the world loved Michael Jackson from the This Is It documentary.<br /><br />All in all, Michael Jackson's Vision is a great buy for die hard fans of The King Of Pop. If you've ever wondered why he was strong into his music videos, than you'll see it so strongly through this DVD anthology of Michael Jackson's biggest music videos. It is a great buy for anyone whom not just misses Michael Jackson, but anyone that has never seen a simple music video from Michael Jackson's library at all. He really showed all of his life why his music was a delight, and his videos were more of a treat through Michael's vision. I absolutely recommend this as a great buy.<br /><br />Remastering: A-<br /><br />Price: B+<br /><br />Extras: B 1/2+<br /><br />Videos: A-<br /><br />Overall: B+due to the strifes he had to deal with through his label, and the posthumous This Is It which Spike Lee directed the music video for, as a strong remembering of why the world loved Michael Jackson from the This Is It documentary.    All in all, Michael Jackson's Vision is a great buy for die hard fans of The King Of Pop. If you've ever wondered why he was strong into his music videos, than you'll see it so strongly through this DVD anthology of Michael Jackson's biggest music videos. It is a great buy for anyone whom not just misses Michael Jackson, but anyone that has never seen a simple music video from Michael Jackson's library at all. He really showed all of his life why his music was a delight, and his videos were more of a treat through Michael's vision. I absolutely recommend this as a great buy.    Remastering: A-    Price: B+    Extras: B 1/2+    Videos: A-    Overall: B+
B0000714BP|5.0|This is so funny. Swayze, Leguizamo and Wesley are at their best as drag queens
B001F9Y2CM|4.0|I have to differ with some of the negative reviews here.  This was a great package and well priced for all of the studio releases by ABBA, as well as a collection of singles and other material that were not included on the albums.  I believe the sound quality is excellent, the album sleeves for the individual albums sure seemed nice to me.  As another reviewer noted, I like having the albums as made, without the addition of \\"bonus\\" cuts, since in my experience these cuts detract from the listening experience which was carefully thought out by the artists at the time of creation.  My one quibble, and what keeps this from being five stars for me, is the booklet, which really contains surprisingly litte information, when you get right down to it.  The essays for both of the greatest hits packages are much more informative.  I know there is a ton of information on the band on the internet, etc., but it seems like the booklet could have had some more incisive commentary than it actually has.  The pictures in the booklet are nice, but the info is a little weak.  All in all, though, if you are a follower of the band, have the greatest hits but want to find out what the buzz was REALLY all about, I strongly suggest this nicely priced box set.
B002ZG9968|5.0|Loved it, loved it, loved it.  So glad I bought it for my personal collection.  I think it would be better suited to the 16+ age group.  It is really true to life of many couples today and done in very good taste.
B00007L4MJ|3.0|From the descriptions of the film, this one is a restored version with still storyboards filling in the missing segments.  A COMPLETE copy of the film has recently been discovered in Argentina.  It has been digitally restored & cleaned up, & will soon be available (may already be available) from Movies Unlimited.  (Sorry about mentioning the competition.)
B001AEF6BI|5.0|Can you say enough good things about this flick? Not likely. I watched the extras and found them interesting but Estevez and Ringwald were not present for the 'reunion' piece. I get that there were likely contractual/money things but if you are doing a retrospective, shouldn't they all be there? Still, the quality is as fine as you will get anywhere and the extras were interesting if not overwhelmingly so.
B002SRQ214|5.0|I had little trouble installing the CPU itself, but the fan accompanying it was a different story. It wouldn't seem to latch into place, so I had to use a different fan, but the processor itself works very well. I'm able to perform many more tasks now that my previous processor wasn't able to handle efficiently.
B00003CX8Y|3.0|the beginning of the movie didnt play had to go into the scene selections to start movie
B00000ILBK|5.0|As a Next Generation fan, my collection would not be complete without including the second Star Trek movie \\"Insurrection.\\"
1439133948|3.0|Well it's not Mirror Dance.    Cryoburn feels like it was written with the head, not the heart. All that careful idea selecting and deselecting gets you...a plot that was generally interesting, coherent, and connected back to earlier novels, but without real tension.  As to the kids and critters...Remember the Ewoks in Return of the Jedi?  Like, why are we suddenly all cute and fuzzy here?  It's not as though you're worried about scaring your audience, after Empire.  I had the Ewok-reaction of \\"I just don't get this\\" towards the new (diminutive) supporting cast in Cryoburn.  We see a lot of the story from a child's uncomplicated point of view, which is amusing and relaxing but dilutes the force of the plot.  After a couple of chapters I predicted that no one important would die or even get hurt and I was (almost) right.    This was also a tell-not-show novel with almost no internal dialog beyond the typical Miles-mania.  I never got a good visual image of the new planet.  Roic was reduced to basic-overworked-flunky status with standard grumblings, whereas he shone in the much shorter novella about The Wedding (forget the title).    Finally, I have always admired Ms. Bujold's remarkable ability to turn an evocative and memorable phrase.  One- or two-liners that resonate as Just Great Writing.  Not only were these absent in Cryoburn but there were a number (grant you not many) of sentences here and there that were simply clunky.    The best writing in the book was in the Epilogue - limiting yourself to precisely 100 words will really sharpen you up (I have had similar experiences limited to 500 words for scientific publishing).  Here the story regained the crystalline prose and emotional density of Ms. Bujold's best work.    I hope that Cryoburn is intended as a mid-weight transition novel and that the author has more and better work in progress.  Ms. Bujold has maintained an almost unprecedented originality and quality in her writing as evidenced by the continuingrain of Hugo and Nebula awards over decades.  I suppose every author poops out at some point.  I just hope she can produce the grand whopper Vorkosigan finale before then.  And please oh please no \\"little Vorkosigan kidnapping\\" standard plot schtick...if I may be so bold as to make this request.
B003XMUFGQ|5.0|For those of you who have said this is a bad cd...it must be hard to breathe with your head so far up your butt. How can you call yourselves fans and only like what he did 40 years ago in Cream?  For anyone to say this cd is crap is beyond ridiculous. HAVE SOME RESPECT! If it's not to your liking or taste...then say so. But I guess with your head up your butt you'd be an expert on crap! Do old actors still try to play young studs in movies? This man is one of the most respected, long lasting, guitarist/singer/songwriter in the world. Who else could get so much talent to come to the Crossroads benefit concerts? He's done everything and then some and is 66 years old now...some of this music is what he listened to when he was a kid...you attack him when he wants to make an cd with these classic tunes. This old music is where ALL popular/modern music everyone now listens to came from! Most musicians can only play one style of music due to their limited abilities. You should have previewed (listened)to the songs before you bought the cd. That's why Amazon gives you the option!    ANY GREAT MUSICIAN EVOLVES AND CONTINUES TO GROW AND EXPERIMENT...REAL FANS KEEP AN OPEN MIND TO NEW MATERIAL...OBVIOUSLY YOU GUYS ARE NOT REAL FANS.
0061997811|5.0|If you haven't yet been able to make it to Orlando, this beautiful book offers a way to hold the wizarding world of Harry Potter in your hands.  And as an extra special bonus there are sections about the final two films, including a preview of my favorite new discovery: Fleur's double phoenix wedding dress.  The level of detail in the book is amazing.  For example, the Quidditch program contains an advertisement for Pumpkin Juice.  You might want to order two copies: one to keep pristine, and other to take out all the special art from its protective sleeves to decorate your room or office.  I would love to put some of the Ministry of Magic's Proclamations around the library!  Or pretend to do Christmas shopping out of the Weasley's Wizard Wheezes catalogue.  Having visited Hogsmeade this summer, I have a new appreciation for the talent and vision of the filmmakers whose work is highlighted here.  The text explains how movie magic was accomplished, down to the special salt that stands in for snow in the models , which has diamond shaped crystals and even crunches like the real thing.  This is the most exciting Harry Potter work to come out since The Tales of Beadle The Bard.  The Stern Librarian (I own the complete works of Gilderoy Lockhart).
0525951652|1.0|We the consumer demand that Amazon lower the price of the kindle edition.  I will purchase the book when the price is reasonable. If and when that happens I will re-rate the book with the proper number of stars. I'm happy to see other upset fans voicing their anger. I was looking forward to this book for months.... sad face
B002N5N5QQ|5.0|Well I'm no true critic or anything but I have to admit that as soon as I received this box set it was the only thing in my DVD player for over a week.<br />I love the casting and I think they work so well together.<br />The hype for the season premiere was amazing!  It was like the season opener for a NFL game or something!!!<br />I hope this series lasts for a long time to come.<br />The DVD set is amazing with all the extra footage...it's a must have!<br />Amyzzz
B003JTHXOK|5.0|It had been too long since Nicholas Sparks last novel.  I was sure ready for this one.  Safe Haven was filled with everything I have come to love about this author.<br /><br />The love story is about Katie and Alex but the rest of the story is so much more.  Katie is running away from something terrible and has dark secrets.  Alex is a young widower raising two young children.  They meet and slowly fall in love yet not without a lot of things to untangle.  There is also \\"Jo\\", Katies neighbor who brings Katie comford, advise and introspection.<br /><br />There is a danger element and that comes in the form of Kevin, the person Katie has run away from.  He is an abusive alcoholic and police detective. He is driven by terrible demons and Sparks does such an excellent job of bringing you right into the minds of these people.<br /><br />There is an explosive ending when Kevin finally tracks down Katie and I couldn't put it down.  There is also a lot of enlightment coming by way of the friend \\"Jo\\".  You just have to rea
B00138KE2C|4.0|The song best of you alone is enought to praise this album.  Powerful passion that is rarely demonstrated pop world.
0312944926|2.0|BS can get you to the top, but it can't keep you there.  This is what goes through my mind while reading this book.    Maybe it's because I'm a computer science graduate, like how the high clergy of the Catholic church must have tasted bile when they read The Da Vinci Code, but I couldn't stomach the glaring inadequacy of Dan's technical research.    Like what, you ask?  Well, let's see what we have here:    Encryption algorithms like ZIP, Diffie-Hellman, and PGP?  Sorry, wrong, and nope.  0 for 3.  Try again, please.  I would accept AES, [Triple-]DES, SHA-1, and even MD5.  Just Google the words, Dan, and you'll find you named a compression format and/or utility; a protocol for exchanging encryption keys -- hey, that one was close; and an encryption utility -- also close, but unfortunately, it is not an encryption algorithm itself.    Obviously he tried to understand.  He got the concept of key length as the deciding factor in determining the time necessary to decrypt a code by brute force.  Unfortunately, he then proceeded to mix up Bits and Bytes.  That one's excusable for a novice, but if your plot revolves around a technical subject, you should probably make an effort to get this right.  You're off by a factor of 8 every time you say \\"64 characters\\" while discussing a 64-bit key.    To make it worse, he says the TRANSLTR can't tell the difference between encryption algorithms -- a key is just a key.  No.  No, no, no, no.  A key is not \\"just a key\\".  It is keyed to a particular type of lock that must match just as your car key won't fit into the front door of your house, regardless of the tumblers inside.  Commander Strathmore goes on to warn our heroine that the source code to this unbreakable encryption algorithm is freely available, but encrypted by itself, so no one can open it until they have the key.  But in reality, even the key is only useful if you have the DEcryption algorithm that knows how to use it.  FAIL, Dan.    But then.. the grand daddy of all verbal excrement:  (Are you ready for this?)  The villain has written a rotating cleartext algorithm -- *GASP* that sounds bad! -- whereby, the data within a file can magically transform itself over time, with no outside influence.  THEREfore, a computer won't know even if it HAS found the right key since the cleartext within shifts while being decrypted!  Um... I have a question, sir.  All encrypted data is cleartext?  Wouldn't that mean I could theoretically foil the NSA by sending -- I dunno, lemme think -- a binary image file instead of a text document?  But that would make this a way less interesting story!    Oh, I so wanted to believe that intangible data could mysteriously alter itself on the physical media on which it was written.  If that were even remotely conceivable, I could hope that, by shutting the book and waiting a while, maybe the words on the page would have rotated to form a better novel!    Alright.  I admit, these are the grumblings of a know-it-all computer geek.  But if you don't know your TCP from a hole in your firewall, the story itself is still good, yes?  No.  No, not really.  You ever watch South Park?  You know when they relay bad news that's completely ridiculous, and someone says \\"Oh.  Oh god.  Oh god, no.\\", and starts weeping?  That was the whole chapter where The Commander informs Susan of the downfall of NSA's intelligence gathering ability.    I just can't do this.  I can excuse technical ineptitude OR poor writing.  Not both.  It is still fast-paced, and if you're stuck in an airport on a 10-hour layover, there are far worse ways to pass the time.  But I just read Deception Point, and the characters and their reactions follow precisely the same tiring formula, except the premise is also crap.    What the eff, Dan?  I remember your Robert Langdon novels being pretty good.
B0047O2HJC|1.0|Yep. They used glue dots to affix the bonus CD to the front of the box, and also to affix a sheet of paper to the back and bottom of the box. A total of 7 glue dots were used on mine. They peel off easily, but leave behind an oil-like stain on the box. I have 7 ugly round stains on my box. This item is priced at over one hundred dollars, and a mistake like this is outrageous. With sets like this, the presentation is part of the package- these stains are simply unacceptable.     I like the set, otherwise. But, since the box is ruined and I feel so dissapointed: One Star. Sorry, Bob. You know I love you.    I must note- the mono sound is better than any previous editions of these albums I have owned. What's inside the box is great.     Hopefully, Amazon will be willing to ship new (empty) outer boxes to concerned customers, so we don't have to go to the trouble of returning the entire set.
B000002KJM|5.0|This album is the roots of ZZ Top. Blues on 3 chords and and the stories from life! No doubt that ZZ Top is a first rate group with the best of them.  The Lil Ol Band from Texas started on top and has stayed on top. I still think that this is their best album!
1453837736|4.0|I read the book Pride and Prejudice by Jane Austin. It takes place in 18th Century, Longbourn, England. The two main characters of this book are Elizabeth Bennet and Mr. Darcy. In the beginning of the story they do not get along at all. I think that the antagonist of this story is Lady Catherine de Bourgh. This story is about the interaction between Elizabeth and Mr. Darcy. They have several encounters throughout the book and some of them weren't so friendly. Elizabeth is witty and sarcastic, while Mr. Darcy is perceived as proud and arrogant. This book is about the both of them learning to overcome their differences and falling in love somewhere in the middle.<br /><br /> I really like the way Jane Austen writes, it is very descriptive and you can see a clear picture in your head of exactly what she's saying. She starts out with her main character and you know exactly who they are and where they're coming from. But then you get to read and see how they change throughout the story. I think that the theme of this story is to look from other people's perspectives and not be so centered on yourself and you might be surprised what you find. When I was first assigned to read a classic I wasn't thrilled, but then as I got reading I came to find that I really loved this book and now it's probably one of my favorites.
B003EV6DBM|4.0|I loved this season of DW, and Matt Smith is a great Doctor.  But $52 for 13 episodes?  Got to make up for that license fee freeze somehow, I guess . . .
1401307450|5.0|Always loved the Chili Peppers, but this book made me love them even more! Great book!
0316098337|4.0|You will instantly fall in love with Jack and 'Ma' when reading this book. I won't repeat the other reviews, I feel very much the same way- except for one thing- the way the other characters that come into play treat Jack.<br /><br />I would be amazed at him, in awe of the fact that he had never seen the world before, not annoyed with his 'odd' behaviors like some of the characters seem. I dont know, just some of the things they say to him and the way they interact. The grandmother seems cold to me, sending him off to bed alone when his mother- the only other human he has had contact with really until the rescue- has just attempted suicide, because she needs to go watch her adult shows.<br /><br />His world has been ripped out from under him, and even though its obviously a good thing, he's only 5 and its all he's known. I guess I just didnt feel the level of caring I was hoping for from all of these new found family members.
1400052173|5.0|If you can handle the truth about events of the past buy this book.  This author put her heart and soul into this book.  You owe it to her and to yourself to read this true account of what happened.  I sincerely hope that Henrietta Lacks has found the peace that she did not have in the last part of her life. The human race owes Henrietta Lacks a debt that it will never be able to repay. This is a book that should be required reading in all of our schools.
B003F3NE1Q|4.0|I used the student amazon so I got the season in 2 days.  Arrived on time.  It's brand new and in perfect condition.
0470424656|4.0|I've just received the book in Brazil, and, had read the previous edition before, I can tell so far that the current one incorporated the good things and organized it in a more practical way. The book content itself is very useful for BA students and finance professionals. It demystifies and makes very clear what is the so-called \\"value creation\\" and how to make it happen. A must-have book for those who work with M&A and IR.
B00316DDUE|5.0|Great Show, A must for music lover everywhere. The violin players are great and amazing. Makes me want to pick up a instrument and learn to play it.
0316077054|5.0|Beautiful Darkness is astonishing.  The story draws you in from the first paragraph and doesn't let go.   Lena and Ethan's friendship is tested by the strain of Marco's passing and Lena's impending life- (and death-) altering 17th birthday.  Add a British Keeper, a mutant Incubus and the unexpected discovery of a Wayward and a complicated situation becomes dangerous fast.  I found myself on the edge of my seat hoping for Lena and Ethan to find their way back - or forward - to each other again.  Even after I finished the last page, the story and the characters continue to haunt me.  This book has me hooked.
0312600844|3.0|I was disappointed in the book, thought the sex just was not necessary, it just ramabled on and on.
0316098337|5.0|Once I picked this book up, I couldn't put it down.  The author's 5 year old narrator is perfect, right down to common grammar mistakes for that age group.  You will forget that the characters aren't real once you've finished the book.  It will stay with you for days afterwards.
0679721037|5.0|Published in The New Yorker in 1946, \\"Hiroshima\\" was the result of in-depth personal interviews with six of the victims of the atomic blast that hastened the surrender of the Japanese in WW2.  These victims were ordinary people going about their ordinary lives.  Then, on a hot August day, there was a bright flash of light and the world they lived in changed forever.  It is estimated that 100,000 people were killed in the first blast and, over the next few years, more than another 100,000 died as a result of radiation poisoning.  Through up-close and personal interviews, the victims Hersey interviewed became very real people to me and I will never forget their accounts of the dreadfulness they experienced.  They included a Japanese Methodist minister who was educated in the United States, a war widow and mother of three young children, a German Jesuit priest, an office clerk and two different doctors.  Through their eyes I saw the dead and dying, the horrible burns, the wounds that didn't heal, the destruction of homes and the displacement of families, the lack of medical care and the absolute devastation everywhere.  Through this article, the American people became acutely aware of the horrific affects of nuclear weapons.<br /><br />Forty years later, the author returned to Hiroshima to again interview these same six people. One of the women had become a nun, another woman suffered with radiation sickness for years, one of them tried to erase all memory of the bombing, one had become a prosperous doctor in his own private clinic,  one of them suffered from his wounds for the rest of life, and one of them wound up touring the United States to raise money to rebuild his church and help young girls injured in the blast to have reconstructive surgery.  And, during all these years, two of these interviewees had died.<br /><br />The impact this small book had on me went well beyond its 152 pages.  I will never forget it and  can't help wondering about what the result will be now that so many countries have nuclear weapons.  This book makes it all real.  It is both an excellent piece of journalism as well as a wake-up call for the future.many countries have nuclear weapons.  This book makes it all real.  It is both an excellent piece of journalism as well as a wake-up call for the future.
0811870413|5.0|I started baking bread using a bread maker a few years ago and decided to revisit bread baking again earlier this year.  The recipes I have been made thus far have used commercial yeast and have turned out fairly well.  Since I started baking my own bread again, I have not needed to buy a loaf of bread at the store.      Initially when I read about Tartine's country loaf, I was reluctant to pay $7 for a loaf of bread.  However, my curiosity got the best of me and I decided to call in and reserve half a loaf for $4.  After trying the bread, I could see what all the fuss was about.  It was the best bread I have ever tasted (granted that I have never been to Europe).  After searching online, I discovered that Chad Roberston, one of the owner of Tartine, was going to release a Tartine Bread book later in the year.  I proceeded to pre order the book.    After receiving the book, I made my own starter following the directions and attempted to use it about a week later.  Unfortunately, the first try did not turn out so well because my starter was not mature enough.  I continued to feed it the next week and tried making the bread again.  This time it came out a lot better.  I probably made the basic country loaf about 5 times now and my results are becoming more consistent as I learn how to balance time and temperature.  As another reviewer mentioned, there is a lot of flexibility when making this bread.  I mix my leaven in the morning, mix the dough that evening, let it rise overnight, divide and shape the next morning, do the final rise under refrigeration, and bake when I get home from work on the second day.  This seems to work well with my schedule.    I would recommend this book for the bread baker that is looking to take their bread to the next level.  At first, the thought of making my own starter was daunting.  But the author's detailed description of every aspect of the bread making process is very enlightening and helpful and takes a lot of the guesswork out.One more thing, I have kept this bread a week after baking it and after toasting or baking it, it still tastes good.  The yeasted breads I have made in the past lose a lot of their flavor and texture after only 2-3 days.
1401322425|5.0|I watch Jamie at Home on the Cooking Channel and I didn't realize the book and show complimented each other.  I watched the show on asparagus and wanted to make the seafood dish and voila!, it was in the cookbook.  This is great because you can see the recipes being made without having to take notes.    I won't watch the show without the book, and I even tried recipes that I normally wouldn't have made..    The seafood and asparagus is awesome.... simple and easy.
B0013D8LKO|5.0|I really enjoyed this movie, It was good....The ending left me on suspense.. I have looked at this movie 3 times, it was good....
B003XX2PD6|5.0|Deerhunter have created a seamless album of startling emotional clarity. This record marks a distinctly different approach for the band, more streamlined and stripped down, creates endless depths of intricacy and nuance to explore in headphones.<br /><br />Everything in life evolves, however, we will always experience changes, the trouble is not accepting, the good is to digest the changes, when we are unable to accept the changes we should make one side with respect to let things flow at their own pace, It is clear (enough) that Bradford Cox and company are experiencing many changes and as they are excellent artists like to create something new and very good.<br /><br />Deerhunter have continued to evolve and they've done it without losing their innovative, defiant spirit or knack for crafting swirling guitar pop epics and reverb drenched soundscapes. Curiously, Deerhunter's forward-looking evolution is fuelled largely by nostalgia.<br /><br />Retro textures, in fact, are lurking in various corners of the songs, and failing that, look out shamelessly and raised the pulse of art-rock, they wanted to capture. And they do it with such ease that one might suspect that Halcyon Digest is actually a very well kept recording in the mind or soul of Bradford Cox made decades ago and now shines in its splendor, clarity and beauty, in the main this is timeless music, seemingly made with the conviction that loveliness will always be lovely (indeed the album cover is amazing).<br /><br />Enjoy the music without prejudice!
B0041T7FS6|4.0|A nice box set.  The idea of a box set with both their songs and the songs they produced for others is of course excellent.   And all the main songs are here. It's great to have the disco hits (including the hard to find 12\\" version of \\"My forbidden lover\\") and songs like \\"Why\\" and \\"Soup for one\\" in their long version. The Fonzi Thornton songs are great, much better than the Johnny Mathis' ones. Personally I understand why the album was shelved (the same goes with the original mix of \\"diana\\" we discovered in 2003 and I don't understand why on this box set we have the Chic mix of \\"Upside down\\" with its awful \\"I'm awa-a-a-a-re\\" in the middle).  The Dimitri from Paris' remixes are neither bad nor good. He takes five songs and streches them adding little touches. In the case of \\"I feel your love comin' on\\" it's almost imperceptible. In the case of \\"Lost in music\\" it sort of ruins the song for me with an additional overdub and vocal samples taken from the 1984 remix. \\"Saturday\\" can't really bare 9 min. 51 sec.  Apparently they were few things left in the vault (except the Mathis tapes) and for what we have it isn't really exciting: \\"Hold me lonely boy\\" long version is just an extended, a little repetitive. \\"Just hold me\\" is a nice song from 1983 that didn't make it to the album.  The box set ends with a 7:50 studio chat and laughters. They could have skipped this one.  The booklet is not very informative. Some pictures are nice (even if they would have been nicer if we could've seen them in a decent scale) but Rodgers says in the liner notes the same ususal things we already know. This is not a booklet with all the details like the ones we have with Motown for instance.
1569242739|5.0|I've been using this book for two years now and No Joke. They deserve a statue, a medal, and a freakin' holiday in their honor.  Prior to my veganism, I baked with my sisters and always hated the process, but vegan baking was an EXTRA pain that required much experimenting that I did not enjoy.  So when my former roommate showed me the book, I hesitated at trying a recipe, until we decided to have a party.  My test batch was the basic chocolate, and I discovered that aside from the recipe calling for too much base, I didn't hate making these cupcakes, and I certainly didn't hate eating them.  So I adjusted the base and made the real cupcakes (green tea, chocolate, and basic vanilla) along with the \\"I don't care if I gain 40 lbs this stuff is delicious and I'm eating all of it\\" chocolate buttercream frosting.  Yeah.  They were HIGHLY successful.  Someone even told me that they tasted \\"professional.\\"  This book is great if you don't know a thing about cooking because they have a little tutorial in the beginning.  But if you're like me and are predisposed to culinary adventure, not only are the recipes amazing performed as is, but they're also a great \\"basic vegan baking chemistry\\" starting point.  So buy this book and bake your brains out.
0525951652|5.0|Unlike most of the \\"reviewers\\" of Fall of Giants I actually read the book.  This is an outstanding story with my only complaint being that I must wait until 2012 to read the next installment of the trilogy.  Follett has an uncanny ability to manage and develop a large number of characters.  His historical background is vivid and accurate.  This is not his best book but when you are reading a Ken Follett novel, second best isn't to bad and is certainly a 5 star performance.    I have complained to Amazon a number of times about these Kindle Cry Baby protests.  It finally dawned on me that Amazon is actually promoting these protests because their profit margin on sale of Kindle books is so much higher than printed books as well as their profit on sale of the devices.  I think this is a real shame.  I usually can spot these protests when I see the star rating and dig into the detail to prove it to myself.  When I first saw the overall star rating of this book I knew it was another protest.  I won't miss many good books because of these selfish jerks but a lot of readers will.    SHAME ON YOU AMAZON FOR ALLOWING THESE SELFISH JERKS TO OPENLY BREAK YOUR OWN PUBLISHED RULES TO ENHANCE YOUR OWN PROFIT GOALS.  I'm curious to see if you censor my actual review after reading this book and allow Kindle protesters' reviews to stand when they openly admit they haven't.
B003VANOFY|5.0|The reason this design kicks butt is... the recharge and wireless receiver adapter.  Similar to a USB wireless device, it enables one to place the transceiver away from the computer on the ground to get it kick up a few feet allowing the range to drastically improve.  The best part is that the cable length is built into it.  With this I can hit the can in between SC2 games and not miss a beat, (or stall the next round if I need a couple extra seconds).  Second best feature?  The scrolling volume control on the headset - this is AWESOME. No more stupid clicking the side of your head trying to get the volume up or down, just scroll baby!  It is pretty sweet.   So what about the competition, there are a couple decently scored headsets out there.  Well I searched and tried a number of other less expensive wireless headsets.  They sucked.  Seriously, they were horrible.  They either had abysmal range, annoying 6in recharge cables, or painful wearing problems with ears or weight on the top of the head.  This product fixes all these concerns.    I paid close to $130 for this unit, this is probably the least expensive of the worth buying headsets.  I haven't tried the more expensive ones, I read a number of those reviews and saw the price and figured most are expensive junk (the only thing better is cheap junk).  Good luck, but I suggest getting this one.
B0041OOJNU|2.0|Shakira is back with a new album, `Sale El Sol' and if you've been unimpressed with her past few efforts (mainly the lackluster `She Wolf\\" album) then you should probably give this album a try. It's back to the basics for Shakira: no Lil Wayne collaborations, no Timbaland-produced hip hop tracks and for the most part, no real breakout tracks to speak of. While I applaud Shakira for realizing that her quest to remain relevant in the U.S. was killing her music, I caution her for going to such an extreme as `Sale El Sol' feels. It's a timid, safe, sleepy album. Missing from the album is that edgy, a times uninhibited and suggestive, fun Shakira that caught the world's attention with \\"Whatever, Whenever\\" and she's replaced with a rather sterilized version of that artist.<br /><br />The Good: What works best on 'Sale El Sol' is that Shakira doesn't seem to be concerned with making an album just for the U.S. as happened with 'She Wolf'. Sure, she sings a few tracks in English but this album is really made for an international, non-English speaking world and that fact alone makes this musical effort a bit stronger than her last few outtings. 'Sale El Sol' plays a lot with wordly sounds and genres of music - you have a lot of Spanish-influences, a little reggae-ton, a dash of hip-hop and a lot of rock. The tracks that work best are the ballads and down tempo tracks that are sung in complete Spanish. These are the tracks that feature Shakira at her best - sure, those who don't speak or know Spanish may feel a bit loss in the lyrics but you are able to connect with her emotions and the sentiment that she exudes through her delivery of the lyrics. Those tracks include \\"Antes de las Seis\\", \\"Rabiosa\\", and \\"Devoci&oacute;n\\" and to me are among the best tracks she's done in a long while. Again, what I liked about 'Sale El Sol' is that its target audience isn't as limited to the U.S. as 'She Wolf' was and it has an encompassing feeling with its lyrics, genres of music and overall vibe.<br /><br />The Bad: There are things I really like about this album but a lot more that I'm just not crazy about. I'm actually glad Shakira attempted to ditch her efforts to break into, or stay relevant, in the United States. That being said, 'Sale El Sol' feels somewhat timid and reserved. It feels like she's responding to her declining successes in the U.S. with an album meant to remind the world of her better days but in doing so some of her edge, spontaneity, creativity and that sexual prowess that she tends to exude in her music was lost as well. A lot of the music on this album feels watered down, weak and forgettable. Usually there's at least one or two tracks that stands out as being potential big hits but I really don't see any of the tracks on this release doing much for her career. The album being mostly in Spanish, while a good creative choice, feels a bit alienating to those who don't speak Spanish. I found myself mostly bored with a lot of the tracks and feeling as if many of the songs had a similar sound to them. However, I've heard from others who do know Spanish that they feel this is probably her best effort yet and that the lyrics are the sharpest they've been in a while and passionately written. So, depending on your knowledge of Spanish, I think you'll either really enjoy this release or it'll feel somewhat off-putting. It didn't help that as usual a few of the tracks are actually the same track, simply done in another language. To me, she should have done either an all Spanish album or done more English. The Spanish/English tracks for the most part were the weakest tracks but those that were all Spanish with no \\"translation\\" track were stronger, more compelling and better produced.<br /><br />In all, Eh. Personally, I really expected a lot based on \\"Loca\\" but found the album to just feel too reserved and safe for Shakira's usual standards. I didn't hear any real stand-out, billboard 100-worthy tracks on 'Sale El Sol' and that's not necessarily bad. She seems to have taken a bold decision in making an album that's a bit understated and takes her back to her roots. Still, I was hoping for something compelling and interesting but after a few listens can't bring myself to replay many of these tracks.<br /><br />Listen to These: \\"Antes de las Seis\\", \\"Rabiosa\\", \\"Devoci&oacute;n\\".ken a bold decision in making an album that's a bit understated and takes her back to her roots. Still, I was hoping for something compelling and interesting but after a few listens can't bring myself to replay many of these tracks.    Listen to These: \\"Antes de las Seis\\", \\"Rabiosa\\", \\"Devoción\\".
B002QW7ALM|5.0|...i LOVE this movie...the isolation on the ship, the mutated beings, good action,good casting,good CGI. repeat viewings for me 3+...
B002N5N5QQ|5.0|Couldn't sleep one night...flipping channels and happened upon Sons of Anarchy. Wow - now I'm hooked! Can't wait for the new episodes every Tuesday evening on FX. Katey Sagal makes a great motorcycle club Matriarch with Ron Perlman as her King. Great cast of misfits, makes for a real family. As the saying goes...sex, drugs and rock and roll - what more do we need?
160094048X|5.0|And I thought the cupcake book was good.  My roommates would clap in glee every time I pulled this baby down.  They have a carrot cake cookie recipe!!!!  And even though the Lazy Samoas are a little time intensive, they're oooh so worth it, especially the coconut flavored chocolate coating.  I don't even have words for how wonderful this book is.  Another amazing \\"basic vegan baking chemistry\\" book that has taken the pain out of experimenting with non-vegan recipes.  Not that I bother that much anymore, considering how thorough these gals are.  Now I need to go buy a vat of peanut butter so I can make those spectacular Peanut Butter Chocolate Pillows.
B00006FDCD|1.0|If you are a fan of Stephen King this is not what you'll want to purchase. I ordered this movie because I'm a fan of Stephen King novels/movies. I love this movie however i didn't not receive that full version of the movie. It only had the back story and not the complete script of the original movie. So it you like the move IT then I would suggest going to best buy or somewhere else because this is not what you are looking for. I exchanged it after realizing it was incomplete then receive the same version again! UGH!
B002ELM5HY|3.0|The album is good, but the shipping process needs work.  The first cd sent to me was crushed into pieces.  This may be the fault of the USPS.  However, the replacement one was sent by UPS and also had a case that was in many pieces.  Disappointing and not worth the hassle of having it replaced.  I purchased a new case from office depot.
B003XL6EKS|5.0|I bought this album a bit blindly because I really liked the single \\"Crossfire\\".  When I first listened, I didn't really like it and thought I made a mistake in buying it.  But after a few listens, I really do like this album.  Although it's the first solo album for Brandon Flowers, it's my favorite Killers-related album since Sam's Town.  I enjoy how Mr. Flowers covers different genres on this album.  His talent as a musician really shines.  Great album!
B003L77G6A|5.0|The writing and acting geniuses are back!     Currently in its fourth season, my attention is still captivated by this group of intellectual geniuses; and Penny! This season seems to be focusing on socially indignant Dr. Sheldon Cooper's (Emmy Award winning Jim Parsons) relationship with equally if not more egotistical, socially indignant Amy (played by Mayim Bialik, real life uber-smart PhD). In Season One and Two we learned the quirks of the show's main characters and their back stories. Season Three was dedicated to the Leonard-Penny paradox, the social awkwardness of Howard Wolowitz having a girlfriend and leaving his BFF/\\"husband\\" Raj single. Season Four has yet to disappoint.    I look forward to adding Season Four to my collection!
B002GJU54E|4.0|...go running Stephanie and Lula and a fellow named Diesel and a monkey named Carl. I liked this book. I can't say that it was actually \\"spooky\\" but it tried. After all, Janet is not King or Koontz, and what we expect from her is crime and romance deep in the bowels of Trenton. This tale was a nice diversion. One of the things that keeps me returning is the geographical correctness of the locale (I grew up in Trenton, and Janet has the city right). The other is Stephanie, of course. Joe and Ranger, yes; Lula, oh yeah; and certainly Grandma. The characters in this series overpower the story lines and transcend the antics and predicaments they get themselves into, and in a series, that is as it should be. This little tale took us into an obscure part of southern New Jersey known as the Pine Barrens, a real place, and the story ran in such a way as to evoke the true essence of the area. It had the usual happy ending, and was told in such a manner that one didn't need to have read all the other Stephanie Plum stories to have an idea of what was going on. Overall, a good bit of entertainment to pass a few hours on the beach or on the plane.
B0034JKZ86|5.0|I absolutely adore this movie! The characters are all fun and excellently written! Dr. Facilier has to be my favorite Disney villain to date.<br />The music is spectacular as well. Beautifully animated, the movie will bring you back to the days of The Little Mermaid and Aladdin.<br /><br />Some people were upset at the voodoo  that Dr. Facilier uses, but it's honestly along the same vein that Jafar and Ursula used against the protagonists from their respective movies. It's really no difference. If anyone did their homework, Louisiana has a deep history of voodoo because of the multi-cultural background it has.<br /><br />I would definitely have loved to see more back story about Facilier and how he came to know his 'Friends' in the first place. I felt that area was lacking and even rushed.<br /><br />In any event, The Princess and the Frog is a delightful addition to the Disney Renaissance. It may also be the last quality 2D Disney movie to date.
B003ZDZ1WG|5.0|The Best Country CD I've ever heard. I'm not even kidding you.. Well worth the $8.00 and I listened to it 8 times the day I bought it.. It's addicting! The Band Perry did an amazing job on their first album.
B0040ZA2D6|5.0|Give me Big Time Rush over Justin Bieber and The Jonas Brothers any day. They are much better than both and I absolutely love the CD. The show is just as good as the Cd and they are very talented. Keep it up BTR :D I will be a fan till the day i die :D one of the best boy bands since N'Sync and the Backstreet boys.
0345505387|2.0|I have to say that I am a little disappointed with this one. I went into it thinking that I would be getting a new Jamie and Claire story and I was really excited, but after finishing it I felt deceived. This graphic novel tells the same story as Outlander just not as elegantly and it felt really rushed. The scenes jumped around too much for me, I felt confused most of the time. I can't really say anything else about it, just if you haven't read Outlander you will probably be completely lost so make sure you read the original book first. I might be missing the whole idea here, as this is only my second graphic novel to read, but it didn't work for me.
B003YK42LQ|5.0|I downloaded this cd from itunes when it became available and i think it's a pretty awesome cd, after listening a few times through, i loved it even more. I am a solid KOL fan.. I have been before use somebody and after I don't understand how come people are so upset, basically because they have had success amd are making money and doing well.. I mean were they supposed to be a \\"garage band\\" forever.. I mean it's rediculous that people begrudge them for having success. I love KOL and have been to several concerts and will keep going, I'm happy they are getting recognized for the great band they are. I would recommend this cd to all!
0451228375|5.0|I love this book.  Almost finished reading it.  Read Pillars years ago and will read both books again.  Thank you Ken Follett and thank you Amazon.
B003ZJJHWK|5.0|I love Anthony he has the voice of an angel. The first time I played the cd was not enough I had to listen to it again and again. Wonderful. It is my first Anthony cd but will not be my last one.
B002S0OBMS|2.0|I tried to like it.  Really I did.  A few of the songs were enjoyable.  Coney Island Waltz was good, as was Heaven by the Sea, and the performers did particularly well on \\"Devil Take the Hindmost\\" - though I didn't particularly like the song itself.  None of the songs \\"wowed\\" me.  More worthy of a Rogers and Hammerstein musical than an Andrew Lloyd Webber musical (apologies to R&H fans, their songs are cute and entertaining but not on the same level in my opinion).  The folks who play the leads are quite talented, but the plotline was downright annoying, with plastic, warped versions of the original characters...I mean, give the poor actors something to work with.  It was almost like ALW was trying to turn the Phantom of the Opera into Sweeney Todd - and falling far short. And the little kid is so completely annoying that I was almost rooting for him to get drowned.  I'm going to keep the couple of enjoyable songs on this album and put the rest of the horrid plotline and unremarkable music up on the same shelf with the Star Wars \\"prequels.\\"  I read the Phantom of Manhattan and found it to be absurd.  This musical managed to take that absurd plotline and somehow make it even more nonsensical.  That's frankly amazing.
0439023513|5.0|**spoiler alert** I LOVED this book! After so many let downs with series finales, my faith has been restored! I know I sound like a fangirl, but really this was the perfect ending. There were a couple of scenes that I would have liked Collins to include instead of the fade to black, but I really can't complain.<br />This book wraps up the series with the fallout with the Capitol after the rescue from the Hunger Games. Katniss is of course distraught and exhausted to say the least. She must chose whether to become the Mocking Jay of the revolution or turn her back and hide. THe choice is tough for her, but in the end she chooses to fight. Throughout the story Katniss struggles with her new role with the revolution and also her new role as Peeta's enemy. This new role comes after Peeta is rescued and she realizes that his memory of her has been highjacked meaning that now all he remebers is that she is an enemy and must be stopped for the capitol. Of course this destroys her and she must pick herself up again and find a way to help him see the love they used to share.<br />Katniss is not perfect by any means and I found myself yelling at her throughout the book, but that is what I liked I could see her flaws and I accepted them. I got the ending I wanted Team Peeta! I would have liked a little more detail in the end with her trial, but again these are minor problems that I can live without. What a great way to end a wonderful series!
B003EYVY04|2.0|First, this review is not of the film itself.  I have all the Harry Potter movies in DVD, and I love them enough that I also purchased the BR versions!  This review deals with the packaging!  IF YOU HAVE THE TWO DISC SET, DON'T WASTE YOUR MONEY! Unlike the Ultimate Edition of SS and CoS, this does NOT include an extended cut. Foolish me - I though that they would use the same format for all of the Ultimate Editions.  Had I known, I would never have paid $27.99 for this.  I already have the two-disc set, so basically I paid $27.99 for one disc.        The movie itself, and the special features are excellent.  If you don't already have this, it's well worth the money.  If you do have it, you might want to consider just how much you want to spend to get the one disc you didn't already have!  In today's economy, it's a pretty cheap shot on the part of a big corporation like WB to take advantage of people in this way.  If I hadn't already opened it, I'd send it back for a refund!      I made the big mistake of assuming that Ultimates 3 & 4 would be in the same format of 1 & 2.  Wish I'd read the reviews before placing the order.  I was so excited to get them out, put them into the player, sit back and enjoy HP extended.  Hah!  Shame on me for not being more observant. I can only hope that this will help someone else avoid making the same mistake!      BIG DISAPPOINTMENT!!!
1439133948|5.0|This is the umpteenth Vorkosigan Saga novel, long salivated after by all right and proper fans (whose ranks do include me, as fair warning), and like all books in the series it functions as a stand-alone and even would serve as a decent introduction to the series. It's not the best introduction, but anyone who comes to the series through this novel will have no trouble keeping up with the plot here and will also not be spoiled on any major events from earlier on, except for [[ASIN:0671876465 Mirror Dance (Miles Vorkosigan Adventures)]] -- but to be fair, just knowing that the series continues is a spoiler for Mirror Dance.<br /><br />What makes the Vorkosigan Saga unique in my experience (and if there are any other series that share this quality, please, let me know!) is that it is a very long-running series where each book does stand-alone yet which carries the same set of characters throughout (with the occasional addition or subtraction) and in which the characters undergo fundamental change throughout, significant, life-altering experiences that can't be brushed off or reset in the next volume. The best volumes in the series are, in fact, those that deal with those life-altering experiences.<br /><br />Cryoburn does not fall into that category. Instead, it falls into the slightly-less-satisfying but still exceptional category of Vorkosigan Saga novels that use the science fiction setting to explore the effect of technological innovation on human society. Unlike many science fiction writers, Bujold has little interest in the physics of her universe; she hand-waved some wormhole-aided space travel technology and then never gave it another thought. The technology Bujold is interested in exploring is the technology of life and death. Many of her novels explore what strange subcultures we might create given a workable uterine replicator ([[ASIN:1416555463 Falling Free (Miles Vorkosigan Adventures)]], [[ASIN:1886778396 Ethan of Athos]], and [[ASIN:0671877445 Cetaganda (Vorkosigan Adventure)]] leap to mind, and the technology is important in nearly all of the others); this novel explores in depth what strange distortions the cryochamber (a technology that allows freezing and reliable reviving of humans near -- or recently -- dead) might work through society.<br /><br />I don't think Bujold gets enough credit for how science fiction -y her novels are. Not hard SF -- we get no lovingly technical infodumps of any of these technologies -- but true soft SF of the sort Ursula LeGuin writes, extrapolating futures frightening for how very human they are. I believe, in every Bujold novel, in the way her societies have been distorted. But unlike much thoughtful soft SF, Bujold always bears in mind that she is writing an entertaining story first. I suspect this is why it's easy for people to brush her off. There is nothing didactic about her writing, and the social extrapolation is always either essential to the plot (in which case you can look at it as purely plot-related) or done in small little asides that, if you are racing to get to the end, are very easy to overlook. She also takes time to make the reader laugh, often -- something I wish far more science fiction authors would do.<br /><br />So Cryoburn works in both those ways. Like many a Miles novel before it, it's a fast-paced adventure wherein Miles happens to people, and their lives (and worlds) are skewed in his wake. Like recent Miles novels, Cryoburn very much benefits from having two POV characters besides Miles; these POVs let us see more of the human cost of his manic forward momentum. One of the alternate POVs, a young boy named Jin, is very well-done and makes this the first Vorkosigan novel since [[ASIN:1886778272 The Warrior's Apprentice]] that is fundamentally YA-friendly. (The other POV is Armsman Roic, who though wonderful in the novella \\"[[ASIN:1433276534 Winterfair Gifts [With Earbuds] (Playaway Adult Fiction)]]\\" is used mainly for plot-advancement here.) And likeall Vorkosigan Saga novels, everything comes together in a hectic (but never confusing) climax with Miles the victor.<br /><br />But after that satisfying (though not world-shattering) climax comes the denouement, which was telegraphed from page one (and which Bujold has repeatedly told readers was next for the series) and which I had been dreading from the moment I heard this book was going to be published. And it feels. . . strange. It left me off-balance, and while I'm sure it was supposed to leave me off-balance I can't help but wonder if Bujold just chickened out. The Aftermaths section (a perfectly pitched call-back to the first Vorkosigan novel, [[ASIN:1886778205 Shards of Honor]]) was delicate, and so very right (it's a set of five drabbles), but. . . it will likely leave any new readers confused and cold, and to longtime fans it feels like the only \\"To be continued\\" of the series, because it screams for elaboration.<br /><br />On the other hand, it does work, intellectually, as a cap for a series that has produced three Hugo-winning novels, one Nebula-winning novel, and a number of Hugo- and Nebula-winning short stories and novellas. So it is entirely possible that I am left unsatisfied simply because it's over. Again.ything comes together in a hectic (but never confusing) climax with Miles the victor.    But after that satisfying (though not world-shattering) climax comes the denouement, which was telegraphed from page one (and which Bujold has repeatedly told readers was next for the series) and which I had been dreading from the moment I heard this book was going to be published. And it feels. . . strange. It left me off-balance, and while I'm sure it was supposed to leave me off-balance I can't help but wonder if Bujold just chickened out. The Aftermaths section (a perfectly pitched call-back to the first Vorkosigan novel, [[ASIN:1886778205 Shards of Honor]]) was delicate, and so very right (it's a set of five drabbles), but. . . it will likely leave any new readers confused and cold, and to longtime fans it feels like the only \\"To be continued\\" of the series, because it screams for elaboration.    On the other hand, it does work, intellectually, as a cap for a series that has produced three Hugo-winning novels, one Nebula-winning novel, and a number of Hugo- and Nebula-winning short stories and novellas. So it is entirely possible that I am left unsatisfied simply because it's over. Again.
6305291446|4.0|It's all very familiar yet there is enough humor and decent acting in this film to keep you going all the way to the end.  Jamie Lee Curtis is great as always, Josh Hartnett makes his debut, Janet Leigh gets to make one of her last appearances, Adam Arkin is solid, and the saga is concluded nicely.
B003ZK58WM|5.0|I loved this book. Even at more than a thousand pages I was up for more. If they had taught history with a Follett story line it would have been my favorte subject. I have read nearly all the books he has written and this is one of his best. The best thing about Follett is that he writes a lot and has a great research team. Can't wait for the next book. I read it on my Ipad thankfully and didn't have a huge book to manhandle.
0545123283|2.0|I didn't love the first book, but liked it enough to continue on and unfortunately what I did like in the first is lost in this sequel.<br />The story takes off after Sam is \\"cured\\" and how life has developed for him and Grace. Also in this one the point of view shifts to Isabel, the girl who lost her brother, and Cole, one of the new werewolfs that Beck created. This shifting of views really started to confuse me by the middle of the book. The author would shift from Cole to Sam right in the middle of the chapter and to make it even more confusing both boys would be in the same scene together both describing the same thing just with a different perspective.<br />I also felt like the author created conflict where there should not have been any. Grace's parents are nonexistent in Shiver, but in Linger they are all of a sudden involved with Grace and Sam. They think she is just in lust with Sam, so they start putting their foot down. This totally contradicts what the author established in the first book. I found that the author does this a lot throughout Linger. The whole world that she created seems to have been turned upside down and I personally did not like it as much. I felt this one was dragged out and too wordy for my taste.
B0043X7WLA|5.0|Sufjan has done it again.  Any fan of Sufjan should appreciate the progression and development of the artist.  The Age of Adz is sensory nirvana and a joy to rediscover over and over again.  For those new to the wonderful sounds of Mr. Stevens, be sure to check out his other equally compelling work.
B00005YUPO|5.0|These DVDs are not only educational, they are full of great colours, toys and music that you and your child can share.   In my experience the Baby Bach DVD in particular is great for settling an infant mid-tantrum!
0891419063|5.0|A must read for any person who does not understand the devastation of war and the great sacrifice our service men and women make each day.  A renewed appreciate for the great country we live in.
1441866868|1.0|The Windup Girl is the only book that I have ever truly regretted reading. Every time I think about this book, I can only remember the time wasted on it. It's an interesting plot, but that's about all I can say for it. The characters lack compassion and live in a world consumed by greed. There is nothing hopeful or engaging about the environment or characters. None of them expressed any desire to improve the lives of others, only their own. The plot had such potential, but could have been executed MUCH better.
B0014Z4OQG|1.0|This film may appeal to the younger movie-goers, but certainly not to anyone over 30. It is a badly-made \\"monster goes berserk in NY\\" film.<br /><br />The first 20 minutes is like watching a poorly produced home movie full of partying people you don't know. The conversations are senseless and do nothing to propel the plot forward.<br /><br />The camera shakes, rolls and dips constantly, actually tipping completely sideways several times without reason or obvious cause.  It gets worse when the creature finally makes his appearance. The camera starts making 180-degree dizzying sweeps of the street, always managing to capture people screaming, panicking and looting, but never capturing more than a one-second glimpse of the monster. Only when someone stops to talk on their cell phone does the camera stop shaking for a few minutes.<br /><br />Unlike the Blair Witch Project, which gave birth to the Shaky Camera Realism Syndrome, the viewer never connects with the characters, and therefore really doesn't care what happens to them.<br /><br />Cloverfield is a typical chase-and-run monster flick where the actors do little more than flee from a creature we never see clearly until the last five minutes of the movie. The movie's main purpose is to stimulate chaos by bobbing the camera back and forth, hoping to create realism, but it fails miserably. How does a woman survive being impaled through the chest by a steel rod, yet manage to run down 100 flight of stairs to a waiting helicopter? Probably the same way the helicopter passengers survived a fall from 1000's of feet in the air after the helicopter crashes to the street below. Realism? Not a chance.<br /><br />The movie ends abruptly and without an explanation of what the creature is, where he came from, and whether or not he is killed by the military.
0553805371|3.0|I respect the authors, but M-Theory has been around since the 1990's.  The book doesn't seem to introduce anything new, but does simplify the issues for the casual physicist and shows, perhaps, that M-Theory is gaining support from the larger brains in the scientific community.
0140340203|5.0|If you want a book that dosen't waste your time, that is actually interesting, and keeps you guessing, then i highly recommended The Witches by Ronald Dahl. He is one of my favorite writers of all times! Its a book with so many hooks you cant put it down, time flew when i read this! Great book for children, i laugh a lot in my head!          This book is a great novel about some fantasy creatures, who hate every thing about children, mostly there smell. The witches are try- ing to overpower the world of kids. But a boy takes on the challenge, it seems like he if very frighten of those beast! It seems like he wants to destroy them and there hideous bodies for all the scams they set up in are life to kill, we the kids. He goes to a famous hotel, where his grandma grew up, for summer vacation. His grandma gets him two mice, but the manager said he had to keep them in the cage. So he sneaks into a empty ball room down stairs, and plays with the animals behind a screen. But then all the witches held a meeting there, and he... read it to find out!
0307266303|5.0|This was the first book I read on my Kindle and I think it's an amazing read. Not only is it very well written, but it also has a nice flow and really tells a story. Yes, it's about running. No, it's not some boring book about the mechanics of running. At it's heart it's a narrative that ended up changing the way I think about running and actually has inspired me to run! Super fun to read and lots of interesting dinner party fodder.
B0034G4OVS|5.0|I was one of the very, very lucky people who saw this in the movie theater and it scared the living heck out of me.  It is extremely suspenseful and though I'd like to use the cliche of being at the edge of my seat, it was the opposite.  I was buried in the back of my chair tense as if I'd drank ten Red Bulls waiting for whatever was going to happen next.  Here is the most surprising part.  I am not a fan of \\"Hatchet\\" at all and thought it was actually pretty bad.  I only saw \\"Frozen\\" because I liked the concept and I am glad I took the chance.    If I had to compare this movie to anything else, I think it would be the \\"Saw\\" movies, but not because it was gross.  Once the movie is underway, you don't know what is going to happen and it just gets harder and harder and harder to watch the movie unravel.  You know that anyone can die unlike in some movies and though there is not that much blood, you can't look at the screen.      If you are a horror fan, you will like this movie.  That's all.
B00005JKC3|2.0|I recieved the movie this morning,but to my disappointment all i got was the movie!! i know i got the movie at a great price,but in all the orders i have gotten from amazon i have never one that had just the movie,if the people would tell us this upfront i would then know! very poor communicationand i will not order any more from this seller!!!
0307460444|5.0|This book has got me thinking I should quit my job and open up a bakery! I've made cupcakes from scratch before and none have turned out as wonderful as the three I have tried from this book. So far, I've made carrot, yellow buttermilk, and snickerdoodle. This is a fantastic book with not only delicious recipes but some fantastic creative ideas.
B003JSSPSY|5.0|This is a great show. I am sorry it hasn't gotten a season 3. I have all of both seasons and watch it all the time.
B003F3NE1Q|5.0|Great show!  Another great season!  The last episode still got to me the second time.
B0040YFR1Y|4.0|This movie is easily the best Predator movie since the first.<br />It is the true sequel and continuation of the original.<br /><br />P2, AVP, and AVPR are abortions that should have been put down, but survived.<br />This movie is better than all three combined and then some.<br /><br />I was pleasantly surprised by this movie. I expected more drivel like the three that came after the first, but that wasn't the fact here.<br />It's a good movie that's worth a watch, and worth owning.
B0039OGGVQ|5.0|This is quite possibly the single best rock album to come out in YEARS. Every song is incredible, and it's completely authentic - balls to the wall - straight up rock n' roll.   I LOVE this album. My faith in rock music has been restored.
B003XRDYX2|5.0|I bought one in Borders yesterday. But the box set doesn't have the so called original inner sleeve with ads on it inside the album jacket. Instead, it only has the white inner sleeve for each album. I don't know if it's a mistake, and what I can do for it. Ask a inner sleeve replacement from record company? Any suggestions? Thanks.
B0041OOJNU|5.0|Since Pies Descalzos, the world has been waiting all this time for this album.  it catches u since the first time u listen it.  Her voice is at its best, her lyrics amazing. Shakira isnt back because she hasnt been gone either. She was just travelling discovering new stuffs. Now she goes back to her roots and bring new things as well.    Merengue tunes are the top moments on this album!    Shakira showing the world what a true artist is.
B00006JDVV|3.0|I saw this movie once and had to buy it. It is a B movie with big stars made in 2002. Christian Bale, Matthew McConaughey and Gerald Butler are the stars. 33 minutes into the movie Matthew said a Dragon claw was found \\"in a wheat field South of Coffeyville, KS.\\" I live here so I had to have this to show friends. It goes on and he tells how the Dalton Boys tried to robe both banks and the townspeople obtained guns and fought the Dalton's. Not a big deal, but catches people off guard when I play it for them. Again, it is a B movie that gets a C+ if you like fire breathing dragon movies I guess it is OK.
B001TH8UUA|5.0|Don't let the really low price  fool you, this product is amazing. It does what it says it does and gets the job done. Don't consider a Monster cable, they are way overpriced and this product performs as good or even better. Audio and video out is great. I highly recommend this product.
B000JQUMPI|3.0|Nothing is better than free!  Aside from a few typographical errors in the Kindle version, this book is an excellent e-book freebie.  I had put off reading it since I was very young but had always wondered at the hype of this book.  It may well be considered a literary classic, although I still don't consider it a must-read for every young girl.
0399536108|5.0|Galway Kinnell writes in the poem St. Francis and the Sow, \\"...everything flowers, from within, of self-blessing; / though sometimes it is necessary / to reteach a thing its loveliness\\". Returning to that innate blossoming of self-blessing takes most of us most of our lives--if ever at all. Chris Guillebeau has a gift for reteaching loveliness -- through his words as well as his example.<br /><br />Guillebeau is one of the most coherent people I have ever experienced. His integration of who he is, what he does, and what he offers to his \\"small army of remarkable people\\" has created a momentum of leadership and authority that is inspiring, informative and, simply, remarkable. He invites people to do as he does: set your own rules, live the life you want, and change the world. In this way, Guillebeau is reteaching each of us the loveliness that was our birthright: that we are a whole person capable of unfolding to our greatest potential.<br /><br />If you want to call your soul back -- or line up even one little, jilted feather that is limiting your flight, I'd recommend reading The Art of Non-Conformity. Guillebeau will invite you back into the truth that your life can be remarkable. He will help you align with what you have always known, but may have forgotten: that it is your birthright to do meaningful work that nourishes you and the community you serve.(He will also explain exactly how to go about this, and help you see how possible it is to actually do so.)  Most importantly, Guillebeau will get you so excited about living an authentic life that you may find yourself effortlessly taking a step forward into your own, greatest desires -- then another. And another.<br /><br />You may be familiar with the Marianne Williamson quote that begins, \\"Our deepest fear is not that we are inadequate. Our deepest fear is that we are powerful beyond measure. It is our light, not our darkness that most frightens us. We ask ourselves, Who am I to be brilliant, gorgeous, talented, fabulous?\\"By presenting a thoroughly exhilarating alternative to this life-shackling fear, Guillebeau's The Art of Non-Conformity invites the reader to welcome all that we are--then use the force of our alignment to move where we were always meant to go.nting a thoroughly exhilarating alternative to this life-shackling fear, Guillebeau's The Art of Non-Conformity invites the reader to welcome all that we are--then use the force of our alignment to move where we were always meant to go.
159448385X|4.0|I believe that a writer learns as he writes, and that is true of Hosseini. His writing was mediocre and amateur in the Kite Runner but a little more advanced in his second book. The plot is well made and, unlike his first book, is not that predictable and unrealistic. It has richer descriptions of society and events in Afganistan, which gives us more perspective on what is happening and why. The character show more depth and the plot too. I suggest skip the Kite Runner and read this one instead, it is a very tragic story but it will make you think about many things like society, women's role in that society, the meaning of education, ethnic tension and greed and so on. Though it's very depressing at times, it is a good read.
B002FQOI0A|5.0|this was a great book. but for an 11 year old girl it can be a little confusing.it teaches you how to trust someone you dont feel confident with and be friends with them. I LOVED IT!
1439133948|4.0|Others have written about the basic plot of the book.  I'm going in a different direction.    LMB always makes her Miles books as different from each other as possible and this book is no exception.  This is perhaps the closest she's ever come to old-fashioned sci-fi.  Miles runs rampant again but the stakes are tremendously lower than they have been in past books and he isn't facing an existential threat (at least to himself, others are in a different position).  This is a good thing as Miles shouldn't have to save the world every single time.  Let Ivan share some of the burden!    Mark makes an appearance at the end to help wrap up the story in a satisfactory way (although the bad guys couldn't have handled either Vorkosigan).  Then the ending hits you like a ton of bricks and you realize how impossibly good this author is and the story catapults from fun but somewhat forgettable to outstanding in one astonishing step.    The best part, if I'm reading my author correctly, is that LMB likely has at least two more Miles stories waiting in the wings to take advantage of the developments in this story.  I can hardly wait until they come out!
B00006SFLV|5.0|I bought this back when it first came out.  I loved this show.  It truly was one of the best and well-made TV shows about high-school kids, ever.  It had humor, it had a lot of heart, it had memorable but not too cheesy characters.  It had it all.  I'll never forgive them for only making one season of this show.<br />I watch the Halloween episode every October, and the Christmas episode every December.  That Christmas show is like a little movie unto itself - it's so well done.<br />I love this show.  If you've never seen it or are condsidering watching it - please DO!  It's a GEM.
B003W5C0VW|5.0|Never got to see the film in initial release and missed the one night only theatrical showing in September.  But I know great rock when I hear it.  After watching a pretty crummy DVD boot for several years, it is a refreshing blast of vintage Rolling Stones that we have here.    As other reviews have noted, the focus is strictly on the band and their music.  Forget the glitter eye shade that Mick is wearing, listen to the vocals instead. The interplay between Keith and Mick Taylor is superb and the remastered sound is incredible.  It's just like having the band in your living room for a private show.    Of course they had something to prove--Altamont was a disaster waiting to happen and their reputation was not helped by the film \\"Gimme Shelter\\" which put the focus on what went wrong rather than what might have been right.  They also chose Stevie Wonder as their opening act on the 1972 tour.  Stevie was just beginning to climb to the height of his powers, making him a tough act to follow.  So it was their end of a battle of the bands, so to speak, that you are seeing on screen.  It always takes a good companion act to push the headliner just a little bit above their game.    See it, buy it, love it.
B0038M2AZA|5.0|The acting was superb and showed great depth.  Temple Grandin is a great reminder to keep searching for ways to reach those who think in different ways to help them contribute.
076781326X|5.0|This award winning musical adaptation of Charles Dickens novel makes an occasional appearance on TV.  If does change the storyline of the novel in some places (you get a different version in the non-musical film).  It has some exceptional acting.  It is worth watching more than once.
044654759X|5.0|What an awesome change of pace for Nicholas Sparks. Just when I thought I couldn't take one more sappy romance from him, he changes things up and hits it out of the park. This book kept me up late for several nights. I was rapt by the interesting storyline and I LOVED the dual points of view. I especially related to the evil husband's train of thought. He was a truly evil character that I loathed. I wanted to yell \\"boo & hiss\\" everytime he appeared on the page. The main characters \\"Katie\\" and Alex were highly likeable and easy to relate to. This book is just begging to be made into a movie. And what a movie it will be. The ending threw me for a loop. I was shocked and pleasantly surprised by the twists at the end. Most of Sparks' books have been pretty good, with the exception of the two about the supernatural lights (those were terrible), but this book by Sparks is on a completely different level. The dialogue and pacing was impeccable, the storyline engaging, and the outcome desirable. I can't bestow enough praise on SAFE HAVEN. I loved every minute of it and you will too.
B0032JTV6U|5.0|My husband and I enjoyed watching the first season, commercial free, over several evenings.  Glee has changed the quality of television programming forever!
B003OY91HW|4.0|Cupcake fanatics have been flocking to the original Magnolia Bakery on the corner of Bleecker and 11th Streets for well over a decade. And for good reason since the little Greenwich Village shop makes satisfying cupcakes that are full of flavor and not overly sweet. The Magnolia gained pop culture icon status with a prominent appearance on an episode of [[ASIN:B0011UBDTK Sex and the City]] when Carrie and Miranda were savoring their cupcakes on the sidewalk in front.  It doesn't come as much of a surprise that a cookbook has been released containing all their signature recipes. What is surprising is that only four cupcake recipes are offered here, including their famous Vanilla Cupcakes with Buttercream Frosting (page 91).<br /><br />Original Magnolia owners Jennifer Appel and Allysa Torey only act as consultants to the bakery now since they moved on to other ventures, but they provide all the recipes here. There are 43 different cookies on their menu, as well as cakes, pies, icings, and even ice cream. The Heavenly Hash Ice Cream Pie (page 204) is a particular treat mixing chocolate ice cream, chocolate chips, and a homemade marshmallow sauce into a decadent delight. The other standout is Magnolia's Famous Banana Pudding (page 212), a 1960's-style dessert made with [[ASIN:B000E1HVF2 Jell-O Instant Vanilla Pudding mix]] and [[ASIN:B00196P9OQ Nabisco Nilla Wafers]]. The one area of marginal disappointment is the first chapter, muffins and quick breads, which really come across as standard issue compared to the other sweet creations offered here. There are sixteen pages of color photographs plus stills that capture life at the bakery. Followers should rejoice at the availability of these recipes, and non-bakers should simply make a trip to one of their five bakeries (four in Manhattan, one in LA).
0307454541|5.0|I guess it's taken me quite a while to write this review, but now that I've just finished The Girl Who Played with Fire, the second book in the Millennium trilogy, I want to write this before I forget. I've never read a book quite like The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo. What drew me in was first, the popularity. I was curious as to what made this book attract so many readers. When I bought it at Costco, one of the employees actually told me how great it is. Second, was the mystery and suspense. I've always been a sucker for mystery, and this book had quite a lot of it. It was unpredictable, and I had to use every ounce of my willpower to not glance towards the ending of the book to see what happened (I have a problem with this.) And when I finished it, I went back to Costco the next day and bought The Girl Who Played with Fire.<br /><br />The themes of this book are quite strong. Sexual violence was the big one, and even though it could be gruesome at times, I have an appreciation for Larsson's unwillingness to tone it down. Because in truth, sexual violence DOES happen, and it shouldn't be disguised or altered for the faint of heart. The Swedish title of Larsson's book is Men Who Hate Women, and after reading it I can see how entirely appropriate that title is. It contains every form of abuse against women, by men.<br /><br />The characters were the best part. Mikael Blomkvist is an investigative journalist, and co-founder of the magazine Millennium. After being convicted and charged with libel against Swedish industrialist Hans-Erik Wennerstrom, he takes a break from the magazine, and moves out to the island of Hedeby for a year, working for the former CEO of Vanger Enterprises, Henrik Vanger. Vanger made a proposition to him, that if he wrote a biography of the Vanger family, and worked on solving the mysterious disappearance of his niece forty years earlier, then at the end of the year he would receive a ridiculously large salary and valid information that could ruin Wennerstrom's career. I'm very fond of Mikael. He has good moral values; he's reasonable, and intelligent, but also sympathetic towards people who've been through difficult situations. He realizes, to an extent, that there are reasons people do the things they do.<br /><br />Lisbeth Salander is a private investigator who works at Milton Security and initially did the report on Mikael Blomkvist for Henrik Vanger, before he hired him. Later on, she ends up working with Blomkvist on Harriet Vanger's disappearance. Lisbeth is most definitely my kind of character. She's a genius with computers and math, and generally every other academic subject. She has a photographic memory, and incredible hacker skills. She's not preoccupied with social customs and she doesn't care what anyone thinks of her. She has a mysterious past, and has been declared incompetent, and therefore has to have her finances and other various aspects of her life looked over by a guardian. Lisbeth is such a strong person, and she won't make excuses for people. To her, everyone is responsible for their actions, regardless of what they've been through in their past, they have a choice; and I really admire that outlook. Not only does she defend herself, but she stands up for all women who are abused by men.<br /><br />Lastly, I just have to mention the Vanger family. I love stories about upper class families with dark ominous pasts and plenty of secrets, and the Vangers are exactly that. The centuries of animosity between them are so palpable. And what makes it even more interesting is the fact that a lot of them live on the same island; so close to each other. I loved reading about each of the Vanger generation, and finding out how truly screwed up they are. And if they didn't hate each other enough already, Harriet's disappearance in 1966 overshadows the family too.<br /><br />The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo is without a doubt one of the best books I've ever read. Stieg Larsson is a fantastic author,and from what I've learned about him, he was a very interesting person too. There were supposed to be ten books in the Millennium trilogy, but unfortunately Stieg Larsson was only able to write three before his death in 2004. His books were published posthumously, and it's truly sad that he never got to see his books rise to popularity, or read all the positive things most readers have to say about them.<br /><br />Reviewed at: [...]e was a very interesting person too. There were supposed to be ten books in the Millennium trilogy, but unfortunately Stieg Larsson was only able to write three before his death in 2004. His books were published posthumously, and it's truly sad that he never got to see his books rise to popularity, or read all the positive things most readers have to say about them.    Reviewed at: [...]
B003YWUTKM|5.0|EXCELLENT! One of the best overall albums I've ever heard! Ambient and very deep. Not monotonous, but changes just often enough. OUTSTANDING engineering and spacial mixing. Plus the signature Gilmour phraseology. SO, SO, SOOooo happy with this purchase!!!
0385504225|1.0|My title says it all.  Change the character's name to Frank and Joe, take out the long drawn out science references and you have, \\"Skull Mountain.\\"  No more Brown books for me.
B003ZJ0ZX0|1.0|I first downloaded the Mp3 version of \\"Just the way you are\\" and it was terrible.  Thinking it was a compression issue, I bought the CD just to find that it also was just as bad.  It sounds like a tape quality recording... not something you expect in 2010!  Too bad as the songs are good.
0385342047|5.0|I've read this book two times, the first time I had hard time getting into the plot. However, the second time, I read it with my husband and absolutely enjoyed it. Yes, Becky likes to shop, finds reasons to spend money and but she always finds a way to complete her project/obstacle in each book. She is a fighter, has great determination and strength to accomplish what she wants to. I believe there is a seventh book in series on its way, and I too hope that Becky can get her spending habits under control similar which I think she will in order to help her relationships with Luke and Minnie.
0646497855|5.0|\\"Target Band 7\\" is a very useful quick review on IELTS academic module. When it arrived, I felt a little unease about the thickness of the book--it which was much thinner than I expected. The contents are, in fact, loaded with easy to read concise hints and suggestions.<br /><br />As a previous reviewer mentioned, the book does not contain Listening CD/ Texts or Reading materials. You would need the other books for the actual exam samples. However, it presents good classified examples of the first part of Writing section (charts and graphs description) and some essay topics for the second part. (It might be helpful if the book is used along with the website, IELTS-Blog by the same author which puts eight sample answers up for the second part of writing section.)<br /><br />Overall, I thought \\"Target Band 7\\" is a good review book for quickly getting useful ideas and techniques which can be read both before starting to tackle IELTS and after the completion of certain numbers of sample tests.
B003VS0CWO|4.0|This is an all time favorite movie of mine...and yes, I am one of the college kids in Southern California that used to enjoy watching everybody go crazy on midnight showings at the Tiffany Theater on Sunset Blvd. I go way back with this film.    The Double Disc DVD was exceptional...with fabulous bonus features.  This Blu-Ray has a load of new bonus features that unless you are in them are ridiculous by comparison.  The VH1 feature from the last set which had Richard O'Brien strumming his acoustic guitar and walking through the house singing tunes and talking about the movie...GONE! Instead we get 3 minutes of a barely coherent Mick Rock who says quite rightly, that while others say he took the best shots ...he actually took the ONLY shots!  The 1 hour casting of the shadow cast....dreadful.    Lets get to the movie itself....because a stunning transfer would make me forgive at least some of this...and  sadly , perhaps its the source material, but it has good patches and bad patches. This is a seriously overpriced ,over hyped ,  bloated with lame special features edition.      I'm still very glad to have it in my collection....but would I have liked new interviews with Bostwick, Sarandon, Curry, and O'Brien...instead of wanabeee central casting? YEP!
0679721037|4.0|John Hersey's slim little volume here is an immensely powerful pathetic argument against the dropping of nuclear weapons in particular and against war in general.  He deals with the aftermath of the lifetimes of several survivors of the dropping of the first nuclear weapon on an inhabited place.  Many were killed instantly, others were crushed in the debris and rubble, and others weren't as lucky - dying a slow death from burns and radiation.<br /><br /> This is an immensely humanizing work that I wish those in power would read or at least be aware of before they made devastating decisions.  We in human race have been lucky enough that we haven't had to write a sequel to this book based on a different war and a different place on the same scale.  Sadly, we write little ones every day.
B0032JTV74|5.0|I had already owned Glee Season 1: Part 1, but was eager to purchase the complete season on Blu-Ray. There aren't many extras that are exciting like bloopers, but I love the show so much. Fans of the show will like the ability to play just the musical performances, but they tend to get cut off at the end.     The discs load on a slower pace, but it may have just been my player.
B002QW7ALM|4.0|You already own the box set of the Alien Quadrilogy, and love any movie that deals with weird things happening in outer space. Event Horizon, Sunshine, Supernova, Solaris, 2001 A space oddessey. This movie belongs in the group. The acting is great, and although some of the plot is not surprising, other twists are. Don't pass this one up.
0307454541|1.0|Not what I was expecting.  Tried to read it over ancd over, expecting something to draw me in.  Nothing happened.
B002HJ9PTO|2.0|A.T..Is usually a top notch Company..This mic is very muffled..Distorted upon the slightest move as if it was not shielded at all..Barely heard my voice...Battery was inserted,,,Equipment volume (Mic Input) was up..Maybe it was just a bad lemon mic,,but after seeing similar reviews,,maybe not...   A.T should really have an LED on this device in case it's a faulty battery....
B000UVT3OI|5.0|This CD was purchased for my son-in-law and was exactly what he was looking for - a collection of songs sung by Garth Brooks. We were both very satisfied with all the selections on the CD.
B000MGUZM0|4.0|Unless you're already a fan of so-called \\"goth\\" rock, gloomy post-punk or Arcade Fire themselves, Neon Bible probably isn't the album with which you should first become acquainted with this expansive Canadian group.  Their 2004 debut release was an unique mixture of folksy bar-room bonhomie, post-punk revival and whimsical indie, entitled Funeral for personal reasons which don't really reflect the vibe of the album at all.  Half the songs sounded like a band of wandering minstrels had joined Echo & the Bunnymen, Pixies and Talking Heads for a a mad-cap jam session.  (It's still astounding to me how much Win Butler sounds like Ian McCulloch!)      Like Pixies before them, the best thing about Arcade Fire is their ability to successfully blend instrumental inventiveness with divergent harmonies (courtesy of Regine Chassagne) - which thankfully saves them from sounding like so many other \\"retro eighties tribute bands\\" on the indie music scene at the moment.  Thing is... Arcade Fire are a band who wear their influences firmly on their - in Neon Bible's case at least - sombre charcoal-grey sleeves.  Once again, the Bunnymen/Joy Division combo can be heard quite clearly on this second album.  Only this time round they add the heavy-handed dramatics and religious ambiguity of Nick Cave or the Sisters of Mercy - along with a good smattering of Springsteen-esque sermonizing.  Amongst the gloom, Butler's lyrics shine a critical spotlight on Church and State, and generally carry the weight of a disillusioned adult world.    There's not quite as much musical diversity here as on Funeral which is probably this album's weakest point.  For example, if you don't concentrate all the tracks can end up blending into one very long song: like a symphony, say, with different sections that are part of a larger whole.  But as with their other two albums, the last track is an exception to this rule.  \\"My Body is a Cage\\" begins as a spare funereal dirge, complete with what sounds like a church's pipe organ, and slowly builds to a lyrically uplifting finale.    The only thing that really lets Neon Bible down is the murky, cluttered production.  However, given the overall \\"theme\\" this could well be a perverse but deliberate choice on the band's part.
0312600844|5.0|In this book Franzen describes in a very easy to read, enojayble, intense and original manner, the complexity that distinguishes us as humans today.  He goes way deep into the personalities of his characters and is able to put into words their feelings, situations and thoughts.  It has been one of the most intense and deep readings in my life.  As you read, you start wandering whether Franzen is talking about his characters or about his readers.  The line gets blurry.  If you have the constant question of why do we do what we do, then I really recomend this book to you.  I finished it yesterday and today I am starting with The Corrections.  Thank you Jonathan Franzen for writing this.
0765322889|5.0|I have been reading Fantasy for over 2 decades now, and I did not think that anything could match the work of George R.R. Martin, or Robert Jordan.  Well I was Wrong!  I read \\"Gardens of the Moon\\" over 3 days, which says much about the but since I read at a slower pace.  I could not put the book down.  This book put my wife, video games, food, and sleeping in the back seat while it held me in sublime raputre.  I feel horrible for neglecting my wife and my health but I do not have any regrets!  The first book is just as good as before mentioned authors if not better in many ways.      I would, and have recommended this book to everyone I know, and all who like to read fiction.  I am allways worried when I buy a book for the first time, fearing that the book will be written in the First Person i.e. \\"Interview with the Vampire\\" Twilight\\" so on and so forth!  I hate books that are written like that.  I was pleasently suprised to find out that Steven Erikson can write Narritive Fiction really well.  The Story has great pacing and many climaxes.  I logged onto Amazon as soon as I finished \\"Gardens of the Moon\\" and oredered the remaining 8 books in the series that are currently out!
044654759X|5.0|What a great book.  I can definitely see another movie in the making!  You can always count on him to publish a masterpiece.
0553805371|4.0|Although I find physics extremely interesting, I am not well versed in it at all.  I have not read any of Stephen Hawking's previous books. I am about 3/4 of the way through \\"The Grand Design\\" and have found it an easy read and, for the most part, written at a level I can comprehend. It gives one a good idea of the complexity of our universe and does so in an understandable way. Admittedly, there is some of it that is over my head, but even that helps me to put it all in perspective. I would recommend the book, especially to those, such as myself, that last had a science class nearly half a century ago. My how things have changed....
1441879919|3.0|This was a book club selection. I donated the CD set to our local library as I would not give it to family or friends (that would indicate I liked the book). I did enjoy the people and the stories but there were too many confusing times where the characters went off into a poetic universe. I found it terribly difficult to follow.
B003UM8T3U|3.0|So, Breathless is an all time classic? Like Citizen Kane, Casablanca, Seven samirai, The seven seal and whatever great movie by whatever great director. well lets see-- ok if this movie was made today? it would tank at the boxoffice, the movie is long, its plot could've easily been done in less time, the main character tends to be a bit annoying at times and by todays standards this movie can be made with a camcorder. That been said put yourself at the time that this movie was released and you know that this director had stones. This movie was made at a time when studio movies was all there is. so indipendent film making was-- well... pretty much none existent. Sure the movie can get frustrating at times like the big long scene where the protagonist is trying to seduce this american girl (our leading lady) but is the performance from her that really makes this movie. If you like perfomance pieces this is the movie for you. if you're more of a fast pace, story driven flick then I recomend you something else like The third man. This movie is perhaps better view as a breakthrough in style and an indipendent crittic at the films from that time. This movie is the answer to the question Can we make a movie outside the studio ruled-hollywood-track mentality? and coud this be art? the answer my friend is: yes. It took a movement like this to make the type of films we enjoy today and for that Breathless is an all time classic.
B002PMV9FG|5.0|excellent flick, they get better each time, it's a shame it will have to end soon.
0399536108|5.0|I've had the awesome opportunity to meet Chris Guillebeau while on his Unconventional Book Tour stop in Chicago and he is just as inspiring in person as he is in his new book, The Art of Non-Conformity, and his blog of the same title.<br /><br />Chris speaks with an honest, humble, and unapologetic manner that we need to start setting our own rules for living an unconventional, remarkable life ... and to change the world. Sound bold? Well, it is. I love his writing style, and the book includes great stories and examples of how unconventional lives are not only very possible, but amazingly rewarding and fulfilling.<br /><br />Please do yourself a favor today and buy Chris' book. Then read it. Digest it. Dig into it. Your life will be changed for the better.
B00005NWM3|1.0|All of their stuff has the same structure. They're just a big money making joke. Seriously. Don't buy this crap.
6305428042|3.0|Hocus Pocus isn't a BAD movie. The story and effects are fun. But despite the PG-rating, there are some things parents might want to know before showing this to their children.    The language - Many of the characters swear, mostly referring to hell, and condemning people to hell. There are some expletives using the name of diety, too.    References to the occult - The three witches worship Satan, glorify evil, conjure up the dead, and worst of all - they suck the life out of a young girl in the opening scenes of the movie. Sometimes it feels quite evil. There are some gruesome images, too. The witches use human body parts in their potion and their spellbook is covered with human skin. The plot revolves around stealing the souls of children.    References to sex - Quite a big deal is made of the main character's status as a virgin. As is true with most teen movies like this, he's embarassed by being a virgin, and some people can't believe a boy his age could still be a virgin. His mother wears a Madonna costume on halloween, emphasizing the trademark pointy bra. He and his little sister both call attention to his girlfriend's breasts. Reference is made to the witches' infidelity, and one witch (Sarah Jessica Parker) hits on everyone she can.    Overall, the movie is OK, but it didn't leave me with a good feeling, and there are better movies to let my kids watch.
B003JTHESA|4.0|No 3 minute ditties on this album.  The music is awesome and Bruce's voice sounds great.  There are more than enough reviews of \\"The Final Frontier\\" describing the music and breaking the album down track by track.  I won't go there. I did want my positive rating for the album counted however.
0061353248|4.0|Interesting book that presents research about how we make everyday decisions. My favorite part was the technique for keeping people honest.
B001MYIXAC|4.0|Admittedly I am late to the game on this one (as I usually am for most movies). I heard great things about the original \\"Let the Right One In\\" that I took a rare trip to the movie theater to see the Americanized version alternately titled \\"Let Me In\\". The day after, the Swedish version arrived from Netflix and I put it on while it rained outside and was particularly gloomy. Please note that I have not read the book but I plan on doing so soon.<br /><br />Spoilers may follow so please read with some caution as I don't want to spoil either version of this story for anyone.<br /><br />Starting off, I noticed that the film was dubbed with cheesy voice acting. So I had to go into the settings to switch that off and put on the subtitles. Now I've read previous reviews of how bad the subtitles were but since I don't know a lick of Swedish, I really couldn't tell if the translation was bad or not. I may have had a newer version so it might not have been an issue.<br /><br />\\"Let the Right One In\\" is tricky for me. I liked it. I did. The Americanized version changes a few things that make it a tad more suspenseful (and I would give it a slight edge over the original) but overall, they are the same film. The story centers on the main characters of Eli (Lina Leandersson), a child vampire and Oskar (Kåre Hedebrant), a bullied 12 year old boy. Eli moves into the apartment next to Oskar and they start a dysfunctional relationship.<br /><br />A lot of people define this film as horror combined with a love story. The horror usually centers around Eli's physical vampiric form and the murders she commits alongside the usual trappings of bloodlust and aversion to sunlight. The love story centers on Eli and Oskar's nervous first meeting, awkward attempts at connecting, and finally their acceptance for one another in the \\"not-so-but-still-kind-of Hollywood\\" ending.<br /><br />I'd like to offer an alternate perspective.<br /><br />\\"Let the Right One In\\" isn't a horror movie or love story told in traditional dramatic fashion. Under the surface, the real horror is that Eli is a manipulative monster akin to the notorious serial murderers throughout history. Eli's true monster is revealed when she says several times to Oskar that she is not a girl. Though she appears female, in her mind, she is genderless. Sex, emotion, everything that makes a person human has long since vanished. Because it is suggested that she is indeed quite a bit older than the 12 years she resembles, her thoughts are more evolved than an actual 12 year old child. She is an old spirit trapped in the body of a child. She knows this, hates it, and yet revels in it. And she uses it to her advantage. Håkan, her older traveling companion is a mere tool. Eli uses him for appearances while going through the motions of human interaction only to keep him on a leash. Håkan's actual, true love for her compels him to murder and keep her sustained on blood so suspicions won't be cast her way and to keep her safe. His, and Oskar's love for this monster is the true tragic love story.<br /><br />Håkan's jealousy over Eli's new friendship with Oskar makes him feel inadequate and he knows he is losing her to another after so many years of being together. He sees this and knows he can't stop it which would cause anyone who has loved another that deeply to crash and burn emotionally. Examples of her cruelty to him during this time can be viewed in several scenes. Her anger at his failed attempts to bring her blood, her cold manner when telling him to get out of his room so she can lie there and talk with Oskar on the other side of the wall, and when he tells her that he doesn't want Eli to see that \\"other boy\\", all she does is place a hand on Håkan's face and walks away. His depression causes him to be sloppy in his killing to the point that he subconsciously wants to be caught so he can be free of her hold over him. In the end, Håkan's will isn't strong enough to free himself and he pays the price most horrendously.<br /><br />Oskar on the other hand is fresh meat for Eli. She knows Håkan's usefulness is about to end so she seeks another companion that will travel with her for a long time. Why choose another child that looks around her age though? Because she knows children are easily manipulated. Though she could easily identify with the adults, her curse is being eternally trapped in a child's body so she has to make do. Eli also knows that creating the bond early on will bind that person to her more closely so that when that person is old enough, they will be willing to do anything to keep her safe and happy.<br /><br />The ending is not bittersweet or cute. It is horrifying. Because we know, as the audience, that Eli has snared and will eventually destroy another life. When Oskar has reached the end of his usefulness years down the road, she will discard him and begin the cycle all over again.<br /><br />Like I mentioned before, I believe the Americanized, \\"Let Me In\\" to be slightly superior only because some extraneous moments in the Swedish version were altered or cut right out which helped the story flow. Overall, I enjoyed \\"Let the Right One In\\". It was thought provoking, beautifully filmed, and had some intriguing moments.fresh meat for Eli. She knows Håkan's usefulness is about to end so she seeks another companion that will travel with her for a long time. Why choose another child that looks around her age though? Because she knows children are easily manipulated. Though she could easily identify with the adults, her curse is being eternally trapped in a child's body so she has to make do. Eli also knows that creating the bond early on will bind that person to her more closely so that when that person is old enough, they will be willing to do anything to keep her safe and happy.    The ending is not bittersweet or cute. It is horrifying. Because we know, as the audience, that Eli has snared and will eventually destroy another life. When Oskar has reached the end of his usefulness years down the road, she will discard him and begin the cycle all over again.    Like I mentioned before, I believe the Americanized, \\"Let Me In\\" to be slightly superior only because some extraneous moments in the Swedish version were altered or cut right out which helped the story flow. Overall, I enjoyed \\"Let the Right One In\\". It was thought provoking, beautifully filmed, and had some intriguing moments.
B001U887LU|5.0|They aren't gorgeous to look at but gorgeous on the feet.  Lightweight and warm, these crocs can be worn as slippers, shoes or even boots.  They are well worth the money.
B003XIO7ZK|5.0|I remember a few years back when Grave Digger put out 'The Last Supper' & I thought \\"what the ??\\" Don't get me wrong there was some cool tracks on that album & Grave Digger was obviously trying to expand it's sound (and I do like it when bands experiment sometimes because they can get better) but in their case it didn't seem to work. Since then they went back to the formula that truly worked for them the last 3 albums & I know I couldn't be happier!! 'The Clans Will Rise Again' sounds a lot like 'Ballads of a Hangman' which to me was Grave Digger's best since 2003's 'Rheingold' so if you like that album then you will feel just as good about this one! Once again Grave Digger proves why the best power metal comes from Europe!!
B00009RAJJ|5.0|I think Lindsey's Psych Folk songs (Walk a Thin Line, Save Me a Place, That's All For Anyone) are better than anything being released today by Grizzly Bear, Dirty Projectors etc etc<br /><br />The title track is one of the most inventive, unique and strangely catchy songs I've ever heard from a rock band (truly \\"Beatle-esque\\")<br /><br />Christine's songs really hit the mark on this one.  Think About Me might be my favorite song of hers ever and Never Make Me Cry is one of the most beautiful slow songs I've ever heard.  Honey Hi and Never Forget have gorgeous melodies and show how Christine can take a simple love song and make something special out of it.<br /><br />Stevie's songs are among her most vivid and although the classic Sara gets the most play, for my money Angel is her best song on the album because is stands out so  much from the type of music that she usually does.  Beautiful Child is one of her most underrated songs.  I love the sensitive way that the band plays behind her<br /><br />At 20 songs and over 70 minutes of music Tusk is definately a great investment.  It's not the type of album that you will get tired of..there is so much great music on this album that you will always hear new things to enjoy whenever you listen to it.<br /><br />For 99 out of 100 bands Tusk would be a career crowning achievement.  Only for a band who released Rumours 2 years prior could this album ever be considered a \\"disappointment\\"
B003YWUTKM|3.0|If you're a fan of BASIC four-count bassdrum, and don't care for a single memorable melody; this might be for you.  The presence of Gilmour's beautiful guitar tone is a welcome sound, but these are outtakes from a back garden jam session.  Not really a single well conceived melody on the entire CD.  And what happened to rhythmic and percussive variety?    The Orb had such an opportunity here with a true Master in their presence.  Why not reach just a little?  Go beyond 4/4 measures (Gilmour can handle it)      I can only hope that a more focused collaboration might take place in the future.  This CD was a dissapointment.    Meh!
B000002KGT|5.0|...and those would be hardcore punk, metal and hip hop fans who don't listen to any other types of music.    Rumours, in my opinion, is one of the few recordings for whom the description \\"Perfect Album\\" would not be incorrect.    It is staggering to consider that all time classic songs like Gold Dust Woman, The Chain, I Don't Want to Know (My favorite Mac song of all time) and Songbird didn't even make the cut as singles.    The songs that were released as singles (Dreams, Don't Stop, Go Your Own Way, You Make Loving Fun) were not just popular in their day...they are genuine rock standards that are still loved 30+ years later.    Side A has most of the hit singles along but Side B is even better    This is one of those albums that I can play at any time and it will make me feel better.    Truly a treasure.
B002VPE1XY|4.0|This is the fourth AmazonBasics product I have gotten, and I am very pleased. This case holds my small Canon camera securely and is stylish to boot.<br /><br />The leather outside is smooth and nicely finished, with padding underneath. The inside is a suede-like material that lets you slide your camera in easily. It features a magnetic closure on the top flap, a small pocket inside for a battery, memory card, or identification, and a velcro-type belt loop on the back.<br /><br />I often use the belt loop for times when I don't want to carry a purse and it is secure. The magnetic closure is strong enough that it won't pop open unexpectedly, but it's easy to access your camera. (It stayed securely closed on a roller-coaster doing loop-de-loops.) When I do carry a purse, it fits nicely in there.<br /><br />This case is designed for conveniently taking a point and shoot digital camera somewhere you don't want to or can't carry a larger camera bag. It's small and there is no room for anything but the camera, so it's not a substitute for a larger bag. But it's a really good case for getting on-the-go shots and the price is excellent.
B003YK42LQ|3.0|I've listened to it a couple of times, and Come Around Sundown is (unfortunately for some of us) what I expected from the Only By the Night follow-up.  Don't get me wrong.  It's a solid effort.  It's well written.  It's polished both in terms of vocals and instrumentals.  It's easy to listen to.  And it's got an expansive, big sound that will play well in any arena.  If Use Somebody and Sex on Fire were my introduction to KOL, I'd probably really like it.      On the other hand, it's a bit dirgy, safe, and predictable compared to previous records.  It doesn't have the youthful exuberance or rawness of Youth and Young Manhood, and it doesn't have the experimental, what-will-they-do-next feel of Because of the Times.  The story lines are a bit more finessed (what, no stories about grabby preachers?); the imagery a bit more mainstream (there are bloody teeth, but I didn't hear anything about a trani on a ten); and the lyrics do a little more lamenting than previous efforts.  For me, that takes away a lot of the fun that is Kings of Leon.  And where is that driving bass line that roars through 7 full minutes of Knocked Up?  I can't find it anywhere on here.    Regardless, I do believe it is a solid effort.  Of course, I could listen to Caleb sing Celine Dion if I had to.  That voice...    If you're favorite record is Only By the Night, then you'll probably love this.  If you're stuck in the past (like me) and want less polish and more grit, you'll continue to be disappointed.
0312600844|3.0|Freedom is an interesting view on the family dynamics.  Started great and ended great but the middle was just treading water - totally lost its momentum.
0425220931|5.0|An easy read for musicians of all levels. In a narrative form the author focuses on the elements of musicianship-the groove is the key. Well written and entertaining. I have re-read it twice and given it as a gift. I have played bluegrass, folk, and renaissence music for 30 years and learned much from this author.
B003V5PPZG|1.0|Very different from what I expected from these guys.  You can be as creative as you want but if it sucks it sucks...
B0024FAR5M|5.0|Wow! I was hoping that it would be good! And it did not let me down, it even got my wife hooked on it. This series had everything, so if your into bikes, good drama, like to laugh and cry. I highly rated this! It has not reach Australia yet, but when it does it will get a strong following. This is a Five Stars show! Bring on Season Two!
0307474712|4.0|What a marvelous way to spend your time -- reading about Dexter and Emma for 400+ pages. Nicholls has crafted a well-written novel with a brilliant conceit: each chapter takes place on the same July 15th each year for 20 years. Although he does \\"cheat\\" a bit and describe actions taking place during the intervening year at times. And yes, this is a love story -- and yes, it's a bit like \\"When Harry Met Sally\\" in that it's about two people who go off in different directions and with cross purposes when the reader knows -- and hopes -- they will get together. That said, it's also a story that charts two very different lives that are held together by one fateful meeting (or night) during University -- just before graduation. Nicholls also wrote the novel and screenplay for \\"Starter For Ten\\" and I also recommend both.
0684830485|5.0|I'm writing this review as the result of an experiment. I decided to test my theory that no matter how good a book or symphony or painting or aria or whatever have you, someone somewhere is going to think it is a piece of crap. I have observed this phenomenon in my one thousand plus speaking engagements where typically I will receive hundreds of glowing reviews and then there will be one disgruntled person who thinks I should be thrown out the window or fed to the alligators.<br /><br />Here you have my favorite novel from a lifetime of reading voraciously -- Hemingway's FOR WHOM THE BELL TOLLS. A novel that has it all: story, character, historical background, description, dialogue, love story, thematic subtext. And above all that, it is pure poetry. And yet in reading the reviews on Amazon, I see not merely one but several poor souls who just never got it. One lady had to keep a dictionary next to her to get through Hemingway's vocabulary. Too many syllables for her, I guess. (How many syllables are there in \\"ignoramus?\\") One example of how subjective it all is: Hemingway writes as though he is speaking Spanish even though he is writing in English. I am in awe of his ability to do this, and in fact one of the reviewers, a native Spanish speaker, confirms that Hemingway is perfectly accurate in his translation. Still, another brilliant reviewer doesn't get it, thinks that Hemingway must be illiterate.<br /><br />Am I being a snob? I prefer not to think so. I just think it illustrates a wonderful quality of human beings, that they can and will disagree on just about anything. I simply want it to be known that this reviewer gives this book a ten-star review. More than any movie, FOR WHOM THE BELL TOLLS makes the hair stand up on the back of my neck. The reaction is visceral (look that up in your dictionary). If you have not read it, don't wait -- order the damn thing right away. It will enrich your life beyond description...or not!
B0041VP1FI|2.0|Darn... I was looking forward to this one: a smart, well written 'adult' screenplay; thoughtful, intelligent story; some good sci-fi tension; a few scares perhaps; and terrific acting by (at least) Adrien Brody. Unfortunately, not one of the above panned out. The story had so many silly holes and turns that it became somewhat embarassing (for the writers and director). The ending was simply ridiculous. There were so many 'eye-rolling' 'how could they've been so stupid' scenes throughout, that I developed a mild headache. I won't go into any of the lame scenes and thin turns I'm referring to. If you want to take your chances... go ahead: you'll know what I mean. Darn.
B003WSFXKY|4.0|This is very much like the first album Carlos Santana put together, only better.  If you like that one, you will love this one.  Great old songs with a slightly new twist.  Lots of great Santana guitar.  \\"While My Guitar Gently Weeps\\" is beautifully haunting. Several really rocking tracks.  Haven't had time to watch the DVD yet.  Soon I hope!
B001P829VY|5.0|its about what greed does to people   and i dont need no driver license
031603973X|5.0|When I opened the first page of the book Goddess gasped. She thought it was beautiful and so will you. Each page is exquisitely detailed and comes with a little pocket book telling the story of A Christmas Carol.<br />See video review here<br />[...]
B002UZCJ8Y|2.0|The plot=Robots take over the world and humans sit at home controlling them while they live life and do everything for us...Too bad I didn't have a spare surrogate handy to watch this crummy movie for me! Unfortunately my human self sat through this entire dreck. The acting wasn't great and the script wasn't original. How much acting talent does it take to act like a robot?     As far as the storyline there isn't much to tell...In movies like this robots either go evil, end up being controlled by someone evil or there is some doomsday prophecy involved and blah blah blah...you get the idea. It is more or less a typical 'machines go bad' movie and it doesn't take long to guess where this story is going. The ending was predictable. I will give an extra star for action and for Bruce. If is wasn't for him this movie would have been a one star wonder! It wasn't the worst sci-fi action movie ever but as far as 'machines gone bad' movies, I have seen better ones!
1590171993|5.0|This is one of the finest books I've ever read. I heard an interview with someone from The New York Review of Books on NPR regarding this wonderful book. I've attempted to read some of these recommended books, and am usually dissapointed. This time I was stunned. The last paragraph took my breath away.
B002ZG97EC|5.0|I went to this movie reluctantly, mostly because my ten year old talked me into it.  I had only seen the trailers and I was expecting an extended version of Spy vs Spy, which I have never really loved. This movie suprised and delighted me.  Far from being a sad 3D version of silly one-upmanship, this movie had a lot of heart, and a lovely message.    I especially enjoyed how the main character struggled with the growth he experiences throughout the movie. We get to see him struggling with the difficulty of giving up his old behavior patterns and goals, even though he clearly sees that he could be happier if he let them go.  And the difficulty that Groo's only friend has with the changes he experiences as he lets three little girls into his life, and how his friend tries to prevent him from changing, are a great reminder that sometimes when we make positive changes in our lives the people around us aren't always as supportive as they should be.      My son loved the movie too, although not for quite the same reasons I did.  He wants a glass floor shark tank for our living room now.  I said I'd think about it.
0061997811|5.0|Harry Potter Film Wizardry was one of the most detailed books about the films I've found. The pictures, layout, and hidden goodies made the book worth the steep price. Not only is the book interesting, but it shows a lot of the objects and concepts included in the movies that you may have missed. It also has fold-out objects (Like The Marauder's Map), and a sneak preview of the finale of the series.
0307454541|5.0|My wife told me I had to read this.  That's not always a good start, but I trust her.  My mom said she was fascinated by it too (except for \\"all the nasty parts\\").  Hmm.  That's enough to raise a yellow flag in my mind, but I decided to give it a whirl.<br /><br />My first impression was \\"how am I going to keep all these names straight?\\"  Most of the characters in this who-dunnit are from the Swedish \\"Vanger\\" family.  I'm afraid it was a bit of a challenge for me to keep the names straight.  Some of them are even tough for an American reader like me to recognize as male or female.  There are a few family tree images in the book, but I read this on my Kindle and they were too small to be legible.  Luckily it's easy to search on the Kindle, so I could find the fist spot in the story where the character was introduced and remind myself who the character was.<br /><br />My next impression was how fascinating the Swedish translation was.  The translator did a great job of translating the idioms without losing the Swedish flavor.  I'm afraid the translator speaks better English than I do though.  This actually presented a bit of a challenge, because some of the vocabulary was very advanced.  I had to look up a number of words in the dictionary, which isn't such a bad thing--personal enrichment and all.<br /><br />Once the story got going and once I got used to nearly everyone in the story being named Vanger, I realized I was hooked.  Larsson really takes the reader for a ride through a very complex story with lots of interesting characters and location changes.<br /><br />I recommend any American readers keep a dictionary nearby and visit Google Maps to peruse Swedish geography and see where all the action takes place.  Viewing the locations really adds to the experience.<br /><br />My final impression was \\"how can he possibly end this story?\\"  There were so many nested plots and sub currents--like a set of stacking Russian babushka dolls.  This was a treat, because it gave the story so many different endings.  I find this much more gratifying than a simple THE END.  But alas, the end wasn't the end.  Like a nervous chain smoker, I put this book down and started right up with [[ASIN:030745455X The Girl Who Played with Fire]].  Aahhh.  Satisfaction!I find this much more gratifying than a simple THE END.  But alas, the end wasn't the end.  Like a nervous chain smoker, I put this book down and started right up with [[ASIN:030745455X The Girl Who Played with Fire]].  Aahhh.  Satisfaction!
006088732X|5.0|This book is amazing. Read it from cover to cover within two days. So misterious, got me hooked!
030726999X|5.0|What a fantastic conclusion to the \\"The Girl Who...\\" trilogy.<br /><br />I'm just so disappointed that it's over.  I'm sorry to be done with these three books.  I might just have to resort to something that I NEVER do and read these books over again.<br /><br />Bravo and Godspeed Stieg Larsson!
0452289963|5.0|From the first page of this book I was mesmerized and a believer --- what an interesting read!!. . It's not any easy path that Tolle asks you to consider.  I was brought up in an eastern religion (not buddhism) but Tolle really helped me understand the root teachings of history's great spiritual leaders.  I have a much deeper understanding of common spiritual concepts than I did previously.  I'm nowhere close to being totally present, (perhaps a little more than I was before reading his book). But I never realized, that life itself, each of our \\"present moments,\\" can become an act of meditation! What a revolutionary way to live your life, it's an entirely different way of being! How unbelievably cool and liberating that would be. I was inspired when I read this book 2 years ago and continue to believe in the tools it provides the reader with . .
030745455X|5.0|The Girl Who Played with Fire is a fantastic sequel to Stieg Larsson's [[ASIN:0307454541 The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo]].  The action picked right up at a compelling pace, but didn't just start up where the last book left off.<br /><br />Don't read this if you haven't read the first book.  It just wouldn't be the same.<br /><br />I don't want to give away any of the plot, but I have to vent about one \\"jump the shark\\" moment towards the end of the book.  I was shocked by the massive plot pothole and very disappointed with how Larsson resolved it.  I had to consciously suspend my disbelief and decide to forge ahead as if all were OK.  Kind of like stepping in dog doo and then deceiving yourself into believing that \\"yeah, I actually like the smell\\".  That should have cost this five-star book a star, but the rest of the book was just too doggone good.<br /><br />And just like with book one where I felt like a chain smoker lighting up the next one with the last one, I had to jump right into the third book, [[ASIN:030726999X The Girl Who Kicked the Hornet's Nest]].
