B000001G6W|4.0|I agree with all the other people who have reviewed this item that it is both one of the best-played and most exciting versions available(did somebody give the timpani a microphone to themselves at the end?),but I  feel that the singing of the Viennese choir is really rather disappointing.  Granted, the balance is not very helpful to the choir, but given that the  Wiener Singverein are a professional body, their tone, not to mention the  simple virtue of actually getting the notes right, leaves much to be  desired. I realise that the choral singing in this symphony is pitched  uncomfortably high in the human register, but one has only to listen to  recordings by Bohm, Mackerras and particularly Gardiner(whose Monteverdi  Choir excel themselves) to realise firstly that the notes are not  impossible to sing and, secondly, the improvement that really good choral  singing makes to the finale of the 9th. None of the recordings I have  mentioned display any of the irritating squeaking shown by the Viennese  sopranos.  Unfortunately, no recording has yet appeared of Beethoven's 9th  that combines brilliant orchestral playing, top-quality choral singing and  sensible(i.e. not period-performance) tempi. This last point has been a  controversial one in recent years and, generally, period speeds give added  excitement. The problem is that a 12-minute slow movement(cf. nearly 17  minutes on the recording under review)makes conveying any sense of repose  nigh-impossible. Really, one has to choose between this recording and  Bohm's first(better singing but orchestral playing less polished) version  for the best Beethoven 9 around at the moment. One word of warning- don't  get Bohm's second attempt by mistake; it is dreadfully slow(79 minutes!),  to the point where the only joyful bit about the finale is when it has  finally finished.
B000001ES9|5.0|Here's the deal: If you like the hard stuff from bands like Thin Lizzy, Ted Nugent, Mountain, and Zeppelin (as I do) then you will probably like this record.  It's full of crunching, rocking '70s guitar rock.  The same  goes for &quot;Flight By Night&quot;(second album) and &quot;All the  World's a Stage&quot; ('76 live set).  Most Rush fans hate these three  albums (though some seem to like the latter) because the band hadn't really  figured out what they were going for yet.  The band hadn't found that  &quot;Rush&quot; sound.  The thing is that the Rush sound is largely  keyboards and synthesizers supplemented with limp guitar. The hard stuff  that remains is the exception by this point.  If you're a prog-rock fan,  focus on their post '76 stuff.
B000002G23|5.0|The one glaring omission on the box set is the 1983 version of Truth Hits Everybody, which was the b-side of certain EBYT singles. Other than that, it's the best collection of music ever.
0553293397|1.0|Too shallow, stiff and hokey. No action. No emotion. Blah. The Solarians were too extreme to swallow.
068484267X|5.0|This book is one of the best I've ever read.  The author captures the thoughts and ideas of a child perfectly.  I felt the pain, heartache, and humor as if it was happening to me.  A must-read for anyone.
B00000JGHM|5.0|I agree with the majority of reviewers.  This is a first-class, intense film with generally excellent portrayals (one exception is Pacino's over-the-top acting, mentioned by another writer). One interested fact:  After watching this, I went home and watched several episodes of the old tv  show &quot;Crime Story&quot;.  Many of the scenes from 'Heat' were lifted  straight out of the tv show, (including the scene where Pacino catches his  wife with another man, then leaves with his tv set; even the dialogue is  the same). Nonetheless, well worth owning, suitable for mutliple viewings,  and will give your 5.1 surround a real workout!
B00000HZFP|5.0|I came to the show on recommendation knowing virtually nothing about it.  The theatre is in 'The Village' a long, long way off  Broadway in the basement of a hostel which once housed the surviving sailors from the  Titanic.  The stage is tiny, set with the basics for a four-piece band. The  floor is sticky, as are the seats.  Then it begins.  Once I'd stopped  stamping and cheering, I brought the CD.  It is flat out the most fun you  can have in New York (legally).  If you liked Rocky Horror or Cage Aux  Folles, if you followed Bowie or were ever a Punk...hell if you are under  50 and still have a soul, you will love this CD.  <br />The songs are absurdly  clever and memorable. One of them (The Origin of Love) can still choke me  most times I hear it.  A bizarre combination of driven punk, glam rock and  ballad...sometimes all in the same number.  Hedwig will blow you out of your  loafers.  What's it about?  'Long story short'  Life's a b**ch then you  die...sometimes with less than you started with...who cares? <br />Steal cars, or  sell a kidney to raise funds, but go see this show.  In any case, buy this  CD. Play it in the car on max and annoy your neighbors. You will feel young  again.  If you already are young, make the most of it. Who needs two  kidneys anyway?
6302914191|5.0|Twin Peaks was first screened when I was fifteen, and for about a year it became my life.  My mind was filled with thoughts of strong coffee, traffic lights, owls and Bob (many a sleepless night caused by him, let me tell  you).  Phone calls in the middle of the night to a friend in America who  already knew who Laura's killer was (it was screened six months later in  England) demanding that she tell.  She didn't, bless her. It would have  destroyed the exquisite tension.<br />Since TP finished, and we were given the  sometimes marvellous TP: Fire Walk With Me, Mr Lynch seems to have become  lost on his highway.  Time will tell if he returns to Twin Peaks (please  God!), but there is rumour of the uncut  Fire Walk With Me (about five  hours long) being released on video.  Talk about all your birthdays at once  if that ever happened.  Until that wonderful day arrives, I will console  myself with my TP videos, now so worn out I may have to replace them.   <br />Buy and enjoy.
B000007T1M|5.0|System Of a Down is a mad crazy band who kicks. They are a lot like French Toast. You eat a couple slices, and you just want more and more. Whenever i eat French toast, i get sick. It tastes funny when my mom makes it. She  uses her magic  tingly flour though. I've had to go to the hospital four  times this year. SOAD rocks like a really good band.
B000003TAW|5.0|This is the best cd I own and &quot;Say it ain't So&quot; Is my favorite song of all time.  I would recommend this cd to anyone.
6305313687|5.0|I've heard this was one of the best 3 movies of 98 so I knew I wasn't making a mistake. It's definitively a must see. You'll remember it for a long time.
6303979882|5.0|I like this movie because... if you place yourself in the position of the four girls, it just seems so fun!!! Christina Ricci, Gaby Hoffman, and Thora Birch are some of my favorite actresses, and they did a great job  together. I had never heard of Ashleigh Moore before, but I think she did  an excellent job too.
B000002JSN|5.0|This is a return of LZ at their very peak. It is very hard to think of a track that could improved - even down to the plane at the end of 'In My Time Of Dying'. I bought this album almost on the day of release (I was 16  at the time) and have played it pretty well every month since then.( it is  of course on CD now!! but I still have the vinyl).
6303965415|5.0|This film is truly a piece of artistry.  Roger Michell's camera work is unbelievable.  His scenes are so carefully composed and arranged and yet seem so natural and true to life.  The entire film seems to have been lit  by nature and candlelight, which makes the film so very real.  The women in  the film wear no makeup, and things are allowed to look dirty and unkempt  where appropriate.  Some other Austen adaptations (especially Emma) tend to  make the period seem too bright, too beautiful, too perfect.  The acting in  this film is outstanding. Amanda Root is perfect portraying Anne Elliot as  a faded bloom come to life again, and Ciaran Hinds is amazing as we watch  his confident and carefree Captain Wentworth lose some of his  self-possession.  He is my favorite Austen hero and any woman who sees this  film will understand! The supporting cast is equally superb; the Admiral  and Mrs. Croft and Anne's sister Mary are particularly delightful.  The  original music score is beautifully evocative and simple; it conveys just  the right amount of emotion, never becoming grandiose or syrupy.  Do pay  close attention when watching this film.  It's quite easy to miss some of  the more subtle moments, and these are truly the most beautiful.  The film  is jam-packed with these subtleties, and every time I think of some of  these momentary glances and slight gestures I am filled with goosebumps and  an involuntary sigh of romantic longing escapes my lips...  I realize I'm  getting carried away.  See the film and if you have any romantic  sensibilities at all you'll understand!
B00000AFGM|4.0|I still don't really consider myself a Manson fan. I bought the album for &quot;I don't like the drugs..&quot;, but after spinning it a few times and listening to what the man is saying, I realized that he is human just like  the rest of us and has the same feelings. I think that bashing a man simply  because you don't like his message is insane. Don't just hear his music,  LISTEN to it, then decide if you hate him or his music. I personally feel  he is an artist who happens to have an outlet for his art that makes people  uncomfortable. If you don't like it, don't buy it. Just don't come down on  those who do like it............or the man resonsible.
B00000HYXB|5.0|As a die-hard metal fanatic, I've been sickened for years at the so called grunge revolution that has taken over this country. Then a friend showed the glory of the European bands... and of Blind Guardian. This is the best  metal album I've heard in years! Almost every track is great. A definate  for anyone who loves metal!
B00000K19E|5.0|The Matrix is so cool, you'll be remembering things about it for days. What's reality, and what's invention? You'll never know for sure.
0783225970|5.0|This 3 hour epic is fantastic. I've seen it 20 times and the blasting end 80 times! You might call me crazy, but I loved every minute of it! I saw this movie for the first time here in Norway in 1988. The movie had been  sensored and they cut it at least 10 minutes. I feel this is a forgotten  movie and nobody talks about it, in fact nobody has ever talked about it  here in Norway. People never heard about it! Offcourse is frustrating for  me to tell my friends the the best movie ever is a movie from 1983, they  don't belive me! You're going to love this movie, but be aware: You can't  stop imitating Pacino! Buy it and be amazed of this gangster epic!
B000000OEI|3.0|Crimson Tide is a soundtrack that sounds very much like typical Hans Zimmer.  It is not difficult to see that the Lion King, The Rock, and the Peacemaker were scored by the same man.  <br />The music builds and builds and  builds to wonderful and powerful dramatic crescendoes, but the building  process sometimes seems a bit overmuch.  I find myself often wanting to get  past the 8 minutes of tension music to hear the few precious seconds of  resounding orchestration that is almost worth waiting for.  Perhaps if the  nearly 70 minute soundtrack was broken up into more tracks?
B000002I2G|5.0|The mission of this album was to show that The Doors listened to revolution not sound.   Creating a call to arms from &quot;Tell All the People&quot; flows through to the dirty romantic world destruction that The  Doors portrayed in &quot;Shaman's Blues&quot;, &quot;Do It&quot;,  &quot;Easy Ride&quot; and &quot;Wild Child&quot;. &quot;Runnin' Blue&quot;  is my 3rd favorite Doors song the combination of hard rock and fast jazz  result in a odd bliss. &quot;Wishful Sinful&quot; if not a harmonic  masterpiece should be considered a well done symphony of chords.  Finally  &quot;The Soft Parade&quot; is a beautiful song applauding the reevaluation  of the 1960's while mocking its useless pop culture. All in all this album  should be considered  &quot;one of The Doors&quot;.
B00000F1D3|4.0|People..  there are a few things we need to discuss..  First of all, if you dont like dance music or you dont like the only song on this cd that has really gotten out.. believe.. then dont get this cd and dont write a  review. That's like me going and writing a review for a country singer.. of  course it will be bad, cause i dont like country music.  Second, if you do  like dance music and believe, then buy this cd.. it is awesome. All the  songs are hoppin and although her voice isnt all that like mariah or  whitney, and the music is all dance (the reason why it is 4, not 5 stars),  the cd is still really good. Ive had it in since i bought it.
B000005DQR|5.0|Wow I bought this about two years ago and I still listen to it.  It is a bit depressing and somber but it's good to listen to when doing something mentally intense, like programmming a computer.  It makes you think about  life too, one of my favorite Cd's ever.  Just really different from any  other hip hop I have ever heard.
B000000WZ4|5.0|All I can say is &quot;I'm glad they're back&quot;. This is absolutely the best CD I've purchased this decade. Martin's moody lyrics and Dave's delivery are fitting of the nickname I've given them, &quot;Depressed  Mode&quot;.
B00000DFRS|4.0|My Love Is Your Love is Whitney Houston's best work to date.  Her confidence, talent, and emotion are evident throughout the album.  It is a pleasure to hear her voice mature and to recognize her desire for good  material.
630382336X|5.0|This so-called &quot;Citizen Kane of juke box movies&quot; is a fine example of how you can make a great film on a low budget - film students take note. This is just beautifully photographed, and in timeless black and  white. The appeal and excitement of the early Beatles is of course evident,  and this film would go on to influence rock movies, TV shows, and videos  for years and years to come.. in fact, it still does.
0790701251|5.0|For quite a while after I saw this picture i was speechless.  It seemed to me, as it did to others who have written here, to lose its momentum in the second half, and it seems that nothing could match the intensity of the  first climax... But it really doesn't lose momentum, and the intensity is  the confusion and haze that was vietnam.  I have read the reviews below and  I keep reading that the movie has no form, no plot.  IF YOU WATCH IT YOU  WILL FIND OUT YOU ARE WRONG.  Every single scene of any impact in the  second half (so therefore all of the scenes) have a direct correlation with  what went on in boot camp in the first half. Some say it ends too abruptly,  Some it is too long, some say it is ambiguous in it's statement, some that  it's statements are too obvious.  Hmmm.. so we have contradictory  criticisms, and I would say that this is what makes it far superior than  any other &quot;war-film&quot; ever made.  Great pieces of ART are always  hotly debated, controversial, upsetting, and often disliked.  The  statements of Saving Private Ryan and Platoon are very straightfoward: WAR  IS HELL.  And although i have never been to war I would probably agree.   But Kubrick's film goes so far beyond that.  It talks about war as a hell  not only in the emotional and sensory sense, but in the psychological  sense.  That our soldiers are dehuminized not only by the violence they  witness and in which they participate, but by their training.  And not only  does it make this statement (very unambiguously) it tries to create NOT the  reality but the SURREALITY of vietnam.  Thus the voyeuristic  cinematography, and the sparseness of dialogue and the confusing cuts in  action are exactly what Kubrick wanted.  And it works more beautifully than  i have ever seen it work before.  The only war-film that comes close to  acheiving the cinematic and intellectual prowess of this film is Apocalypse  now, and Copola had Heart of Darkness to Draw his themes from.  Kubrick  almost always makes books into movies as he did here, but his films are  always HIS.  There is always the Kubrick Spin.  And here it is extremely  well received.  Undeniably, in my opinion, the best film of it's kind from  one of the best directors of all time.  He is sorely missed.
0060977493|2.0|I bought this book because everyone in my book club loved it.  I am now the outcast.  I did not get it.  I never even could finish reading it.  I do believe this was the first book I have not finished.  I found it to be  boring and confusing. I do believe I would try to read other books by  Arundhati Roy, just as long as they are not like this one.
6301978587|5.0|If you allow yourself to open up to its message, Yentl is a beautiful and engaging film. Yes, the insertion of songs can seem a bit heavy handed, but it is, after all STEISAND singing and the score itself is just stunning.   The message of the film is especially poignant given the difficulties even  a star of Streisand's magnitude had in finding a studio to back her  project.  Today's women directors owe her debt of gratitude for paving the  way and eradicating the gender wall.  The film is, ultimately, a triumph.
0316920045|5.0|Best book I ever read.  My sides actually hurt from laughter after the Eschaton scene.  Just remember: every seemingly digressive or irrelevant passage becomes very important to understanding the resolution of the  story, although I didn't realize just how important until I re-read much of  the book.
B00000ILBK|3.0|I've been reading the reviews of this movie and am amazed to see the number of so called devoted fans of the series that have no clue what Star Trek, in all its manifestations, is about. If you really know Star Trek you  understand that even in the first series, some episodes were about action;  others were about human interest, character developement and humour. We've  seen the action. It was time for the other other side of the series.  &quot;Insurrection&quot; fulfills this side. I don't understand the comment  about &quot;no plot.&quot; There is a plot...the story has a definite  begining and progresses to a definite end with all steps in-between  logical. Undoutedly, the writers could have made the plot more intricate  with more interesting sub-plots and twists. But they did not. What we are  left with is a relatively simple story that asked very complex questions.  Try to seriously answer the question that this film asked.<br />True fans of  Science Fiction understand that this genre is about vision. If your idea of  science fiction is limited only to lasers, phasers, and futuristic  technology then I recommend that you skip this movie and wait for the next  &quot;Armagedon&quot;. If, however, you enjoy stories that ask you to  think, even for the slightess moment, then you will enjoy this installment  of the Star Trek world.
B000002N3J|4.0|I just thought that this Cd is one of the best combinations of Madonna's work. Keep up the good work!
B00000AFWW|5.0|I used to think that Courtney Love existed as an artist simply because she was Kurt Cobain's wife.  This album has made me a fan.  She is just as talented as her husband.  And the band is one of the best today.      This  album screams and shouts with a purpose.  And Celebrity Skin has got to be  one of the best rock songs ever.
1556154844|5.0|This IS the standard for professional code. Professionals use it, students use it. Anyone who doesn't is only asking for trouble. The principles in this book can be applied to any type of programming...stand-alone  applications or CGI applications. It's how we rate ourselves as  programmers.
6300214354|5.0|this movie is the best original out. it can keep people no matter what the age. and its so great i want to buy it.
B00000JPH5|5.0|I've owned this video for 10 yrs. Now I get to have the dvd! I use to use the Goblin King as my on-line profile.  Had to get rid of it, there are way too many kids who wanted to play out the movie with me
6300183211|5.0|This is simply the greatest movie of all-time; at least it's my favorite.  The Tony Montana character is the most bad-ass character in the history of motion pictures.
0688158129|5.0|This is the first book I didn't want to end!  A week later I'm still thinking about Chris and Emily and I haven't begun another book because of it!  The characters were so well developed.  You feel their pain and their  joy.  I highly recommend it and have suggested it to many of my friends who  have had similar opinions.
6303908306|5.0|Simply put, the greatest ending in the history of motion pictures
B000001Y42|5.0|Limp Bizkit is the best, so what ever they do is great
B00000DF6O|5.0|Plain and simple: it doesn't get any better than this. Pop this CD in on a hot sultry night, pop a cold beer, and you'll swear you're in the Bayou. He just gets better with age.
B0000027EP|5.0|1916 along with Bastards are one of the greatest Motorhead albums i have heard, and some of the best metal i heard lately, a MUST have if you're into the &quot;classic&quot; sound of metal, heavy hard and fast, but also  some great slow pieces...
0792839846|2.0|First, for anyone that does not know, widescreen format did not gain popularity until after 1950. Since this movie was released in 1942, there will never be a letterboxed edition. Second, I found the character Sam very  shallow and subservient. I was appalled to hear Ingrid Bergman call him a  boy. Third, the cinematography was closer to average than groundbreaking.  Clearly, this movie was originally a play. The backdrop in the driving  scene was more than obvious. The plot tended to be predictable. Orson  Welles, Stanley Kubrick, Martin Scorsese, Steven Spielberg, and many others  have done much, much better. <br />Much, much better.
0195067142|5.0|I loved this book. Reading Sledge's book is like listening to my father speak. My father passed away recently and I bought this book as a way to understand him better. Now I do. I wish I came across this book before he  died. My father was at Okinawa and China like Dr. Sledge.  Dr. Sledge's book, China Marine, was as good as this one.  I am so proud of father for being a Marine during WW II and what he had to endure.  He spoke of the war but not in the detail that Dr. Sledge did with this book. My father and everyone of those Marines is a hero.  Thank God for the Marines.<br /><br />Thank you, to all Marines for what you have done for this country.
0688158129|5.0|I read this book and really enjoyed it.  I think she is a talented author and I can't wait to read more of her work
B000002H4C|5.0|Yep, this soundtrack was part of the soundtrack of my pre- teen and teenage years. Throw in Judas Priest, Iron Maiden, Van Halen, and Led Zeppelin and you would have a pretty good idea of what I listened to until  I discovered what was called punk back then. Still, these songs do rock for  their time period, especially the Cheap Trick tunes.
6304666799|5.0|Though I have never considered myself a devotee of ballet, Matthew Bourne's Swan Lake is one of the most powerful, deeply moving, innovative &amp; iconoclastic productions I've ever had the pleasure of experiencing.   Anyone who can view the final scene without being grabbed by the heart has  probably never understood how intertwined beauty and sorrow can be.  &quot;Simply Heartbreaking,&quot; indeed...and simply unforgettable.
6304167660|5.0|I love this movie. I have seen it an uncountable number of times. The cast is so great, and the only thing I would change: Willie would wait for Marty.
B000009ED0|5.0|At first I thought this was going to be a typical &quot;white boy trys to rap&quot; CD. I was totally blown away when I got to the 3rd and 4th track. Kid's rhymes are clever and cutting. He is true showman. This is the best  non-black CD since &quot;Licence to Ill.
078062565X|5.0|Amazing, that this movie was once declared scary. Im' not dissin' it, but Kong ain't got as much spunk as Godzilla. Still, One of the best movies of the 20th century. <br />It is kinda like Indepence Day of 1933<br />Or the  Titanic of 1933<br />Or the Star Wars 1933
B00000K19E|5.0|MY THOUGHTS ABOUT THE MATRIX:<br />\\"Whoa.&quot;<br />What would you say if computers controlled you? What would you say if you could defy gravity? What would you say if your life was a computer simulation? Yes, that's  right.<br />\\"The Matrix\\" is a long, intense roller coaster ride into the  future. What our world is today is a dream world, and The Matrix is the  real world. Keanu Reeves is Neo, who is chosen by the head of a group,  Morpheus (Laurence Fishburne). What Morpheus tells Neo is confusing at  first, but at a part where Neo meets someone called The Oracle tells him  something. I won't tell you what; you have to see it for yourself.<br />The  movie doesn't really tell you what The Matrix is directly, but gives you an  implication of what might control the human race in the future.  Technologists think that something called Artificial Intelligence (or AI  for short) will control the way of life, and that is what this movie is all  about. As computers grow stronger, and, what I like to think, more  intelligent, the human race dies down and gets \\"sucked\\" into them. The very  Internet that you read this on would be nothing compared what it might be  in 1000 years. A Pentium Processor MCMXCVIII, that makes the picture on  your computer pop out into reality? Create an artificial world? What you  believe about the future is the key of life.<br />THE REVIEW:<br />\\"The Matrix\\"  is not one of those ordinary action films...terrorist threatens, guy saves  whatever or whoever is in danger, or those \\"Save the [Insert Subject Here]\\"  type things (Well, maybe it is a little like saving the world). But is very  different. That's why it got 4 1/2 out of five. An ordinary guy, Thomas  \\"Neo\\" Anderson (Keanu Reeves) is picked out by Morpheus (Laurence  Fishburne), the head of a team that tries to overthrow an evil Matrix to  save the new one. The special effects are great. (I don't know if \\"Flo-Mo\\"  is trademarked by the Wachowski brothers or not) What I mean by \\"Flo-Mo\\" is  the so-called \\"Bullet Time\\" sequence, where Neo dodges bullets. Also, I  can't imagine the vigorous training that went into performing the Kung Fu  and other karate moves. This is the first movie of its kind that the REAL  actors do their own moves. This movie should be a big hit across the  Pacific. Keanu Reeves and Carrie-Anne Moss (Trinity) were a great pair-up  for this movie. It is hard to explain the movie in a review, because there  isn't anything to review other than the theme of the story, but it was  good. It is probably the best science fiction movie I've seen. The movie is  based on playing a game on the computer, about virtual reality. So, what is  The Matrix? I can sum it up in 2 words: SEE IT (and buy it on DVD September  21st!).
B0000025HU|5.0|What do you have when you take the greatest album by the greatest band ever?  The greatest album of all-time, duh.  This album is perfect in every way.  &quot;London Calling&quot; covers so many musical dimensions, it will  make your head spin.  Tracks like &quot;Hateful&quot; and &quot;Rudie Can't  Fail&quot; are upbeat and keep the energy flowing, and the more  politically-oriented tracks, like &quot;Spanish Bombs&quot; and &quot;The  Guns of Brixton&quot; are true classics in every sense.  &quot;Death or  Glory&quot; is the best punk song EVER recorded, and &quot;The Card  Cheat&quot; is incredibly moving, such is &quot;Lost in the  Supermarket.&quot;  I may sound like a poseur, but my favorite track here  is &quot;Train in Vain&quot; -- hell, its probably my favorite song of  all-time.  &quot;London Calling&quot; was ranked by NME as the 7th best  album ever, which shows what dumb bastards they are.  It should have been  #1!! It is #1!! Punk, ska, reggae, R&amp;B, pop, you name it...&quot;London  Calling&quot; delivers it.  &quot;You didn't stand by me... no, not at all,  you didn't stand by me, no way.&quot;  &quot;I get my advice from the  advertising world, treat me nice says the party girl, Koke adds life where  there isn't any, so freeze,  man,freeze,.....................................&quot;
B000000WZ4|4.0|After listening to this album, my first impression was that even Depeche Mode could not escape the need to grow and mature. The songs are more matured on this album, darker and gloomier too. Songs like 'Barrel of a  Gun' might take some time to catch on, but after a few listening, you just  start to realize how good it is. Dave Gahan sang this song after his  near-death experience with drugs and you can really feel his agony in it.  'It's No Good' is another of those infectious Mode tunes that they are so  famous for. But yet, no longer is there any sign of immaturity. 'Useless'  is another great track. Some old fans feel that since 'Violator', Mode's  songs have lost the 'fun side' of the earlier albums. But, think about it.  Where are groups like OMD, Human League or Duran Duran now? Those were the  groups that shared their peak of popularity with Depeche Mode but have  since faded away. The fact that DM is still around today and as popular as  ever shows that they have not made the wrong move in maturing.
B000002LOE|4.0|Though it was an album that kind of distanced me from the band at the time of its' release, Out of Time is perhaps - along with Murmur, Reckoning and parts of Automatic - the REM disc that sounds the best over time.  Only one  song here - unfortumately, the opener, Radio Song - sounds dated.  Several  songs sound even better to me of late; most of all, Belong and the two  where Mills takes lead.  Very good stuff.  The album where REM explored the  pop song in all its' glorious variations.
B000002GC2|5.0|This album is un-mistakenly one of Quincy's best ever, if not thee best, the genuine talents of the artists and musicians embraces your mind and body in some relaxing but high energetic and melodious melodies, definitely  a collectible.
6303407188|5.0|Tim Burton is a genius. I've watched this movie over and over again, and I still can't stop laughing. But beware, once you see this film, you have to check out the &quot;real&quot; Ed Wood stuff, just to see if it's really  that cheesy, and it is!  Ed Wood just got another fan! Watch this movie and  All of Ed Wood's films you won't be disappointed!
B00000JG41|5.0|This album harkens back to the original Bungle album: it has tunes.  Their second album, although decent, has no sense of melody or songwriting.  It was mostly weird riffs, strung together and called a song.  This one,  however, has what someone would recognize as songs.  Check out tracks 2, 4  and 5.  They have all have song quality without losing the Mr.  Bungle  weirdness and playfulness we have all grown to love and admire.  And one  more thing:  Faith No More, get back together.  You were the greatest rock  band of all time...
015626224X|5.0|What an journey Mr. Orwell takes us on.  I was with him the whole way.  Orwell's great analytical skills take you through Paris and London during the depression.  Little comments about the cleanliness of restaurants  elicits pages of commentary and it is all gold.  I'm glad I picked it up.
B000000W5L|5.0|I am a BIG Stones fan. This is my favorite disc (not including any &quot;Greatest Hits&quot; or box sets]. Rarely does any single disc have all great tunes, let alone a double disc. Buy with confidence and enjoy.
6304233639|3.0|Did you notice that the aliens destroy almost every city in America - but don't touch Canada or Mexico?
006109594X|5.0|If you disregard his idealising of the main characters along the lines of some romantic novels, Robinson is a master of disaster.  I could not put this book down. Super read for a long journey or flight.
6305358613|1.0|Historically incorrect to the point of stupidity, this film made me leave the room several times in the course of viewing it.  What poison dress?  It didn't happen! Anjou was Elizabeth's FINAL suitor at age 45, and they get  him confused with his brother, the transvestite king of France!  Francis  Walsingham didn't appear on the scene until much later in the reign &amp;  Robert Dudley went on to lead her armies against the Spanish in Europe; he  was not the whipped dog you see presented here.  The people who conceived  this film counted on the stupidity of the American public; shame on them.
0812589041|5.0|A book like this comes along only a few times in one's life. This book explores both what it is to be a &quot;gifted&quot; child and the stresses that can build upon such children whether or not they are trying to save  the world. It is also a great exploration of the nature of the mind during  a stressful situation, and what happens to being pushed beyond our limits,  by forces we cannot control. I'm sure my review doesn't make much sense, so  READ THIS BOOK. See for yourself.
B000001FY9|5.0|Bob Marely is a reggae legend and LEGEND is the best CD ever. This is a must have for every collection.
B00000IRED|4.0|Jim Carrey.  Such is the fatal flaw of The Truman Show, an ambitious, visually stunning, intellectually advanced film that restores faith in major-studio product.<br />I've heard both gushing adoration and  invective-based indictment of this film, so I wished to make a clear-headed  assessment.  I loved the film but very much disliked the star that plays  the central character of this character-based science-fiction allegory.<br />I  am well aware that Carrey was probably the reason that an  anti-establishment piece like this got greenlit.  Unfortunately, he was  wrong for the role.  The masterstroke thematic and narrative argument of  this film is that a genuine, everyday person can be the emotional salvation  of millions of robotic, brainwashed people around the world.  By casting  Carrey, who has not as single genuine bone in his whole acting technique,  Peter Weir compromised Truman's humanity, upon which hangs his whole  film.<br />That aside, The Truman Show is a film of stunning craft -- from the  Dagwitz/Glass score to Peter Biziou's amazing photography; from the  flawless production design to Andrew Niccol's top-notch script; and the  supporting players, led by a flaky Laura Linney (showing much comic  ability) and the low-key, infallible Ed Harris.  A brilliant touch casting  Harris as a godhead -- when the facade of the God is ripped down, Harris'  crushed reaction is brilliant.<br />From a purely aesthetic viewpoint  (film-industry practices aside), this film could've benefitted from a  non-name star.  As it stands, it remains a noble and worthy film,  qualifying as one of the best of the last four or five years, if only based  on its technical merits alone, and a truly challenging film.
6303255132|5.0|This movie is one of those movie that touches you.It makes you sympathize with Julia who is so sweet and makes you walk with her the whole story and Richard is the ideal cold person who with her help becomes a human again  and deals with his past.Only her heart could open him again and so in the  end the Cinderella finds her princess.
B00000JCOV|5.0|The first time I heard this band it just blew my f***n mind.  I am a fan of heavy, hardcore, thrash metal, and Slipknot is one of the hardest bands I've ever heard!  Get this CD and turn up the volume on your stereo!!!
630349255X|5.0|Excellent - everybody should watch/own it.  I'm still waiting for it to be released on DVD as the scenery and shots need to be appreciated on higher resolution than VHS.  If you get the chance to see it on film, do it!
6304124988|5.0|This is the best musical ever made! I think I've watched it over a hundred times and I can't seem to get tired of it! Julie Andrews is simply fantastic! With her soft and yet strong voice,  she'll have you smiling  every song sung, and you too will want to sing along with her! This is  surely something that can't be missed! It's a beautiful story, full of joy  and, of course, music! Not to mention the cinematography, which is  magnificent! It's total fun and entertainment for the entire family, a  drop-dead-wonderful movie that everyone must see!! Let's put it this way:  if you don't have it, buy it now! You won't regret it!!
B0000024K1|5.0|PE is one of the groups that make me proud to listen to them.They are like no other.Flavor Flav is cool.I like his songs they're something different.So in other words buy this cd.
B00000DHRZ|1.0|Every song blows chunks. Don't even consider buying this sh*t
B000002B7S|3.0|&quot;Bark at he moon&quot; continues to reveal Ozzys talent to find gifted guitarrist. This is the first studio recording withou Randy Rhoads, replaced after his death briefly by Brad Gillis, then permanently by Jake  E. Lee, which is a great player. Tough, &quot;Bark..&quot; lacks really  great songs, but in the average it keeps up with Ozzys voice and  potential.
0380973464|5.0|I've read all enjoyed all of Stephenson's work, even those books by that &quot;other guy.&quot;  This is utterly engaging not only because of the characters and action, but the wealth of information in the book--it seems  to be more thoroughly researched than most historical non-fiction.   Stephenson masterfully weaves togther the past and present, ranging from  1990's Washington State to the WWII Phillipines.  A great read!
B000002KKS|4.0|Heaven and Hell is really the only worthwhile record of Sabbath's Dio phase. It's much better than &quot; Mob Rules&quot; and &quot;Live Evil&quot; and its eight tracks are very good.
B00000K19E|4.0|I saw this movie for the first time in the UK, and almost didn't due to the inclusion of Keanu Reeves. As a philosophy major at uni, this movie was suprisingly thought provoking and drew its inspiration from one of the  oldest of philosophical quesitons: how can we be sure that everything is as  our senses claim... spooky. Anyway, I liked it loads. Cracking soundtrack,  great directing, and for once the good guys get to wear the leather jackets  and the cool shades! Order it now... I know I have.
B000002B7M|4.0|&quot;Blizzard...&quot; is a master-piece, in a way that it presented the public to ex-QUIET RIOT guitarrist Randy Rhoads, who died in 1982. If you listen carefully, you'll see that Randy's solo technique was years ahead of  everything else in the heavy-metal genre. His playing has  feeling, speed,  touch, agression, everything combined in the right amount. There are one or  two weak songs (No Bone Movies, for example), but the others are all  classic, going through times!
B000005K8B|5.0|I have been a Type O Negative fan for A while now, and have enjoyed every piece of music they have put out. October Rust only makes me want more !!! The style is different, but hasn't every one of there albums been  different? The point is, that this is a welcome change and a great addition  to any Type O fans library. It may take a day or two to get used to it, but  when you finally do, you'll wonder how you ever got along without it.
B000002UUX|5.0|This Cd is as if Dave Mustaine had called MEGADETH's fans together in a meeting and said: &quot;Hey, I'm Dave Mustaine, this is our new guitar player, Marty Friedman, and we are the new Megadeth.&quot; &quot;Rust in  Peace&quot; marks the start of a new phase in Megadeth's career, one which  would produce four master-piece albuns in a row, of which  &quot;Rust..&quot; is the most &quot;complicated&quot;, considering musical  virtuosity only. The songs are fast-paced, coherent, vibrant and full of  amazing leading breaks, lightning solos, screaming vocals, intelligent  lyrics. Well, it's really a progression in the band's discography.
B00000K19E|5.0|This has to be one of the most exciting sci-fi action flicks I have ever seen!!  What made it so great was the fact that the actors trained before filming the movie.  The storyline made you think, and with the 2+ hours the  movie lasted, it didn't drag one bit.  I can't wait for the DVD version and  all the extras.
1560100842|5.0|This is a 5 out of 5 star book...If you want to learn the basics (as well as the finer points) this book is numero uno!
B000001FA4|5.0|Even after 15 years, I still listen to this CD one in a while.  And everytime I do, I can still feel the emotions the group put into this album.  &quot;Pride (In The Name Of Love)&quot; itself is a song I will  never grow tired of.
0131103628|5.0|It is short. It is comprehensive. It is good.<br />Come with effective examples (most being short implementation of famous UNIX commands),  exercises (solutions in an other book by different authors) and a reference  manual.<br />The only one book to have for C programming, by its authors.
0792140923|5.0|Tom Hanks gave the performance of his life in this movie.  I'm glad he won the Oscar for it, he deserved it so much.
0375707972|3.0|I found the story well written. Every word, every sentence never made me feel it didn't belong. The book flowed very smoothly and had a rythym. It was also the type of book that left you thinking thats it? That was all  there was? Unfortunately it wasn't a story I could put myself into, I  didn't sympathize with the characters, infact I disliked them. The boy was  obviously infatuated with Hanna, I got the impression that there was  nothing else to the relationship then that. Hanna no more felt for the  &quot;kid&quot; then you would for a house plant you were obligated to  water every day. She got her pleasure from him and he read to her which she  could not do for herself. Other than that the relationship was entirely in  his mind. They both got something out of it, but what they got were two  completely different things. She had her fun with him, and he red her books  she could never have read. He felt he was in a mature relationship and  convinced himself it was love. Once again beautifully written but I felt no  sympathy for the relationship, or the characters.
630516603X|5.0|Michael Flatley really outdid himself this time.  This video is just incredilbe.  The dancing and music are superb.  It's so much better than the Lord of the Dance video.  There are new dance numbers in it, including  a beautiful solo by Bernadette Flynn called 'Dance of Love.'  A must-see  for anyone who is a Michael Flatley fan!
0782008364|5.0|I loved this movie the first time I saw it, and have continued to enjoy it immensely with each subsequent viewing. Jennifer Tilly and Gina Gershon exude eroticism, love and, above all, trust in one another. As the story unfolds their relationship progresses from a simple lesbian tryst to something so much more profound and binding that they are able to plot together to steal $2 million from Tilly's Mafia boyfriend, brilliantly played by Joe Pantoliano, who steals several scenes.<br />The DVD version I saw is the unrated version, which has some of the more explicit scenes that were cut out of the R rated version initially available in the US. The quality is excellent, but the extras are nothing to brag about. The director's narrative was a bore.<br />The main attraction, however, is the movie itself and it is flawless. Some people are uncomfortable with the premise of 2 women developing a loving, trusting, sexual relationship, but I thought that it was very well done. One of the best movies I have seen in many, many years.
6304578482|5.0|Anyone who has attended high school will be able to relate to this film.  The &quot;cool&quot; kids make the nerdy kids' lives miserable.  Then the reunion comes around and the nerds wonder why they ever wanted to impress  the &quot;cool&quot; kids in the first place!
1558908358|5.0|All in all, a landmark film. Very impressive and entertaining. Many little details that film reviewers seem to continually miss. A must see film (especially for bitheads).<br />While not as complete as the Laserdisc  version,  this is definitely superior to the scratched and gritty reel that  Disney used for the VHS version.<br />I was very disappointed that the extra  footage and concept art sections were missing from the DVD. <br />To correct a  previous review, it should be noted that the character RAM does correspond  to a character in the film. Note the scene where the programmer in the  cubicle next to Alan asks him if he can have some of his popcorn. That's  him.<br />As well, Peter (the guy who watched Dillenger's office for him while  he was at the CES) is the assistant you see on the Bridge of Sark's  ship.<br />The MPC was not replaced with a kinder, gentler MCP. What you saw  was the true form of the MCP -- without all of the aquired power (kind of a  tip of the hat to The Wizard of OZ).<br />Keep in mind that -- technically --  this is not a Disney film. Disney simply supplied the financial backing and  the studio space for this feature.
6305358567|5.0|This movie was both educational and entertaining.  Cate Blanchett did a superb job and deserved the Oscar as best actress, not Gwyneth Paltrow.  The fact that Paltrow won shows how political the Oscars really are.
B000002MFE|5.0|Not all of Clapton's performances are good, are they ? But in this record there isn't simply &quot;anything to throw away&quot;. From the first track to the last one, you'll stay hooked to this authentic revival of a great  artist, greatly performing great tunes.
6300263673|5.0|Dirty Dancing is a classic.  It is a movie that attracts people of all ages.  The dancing is incredible, and the love story is something every woman would like to be involved in.  Patrick Swayze is beyond sexy in this.   His dancing is breathtaking.  Jennifer Grey does a great job, too.  This  movie was supposed to take place in the Catskills, but it was actually  filmed at resorts in Virginia and North Carolina.  I loved this movie so  much, I spent a week at the Virginia resort.  That turned out to be a  disappointment. Although the place was scenic, it was so boring in  comparison to the movie.  Anyway, if you want a great love story and  unbelievable dancing, go see this movie!
0375408266|5.0|I am amazed at how many readers thought this book was about sex and obsession.  That was only the introduction to the theme of what can be a generation's response to a living monster.  The author's main idea is not  sex, but confronting our own attitudes toward the past and parents who  aided and abetted and applauded Hanna in their lifetime.  Did anyone think  her illiteracy was a bit unusual for a 20th century German?  Perhaps it was  a metaphor for her &quot;not knowing&quot; what she was doing.  Was it a  whitewash?  Are we being led to being sympathetic to Hanna?  Why did she  commit suicide?  Maybe because she realized that she could never escape the  hideousness of what she had done.  She was truly worthless.
6305128944|4.0|This was an emotionally-charged story played out very well by the actors involved.  It was a story of healing, and the Montana scenery was absolutely glorious.  This movie takes you to a much slower pace of life  than most Americans are used to.  It was very enjoyable.
B000002JOH|5.0|This is one of my all time favorite CD's.  Check out Walk, This Love, adn Regular People for some of the best metal around.
6305428050|5.0|This is one of the best movies I've ever seen.  Elisabeth Shueand the rest of the cast do a very convincing job.  It is extremelyfunny on one hand, but will have you on the edge of your seat at other times.  Never a dull moment!  Although the situation Elisabeth Shue's character gets into is perhaps a bit far-fetched, it is something that all babysitters can relate to.  Shue showed what a great actress she really is in this movie.  It's not surprising that she later went on to get an Oscar nomination.  I would recommend this movie to both young and old alike.
0783114222|5.0|Several of the episodes especially stand out:<br />The first one, showing what a monumental task it appeared to be in the beginning.<br />The Apollo One episode, which shows the human toll of the program in equally human  terms.<br />The Apollo 12 episode, which shows, better than the Apollo 11  segment, the &quot;Gosh, I'm actually on the moon&quot; factor.<br />The  Apollo 15 episode, which shows the science aspect of the program and gives  an irrefutable arguement for why we had to send people into space.<br />I hope  1000 years from now this miniseries is looked to as a monument to the  beginning, and not just a curious experiment.
0792151712|5.0|Kate Winslet and Leonardo DiCaprio were magical.  The special effects were the best I've ever seen, and the acting was perfect.  This is a movie I'll always treasure.
0792156684|1.0|Cameron definitely did this for the money. Probably his worst movie. Thin plot. Big effects (mostly near the end) When it first came out, I went and saw it at the theatre cause I knew Cameron was doing it. Boy I never felt  so disapointed by a movie! (besides Highlander 2 being #1 on my list for  disapointments) I compare this movie to a mondern day &quot;Gone with the  wind&quot;! **gag**
6305470448|1.0|Am I the only person who hated this film?  I was bored to death during it and couldn't wait for it to end.  It just shows how little imagination Hollywood has left that they would put out this piece of trash on a  brilliant man like Shakespeare.  I did not think that Gwyneth Paltrow's  acting deserved the Oscar for this one.
B00000DFRS|2.0|When I heard that Whitney had a new album, I rushed out to buy it.  I have been a Whitney fan from the very beginning, and I couldn't wait to hear her latest compilation.  What a disappointment.  The songs on this album are a  pitiful attempt to appease to 13 and 14 year old kids who know nothing  about the texture of music.  While there is nothing wrong with an artist  experimenting with different styles of music (it keeps the creative juices  going), I fear that Whitney chose the style of music on this album only to  make sure that Generation X (what a bore) would purchase it.  Or maybe, she  just can't do the strong ballad anymore due to smoking or perhaps she's too  busy monitoring her husband.  Anyway, Whitney, go back to the old landmark  -- the passionate ballads that made you who you are today.  You never  really could get the r&amp;b thing down but that's o.k., we love you  anyway.  Hopefully, you will listen to critical commentary rather than  record sales the next time around.....
B00000ICD9|1.0|This movie was garbage.  It was obviously written by a politically correct, left wing, Hollywood elitist.  When Robin Williams dies, his son comes to him in the form of a black man, and his daughter comes to him in  the form of an Asian woman.  Give me a break!  Annabella Sciorra did a  great acting job, but that's about it.  This had the potential to be  fantastic, but it missed the mark terribly.
0156907399|5.0|Art of such consequence as this makes demands on its audience, but the return is colossal. This is an extraordinary book. It is at least as much poem as tale, as much music as prose. It will certainly change your idea  about limitations of expression. For readers who require signposts of plot  to trigger their perception of information, and who don't find it easy to  appreciate the subtle flavours of words, be warned: you will need to depend  very heavily on your inner ear, to allow some of the more exquisite  sensations of language to wash in of their own accord. (Other reviewers  have hinted here at the role of reading skills in our understanding.) It is  possible though, by such openess, to develop a reliable method of  perceiving and pulling ideas which is not at all the way we are so used to  guzzling and then spitting them out, in our late 20th century consumerist  addiction to news media sensation. A good book makes you want to write and  speak, to learn how language will work for you. Woolf gently turns the  relationship between events in time and the play of human feeling on its  head in the search for universal truth. I read it the first go in two or  three bites because it's flavours are so rich and I did not want to miss  anything by failing to savour them properly. I'll always revisit it to  learn and feel more and to be enriched further. This is not an Oprah book.
0812504488|5.0|One of the great horror stories of all time.May the reviewers like the teeny-boppers from Africa,Cal. and Hawaii go back to their R.L. Stine and leave the reviewing to mature,thoughtful readers, and if such reviews are  motivated by classroom assignments, may their teacher please cease and  desist.
6301963911|5.0|Everybody should see &quot;Annie Hall.&quot;  Unfortunately, not everyone can, because the VHS version is not closed-captioned (unlike the DVD).  Why isn't this fantastic movie available with captioning in VHS format?
6304806418|1.0|Neither the lush musical score nor the top notch directing can save this motion picture from Madonna's lackluster performance.  She looks the part however the moment she attempts to sing, I find myself longing for the days  when strong voices were dubbed into the musical numbers.  Where is Patti  LuPone when we need her?  If anything, this film exposes the limitations of  Madonna's vocal range.  A few hand gestures and several costume changes do  not an actress make.
630542828X|5.0|As someone who's litigated class action laswuits, I must say that this movie hit reality on the head more often than not.  It was scary.  The movie is a great dramatic piece.  As for the DVD quality, the picture is  fantastic and the Dolby Digital 5.1 audio is especially good for a movie  where nothing blows up.  The sound fills the room with ambience and the  dialog is crystal clear.
6305480192|5.0|This film is great Demi Moore is wonderfull she shies in this par
0345363132|5.0|It was an accident, really, that I came to own the book.  We were in a tiny bookstore across from Caernarfon Castle when I found the thick and tempting volume.  Having exhausted my reading material during the trip, I  bought it, and tucked it away for the long flight home.  Once started,  there was no way to put it down...and I greedily read page after page.  It  sounds trite to say I was transported, and that Penman makes the characters  come alive.  In fact, she unleashed a hunger to learn I thought I had lost,  and I went in search of Richard...through historical perspective and modern  day essays.  Finally, last year at Middleham castle, we saw a much loved  and dog eared copy of Sunne by the cash register.  I pointed to it and  said, &quot;That is why we are here...&quot;  The guide wasn't surprised;  in fact she told us just how many Americans say the same thing.  I came  away from Richard's home with haunting photos and a real treasure...the  guide gave me a book plate autographed by Penman during one of her visits  to the castle.  I missed the book the moment I finished reading it, but was  cheered by the author's wonderful Welsh trilogy awaiting me on the shelf...
6303282237|5.0|This movie has to be on your &quot;got to see list.&quot; It is a history lesson in a very entertaining film representing a Castilian knight who literaly fought and ultimetly died for peace. It is a war story: Christians  versus Muslims...the history of one of the most powerful countries in  Europe. It includes love, betrayal, and loyalty. See it.
0964385619|5.0|I really enjoyed this book. Robert shows the distinction between his Rich Dad and Poor Dad strategies.  I'm currently in graduate school and I wished I would have read this book before starting.  I've read the Millionaire  Next Door, Unlimited Power, Awaken the Giant Within and Women, Men and  Money. This is what the rich really do think for those who lived on Grosse  Ile, Michigan where I went to school. I'm an avid real estate investor and  believe Robert's ideas will create new perspectives for people. I hope  people in my generation X will get a chance to pick up this book as well as  his Cashflow Quandrant. I've read all his books, I'm just waiting for his  seminars to come to the Midwest. One may imagine learning even more ideas  about what parents try to brainwash their children with! This book is an  eye opener for computer people, loan officers, real estate investors and  budding trainers! Anyone who's interested in becoming financially  independent should read this book! I'm implementing a lot of his ideas in  my life.
B000000H6D|4.0|I love Type O, but I can only give this 4 stars. It is a great album, but October Rust is better. Though this album DOES hit the mark many, many times. &quot;Christian Woman&quot; is pure goth, as is the now anthematic,  &quot;Black #1&quot;. I LOVE &quot;Too Late:Frozen&quot;. The beautiful  ballad of the title track has gothic organ at it's finest. And of course,  there is the killer rendition of &quot;Summer Breeze&quot;. My advice is to  pick up the digi-pack version which has all the songs, minus &quot;Kill all  the White People&quot;, none of the nonsense between songs like &quot;Fay  Wray Come Out and Play&quot; and contains the amazing, &quot;Suspended in  Dusk&quot;. None More Negative........
B0000026J6|5.0|I grew up listening to Judy Collins' recordings of Cohen's songs, especially &quot;Suzanne&quot; and &quot;Bird on a Wire,&quot; which my mom played over and over.  I didn't hear any of Cohen's own recordings until  recently, and they've made me very happy.  &quot;I can't forget&quot; is my  favorite song too.  &quot;I'll be there today with a big bouquet of cactus  / I've got this rig that runs on memories&quot;  What great songwriting.
1573225517|5.0|I have a lot of nerve following Suzanne Finnamore (another GIFTED and WONDERFUL author) in reviewing Nick's book - but I wanted to add one more voice to the throngs who loved High Fidelity.  Women; read it to find out  the secrets that men don't reveal about themselves.<br />When it was over I  missed Rob, Barry, and Dick with real grief!
B00000IO4J|5.0|This movie is awesome. I like the way the characters try to find out what is happening to the faculty, and what happens to them. At times it was scary. This movie was better then the other recent horror movies. It made  you think. See it cause you will enjoy it!!!!!
B00000K19E|5.0|This is one of the best movies I've seen! The plot is a realmind-blower and in-depth. You'll say to yourself: &quot;no way&quot;over and over again through-out.  The Special Effects are great, and make the story more believable.  My favorite movie of this genre up to this point, WAS Aliens, But now I can say, that has been surpassed!
B000002UZ4|5.0|The Pet Shop Boys have made some of the best dance music ever.  Their songs are infectious and catchy, but unusually deep for dance/pop.  All their greatest stuff thru '91 is here.  My personal favorites are  &quot;Domino Dancing&quot;, &quot;Left To My Own Devices&quot; and  &quot;Heart.&quot;  If you've only heard &quot;West End Girls&quot; or  their version of &quot;Always On My Mind&quot;, pick this up, I guarantee  you will be hooked.  Also recommended for PSB fans is &quot;VERY&quot;.
0790729393|2.0|I loved this movie in the theaters. When it was released on DVD, I scarfed it right up and popped it in my player. An hour and 15 minutes into the movie I find myself putting down my 40, getting off my comfortable couch  and walking across the room to flip the damn disc. Hey Warner Bros.,  haven't you ever heard of dual layering???<br />If I were you, I'd wait for  the re-release. If it weren't for the flip maneuver, I'd have given the  disc 4 stars.
B00000J7J4|4.0|This is one of the best albums I have ever heard for guitar.  As a guitar player I really appriciated Santana's lead playing especialy in &quot;Put Your Lights On&quot;
0679457313|1.0|This book was unreadable.  It was the poorest excuse for a rambling, babbling piece of chaos ever written.  The writing was terrible, you couldn't follow any story line. Ultimately, you didn't care about any  characters or what happened.  A total waste of time.
B000002J1M|1.0|8 the passerotto is far better than this! Don't listen to Genesis, buy 'Latte e i suoi derivati' instead! Furio De Nardis
B00000G3BX|5.0|I love Mulan ! I bought it on the opening day ! I like the Part where Musheu gose , &quot; What you mean a luser ? How a bout if I poped one of your atanias ,then threw it across  the yeard then whos the luser, me or  you ?&quot; I laffed my head off at this pioent . And at anouther pioent  where musheu says , &quot; let's go kik some hunnybuns .&quot; Know that i  lffed my head off too ! I love it ! Watch it and find out who you really  are inside !
B00000IAU3|5.0|I first spotted the video to &quot;Here With Me&quot; on M2 and was captivated by the warm vocals and lush production and kinda brought me back to Shakespear's Sister &quot;Stay&quot;. It makes me glad that there's a  new artist that I truly love and highly recomend this CD.
B00000AFFF|5.0|This album brings together two of my very favorite artists.  It has a permanent place in my stereo since I received it for Valentine's Day.  The songs are complex and emotional.  For a new album, it has a very classic  sound.  These guys do not disappoint!
6304071868|5.0|I clearly remember, as an 8-year-old in England, the optimism of the time and the word, on everyone's lips, that after five years of privation &quot;the war will be over by Christmas&quot;.  And with a bit of luck,  Operation Market Garden might have done just that.  I also remember the air  of dread and apprehension when the news of the catastrophe started to come  in - many of the British Airborne slaughtered at Arnhem bridge were from my  area in Lancashire county and almost every family in my village lost a son  or father, or knew someone who had.  The name &quot;Arnhem&quot; for years  after was spoken of in the same way that an earlier generation had spoken  of Ypres and the Somme.<br />   I often wonder, after reading Leonard Maltin's  reviews, whether he and I have seen the same films.  How anyone can call  this true-to-life, accurate representation of Cornelius Ryan's book  &quot;lifeless&quot; and &quot;overproduced&quot; is beyond me.  I found it  to be one of the most realistic and emotionally-draining examples of  warfare I have ever seen - certainly more so than the film version of  Ryan's &quot;Longest Day&quot;, which seems to appear on TV every couple of  months complete with draft-dodging John Wayne's fake heroics.  <br />    One  of the strongest parts of the screenplay and direction is how the Dutch  civilians and allied soldiers alike started with the optimistic idea that  the Germans were beaten and on the run, and gradually came to realise that  the exact opposite was happening. <br />    My only criticism is that the film  is about 20 minutes too long; most of this could have been avoided by  leaving the superfluous James Caan bit on the cutting-room floor (but it  was probably in his contract that his bit had to stay!)<br />     Top acting:  Sean Connery as Gen. Urquhart (whom he uncannily resembled), Edward Fox  (Gen. Horrocks), and Anthony Hopkins as Col. John Frost - mystifyingly:  this, I think one of his best roles, is never mentioned in Hopkins's  biographies.   Rotten acting:  Michael Cain (what's new?) and Gene Hackman,  who never seemed to know what his accent was supposed to be.  I agree with  an earlier reviewer - how could this true, tragic but inspiring story have  been a box-office bomb while &quot;Saving Private Ryan&quot; was a  mega-hit?<br />     I have traveled in Holland, and the Dutch people were, and  remain, eternally grateful to the allies - especially the British - for  their sacrifice to liberate their homeland.  Now the French on the other  hand.....
6304873441|5.0|I love ,and I mean love , this movie ! I've seen it over a thousand times !  It's the best !It's the top one ! I love it ! I only wish that I could have seen it in theaters ! My last movie I saw in theater was ,  &quot;Inspectior Gagaet .&quot; KNOW THAT ONE YOU'VE GOT TO SEE !
B00000IOSU|2.0|To me, this release right here is the shining example of how Sarah has completely overmarketed herself. Few of the songs on here really justify shelling out the extra bucks for anyone but the hard-core fan - there's just little difference between the live versions and the originals. While well-produced, Mirrorball is hardly an exceptional live album...there's no particularly overwhelming magic going on here, and some songs sound downright uninspired. I haven't seen her live yet, but I've heard it's an \\"almost spiritual experience\\" by some people (even luke-warm fans). Mirrorball doesn't show any of this though...you're going to get a heck of a lot more enjoyment, insights and comfort out of her studio versions than these for the most part. As if this fact wasn't enough to show the release's over-commerciality, there is only one song on the entire album (even including the limited edition bonus cd!) that predates her last two studio albums. Hardly a comprehensive work! Instead, Mirrorball sounds more like a \\"Fumbling Towards Ecstasy Live\\" with a few bonus tracks from Surfacing tacked onto it. Great if FTE is your favorite album of hers, but if you appreciate her less commercially-successful (and, in Solace's case, richer and more cohesive) works, this is just a let down. Another release marketed straight for the general public, many of whom will probably forget about this album (perhaps even this artist!) when the next big thing comes around. The companion DVD to this helps some (and adds a few more tracks that the CD *should* have), but overall Sarah deserves better than this overpolished and underwhelming release.
0451191153|1.0|Clumsy prose, laughable characterizations, ludicrous dialogue and offensive philosophical underpinnings--truly the most irritating, poorly written book I've ever (almost) finished reading.
0553573403|5.0|What a great choice it was to expand my fantasy reading beyond Robert Jordan! This book was fantastic! Every chapter, centering around one particular character in the sprawling world Jordan has created, leaves you  dying to get back to him or her and see what will happen next. This book  pulls no punches and avoids the chaste world of Jordan by addressing the  darker side of war and sexual treachery. All of this packed in an amazing  fantasy tale and you have a true winner!
068484267X|5.0|I am an aspiring writer and I can only hope for Frank McCourt's gift.  How can he cause me to chuckle out loud and then bring water to my eyes all in the same sentence?  His story is beautiful and truly bittersweet, and I  eagerly await the sequel.
B00000ILDE|1.0|Why is EVERYONE so in love with Aliens? It just stomps its big,smelly military boots all over Ridley Scott's beautiful movie. Itreeks of kick-a** rawk attitude and mindless violence instead of the claustrophobic, close-in tension of the original. You don't even get any interesting characters who you can feel for when they get wasted - just gung-ho cannon fodder morons (duh... lets nuke it from space duh...) who because of their own stupidity end up getting wasted in droves. Does anyone really care when these characters start dying? I don't and I should - they're meant to be human beings, after all. On top of that, it just exploits and casts aside the work that was done in the first film in establishing the intelligence, hostility and mystery of the alien by making them out to be a bit like ants. When I saw 'Aliens' for the first time, I was so disappointed. Every time I see it I'm hoping to find some new depth, some new angle and it just isn't there. Do your brain a favour - buy the original (especially the awesome DVD version) and not this drivel.
6305291489|5.0|When this movie came out in theaters I might have seen an ad or a preview, but I quietly brushed it out of my mind or thought &quot;how could it be any good? this is just another Disney ploy.&quot;<br />Then my visiting sister  popped it into the vcr one afternoon while I was reading (we are grown ups)  and I thought it was on TV!  So, having seen the original on TV during the  '70s, I watched it and couldn't believe how great it was, just as good or  better than the original (I can't even remember the original).  <br />The  London setting is a dramatic change (from the Boston original) which adds a  further polarization to the Annie/Hallie split embryo.  The casting is  perfect for every character; in fact, I don't think the movie would have  worked with anyone except Lindsay Lohan playing the twins.<br />Yes, I had  tears in my eyes at all the heartwarming moments.  Conclusion:  A great  film for people of any age (and these are the words of a fairly jaded  moviegoer...).<br />PS: Don't tell your children that the twins are played by  one girl, so you can blow their minds later.
B00000JG41|5.0|This ranks right up there with the first release from Mr. Bungle. California is an awesome collection of writing, arranging and most of all, musicianship. This band is a collection of some of the most creative and  talented musicians I've heard in a long, long time. From &quot;Sweet  Charity&quot; to &quot;Goddbye Sober Day&quot; you'll get everything from  soft ballads to neo-rockabilly, alternative-klezmer and do-wop. I  personally cannot wait to see them perform these songs live in Orlando, FL  !!
6305428220|5.0|I just watched it today, and I loved it! Josh Hartnett is so hot. The actors, and the movie rules!
B000002C4C|5.0|Mariah has done it again.  She proves that she can change her music with the times and still keep her soul in it.  Mariah is and always will be my most favored artist.  I keep at least one of her CD's in my car disc  changer at all times.  I can't go a day without hearing her sing.  Mariah  can be my Babydoll ANY DAY!!!
0783229569|5.0|FaLiLV would be the one!!!  This is the best movie I have ever seen besides The Hunt for Red October. You should be chemically altered (beer of course) to actually watch the whole thing.  I have seen it countless times  &quot;drunk&quot; and about 3 times sober.  It is good.  Get it now.   Please buy this movie!!!
0792156684|5.0|Great video scene wipes/mixing, Great story line, Great acting by all.  Very enjoyable story line presented by well matched actors.<br />The Art of making Great Movies seen at its best.  Enjoy it.
6304913176|5.0|Got this movie looking for a B-type shoot-em-up, and for the first hour that's just what I thought it delivered. But it kept getting odder and odder and the end just blindsided me. Don't get drunk or let your attention  waver -- this movie is subversive, and like all good subversive stuff,  it'll get right past you if you aren't watching. If it weren't rated R I'd  recommend it *strongly* to high school teachers looking for thematic  material on propaganda or anti-war literature. As it is it would be  appropriate in a community college or undergraduate setting. (Note that it  is only very loosely based on the book)
6301796535|5.0|This movie is very cute,romatic and entertaining.  See it and you will absolutely fall for Julia Roberts.
1567407757|5.0|Additional instructions for how to live your life. The book was heart-warming and reaches deeply into that sensitive part of all of us.  We all fear death, but as we have been told time and time again, it is  unavoidable. Morrie's final lesson is one of truth.  Released from the  power of the &quot;material world&quot; Morrie is free to live out his  final days knowing who he is, who he has been and though it is unspoken, he  knows who he is to God.  Two very powerful messages are woven throughout  the book:  one must first learn how to die in order to understand how to  live; and if you have lived your life in a way that has touched the lives  of others, when you dies, it only life that has ended not a relationship.   The relationship will live forever. Thank you Mitch for this wonderful  story, it has taught me much.
6304297912|5.0|This has got to be one of the most original films ever made.  Terrific screenplay.  Unbelievable writing.  And Ewan McGregor couldn't have been more better.  Watch out for the baby!
0140186409|5.0|It amazes me that people found this book boring.  I read 300 pages in one sitting and found that Steinbeck provided a vivid account of life in the early part of the century.  Too often we forget that there was something  besides two World Wars in the early 1900's.  I encourage those of you who  gave it poor reviews to re-read when you are a little older.  I think when  you have matured and experienced the real world, this book will have much  more meaning.
6304068441|5.0|This film was so good and so socially resposible.  IT PRESENTED BOTH SIDES OF THE ISSUE.  But it convinced me to change my pro-capital punishment stance.  Terrfic acting by Susan Sarandon and Sean Penn.  Both deserved  Oscars. Watch this movie for the scene where Susan Sarandon sings to Sean  Penn before his death.
B00000INEX|1.0|Since my 6 month old loves Baby Mozart we decided to buy Baby Bach.  She starts to cry when we play the video.  I guess I should have looked at the reviews before buying it.
078061755X|5.0|This is an emotionally draining movie.  It really gets to you.  It is amazing how anyone could lead such a life.  This was a terrific cast.  Geoffrey Rush was really good.  Armin Mueller Stahl and Lynn Redgrave were  terrific in supporting roles.  And Noah Taylor should have won an Oscar.   Unbelievable performances.
B00000JPH5|5.0|It is a good fantasy movie have watched it numerous times. It has a great song with David Bowie in it and the muppets are good too.  Just because it has puppets does not mean it is just for kids.
B000001FDQ|5.0|This album shows what a piece of wood with strings can do in the hands of a true master! Here Yngwie is at his technical best, slicing virgin air with awesome precision riffs! It should be noted that Yngwie played the bass on this album as well.  The cream of &quot;Rising Force&quot; is in the first four songs.  &quot;Black Star&quot; with its driving bass and spine tingling solos is classic!  &quot;Far Beyond The Sun,&quot; &quot;Now Your Ships Are Burned,&quot; and &quot;Evil Eye&quot; also show the greatness of Yngwie Malmsteen.  His work on these songs is nothing less than awe-inspiring!  This album, with its merging of heavy metal and classical, is truly timeless and breathtaking! It was in this collection of masterpieces that a rock legend came into being!  Grab this piece of music gold today!
0060974176|4.0|This is a great book if you are just taking an interest in the auto industry and would like to gain a simple understanding of lean vs. mass production.  Outside of the fact that the author hangs on a few subjects,  this book reads very fast.
6305263248|5.0|Watching &quot;Ronin,&quot; one becomes nostalgic for the days when directors used to take some actors and a crew and go someplace and MAKE A MOVIE. More and more these days, actors do their part on a green stage and  everything else is done in post-production. Frankenheimer goes out and  makes the movie. Anyone who has the DVD should take the time to listen to  the full-length director's commentary. Some director's commentaries are  drawn-out philosophical statements. Frankenheimer stays on the subject. He  talks about how things were done and why choices were made in how scenes  unfold and how the plot progresses. If you're the acknowledged  best-director-of-car-chases-ever, it's hard not to repeat yourself.  However, in the narrow streets of Nice and in the tunnels of Paris,  Frankenheimer brings a new level of intensity to the genre. For those who  find the pacing uneven, I'd point this out: cartoons have non-stop action;  movies are SUPPOSED to have character and plot-line development. If it's a  two-hour cartoon you want, go see &quot;Phantom Menace&quot; again.
B0000029DD|5.0|Probably one of the best poets of our time virtually goes unrecognized by the media.  By this album alone you can tell how much of a beautiful man Buckley was.  We should all feel like the luckiest people in the world to  have been blessed with his &quot;GRACE&quot;
B00000IOSU|1.0|I really think her music could be a whole lot better than this....This is probably the worst  among my Sarah Mclaghlan collection.
0780626494|5.0|My family and I went to see &quot;Blast From The Past&quot; 3 times while in theatrical release.  It was funny, heartwarming and depicted good family values. I held Brendan Fraser's character of Adam up to my daughter as  &quot;the kind of guy her Dad and I would like to see her bring home&quot;.  Fraser as Adam, Christopher Walken &amp; Sissy Spacek as his parents and  Dave Foley as his new found friend were all tremendous and very, very  funny! Alicia Silverstone turned out a fine performance as well. There are  scenes in &quot;Blast From The Past&quot; at which I laughed so hard I  could hardly breathe.  The moment I found it was out on DVD I raced to my  favorite store, Amazon.com, to order our family copy.  Hope we don't wear  the DVD out!  Looking for a truly entertaining film that's worth popping  the popcorn and gathering the family around for a terrific evening of movie  watching?  You'll find it with &quot;Blast From The Past&quot;!
B000002C25|5.0|Be Here now is the best cd ever made.  This cd exploits Oasis's musical talent to the fullest with tracks like &quot; D' You Know What I Mean &quot; and &quot;All Around The World&quot;.  Every song on this cd could  be in the #1 spot on Billboard.  Noel Gallagher's musical mastery is shown  in the combination of orchestra and rock in &quot;All Around The  World&quot; and &quot;All Around The World(Reprise)&quot;.  This cd is a  must for all oasis and Beatles fans.
B00000IAU3|5.0|Excellent CD. I bought this CD after reading an excellent review in TIME mag. Dido's voice is very beautiful, the entire CD is a pleasure to listen to.I truly enjoyed it.
B00000J7JO|5.0|This new album is amazing. The RHCP have such an amazing style. They cannot be categorized by their first albums. They are able to switch the sound of their music and still have a wonderful album. Their other works  are also excellent, but Californication is just amazing. Buy it now!
B00000JCB2|5.0|Limp Bizkit is the best band of any kind out there. They are making awesome songs with awesome lyrics. You better get to know and love limp bizkit because they are going to be making phat beats for a long time.  Rap-metal is defined by limp bizkit. I love this cd.
0385491026|5.0|Cat's Eye remains one of the best works of modern literature I've read.  Elaine's life, particularly her childhood experiences, is almost frighteningly familiar.  Anyone who has contact with children needs to  remember this: Little girls are only cute and little to grown-ups.  To each  other, they are life sized.  Margaret Atwood has an uncanny grasp of the  pre-adolescent experience with all its terrors.
6304493681|5.0|This is a very well done anime, and the DVD format really enhances the animation, and the extras are pretty cool. Some people might find the film boring because it is not nonstop action and the plot may be confusing.  These people probably should not be watching this film anyway, as it  appeals to a more intelligent audience. If you are looking for mindless  violence, I suggest looking for something along the lines of Fist of the  North Star. I strongly recommend Ghost in the Shell to those looking for an  anime that makes you think, and still contains some cool action scenes.  Before my 1,000 words are up, I would suggest watching the movie subtitled  to better understand the story.
B000002URV|5.0|This CD is an exceptional blend of sensuality and power.  It reaches deep into your soul and makes you realize that there is a better place.  All you have to do is close your eyes and let it carry you away to it.
0767802772|5.0|This is one of my favorite movies- Salma Hayek and Matthew Perry are wonderful and very talented.  I loved the scenery and the cultural touches.  The story is great and every scene is wonderful. I had to own this movie,  even though I rented it countless times.  All that is missing is the  Soundtrack! I want it!!
6304466498|5.0|It's a hillarious parody of Star Wars. A few of the funniest lines ever said are in this movie. I unfourtunately was drinking while watching this movie. (I'm never gonna get the terrible smell out of my couch.)
B000002572|5.0|First, I want to mention that this is a neutral review.  I think that the self-titled Boston album is and all ways will be the best and most memorable.  With songs like More Than A Feeling, Peace of Mind, and  Smokin', you get the best Boston has to offer.  I highly suggest this  recording.
B000001GS3|5.0|There is tough competition for the best recording of 'Macbeth', but for me the combination of Abbado's explosive and rhythmically taut way with the score and Shirley Verrett's tour de force as Lady Macbeth give this one the  edge. Verdi famously maintained he wanted a 'she devil' in the role of Lady  Macbeth, and it is a role that has been essayed by both sopranos and  mezzos, with varying success. Fiorenza Cossotto (in the rival EMI Muti  version) has more idiomatic Italian and forward projection, but sounds  generalized and rantingly melodramatic besides this much subtler  performance. The variety of tone colours Verrett produces is awesome - the  duet with Macbeth (a more than usually involved Piero Cappuccilli) is a  locus classicus of opera as theatre. She has the heft and volume when  needed (I don't understand the gramophone critic's reservation about  Verrett's top notes - they ring out thrillingly) and yet produces an  extraordinary performance of the Sleepwalking scene that once heard, haunts  the memory - complete with perfectly placed pianissimo top Db. Cappuccilli  sings with burnished tone and is suitably histrionic in the Banqueting  scene, though not as alert to nuance as Giuseppe Taddei on the Schippers  set (alas not recommendable, despite a strong performance from Birgit  Nilsson, as it is a Schippers edition with perfectly idiotic cuts, snipping  away at some of Verdi's revised moments.) No this is the one to have,  Domingo and Ghiaurov give strong support, Abbado's way with the music, from  the rum-ti-tum witches and the ballet to the Lady Macbeth scenas and  pre-murder duet with Macbeth, the dark heart of this uneven but fascinating  score, is fervent and Toscanini-like in its precision, and above all  Verrett's mesmerizing performance give this one the palm. It's a classic of  the gramophone, buy it, a bargain at mid-price.
B00000K19E|5.0|Philosophical and action-packed: Alice-in-Wonderland on Terminator steroids meets Jackie Chan in a dark alley with the Men in Black! This cyber-punk nightmare is a refreshingly complex twist on classic  anti-Utopian science fiction...cool and deep, this flick has it all...I  just can't wait for the sequel!   - LL in HK
0671015206|2.0|Although I found some of the facts presented in the book interesting, this is yet another advice book that should have appeared as a magazine article.  It's all just standard advice: don't spend a lot of money, drive a cheap  car, penny-pinch, get a job that pays.  Then after a number of years,  you'll have some money.<br />What I personally found amusing was the overall  mentality of the book that says having money and not spending it is better  than having money and spending it too.  This strikes me as reasonable  advice in a world where the future is very uncertain, but in a growth  economy this only serves to put the breaks on said growth, creating a  self-fulfilling prophecy.  And that with the added problem of spending your  life living meagerly.<br />I don't plan to follow the advice of the book,  i.e., sell wallboard (boring), go on cheap vacations (boring), drive a  cheap car (single women really like that in a man), and eat thin gruel for  dinner (ok, they didn't go that far).  If having money is important to you,  I'd advise focusing on your career so you can make a lot of money, spend a  fair amount of money and still save a million.<br />On a more serious note, I  know many first generation immigrants who tend to follow this book's  advice.  However, their children tend to be as self-centered and frivolous  with money as any of the people whose parents were more free-spending and  free-spirited.
B000002ADT|4.0|kind of blue is a masterful talent of great jazz musicans. but miles gives better vibes when he is playing with marcus miller.
B000000W5N|5.0|That's all I can say. If you need more, read all of the five star reviews that follow this post. Great from the very beginning to the very end.
0671004107|3.0|This is one of those rare occasions where I actually liked the movie better than the book, though not by much.  Most other times movies have been based on books, the movies have come across as complete trash - the  plot not what it had been in the novel.  This time, the *basics* of the  plot stayed the same, although there were some changes made for the  movie.<br />Overall, I did like it, but as the summing line said:  I could  have done without the ending.
068484267X|4.0|If you can appreciate one of the most brilliantly written stories of the 20th century, you will like this book.  If you have ever laughed, ever cried, you will like this book.
6304119046|4.0|Is Citizen Kane the greatest movie ever? For its time indeed, and even now, arguably. The question is whether you think it is. For some, it is a movie thats disconnected with the public. Movies like Schindler's List and  Saving Private Ryan, or Gone with the Wind, have this  &quot;connection&quot; to the audience that almost forces them to feel the  essense of the movie. I prefer movies that appeal an audience, not a bunch  of critics who don't eat a Mc.Donalds and drive Hondas. Those critics have  their opinions, the public has theirs. It is a good, movie, yes it is a  great movie. And to some it may even be the greatest ever made. But of  course thats just an opinion. I think there are movies that do things  better. If you want to see a good movie, see Red Violin, Shine, Forrest  Gump, Saving Private Ryan, Schindler's List, or Starwars or something. But  Citizen Kane is one of those movies that you must see, not just hear about,  to believe. See the movie, THEN make an opinion, not vice-versa.
0151003084|5.0|I purchased this book after realizing that Edward Gorey was the wonderfully sinister artist behind the scary illustrations in most of the books by John Bellairs.  What a pleasant (yet disturbing) surprise it was  to see the alphabet written in such a memorably deranged way.  The shock  value alone of this book is great (just imagine an elementary school  teacher handing this one out!!!) If you can appreciate anything sick and  twisted and if you like any form of dark illustrations get everything ever  drawn by Mr. Edward Gorey!!!!!!
0375707972|5.0|Mr. Schlink creates lasting portraits of two characters of amazing depth.  Although I finished his story some time ago, it is etched in my mind and I return to it ever so often.  Here, I am moved by the loss, the hope, the  experiences of Michael and Hanna.  This novel transcends the history which  creates it.  It captures the very essence of the human spirit.  A beautiful  read.
B00000J8EK|1.0|The Chemical Brothers have three things going for them; 1.They picked a cool name that the media likes 2.They are hyped by MTV 3.One Brother has funny glasses. That's it.This new CD is dull lifeless and boring it blazes  no new ground nor is it inventive or fun in any manner. I got the  impression that this was a soundtrack for a car commerical. DULL.
0446604844|1.0|Baldacci must have a lot of close personal friends. There is no other way to explain a positive review of this book. Bad character development, rediculous plot, poor (if any) research.
6304613199|1.0|In '96 or '97 I had to do a book report for school.  The book that I choose was The Lost World: Jurassic Park, it was a great book.  However when I heard that were turning it into a movie I was excited.  Then I saw  the movie comercials, and I noticed that there were at least a hundred more  people in it than the book, they probably didn't talk or any thing but  needless to say I was dissapointed.  So that pretty much decided for me  that I wouldn't see it in the theatres.  I came out on video, I reluclently  decided to rent, I started watching it with low expectations, but it was  worse then I coud ever of imagined.  First of all Malcom had no daughter,  he was never married or otherwise.  Secondly there was no team sent to  capture the dinosaurs, the people that were there were three Italian  mobsters that had been paid to retrive eggs for some scientist guy, they  died.  And last but not least, third, more than one kid stowed away in the  trailer it was actually two seventh graders who Levin (Vince Vaughn I  think) was forced to teach in Palo Alto because he was going 70 in a school  zone. The Lost World came off like a bunch of CGI's thrown together to  apease the absent minded 10 and 11 year olds just to buy sell the toys.   The first was a marvel, that made me think and hope the people would win.   The second was a disaster that Steven Spielberg should be ashmed of, but  he's not, because he got paid.
B00000JBCP|5.0|Let's talk about what they ARE.  Mana is the best band current.  On this CD they don't back off- they do all of their most socially relevant songs -- about the burning of the rain forest, teenage pregnancy, street  children, political prisoners, yet also include their most romantic ballads  about lost love.  I don't see how anyonone can complain about this album.   Plus, it's live ( if not COMPLETELY &quot; unplugged&quot;, it does include  a lot of acoustics)  Sorry-- it is a MUST have.
0440224764|5.0|When I finished the book I thought that it was very short and I wanted it continue farther ( perhaps because of sad ending ). Excellent thriller. It is a must read for all Grisham fans.
0679746048|5.0|This book was great. It almost made me believe that I suffered from borderline personalitly.
6305388458|5.0|Such a funny film,   from the women being stoned,  and Brian getting locked up in jail and being called a lucky bast***  because he was spit on.  The men in the jail too 'we've got lumps of it out the back'.  Then the  end with the always look on the bright side of life (or death).   Such a  cool film.  EXCELLENT
006109594X|3.0|I read this book after reading Kilo Class. Enjoyed the characters that I already had known from the author's second book. It was slow at times just as Kilo class but think it would be an entertaining movie if the ending was  &quot;spiced&quot; up (see next paragraph).<br />The ending was somewhat  un-climactic which was disappointing. Since I read Kilo class first which  had a dull ending, I was hoping Nimitz class would have had more  &quot;fireworks&quot; in the end. However, it was an interesting twist at  the end, that the antagonist got away leaving me wondering if Ben Adnam  would appear again. <br />The book is entertaining because: the plot is   interesting; the characters have thier own grit if you use your imagination  a bit; and makes you wonder if something like this could really happen.<br />I  do not think this is a five star book. However, the people who gave the  disertations on why it should get one or zero stars seem to have too much  time on their hands and probably read way to much (there is such a thing).  <br />Patrick Robinson does deserve some credit for his efforts. Remember that  this book is only fiction, takes place in the near possible future and  should not have to be totally historically and militarily correct.
0884271536|4.0|I felt the book was written very well.  I was left wanting more of an explination of the other areas in which TOC can be used.  Such as the example at the end of the book where TOC is used in the accounting world.
6301562143|5.0|This is a CLASSIC!! Tim Burton's direction combines the dark world of Gotham City, the comic book, and a awesome cast with the ONE and ONLY BATMAN, Michael Keaton with an equally creepy performance by Jack Nicholson  as THE JOKER. I've loved this movie ever since I first saw it! If you've  ever loved comic books and Batman, I wonder why YOU haven't seen this movie  yet!
630417893X|5.0|Audrey Hepburn is MAGNIFICENT! What a great actress she was! Rex Harrison is perfect. The whole cast is wonderful, the sets and costumes are superb, the story(of course!)is brilliant, and the music is the best. And Marni  Nixon sang Eliza's songs beautifully! One of the great musical films of all  time.
B00000K19E|5.0|Carried by the strong performances of Lawrence Fishburne and Carrie-Anne Moss, as well as the technically innovative and artistically brilliant special effects, the Matrix is by far the best film of 1999.  Great  supporting performances by Joe Pantoliano as the sarcastic defector and  Hugo Weaving as the over-enunciating Agent Smith counterbalance Keanu  Reeves lack of any personality.<br />If you see one film this year, see the  Matrix.
6300246787|4.0|I'm a Streisand fan, but I think that Carol Channing would have been better as Dolly. However, Barbra is surprisingly good. If you forget that she is too young for the role, you will be impressed by her brilliantly  funny performance. Her duet with the great Louis Armstrong is fabulous! The  scene where she's feeding Walter Matthau beets is a scream. A really good  movie! (I've seen Channing on stage-she is the perfect Dolly-5 stars!)
B00000K19E|5.0|1999 will be remembered for three films - The Phantom Menace, Eyes Wide Shut and The Matrix. The Matrix is everything that the Phantom Menace isn't - well written, well acted, well directed and clever. Yes there are some  rather large plot holes but if you can suspend your disbelief then this is  nothing but EXCELLENT. This is one of the few movies that hasn't made me  start to look at my watch towards the end hoping it would finish.  While  watching this film nothing else enters your mind but the story - not  ex-girlfriends - not troublesome friends - not the annoying sod next to you  telling you that he has the same computer as Neo - absolutely NOTHING!!  This, along with Ghostbusters, will certainly become a DVD must buy.
0800141385|5.0|This movie is a masterpiece, and Streisand is brilliant
006016848X|1.0|Let's give Dr. Grey credit  for at least one thing. Feminists have told us for 30 years that men and women are the same; now Dr. Grey assures us that men and women are actually different or from Mars and Venus respectively.  He certainly deserves much credit for this amazing one man  counter-revolution. He has said that the huge success of his book is in  large part due to the pent up demand for the truth that  feminists have  denied us during a very important period of rapid social change.    But,  from there Dr. Grey gets very very simplistic and repetitive. For example,  his most famous example of what to do to make a relationship work is for  the woman to let the man go in his cave(TV room) and not nag him to come  out. Gray claims this is natural behavior for men who need to rest and  brood and plan after a day of hunting or working. Similarly men should  understand that it is natural for a woman to seek out contact, affiliation,  and affection after her day. But, there is no solution here. Men are more  likely to feel reinforced about going into their caves even longer and  women are likely to be even more demanding about their needs. &quot;The 91%  Factor&quot; goes way beyond this simplicity by suggesting specific ways  men and women can trade behaviors so each gets what he wants. Further, it  deals mostly with the way each approaches sex  which after all is far and  away the most significant difference between men and women that must be  taken into account if a heterosexual relationship is to succeed.
6303415571|4.0|I'm a big Yes fan since the early 70s, the video of a concert during 1973 is excellant especially the guitar work of Steve Howe, he improvised quite often from the regular playing on CDs, I was even more impressed with him  than before.  A must for Yes fans!
B000002LQD|5.0|This is among the best Lou Reed CDs ever. Reed is a poet using a musical background. The lyrics here are on a par with the best Dylan and the very best Cohen. The music is pure R&amp;R - simple, angry, energetic - mixed to  very mellow tunes, just aimed at accompanying Reed's voice. While others  have indulged in pop operas and symphonies (usually quite tacky pieces of  music), Reed has invented a genre, the Rock &amp; Roll requiem, that is  more sober than the original. In this CD and in &quot;Songs for  Drella&quot; he understands and sings the mystery of death like no one  else.
6301942647|5.0|I rented the movie based on the front and back cover back in 90 or 91. Immediately purchased the video and watch it 2-3 times a year.  I consider this film a 'top-10' forever.
B000002H5I|5.0|I love this CD tracy belts out the first three songs and gets you excited then she melts your heart with lovely slower songs. This is probably my favorite album by any female singer-song writer. get it and I know you'll  like it and maybe fall in love with it. Only someone with no idea of what  great music is could knock this. I love &quot;baby can I hold you&quot; as  well what a great song.
6303313345|5.0|The picture and sound quality are the best I've seen so far on a DVD disk. The picture is incredibly clear. Wonderful performances by the entire cast, espicially Jamie Lee Curtis and Auh-nold. Incredible special effects that  look flawless. Great fun, great script, great characters, great story, and  fabulous special effects make this movie a home run!
0790731452|4.0|This movie is a comedy. OK, a dark comedy. But it's intended to be funny. You have to have a sense of humor to enjoy it. It's definitely not 5 star material, but as far as a dark comedy, I think 4 stars is fair. If you like  the mix of sci-fi, spoof, comedy, and big name cameos, you will enjoy this  film. Honest!
014028009X|2.0|It was an  easy read but did not hold my interest.  In fact after reading this book only days before I could hardly remember enough to discuss at book club.  A taped interview by the author was the most interesting part  of the evening.  As a 40's something there was very little I could relate  too.  In fact at times I wanted to shake Bridget and say-wake up there is a  REAL world out there--find it.
B00000FCBC|5.0|I have always thought Metallica's precursors to this CD, Load and Unload, were similar to Guns 'N' Roses' &quot;Use Your Illusion I &amp; II&quot; being that there were some goodies on both albums but overall, they were  rather weak. But 'Tallica delivered an album chock-full of goodness with  Garage Inc. Strong points are &quot;Whiskey in the Jar&quot;,  &quot;Astronomy&quot;, &quot;Turn the Page&quot;, and &quot;Tuesday's  Gone&quot;. James is at his best here, redeeming himself for lackluster  performances on Load an Reload (especially the former). And disc two is  also very strong, with a nice throw back to Metallica's earlier years and  many current concert favs, such as Last Caress and So What.
6302516919|3.0|I read the book before I saw the film and was a bit disappointed.  The movie skipped over a lot of the main theme - the fact that Arnie, as well as going insane, was turning into the cars previous owner, Mr LeBay.  There  was a lack of substance to the film but it's still worth watching to see  the car rebuild itself from a heap of mangled metal.  If you like the film,  you'll love the book even more.
B00000099Y|2.0|very disappointed. Undertow is still my favorite. This album is overplayed too much, because it is their first album in years.
B000002LPD|5.0|This CD kinda reminds me of the good 'ol days when Dave was at the mike.  I believe what makes this CD stand out is Ted Templeton.  It has kinda a rough edge to it like the older VH releases, and let's face it, the rough  edge is what made VH.  Eddie's guitar work sounds great here, not overdone  like I sometimes hear on other releases.  I never got the last VH and from  the few tracks I've heard I don't believe I will, but I don't think Cherone  is the problem, I just think they need to hire Templeton and put out a  plain ol' hard driving CD.  If not, I fear the end of VH is near.
B0000064TT|5.0|I seen these guys in a little bar in NJ some time ago. if you like great guitar, the dregs are it!
B000002N9L|5.0|This album rocks.  I like to play it for my friends who think Prince just makes dance records. They are blown away when they hear this because there is just so damn much good guitar work from the man.
B00000K19E|3.0|i think the matrix is not as good as everyone says. there are many unlogical things in the plot. what's the reason why the computers generate an artifical world for their &quot;humanbodyslaves&quot;? why they don't  keep the bodys alive without any brain activity? they would have less  problems...
B00000BKDV|4.0|It was not for &quot;Sun and Steel&quot; and &quot;Quest for Fire&quot;, this CD would be perfect. Drummer Nicko McBrain added much needed technique to the band (although he has a less powerful approach to drumming than  ex-drummer Clive Burr). Very good, any Maiden fan has to have it.
B00000K19E|5.0|1999 has been a disappointing year for me movie wise. EVERY movie that I have been looking foward to this year has been one let down after another(Star Wars ep.1,Wing Commander,Godzilla,The Avengers,The list goes  on and on). All of these movies just seem to hype the special effects only  and not have a good story. Well The Matrix is the only exception for me(so  far). The Matrix was the only movie this year that I was looking foward to  seeing that actually gave me what I went in for.....A GREAT MOVIE!! Yes it  has fantastic special effects, but is has more. It has an excellent story,  great cast, I even liked Keanu Reeves acting in this film, which is rare  for me!The Matrix feels like a live action Japanimation film. If you are a  fan of anime films like &quot;Wicked City&quot; and &quot;Ghost in the  Shell&quot;, I think you will like this film. It has the same style and  feel of these animated movies. The Matrix gives me hope that maybe  Hollywood is able to release a science fiction that not only has great  special effects, but also give us a story that doesn't insult someone with  an IQ above room temp. I decided while I was watching this film in the  theater(which I saw several times), that as soon as The Matrix hits the  shelves, I'm buying it!
B000006ZPY|3.0|Nobody ever said that, in the Born Again years, Tony Iommi had lost his touch with the guitar. No way. He even sounds better and better. THe point is that Sabbath is no more a band, only a name to Iommi's career keep  going, and that's a shame. So, even if Iommi continues to writing wonderful  stuff (like &quot;NightWing&quot; and Kill in the Spirit World&quot;, they  don't sound &quot;honest&quot;, to say the least.
B000003TAW|5.0|Weezer is the best group ever you cant get sick of there music.  i dont have there Pinkerton or whatever but if you have it and dont want it email me and we will make a deal. Weezer is a 10 star group every body should  listen to them. i listen to them 247 there great go buy the cd Weezer  poeple its great take it from a true Weezer fan also buy there other cd its  great to. Weezer should make an other cd so Weezer if you are reading this  make a new one more like Weezer not like pinkerton oh and ladies email me  for a great time later Weezer fans.
B000002KET|5.0|Talking about who is the mostly influent band of metal of all times? Who created the guitar riif-orientated heavy metal? Just listen to it.
B000000W5L|5.0|Simply put....this is the best rock and roll recording ever!  The rawness, raucousness, and bluesy energy of the Stones in their prime is the way all rock and roll should sound.  Bury me with a copy of Exile on Main Street  next to John Lee Hooker in Keith Richards back yard and paint a smile on my  face!
B00000BKE1|2.0|Dickinson, always aware of what is going on in the muscial scenario, quited at the right time. What is this on this album? Mediocre, horrible songs like &quot;Wasted Love&quot;,  &quot;The Apparition&quot;, mescled  with the classic tittle track. Guitarrist Jannick Gers added almost nothing  to the band, and the reflect is this.
0553062182|5.0|If you're ready to learn about HSP's, Elaine Aron is ready to teach. The author shares her professional experiences and puts herself out there for the reader's benefit. It's obvious that she has learned much from her own  study. She doesn't present herself as an &quot;expert.&quot; She is simply  sharing what she has discovered. My wife and I read it together and found  more ways to make our 34-year marrige even better.
B000001FB6|5.0|LEt's face it: when Ian Gillan sings, other singles seem like childrenin comparison!!! This return of the classic DEEp Purple formation is great, amazing, fantastic,actual!! Buy it now!
1563894270|5.0|The Long Halloween is one of my favorite additions to the Batman canon.  It is an intriguing mystery that fleshes out the early years of the careers of Batman, Commissioner Gordon (here Captain Gordon), and District Attorney  Harvey Dent.  The story focuses on the efforts of these three men of  justice to bring down the criminal empire of Carmine &quot;The Roman&quot;  Falcone, a character who made his debut in Frank Miller's Batman: Year One.   Over the year that the story spans, our heroes are being aided in this  endeavor by a mysterious killer who murders a victim of the Falcone family  around each of the major holidays.  Also during this time, many of the  members of Batman's rogues' gallery show up to make plays of their own.   The writer/artist team of Jeph Loeb and Tim Sale is one of the best  currently working in the comics field.  Loeb's writing comes closer to  letting the reader into Batman's mind than most, but still keeps the  distance that the character demands.  The Falcone family is portrayed as a  pretty stereotypical mafia family.  If you are a fan of the Godfather  films, you will find plenty of homages/thefts to those works here, right  from the opening panel.  But they serve the purpose of providing fodder for  the holiday killer.  It's what Loeb does with Harvey Dent that makes this  book.  Two-Face, for me, was always an interesting idea for a villain, but  always came across, oddly enough, rather one-dimensionally.  By having a  story that is set before Dent's transformation, Loeb is not constrained by  the &quot;Number 2&quot; modus operandi the character is inevitably saddled  with.  Dent here is more like the Han Solo character.  Cocky and  unintimidated by anyone, he's so much more fun to read here it almost makes  me wish we could throw continuity out the door and pretend he never got  that acid thrown in his face.  What Alan Moore did for the Joker in The  Killing Joke, Jeph Loeb does for Two-Face here.  One more thing about the  writing:  Loeb knows when to write and when to let Tim Sale's beautiful  artwork tell the story.  So sometimes there are several pages with little  or no words.  The murders, for example, are all presented in complete  silence, which is just as it should be.  As for the art, Tim Sale provides  some of the best representations of the Batman characters I've ever seen.   His work is slightly stylistic on the &quot;normal&quot; characters, and  wildly exaggerated on the &quot;supervillains&quot;, but without making the  characters look like they belong in separate books.  Sale's Batman is the  definitive one for me, and his version of the Joker second only to Brian  Bolland's.  Added to this is his expert use of shading and page layouts  that look like scenes from movies.  Absolutely top-notch stuff.  If you  only buy comics for the pictures, this book is still worth the money.  But  I'd recommend reading it too.
B00000BKE0|2.0|Sure, this is Iron Miaden. It has all there: the epic one (Mother Russia), the fast-paced opener (Tailgunner), the Dave Murrays compositions (Public Enemy Number One; Fates Warning, the working-song (Holy Smoke). The only  trouble is: Adrian Smith is gone. This new guitar player, Jannick Gers, an  acomplished musician, doesnt fit into Iron. Even if he has a lot of  energy, hes not technical at all, his solos are simply not  quite good  enough, ugly and embarassed and noisy, no creativity at all! This CD marks  the end of an era and the beginning of another which, we all know, is not  better than before...
B000005KFI|5.0|I've been a w.a.s.p fan for years and then I heard this album. With Blackie Lawless playing everything except the drums, with his awesome voice to boot, Crimson Idol is an unforgettable story. From the thunder of  Titanic Overture, to the hypnotizing vocals of the ballad Hold on to My  Heart, and the conclusion of The Great Misconceptions of Me which refuses  the listener to ignore his pain and heed his warnings of being famous. This  album is for every metal head to listen to, since most of us can understand  what he's saying about wanting to be the Crimson Idol of a million eyes.
6301963911|5.0|It's amazing that after 22 years, this film still holds up.  I guess that's why it's truly a classic.  A new generation needs to see material like this.  And they probably will when the 25th anniversary edition comes  out.  In the meantime, they'll have to deal with the Woody wannabees.
B00000J8EK|5.0|Great Cd, I definintly recomend it..
068484267X|5.0|This was a great book.  I couldn't put it down and I have told others to read it too.  McCourt did a wonderful job of telling his life story.  Very descriptive and honest.  It tells of how the times were in Ireland during  American depression and of the prejudicies within Ireland itself.  A great  memoir.
B00000J7RZ|4.0|Jennifer Lopez's &quot;On the 6&quot; relies on two major groups of songs -- ballads and dance songs.  In every song, however, latin insinuations can be found.  JL has created an album of popular style of music while  continuing with the new trend of latin beat.  Excellent album with a broad  range and something for everyone.  Too bad more songs aren't entirely in  Spainsh, however.
B00000J7J4|5.0|As any great musician evolves over time, I think that Santana is continually evolving in his music. I liked most of the songs on Supernatural except the Rap Songs and that is only because I am not into  Rap.  I think that this album reflects &quot;The Vintage Santana&quot; and  more!  I would recommend it to any fan of Santana!
B000002V0Q|5.0|I'll admit it up-front: I'm no metal fan.  But I love this album!  The guitar work is amazing, the vocals are good, not fingernails on the blackboard like some other metal albums I've heard.  If you're already a  fan, you don't need my advice, but if you just want to have something heavy  in your diverse collection, this is the album to have!  You won't regret  it!
B000002UWF|5.0|The Louis Prima Collectors Series is simply one of the best collections of music ever.  Every song on the disc is a classic. The recording and performances are second to none, Prima is surrounded by Sam Butera on  saxaphone(and awesome lead volcals on there'll be no next time),the  wonderful voice of Keeley Smith on several numbers, and a host of great  musicians.  Anyone who  likes music will love this CD.
B00000IQBM|5.0|This movie scared me to death.  Jack Nicholson is very convincing as a madman.  Just think of being stuck in an empty hotel on top of a mountain, in the middle of a snowstorm, with a crazed killer.  It's everybody's worst  nightmare.  My brother couldn't sleep after seeing this one.
0553277472|5.0|If Zen can be defined as anything, it is a technique for shattering illusions, and this book shatters a lot of them that have shaped our society.  The ideas that most Americans think of as common sense often were  first promulgated by some long dead philosopher, like Aristotle, and were  accepted by most people only after decades or centuries of conflict and  debate. One of the most important things that Buddhism in general and Zen  in particular teaches is that language is only a tool, that words  themselves are at best approximations of what we are trying to describe or  to convey, and that we need to remember that in everyday life.  Human  language can never accurately describe any absolute, universal truths.  It  only follows that anyone who claims to be able to fully describe how the  world works is full of excrement and should not be followed.  Pirsig knows  this, and never says he knows how to explain it all, and readers who want  to have it all explained are going to be disappointed or even angry.  His  defense of the Sophists comes 2000 years too late, but it is the best one  I, who once actually studied Greek philosophy in depth, have ever  encountered. At the same time, Pirsig recognizes the benefits we have  reaped from Platonic and Aristotelian logic, such as the Renaissance, the  Enlightenment, the scientific method, the internal combustion powered  engine,  and technology in general.  This book certainly doesn't trash  technology, it just points out that technology is another set of tools to  make life easier for us although sometimes we screw up how we use it, just  like we screw up when we think we can explain God or Absolute Truth or the  Ultimate Whatever with any accuracy. We can only do the best we can, and  Phaedrus does, as does his son. To all of the critics of this book, what is  wrong with that?
6304675348|5.0|I'm am a horror movie fanatic, and thought I was tough enough to sit through anything.  However, in the opening scene in Scream with Drew Barrymore, I was tempted to run out of the theater.  It was so terrifying!   Neve Campbell was terrific in her role, as was Courtney Cox as the  cut-throat newswoman always looking to get a good story.  I'd recommend it  to anyone who loves horror movies!
B00000JPH5|5.0|I love this movie.  It is...perfect for a romantic, fantasy lover like me.  David Bowie, as Jareth, touched my heart with his music, kissed my soul with his eyes, caressed my body with his...dark, romantic voice.  The girl  he fell for reminded me of myself: A gal who longed for eternal love and  freedom.  I...adore this movie.  Sure, David Bowie looks like his teeth r  rotten, but, his smile is still sexy.
630508999X|3.0|As far as sequels go, this movie was okay, but it was not nearly as good as the original.  Hollywood should stop making sequels and give audiences what they hunger for, more originals.
078322706X|5.0|I figured this movie would be different because the concept is unusual.  Never did I expect it to be so entertaining.  It's quirky, eirie, comical, mysterious, sensitive, joyful and romantic.  So many emotions wrapped up in  a story is uncommon for movies these days.<br />The movie starts out focusing  on Hopkins health and upcoming death as announced by death himself.   However, the story isn't about dying.  Rather it emphasizes death as a  character who wants to experience what life is all about.  The spotlight  shifts to death (Pitt) as the central character and all the experiences he  encounters during his three day vacation living with Bill (Hopkins) and  falling in love with his daughter.<br />People who criticize this picture  often target Pitt as the reason for their dissatisfaction.  Well he is the  central character and it's a role that's not seen in movies so who's to say  how it should be played?  Complaining about Pitt's performance is really a  complaint against the director's and writers' judgement as to how the role  should be portrayed.  Brad is certainly delivering a performance with his  own creativity and talent, but the director ultimately has the say as to  what is shown in the movie.  This movie was shot with hundreds of takes for  some scenes, so you know the director is being very particular about what  the audience sees.  Personally I believe that Pitt's performance was the  best he's done to date.  But there is so much more to this movie than Brad  Pitt -- The music and story is fantastic.  The acting and cinematography  are first rate.  With all these things going for it why would anyone  complain about it being three hours long.  This is the best movie I've  seen.  It would be hard to top &quot;Meet Joe Black&quot;.
0553573403|5.0|This first book of A Song of Fire And Ice shattered all my preconcieved notions that I had grown so used to in other mainstream fantasy writers...Inspite of my expansive reading in this genre, I have yet to find  a story by Salvatore, Brooks, Anthony, or even Robert Jordan's epic Wheel  of time,(of which I have undying esteem) that has suprised me so much.  Characters that seem to die and come back to life as credible plot twists,  multiple antagonistic groups, subplots that are easy to grasp and yet  myriad. I look forward to reading this story through to the end...I just  hope it has a happy one.
0425152251|5.0|From the moment I picked up &quot;Sophie's World&quot; I fell completely in love with it.  I am just 14, and don't quite understand everything in it, which makes each time I read it more exciting than the last.  The book  is filled with suspense and surprise.  Not only is the story line  excellent, but I feel that it has changed the way I look at my life and my  surroundings.  This excellent introduction to philosophy has caught my  interest so much that I have started reading even more philisophical books.   This book was a present from my father, and one I will never forget.  I  made my mother, father, and grandparents all read it.  So far, it has been  a huge success in my family.  Not only do I feel that I have learned a lot  from &quot;Sophie's World,&quot; but the important thing is that it has  made me want to know more and more!
B000002E5J|5.0|Es un gran disco, incluso a mi hermano, quien es un rockero radical, logr inyectarle un poco de pop, rock, regge, y ritmos latinos que se mezclan en este disco al punto de ser fantico de Shakira. Por mi parte estoy segura  de que es la mejor representante de la msica latinoamericana, y por lo  tanto es un orgullo para topdos los nacidos en latinoamrica y los  latinoamericanos de corazn.
0316926345|5.0|There is a reason this book was made into a mini-series in England -- it's a classic.  No long-winded review is necessary to impart what is important: the novel is surely one of the best-written stories ever.  Waugh's use of  language is astonishing.  His ability to paint a scene and a mood is also a  learning experience for all would-be writers.  The story itself is  captivating, a glimpse into the inner-workings of a rich Catholic family in  decline and one man who comes under its spell.  These characters are  unforgettable, a testament to Waugh as a writer and an artist.
B0000039LE|5.0|Jamie Lee Curtis is wonderful in this classic thriller.  Halloween is one of the best horror films ever made!
0553108034|5.0|Again Martin does a fantastic job of roughing up contemporary epic fantasy. Constant suprises and unavoidable suspense have made this a rightful heir to A Game of Thrones. I hope this dynasty plays out to a  wonderful twilight.
B000003TAR|2.0|Wake up, people!  Nirvana were destined to bargain bin heaven with this album, before...well, you know what happened. Everybody is so blinded by the hype that surrounds this band that they can't think for themselves.   This album is okay, but does it really deserve 5-star status from over 80  Amazon reviewers?    I understand if you need time to think about that  one--but THINK!  <br />Hey, put down that copy of Spin!
078401213X|1.0|This is the worst movie of all time.  The only way it could have been worse is to have been longer.
B0000020C4|3.0|I rather watch the video. The recording is good, but gets rather tiresome upon repeat listenings.   Colm Wilkinson isn't at his best, but still very good.  Ruthie Henshall is excellent.  So are Philip Quast, Michal Ball, and  Judy Kuhn.  Lea Salonga is also excellent, but he problem I have with her is that she concentrates too much on making her singing sound perfect  rather than sinning her heart out.  I have heard her sing \\"On My  Own\\" better.  Michael Maguire is pretty good., so is Allun Armstrong  (though his Thnardier is somewhat annoying!).  The only one who isn't too good is Jenny Galloway.  Her Mme. Thnardier is ineffective, flat and a two-dimensional cartoon character. Overall good, but buy the video first!
B00000K19E|5.0|geez with all the star wars hype you'd wouldve thought the movie CANT be that bad but huh.... To be fair, The Matrix isnt really a movie for children. But its the best scifi thriller of the year for us adults. Oh ya  and no Jar Jar.:)
B000002UY3|1.0|I really wanted to like this CD, but it really is dull.  I recommend any of their other albums for the casual listener (of which I am...obviously) and leave this one for die-hard fans only. My favorite thing about  &quot;She Hangs Brightly&quot; is the cover art--very creepy.
630018224X|5.0|I hate classics. I hate Robert Redford. That is, until I saw &quot;The Sting&quot;, the most entertaining classic I've ever watched. It was funny, cheerful, entertaining, and the acting was fantastic. Redford and Newman  had the perfect chemistry as a duo of stars, the mob-controlled streets of  the 30s was a wonderful setting for this light-hearted con film, and its  soundtrack, including &quot;The Entertainer&quot;, was without a doubt the  best ever! Not my favorite, but certainly in the Top Ten. See it. You'll  love it.
0930289234|5.0|This was my first review, and I think that it is time to redo it.  What can I say, youthful exuberance got the better of my.  Thing is, other than fixing the spelling and toning down some of the overstatements, I still believe \\"Watchmen\\" is one of the greatest stories I've read.  Aside from Neil Gaiman, Alan Moore is the best there is at what he does.  He created a thickly layered story out of a whole bunch different media to create an experience I was unable to escape.  The story, characters, and lessons I've learned from this book stay with me to this day.  Read it and and see what people who love graphic novels are talking about, and get in early on what could become a truly great movie if they can figure out just how to do it.
B000002BQK|1.0|if mariah worked a little more in her head than on her head she'd probably gain some proper respect as a musician. her music is all about fake love and she never writes anything smart. i don't believe she's ever made a song  that's worth listening to. what a bore.
0385484518|5.0|I can't give this book to enough people fast enough! Its a hard book to top. Not sure what to read next, without feeling disappointed
B000002BMV|5.0|I've been a Journey Fan for 20 years, and this album is still my favorite, very powerful lyrics, great harmonies.
B00000K19E|5.0|What can I say, I was brought up with watching action stars Jackie Chan and Jet Li, and to see that incorporated in the Matrix, it was a thrill ride.  Good plot, even though it isn't the first time a movie dealt with  realities and imaginations, it is quite original.  Keanu Reeves definitely  stepped up in his acting, Catherine Moss and Lawrence Fishburne are great  supporting casts (I wish they can return in the sequel!)  I thought the  ending was a little bit chessy, but it left the viewers wondering what  happens next.  Press released saying that it's been confirmed the 2 sequels  will be in production and will be released within 3 months of each other,  Keanu Reeves will be in those movies, but as for the rest of the casts its  still unknown.  Can't wait.
B000002OR4|5.0|What can I say about John Williams' work on this soundtrack? Schindler's List breaks all barriers with its unique tracks. I must admit that sometime I almost feel like crying because it brings back SO many memories from  Schindler's List and the basic life during WW2. From the greatest and most  memorable theme of all time, Remembrances (14) with Itzhak Perlman playing  the violin really gets to you. I'm one of the biggest soundtrack lovers  around, but never has a CD touched me the way Schindler's List changed me  &quot;forever&quot;... An ABSOLUTE must for everybody!
014028009X|4.0|Please don't spend time comparing this to &quot;Pride and Prejudice&quot;--enjoy this for what it is: a light-hearted look at being a 30-something Singleton in the 90s. I loved the part about regretting the  answering machine message. Who can't relate to that?
0440219078|5.0|The Giver is my favorite book. I liked how the author told thestory from Jonas's point of view and you found out things like colorwhen he did. The way it was written with phrases like &quot;precision of language&quot; and how everyone was &quot;a&quot; nine or &quot;a&quot; twelve that helped me understand the precise but dull way that things were done in their community. <br />When we read this book in the sixth grade our teacher asked us what Jonas meant in the end of the book when he was going on that last sled ride and and the book said &quot;I remember this place Gabe.&quot; and it was true. But it was not a thin and burdensome reccolection: this was different. This was something he could keep it was a memory of his own. We decided that it was refering to the dream that Jonas had just after he got that first memory of the sled ride and that he was traveling to the place that he could not get to in the dream. Many people said that they didn't like the endind. I did. It leaves room for your imagination that place where he was travellin to and had worked so hard to get to was there and welcoming them. It doesn't matter what that place was, only that he had made it there and that he would be o.k. and that maybe just maybe there was also music comeing from the community. Maybey just maybe the community had come to terms with themselves and were singing and maybe just maybe it was only an echo.<br />We also had to write sequals to the book for English. Many said that Jonas had died and gone to heaven. Others wrote about the place that he had travelled to. Some wrote about what it was like back in the community when they had to come to terms with themselves.In one story which I remember very well, the entere community went completly mad and a few went as far as to blame the Giver and they in their utter madness killed him. After that the community just destroyed itself.  The ending brings many posibilities and would not be so bad if you just thought about it.<br />I would not reccomend this book for anyone under 6th grade. Not because they couldn't understand it but because they wouldn't get as much out of it and because for some it could be overwhelming. Anyone who reads it will want to discussit later.<br />The Giver is a book that requires you to think. Requires you to use your imagination. You also have to feel whats going on. <br />I think that it deserves the Newberry medal that it got.
6304504039|5.0|I despise Madonna, to the point where I will leave the room if she's on TV.  So when I learned that she was to play Evita, I vowed never to see the movie.  Then the critics started praising her performance, and I decided to  go to see it at second run theater.  Not only was I thoroughly impressed by  her performance, the movie as a whole blew me away.  As I left the theater,  I turned to my wife, saying &quot;This is one to own&quot;.  If I could  give it 6 stars, I would
0723244049|5.0|Beatrix Potter wrote wonderful stories for children! All of the books do have a subtle moral- which is good, imho. Disobedient children are punished in some books- but this does not mean they are dark stories. Her stories  are so full of light, the children are not oppressed (in one story a young  bunny is spanked- this is only because he went somewhere he'd been told not  to b/c his life would be endangered).  All of her characters are full of  life and love- and so many stories portray great imaginative fun. Mrs.  Tiggy-Winkle is especially fun. <br /> These books are true English classics-  full of love for life and imagination.
B00000K19E|5.0|this is easily the best movie of the year.  cinematography is superb, script is thought-provoking, acting is graceful.  a winner.
0767802659|4.0|I couldn't give Starship Troopers 5 stars, no matter how much I really, REALLY wanted to (really), for reasons that most of the negative reviews have all ready covered.  Yes, devout Heinlein fans will be disappointed (as  I was) in the less than word for word transformation from novel to big  screen.  And yes, let's face it, &quot;Gone With the Wind&quot; it's not,  and no one could possibly have been surprised when none of the ensemble  cast were nominated for an Oscar for the performances that any of them  gave.  Still others objected to the &quot;fascist&quot; politics of S.T.'s  worldwide government.  But, personally speaking, this is the one aspect of  all the negatives written that I feel is full of something brown and  smelly.  Speaking as a veteran, I actually kind of liked the idea of the  rewarding of an elevated status and benefits equal to the sacrifices that  members of the armed forces were prepared to make in the service of their  country (a statement, I'm sure, that those possessing a more liberal bent  will find highly objectionable.)  But ultimately, Starship Troopers is  simply a high tech story of good versus evil; mankind fighting for its  survival against the alien insects bent on their extinction.  But after all  is said and done, this is a special effects movie.  After all of the  nay-saying, after all of the over-analyzing, the saviors of Starship  Troopers are the effects wizards who turned out some of the most amazing  special effects on film, either before or since.  Astounding enough, by  themselves, to easily rank a four star rating.
6301334523|5.0|One of my all time favorites - the dialogue is unbelievable!  Malkovich was a weird choice as Valmont the seducer but once you see the movie, you know seduction is in the attitude, not the face.  Devastating performances  (except by Keanu- he's more wooden than usual) - if you haven't seen this,  do so immediately!  Frears is one of the my favorite directors - I love his  tight, concise style.
B00000IOSU|5.0|I bought this album at Lilith Fair, and it serves as a reminder of how stunning a live performance can be.  There are subtle differences bewteen live and recorded versions of these songs.  You can hear interaction with  the crowd, and the music drawing on this.  I adore this album and highly  recommend it.
630512065X|5.0|Sunlight , I must wate for the sunlight ! Let the Memory -- and so on , made me feel sorry for Grizabella .In fact , I thought she was reather  pretty, and that she had a beautifull voiace ! I already know all of the  charritors , if you like I can name them all for you ?     <br />Gus      Grizaballa<br />Old deuteronomy<br />Moungojerrie<br />Demeter <br />(and my favoite )  Jennyanydots   Asparagus     Skimbleshanks     Bustopher Jones      Rumpelteazer     Jellylroum     Bombalurina    <br />Munkustrap      Mistofelees     Plato/ Macavity     Rum Tum Tugger    ( and my 2nd  favroite) Victoria     Coricopat     Tumblebrutus     Alonzo     Etcettera      Cassandra     Poncival      <br />My favroite cat , as I told you in the  list, Jennyanydots , is what I named my cat at home ! My cat looks like  Jenny , so I called her that , only because I don't have a name for her .  That's all focks , or should I say Cats?
6304082428|3.0|I love all the Pride and Prejudice films. But this one wasn't as true to the book as the Elizabeth Garvie/David Rintoul adaptation.  They are the perfect actors for the roles.  Colin Firth is good, but not great, as is  David Rintoul.
B00000IPAX|5.0|blink's the best band out the put out one of the greatest albums no doub
6305251134|5.0|If you like great content, wonderful music, epic style themes, this is the movie to watch. I already watched it over a dozen times and never get tired of it. I wonder when they will come up with the DVD version. I want to be  the first one to buy it.
6303192092|3.0|My son loves the entire 8 movie series.  Great stories for teaching kids about friends and feelings.
B00000IOSU|5.0|While both Surfacing and Fumbling Towards Ecstasy are both superior albums, the true essence of Sarah McLachlan's hauntingly expressive voice can only be captured live. To see her perform live in concert is  breathtaking, and Mirrorball, McLachlan's latest release, gives full  justice to her awesome talent. I recommend it to anyone and everyone, even  those who have never before experienced Sarah McLachlan.
0316286869|5.0|I really like the illustrations presented in the book. I went through several other makeup books by others which I will not name and Kevin's book came out on top. He presented different techniques, and showed how to do  them.  The other makeup books did not show this. The photographs were  useful and great at the same time. I really liked his style and his belief  system which is similar to mine. &quot;That our unique characteristics are  what makes us beautiful.&quot;  GREAT JOB KEVIN!! Looking forward to more  books from you!
0316779237|5.0|Okay, it's true: as other Amazonian reviewers point out, &quot;Santaland Diaries&quot; is the crown jewel of this collection of essays and stories. But it's SOOOOO funny, it alone made me rank this book with five stars.  When my wife is depressed, I read her random sections of &quot;Santaland  Diaries&quot;: it reduces both of us to tears of hysterical laughter. Okay,  so the lampoon of those obnoxious &quot;What Our Family Did for the Last  Year&quot; Christmas letters is over the top: so is much classic Monty  Python, Woody Allen, etc. If you loved the film THE REF, you'll adore  HOLIDAYS ON ICE. (By the way, the marketeers who took the  Santa-at-the-urinal photo off the front cover of the paperback edition are  disgusting wimpoids.)
B000001ES4|5.0|This is the first album I bought from Secret Garden and I really love it!  It's flowing and I can listen to the songs for many, many times. I put them on my car and all my picky friends (who like Pop/Rock) even enjoyed the  music. Out of three Secret Garden albums, I like this one most.
B00000I8BX|4.0|Fear Factory lives up to their name here,,,all of the hardcores are loving this 1 ,but they are afraid of &quot;CARS&quot;.....!   Give them a break...,and let them explore!Its THEIR music.......you dont have to like  it,,,cause plenty M Heads LoVe the remake of CARS
0684847248|2.0|The points Peck makes in this book are both good and bad.  I agreed with many of his assertions about discipline and love, though his definition of love is too narrow.  For someone that went through medical school, he  ignores many scientific principles that contracdict his assertions about  science and religion.  The last section of this book is evangelism, rather  than persuasive writing.  Overall, the overtly religious intent of this  book made its argument far less effective than it could have been.  If you  leave off the section on grace, you have a good book.<br />-Michael D.  Herrington from  Sarasota, Fl. 8/4/99<br />check my website,  aktung.homepage.com, for my full length review of this book
B000003493|5.0|I consider this to be the &quot;missing link&quot; between 60's bubblegum pop and classic rock. The boxed set of Nuggets has changed my musical tastes forever. I strongly recommend any fan of 60's music, or any real  rock music fan, purchase this collection. I now find Led Zeppelin boring  after listening to this!
0783225970|5.0|This movie is my favorite of all time. Even though I have heard how bad of a director De Palma is, he sure as hell comes through on this excellent film. The music is excellent as well. Also Pacino's scene in the restaurant  with his infamous &quot;You need a bad guy&quot; quote is just awesome. A  must see, Pacino at his best. Only downside to the movie is Michelle  Phiffer. Oh well, still a must see!!! Get the DVD version if you can. Matt
B000007RYQ|1.0|Avoid this like the plague.  If you think it has anything to do with either Mahler or good music, believe me you will be sadly disabused as I was when you listen to almost 73 minutes of untalented and obvious riffing  on Mahler themes presented in the loudest and most juvenile fashion.
B00000IOSU|3.0|This album doesn't showcase her songs exceptionally well, there's not too much difference with these and the ones done in the studio. Also, most people who release live albums put in songs never done before, whether new  songs or covers of other people's songs. She doesn't do either of those, so  since this album doesn't seem to have any &quot;extra&quot; treats, I don't  see the point in getting this. It actually seems like it was hastily put  together. While I do like sarah alot, even though she doesn't have alot of  range in her voice and her falsettos sound annoying at times, I can't  recommend this album too much.
B000006OAM|2.0|I have always been a great admirer of Natalie Merchant, until now.  While her voice has the same tender qualities as always, this  album does not do it justice.  With only one even half way memorable song it whines on till  an unimpressive ending.   I hope she gets back on track on her next effort.
B000002H70|5.0|Je suis un fan de Cure depuis plus de 10 ans et cet album reste toujours mon prefere... Si vous voulez ecouter cure, vous DEVEZ acheter celui ci...
B000000HZZ|5.0|I was nineteen when I first heard this album, which I'd bought shortly after testing the waters with the self-titled Tin Drum/Gentlemen Take Polaroids hybrid released by Virgin/Epic in early 1982. While that hybrid  contained more songs from Tin Drum than from Gentlemen Take Polaroids, the  latter quickly became my favorite Japan album.<br />What struck me about this  album was how little it sounded like all the other synthesizer-based pop  music coming out at the time. While much of the synthpop being featured on  MTV (in between the 86th showings that day of Aldo Nova's  &quot;Fantasy&quot;, Triumph's &quot;Rock &amp; Roll Machine&quot;, and  that REO Speedwagon clip from their live video, that is) seemed to use  synthesizers in a quirky, jerky, occasionally novelty-song kind of way,  Japan used them to create atmospheres, aural settings where the listener  could more or less take up residence for a few minutes. These settings were  extremely evocative, often unsettling and inviting at the same time - as in  &quot;Swing&quot; and &quot;Burning bridges&quot;, for example. Even the  odd take on &quot;Ain't that peculiar&quot; is strangely  compelling.<br />Lyrically, the songs were sparse, yet they still managed to  spark particularly vivid imagery, albeit occasionally abstract imagery.  Unlike Duran Duran, with their bleak, vaguely futuristic aura (until Rio  came out, anyway), Spandau Ballet's warped club-culture focus, and Dare-era  Human League, with their slightly skewed take on the typical romantic  subject matter of most pop songs, and the lushly romantic, 1982 edition of  Roxy Music, Japan's songs seemed to explore a mostly interior world and its  observations of an outside world that could only be tentatively  explored.<br />Then, of course, there was the sound. Nothing about Japan  sounded like anything I'd ever heard before. The percussion was the best  I'd heard since Nigel Olsson (the polyrythmic experiments of the Talking  Heads' &quot;Remain In Light&quot;, the David Byrne/Brian Eno collaboration  &quot;My Life in the Bush of Ghosts&quot;, and David Byrne's score for  Twyla Tharp's &quot;The Catherine Wheel&quot; notwithstanding); the  synthesizer textures were gorgeous; the fluid sounds that Mick Karn managed  to coax out of the bass were revelatory; and no pop singer alive ever  sounded like David Sylvian. I simply could not believe I'd waited so long  to try listening to this band.<br />At the time, I said that Japan was the  closest thing to Art that I'd ever heard in music. The only reason that  this no longer holds true is that the members of Japan have progressed so  far beyond this in their subsequent solo projects and collaborations.<br />(A  hint: To hear this album in its proper sequence, eliminate &quot;The  experience of swimming&quot; and &quot;The width of a room&quot;. At least,  put them at the end, because they don't belong in the middle...)quot;, the David Byrne/Brian Eno collaboration  &quot;My Life in the Bush of Ghosts&quot;, and David Byrne's score for  Twyla Tharp's &quot;The Catherine Wheel&quot; notwithstanding); the  synthesizer textures were gorgeous; the fluid sounds that Mick Karn managed  to coax out of the bass were revelatory; and no pop singer alive ever  sounded like David Sylvian. I simply could not believe I'd waited so long  to try listening to this band.<br />At the time, I said that Japan was the  closest thing to Art that I'd ever heard in music. The only reason that  this no longer holds true is that the members of Japan have progressed so  far beyond this in their subsequent solo projects and collaborations.<br />(A  hint: To hear this album in its proper sequence, eliminate &quot;The  experience of swimming&quot; and &quot;The width of a room&quot;. At least,  put them at the end, because they don't belong in the middle...)
6303039456|5.0|This movie is not only funny, but whenever someone thinks about quitting or giving up, just watch this movie and you'll be rejuvenated and psyched a again.
B000002VSN|4.0|The gospel songs are powerful and inspirational.  She could've done without the Babyface-written song, but the rest of the album is fine.
B000002UA0|5.0|Here in August of 1999, we in the United States space rock community look forward to the yearly coming together known as Strange Daze.  And we look with pure admiration at the textbook, the gospel of space rock coined  without pretention by the Pink Floyd of 1966/67 which is &quot;The Piper at  the Gates of Dawn.&quot;  Having previously only released a couple of  magnificently produced double-A side singles, and having recorded tracks  for the film &quot;Tonight Let's All Make Love in London&quot; which didn't  appear in their unforgettable entirety until the mid '90s (the  &quot;Interstellar Overdrive&quot; version there, at 22 minutes, is  spectacular even in contrast to the 9 minute take on &quot;Piper&quot;).  Thematically, it's classic British Summer-o-Love psychedelia - but it's  more than that.  This was the first rock band to improvise in such an  unconventional way, to acknowledge the presence of outer/inner space and  mysticism without defaulting to cliched or watered down models, and to  pursue alternative techniques of performance so unabashedly.  Barrett never  apologized for his shortcomings as a rock guitarist, but he didn't have to:  his slide guitar became glissando guitar in the hands of other British  guitarists such as Daevid Allen (Gong) and Dave Brock (Hawkwind).  The  interplay between Barrett and Rick Wight, and between Barrett and Roger  Waters, is completely different than the musical relationships one hears on  any other Floyd outing.  Waters plays melody parts on the bass.  Wright's  vocal harmonies support Barrett at all times.  Nick Mason's drums are  authoritative and driving.  The reissue of the original British mono mix -  which strips away the stereo panning we've all heard too often already to  be impressed by anymore, and the reverb enveloping which wipes out sonic  details of the original instruments - is shattering in its clarity,  overwhelming in terms of its thoroughness of production, and textbook in  what it can teach even jaded Floyd-heads about the nature of the original  tracks.  And for space rockers, it's Opus 101... only the recordings of Sun  Ra predate &quot;Piper&quot; in its impact on how the music evolved.  And  Barrett, with his &quot;Interstellar Overdrive&quot; and &quot;Astronomy  Domine,&quot; is quite clear on the space lineage to Sun Ra, the  intergalactic minister.  So then, &quot;Piper&quot; lies beyond mere rock  psychedelia... it is overwhelmingly a space rock &quot;How To&quot; with as  much relevance today as it had in the distant summer of 1967. By the way  everyone, it was producer Joe Boyd, not Norman Smith, who shaped the early,  stunning Floyd in-studio presence.  Boyd was under the tutelage of George  Martin at Abbey Road.  And Sir George is the undisputed father of rock  album studio production, in this regard.jaded Floyd-heads about the nature of the original  tracks.  And for space rockers, it's Opus 101... only the recordings of Sun  Ra predate &quot;Piper&quot; in its impact on how the music evolved.  And  Barrett, with his &quot;Interstellar Overdrive&quot; and &quot;Astronomy  Domine,&quot; is quite clear on the space lineage to Sun Ra, the  intergalactic minister.  So then, &quot;Piper&quot; lies beyond mere rock  psychedelia... it is overwhelmingly a space rock &quot;How To&quot; with as  much relevance today as it had in the distant summer of 1967. By the way  everyone, it was producer Joe Boyd, not Norman Smith, who shaped the early,  stunning Floyd in-studio presence.  Boyd was under the tutelage of George  Martin at Abbey Road.  And Sir George is the undisputed father of rock  album studio production, in this regard.
B00000DFRS|4.0|This is Whitney's first real R&amp;B album, and even though it's above average, there's still room for improvement.  &quot;When You Believe&quot; is the most uninspirational inspirational song I've ever heard.  Everything  else is listenable.
B00000IP4H|5.0|I don't understand why this album was seemingly overlooked by the general public.  Although some songs must be given some time (every album has ones like that), it was very good and was again a step in a different direction  for Testament.  Favorite song:  Together as One.  The contrast between the  somewhat winey, high voice and the enveloping raspy, demonic voice is  excellent.  Also pay attention to the careful overdubbing in this album.  I  particularly liked how in Demonic Refusal Billy's overdubbing his death  metal voice twice!  It sounds REALLY cool if you pay attention--I needed to  listen to it on my good stereo in order to hear it, however.  Great,  powerful album.
B00000JG41|5.0|This is one that you really have to listen to with headphones...  I'm not sure about all of the &quot;beach&quot; references among these reviews; this sounds like the same mishmash of every musical style under the sun  that makes Mr Bungle a truly alternative band.  As for the review that  asked if they forgot how to rock, I would say that Rocking was never in Mr  Bungle's mission statement.  Being trippy is, and they are.
0783113943|5.0|Angelina Jolie was great in this movie much like her father in &quot;Coming Home' It is a beautiful movie that tells the strory of Gia who is gone but not frogotten it will make you cry like it made me at the end  it has a solid cast great director and so fort it will make you look at  life and appreciate what you got already and if your male or female im sure  you will cry
0316920045|5.0|This has been one of the funniest, most endearing, and most affective reads I've had in years.  It's already changing my whole outlook and use of language. I have a new baby, about 2 months old, and when I read to my wife  the title of a course called &quot;The Toothless Predator: Breastfeeding as  Sexual Assault&quot; we both burst out laughing, holding our sides. We  still refer to our 2 mo as &quot;The toothless predator.&quot; It's  linguistic acrobatics like that that make me keep going to the well for  more. I am now adjusting my entire life style so I can find time to read  this book. I am simply dying for my hour each night to read another scene  or two. And since the book is about addiction, I'm hooked. I'm afraid I'll  go cold turkey when I get to the end and, thank god it's so long, I can  start over.  It's a Wonder of a Book. Thanks DFW.
B00000DCHI|5.0|Anyone who has listened to this album knows why it recently became the 4th best selling album of all time.  Every song in the collection is a hit, and delightfully enjoyable.  My only complaint would be that several great  songs were overlooked.  I would have liked to have seen  &quot;Honesty,&quot; &quot;Angry Young Man,&quot; and &quot;Sometimes a  Fantasy&quot; to name a few.  The album will not disappoint, though.  From  the rocking &quot;You May Be Right&quot; to the ballad &quot;Just the Way  You Are,&quot; Joel's Greatest Hits I and II is a must-have for any true  music-lover's collection.
6305268843|5.0|From the beginning to the end there is not one thing I would change about this movie.  It is absolutely perfect!!!!  A definite &quot;MUST HAVE&quot;!
B000002NAK|5.0|I have this whole album memorized and absolutely love it! Madonna sings her best ever and banderas is great!
B00000IBRX|1.0|Even through this was poorly reviewed upon its theatrical release, I rented it thinking that the special effects could redeem the film.  Wrong!  Once again, Robin Williams proves he's the most affected and cloying  performer in film.  Cuba Gooding's excitable persona continues to irritate.   Worse, the whole thing sinks into a misama of images that have no  discernible relationship to the  actors and the story.  And to think,  matters only get worse when Robin goes OTT in the smarmy &quot;Patch  Adams.&quot;
B000000OUJ|4.0|This one of my all time favorite albums. The beats are phat, and GZA has fluidity in his rhymes not seen since the R. I deny it one star because I am not into 5% philosophy, which no more that modern Christian Identity/  white Zionism packaged for blacks. (News flash, my fellow nubians, Basic  Instructions... is no more biblically accurate or inspired than Spawn  comics.)  That aside, this album holds high the standard the Wu-Tang set in  the early 90's.
0385493800|1.0|If you thought his last book (&quot;Street Lawyer&quot;) was just a long, boring sermon (and I did), you'll find &quot;The Testament&quot; more of the same.  Poor Mr. Grisham has obviously gotten tired.  His books are  beginning to follow a pattern: opening drama, followed by several hundred  pages in which nothing happens except for the sermon from Rev. Grisham.   The plot in this one is so predictable that I was able to guess his  surprise conclusion a hundred pages before the end of the book.  And the  sermon is pretty much the same as &quot;Street Lawyer&quot;, except more  heavy-handed.  The man obviously wishes he were a missionary.  My advice  is: &quot;go for it, John.  You've ceased being a writer.&quot;
B00000K19E|5.0|Stunning special effects edited seamlessly with an edgy soundtrack, edge-of-your-seat action scenes, and a sci-fi plot that intrigues and catches you off-guard make this a must have for any action/sci-fi  collection.  The Matrix keeps the plot twists and suspense building  throughout the movie.  Some of the hottest action scenes combine Hong Kong  style fist-flying action with the latest camera and digital special effects  and incorporate Marilyn Manson, Rammstein, and Ministry tracks to enhance  the experience.  You won't be disappointed.
0553573403|5.0|I could not put this book down it is a great read with awesome characters!<br />I recommend it to anyone who likes Robert Jordan as he used to be before the story stopped moving and we learned all about the characters clothes  and cooking utensils.
B00000BKI4|3.0|From the reviews I've glanced through below, there seems to be some debate about this album.  First of all Mercury Rev is not for everyone.  When Yerself is Steam came out I bought it on a recommendation and I hated it.   But I was travelling and it was the only CD I had so I listened to it over  and over and my musical life has never been the same.  So if you think that  the Pumpkins are the most creative band of the '90s don't bother with this  band. If you are a fan of the early stuff, though, try to remember that  Mercury Rev is about no connections, even to itself.  Sure they may have  lost something when original singer David left, but this new Car Wash Hair  shaped album has its own style. Not as risky as Yerself/Boces and more  familiar to a general pop audience, it still is better and beyond almost  anything out there. Listen to it in a bad mood...this album will make you  very very calm.
B00000IL1K|5.0|A truly remarkable album from a truly remarkable singer.  Sarah Brightman is incomparable.
B00000BKI4|1.0|I bought this album with great expectations but was more than dissapointed.  The instrumental use which is considered by some to be 'talent', is poor quality and unenjoyable.  The vocals are awful and the  album poor value.  Not to be bought by those with sense and taste.
B000002U8G|5.0|Listen to this and know that Pink Floyd is the most innovative band ever! Waters/Gilmour song writing is unserpassed.
0345423496|1.0|I havnt disliked a Clarke book untill now. I was truly dissappointed by the brush off of the environmental and social problems of the 20th C in a single line. Everything was just too plastic, clean and lifeless.
B000002U9W|5.0|Atom heart mother is excellent piece of work. Its so cool how pink floyd was able to blend classical with rock and make it work. I love those depressing songs inbetween (IF,fat old sun summer 69) The most psycedelic  album ever.
6305282943|5.0|I'm from Oklahoma, so I've seen this musical many times. This movie is fabulous. Well sung and acted, beautifully shot, and a great story and wonderful songs.
B000002VMH|5.0|I bought this CD when it was first released over six years ago.  Ms. Lennox paints a world rich in textures and color...her voice ranks right up there with the VH1-annointed divas of Mariah Carey and Shania Twain (on  second thought, she beats them, hands down!).
B0000033OZ|5.0|They are started strong and well but this was forgotten in the shadow of BSSand the other notables. This is all master playing of all the instruments included in ELP. I give it 9.4 of 10.
6300263673|2.0|The stab at Ayn Rand was the only really enjoyable part of this movie.  The rest is just flatulance.  The songs were good, but wouldn't you agree that they were a little too 80s to be part of the early 1960s?  Jennifer  Grey is believable as the love-struck adolescent; everyone else is so-so.   If you want a good Patrick Swayze film, see &quot;Ghost.&quot;
B000002G60|5.0|S.V. is a discontinuous artist; at least, I didn't like all her albums. This is the best one after Solitude Standing. It's consistently well-arranged, well-composed. It makes up for a certain loss of tension  (compared to Solitude Standing) with intelligence and experience.
B00000K19E|5.0|Well....what a wonderful surprise the matrix turned out to be. Kind of sneaking in through the back door while everyone was waiting in 5 mile queues for the Phantom Menace and delivering arguably the finest sci-fi /  cyberpunk movie experience for quite some time. <br />This movie is genuinely  innovative on loads of different levels it is frankly difficult not to be  swept up with all that's taking place on onscreen. From the polished  direction courtesy of the Wachowski brothers (messrs Andy and Larry) to a  not completely useless performance from Keanu Reeves. The supporting cast  work extremely well, especially Lawrence Fishburne who looks cooler than  cool with his pair of little clip on shades and not forgetting relative  newcomer Carrie Ann Moss, who plays the hard as nails trinity.<br />But the  real stars of the show have to be the effects. From slo-mo kung fu fights  that run the gamut of every Jackie Chan trick you've probably ever seen, to  scenes of pure arenaline pumping bullet carnage that would frankly make  master of hardware John Woo sit down and scribble a few notes.<br />Yep, this  is a movie that lives upto it's own hype, an excellent and inventive story,  some brilliant eye candy and no Jar Jar binks to get on your nerves.  <br />Just remember to buy some band aids for your chin...for it will be  hitting the ground quite a lot when you watch this film.
B00000I9MK|5.0|what a band.  what a songwriter.  My Wandering Days Are Over is just about as good as it gets, isn't it?  so is Mary Jo. or We Rule the School.  hell, it's all brilliant. This is the best band in the world right now.  Don't  even think about arguing this point with me.  have a nice day.
1558216340|5.0|I highly recommend this unforgettable book.  Its a story that contrasts man's terrible cruelty with his capacity for profound acts of compassion, strength, faith, and will to live.  It is written in a straight forward  manner that contributes to its authenticity and brings into focus the  extremes of the human condition.  I've never insisted my friends read a  book before. I wanted them to be as moved as I was but I also wanted to  re-experience that sense of awe when they say, &quot;That is amazing.&quot;
6303212379|5.0|I loved this movie when I was 9, now I'm 23.  I can't wait to share it with my kids someday.
B000002UWF|5.0|Love this CD!! Never heard of Louis Prima before but a friend brought one to work...and after listening to it &quot;in the office, in the car, at home&quot;....I have to get one for myself!! Can't get enough of this!!  Keely is incredible, Louis is fun, fun, fun!!
6303212379|5.0|The Goonies was one of my favorite movies as a kid and it still is today.  Everytime I see it I laugh so hard, and it brings back great memories of being a kid.  If you say a line from it, most people will laugh knowingly.   I got a chance to see it again on the big screen and it was a great  experience.  If you have not seen this movie yet, you are missing out.   Ruth, Ruth, Baby Ruth!
B0000024Z7|5.0|Do yourself a favor.  Get a great sound card,  and a surround speaker system for your PC, and  simply be amazed.  A truly epic musical  soundscape.
B00000K19E|5.0|Althought the Editor/Actor commentary lags somewhat, the rest of the disk is top-of the line and has features programmed on it that no one has seen or done before.
0767817478|1.0|This movie copies ideas from Jurassic Park (Little Godzilla chases human) and Aliens (a lot of eggs). Disappointed! <br />The most stupid idea is that Godzilla is dead finally??? This is total unacceptable for a classical  Godzilla fan, If you grew up with the real Godzilla.<br />The director and  porducer toatlly forgot what successful idea they made in  &quot;Independence Day&quot; (Alien can not be beaten by any human weapon,  So is Godzilla), They makes people both in USA and Japan very disappointed!
0395759242|5.0|This book exposes the truth behind Belgium's colonization of the Congo.  The author writes incisively and with great passion on this topic.  Usually history works are not page-turners, but this one was.
0385334206|5.0|I don't really know if many of the people who give this book a luke-warm review even know what they are talking about.  Take it at face value without putting too much forethought into the fact that Kurt Vonnegut wrote  Slaughterhouse-five and you will realize that it is a great, thought  provoking, hilarious novel.  I would recommend anyone to give it a try.
6304981635|5.0|One of the best movies ever made as well as being THE best martial arts movie. No movie even compares. The quality of DVD makes Enter the Dragon an experience. The quality is so clean and clear that it could almost pass for  a movie released last week instead of the seventies. The extra features  such as a short interview where you really see Lee's deep sense of what  martial art really entails, home video of a Lee workout, and trailors make  this even better. DVD really brings out the quality in this movie.
B000002KHH|5.0|Tony Iommi is my favorite guitarist in the world. Without a doubt Iron Man is his best work.No one can copy those hard riffs like Iommi.  Other good tracks are War Pigs, Paranoid and Rat Salad... But hey all the tracks are  good.
B00000JCB2|4.0|Their first CD was raw and very garage sounding. Significant Other has a definite studio sound to it, which initially disappointed me. But it is a heavy and diverse album that shows that LB is not a fad, and may actually  still be around years from now when all the rest of the hip-hop/metal bands  have irritated everybody already with the same old annoying garbage. That's  a rarity for a band to not be declared clinically dead by the second album  (or the second single).
B00000K19E|5.0|My brother saw this movie before I did, and absolutely hated it. I saw it with some freinds while on a business trip and was absolutely amazed, as were my two partners. I explained things a bit, and told my brother to let  go of reality and look deeper... he's now seen it nearly a dozen times.  INCREDIBLE MOVIE! 'Nuff Said!
6305205620|5.0|This concert rocks! They are incredible live, and the superior quality of DVD emphasizes that. Clean and clear, and sounds fantastic with home theater! Definitely well worth
B000001GS3|5.0|I am thrilled with this recording.  It is true that the duet between Cappucilli and Verret is amazing, it transports you right to the castle adn you can taste the varrying emotions in Cappucilli's voice.  Verrett is a  scarry Lady Macbeth, I feel genuinely intimidated by her throughout the  recording.  I do feel that her high note aren't quite as full as I would  like to hear them, but maybe their shrilness is appropriate.  Of all the  Macbeth's currently available this is my recommendation.  I would like very  much to purchase the recording with Nilsson but I am unable to find it.   Anyone have any clue on that one?  Anyway if you're looking for the best  one available, get this one.
0790729725|2.0|I cannot fathom why Warner made this DVD a single layer.  The days of having to get up and flip the laser disc are over.  I cringed when I saw &quot;Side A&quot; &quot;Side B&quot; on the DVD.  I still may return it.  That and there is next to nothing extra with the DVD.  No commentary, no  deleted scenes, no documentary.  Garbage.
B000001GXJ|5.0|This is without a doubt the best recording of this grand opera.  The cast is perfect and Abbado conducts it beautifully.  All the singers are in the prime years of their careers adn all do stupendously.  It is also quite  affordable which is a good plus, and the sound which has been remastered is  great.  I love this recording, you will too.
0767819594|5.0|BEST MOVIE EVER! GREAT ACTING! GREAT PLOT! OVERALL GREAT!<br />                    GRADE: A+++++++++
B00000JGHM|5.0|What can I say, my heros, DE NIRO &amp; PACINO in some kind of twisted, social and corrupt plot. As with all my reviews (BUY A DIGITAL AMP!) to insure the serious sound which had my next door friends angry! (The bank  heist.) If you love a good story (damn good) then buy this baby, it's three  hours long and so kewl, you'll smile like a pornographic lottery winner.  The acting, The dialect, The plot, THE ACTORS! All I can end on is the bank  heist which was goverened by the SAS. You don't mess with these guys, and  the action scene shows why.........why you ponderin'? BUY IT LIKE I DID  FROM AMAZOM.COM!!!!!!!
B000002TYK|5.0|Dave Grohl's talent was wasted while he was with Nirvana.Being the front man for Foo Fighters shows that not only is he atalent behind a drum kit, but an excellent singer and guitarist.  The songs on the debut album are strong and stirring. &quot;Big Me&quot; rates a soft mellow harmonic showing the band can do Top 40 radio and on the same token &quot;I'll Stick Around&quot; shows their true powers as rockers.  Keep looking for Foo Fighters.  They are worth a listen!
6302902010|2.0|After posting a note in this section over a year ago, I received a note from someone in New York who had a copy they wanted to sell for a rather significant price.<br />Turned out to be a very poor copy.  Be careful that  you are getting an original instead of a third or fourth generation  copy.<br />bill domb
B000002JPA|5.0|What an amazing album from an amazing band! These guys truly rock like no other. The singer, guitarists, drummer, and keyboardist are all among the best in the world at their instruments. All the songs are great: heavy and  complex, yet melodic too. &quot;Pull Me Under&quot; is probably the best  opening song I have ever heard. &quot;Learning to Live&quot;, &quot;Take  the Time&quot;, they all rock. My personal favorite, however, would have to  be &quot;Another Day&quot;. Now, I know some will complain that it is too  commercial and too much like an 80's power ballad, but I love 80's rock and  power ballads. I think it is an awesome song and one of my top ten  favorites ever. Still, the other songs are amazing also. If you like rock,  whether it be 80's arena rock or 90's grunge/alternative, I think you will  grow to love Dream Theater and this Images and Words album.
0553260111|5.0|This book is solid action from start to end.  You will not put it down!  This book got me started on thrillers, and I have not read a better series of books.
0380973464|5.0|Using alternate chapters to trace the families from World World II to present, the author provides an excellent read. While the reader becomes familiar with the characters,they also find themselves involved in several  adventures ,in several locations,  all leading to the final outcome.<br />The  author's wonderful sense of humor also brings real laughter from the  everyday activites. Between the technology and the history, the reader will  find this a hard book to put down. It also stimulates many ideas and  thoughts to share.<br />Highly recommended.
0385484518|5.0|Having read the 'professional' reviews, as well as many from the general readership, I can't help but feel that they are missing Mr. Albom's point.  The abiding message of &quot;Morrie&quot; seems to be about giving love,  and making sure that everyone you care about KNOWS how you feel.  As both a  recent widow, and one who has always read 4-6 books/week, I found the book  incredibly comforting, well written, and easy to assimilate.  Kudos for  'Morrie&quot; and Mitch.
B00000BKI4|4.0|I bought this album on an impulse, and it's been one of the few pleasant surprises to come from such an inspiration.  Admittedly, yeah, on the first listen, I was turned off.  I simply found it strange, and didn't want to  give it a second listen.  Boy, am I glad that I did!  Listening to it for  the second time, I realized exactly how great some of the songs are.  Yeah,  ok, there are a few moments where the sound effects remind me of some guy  playing a saw, but, overall, it's really great.  This is a good one to  listen to during moments of extreme happiness/sadness.  It can either make  you smile or make you cry.  It's up to you.  Just know one thing; it won't  leave you unaffected.
B00000DGUG|5.0|I have listened to the album, and I must say that this album strengthens me more than any other female artist so far.  Her former album touched me where my emotions lay, before it got overplayed on the radio.  Now with  this album, she brings out a whole new persona, without sacrificing  anything.  I truly recommend this album or any of her music to the  liberated souls out there, who don't think that pretending everything's ok  works.  You don't have to repress anything into the state of mind of the  '50s.  Her music tells us to let our emotions flow.  Not like some of the  music out there that says, &quot;Hey, it's ok.  Or if not, just pretend it  is...&quot; BUY THIS ALBUM!
630512695X|5.0|This is one of the best musicals ever made, and I place it in this catagory of great musicals mostly becuase of Gene Kelly's AMAZING dancing!!!!! His &quot;Moses Supposes&quot; tap sequence with Donald  O'Conner may be one of the best numbers ever recorded on film. If you  haven't seen this movie you are missing an extrordinary experience.
B000001FA4|5.0|To me, this was the last album from the first incarnation of U2.  After this album, U2, for better or worse, became &quot;a supergroup&quot;, and a &quot;rock band&quot;--terms that didn't really apply to the group's early  career. Unforgettable Fire is a wonderful example of a band taking one last  step back from the brink of success, and looking inward.  Although there  are a couple of standout singles, this album in general is very moody, a  little dark and unfocused, but also very warm -hearted --and it leaves a  lot to the individual interpretation of the listener.  What I really love  is that it totally defies categorization.  It's certainly not a hard rock  album, not Irish folk, and not new wave, although it has elements of all  those. Also, unlike some later U2 records, it doesn't sound so  suffocatingly planned out and honed to perfection.  In my opinion, U2's  strong Christian beliefs and moral and social commentary work much better  and are a lot more powerful when the music, and especially the lyrics, are  very abstract and expressionist, as they are on this work.  This album was  nearly perfect, but I wish it had included two fantastic songs that were  cut from it--Love Comes Tumbling Down and Three Sunrises. In my opinion,  this was U2's strangest, warmest and most wonderful recording.
1563894270|5.0|this is the ultimate batman mystery. originally chronicled in a unprecedented 13 part series, this story spans an entire year and re-defines many or the batman year one characters. a flawless script, and  goregeous art work will make you wish for an even longer halloween next  year.
B000003TAW|5.0|Okay, to start off, anybody who gave this cd less than 5 stars has some serious problems.  Every song on this cd is great, and lyrically, they don't spout off a bunch of profanity; they play just solid, good music.   Buy this cd and believe me, you won't be disappointed!
0451191153|5.0|I have read plenty of books.  Most will make you think, but few will make you want to strive for excelence.  Few will give you a picture of absolute integrity.  Few have ANY integrity.  Few uphold morals as an unexpurged,  and unemotional, essence that man should strive for.  And the few that do,  don't do it as well.    There seems to be a rise and climax with each piece  of dialog that issues forth from these characters, and while being swept up  in the beautifuly written story you soon realize that man cannot achieve  his happines from other people.  Only he can supply it to himself, and only  then will he be truly happy with those he loves.    This is head and  shoulders above anything I have ever read, and I have read a lot.
0783230893|5.0|I think this is a wonderful movie. Jessica Tandy's acting got better with age. Kathy Bates is such a versatile actress. Her performance in this movie is outstanding. A movie to be watched over and over again.
6303454488|5.0|Bob Dylan is without a doubt the best folk or rock musician ever.  The MTV Unplugged is a showcase of some of his best work.  Some of my Favorite selections are John Brown, Dignity, All Along The Watchtower, and Like A  Rolling Stone.  I truly believe that Bob Dylan influenced modern music more  than any other person or group.  This performance is essential for any  music lover.
B0000028RR|5.0|This is,without a doubt, one of the best albums ever made
B00000K19E|5.0|Great Effects, good acting, superb plot, and an inspired musical score add up to making &quot;The Matrix&quot; the best movie of 1999.  I can't wait for my copy to arrive!
B00000K19E|5.0|This movie went ballistic from start to finish.  I haven't seenA Movie so action packed since &quot;ALIENS&quot;.  the &quot;freezeframe and spin&quot; FX is one of the newest &amp; coolest photography technics used today.  the &quot;Hong Kong  the music and slowmo action were perfectly blended as smooth as silk-this film had john woo style written all over it.  I loved the characters and everybody lookin' cool in blackleather.  This movie had a lot of twists &amp; turns that kept you on  edge of your seat and aching for more.  &quot;What a rush- a must see over and over again type a movie&quot;!!!  other action movie makers should look at this movie if they're  wondering what the people want...Buy this movie now!!!!!!
B000003RCY|5.0|Don't get me wrong,Sehnsucht kicks serious booty! But Herzeleid is slightly better overall in my opinion. Sehnsucht sounds better at first and is easier to instantly like.However, Herzeleid has more lasting quality.  The songs will grow on you more than the ones on Sehnsucht. When you listen  to Herzeleid, put the headphones and really try to pick out the little  details in the background that aren't obvious at first.. This cd shows  their true musical genius, but you may not see it at first.All of  Rammstein's recordings kick butt though, so get them all!!!! By the way,  learn german and you'll like the songs even more!
B000002A73|5.0|Having been a late Floyd fan and an early Waters fan I must repeat what I said before. This has to be the best ever! I bought the tape and played it for 2 years every journey in the car. I didn't play anything else. It is  just superb! Jeff just beats Eric from 'Pros and Cons' but behind them all  there's Roger. This guy is the man. Sure 'Pink' are still good but anything  of theirs that sounds great really sounds like one of Rogers. A fine album.  Listen to it four times and I'll guarantee you'll love it.
B000002UZ1|4.0|This set offers the advantage of getting a chronicle of their, in my opinion, better years.  However, I think it should have been 1966-1970 and included Revolver and abandon songs like 'ballad of john and yoko' and 'old  brown shoe'.  All in all, along with the red album, all the not-so-  obsessed fan needs.
B000003NA4|1.0|This album marks the transformation of a promising young artist into the more marketable &quot;sex kitten of jazz&quot;. Any spontaneity is drained, and the discomfort shows in the self-conscious phrasing and musical posing.  Sad.
B000002BBY|1.0|This is nonsense from beginning to end.  Hey Noel, how 'bout some lyrics that make some sense for a change mate!   Once again, these guys are over rated and I hope failure comes to them soon.
B00000099Y|5.0|everytime i listen to this cd I get the goosebumps. but not in a scary way. every time Maynard James Keenan sings the melody is just so powerful and emotional.The cd also won a grammy. forty 6 and 2 is one of the best  songs Ive ever heard in my life. Every song is more than 5 minutes. the  last song is 15 minutes. youd think that just like most bands they would  put some dumb sampling on their for 10 minutes. but not tool. the whole  song is exciting all the way through and is the most beatiful sounding  song. My favorite bands are fear factory, machinehead, system of a down,  korn, and limp bizkit. the only one of these bands that would even get  close to being as good as tool are system of a down. No more explaning. Go  buy the cd you wont regret it.
6304240554|5.0|This is not only a great horror movie, but it is a commentary on American consumerism.  Many people don't realize this because they are too caught up in the horror/gore mode.  The underlying theme is that Americans love to  shop and have as many possessions as they can. The reason the dead come  back to the mall when they &quot;wake&quot; is because they spent so much  time there.  When you watch this movie keep this in mind and see how much  more you get out of it. George Romero (a native from my hometown) is much  more talented than he is given credit for.  (The director's cut has even  more gore in it, including the full intestine eating scene.)
068484267X|5.0|This book broke my heart and made me laugh all at the same time.  Such a wonderful, honest book.  Loved it!  You will too!!!!
6305076634|5.0|Descubr esta pelicula hace dos aos gracias a unos amigos de la Universidad de Alicante y es uno de los mejores films musicales que se han realizado en muchos aos. Tanto la BSO como la direccin o la  interpretacin, son fabulosas. Para mi: inmejorable!
0201485672|5.0|When I first started reading this book, I Laughed. Having garnered a  reputation as a &quot;Mad Slasher&quot; of badly written code (say, 700  line programs down to 150 lines or less), it was wonderful to see the  principles I'd learned over the years codified into a readable catalog of  techniques that should be in everyone's arsenal. Required reading for those  new to OO development, and a new vocabulary (similar to what &quot;Design  Patterns&quot; did) for everyone to share their insights. BRAVO
B00000IQV7|5.0|I was surprised at how much this film moved me. I thought it was just going to be some stupid movie about a doctor who wanted to be a clown. This is the story of how Doctor's are taught to not care about their patients,  and one man's fight against that. At one point I was nearly brought to  tears...ok, a couple of times...alright SEVERAL times! I hate Doctors  because it's so obvious that they don't care. The profession that began  with compassion has degenerated to collection agencies and denials of  treatment. This movie stands up and says &quot;What the heck  happened?&quot; I am still in awe of the fact that I loved this movie. I am  not a big Robin Williams fan, but as I get older I find myself attracted  more and more to his work. This is a fine piece of feel-good moviemaking,  along the lines of Phenomenon.
0812589041|5.0|I normally don't read Science Fiction. I normally don't read nonfiction. I normally read nothing but fantasy novels and books I'm required to for class. When I got 50 pages into this one, though, I knew I wouln't be able  to put it down, and I knew I would love it. It didn't fail to live up to  either of my expectations. I believe that anyone who enjoys intelligent  reading will love this book, hands down.
0312955006|4.0|This is the first Harry Bosch book I've read. In fact, it's my first Michael Conelly and I find it very engrossing, entertaining and enlightening. I was hooked with the plot and at the same time, I was being  fascinated with the theme of the story -- justice -- how it was being  carried out and how  people view it. Great. I'm on my way to the books tore  to buy The Last Coyote. I can't wait to find out what happened to Bosch's  mother.
0684867621|5.0|I would rank this with the finest Stephen King works (my other iconoclastic favorites being The Library Policeman and The Green Mile).  In addition to showing King's deepening and maturing spirituality (no gentle,  nurturing, Santa Claus God for him), it profoundly illustrates just how  fragile is our everyday, normal, taken-for-granted reality--the one we  inhabit without a second thought until something goes wrong and the  underlying chaos of things is revealed.
B00000I2TC|5.0|This is clearly one of the most touching and soulful compilations of GM that I have heard yet.  I have listened to it in the dead of night while driving in a blinding rainstorm as well as while spending the day off in  bed with that special someone.  In both situations I have continually  discovered different meanings to each and every song. A must have for every  collection
0767819543|5.0|I hardly imagine somebody, after watching this film, still argues that love is powerless. One's heart can be so frozen but still there is a tiny little space for love to melt the iceberg. Josue's ingenuous, honest eyes  come straight through Dora's almost-dead-heart. And the next is how sweet  love can be. Walter Salles did not have to make a ship-boat silly love  story to prove this.
6304508611|5.0|This movie is really good. I really wanted to yell at the person who said that suicidal people are weak. I think that you should have to deal with serious depresion (like many suicidal people do) and then see how weak they  really are. As a doctor whom deals with suicidal persons, I think you  should shut up until you are actually educated and have delt with these  people.
080018789X|5.0|There is something really different with the movie.  It's banter is orginal.  I haven't heard of dialogue like this before, especially in the beginning.  Great script.  Tom Cruise is Jerry Maguire.  Renee Zellweger  was just as good.
B000002UDB|5.0|Some people seem not to like this album because half of it is made up of Beatles singles from this era. Well, heck, so what, these are perhaps the greatest singles of all time, however ya get 'em. Simply breathtaking,  pushing the boundaries of pop. The movie music itself continues in the  exprimental wash of sound vein, with rich results.
0451196716|5.0|I've read all of King's published fiction, and this is one of his best - top 5 I'd say. A great premise that pulls you in slowly but surely until it's too late, you're hooked - trying to figure out what you'd do and why  some characters lose it. With Gerald's Game, his only works that will never  have a video version. period (Although I'd love to see Michelle Pfieffer  play Jessie - or Michelle Williams for that matter, who cares she's not 39)
6301095294|3.0|A great film? Well, no, but it has entertaining bits and fabulous music. This is most important for Beatles fans interested in their history, and wanting to catch a glimpse of them during this vital trippy period.
0671015206|4.0|I just finished rereading MillionaireNext Door for the third time, it's a great book, must reading for everyone and anyone serious about their financial future. I have also read some of the reviews. It seems that some  people have confused the term &quot;frugality&quot; with &quot;cheap&quot;.  But I'll bet all of those detractors of this book are also paycheck to  paycheck and deep in hock. Yes they may show all of the trappings of  wealth; high profile job, beautiful house, 2-3 cars, beautiful clothes and  jewerly etc., etc.But what is their net worth???? A key phrase is that  there is no level of income that you can't outspend. You may make a million  dollars per yearand live a beautiful lifestyle, but if you're spending 125%  of your income, guess what, you're still BROKE! Along with Millionaire next  door, I also suggest, particularly to the naysayers, &quot;You earned it,  don't lose it&quot; &quot;More Wealth without Risk&quot; and  &quot;Financial Self DeFense&quot; Money is somewhat like health. Many  people just don't understand it's valueuntill it's too late!
B0000069KS|4.0|This colorful adventure features excellent Beatles songs and some quirky character acting. It sort of invented the whiz-bang Batman kind of comic book imagery for film. Some of the gags fall flat, but as light comedy it  works pretty well.
B00000J2KR|5.0|Barry Lyndon is Kurick's bleakest movie and one of his best. Although the DVD is better than the film transfer, I would have expected a grand epic like this on stereo surround and 2.35 widescreen, not 1.66 (which isn't too  far from standard, 1.33) Some scenes seem blurred, yet some are incredibly  sharp. These DVDs should have been given to MGM to transfer, because Warner  transfers are most of the time, poor. It's annoying to watch a great movie  like this in this form, because you keep wishing all of Kubrick's DVDs,  including this, were like 2001, which was the best transfer (from MGM)
B000002JSZ|4.0|A great, under-rated album. I would put the tune &quot;Flick of the Switch&quot; up against ANY other metal song in the rock universe and dare you to find one that rocks harder. This CD is worth is just for Flick of  the Switch, Badlands, Nervous Shakedown and Bedlum in Belgium. Buy it.  Listen to it loud.
B000000HTM|5.0|With more disonance than King Crimson, a tighter band than Genesis, more experiment than Pink Floyd and a more evocative singer than Yes, VDGG is quite possibly the best progressive rock band ever, and this album the  testement.  Hamill's masterpiece &quot;A Plague of Lighthouse Keepers&quot;  has aged far better than any topographical ocean or lark's tongue, and his  voice sends shivers down the spine in &quot;Lemmings.&quot;  Missing on the  CD version is the two minute track that once sat in the middle of side one  on the album, but no complaints can be made with the sheer power of this  band at its peak.  A disonant treat.
B00000K19E|5.0|I loved this movie.  I went out and bought the soundtrack the next day.  It's a must-have for anyone interested in &quot;reality.&quot;  Although I could have done without Keanu Reeves saying, &quot;woah.&quot;
B000002504|4.0|Possibly the most complicated music ever recorded by a band saddled with the descriptor rock, Gentle Giant grabs the madrigal format of the 13th century vocal music, and adds a mix of xylophones, trumpets, krumhorns, and  electric guitars.  This is one of their two great works(the other is  Freehand) and features a vast assortment of prog anthems (if such a thing  is possible) many more acceptable than others.  If you think prog rock must  always be about topographical oceans, examine this medieval masterpiece.
B00000JPH5|5.0|What else could you ask for: fantasy, muppets, and David Bowie 1986 version re-released!<br />An answer to this anachronistic girl's dreams!
0452277752|5.0|I picked this book up when it first came out, about 8-10 years ago I think.  I was of course a full-fledged King fan but I never got around to reading any of the stories (don't ask me why, I did the same thing with The  Stand, which is one of my favorites; I guess I just have to be ready for  it). This summer I decided to take the mammoth paperback off the shelf  &amp; delve in. What can I say?? RAGE, in light of the recent tragedies at  schools, seems almost prophetic.  THE LONG WALK kept me awake at nights  and, by the end of the story, I felt absolutely exhausted. I wonder if  anyone else had the thought that the plot was an analogy to war, sending  our best youth off to die. ROADWORK was an extremely disturbing exploration  of insanity but, at the same time, I felt intense sympathy &amp; admiration  for Bart; in his mind he was justified in his actions. THE RUNNING MAN, as  everyone has stated, has nothing to do with the Arnie movie; would have  been much better if it had. I loved the final last 2 paragraphs.  Again,  this is a volume I will be rereading over &amp; over again; I have always  been amazed at Mr. King's ability to take a normal, everyday situation,  tweak it, &amp; stand the world on its ear.  Bravo!
B000000WZ4|3.0|Depeche Mode has always given me a feeling of exitement, especially when a new album was released. This time, however, i had no such thrills. Just a good album, but nothing special.  Although almost every song is ok none of  the songs really lift me up. For example: a song like 'Home' seems to be a  killer at first hearing, but it soon wears out. I don't know about this one  ...
B00000J7J4|4.0|My first Santana CD.  The song with Dave Matthews is great, as well as the other artists that work with Santana.  A great CD to pick up up if you love good music.
0812589041|5.0|If my library could only have two SF books in it, those books would be Dune and Ender's Game.  <br />For those detractors who whine that &quot;it's dumb that a kid could save the world&quot;, Ender DIDN'T save the world.   Read the book again, dimwits!<br />For those who whine that &quot;children  don't think like adults&quot;, Ender does not think like an adult! The  aspects of his personality that make him a great commander come from his  brilliance as a child.  No adult could have done what Ender did. To me,  this is why the subsequent Ender books fail to reach the same level of  interest: Ender is far less interesting as an adult.
B00000J7JO|3.0|This album has several good songs, but it isn't the best Chili Peppers CD.  Worth the money if you like The Red Hot Chili Peppers.
0792151712|3.0|It is huge. It is unstoppable. It is a force of nature that humbles the greatest works of man. It looms above us in icy grandeur, but its greatest force lies hidden beneath the surface. See James Cameron's epic and moving  tribute to the greatest force of nature: James Cameron's ego.
B00000JCB2|4.0|I never really paid attention to Limp until I saw them at Woodstock on pay-per-view.  I wish I could have seen them in person, and I will be attending their next local concert.  Wes is a nut!
031218087X|5.0|This book was amazing, and so gripping on-the-edge-of-your-seat that it was hard to stop reading it. Excellent read
1885283148|5.0|I first read Carrying the Fire at the age of 14 and it changed my life. Because of it I'm a Physicist an Engineer and a professional pilot. I make a hobby of collecting, reading and rereading books about space flight.  After a quarter century this is still the finest book ever written on the  subject.Thank You Michael Collins
B000002NC4|5.0|I first heard BTS on 120 minutes.  they showed the &quot;untrustable&quot; video, and the primitive stop-motion animation made you really concentrate on the music.  The songs are long, but there aren't any big guitar solos;  the song structures are prog-rock, but without the over-indulgence.  The  textures that Doug creates on guitar are beautiful (though they must be  hard to pull off live).  The best part is track 4, &quot;Made-Up  Dreams&quot;.  It starts out sounding like a lo-fi basement demo, but the  production gradually and seamlessly smooths out as the song progresses.  If  by chance or thought out, it is an ingenious effect.  A great album.
B00000I9MK|5.0|Is there a pill that can help me take this CD out of my player?  An amazing CD that increases with power each time it's listened to!  I own the whole B&amp;S collection, but, this one has truly infected me!
B00000K19E|5.0|This is the best film that I have seen in ages. The special Effects are amazing and the story line is very well thought out. A MUST SEE
0671015206|5.0|When you read a book you are looking for some creative ability from the writer that catches your attention and makes you never want to close the book.  This book does a horrible job and giving any sort of creative  ability.  The only reason that I would buy this book is to use to prop a  door open.  The reason being is that I found this book so mundane and  redundant that to finish was a tedious task that was somewhat remedial.  Do  not waste any amount of money on this book.
6301986024|5.0|Three points to this astounding flick:  <br />1) The imagery is a perfect screen-capture of late 60's style.  In that sense, it is a historical documentation of paramount importance.  Utterly timeless &quot;class&quot;  is juxtaposed to utterly 60's contemporary &quot;cool&quot;.   <br />2) The  message - the ennui of the young and wealthy - is timeless.  What DO you do  if you are self-made wealthy, young, and without further worlds of interest  to conquer?  This is NOT about the Silver Spoon set, but a man who has made  his own way so young, succeeded, and decided to buck the system thereafter.   The screen play says it all: &quot;Tommy, I wish you wouldn't undershoot  the runway like that.&quot;  (In his glider) &quot;Well, at least it would  end all my worries.&quot; &quot;What worries do you have?&quot; &quot;Who  I'm going to be tomorrow.&quot;<br />3) It has been written that Harrison Ford  is the inheritor of the mantle Humphrey Bogart wore as the epitomy of the  American Can-Do Male.  But it seems that a middle step has been missed.   The heritage should run through McQueen, who played this role brilliantly,  very much in contrast to his usual western (&quot;Nevada Smith&quot;) and  outsider (&quot;The Cincinnati Kid&quot;) roles.  <br />My personal fantasy:   &quot;The Thomas Crown Affair&quot; AND &quot;Sabrina&quot; by Bogart in  the early 50's, by McQueeen in the late 60's - early 70's, and by Ford in  the 90's.  Incredibly, 3 of these 6 actually occured.
B00000K19E|5.0|I watched the movie on Saturday in a theater here in Drammen. Today is Thursday - and I just cannot get the movie out of my head. The story line is captivating, you get a nagging &quot;what if this was true&quot; in your  head. The special effects on The Matrix are state of the art and extremely  impressive! I am an F/X buff, so this element does NOT pull down the  overall impression of the movie either...
6304808038|5.0|How can a film be this good?  You are in thrall for the entire running time, pulled right into the house with them.  Michael Caine and Laurence Olivier are on target and the supporting cast is stellar, as well.
B000002C1Z|5.0|&quot;Animals&quot; is a spectacular and brilliantly crafted concept album.  Each and every song is utterly incredible - pieces like &quot;Sheep&quot; and &quot;Pigs (Three Different Ones)&quot; in particular  are stunning musical accomplishments. Any who even remotely enjoy Pink  Floyd's music should purchase this album immediately.  It is easily one of  the Floyd's best, comparable to &quot;Wish You Were Here&quot; or  &quot;Dark Side of the Moon&quot;.  The album is a remarkable achievement  for a band that has proven time and again that it is unmatched in the  realms of creativity and musical innovation.  A gem in the extensive Pink  Floyd discography.
6300268993|5.0|The opening credits alone make you want to run down an alley and reveal the S on your chest.  I mean, when Superman zooms to the Daily Planet just in time and asks General Zod to &quot;step outside,&quot; you know  super-action is on the way!  Easily the best one in the series.
6300213803|5.0|You will want to see this film mainly because Shatner and Montalban say &quot;Fire&quot; better than any other actors, ever.  Besides that, it captures the spirit and story quality of the original series while  upgrading the special effects to a level that still holds up today.  James  Horner's music is superb.  &quot;Evasive starboard!&quot;
0316286869|4.0|I've had this book for more than two years and i must say it's given me tons of ideas and helpful tips on how to get a certain look. I even used it when i was helping a family member get ready for her prom! I do wish,  however, that Aucoin would've made some recommendations for products; that  would've helped out immensely when choosing cosmetics. But i must say, this  man's talent is invigorating and inspiring!!
B00000K19E|5.0|I am the type of person that when I see a movie in the theaterI see it once and only once. However, The Matrix impressed me so much,that I have seen it 4 times in the theater, and one time on a hotel pay-per-view. It is not just a movie packed with fancy special effects, but it has an excellent story, amazing action scenes and a phenominal collection of actors. I promised myself after the fifth viewing, it would be the first DVD that I would purchase. And it will be.
0425129586|5.0|This is one of Christie's best. It was amazingly written and wasexciting to the end.
0140277447|2.0|I read the book within 48h, it iswell written indeed, the autor is a talented journalist.. BUT she's not historian furthermore her close link to the tragedy (it was a tragedy) arouse questions. After some research, I  discover that several aspect of the books, and not only details were if not  false, but incorrect, inexact, and biaised. Imperial Japan (like Nazi  Germany)did bad, really bad things. Those crimes must undestand and  prevented to happen again. But Japan (a democracy) like the German Republic  are different now and can't be judged on those past actions. The book  unfortunalty doesn't give me this impression.  World is not black and  white, Japan is a democracy, but I agree that some effort must be made for  the apology; China is a dictature responsible for the death of millions of  their own people. Fact should be the only source of that kind of books, not  hanger.
0767903811|5.0|As an American who lives overseas and returns every other year or so, I can relate to Bryson's startled observations of American culture. The chapter on junkfood (breakfast pizza) was hilarious! I could not stop  laughing after I read the part where he was trying to be charming and witty  while conversing with a woman on an airplane, unaware his teeth and lips  were covered with ink from a pen he'd had in his mouth.  I giggle whenever  I think about it.  I'm definitely going to read his other books.
B000000WJZ|5.0|I first purchased this album on audio cassette.  I played it so much, I'm surprised the thing didn't just snap.  If you like heavy dark music (e.g. old sabbath, zep, metallica, etc.) then this album is a must-have along  with GISH and PISCES ISCARIOT.  I've got the album playing as I write this  and I had to stop typing for a minute while I listened to the intro to  Hummer.  Whatta great song.  Jimmy Chamberlain is hugely underrated, and  the Pumpkins will definately suffer without him.  Anyway, this album for me  was as good as they come.  Easily in my top ten of all time.  It'll never  get old or be out-of-style.  It's a classic.  Congratulations, Billy.
B000002LCI|5.0|This is a really great, all the tracks are beautiful, i especially adore &quot;Strange Love&quot; i want to say something here, ALL OF THE SONGS I LISTENED TO IN MY LIFE FOR DM ARE REALLY GREAT, NON IS BAD
6302897270|5.0|After watching 9 1/2 WEEKS, I realized that the movie is very serious about it's subject matter.  Kim Basinger and Mickey Rourke develop perfect sexual tension, and the movie turns out to be both erotic and interesting.   It's also not campy and has some smart dialogue.
B00000JGHM|5.0|Great shoot-em-up with real character development.  Hurts to root for the bad guys shooting cops, though.  The ending will suprise you.
B00000ADG2|4.0|Lauryn Hill has produced the most memorable album of the 90's, an album which scope talks about love in its truest forms as well as the pains and joys that come with love.  That being said, I believe this album is a kin to &quot;the Phantom Menace,&quot;  so over hyped it could not live up to  it.  It is a good album, but it merely puts fresh spins on old styles. It  adds nothing to them.  It has more substance than the average hip-hop or  R&amp;B album, but its not the be all and end all of hip-hop or R&amp; B  music. Lauryn proves that she is a true student of music and has given a  complete package, but this album's true brilliance is being smothered by  expectations it can't live up to. This album smacks around  anything that  the material girl has produced, but Lauryn has a long ways to go before she  can be considered in the same breath as Aretha Franklin.
B000000OQF|5.0|This album basically finishes at the top of the list of the greatest hard rock albums ever made. It changed the way we all looked at hard rock and heavy metal. GnR was the first band ever to discuss the rough and harsh  life of a rock and roll band on the edge. The songs are all extremelly  powerful and very real. Even the non hard rock and heavy metal fan should  respect the quality of this album.
B00000J2L7|5.0|The stirring gallantry and enterprise shown by Major Kong (brilliantly played by Slim Pickens) and his B-52 crew is what makes this movie such an inspiring classic.  Despite all odds against them, they get the job done.   Truly, this is one for the ages.
B000002JS6|5.0|Non-stop a**kicking power from the original headbangers of rock and roll. The best album from the band who knows the true definition of rock and roll. &quot;Back in Black&quot; from start to finish will simply rock your  world. Every song has energy that is not paralleled by any band ever. Lead  Guitarist Angus Youngs' solo riffs are enough to blow your stereo to  pieces. If you are a hard rock, heavy metal fan and you dont own this album  then you are clueless.
B000005J48|5.0|Six-year -old little girl was asked: 'How do you like this music?' She answered: 'This music comes from angels'. It is true.
0375707972|4.0|I read this book within the span of a few days even while I was working.  I normally do not like historical fiction, but this book came very highly recommended.  The book is enjoyable and deep...no, it is not about sex and  longing.  Not at all.  It is much more than that and really leads you to  think.  The ending is somewhat surprising and yet somewhat predictable.   Just depends on how much you read.  The author really develops the  &quot;kid&quot; and you see how he struggles to grow and come to terms with  &quot;Hanna&quot;.  A question of obligation?  Perhaps.  If you are not  sure about the &quot;Oprah&quot; books...just try this one.  It is  enchanting!
B00000FYA8|5.0|This 'extra tracks' version of &quot;Is This Desire?&quot; is amazing. It includes the actual album plus another cd along with it that has tracks [&quot;The Northwood,&quot; &quot;Sweeter than anything,&quot; &quot;The Bay,&quot; and an instrumental] from the &quot;Perfect Day Elise&quot;  singles. &quot;The Northwood is raw, like the recordings found on  &quot;4-Track Demos.&quot; It is the best raw recording of Polly's that I  have ever heard. &quot;The Bay&quot; is also incredible. I wish that  someday Island Records will re-release this album. It's incredible.
0131103628|5.0|'The C Programming Language' is a comprehensive and concise look at the C language.  This book is a bit light on advanced techniques such as bit-stuffing and algorithm efficiency, but it has it where it counts.   Numerous developers at my company have repeatedly asked me to lend my copy  to them while in the code phase. This is definitely the best C source one  can have!!
B000001E7T|5.0|This album is so powerful that it scares me. I absolutely love it. Definitely the best female album of the 90's - hands down.
6303998704|5.0|one of the best horrow films ever made, this one can give you nightmares.  made on a small budget, the story will give you the creeps and stay with you.  highly recommended.
B000002C25|1.0|The first track is the only listenable song on this entire album. The rest of the songs are incredibly boring and show little effort. If you like to pass the time by staring at a blank wall, your attention span might be able  to handle this. Otherwise, look elsewhere.
B00000ILBK|4.0|In a TV series, especially a sci-fi series, you expect a certain number of shoot-em-up shows. You expect to see our heroes conquer evil aliens while   overcoming seemingly impossible odds. but will someone please show me  where in the rulebook it says every show should be about this? Some of the  original series and TNG's best shows were about political, romantic,  and/or humorous exploits of our favorite characters. &quot;The trouble with  Tribbles&quot; is almost always in a listing of the top 5 shows whenever TV  guide or simply a group of trekkies talk about their favorites, and  &quot;The city on the edge of Forever&quot; won a Hugo for crying out loud  and neither one of them were slashed with phaser fire. Yes, Insurrection  may have been a little uneven in spots plotwise but I've not seen any you  could drive a semi through. And the central theme of the displacing of a  small group of people to satisfy the demands of a larger group as being a  terrible injustice as well as a clear violation of Trek's prime directive  is right on par with the overall vision of Star Trek. I don't think  Roddenberry will turn over in his grave because of this one and neither  should a true Trek fan get all disappointed just because the Borg, the  Romulans, the Dominion or any other &quot;traditional&quot; Star Trek  villian is not involved. In fact, I think this film breaks the so-called  legacy of &quot;odd-numbered&quot; trek films being not so good as  &quot;even-numbered&quot; films.        No, Insurrection  is no  &quot;Wrath of Khan&quot; but it is a solid entry in the series. After all,  Johnathan Frakes himself said they wanted to have to have some fun with  this one and I think they accomplished that while still making an  entertaining movie that lives up to Star Trek's ideals.
0553108034|5.0|If you are a fantasy reader, you probably find yourself browsing in your local book store looking for that new book, or the one you haven't seen before, that is going to return you to your younger days when you could  spend the time wrapped up in another world.  Whether it was the PAWN OF  PROPHECY or even way back with THE BOOK OF THREE, certain (and very few)  books have had the power to enrapture me.  For a time, I thought that  Jordan's or Goodwin's books could, but they somehow left me wanting.  GRRM's latest two books, however, have caught me in their snare.<br />This  book was an excellent portrayal of an extremely realistic world.  Though  almost entirely devoid of magic, there is a sense of pending release that  few books (in any genre) have captured.  I will admit that there are many  characters and that often you are left wanting more depth with some.  However, unlike Jordan's latest book, I actually feel like these characters  are progressing somewhere...growing, expanding, or falling deeper into  their pit of doom.  While there are no clear protaganists, it is clear that  each reader will have their favorite (or most hated) characters to grab a  hold of and not let go.<br />One final note.  Whether it is an epic fantasy  series or an epic science fiction movie series (read: Star Wars), readers  and viewers tend to take, for some unknown reason, a sense of ownership in  the stories that they read.  It is important to remember that this is  Martin's story and he has been kind enough to let us in to share in his  world.  Thank you George!
0884271536|1.0|The &quot;Critical Chain&quot; represents old and out of date project management concepts, belonging more to the Industrial Revolution Era. It is based on very wrong concepts regarding the behavior of the project  employees, that do not belong to the hi-tech world. Employees in the  Hi-Tech environment do not suffer from the &quot;Student Syndrome&quot;, or  the &quot;Parkinson Effect&quot;. On the contrary, they are measured,  promoted and rewarded for their efficiency and for their improvement. The  only effective management in the Hi-Tech environment is Autonomous  Management, and not the old fashioned detailed control that is presented in  this book. Some of the ideas presented in the book are very trivial, and  not new: chaining tasks that use critical resources, using reserves  (&quot;buffers&quot;) for time and budget etc. Today, there are much more  effective Project Management concepts, proven in the Hi-Tech, Hi-Risk  environment, based on the rules of Cybernetics Management.
B000002BYD|5.0|&quot;Yeild&quot; introduced me to Pearl Jam and awakened me to the fact that great rock 'n roll is still being made in the here and the now.  I wish I was more familiar with the technical aspects of music, so as to adequetly praise those bass lines and guitar riffs I love so much.  I will  say that this incredible album is versatile and never contrived - always  genuine, and often spell-binding.  Bascally, it rocks - and grooves, and  flys, and screams, and strolls.   I'm tempted to offer lyrical experpts I  particualarly like, but the beauty of what Vedder, Ament, and Gossard write  is that everything line contributes, vitally, to the song as whole.  They  function like finally-crafted poems, but have the humaness of a spontaneous  and inspired inner monolouge.  This is not to say &quot;Yeild&quot; is  without quoteable gems - they'll grab you, hold your hand while you're  tripping away with Mike McCreedy's guitar.  I highly reccomened this album  - especially for vinyl fiends.
6300216268|5.0|I think the reason there are so many five star reviews for this movie is that everyone who sees it loves it and everyone who loves it loves it A LOT!  Harold and Maude continues to be one of the very best movies I have  ever seen.  I try to recruit people to watch it with me, but many are  turned off by the premise.  DON'T MAKE THE MISTAKE OF NOT SEEING THIS  MOVIE!
0870119435|3.0|I love Murakami, and this is a good book.  It is not, however, his best book.  Not even close.  I wonder if all these people are just trying to generate demand for when they auction off their copy on EBay, err, Amazon.
0767819594|5.0|I think many people would write this off as another teen flick in the midst of lots of mediocre ones.  But Cruel Intentions is so wonderful; it is sexy, romantic, smart, and sassy.  It may not be realistic, but it is a  masterful teenaged interpretation of Les Liasons Dangereux. This movie  really touched me, and I think it was well done and very entertaining.
B0000033P0|5.0|While this is no Brain Salad Surgery,this is one of the best pre-BSS  albums with the title track as the main piece of the album. 8.9 0f 10
0792156684|4.0|The age old story of the  Great Titanic is wonderful.But  the second part to the movie is far to depressing!!!
B00000K19E|5.0|Although many found the concepts hackneyed, the acting stilted and the action sequences borrowed, I say, let them think that, they're letting analysis and higher thinking get in the way of what is one of the most  enjoyable movie watching experiences I can call to mind.  The plot,  although it has its holes, is engaging and complex, and even  semi-spiritually based.  The action sequences are, IMHO, thrilling and  exquisite.  The effects are unmatched.  And the acting, again IMHO, is  GREAT.  I am NOT a Keanu fan, far from it, but I enjoyed his performance  thoroughly, and Fishburne was great as well.  The bottom line is, if you're  going to watch this with the intent of tearing apart, you'll have plenty of  handholds.  But, if you watch this ready to suspend disbelief and have a  EXCEPTIONALLY good time, then that is most certainly what you'll  experience.  This is in my top 5 favorites now, and I consider myself  fairly discriminating, although definitely a &quot;common man&quot; in my  tastes (Raising Arizona, Vertigo, The Princess Bride, The Crow and Pulp  Fiction are other favorites of mine, as a point of reference.)<br />Add to  that the fact that the DVD will have commentaries, behind-the-scenes clips,  documentaries, still galleries, and a DVD-ROM internet event in November,  and what you have here is one INCREDIBLE deal for a mere $15.  Best money  you could spend, this is a SHOWCASE DVD title.
0920668372|5.0|Please ignore any negative comments about this book and take itfor what it is...a CHILDREN's book about a mother's love.  Howcomforting for a child to know that no matter how old he gets or how naughty he may act, his mother/father will ALWAYS love him.  When my son is too old to rock in my lap, my heart will ache to hold him and I don't think I'm &quot;perverse&quot; for that.  He will always be my &quot;baby&quot;..from the time he was in my womb until he's taller than me.  <br />This story is about so much more than a mother sneaking in a window to rock her adult son. It's a description of how love is generational- the mother loves her child and he returns that love to her. Forget the psycho-babble and enjoy this treasure.  You'll have a hard time not crying when reading it.
B00000JMQE|4.0|I grew up reading the Oz books, and have always loved the original Wizard of Oz. I feel like this film is no classic, but a worthy successor and very much underrated by the critics of the 80's. Fairuza Balk makes a charming,  earnest and believable Dorothy who, as in the books, accepts everything,  even falling a thousand feet from the sky, as part of the adventure  (&quot;It can't be helped now!&quot;) The music score by David Shire is my  favorite film soundtrack, mixing Prokofiev-like themes with ragtime, true  to the turn-of-the-century setting of the story. The movie is no scarier  than the books, save that it may present certain aspects, such as the hall  of heads, less matter-of-factly than as presented in the books. Overall, a  visual and aural feast that deserves to be seen.
0920668372|5.0|Please ignore any negative comments about this book and take it for what it is...a CHILDREN's book about a mother's love.  How comforting for a child to know that no matter how old he gets or how naughty he may act, his  mother/father will ALWAYS love him.  When my son is too old to rock in my  lap, my heart will ache to hold him and I don't think I'm  &quot;perverse&quot;  for that.  He will always be my  &quot;baby&quot;..from the time he was in my womb until he's taller than  me.  <br />This story is about so much more than a mother sneaking in a window  to rock her adult son. It's a description of how love is generational- the  mother loves her child and he returns that love to her. Forget the  psycho-babble and enjoy this treasure.  You'll have a hard time not crying  when reading it.
B00000K19E|5.0|The only people who don't like the Matrix, are those who are either unwilling or unable to understand it on a psychological level. I've seen this movie eight times and every single character, every line, every scene  is part of an intensely complicated metaphor that incorporates elements  from Christianity, Zen, Buddhism, the hacker subculture, the drug  subculture, various martial arts, etc. <br />Those who dislike the Matrix, are  probably also uninterested in those subjects. Such individuals are probably  subconsciously unnerved by the message of the film, which is that unless  you find a way out, you are merely a &quot;copper top,&quot; I.E. battery  that fuels the machines that enslave you.<br />The thing you have to realize,  is that this is not meant to be taken in a literal way but is instead  intended to be a psychological metaphor for the way we are enslaved by  mechanical thought processes that ultimately serve corporate interests and  not our own. The bad guys all wear business attire, the good guys wear  gothic-styled clothing. <br />One must only venture onto  the Matrix bulletin board, to witness the vast outpouring of analysis of  this incredible motion picture. Even the acting (considering who they had)  is quite good. <br />So, if you like to watch movies in order to furthur  hypnotize yourself away from the reality of your situation, then I  recommend against watching the Matrix, reading any books by Gurdjieff,  trying to understand the Beastie Boys, or meditation.
0312954468|5.0|I lean toward nonfiction books, usually.  Yet, a friend recommended &quot;River God&quot; and &quot;Seventh Scroll&quot; to me...and I loved them.  They both had their hair-raising moments of suspense and danger;  plus, they included a little romance (but not enough to disgust unromantics  like me) and awesomely intriguing history tidbits.  Definitely one of those  &quot;must reads.&quot;
B00000K19E|5.0|not only was the movie exciting but if you think of the story line it was a great science fiction. it had the whats going on, the realization, and then the fighting part of the movie witch was all great
B000001DYY|5.0|I found this to be Tears for Fears' most interesting recording.  The melodies are diverse and unusual, with entertaining rhythmic variation.  I wasn't as enamored with &quot;Brian Wilson Said&quot; as some people -- its tempo and mood seem highly out-of-place in the recording -- but the rest of  the recording is a &quot;must&quot; for any Tears for Fears fan.
B00000K2SE|5.0|The Matrix was, in my opinion, THE movie to see of the year.  Forget Episode One: The Phantom Menace; The Matrix blew it out of the water!  With it's amazing visual effects, gripping plot and storyline, and wonderful  acting, it was a movie that kept me on the edge of my seat, and had me  walking out of the theater wondering, &quot;What -is- the Matrix, and is  this possible?&quot;   This movie is definately a must-see for ANYONE!
B00000K19E|5.0|When was it decided that a movie could not be good because it was simply an entertaining thrill ride. I have seen far too many great movies blasted because people have assigned cinema some grand higher purpose. Movies are  meant to be escapes, not just moving soico-political statements. It may  have been done better and cleaner elsewhere, but I haven't seen it if it  has, and how many truly original movies are there anyway.<br />This movie is  the most entertaining and visually intense movie I have seen in ages. Not  since ALIENS have I been so enthralled by what is transpiring in front of  me. It had an intriguing story idea and incredible imagery. Could the  acting or writing have been better? Probably. What movie can ever answer a  definitive no to that question? The lobby gunfight alone makes this movie  worth well more than the price of admission. I will definitely be among the  first in line to pop this into the DVD and allow myself to be blown away  again.
B00000JG41|5.0|WOOOW!.... I just heard California for a whole weekend and I cant get  tired of it!... Mr. Bungle are simply musical genious of our era, the simply have Ezquizofrenic music, its amazing how they dominate so many and  different rythms!!!... many bands are great with their own type of music,  but Patton and company are capable of dominating from beach rock to  hardcore and literally hundred of more rythms..... a MUST have.....
B0000009RT|5.0|I first heard this album in 1967 when I was 19; under appropriate circumstances! I cannot express in words my ...shock, awe, fear, fascination, exhileration.... In the 32 years since I never had a remotely  similar experience listening to music.
B00000IPAX|5.0|Blink's fourth album is their most mature out of all. Although it isn't their best cd it still rocks. They have really matured since Buddha and Cheshire Cat. Pick this one up today, but not before buying Buddha,  Cheshire Cat or their best one Dude Ranch.
0064471047|5.0|I'm 33 years old and have just re-read &quot;The Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe&quot;.  It is an absolutely gorgeous book--imaginative and beautiful, with a very moral center.  It is a Christian allegory.  I'm not  a Christian, but I can appreciate the skill and the depth of feeling Lewis  has for his subject.  Aslan the lion is a wonderful character.  He is  gentle and kind, but can also be fierce and fatal when the situation calls  for it.  The children are believable--they are basically good at heart, but  are certainly not perfect, and Edmund is extremely trying.  I'm so glad I  re-read this!  The first time I heard the story was in fourth grade.  Every  child in my class was rapt with attention when our teacher read this to us.   There is one part of the book where everyone in class put their heads down  and cried.  Then, the next day, when we heard the next chapter, everyone in  class laughed and smiled with relief and joy (everyone who has read this  book will know what part I'm writing about!)  Read this book, and then  re-read it.  You will never forget it!
B00000ILDE|5.0|Aliens has always been my favorite movie in the  whole quadlogy, for the overall exciting plot (it may sometimes be cheesy) and great special effects. It's a rarely good (in this case great) change from such a  brilliant, suspensful movie like Alien, to a fast paced gun-ho marine  shoot-em-up movie like Aliens. It works, don't ask me why, but it does; and  the results are absolutely beautiful. The grainy film transfer to the  beautifully crisp DVD makes even more worthwhile. Especially with the added  scenes, like the very first scene on LV-426 with the colony family taking a  little, but very, very suspenful and scary drive on the surface. The one  added scene with Ripley (Weaver) and Hicks (Biehn) just before the alien  hive is ripped to shreds, with class, by Ripley didn't really appeal to me  though. The whole &quot;Call me Dwaine&quot; thing really made me think  less of Biehn's character... for about five seconds, and did leave me  chuckling to myself. Overall, this is one of the best movies ever made, and  I would request it to any sci-fi buff who (for some odd reason) hasn't seen  it yet.
0060977493|1.0|With all the awards this got, I forced my way to keep reading, hoping it would get better.  I got through half of it, bored with the stories and the writing style. I didn't care about any of the characters and could find nothing remotely compelling about the storyline. Seems that a lot of reader comments were similar to this. I wish I would have read them before buying the book.
B000000P11|5.0|This album never gets old.  To me, it always feels timeless and appropriate, and it never fails to pull at my consciousness.
0767811038|1.0|This is the worst movie I have ever seen in my entire life.  I feel the same way about this movie as I do about Natural Born Killers (the second worst movie I have ever seen).  They both are supposed to have a message  written in blood, but they fail miserably in making any point at all (IMO).  No matter what the director says his intentions were, it was obvious to me  that he intended only to entertain the male teenage crowd who likes blood,  explosions, sex, and nudity.  As bad as the movie was, I still plan to  read the book because I do like GOOD science fiction (which the movie was  not according to the rules for SF).
B00000JGOH|5.0|Ive seen SIL three times and only once on the big screen. To m, it is everything that film should be. it is funny when it should be, charming in many places, captivating, beautifully costumed, but overall, you come away  with a sense of wonder, like you had actually been in the movie with all of  the players, experiencing what they had, waiting with them for what could  come next. gwyneth paltrow was stunning and beautiful and convincing, and i  thought she very much deserved best actress. i will watch this movie until  the dvd breaks and then buy another one, it is that good.
B0000027RL|4.0|This is by far the best Pearl Jam album. I don't have to pick the best songs to listen, they all have the same unique quality. Still, the band had very low sense of perfection in those days, making the live performances  the real enjoyment of the fans. If you compare Ten with Yield, for example,  its very easy to see the difference. Ten is pure talent.
B000002N2Z|4.0|I like this CD alot.But it has a few weak points like &quot;One Weak&quot; and &quot;Bored&quot;.&quot;Lifter&quot; pretty bad too.Buy it if you fast,hard,maddly whack music.<br />NOTE:The best track is by far &quot;7  Words&quot;.
B00000ICD9|5.0|The special effects in this movie were just mind blowing.  This is one movie that couples should enjoy together.  Very, Very heart-warming movie.  Highly recommened for married couples or couples just getting started.
B00000G3CK|5.0|This is a movie that I hadn't heard a thing about, but decided to take a chance on and rent it.  Man am I glad I did.  As a huge movie lover, this movie came out of nowhere and is now one of my favorites of all time.  The  randomness and bazar camera work just drew me in and kept me from wanting  to blink.  This movie is beautifully written and has an amazing way of  coming together.  This is a must see.  If you have any kind of inteligence,  you won't be let down!
B000000H3Z|4.0|This album explains why Sepultura reached stardom in the underground scenario of metal. IT is fast-paced, authentic, full of incredible guitar riffs, a great drummer, good lyrics. Unfortunately, Cavalera's exit from the band marke their destiny. They'll never be the same.
0767817478|4.0|Godzilla was destined to be a dissapointment, but only because it was the most hyped movie ever, outside of the George Lucas universe.  If it made $200 million instead of &quot;only&quot; $140 million, it'd still be a  dissapointment because it didn't make more. But forget the grosses, forget  the critics panning, and watch it for what it is; a monumental achievment.  A great summer movie is fun, loud, and doesn't require a triple digit IQ.  Godzilla is that. And what are all the comments about the lack of plot? I  recall the original Godzilla movies were just a guy in a cheap suit  trampling cardboard buildings. Oh what genius screenwriting.    Now, about  the new and improved version.In a nutshell, awesome, spectacular, and  visually stunning. When they showed the first glimpse of Godzilla, my heart  was racing. The thunderous footsteps sent chills up my spine. Then later  on, we're treated to the full monty: Godzilla, bigger, leaner, and a whole  lot meaner. When that chopper is consumed underneath, I nearly cheered. But  I saved it for the final reel.  The last chase scene in the cab is without  a doubt, the greatest in movie history. When the cab shoots out of  Godzilla's mouth, I cheered as if the Niners won the Superbowl.    The only  reason I didn't give it a full 5*'s is because the movie slows down in the  middle. Too much talk, not enough destruction. Also, it was kind of sad  when Godzilla's babies were killed. The death of Godzilla was also a  letdown. I'll save the full 5*'s for the sequel, which promises to be  redeeming.
B000002L6P|5.0|Madonna was best in the 80's, when her songs were about nothing but were really really fun and catchy. &quot;Material Girl&quot; is a classic. You will find yourself singing along to every song!
0780020685|5.0|I only have one small complaint with the Criterion DVD release: at times the subtitles flash too quickly when it's really not necessary to do so.  I had to shuttle back several times to catch lines, which was a bit  disruptive. Other than that, this is a great pic.
0783228317|5.0|jon depp and hunter S. tompsonis one of the most underrated actors and writers ofour time and is a american icon to the american people.
B000002WCJ|5.0|Perfect. Listen to it. Enjoy it. Pick up your favorite track: Eagles Fly Free? Rise and Fall? It's hard to choose. This is the last Hellowwen CD featuring guitarrist Kai Hansen. After that, nothing was the same...
B000005J56|5.0|This CD with it's Cuban Heart, with traces of a Multiracial Soul is the best Music I heard in a long time. It's like falling in love.
0385493800|3.0|I liked this book. Very easy to read.  Not alot of plot twistsor action.  Doesn't keep you sitting on the edge of your seat.  But alight summer read that you can finish in a few days.  What I like about Grisham is that he writes interesting stories without alot of cursing by his characters.  Very refreshing.  More religion in this book which surprised me and pleased me to find an author not afraid to talk about Christian ideals.
6304211740|4.0|This version has all the romantic music that you could ask for - Franco Zeffirelli outdid himself lining this up!  That said, this version unfortunately lacks certain elements.  William Hurt does portray Rochester  well, and has a twinkle in his eye while doing so, but being blond messes  up his credibility - didn't anyone read the book?  Charlotte Gainsbourg is  a good Jane, but the scenes involving the two are too short to really make  you feel what they are supposed to feel.  Joan Plowright is a wonderful  Mrs. Fairfax, and Elle MacPhearson as Blanch Ingram makes you want to slap  that snotty smirk off her face!  I don't know why two of the versions of  Jane Eyre - this one and the 1944 version - have Jane fleeing Thornfield to  go to Gateshead - in the book, she ended up in Morton and Moor House, not  Gateshead!  And as we who read the book also know, although it makes a good  dramatic point to have Thornfield burn down the day Jane leaves, it  actually burns down two months later!  This version is a good one to watch  if you don't have much time (it clocks in at just under two hours), but for  me, I very much prefer the Timothy Dalton/Zelah Clark version, which  fleshes out the book SO much better.
B00000AFDW|3.0|Say what you want about this CD, but the song &quot;Psycho Circus&quot; is pure KISS rock'n'roll of the old times. The rest is really cheesy, not very inspired, but is not so bad as some fans try to say. In general, is an authentic recording (even taking account of Gene Simmons's known interest  in making huge profits. &quot;Into the Void&quot;, by Ace Frehley, shows  that this guy is a real musician.
B00000J7JO|4.0|After two months or so I finally decided to pick up the lastest RHCP release, and I must say it is a great album. My favorites are Around the World (its hilarious when Anthony speaks Chinese), Scar Tissue,  Californication, and Road Trippin. I definately recommend you pick this one  up.
B00000DGUG|5.0|When I first listened to this album, I really liked it.  I listened to it over and over;  I had to put it down and give it a break for a little while.  I started listening to it again. and I love it more than ever.  I  realize that the reason why I like Alanis so much is because the lyrics in  her songs reflect so much on my life.  I think exactly the way she feels a  lot of the time, so I can see where she is coming from.  She may be a  little loud and whiny, but she is awesome and I love her!!  I hope she  keeps putting out recordings.
6303415571|3.0|Its not all that because the sound track is off by a quarter of a second giving the video a &quot;classic-kung-fu-type-of-lipsynching&quot; look...which is truly annoying, and if that wasnt bad enough the sound is  poor...but overall, I guess this is as good as it gets.  I'd like to see  Keys to Acension I, that would be awesome!!
0517122707|5.0|This is one of the funniest book I've ever read - the characters are just unbelievably pathetic. That J.K.Toole managed to invent a protagonist as absurd yet convincing as Ignatius is reason enough for me to consider him -  contrary to other opinions - worthy of the Pulitzer Prize.
0307160254|5.0|It brought tears to my eyes when I found that this book was available on this site... for years I made my mother read it to me every single night in the voice of Grover (poor mom!), but since I have 2 younger siblings, every  toy or book I treasured was given to them, which they did not appreciate  nor take care of, but that's another story! Now that I have a son, I want  him to know the joy that this book brought to me and at the same time  brighten his days!
B0000057C5|5.0|Up until a few weeks ago, Rammstein was pretty much unheard of down here in New Zealand. But Du Hast has been released as a single and these guys are to say the least MINDBLOWING!! I don't speak a word of German, but it  doesn't matter. THESE GUYS ROCK !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! You've gotta get it.
0783233477|5.0|Death is a strange thing to us. Personalizing death is difficult but this movie does a heck of a good job at it. 3 hours is long but... every word, every gesture, every turn is riveting. While this movie is a theoretical  approach to the substance of death, it does it in a way that will envelop  you and make you believe you are watching reality. I have watched it at  least half a dozen times and I'm still not tired of it. It will definitely  tug at your heartstrings.
6304675348|5.0|This is by far one of the best horror movies ever made, much better done than the godawful FREDDY series. Though please buy this(UK viewers!) before they ban it here. Two 14 year olds watched this movie then went out and  stabbed another kid, and they had supposedly been influenced by it. Horror  films do not make people kill. It's the fault of the parents who could not  bring them up properly. Scream is an 18 certificate in the UK, so why did  the foolish parents let them view it? Anyway, such news can add to this  film's cult status. So ignore the do-gooders who try to ban everything and  watch this. It is a classic in the genre, need I say more?
B000002J09|5.0|This is it. The greatest band ever, IMHO, taking bigger strides in rock and roll than any other (besides maybe the Beatles), creating modern rock as we know it, is called Led Zeppelin, and their best album is Led Zeppelin  IV (or Zoso, Rune, Untitled, or whatever). There are 8 songs, and I would  buy a CD with pure crap just to get a chance to hear one of these. Black  Dog and Rock and Roll are classic rock songs. Battle of Evermore and Going  to California are nice softer tunes. Four Sticks is awesome. Misty Mountain  Hop rules. When the Levy Breaks has one of the coolest guitar solos ever,  and Stairway to Heaven... my second favorite song ever (second only to  Beethoven's 9th, heh). This album is worth anything you must pay. Get it  new, not used. Get it remastered. Please... you'll never regret it.
0802130208|5.0|I read ten pages every time I go to visit my mother and sister.  It is so good I do not want it to end.  I am one-third through it.  I have to stop from laughing out loud and disturbing the tranquility of the house.  If I  bought my own copy and read it in my own home, I would finish it too soon  and the dream/nightmare would be over.  Reading the reviews would open that  valve wide on Mr. Ignatius.  If only there were more like him.  Funniest  book I ever read.  Catch-22 is not on this level of absurdity.  And the  crudity works.
B000002VJH|4.0|As one reviewer said, one is better off buying &quot;One From The Vault&quot;-- same tunes played live as well as more music. Still, a welcome addition to any collection. I love it as it reminds me watching the  Dead live at the Great Pyramids of Giza-- great show and maybe 1500 fans  (plus some puzzled passersby!). Got a great picture of Jerry and my buddy  traded Phil a chain and pendant for Phils' belt (it had a unique Steal Your  Face buckle)...man, I miss those guys.
B000002UW1|5.0|This is R.E.M.'s best album of the 80's.  With New Adventures in Hi-Fi, it is one of the must-have recordings of rock music.  While all their records are good, on this masterpiece R.E.M. have no slow moments--every song is  rife with energy and originality.  You even hear a saxophone in one of the  songs, and guess what--it works great!  Stop reading and buy this freaking  record!
6304698658|5.0|I watch this movie all year round.  I put it in the VCR at bedtime to fall asleep by.  It is just so funny from start to finish.  It is Chevy Chase's best work.
B00000J7JO|5.0|Naysayers beware.  This album has the Chili Peppers growing up and out.  It's deep, rich, textured and most importantly it rocks, bounces, and grooves.  It's sad to see some people underrating this CD because they want another Blood Sugar or whatever.  Wake up, people.  Buy this CD and  discover the greatness that RHCP had in themselves all along.
068484267X|5.0|I can't wait to read the sequel.  Mr. McCourt's writing style made me feel like I was in the streets with him.  I really received an education on this one!
B00000I0XW|5.0|I found it amazing in reading the comments on Brightman's interpretation of Lloyd-Webber's music that no one mentioned she was married to him at the time he composed &quot;Phantom&quot; and he fought for the right to feature  her in the role of Christine when the play opened in New York.  It is  therefore  no surprise that she brings a certain richness to  these  songs--they were written for her voice!!!!
B000000OF6|5.0|One of the best CD's I own
0060975768|5.0|I served as an infantry officer in Vietnam with the 25th Infantry Division from May 1969-April 1970. If someone wanted to try to understand what that war was all about...and had the time or inclination to read only one book;  this would be that book. It's all here, the pain of losing comrades, the  pain and loss felt by friends and family back home, and a very solid  explanation of why we lost that war by Gen. Moore at the end.<br />If you  served in Vietnam as infantry...or in any war as infantry, this book was  written by infantry for infantry. It took me back 30 years.
6305358567|3.0|My initial reaction after viewing this one was, &quot;WHY wasthis film nominated for BEST PICTURE, when it really wasn't all thatgreat?!!&quot; I mean, aside from the impressive period feel and costuming, I found little to recommend!  Still, there's little else out there regarding this historical subject, so those interested in England's reformation period will probably enjoy it.
0440133688|2.0|I am sure most doctors and nurses can testify to the contents of this book but it was so poorly written that I couldn't even finish it. It's full of ackward prose and unintelligible gibberish. It's very hard to find the real  story because Shem's incompetency as a writer is very profound.
014028009X|5.0|I loved this book.  It was like a day at Disney World...just plain fun.  I felt like it could've been my own diary I was reading...only a lot funnier.  I truly hated to finish this book.  Hope she writes a sequel.
B00000AFGM|5.0|This artist, unlike so many others, has discovered a way to express his thoughts, feelings and behaviors without intimidation.  I have much respect for that.  His newest album, &quot;Mechanical Animals&quot;, demonstrates  that his musical diversity matches his social deviance.  The riffs are  rockin', the lyrics are well-worded, and the sonic architecture is  downright awesome.  Manson, like his mentor (Trent Reznor of Nine Inch  Nails), has definitely found his niche, and this album is one of the best  portaits he's painted.  Pick it up and check it out.  If you can get past  the false impression that this stuff will make you want to kill your  parents and sodomize the family pet, you'll see that there is so much more  depth involved in Manson's work that even YOU might appreciate it.
6301966562|5.0|I grew up right in the middle of the personal computer revolution.  This movie and &quot;War Games&quot; are far and away classic computer movies.  This is why I cherish them both.  Never again will movies like these be  made, because that wonderful era of computer exploration is over.  On top  of all that, this movie has outstanding music that both jams and soothes  the soul, not to mention the very touching romantic story wrapped around  it.  I own a very very old copy of it, but would like to replace it when  the price drops - whenever that will be!
6300248550|5.0|I don't know how ANYBODY can say this movie is boring, or too long, or Zela is too old for the part, or Dalton is too good looking for it. Yes, Dalton is very, very handsome but there could not be another Rochester but  him, if you enjoy this pair of magnificent actors, theatre trained actors,  you forget their looks, their ages and how fat they really are. The story  sticks to the book almost to the T, I have read it and it is almost  identical, true, some of us wish the end would have been longer, but the  book really doesn't end up too much different, except Bronte mentions  Adelle being at a boarding school. This is really a magnificent love story,  very well acted by these two actors that keeps audience that really know  about true good acting glued to the screen, even if it was six hours long.  Same goes for all the actors that complete this story, like St. John  Rivers, and his sisters, and the mean aunt and kids, and that abominable  Ms. Blanche. Good for Dalton! I fell in love with him after Beautician and  the Beast, which made me buy Jane Eyre and most of his movies now, and I am  a member of the Timothy Dalton Chat Group now and their representative in  spanish language, bravo for Dalton and Zela and this movie. Wish they had  made another one, and another, and another...!
B000002UB3|5.0|The Best??  Don't know for sure!  17 great tracks, never a dull moment.  The intro for She Came In Thru The Bathroom Window still sends chills up n'down my spine, when John shouts: &quot;Whoa!  Look out!!&quot;  The Sun  King trilogy is the greatest: (Mean Mr. Mustard,Poly. Pam and She Came In  Thru Bathroom Window.)  A great mellow album and great bass, too!!  Crank  it up, it's Abbey Road!!!  Here Comes The Sun, Come Together, Something,  Octopus's Garden, Her Majesty  can all be found here!
B0000041LL|5.0|It is said that when Schubert was about to die, he asked to listen to Beethovens Op 131 for the very last time. Listen to this magnificient recording and youll see why such a genius was so impressed and always felt not to have come close to Ludwig vons masterity. The other 9 discs are  well filled of music which flows from a sublime soul. Id rather own the  entire set of Quartets than split them between &quot;early&quot; and  &quot;late&quot; ones. Any way you can, make sure you have this opus in  your collection.
B000002UAU|3.0|A Day in the Life is good, some other songs are, too, but I think Rubber Soul or Magical Mystery Tour should have been the Beatles 'Album of the Year' award winner.  (R.S. in `65 and MMT in `67). I know that this was the most original concept but I don't see where it won album of the year.  I  love the Beatles, so it's not a crime for me to say this.  But other  Beatles albums should have won the '..of the Year' award.
B000007NYS|5.0|This CD is an American music classic. This is roots music at its best.  The selections may be familar to the casual fan because of cover versions by Mary Chapin and Tom Petty, but they do not match the intensity or honesty of Ms. Williams performance.  &quot;Side of the Road&quot; alone  makes this CD underpriced.
B00000DGUG|5.0|When I first listened to this CD, I wasn't sure what to make of it.  It wasn't much like her first CD, and I didn't know whether to like it or not.  Then I listened to it a second time.  It was one of the best CDs I have listened to!  It takes a little to get used to the difference, but believe  me, this is well worth it!  I'm listening to the album as I write this, and  I can't believe the brilliance of her music.  Sympathetic Character is  extremely dramatic, while One is like listening to her admit her own faults  to you, like a confession!  Each song is filled with so much genuine  emotion, you can't help but take it to heart.  I bought this CD along with  Jewel's Spririt, and I must say, I like this one A LOT better.  This one  doesn't pretend to have emotion.  This one actually does.  It's not  pretentious like Spirit.  Don't buy that album!  Buy this one!
B00000K19E|1.0|Where to begin?  This movie was so hyped and so adored by the MTV advertising executives that it actally did well at the box office.  Throughout the movie (I would not give this the honor of  bestowing it with title &quot;film&quot;) there are numerous references to  ALice in Wonderland and the Wizard of Oz.  If only it were 1/100th as good  as either of these tales.  The production design was pretty interesting but  does not make up for the lack of storyline and the absoultely abhorrent  acting abilities of our dear friend Keanu.  Avoid this one at all costs!
6305265488|5.0|Okay, I'll admit &quot;Private Ryan&quot; was pretty powerful, but who can bare to watch it more than once (ladies) or twice (men)?  &quot;Ever After&quot;, on the other hand, has the charm, fabulous performances, rich  story, and humor to appeal to men, women and children alike.  It's a  timeless telling of the well-known Cinderella fairytale, told with clever  humor and some great twists.  My husband, who loathes  &quot;chick-flicks&quot;, gave it his personal &quot;thumbs up&quot;. Upon  viewing the video w/ my girlfriend who has a BA in French and minored in  French History (in other words,extremely discriminating), she suddenly  declared in the middle of film &quot;I HAVE to own this movie!&quot;.  As  it is, everyone I know owns this film.  I am just sorry I never saw it in  theatre.  It received fine accolades by critics, but poor advertising.  Do  see &quot;Ever After&quot; on video.  In fact, don't waste $3 renting  it--just buy it.  Chances are you will, anyway!  It has  everything--fabulous acting by Huston and Barrymore, wonderful romance via  a handsome Prince (Dougray Scott, bestill my heart!), great music, wit, and  spirit.  One of my personal favorites of all time!
B00000J7J4|5.0|What a treat for listeners of all ages!<br />Skip the first tune (go back to it later) and enjoy a display of Carlos Santana's unique blend of power, sensitivity, and diversity on guitar along with a nice lineup of currently-high-profile artists on 12 consecutive exceptionally strong  tracks.<br />What other guitarists in the world could have produced at this  level with such a diversity of artists?  Anwer:  Only Eric &amp; Jimmy (in  peace).<br />Enjoy especially the last track (13) where Eric and Carlos trade  feelingful straight-as-an-arrow blues chops.  Then stick with this tune to  the end - it has an extra section not included in the credits with some  nice acoustic guitar.<br />We're fortunate to still have you, Carlos and Eric.   We miss you Jimmy.<br />Al Mora
0375707972|4.0|This book is definatly worth reading. It starts out very intersting with the hot love affair, which keeps you turning the pages. The middle did  get somewhat boring, but things picked up again towards the end. The ending was  vey unexpected!!!
0792156684|2.0|The movie looks great, and the scenes depicting the struggle ofpassengers towards the end of the movie are touching and pathetic.However, this &quot;Titanic&quot; is ultimately a disappointment. After viewing it, one can spend hours thinking of ways Cameron could have made the movie better.  The story is puerile.  The characters are 90's cliches.  That this movie won an Oscar indicates just how big of a joke the Academy Awards have become.  Buy &quot;A Night to Remember&quot; instead.
B000002U9L|5.0|This sdtrk is a must-have for the Die HArd Labyrinthe &amp; Bowie fans. The songs UNNDERGROUND, AS THE WORLD FALLS... &amp; WITHIN YOU have a classic Bowie touch, and MAGICK DANCE &amp; CHILLY DOWN are great if you  want to &quot;Sway... under the moon light, the serious  moonlight&quot;...THIRTEEN O'CLOCK &amp; INTO THE LABYRINTH are perfect  songs to dream of Sarah,Ludo, Hoggle, Sir Ditimus, Jareth...and don't  forget poor Toby...
B00000IQMT|5.0|The Star Wars songs are all very powerful pieces of music.John Williams is a genius when it comes to music and he doesn't disappoint here.Although it doesn't contain my favorite Star Wars song,The Imperial March,it does  contain the famous Star Wars Theme and Duel of the Fates[one of my  favorites].Anyone who has seen Episode 1 or at least wants to,should buy  this wonderful c.d.Thanks John for this great album!
B0000087QO|5.0|Blondie is one of my favorite bands. It's almost funny how the band was considered punk, and debby harry a legendary badgrl...but times were different back then, and thanks to blondie times changed for the better.   Parrallel Lines is with-out doubt THE best Blondie album ever released!  Will anything Happen, Picture this, Sunday Girl--there isn't one bad song-  not one! If this album doesn't turn you gals into a bleached-blonde  sass-machine--I don't know what will, hunny!
079073382X|5.0|This movie is just great.  It just goes on and on and it doesn't get boring.  It is like watching two people live through a day.  Fascinating, undeniably romantic, and extremely original.
6304143184|2.0|Come on, an alien that comes to earth?  OUCH!  And the lighting finger that can heal any cut or wound?  It is boring! CapitalB-o-r-i-n-g!
0380973464|5.0|thank God! This book is fantastic. The only thing I have to add, and it may be covered below in better detail, is the presence of an early look at Cryptonomicon.  In an issue of Vanity Fair (I think) two or more years ago,  there was an excerpt from what must either be a work still in progress or  something Neil pitched. It was hard core cyberlabel and invloved hacking  into sentient car alarms.  I hope it'll show up eventually. <br />This guy can  write a KFC menu and I'd still read it.<br />He defines the genre without  definition.
B000002HHB|5.0|Her songs come from the soul
0140281622|5.0|I had to read this book for my Honors English Class.  I thought it was going to be boring but I read the first 250 pages in one sitting.  It was a good book. I did not like the ending but it was still a good book.
B000002H97|5.0|The most beautifuly written metaliica album period. Nothing else matters is probably one of the top ten metal songs in the last 25 years. This the best produced product that Metallica has put out yet. The Black Album was  the end of the truly heavy metal that the masters have put out. While they  have not gotten soft they have toned it down a bit. This is the true  epitome of the masters of metal.
B000001IPL|5.0|After getting Americana first I went and got Smash.I listened to it all the way threw and took a five minute breake and listened to it again. I couldn't decide which was better this or Americana so I like them the same.I recomend them both. The best songs on it are Bad Habit,Gotta Get  Away,Come Out and Play,Self Esteem,and What Happened To You. The only song  I don't like is So Alone it is short,rushed,and stupid.Other than that this  cd is awsome.
B000002H6C|5.0|Metallica rocks! They're views on political power and injustice is the heart of the album. One is the most powerful song that can ever written about the horrors of war. I have grown up on Metallica's mastery which is  truly displayed in this album and contains one of Cliff Burton's final  contributions to the song format.
B00000DHRZ|5.0|I really didn't care for music until I heard some of Offsprings songs from Americana. I went and bought the cd and i was hooked on it. I listened to it everyday for about a month. The only songs I don't like on it are Feelings and Pay The Man, other than that all the other songs are good.  Even Pretty Fly for a White Guy is ok but it is not great. If you like  Americana go bye Smash and Inaxy on the Hombre because they are good to.
B00000IPAX|5.0|This is the first CD that I have bought in a long time that I can listen to all the way thru.  There's more of an emo sound than their earlier albums, both in the lyrical content and the instrumental work.  The  dynamics are very emo, and at times they sound like they'd be better off on  Deep Elm or Jade Tree that MCA records.  Their drummer Travis is insane  (dig the rapid-fire fills!) and the major label production really  complements him.  Though some may find their brand of humour child-like and  immature, to a high school senior its things you hear every day and are  easy to relate to.
6305365121|1.0|Anyone remember the episode from ST:TNG called &quot;Who Watches the Watchers&quot;?  I think it was a third season episode.  Doesn't this movie look familiar now?  Personally I think the true Star Trek died when  Roddenbury did.  If Gene saw this movie he would roll over in his grave.   Well except for the fact that he is in orbit...
B000002LLK|5.0|My first reaction was the same as the first customer review you posted.  To say that Three Days gets bogged down boggles the mind.  It is one the most dynamic and emotional masterpieces ever written in rock and roll  history.  Each section builds on the previous one.  The album in general is  an all-time great with hard charging songs like Stop and beautiful melodies  such as Then She Did.  Even the over-exposed Been Caught Stealing is  original and shows that the band can really go in any direction, and go  there better than anyone before.  A must have!
0767802659|3.0|Very funny movie. Sound is excellent on DVD, picture also very good.  Verhoven's commentary pretty boring, however -- talks too much about technical details and repeats himself often. Some very minor deleted scenes  and a few screen tests are mildly amusing. Superior to Robocop.
B000005DSN|5.0|I am a huge fan of both classical and heavy metal music. When Yngwie Malmsteen hit the scene in the early eighties I was blown away by him. I never thought that anyone would ever be able to write music that seamlessly  meshed the two forms as well as he did.<br />I was wrong.....<br />Though I do  still consider Yngwie's Rising force the benchmark in this genre, I do feel  that Stratovarius is a much better songwriting band than any of Yngwie's  groups. The instrumental &quot;Holy Light&quot; is far and beyond, and  without a shadow of a doubt the most brilliant neo-classical instrumental  written in a long, long time. From the blistering intro featuring Jens and  Timo's doubling to the absoloutley gorgeous acoustic interlude where Timo  plays electric guitars gently in the background like a string section (very  reminicent of Brian May) to the mysterious, chugging bass line outro with  Timo and Jens trading licks I find myself eagerly anticipating the end so I  can hit the back button on the CD player and hear it all again. A fantastic  piece of music, and easliy my favorite Stratovarius track.<br />I will say,  however, that I feel that Episode is a better CD, overall. :^)
6305308659|3.0|Lighthearted, amusing comedy which becomes unnecessarily menacing at the end when evil characters start becoming racist; because race issue is resolved so quickly and without much thought, these racist overtones are  somewhat disturbing.  Art direction, however, is excellent.  Sound on the  DVD is o.k.  Great Fiona Apple video directed by P.T. Anderson is included  in the Extra Features.  Another very good New Line disc in another very  crappy WB's case.
B000001FDQ|5.0|The instrumentals on this album are the standards by which all other neo-classical artists measure themselves. Rising Force was the breakthrough album for the entire movement that followed. Yngwie pioneered this genre of  music and Rising Force is his magnum opus. Yngwie's composing and playing  on this album are innovative, inspiring, and technically brilliant and is  easily one of my favorite albums of all time. To me it represents so much  more than flash and &quot;parlor tricks&quot;; it was the birth of  refreshing new style of music that combined the intensity of rock with the  artistry and virtuosity of Baroque classical.
B000000WFZ|5.0|I have collected over 70 film scores, and this is, by far, one of the best in my collection!  I could listen to this over and over again, between the moving chants and the sensational instrument use and note patterns!  This is a must for a soundtrack collector!
0679746048|5.0|A young teenager feels she is going mad and checks herself into a &quot;clinic&quot;. There she meets her true friends and learns what it is like to be compassionate person. Girl, Interupted is developing classic of  the new age.
B00000ADG2|4.0|This is one of the only rap or hip-hop CDs that I own, and it is one of the only ones I like.  Here is a woman with a great voice as well as songwriting and musical talent.
0312199066|5.0|The Last Man on the Moon is just a wonderful book about an unparalleled adventure. Yet as inspirational as it was I also found it sad. 30 years ago telephones had dials, records were made of vinyl, a color TV was considered  high tech and men walked on the moon. What has happened to us? Have we lost  our nerve?
630512065X|5.0|This has to be one of my favorite movies of all time. When I saw the musical I had crappy seats, so seeing it up close is wonderful. My favorite characters are Jemima and Mistofolees. Someday I hope to be in Cats.
6304675399|1.0|This movie is so bad, I don't know where to begin. So let's start with the director. Wes Craven hasn't done anything even remotely scary since &quot;Last House On The Left&quot;, and &quot;Deadly Blessing&quot;. This  movie is littered with cliches from start to finish, showing only all too  clearly the limitations of its makers. &quot;Leave your brain at home&quot;  seems to be the motto here.  -And that's precisely why it isn't scary,  ofcourse. Atmosphere: none existing. It's not even funny. If you think a  &quot;cloak-dressed-knife-wielding-someone-in-a-silly-mask&quot; is a  frightning thing, then you're in a lot of trouble, indeed. The plot. -Hard  to spot. It just didn't matter who the killer was, it could have been any  one of the kids. Be warned: this film is not aimed at people who like good  horror movies, but teens of the MTV-generation...and younger still.(God  help us!.) -I guess it's no wonder it was a big hit, after all. And if it  hadn't been, few of the actors would be talking fondly about it now, I'm  sure. -They would all have forgotten about it by now. And so have I.  (P.S.-Since the sequel is even worse, a &quot;1 star&quot;-rating here is  sufficient.)
B00000K19E|5.0|visually amazing, well put together, clever, intelegent script.  This i believe is the best sci-fi film (modern) of them all.
B000002E5J|4.0|I heard her most recent cd, &quot;Donde estan los ladrones,&quot; when I was in South America and was instantly delighted.  I was prepared to be disapointed with this one (aren't almost all sequels and prequels disapointing?)but I am enjoying it as I type.  There are some very typical  Shakira songs-emotional,moving and still upbeat.  Like I said, get nuts and  treat yourself.
6302797535|5.0|I will never forget the day a college professor of mine bad-mouthed this movie.  He hated anything with Neil Simon's name on it.  Well, I must say he lost all credibilty with me at that very moment...  This is a classic  spoof on Hollywood's murder mysteries.  The performances are outstanding  (final performances for several of the cast members--at least according to  Movie-hound).  If you've never seen it, do!  Make sure you watch the  credits to the end.  I can't wait for the DVD!
B00000IHHM|5.0|I'm overwhelmed by the beauty and poignancy of the music and story.  If you love B'way musicals (like Les Miz,) don't miss this powerful CD. So many singable and memorable songs.  Absolutely wonderful vocal performances.  The great news, I hear, is that the show will finally open  here in the US at the Paris Las Vegas Hotel in January!  I can't wait to  hear it in person.
6300182266|5.0|I remember the first time I saw Galactica.  I don't think I blinked once through the entire first hour.  I was blown away, just like I was by Star Wars.  I think most of this episode holds up over the years, with the  possible exception of the casino scenes.  The first half hour is still  fantastic, there are glimpses of humor, great special effects, and plenty  of action.  I find it hard to believe the effects were that good 20 years  ago on TV.  They're better than that computer generated stuff they use on  the Star Trek series, that's for sure.
1573226521|5.0|This book is my absolute favourite of all time. The way he describes the surroundings &amp; the characters is amazing. And those little observations on everything from Nintendo to Tintin are right on the spot. Buy it! Read  it! Then buy two extra copies, one cause youll wear the first one out, the  other one you should put in a frame on yer wall. Now DO IT.
6300184528|2.0|The less said about this one, the better.  How many times have we seen one of the main characters accused of a crime he didn't commit? They're out in space, they can meet anything, anyone, that the writers can come up  with....and they do a story like this.
0375701427|1.0|Sorry, but I just cannot understand all the hype and acclaim surrounding this book since its publication.  The tragic decheance of Swede Levov (and why, after all, him?) simply does not hold up four hundred pages of  rambling, digressive and poorly edited prose. Since just about every story  on the planet has been told in one form or another, what makes a novel  worth reading is the language and the execution of the work.  Roth just did  not pay enough attention to these two qualities.  His writer's cornucopia  is surely overbrimming with words and invention; but he does not channel  this ebullience into flawless, well-crafted narrative.  As a writer myself  (and having written bad narrative, as well), I could spot all the poor  instances of unedited verbal wash: passages and passages of dialogue and  reminiscences that shot forth from the author's keyboard and were left to  stand without any rework.  This could be attributed to Roth's arrogance and  jadedness: an established writer no longer bound to be at his very best,  because the work will be published one way or another.  The Pulitzer Prize?  Probably for his life's work, but certainly not for this one.
6300184501|4.0|I think this one lived up to its potential.  I hated this one as a kid; like it as an adult.  Funny how your opinions and perceptions change from 13 to 33.
B000002GQL|5.0|This is one of the finest works by one of the greatest rock bands of all time.  Mike Pinder's Lost In A Lost World and Free Man highlight an album with no weak links.  Pinder, Hayward, Lodge, and Thomas were all at the top of their game here.  This is a must for any Moody Blues fan.
6304437137|3.0|very big words that make no sense.  But I digress.  This is one of those shows I liked as a kid and seem really bad as an adult.  These 2 hours could have been spent on coming up with something much more original  without the cylons.
B000002GQK|5.0|One magical song after another makes this one of the best albums the Moodies have created. One More Time To Live, The Story In Your Eyes, and Our Guessing Game our true highlights of an album which has no weak links.  Mike Pinder is in rare form with My Song, and...C'mon, folks, Nice To Be  Here is classic Ray Thomas! Another gem from the greatest band NOT in the  Rock And Roll Hall of Fame- what are they thinking??????
6300184471|4.0|This isn't one of the few classics of BG episodes, but if they never got any worse than this, I'm sure the series would have survived.  The interaction between Baltar and the head cylon -- I forget his name right  now -- were funny and the story, though nothing fantastic, was entertaining  enough.  A good grade B episode.
B000003TA4|5.0|I think everything possible about this CD has been said by everybody else, but I just need to add one thing--Nevermind is one of the only albums that I can listen through the whole thing without skipping a single song.  This  is the best album ever by the best band ever!
B000005J56|5.0|Thank you ray Cooder the movie was wonderful and I am going to buy the album.  As a Jazz singer I feel this music is unique to the Cuban people.  However everytime I heard Ray Cooder playing with a contemporary sound my  skin crawled. Ray take out the modern day sound and take off that glass  tube on your finger and all will be well. This is old world music respect  it.
6304795254|5.0|Never gets old.  Just keeps you interested in a gentle mysterious way.  I love it, and look forward to the DVD version.  Yes!
B00000DGXN|5.0|Pat, Gary, Chick, Haynes &amp; Holland: Need one say more
6303443214|5.0|i love this movie!!! i saw it for the first time when i was younger...alot younger. and never stopped thinking about it. i bought as soon as i saw it. Kirsten Dunst does a excellent job convincing you that she is a women  inside a girl's body. Brad Pitt and Tom Cruise delivered their best  performances of their careers. it's a shame that Oscars weren't given for  the actors in this movie. i could NEVER get tired of it. and i've read the  book two or three times and it's a shame they had to cut out a lot of the  parts. but the movie is the best in the business and years later not even  the Titanic can beat this movie. I LOVE  IT!!!!! p.s. these vampires are  way more realistic than Dracula and Transylvania
6305052158|4.0|This movie has one of the better dry humor vignettes of any I have ever seen. The cowboy is eating a steak and complains to the sardonic cook/bartender, &quot;Hombre, this horse is still fighting for his  life.&quot; The cook replies, &quot;That's what you got a sharp knife for,  cowboy.&quot;
B000007T1M|5.0|Terrific synopsis of our sick and self-destructive world that we live in. It is an eye opener if your mind and eyes are closed to the reality of our &quot;civilization.&quot; Insightful and on the money for those who can be honest about our inhumanity to each other. Awesome vocals and outstanding  musical talents. SOAD live long and prosper!
0792151712|5.0|I only wish Hollywood would continue doing movies like this.  Exceptional, high caliber.  I would watch it over and over again and I'll never get tired of it.  There's magic, it seems like it takes you in a different  world.  You learn to appreciate history and not be bored.  Now I gained  interest in the sunken ship that I never cared about.  Kate Winslet should  be given the same amount of credit as Leo though.  If it wasn't for her  there would be no chemistry.., no movie.
B000000W94|5.0|I heard this album just once when I knew I had to have it.  I consider it to be among my most treasured and often played albums.  When I leave this life, just play &quot;I Need your Love So Bad&quot; at the party, and you'll know who I was.  When Gary Moore plays the blues, soft and mellow,  it's like finally achieving Nirvana.
0790733226|2.0|Unfortunatly, I wasted my time watching Contact. To tell you the truth, I expected much more out of this film, especially since it was written by science fiction genius Carl Sagan.  Jodie Foster, however, gave an  exceptional performance, while Matthew McConaughy's character had  absolutely no purpose.  Secondly, I was expecting more of an ending.  I  know that some people call it a genius ending, but I just don't get it.  I  felt like I was being ripped off.  Robert Zemeckis stole my money, made me  sit through two hours, expecting a smash ending, and... what do I get? A  lame ending.  Who needs that? There are plenty of movies with crappy  endings.  I do recommend viewing Contact, just for the sake of it.  There  are one or two moments that are entertaining.  However, this is the type of  film that can only be watched once.
6305537798|5.0|I love this movie! The acting is great and so is the music! It is about young Bianca (Oleynik), the most popular girl in school. Every guy wants to date her, including the most popular guy in school (Keegan), and a sweet  new exchange student (Levitt). Only one problem. Bianca isn't allowed to  date due to a family rule which is that she can't date unless her sister,  Kat (Stiles), does. She's the most unpopular seinor in the school. So, in  attempt to go to the prom with Bianca, Mr. Sweet Student decides to fix Kat  up with someone simalar to her, a crazy guy (Ledger). It is so funny! This  film stars Larisa Oleynik, Joseph Gordon-Levitt, Julia Stiles, Heath  Ledger, Andrew Keegan, and Gabrielle Union.
B00000JCOV|5.0|I have been listening to Slipknot for around 4 years, and they have only gotten better.  Even before they were signed by I am Records they blew your mind with their 9 member mix.  I would strongly urge anybody with a taste  for hardcore music to see the possible future of the genre.
0688170528|5.0|The premise of The Pact seemed so simple at first:  nice families, highschool sweethearts, and a bright future for all.  Jodie Picoult slowly unravels an emotionally powerful book that is absolutely impossible to put  down.  Once you finish the book, you will never forget the characters.   This is the best book that I've ever read!  If I could give this book a  million stars, I would!
0767802519|5.0|This is the first film I'd seen featuring Jean Reno and what a film it is. It's fairly slow moving after the first 10 mins or so, but what a climax to the end. It leaves you on the edge of your seat and has a good twist at the  end. All I can say is buy this - you won't be disappointed! This film  definately rates in my all time top 5 films. Why was it called &quot;The  Professional&quot; in the US though? It was called Leon over here
0060977493|5.0|The story is powerful, touching issues of race and caste.  Roy writes poetically.  The style is not straight narrative.  The reader can guess what ultimately happens.  However, it is written as though Rahel, the main  character, is dealing with extremely painful memories, that she must deal  with gradually.  Although I love the book, I do not think it is for  everyone because it is very &quot;literary&quot;. I would love to read it  again to fully grasp all of the symbolism and metaphors, but unfortunately,  my reading list is too long.
B000002KH3|5.0|This album is arguably one of the best debut albums in rock and roll history.  I had heard various VH songs here and there, but never became a fan until I bought this album.  Even though it was made in the late 1970s,  it is amazing how timeless it sounds even 20+ years later!  Few bands have  put together this high-calibur of a debut album, not to mention their later  success.  Hearing songs like &quot;Runnin' with the Devil&quot; and their  remake of the Kink's &quot;You Really Got Me&quot; are great songs many  have heard, but it just doesn't stop with other songs like &quot;Atomic  Punk&quot; and &quot;On Fire&quot; that keep packing it away!  This album  is totally recommended, especially to those people like myself who are wary  of buying albums only to find they like 1 song and hate the rest.  There's  a reason why this album went all the way to diamond!
B00000I0XW|1.0|*shudder*  *shudder*  It's heartbreaking to hear good songs mangled by Sarah.
6304618344|5.0|Face/Off is easily one of the best movies I have ever seen in my life.  Complete with action, drama, comedy, an outstanding cast, and an original storyline this movie will fulfill every moviegoer's needs and more.  John  Woo's brilliant and artistic directing not only gives the film an  unforgettable style; it also adds to the plot of the movie through several  ironic instances.  And of course, the tag team of John Travolta and  Nicholas Cage is unbeatable; both of them truly make their characters come  to life.  This is not your typical action movie, it is a thrill ride  jam-packed with extraordinary filmmaking.  No one should miss this movie.
0892563508|3.0|Remember, this was published in 1990, and today is out of date.  If you have come looking for specific examples, or secrets of how the Japanese have been making such huge gains, THIS IS NOT FOR YOU.  The book is great  from a historical standpoint, but it misses totally on any detailed  examples of what Toyota has done.  Anyone in manufacturing who has not  heard of work-circles or suggestion boxes, would probably find this a great  read with lots of info, but for the rest of us, this is just a history  book.  Go for Lean Thinking instead.
B000005RDY|4.0|They may not have been Zeppelin, but they could rock!  This album is a good overview of the three albums it covers, but to really appreciate Budgie at their raw, rockin' best, you should get the first, eponymous  album - it's basic and brilliant! That said, you should BUY THIS NOW!!
0380973464|4.0|You know those books that are so good, you don't want them to end.  Well, this is one of those, but it doesn't. The novel's template/structure is based on an array.   But it's an array with a heavy loading of plot(s).      I liked &quot;Snow Crash.&quot; (his breakout book). But it had its  gonzo/WWF excesses.  This book is more reasonably excessive. (ex: The  oxymoron as a point of praise) If you buy the book &amp; don't like it,  you've at least got a nice looking doorstop for the rest of your life.
014028009X|5.0|This book is great, reading all of these reviews, it seams assome are asking too much. This is not a world moving nobel prize winnerthat is making a statement on the female culture.  This is a great book that any woman can relate to in some way or another (as i'm sure men could too if we could get them to read the book).  This is a fast read for city train/bus rides.  i found myself amidst an audience of people thinking I was crazy as i sat on the bus laughing out loud while reading as Bridget jumped around stuck in a dress in the fitting room.  This is not a refined masterpiece of literature for ages, however a wonderful contemporary, lighthearted novel.  READ It, its great!
B000002L9J|5.0|This album is unspeakably beautiful. Easily the best album to come out of the 80's. I heard a lot of hype over the smiths first album. Don't bother, all Morrissey was aiming for was acheived on this brilliant testament. To  quote the spin record guide: &quot;Wimpdom's proudest moment&quot;. Nothing  sums it up better than that. Nobody believed the smiths could make a  masterpiece for the ages, but they did, and i'm very appreciative.
0812550757|5.0|As a habit, I avoid best sellers.  When I heard there was a sequel to Ender's Game, I shuddered.  That book had affected me so deeply, I could not imagine a sequel to it.<br />This book is in all ways, barring one,  superior.<br />This book reminds me of Ursula LeGuin at her best, and I do not  invoke her name lightly.  She is one of the few sci-fi authors who  understands something of anthropology and, more importantly, the human  condition.  Card in this one books has levelled with her.  <br />Ender is a  far richer and deeper character in this book than he was in Ender's Game.   Here he is having to live with his own guilt and the positive and negative  aspects of his own legend.  He has inspired a cult of sorts, the Speakers  of the Dead, people who speak not well of the dead, but realistically.  How  does one live with such a legacy?<br />The Piggies are intrinsicly  fascinating.  They are not small humans.  They are not just randomly acting  individuals.  They act in a consistent, rational manner -- once you know  all the peices of the puzzle.  Most of these peices are not revealed except  with time.  Jane is also fascinating.  &quot;She&quot; acts in a logical  manner as well, but again it is not a HUMAN manner.  The Hive Queen is very  real and, again, not human.  There is a delicate balance inherent in this  book.<br />This book is far superior to Ender's Game, a book which is one of  those rare sci-fi novels that I have read twice.  It speaks to the core of  humanity within us all, it speaks to our fears, our dreams, our hatreds,  our prejudices, our nobility, our failings, and our longings.  It is not a  shoot-em-up.  This book is literature, not science fiction.  It may be read  again with profit.  It is not a book about plot and action (thank all the  powers!).  It is a book about being humnan.<br />I put a reservation in here,  one way in which the book does NOT match Ender's Game.  The ending of this  book is abrupt and calls out for a sequel.  This is quite sad.  Ender's  Game stands on its own; Speaker for the Dead calls out for a conclusion.   Aside from that, this is a superlative book.  No, not for everyone; name me  a book that is for everyone.  But in the end, an intelligent reader will  gain much from reading Speaker for the Dead.
0671027344|5.0|I'm a person who never reads book, in fact..i'm 18 and this is the first book that i've read by choice..and i really loved it.  It's the only book that has kept me interested and wanting to read it all the time.  woohoo!
0887307280|5.0|I have read The E-Myth many times over and have found the Franchise Prototype system absolutely amazing. I am now 26 years old and in the last 4 years have built 2 very successful companies. Being in business for  yourself is not about making money. It is about fulfilling a part of  yourself. Understanding the principals in this book will change the way  your run your business and give you balance to your life. That is what it  is all about you know. Balance. Understanding why God placed you on this  Earth and making sure you spend time to stop and smell the roses. If you  take what Michael says in this book to heart and apply it's principals to  your life your business will never be the same. Trust me from the  experience in what this book has done to my past business and the power  that is pushing my Statewide Business Brokerage. I would easily pay 1  million dollars for the knowledge and understanding I have learned from  this book. Thank you Michael for leaving a legacy with me that will reshape  my family tree.
B000002NC4|5.0|This band's Led Zep IV.  Oh yeah
B000002LCX|3.0|This album doesn't have as much interesting guitar work as one might expect from Marr.  The songs are well written and forceful, but then so is all of their work.  This album just didn't interest me very much, and I like everything else they've done.  It's not really worth having to me,  because most of the decent stuff can be gotten off compilations.<br />I should  say that this album is generally understood to be Morrissey and Marr's  personal favorite; it likewise has become the favorite of most hardcore  fans, although not in my case.  Meat Is Murder or The Queen is Dead are  much more interesting, or any of the compilations.
B0000019HU|5.0|This album changed the way 'alt' music is played.  And yes, vinyl is the way to go.
B00000J7JO|5.0|&quot;Scar Tissue&quot; is the best song I have ever heard. I listen to that song alone about 10 times a day at least. However, &quot;Around the World&quot; and &quot;Otherside&quot; are just as killer. I didn't think  their BLOOD SUGAR SEX MAGIK could be topped...but they've out-done  themselves once again. Flea is as awesome as always, Anthony never sounded  better, and of course John is the alltime best guitar player. I love RHCP  and they blew up at Woodstock. The Best Damn Band in the Land.
B00000DGUG|1.0|I love Jagged Little Pill. The songwriting here is terrible. She applies her prose to whatever melody comes along. These are not songs but Alanis' personal wailings. Really terrible.
B00000K19E|5.0|This ain't a Kung-Fu movie. The fighting in the movie is only one part of bigger picture (no pun intended).  It's the best movie yet that prompts people to open up their minds and start questioning whats really around  them, metaphorically speaking of course...;)<br />The best thing about this  movie is that I never got bored, and that's saying a lot.  It's a very  interesting story with great effects and photography.  I'd also recommend  picking up the soundtrack...it's one of the best!
B000000HSU|5.0|I bought this CD because everyone said it was really influential.  If you like punk bands that have infused metal riffs with their sound (suicidal tendencies, Pennywise) then get this album to hear how it started.  Though  the guitar and bass production is thin and the drums seem to dominate, its  still a good listen.  The reggae songs really help to make this record more  dynamic, as opposed to all the songs being played at 200 mph.  Bad Brains  do nothing you would expect them to, and more.  Also pick up I Against I.
6302990114|5.0|This movie boasts all charms of &quot;Muder on the Orient Express&quot;: mystery, intrigue, suspense, and an all-star cast.  They include Angela Lansbury, Maggie Smith, Mia Farrow, and Lois Chiles (from the Bond film  &quot;Moonraker&quot;).  Unfrotunatly, &quot;Murder on the Orient  Express&quot; is better, but lacks much of a body count and so many people  may not appreciate it.  This has a higher body count, so most people should  love it (as I did).
0767819594|5.0|Cruel Intentions is the only movie I've seen in theaters three times, so take my advice, this movie is well worth watching!  Ryan Phillippe is irresistibly sexy as the cunning bad-boy Sebastian and his real-life wife,  Reese Witherspoon, is dynamite as his most challenging sexual conquest.  Selma Blair is also a scene-stealer as the hilariously dim-witted Cecile,  as is Joshua Jackson as the gay drug dealer. Plus, the soundtrack to the  movie is one of the best I've heard. You won't be disappointed in this  clever and often darkly humorous movie!
B00000K19E|5.0|People's opinions on this movie fall into one of two catagories - they either love it to pieces or hate it to bits.  The love faction is the larger of the two by far, but that doesn't prevent the occasional snipe  from the hate side.<br />  But then again, these days just about anyone with a  computer and a modem can shoot off their opinion - and good for them.  As a  result, no movie ever is going to get a perfect rating, until they release  a perfect movie. :)<br />  &quot;The Matrix&quot; isn't perfect - but boy,  does it ever come close.  Many have commented of its lack of originality,  and yes, even the biggest Matrix buff will have to concede that there's a  lot of previously-enjoyed ingredients here.  But they mix together for some  tasty stew - the movie mixes stylized action with spiritual allegories and  the computer subculture, and the end result is the type of movie that gets  everyone to take notice - love it or hate it, the one thing you can't do is  ignore it.<br />  The movie's stylized look is called &quot;manga style&quot;  by many, and &quot;comic book style&quot; by me.  (Always hated different  words for the same thing...)  We move around inside of the world with some  of the smoothest camera tricks, angles, pans, zooms and trasitions ever  seen - it is like the Wachowski Brothers were born with a camera in their  hands, so fluidly it all comes together.  The characters they show us are,  again, like comic book characters - strong, powerful, good-looking on the  outside, but surprisingly human.  Trinity's fear over expressing her  feelings, Neo's uncertainty in himself, Cypher's second thoughts about his  life - all these elvate them above normal action heroes.<br />  The other  thing that sets the heroes of the Matrix apart is what they can do.  In a  world freed of the limits of flesh, they can pull off incredible stunts,  maneuvers and attacks.  Why take the bus when you can leap 50 feet between  buildings?  This, coupled with the fact that they all seem to be former  computer hackers and nerds, pulls the intended audience into the picture.   The main character, played by Keanu Reeves, starts out as a soft-spoken,  distant, meek man - just like every kid who's ever read comic books.  In  the end, he becomes who every one of those kids wants to be - a man with  power, and with a clear sense of purpose.<br />  The mataphorical allegories  of this movie will be debated for years - from subtle touches like Neo's  apartment number (101 - not only is he &quot;the One,&quot; but 101 is  binary code, the language of computers) to the more overt references to  Buddism and Christianity.  But as said before - they all mix into some  tasty stew.  It earns its title, not by what it incorporates, but by how  well it's done - and it's all done so well, you can't help but be  impressed.
B0000046W9|4.0|this is great music tastefully presented a delight to relax by or cruise to or simply lisen to with someone you love. problem is it's being packeged so only big spenders can have it.
B00000G3Q4|5.0|Wow, this movie is one of the grossest yet best movies I've seen. Bruce Campbell is an excellent actor. I highly reccomend this movie to everyone(if you have a strong stomach) See this movie. The sequel may be  even better.
0060931671|5.0|Lot 49 is a unique book, and one of my favorites of all time. I read it for the first time years ago in a class which had T.S.Eliot's Wasteland as central theme, and it was in this context that I came to explore its  different levels of meaning. The most fascinating quality of Lot 49 comes  from its weaving a highly colorful tapestry, where comical anecdote,  subcultural jargon, social satire, historical revelations, and  philosophical discourse on moral values are all entertwined. The result is  a complex, highly entertaining concentrate of food for thought that I'm not  about to forget, and a book to which I am in fact deeply attached. (For  those who have trouble understanding the underlying themes, try reading  Grant's &quot;Companion to Lot 49&quot;, or the York Notes.)
B000002GWJ|5.0|The first time I ever heard of Tom Waits I saw him on Austin City Limits and he was singing the songs from this album. That was way back in the early eighties. When I first heard and saw him I thought &quot;what the  hell is this?&quot; but then I started listening. My life was changed right  then and there. The feeling and emotion of this man along with that raspy  voice got to me like nothing ever had before. I knew I had to have this  album and I still do, in vinyl first then on tape and now that I have found  Amazon.com I fully intend to buy the CD. A must have item. If you have ever  had any inclination to be a poet give this a listen and you will hear a  true poet and excellent music.
6303443214|5.0|i absolutely loved this movie! i had read all of anne rice's vampire chronicles, and i thought that brad pitt played an excellent Louis...tom cruise was great as the self-absorbed brat prince...and i was throughly  pleased with antonio banderas as armand, tho in the book armand is russian  with red hair...but that's alright..i don't think antonio would've looked  good w/red hair...nonetheless, everyone was excellent in their roles and  kirsten dunst was a truly horrifying (in a good way) claudia...she was the  perfect little tortured princess...this movie deserves more than five  stars!!
0446364495|5.0|This is a reality story that it happens always in our life.  I can only say that the reader must be well experienced with an affair. <br />Absoultely no doubt.
B00000I0XW|3.0|OK, Sarah Brightman's voice has really matured from her Phantom of the Opera days.  She sounds much less like a cartoon character than she used to.  And while I applaud her trying to do a whole CD of Andrew Lloyd Webber's work, she should not have attempted some of these songs.   &quot;Don't Cry for Me, Argentina&quot; is all wrong for her voice, and  &quot;Gus, the Theatre Cat&quot; and &quot;Macavity&quot; merely on this  album to take up time.  &quot;Phantom of the Opera&quot; and &quot;Pie  Jesu&quot; have been lifted *directly* from their original albums, and  therefore have lost their freshness.  To give her appropriate credit,  &quot;Anything but Lonely&quot; and &quot;Tell me on a Sunday&quot; are the  highpoints of this album, but this album is only for diehard fans of  Brightman
B000002AZ8|5.0|If Cobain were alive, Pearl Jam's third album would not sound like this.  Instead, Vedder is reeling.  In thhe SNL performance following Kurt's death, Eddie looked frightfully shaken.  Immortality is an obvious tribute,  (there was a &quot;cigar box on the floor&quot; next to the corpse)  and is  gorgeous, dark, bluesy and haunting.  Tremor Christ includes the lines  &quot;Take my time, not my life&quot; and Not For You rejects all who  cashed in on the Seattle scene.  I rarely listen to this CD because  everytime I do it leaves such an impression.  It is very emotionally  taxing.  Most can only take so much.
B000007T2Z|5.0|A great, great album.  It doesn't have many words, but the monologues/dialogues work perfectly as the centerpieces around which the music is built.  'Dead Flag Blues' is one of the more moving songs I've  heard recently (For me, it's a sonic version of Don McKellar's 'Last  Night', in itself a moving piece of work).  A soundtrack for the  apocalypse, should it ever occur (and if it does, I hope that my CD player  still functions so that I can listen to this).
0792839234|1.0|If you're into the stereotypical trash-come-horror film then you'll love this.  It's astounding ability to invoke uncontrollable laughter in the viewers is incredible...not a film to be viewed with the intentions of  being frightened to death, however it is ideal for those of you who are  interested in brain surgery.  WATCH OUT - THE BRAINDRILLS ARE NIGH!!!
B00000HYSN|5.0|This is a great album, clearly in line with the progression that Will Oldham has been making throughout his career.  For a first time listener, this would be the perfect introduction--it's musical as hell, very  accessible (compared with the 'There is noone what...' or 'Days in the  Wake'), but still contains the Palace/Will Oldham  joy/gloom/death/redemption themes found in all of his work.  The essence of  what has made all of the Palace/Will Oldham stuff interesting for  me--perfect turns of phrase and image in the lyrics coupled with awkward  vocal phrasings in the singing is also found in abundance (imagine, if you  haven't heard it before, Blake being read by a hillbilly and you get some  idea of the contrast).  The album cover is indicative of the theme  inside.  With song titles like 'Death to Everyone', 'Black', and 'Another  Day Full of Dread', parts of this album are as dark as those Black Metal  bands wish they could be.  But Oldham has an uncanny way of finding the  beauty even in the darkest.
B000003TA4|5.0|I've heard people say things about Kurt Cobain that were bad, but if they ever really sat down and read his lyrics and listened to what he had to say, they would realize his music was all but insulting. Sure he did drugs,  but when you look at all the things he did for both the music world and the  rest of the world you tend to forget that fact. So maybe Courtney Love did  kill him(hint:she did) but what matters is that no other album has had this  much impact on the world as this and none was ever as good.
B000002GLT|5.0|This is a seminal album for Mayall.  Wonderful music, great violin playing by Sugar Cane Harris.  I have listened to this album since 1970 and have never tired of it.  It has been in constant rotation as album, cassette,  and now CD.  Get it, relax, and enjoy.
079283965X|1.0|I don't want to trash Brosnan; in many ways he's the ultimate Bond(though some 10 years too late), but this film is without a doubt the worst 007 movie in history. Nothing against the cast; they do what they can, but the  thing that I never thought could take place in a Bond movie, happens here  endlessly. -Boredom!. It began with &quot;Goldeneye&quot;, and it's gotten  worse. James Bond movies have started to look like a big-scale Dolph  Lundgren action-flick, or something. Where's the imagination of the  Moore-era !?. Where are the interesting characters ?. Where's the good  story ?. They've become just another big-budget &quot;blow 'em  up&quot;-actioner. Boring!. They're too serious, too dark, running from one  desperate explotion to the next, lacking any kind of humour or memorable  scenes. It's the end of 007, I'm afraid. You may resign now,  &quot;Mr.Bore&quot;.
0380973464|5.0|The best book I have read in over a year, comparable to Pynchon's Mason and Dixon only  with a much more interesting plot.  I couldn't put it down, and when I was done, I did not feel like I had wasted the time spent  reading it.   Anyone with a brain will love this book!
B000006QP7|5.0|I thought this documentary of Joe Pistone was brilliant because it showed the struggles he had to go through in order to survive on a daily basis. While he was undercover he became close to several people although he knew  once the case broke he would never see those people again. I think he  deserves alot of credit for his hard work and determination
B00000AF98|1.0|I can't beleve this turkey sells better than Rock and Roll Over
B00000K19E|5.0|the graphics and new cinematography is so super in this movie u won't believe all the effects and the different angles. This movie you could say is ahead of it's time.
B000001EGE|5.0|And nobody knows it!  My folks tell me I've been listening to Elton John since I was in the womb, and &quot;Mona Lisas and Mad Hatters&quot; has always been my favorite song.  It is the most lyrical, wonderful piece of  music Elton ever sang, and yet it has never gotten the recognition it  deserves.  I know you can't listen to a sample of it here (hello,  Amazon.com!), but believe me, I'd buy the album on the strength of that  song alone.  Oh, yeah...and the rest of it was great, too.
B00000K19E|1.0|Yes the matrix has great special effects wow! That does not make the movie and either does ripping off Japan/China martial arts films. The basis of the story was good but the acting stunk and how about the costumes. If I  were trying to keep a low profile I would not be out wearin all black  leather and drive  a pimed out continential. It also contained some scenes  that were totally irrelivent to the movie i.e the scene with the oracle??  Was the head men in black supposed to be funny? This movie is a perfect  example of where movies are going and it looks grim!
B00000BKDV|5.0|As a big Iron Maiden fan, I would have to say that this is my all time favorite album of theirs. This album, like the Seventh Son of a Seventh Son album is so unified and it fits perfectly together. This to me is the  highest level of talent I have ever seen by them. The drumming on this  album by Nicko McBrain on Where Eagles Dare is phenomenal. He really knows  his stuff, and this was his 1st album with them! Other great well thought  out songs would be Revelations, Flight of Icarus-one of my all time  favorite Maiden songs, and Quest For Fire. I must say they really put their  minds together for Piece of Mind, which is their #1 album hands down. Out  of this World!!!!
B000002C1X|5.0|What the hell was I thinking when I said that this was one of Pink Floyd's worst albums?, I don't know, but I was terribly wrong, in fact I would list it as, if not their best, one of their best. I must have been in a strange  state of mind when I typed that review (july 17, 1999, small county in ny  state). This album is very excellent. It's a double album containing 26  great tracks, and I love each and every one of them. For at least this past  week, the only cd that I've been listening to is &quot;THE WALL&quot;. At  night, I listen to it 2 or more times in a row. From the nearly  &quot;frightening&quot; opening track, to the great ending, this album is  perfect and well put together. The packaging, the artwork, the lyrics, the  sleeve, even the smell of it, excellent. I thought I owed it to myself to  retype my review for this album because I'd leave everyone thinking that I  hated this album when in fact I loved it. I even had dreams about this  album (no time to explain). Most of the stuff on this album is not radio  ready, or the type to be blasted in a car, to entertain your friends with,  or to listen to with other people (that's just my opinion). This album is  best to listen to alone, possibly with the lights out because it deserves  full attention, then again any masterpiece deserves full attention, it's  not one of those superficial type albums. One funny incident was when I was  singing the &quot;Swollen hand blues..etc,&quot; line from &quot;Nobody  Home&quot; to my friends 2 nights ago, and they started cracking up. I just  couldn't get the song out of my head because I love it. Little did they  know that I was singing a line from a song that came from one of the best  albums in the world, from one of the best bands in the world. I don't know  too much about the story except a rock star goes insane and builds a  psychological wall, and much of it has to do with Roger Waters' own  experiences?. What I do know, and what I don't know is fine, because Ienjoyed the album anyway. The guy who said &quot;Ignorant people won't  enjoy this album&quot;, was pretty much right. If you like this album,  treasure it always, if you don't like it, stay away from it and shut up,  and buy the crap music that's been circulating the airwaves today. I'm only  18, and since 1995 in my opinion, music has gone slightly downhill but now  '99, FORGET IT!!. What's going to happen when we hit the new millenium in a  few months?. Anyway, I enjoyed &quot;THE WALL&quot;, and true music fans  would enjoy it too. <br />listen to it on the stereo, cranked up,<br />then get  the headphones, and crank it up,<br />you'll be amazed about what you  discover.<br />thanks,<br />4.12.20,10/18.
0767817478|1.0|I heard this movie was really bad before I rented it, and so I said to myself, I said self...how bad could it actually be?  All those millions of people who warned me can't all be right.  This is what I get for being  hardheaded!  I actually found myself rooting for poor Godzilla.  Think  about it, all she wanted to do was find a place to lay an egg and raise and  nuture her child.  Is this any reason to persucute this creature?  With all  the so called geniuses in the science lab, could they not have found a way  to tame Godzilla, rather than attack her and annilate this presumably  docile giant lizard?  This movie is a sad commentary on humanity.  It  portrays us as over-zealous human beings reacting to a situation with  extreme violence rather than thinking it out and dealing with this  encounter in an intelligent way.  This was a very cruel movie.
0517122707|5.0|I first read Dunces in 1982 when I was in college. Needless to say, I never saw that copy again as it got passed to every one of my friends! Coming across it after so many years was like meeting a long-lost friend  who had improved with age! Mr. Toole has deprived us of a wonderful,  hilarious character.
B000002MFN|1.0|Mostly what drags this CD down the toilet is Madonna's paper thin voice. Her singing, if you can it that, removes any life to these songs. Her butchering of Peggy Lee's classic FEVER is the worst remake in history.  DEEPER AND DEEPER sounds like a half a**ed attempt by Madonna to hold on to  her eighties audience. Erotica is just silly nonsense and not worth anyones  time.
B000002KJQ|5.0|I don't know why ZZ Top can't release an album as good as this or Deguello.  It seems to me ZZ Top lost their way about 1984 or so.  Billy Gibbons is one of the tastiest white blues guitar players alive and he has  managed to throw it all away for the last 15 or so years.  Too bad.  This  is a legendary CD.
079073382X|5.0|This film is one of my favorite movies of all time.  It's probably the most believable, realistic, and touching romance movie ever made.  Julie Deply is INCREDIBLE!  She has an inexplicably warm, likeable, and feminine  charm.  By the end of the movie, I had fallen in love with her as well.   The only bad thing about this movie was the ending; it's so sad!  I wish it  had ended some other way.  This movie will really get to you.  It's  incredibly romantic.
B000002KYR|1.0|Absolute garbage from a little Texas band that used to be so great.  Billy, after putting up with this trash for 15 years, you owe us fans a real ZZ Top release. We'll wait...
0385484518|5.0|There are no lack of good reviews for this book, so I'll keep my 2 cents short.  A great read, gobbled it up in a 24 hour period.  Lots of tears, laughs and AHAS!  Extremely well written, joyful, honest, delightful.  I'm  buying up copies to give as gifts.  Thank you Morrie and Mitch for sharing  your story and your spirit... may more of us realize we are Not waves, we  are part of the ocean.
B00000JCB2|5.0|It was so cool esp NOOKI
0780620828|1.0|To imagine Spawn, imagine the cult classic and dark masterpiece, The Crow.<br />Now, remove the incredible gothic atmosphere, mindblowing cinematography, heartfelt acting, intelligent script, powerful musical  score, and the incredible suspension of disbelief.<br />Spawn is quite  possibly the worst movie that I have ever seen. The special effects are  technically brilliant but ridiculously planned; even for fantasy, they are  so unrealistic as to be hilarious. As I looked at Meisphoch or whatever  they were calling the devil, I couldn't restrain myself from laughter. I'm  supposed to be scared of this thing? It's a big action figure!<br />The acting  in Spawn runs the gamut from bad to worse. Without exception, every  character in the movie is wooden, flat and predictable. I'd like to single  out the &quot;actor&quot; portraying Spawn here; more than anything else,  it was his wretchedness that destroyed the film, reducing it to a parody of  a parody of a comic book.<br />I could go on to talk about the laughably  simpleminded 'superhero must save the world' plot, or how the director's  attempts to make it edgy and cool drop it into a swamp of pop-culture  garbage. Look at the rating you see at the top of your page. On a site  where almost everything has 4- or 5- star reviews, this has a  2.5.<br />Complete, utter, vapid trash without a single redeeming feature.<br />F  -- 0/100
B000002NBY|5.0|I have been listening to this record ever since I was 2.  I still listen to the LP now and then.  I like the &quot;Somebody Say&quot; verse to the Song Homeless.  Perhaps Diamonds on the Soles of her Shoes is the best song  on the record.  No Paul Simon fan should be without this album.  If you've  thrown the turntable out, you should at least buy it on tape or CD.
B00000IFP6|4.0|These are crisp and nimble, yet wonderfully warm blooded readings which contain quite a few interpretive and stylistic surprises. (The finales of the lesser heard Fourth and Eighth symphonies, for example are furiously  paced and riveting!)  The ensemble playing is tight and precise.  Zinman's  brisk Toscanini-like tempos flow nicely although they may seem too rushed  for some.  (If you're a fan of Klemperer's accounts hang on for dear  life!).  I do have a few quibbles with these recordings, however. The upper  strings appear to be tuned to produce a dull, fuzzy period instrument sound  throughout.  Also, the finale of the Ninth Symphony could have used a  fatter and more foreground chorus.  The singing is competent but certainly  not outstanding.  Timid Beethoven novices should avoid the skimpy,  confusing and unhelpful program notes and dive right in!
1563523302|3.0|There are some interesting insights in this book, as I would never have imagined that my next-door neighbor who drives a beat-up Chrysler and wears worn-out boots is a millionaire. The authors do a good job telling us how  to increase our net worth. However, they missed one point: people aren't  very interested in having a high net worth. They would much rather consume.  Having lots of money in the bank is no fun. Spending it is.<br />True, having  money saved up leads to financial security. But having lots of money in  storage is not an end in itself.
0790737914|2.0|&quot;L.A. Confidential&quot; possesses many of the good qualities that the great 40's film noirs displayed, but the filmmakers' desire to resort to fashionable 90's movie trends unfortunately riddle their piece with  fatal flaws. First the good--1.) The visual style of the film: In an age  where many movies look like nothing so much as feature length trailers,  (&quot;Usual Suspects,&quot; &quot;The Negotiator,&quot; MOST others)  &quot;L.A. Confidential&quot; was refreshingly filmed with truer visual  integrity. Also aiding is Dante Spinetti's exquisite color cinematography.  2.) The approach to character portrayal: This is one of the few films you  will see nowadays in which the performances are fully worked out, and not  sold on cute little epigrams, and other such stupid cop-out devices. 3.)  Guy Pearce: Among the performances in &quot;L.A. Confidential,&quot; his  impressed me the most, successfully avoiding most of the cliched  personalities of this criminally weak movie age. His effort goes further in  establishing him as a multi-dimensional character than the script does. 4.)  The prescence of intelligence in the script: Such a hard commodity to come  by anymore, scriptwriters Curtis Hanson and Brian Helgeland seemed to be  interested in doing more than just selling the story with star names, big  budget, and promotion. Now for the unfortunate bad--1.) The body count:  This offends on several points. A, not only does the ludicrously enormous  body count of about two dozen not fit the time period of the story, but no  realistic reaction of horror and outcry from government or public towards  the mass butchery ever comes up, making it seem not out of the ordinary for  the 1950's, seriously undermining its persuasiveness; B, the widespread  killing does not fit the spirit of film noir, which always had discreet and  realistic body counts (&quot;Maltese Falcon,&quot; 3; &quot;Big  Sleep,&quot; 5; &quot;Chinatown,&quot; 4; etc.); and usually the deaths  occuredoffscreen in order to enhance the plot surprises. C, the realism of  showing the cop or detective as more a victim of violence than a cause of  it is jettisoned. And this is because of D, the film's tragic decision to  resort to fashionable 90's gratuitous bloodshed and sadism as its  motivation for excitement, completely going against the classic film noir's  practice of hinging it on character intereaction and plot developments. 2.)  Attempts to portray the characters as multi-dimensional are emetic,  especially in trying to arouse sympathy for Bud White and his ultra-violent  behavior with a sob story of his unhappy childhood which is way out of step  with the rest of the film. The classic film noirs never hazarded to sell  such melodramatic excrescences. 3.) The refusal to break from tiresome 90's  cliches such as: A, the typical big shoot-out finale. Not only does this  again stray from the spirit of film noir, but the mindset of having to  provide blood-spurting fireworks in an attempt to make sure that the  audience leaves the theater satisfied is a pure cop out on the part of  filmmakers everywhere (I mean, who couldn't have guessed it was coming?).  Even &quot;Chinatown,&quot; which appeared in an era in which climactic  gory showdown were fast becoming popular, did not marr its integrity with  such an obvious device. B, the stereotypical 90's portrayal of the  &quot;hero's&quot; (Ed Exley) method of taking charge. Let's see, poor  repressed fellow tries to adhere to proper procedure while investigating,  can't get anywhere, so--casting off his repressive principles--he becomes  nastier than criminals, who then tell him what he wants to know, leading to  solved crime. What ever happened to the uncompromising Marlowe or Spade,  who ferreted out the information with cunning and shrewdness?  4.) Dialogue  is rife with four-letter words, most gratuitously inserted to establish its  &quot;adult&quot; status. 5.) The script is too long, the 2 hr. and 15 min.  running time seeming to have become the standard for films in this flabby  cinematic age. 6.) The outright celebration of corruption and violence:  Since not even the extortionist &quot;hero&quot; is sympathetic; and since  most of the killings are shown in such a graphic and jazzed-up way, this  film is an incitement and unadulterated endorsement of domestic terrorism.  7.) And most fatal, the fact that the entire outcome of the plot hinges on  an alarmingly weak thread, featuring a redundant character: As it finally  turns out, the only way that Ed Exley and Bud White can end their bitter  rivalry and unite to solve the crime is completely dependant on a scene  where Exley visits the hooker, Lynn Bracken--whose only purpose in this  film is to serve as the object for whom the two lock horns over--who then  proceeds to step WAY out of character, and suddenly rips her clothes off of  and they have sex together. This critically lame thread seems concocted out  of pure desperation by the filmmakers; for if Exley doesn't do this, the  entire film crashes in flames. They don't create the meaty roles for women  in the film noir thriller these days like they once did for Mary Astor, Ava  Gardner, Gene Tierney, Lauren Bacall, Faye Dunaway, and others. 8.)  Finally, while not a flaw, the acting has been generally overrated. Kim  Basinger's portrayal of a character that proves to be totally unnecessary  to the film--outside of her physical body, that is--is not exactly awful,  but is far from good. Let's face it, she walked away with an Academy  &quot;compensation&quot; prize for &quot;L.A. Confidential&quot;; which,  alas, could not displace &quot;Titanic&quot; in the minds of the  popularity-conscious voters for most every major category. Kevin Spacey's  performance was intelligent, but nothing really beyond what any decently  good actor that was interested could do. Any nit-wit could have been cast  in the unpersuasive role that Russell Crowe filled. So, in conclusion,  there was a great film in there somewhere, but, sadly, the makers of  &quot;L.A. Confidential&quot; failed to rise to the task of creating a  superior example of film noir--the sort that we have not seen since  &quot;Chinatown&quot;.
6305426651|4.0|Life is Beautiful enchanted me and my friends. It was touching in a way that you felt into it. It had a great moral and background. I have never seen such a great movie!
6305263248|5.0|I've seen the video of Ronin and it was sweet!  I'm hoping to get the dvd.  The plot twists and the deep and introverted characters keep you glued to the movie.  This is one of those movies you'll have to watch twice to  understand.  And its got lots of action.  Overall this is a great film,  when your in the mood for an intilectual action flik.
0767836251|5.0|Cruel Intentions may be the most under-rated film that I have ever seen. What started as a leap of faith at the video stored soon became pleasent surprise, that was eventually replaced by an overwhelming awe at the lack  of critical acclaim surronding the film. A 90's version of the classic  Dangerous Liasons, created to expose the Generation X &amp; Y viewers to a  heavier dose of ligitimate drama in a contemporary setting.The young talent  in this film transformed into characters well beyond expected limitations.  Rarely am I taken by a film as I have been by Cruel Intentions. After you  see it once, you will see what my &quot;rambling&quot; is about.
0156907399|3.0|Shouldn't a great novel be enjoyable to the reader? This is the most boring novel I have ever wasted time on. Admittedly the prose was beautiful. But if you merely want to read a bautiful flow of words read a  Burns poem.<br />Maybe the aristocracy of Britain in the 1920's loved this  book but it is not woth reading today.
0671867369|5.0|Stephen Ambrose's work should be mandatory reading for every American high school student.  Superb, factual, no-holds-barred account of the sacrifices made by our forefathers during WWII.
B0000057C5|5.0|When I first heard of a German heavy metal band, I was skeptical.  But one of my friends insisted that I listen to &quot;Du Hast&quot;, and as soon as I heard it, I was hooked.  I went out and bought the CD as soon as I  could.<br />These guys aren't just plain heavy metal-they are more techno than  what most people consider 'heavy' metal.  But that's not to say that heavy  metal fans won't like this CD.  My brother is a big metal mainac and he  loves Rammstein, too.<br />Granted, I can't understand a word they're saying,  but the music is AWESOME!  So if you're a metal or techno fan, or you just  like pounding music, get this CD!
0802130208|5.0|One of the funniest and most creative books I've ever read.  I've now signed up to join the &quot;Crusade For Moorish Dignity.&quot;  A must read!
B000003RCY|4.0|&quot;Herzeleid&quot; is more 'heavy metal' than is &quot;Sehnsucht,&quot; but it is still awesome.  The guitars are louder, and there is less funky stuff in the background, so it sounds much heavier, and almost as good as  &quot;Sehnsucht.&quot;  If you liked &quot;Sehnsucht&quot;, this is a great  CD to get.  Or, if you're a fan of heavy metal, this is for you, too.  I  loved this sucker!
B00000IPAX|5.0|I love this album.  They don't sould like they're 12!  They act like they are in theeir video, but that's why me, and a hell of a lot of other people like them.  They rock
0385493800|5.0|The book holds your attention,especialy if you are aborn again Christian. A Lawer trapped by dope alchohol and women,finds new life in Christ. This due to the witness of a self denieing Missionary, who wants nothing the  world has to offer.
0060926317|4.0|Marlo Morgan's story regarding a walkabout with the Aboriginals through the Outback was very compulsive reading.  I often felt her story about the challenges she encountered was far fetched although in my heart I believe  she was reliving a real experience. The unique talents, spirituallity, and  keen awareness of the things we take forgranted is a very valuable lesson  to us all.
1572523166|1.0|Easily the worst movie I have ever seen. Nothing comes a close second
B000002C1W|1.0|I just disagree with anyone who has to say taht this is a good Pink Floyd Album. it just seems to have traces (fleeting glimpses) of Floydism. It certianly, should not be compared with Dark Side/ wall/ wish u were here  etc. I don't even like the idea of anyones voice other than Waters.
0380973464|5.0|I have always like Neal Stephensons writing, its funny and insightful.  Cryptonomicon is no exception.  It is his best work so far.  It reads like he has been writing it for years and wrote all those other books to make  money to get by.<br />One of the wonderful things about the book is that it  reads like hard science fiction, yet the story is not (yet) really anything  science fiction.  It also takes a rare talent to write about complex  mathematical concepts in such a brilliant and simple way.  Stephenson is,  in my humble opinion, one of the best writers of our day...and  Cryptonomicon proves that beyond a doubt.
B00000JBCP|5.0|I love this cd; specially for the arrangements made in Se me olvido otra vez and Te solte la rienda;;wow;;; this is mana;; but I also recommend Mana en Concierto...that one is a must have too.. r.h.
B000002I6X|5.0|Stephen Stills is one of the GREATS that have been unjustly overlooked by the listening public due to the poor response of music critics. Everyone who hears this CD coming from my speakers are completely awe struck by the  crisp sound of the guitar work, the solid melodic singing and the  intelligent lyrics. Judge for yourself. This one belongs in everyone's  comprehensive music collection. All tracks are quite listenable and most  are very memorable !!! You'll be humming these songs for days. Buy it !!
B00000ILDE|5.0|Grate sounds an vision a classic must see for all sci-fi fans
B000002C1Z|4.0|The opening and closing pieces, which are essentially identical, set the tone well with their lulling guitar chords.  &quot;Dogs&quot; is absolutely brilliant--it haunts me every time I listen to it.  Do &quot;Dogs&quot;  with headphones and the lyrics for the full effect.  &quot;Pigs&quot; is  good, but I've always thought it was overrated.  Waters' vocals are  especially grating on it.  &quot;Sheep&quot; is also brilliant.  The CD is  certainly a must for anyone who is still discovering Pink Floyd.
0887306667|3.0|I purchased the 22 immutable laws of branding first and rate it five stars.  This book seems to be 90% the same as the branding book and does not really offer any additional insight.<br />I recommend purchasing the  branding book first...
0792151720|3.0|An impressive movie. The ship has a life of its own. A technical production by a very good director. Clever plot put to commercial effect at points. Can serve as a symbolic representation of past or future  experiences for those who need it.
0694520470|5.0|This was the best audio tape I have ever heard.  I learned so much about branding and it will be very useful in establishing our clothing company to be a national player.<br />I recommend this for all marketing personnel
079073463X|5.0|This is a marvelous film, highly recommendable, even to people who aren't particularly intrigued by fantasy films.  This is the story of two lovers separated by night and day-the man turns into a wolf at night, and the  woman into a hawke during the day.  Matthew Broderick instills a true  comedic sense to this film, and Pfeiffer and Hauer are extroardinarily  believable.  This is a lovely tale, and allthough it is obvious fantasy,  the viewer will watch it as though these type of problems- magicians and  things- actually happened a long time ago.  Well acted, good script, and  beautiful visuals...that says it all.
6305265496|5.0|If you like Drew Barrymore you will love this movie. Since the time is gone that she played the &quot;bad girl&quot; (I don't like this movies) I think this is maybe her best, even as good as my personal favorite  &quot;Mad Love&quot;.
0899663036|5.0|As a 17 female I have read this tantalizing book a number of times.  Basically the other reviews say it all, how magical this book is, how inspiring, and just plain special.  I just wanted to add one thing however,  and that is that this book is not only just for girls, my father read it  and loved it, and so did my brother.  Certain scenes like when Francie goes  fishing with her father are drop dead hilarious.  This book is a must read  for all, old and young, female and male.
079074161X|5.0|This movie is one of my top 5 all time favorites.  This is much more than an \\"action flick.\\"  Beneath the stunts is a powerful film that transcends the genre. The direction, cinematography and acting are first  rate.    A classic.
B000002ADT|5.0|I got this cd when I was 16.  I heard it was brilliant, so I decided to buy it.  When I listened to it though, words couldn't describe how it made me feel.  I'm only 17 now, but I have bought 5 more Miles cds already. Kind  Of Blue is still my favorite.  So What starts the album off in high  fashion, and Miles and the guys don't let up.  My favorite picks: Blue Into  Green, Which is heartbreakingly beautiful, and Flamenco Sketches, which  makes me think of New York.  I am here to prove to everyone that teenagers  don't just like crappy music; some of us stumble onto works of art.
0790734060|5.0|I don't even like classical music, much less Mozart, but F. Murray Abraham delivered one of the finest performances I have ever seen.  Who cares if Salieri's contempt was over-exaggerated?  &quot;Amadeus&quot; was the  deserved winner of the 1984 Best Picture because of Hulce's excellence as a  bawdy, immature genius and Abraham's anguish for playing such a believable  &quot;patron saint of mediocrity.&quot;  If you haven't seen  &quot;Amadeus,&quot; you've missed on something great.
0783235607|5.0|I'll keep this short. if you're looking for a horror movie that is still scary after the first time BUY THIS MOVIE! it does not wear out, it's scary thinking about it. I am getting goosebumps writing about it. If you think  you've been scared you havent untill Psycho! Starring the ultimate mama's  boy Norman Bates! I loved it so much I organised a showing in our town's  theatre for hitch's b-day! This movie isn't rated R for gore or for  language or the mother of all scenes, The Shower Scene! but for thematic  elements! That's right boys and girls because of how scary it is! how many  movies can say that? So if you're in the neighborhood for a scary movie  this is it! If you think you're a mama's boy see this movie. It'll put  mama's boys into a new perspective.
B000002C2E|5.0|An incredible effort from an artist who had long since passed his absolute prime.  I find that these songs, every one of them, hold up exceptionally with repeated listenings.  I am sure that this compilation will forever  hold it's place with Dylan's greatest works.  I have already heard  renditions by other performers of many of these tunes. They deserve that  attention and respect that Any of Dylan's classics achieved. We will be  playing these songs for the rest of our lives!
B000002UAU|5.0|The Beatles rushed this one out while The Rolling Stones were having their drug problems because they knew Cosmic Christmas {Their Satanic Majesties Request} was a far superior album.  They (The Beatles) did this in the same  way The Who released Tommy a month early in the US to beat out The Pretty  Things - SF Sorrow for the title First Rock Opera.
6305350205|3.0|let's face it, this film, at times, rings extremely hollow.  it's downright laughable in moments, but to give this film its due, it delves into some pretty thought provoking and timely issues that deal with the  quest to find some sort of meaning at the heart of human existence and  those who would exploit that desire.  shatner can be an awful director, but  he also succeeds in bringing out some of the most stirring human moments in  terms of the interaction between Bones, Spock, and Kirk that really serve  as a juxtaposition to the desire of zealots to look outwards for spiritual  significance when the bonds that hold humanity together are a hell of a lot  closer to home.<br />5 is the best and the worst of trek, but what it does  well, it does extremely well.
6305074364|5.0|I had always wanted to see this movie.  I knew I would love it so much that I went around telling people it was my favorite movie even before I saw it.  I read the book first and it horrified me.  It was GREAT!  Then, I  saw the movie, and even though I had read the book first, the movie still  scared the beejeezus outta me.  I was not disappointed.  Kathy Bates was  the scariest villain I've ever seen in anything and she chilled me to the  bone.  Kudos to her Oscar-winning perfrmance.  This movie is great.  I  would hate to go through hobbling if you know what I mean...
0060976624|3.0|I bought this after reading some of the other readers' reviews that claimed this book was hilarious.  It was an ok book; an original story-line; kind of predictable; a quick and easy read...but definitely not  hilarious.
6304167660|5.0|This is a great movie... the story, the acting, the settings and mood. I love it! If I were to sum up this movie into just one word, it would be... ... ... &quot;Superb&quot;! :)
0060916540|4.0|After reading about the author's determination in the face of such extreme conditions and obstacles, you have to wonder if you have what it takes to have done the same.
6304143184|1.0|This movie is a little childish I think.  It should be a little more exciting because there are a lot of little kids who aren't interested in that type of stuff.  Totally boring with a capital B....
B00000IOSU|5.0|I have never called myself a fan of Sarah.  Hearing her songs for years on the radio left me irritated - they were too perfect, too measured, too polished.  But &quot;Mirrorball&quot;, which I bought on pure faith, is  absolutely incredible!  The elements comined - the audience, the backup  music and singers, Sarah's effortlessly husky and lilting voice make for a  haunting play.  Something that is missing in her studio-recorded songs  comes alive in her live performance for &quot;Mirrorball&quot;.  It's a  gorgeous, textured fingering of what usually dies or goes unnoticed in some  overly perfect attempts at music.  <br />I want more!
0156711427|1.0|How could a novelist with as high a reputation as Forster take such a major theme and make so little of it? British rule in India and its consequences constitute one of the most interesting and important aspects  of world history. It is strange, therefore, that British novelists have  rarely tackled the subject. But if this is the best they can manage, then  it's probably no bad thing. Forster has no insight to offer on the nature  of colonialism; how it affects the characters of the exploiter and the  exploited; on the nature of racism; on conflicts of culture; or, indeed,  any of the major themes suggested by a subject such as this. None of the  characters seem fully realized, and the Hindu festival in the final part of  the novel seems to me particularly embarrassing. Perhaps it's time that  novels written in Indian languages were translated into English: they are  bound to offer more insights than this hugely disappointing book.
B00000K19E|5.0|THIS HAS TO BE ONE OF THE SMARTEST ACTION MOVIES MADE IN A LONG TIME.  WHEN I FIRST SAW THE PREVIEW, I WAS LEERY.  I DIDN'T SEE THE MOVIE UNTIL I WAS BADGERED BY A COUPLE FRIENDS OF MINE, AND IT HAD REACHED THE DOLLAR  SHOW.  MENTIONING ANYTHING ABOUT THIS MOVIE WOULD RUIN THE MAIN SURPRISE OF  IT.  SEE THIS MOVIE, THEN BUY IT.
630451087X|5.0|I never get tired of this film. I saw it three times in a row when it was in theaters (which it was for about 5 minutes). Seeing it on video isn't anywhere close to ideal, but it'll have to do. I watch this film over and  over because its mood -- which I can't put into words -- is something I  love to feel. Lynch really doesn't want to tell stories of the ordinary  kinds, and he doesn't want to &quot;make a point&quot;, political or  otherwise. What his films do -- superlatively, matchlessly, peerlessly --  is to create and sustain a mood or internal state so detailed and minutely  imagined that we have the odd experience of being in some other guy's  dream. This is such a trippy experience I almost don't care what kind of  dream that other guy is having. I just like being there.
6304458894|4.0|This movie really wasn't a comedy except for the fact that all the aliens were blasting the guts out of the big screen stars. I dont like the fact that Lukas Haas was became the big star of the movie. Clever. But Micheal  J. Fox should have had more screen time. <br />Great cast.<br />Micheal J.  Fox<br />Pierce Brosnan<br />Joe Don Baker<br />Lukas Haas<br />Jack Nicholsin<br />Danny  Devito<br />Tom Jones<br />  Sarah Jessica Parker<br />Glenn Close<br />  Anneta  Benning<br />Martin Short
6305014140|5.0|Ninja Scroll is perfect for those of you that like martial arts.  It have a lot of blood and gore so step back if your stomach is weak.  If not pick it up it's a must see.
B000002LOM|5.0|I don't know why most fans dislike this album? It's the first Morrissey record I bought and is definetly one of my favourite!  I love that &quot;laid back&quot; music style that suits Morrissey's voice and  nostalgic lyrics so well.  Wonderful lyrics might I add maybe the best of  his solo career: &quot;I'm just passing through here on my way to somewhere  civilized and maybe I'll even arrive maybe I'll even arrive?&quot;(Asian  Rut) Or: &quot;You have a lovely singing voice a lovely singing voice and  all of those who sing on key they stole the notion  from you and  me.&quot;(Sing Your Life)
0375707972|2.0|It was a nice idea, of Schlink's, to put this fictionalized memoir together for us. But in the end, it left me thinking, &quot;yeah...and then what happened?&quot; -- sort of the line you tag at the end of a bad joke.  <br />The sexual relationship they had, twisted and remote, was worthless and  gratuitous. It didn't need to be there. While Michael was sewing his oats,  Hanna was aroused by intimacy of the reading. There was no symbiosis or  exchange in that relationship. But that's what happens when you put  together a 36-year-old former Nazi prison guard with a 15-year-old  well-educated boy who's learning the ropes of life. In the final analysis,  it was an emotionally abusive relationship -- and if any of us thinks it's  a great &quot;romantic&quot; piece, we should have our collective heads  examined. If that happened in America and the parents found out about it,  it wouldn't be so romantic.<br />Why everyone thought this was such a great  work is beyond me -- maybe I'm deft to the symbolic undercurrents, but I  don't think so. On the very primal level, it was sad and manipulative. I  found myself finishing it out of obligation. I don't like to quit anything.
6305144176|5.0|This movie possesses many of the aspects of the war's craziness.<br />Peace has seen Vietnam become the newest tourist mecca, attracting the *same* outsiders who were sent there involuntarily in the '60s and '70s.<br />The war  was waged for &quot;democracy&quot;. The peace is waged for that other  Western icon--&quot;free enterprise&quot;. This, to me, is crazy, but at  least &quot;free enterprise&quot; isn't serving up the women and children  as hamburger.
B00000IMCU|5.0|With NIGHT OF THE LIVING DEAD, George Romero brought the horror genre to an utterly new level, and here he does so again. In a violent, post-apocalyptic world the corpses of the dead are reviving and attacking  the living...we all know the story. Most people who read this are the  people who want to see their printed reviews, or who want to see what  others have to say about their favorite movie. &quot;Cool Zombie  flick!&quot; &quot;The Grossest Movie in the World!&quot; they say. But  DAWN moves on an entirely different level than gore. It is NOT a  &quot;zombie&quot; film at all: the revived dead are just Romero's way to  make his statement, having done it so well in his earlier film NIGHT OF THE  LIVING DEAD. This is not a film about dead people, it is a film about our  bleak and rapidly decaying society, mainly the ravenous consumerism that  ran rampant in the lates seventies. It is horror on a spectral level,  beyond its comic book violence and its nauseating gore: here we see society  as a symbolised whole in the army of dead people, wandering aimlessly  throughout the glamerous halls of a shopping mall, the temple of  consumerism. And here we see four survivors break free from this society,  we see them battle it, and in the end, we see the consequences. There are  several issues here: from germ and nuclear warfare to class standards and  immoralities, and in the end we are left breathless as the ravenous hordes  of revived corpses tear through the Utopian playground, ripping, literally,  to pieces those foolish enough to resist them. It IS gory, it IS grotesque,  and it IS morbid, but these do not make it the masterpiece that it is: what  brings it to this intellectual level is its undying social relevence. DAWN  is a biting, humorous, and terrifying satire, because it brings out what is  bad in all of us, and, for the short lapse of its running time, we sit  there stunned as we face the grotesque things that make us all human.
0515123447|4.0|I thought it was exciting and fast paced even tho corny at times. It was related in a very  readable point A to point B manner, which I like.
0385484518|5.0|I am not sure whether it is the teaching or the learning that shines most brilliantly, but that is not as important, of course, as the lessons. If I could only impart an iota of what Mitch got from Morrie (and I got from  both of them), my life as a teacher would be worthwhile. Meanwhile, I  purchase copy after copy and pass this wonderful book on to friends and  family.
B00000JCB2|5.0|This cd has a very good rythem to it. It is worth the money. It is a great mix of rap and hard rock.The best songs are Nookie, Break stuff, Im broke, nobody like you, 9 teen 90 nine, trust, no sex, and just like this. I think  limp bizkit did well with the new album.You will be glad that you bought  the cd.
B0000024IE|5.0|no matter what anyone says this deserves 5 stars.911 is a joke is Flavor Flav's best song.Ice Cube is even on here and so is Big Daddy Kane[Kane puts it down!].Fight the Power is another great songs.The song&quot;Fear of  a Black Planet&quot; is kinda annoying though but still worth 5 stars
0875845851|5.0|Christensen brilliantly makes the point that poor management is not always the cause of company failure. Often, even top-notch management is insufficient for survival in a technology environment. I highly recommend  this book for every manager who is responsible for strategic decisions in  technology-driven markets. Once the strategy is established, I recommend  the book Survival of the Smartest as a guide to executing the strategy.
B0000024K1|5.0|This cd is tight.They even have a rock beat on She Watch Channel Zero.Flavor Flav's song is tight but not his best.Better than their first cd[wayyyyyyyyyyyyy bettttttter].PE's best cd is &quot;Fear of a Black  Planet&quot;.
0800129806|3.0|Let's be honest--this is not the Arthurian legend; it's Hollywood Mass Market. You can't put it in the same league as &quot;Excalibur.&quot; There is no such character as &quot;Malagant.&quot; The main reason to see this  film is for Richard Gere's athletic sword fighting technique, which  combines baseball, kendo and several other Asian techniques. Jerry Zucker  must have sat down and said, &quot;I don't want the standard sword fighting  scenes that we've seen a hundred times before. Let's show the audience  something new.&quot; And Gere with his natural athletic ability delivers.  The anachronist elements are intentional, people. That's what's fun about  this popcorn flick.
B00000K0DT|5.0|This movie has the best ending of any movie I have ever seen.  It breaks the mold of movies with predictable plots (finally)!
B000002HMH|1.0|Seemingly plagued by a sudden and jarring loss of ambition, Metallica indulges full-fledge in its own overblown excesses while abandoning any semblance of intellect in its songwriting.  &quot;Ain't My Bitch&quot; is a  song straight from the Metallica men's willies into the speaker, with no  cranial interruption.  Unfortunately, that is not songwriting is about.  So  all that's left is a good Bob Rock mix and some loud, meaty guitars that  have no real songs to support (hence, useless).  The sonics of the album  drew me in upon first listen at the record store.  My brain complained when  I played the CD at home, and I haven't touched it since.<br />Metallica has  died.  Or, at the very least, its sense of shame.
B000002LR6|5.0|I cannot rate this album highly enough, in my many years of ownership I have not found anything to surpass it. The ultimate hooks and hyped up rhythms, bullhorn vocals and perfectly judged sampling. A frantic melding  of precision and chaos which transcends eras and trends. This was one of  the last bastions of guitar oriented industrial music, not like the wimpy  burbling of modern techno. Happiness in anger. If you do not own this CD,  rectify the situation now.
B000002UV9|5.0|Chris DeGarmo has always been the key player in Queensryche (though the entire band is blessed with killer chops and melodic sense) and on Empire he proves himself also the key to the band's breakthrough success.<br />The  song in question is, of course, &quot;Silent Lucidity&quot;, the song that  should have won the Best Rock Song Grammy in 1991 (instead, it was Sting's  uninteresting &quot;The Soul Cages&quot;).  &quot;Lucidity&quot; reminds  people that bands lumped into the &quot;metal&quot; category can be capable  of music of ethereal beauty, and also emotional contact.   &quot;Lucidity&quot; also features one of the most simple, elegant solos I  can remember, based mostly on just three notes.  Reminds me of The Edge's  simple, spare, perfectly tailored solos for U2.<br />The rest of the album is  stirring, dense hard rock:  &quot;Jet City Woman&quot; with its spitfire  guitar work, the moodily sensual &quot;Another Rainy Night (Without  You)&quot;, the ferocious, sociologically conscious title track, and the  long, narrative &quot;Della Brown&quot; are other standouts, culminating in  another of Queensryche's resonant ballads, &quot;Anybody Listening?&quot;,  thematically close to Queen's &quot;The Show Must Go On&quot;.<br />Though not  the reckless adrenalin rush that was Operation:  Mindcrime, Empire provided  shades of subtlety and beauty first hinted at on Rage for Order, here  reaching full bloom.  Hear what was to be, unfortunately, the last great  gasp of a band gradually being (unfairly) lumped in with the old school,  one that deserves better.
B000002NBY|4.0|Tellingly, the tracks that I skip over most are the ones which have too much of Simon's stamp on them - 'Boy in the Bubble', 'Crazy Love', 'Myth of Fingerprints' (both of these latter tracks are frankly mediocre). It's in  places where the musical setting is heavily borrowed that the album is  excellent: the zydeco charm of 'That Was Your Mother', the heavy African  flavour of 'I Know What I Know' and 'Homeless'. Lyrically, Simon has had  better days, but he does creditably on tracks like 'Graceland' and 'You Can  Call Me Al'. If there's one thing this album achieved, it was the opening  of the ears of much of the world to sounds they had never heard before; and  if bringing 'world music' (what an ugly term) into the mainstream was the  saving grace of Graceland - well, that's not a bad achievement. I'd also  recommend the less radio-friendly but equally strong 'Rhythm of the  Saints'.
6303617719|5.0|I loved the trailer, I loved the film and I am enjoying the video over and over.  Ryan &amp; Kline make a delightful team. As a Frenchman on a lifequest of his own, Kevin Kline is the unlikely but very effective guide  for Meg Ryan's journey through France to find her filanderng fiance and  ultimately, to the truth of her being.   Some of the best and most subtly  delivered lines in any Romantic comedy.  Zip, boom, Bonjour!
0451163516|2.0|I read Eye of the Needle a long time ago and remember enjoying it.  So when I saw this book in the library I thought it would be worth reading.<br />Suspenseful?  Maybe the last 5 pages or so.  I really only  finished the book to see how it ended.<br />I found many of the characters  actions to be preposterous, even in the setting of the novel.  In the end I  only really liked Walden.  Charlotte turns out to be a ditz.<br />I also  didn't enjoy some of the preachiness of the novel, especially the  suffragette issues.
B000003TAW|5.0|It is one the best first albums a band could ever make, i really love it. There isn't a bad song on the entire album. It could not get much better.
B000002C25|1.0|The Gallagher bros. are so full of themselves that they subject their fans to this mess of rehashed 70's rock.  Every tune here is about 20 minutes long- if you would dig an entire album of &quot;Hey Jude&quot; and  &quot;You Can't Always Get...&quot; here it is. Oasis' lyrics have always  been pretty throwaway but here they are banally Hallmark.  &quot;All around  the world/ tell 'em what ya heard&quot; is as deep as they get here.  Check  out the Unplugged bootleg to appreciate Oasis without Noel's mosquito whine  voice and forget this bloated joke.
B00000K19E|5.0|The dialogue is corny, and the plot's ridiculously contrived, but WOW! Let the all-out, non-stop action simply engulf you - and draw you completely in to its own twisted reality. Mind bending!
B00000JCB2|1.0|this cd blows a fat one. come on 3$bill was    hundreds of times better than this. in the first album he would yell get your adrenaline flowing and make you wanna break stuff. is that song (break stuff) supposed to heat you  up and make smoke come out the ears? the cd sounds too perfect, clear  clean, doesnt mess up once mint condition junk. go buy RAGE AGAINST THE  MACHINE for some metal rap
0783233477|2.0|For hard-core cinema fans, there may be something in the visuals, great use of sound, and art-film sensibilities, but as entertainment, 'Meet Joe Black' blows. Less fun than a visit from the reaper!
B00000255F|5.0|This album might just be the best rock 'n roll record ever.  If you are a serious collector of contemporary music, you must have this album.
B000000QFY|3.0|Moving waves has but three memorable compositions. They are Le Clochard, Janis, and Focus III.  Otherwise this is a recording that stands up for it's musicianship rather than the writing.  Hocus Pocus was a novelty  single that gained them some notoriety stateside when introduced in 1972.  At this point in time, the yodeling tends to annoy more than it does amuse.   The vocals/lyrics on the title cut are just plain miserable and dated.   The final cut, Eruption, which covered the entire second side of the  original LP, is a loosely organised collection of ideas that just does not  flow together well enough to warrant such an endeavor.  Where the  musicianship, particularly Jan Akkerman's guitar work and This Van Leer's  keyboards, are exceptional you'd be better off finding a copy of Hamburger  Concerto or the now out of print Focus III.  Both of those albums presented  strong compositions with the always brilliant playing one has come to  expect from focus...Simon
B00000G3PA|5.0|This was a good movie. It was more realistic than many people (commenting here) believe it to be:<br />   1. The part about our object-tracking budget allowing us to track only 1% of the sky is pretty accurate. There's little  chance we's see such an object comming.       2. As stated in the movie, an  explosion from the outside would not be effective in diverting the  trajectory of an asteroid of this size. Too much energy would be lost into  space.<br />   3. In response to another reviewer's comment about using a nuke  on something &quot;as big as texas&quot;, a single modern nuclear device  could have the capacity to level every square inch of texas.<br />    4.  Although I doubt anyone would send oil drillers to plant a nuclear device  on the asteriod, drilling is a sensible option. A subsurface explosion,  even if it was only drilled in a bit, would be far more effective than,  say, a missile srtiking it. <br />All this boils down to only one thing: IT'S  JUST A MOVIE. It was fun and you damn well know it. Don't try to hack it  apart by whining about realism or accuracy. That's why we call this  FICTION!<br />I saw this in theatres, VHS, and DVD
B000001FW9|3.0|This is one of Gentle Giant's weaker recordings. Where one can acknowledge their collective efforts at experimentation they seemed to have suffered from the legendary &quot;sophmore slump.&quot; The originality and  progressive nature of their collective works seem absent here. The lone  standout cut is Plain Truth.  Still, for the die-hard fan it is worth  owning.  With the exception of Civilian and Giant For A Day you'd do better  with any of their other recordings...Simon
B00000K19E|5.0|This movie has gutsy action and drama.  A thinking man's &quot;Hard Boiled&quot; with a little sci-fi thrown in!  Must own!
B000002504|5.0|If they are lucky, most bands/artists manage one masterpiece within a career. This brilliant troupe from England managed a number of them, this was but the first.  The musicianship, compositions, vocals and originality  evident here are nothing short of brilliant.  Gentle Giant would continue  to make exceptional contributions to the genre known as progressive-rock  until they ran out of gas in the late seventies.  See POWER AND THE GLORY,  FREE HAND, IN A GLASS HOUSE, for three equally brilliant performances.  Highly recommended..Simon
B00000IP2L|5.0|I have been a fan of the Wylde man since his first album with Ozzy -No Rest for the Wicked- and he consistently delivers and his progression is evident throughout each album. He demonstrated his ability to rock on Live  and Loud with Ozzy. He proved his acoustic mastery on Book of Shadows. He  creates an unmistakeable sound with only a Les Paul, some EMGs a Marshall  and his trademark lightning fast pentatonic licks. This album is the best  work of an extremely underrated guitarist. I only hope he comes to Bermuda  where I live so I can hear him live. For more good Zakk stuff check out  Merry Axemas Vol.2 and hear Zakk do an acoustic White Christmas. Brilliant  Stuff! Well Done Zakk. I raise my glass to you! - Greg in Bermuda
B000002KB8|5.0|When you look at what year it was, 1970, and what kind of sounds had been done in music at this time this album will amaze you. Some of the things Iommi and Butler did on this album where unheard of at the time! It was the  start of....heavy metal!!!! This album is fantastic! &quot;Black  Sabbath,&quot; &quot;Behind the Wall Of Sleep,&quot; &quot;N.I.B.,&quot;  and &quot;Wicked World&quot; are all classics! A lot more darker and gothic  sounding than their other albums!
B00000K19E|5.0|This is one of those movies that apparently inspires either great admiration or disappointment.  I must thank the prior reviewers (especially those rating it relatively low) who have helped me place some of the  techniques and ideas into perspective.  However, I think &quot;The  Matrix&quot; is more than a collection of martial arts effects applied to  cyberspace - there are significant allusions to the concepts of free will,  destiny, and even religious philosophy.  <br />As an example, anyone with even  a little religious conviction of any kind has to believe, at some level,  that this world is impermanent and (to a degree) illusory, kind of like the  simulated world of the matrix; yet nihilism is not a way out because what  occurs here has &quot;real&quot; consequences (remember Neo's bloody mouth  after his first attempt in jumping?).  It's not an original idea, but I  think the combination of dialogue, effects, and setting along with the  &quot;deep&quot; ideas within it make the movie compelling.
B0000028UK|1.0|I bought this album after &quot;Ten&quot; thinking it would be good. BOY WAS I WRONG! This album sucks! It's horrible. There really is not one good song on it. So to make this short and sweet, Pearl Jam had only one good  album, &quot;Ten.&quot;
0345350499|5.0|I have to disagree with those who accuse Ms. Bradley of &quot;demonizing her enemies&quot;... or even if she does, then there's no need to take it so seriously.  People bridle at this as if she's making a mockery of  something that actually happened, and as I see it, she's only looking at a  very fictional story in her own way.  Actually, I didn't encounter anywhere  in the story a place where she &quot;demonizes&quot; Christians in any way,  she simply seems to be pointing out how bigoted people are about  religion... &quot;I am right, and you are not, therefore you will either  bow down to me or go to hell&quot;.  People, this book isn't a political  commentary, but a work of fiction and should be treated as such.  The story  itself is wonderful.
B000002KET|5.0|This album is really weird. The first time I listened to it I hated it. (I had the other 5 classic sab albums) I thought this was their decent into crap. But then I put it in again and cranked it and I started head banging  to &quot;Sabbath, Bloody Sabbath,&quot; &quot;A National Acrobat,&quot;  &quot;Sabra Cadabra,&quot; &quot;Killing Yourself to Live,&quot; and  &quot;Spiral Architect.&quot; This is one of the best Sabbath albums ever!  So, if you hate it at first listen to it one more time.
0140186395|5.0|This book contains the most lyrical descriptions of the equisite agony of youth I have ever read.  Steinbeck expresses the overabundance of emotions perfectly -- both the wonderous feelings (strawberries would never taste as  sweet again and the thighs of women would lose their clutch) and the  overwhelming anxiety that would cause a young man to lie on the ground and  scream, &quot;Christ!&quot;
B00000K2SD|5.0|This is a movie that makes you question the existance of everything around you. It rocks! Exciting all the way to the end. I have never seen a movie that left me so open minded. Get it!
1559408758|5.0|...is just one of the many bizzarre ways they have lost a long list of Drummers. This video is a must see/have for anyone who has been a fan of any type of rock music, not just heavy metal.  This is one of the most  cleverly funny movies I have ever seen. The DVD is a great collectors item,  all of the extra on side 2 are hilarious (especially the original 20 minute  demo reel). Final Note: please don't get ripped off when you buy this, I  have seen people paying as much as $90 for this at on-line auctions.  Even  thought this is &quot;out of print&quot;, you can still find it for sale in  stores that had large stocks of it (it will just take some careful  searching).  As of 8-8-99 I was able to buy it at the very first mall I  went to (for the original price of $50.00).
B000002HHB|4.0|I was a devoted fan of 10,000 Maniacs and bought this album with some trepidation, not wanting to lose my love Natalie's voice and carefully crafted songs that were more like stories told by her unique and beautiful  voice.  I must admit I feel that this doesn't quite reach the level of some  of her best work with her former group, but perhaps it is an unfair  comparison because it isn't meant to be an album they would have done.   Overall the songs are quite good, her voice is lovely, but what really  makes the album worthwhile are a few stand-out songs: &quot;San Andreas  Fault&quot; (more for its evocative and haunting melody than anything  else), &quot;I May Know The Word&quot;, &quot;Jealousy&quot;, and the  gorgeous &quot;Seven Years&quot;, which I could listen to forever and would  never have heard if I hadn't bought the album since it is never played on  the radio.
6305252521|5.0|The Truman Show should have been 1998's Best Picture, but the so-called Academy had other ideas.  Viewing this only recently, I was touched by the social commentary of the director and writer, and by the performances of Ed  Harris, Jim Carrey, and Natascha McElhone.  The music added so much to such  a masterpiece, and without a doubt is some of the best I have ever heard.   Peter Weir's direction is superb, and The Truman Show's well-written script  deserves ultimate praise. It is rare that I see a truly outstanding motion  picture, but this one certainly qualifies for a place in my exclusive DVD  collection of all-time hits.  The best part is, I would actually watch  Truman and feel the same pity, hope, and joy as all his other viewers- I  wish him luck in the real world.
6300214184|5.0|This is a fantastic movie.  The dancing is great, and Jennifer Beals does an incredible job.  She is both beautiful and convincing in this role.  When I was in Pittsburgh a few years ago, I actually saw a few of the  places where this movie was filmed.  This was one of the best movies of the  80's!
B00000J7J4|5.0|Once again, Carlos Santana transcends the boundaries of music; this time by playing host to musicians of various genres (i.e., everlast, lauryn hill, etc.). The end result being a richly woven tapestry of beautiful  music.
6300214370|5.0|I love this movie.  The music is great, and it captures an innocent teenage love story.  Kevin Bacon and Lori Singer are both terrific.  The dancing is wonderful.  Although the story is a bit unrealistic and cheesy  at times, it's still a great movie.  In an age where every teenage movie is  either violent or sex-saturated, this is a refreshing change.
0375707972|5.0|&quot;The Reader&quot; feels like a Kubrick film - clinical and detached yet intimate and profoundly affecting. The sparse prose and rapid development allow for a quick read. Like many good novels, you spend much  less time reading it than you do thinking about it afterward.
630237250X|5.0|A challenging documentary for any Dyaln fan, due to the fact that it humanizes an idol. We see Dylan being obnoxious to reporters, disagreeable, funny, incoherant, and brilliant. Though shot in documenetary format, one  cannot shake the feeling that it never stops being a  &quot;performance&quot;. When Dylan play's Hank William's &quot;Lost  Highway&quot; in that hotel room, oh. lordy, to be a fly on the wall for  that one. . .Superb.
B000002P2W|5.0|Seens to be considered as something of a dog. I disagree, anyway.  Nearly all Who albums are great examples of their ability to make rather simple, uncluttered songs sound huge without becoming &quot;orchestral&quot;.  All  of these songs contain Pete's crisp, pretty chord progressions, John's  rippling, soaring, diving, almost melodic bass, Keith's furious, but  somehow-not-overdone drumming and Roger's (John and Pete, too) excellent  vocals.  The things that make the Who really stand out.        This album  stands right up with the best.  I would place it a bit ahead of their last  three and only just behind &quot;Who's next&quot;.
630451087X|5.0|I recently bought this film on widescreen and can't wait to watch it on that format.  The first time I saw Lost Highway, I shamefully turned it off half way through, losing all patience with it.  But!  for some odd reason I  knew one day I would rent it again....... ooh. The trick to this movie is  to just give it a chance!  Do not by any means, overanalyze it.  Let the  film take it's course because it will bedazzle you!  The subtlety and  moodiness of Lost Highway set the tone, and the characters are just there  looking as dumbfounded as we are.  Richard Pryor even makes a cameo  appearance only adding  to the bizarre nature of this film. I read EVERY  review to this film and I have come to the conclusion that alot of you just  didn't get it, you may even feel a bit bamboozled. One reviewer described  it like this: &quot;IT JUST DIDN'T MAKE 'SENSCE'&quot;. Perfect example!   If you are smart, you like Lost Highway.  If you're dumb..............you  go figure it out!
B00000ICLV|5.0|This more excellent Tull.  Buy it now, you WON'T be sorry
0767830520|5.0|What can I say? Taxi Driver is one of the top films of this century. Robert DeNiro is great and Harvey Keitel is just about as good.&quot;You talkin' to me?&quot; 5 stars.           By Jon Yates
1567302017|5.0|I saw this film when it first aired on PBS some time in the 1980s.  I think it is the most important film ever made - I have felt that way since I first saw it, and that opinion has never changed.  It is simply the most  important film ever made.  At first, I did not think I would make the time  commitment (shown over several evenings), but once I started watching, I  just couldn't wait to get home from work each evening to see it.  And I let  nothing interrupt it.<br />It is the most important film ever made.  See it,  and you will know why I say this.
B000002P86|5.0|I've been a long time blues fan and love when it's mixed up with a collection of great artists.  My friends insist on this CD being in the rotation at every party.  GET IT and call everyone over.
B00000IPAX|5.0|this cd is awesome its equally as good as thier earlier cd there is not one bad song on the album it rocks this and limp bizkit and korn kick all a** out there
6305428425|3.0|Apparently this movie has quite a cult following.  I know 2 people off hand that have wore this film out big time. One of whom is my mother.  What surprises me is that this movie is so well regarded by everyone.  I've seen  it twice, thinking I may have missed something the first time.  It had it's  moments, like the surreal dancing sequence at the end of the film, that was  quite touching.  The music was fabulous, considering it's from my  generation (The generation X!).  The story?  Well, that's when we run into  some problems.  The only thing i disliked about the plot was the  conventionality and the stereotypical portrayal of high school life.  I  think there's enough films about the trials and tribulations of a nerd  surviving the perils of high school.  One other high point of the film is  Janine Garofalo.  Although her character wasn't explored in depth, she gave  good..... performance.  I wish she would have cut loose more though, (like  more swearing and raunch).  So if you want to hear Mira Sorvino do her best  Bill Pullman, check this movie out.
6302732778|5.0|The Bleak future of Blade Runner has always been one of the Best settings in cinematic history. This newer Directors Cut version is far superior to the older Harrison Ford voice-over version.
B000002ARV|5.0|We all know the story. Johhny came staggering out of Texas in the late 60's and then out of detox around '73 and this was his sort of &quot;come back&quot; album. The vocals have a magnificent ragged quality to them and  I love all the tracks, even though it's not really a blues album as such.   But the best thing about this album are those two monstrousr riffs that  begin &quot;All Tore Down&quot; and &quot;Can't you feel it?&quot;  respectively.  Shit, they may well be two of the greatest riffs I have ever  heard and I've heard thousands of 'em. If you are a sucker for a couple of  chords straight from heaven, then these tracks were made for you. Worth it  just for that alone but a fine album anyway.
B000002UAX|5.0|What's with all the one stars? Really, what's the difference between this and any other good record? I mean anyone who knows anything about music (those who can write it and professional reviewers) would say this album,  at the very least, is sound. <br />That leaves only the people who know  nothing about music to give it one star. I mean what's the difference  between this and Bob Dylan or Smashing Pumpkins, can you tell me what makes  that 5 stars and this 1? The only possibility is that you gave it a poor  mark because eveyone else gave it a good one, Why else would there be  nothing but 5 and 1 star reviews and very little in between? <br />Why else  would you come to this page, if you hate the Beatles, and complain? You  just dislike the beatles becuase they were popular and your band didn't do  so well, com'on admit it.
0800184327|4.0|Here I thought this was going to be another one of THOSE dance movies.  Little did I know how great it was going to be.  Vanessa Williams was absolutely dynamic and utterly amazing in the dance sequences.  And  Chayanne was another great surprise. You could just feel the enthusiasm  emitting from him in every scene.  Both stars did a wonderful job with a  so-so script.  The story itself was pretty much a given without a lot of  surprises but the actor's pulled it off nicely.<br />If you want a good movie  to rent for the entire family...this is it.  It is a feel good movie where  you want to get up and dance afterwards and also play it over and over  again.  This is a definite keeper and one for your video library.  My only  wish is that I rented it sooner!
0783228317|5.0|I didn't know what to expect from this movie.  I don't even know why I rented it, but i'm sure glad i did!  what a f-ing trip!  I watched it really late at night by myself, and the whole time i thought i was on drugs  myself.  Don't Do Drugs. Do Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas.
078322706X|1.0|This cloying, self-important, vacuous exercise in sheer futility is - without exaggeration - perhaps one of the very worst pieces of trash ever churned out by the seemingly-bottomless rubbish bin known as Hollywood.   Brad Pitt's pretty-boy smugness is twice as empty as the plotless script -  the guy has obviously gotten by a good deal of his life without much  effort, and it shows in his performance, (a performance, which, might I  add, received more than a few laughs in the theater during some of the most  supposedly &quot;serious&quot; moments of the film).  You almost feel sorry  for the great Anthony Hopkins, who doesn't seem to know what to do with the  lines he's being fed.  I would rather watch Animal  House II for 48 hours straight than waste another two hours of my life  sitting through this one. I already regret having wasted 10 minutes writing  this review.
0385493800|1.0|I've read most of Grisham's books; this one is the worst. The first chapter was great, but then I found myself skimming through many chapters trying to find the action. I think he needs to take time off to get his  creative juices flowing again.
0671004107|5.0|I firmly belive there is intellegent life out there, and this book gave me the opportunity to experience the discovery long before it will likely actually happen. Being a scientist myself, I could appreciate Sagan's fine  walk along science fact and fantasy and he leaves it believeable  throughout. The ending is a final treat. What was espcially pleasing was  that I read this book after visiting Aercibo and the VLSA referred to in  the movie or book, and so had the atmosphere fresh in my mind.
B000002JPA|5.0|There's really nothing that I can say that hasn't been said in the other reviews.  &quot;Images and Words&quot; is a masterpiece.
6304458894|4.0|Finally a movie where the heroes die!!!!!!!!!! This movie takes a departure from conventional formulatic plot scemes and does the opposite.  I applaud Tim Burton for having the guts to make this film.  Who would have  ever imagined that Congress, The Prez and The First Lady would all  eventually get blown to bits in ONE movie?!? (Yeeah.)  Who would have ever  imagined rooting for the martians as they kill off the entire human  species, sytematically, methodically, dutifully.   The martians in this  movie are disturbingly frightning but loveable at the same time.  This  movie pokes fun on how stupid and anal we are as a culture.  I bet Tim  Burton is just sitting back laughing at all of us.
6304233639|4.0|If you take this film seriously, you'll be seriously disappointed.  It's just a bit of wacky fun  Don't expect it to make you feel, don't expect it to make you think - just laugh at the actors hamming it up next to some  pretty decent FX.  Overly flag waving, IMHO, but still fun.
0800116917|5.0|THIS IS ONTHER GREAT MOVIE THAT SHOULD BE ON DVD
B00000J7S8|2.0|I originally left a 4-star review for this album here at Amazon.com. I'm a huge fan of DK, and after the first couple of listens I must've been blinded by her good looks and her past performances. But now I've listened  to this CD several more times and have to 'fess up: I don't like it much. I  hate the strings. I much prefer the trio arrangement of her previous  albums. If you want to buy a *great* Diana Krall CD, choose &quot;All for  You&quot; or &quot;Stepping Out.&quot; This one just doesn't cut it. I'd  give it 2.5 stars, but that isn't an option. And 3 stars is too high. Thus  the 2-star rating. Sorry, Diana...I have to be honest. Lose the strings  next time. Don't try to be something you're not (i.e., a pop star)!
6304697953|5.0|When I first heard about this movie, it's title kind of threw me off guard.  &quot;Con Air&quot;?  They're making a movie about a hairdryer?  Not at all!  I finally rented it not expecting much, and I was totally  blown away!  I don't really even like action movies, (like the whole Steven  Seagal type flicks), but Nicholas Cage is one of my favorite actors so i  just had to eventually see it.  Not only that, but Steve Buscemi is also in  it?!?  Come on now, you know it's gonna be good!<br />Con Air is non-stop,  heart pounding pure fun.  Even the storyline is intelligently written.  The  characters in this film are also scary but fun, each one has his own quirky  personality.  If you're in the mood to be entertained and need a good cure  for boredom, this is the movie right here.
6304082428|5.0|This movie was so perfect. I fell head over heels in love with all the characters. I first read the novel 5 years ago. It was my favorite out of Austen's collection. I loved Mr. Darcy from the first moment he was  introduced. The casting for the movie is perfect. Colin Firth is exactly as  I picture Darcy. No one could have done it better. I watch my videos over  and over again. I saw it on DVD for the first time and must have it. This  is a definite must see.
0783226063|5.0|I think this is a good movie. You might have to watch it twice before you understand it. The story has been compressed very tightly, transitions are short, characters develop suddenly, and nearly every line of dialogue is  essential. This doesn't prevent it from being an enjoyable movie; it just  requires the viewer to pay close attention.
0060977493|5.0|incredible read. true, the plot lacked a bit, but the writing was so mesmorizing i honestly didn't care.  the greatest aspect of this novel is how Roy captures the literal thought process of children.  what an adult  passes by as just another part of a complex world, a child stares at and  wonders.  this book captures that. its also so innovative.  Roy plays with  the misinterpretations of communication using the letters themselves to do  so.  (ex. the nocturnal bird living in the family's factory is a Bar Nowl  to the children) read it, if not for any other reason than you've never  seen language used in the way she does before
B000000ISB|5.0|This album is not simply Rush's greatest recording, but an album that will forever have a place in the recording hall of fame.<br />Rush nailed it on this one:recording,songs,arragement,cover art.<br />As strong today as it was  in February,1981. Maybe stronger. See if twenty years from now if we are  listening to the recordings of the current crop of clowns masquerading as  musicians--I seriously doubt it.
6305265488|5.0|All of the actors in Ever After were well chosen for their respective characters.  The development of the characters stayed true to their written natures, none strayed off from their path. The movie was well written in  that &quot;Cinderella&quot; is not beholden nor sujugated by &quot;Prince  Charming.&quot;  She is a strong willed character who is capable of saving  herself.  Thereby making the love story even stronger.  I never see movies  like this; but I am glad I did.  It is a wonderful, sweet, film.  The  cinematography is breathtakingly beautifully, the actors all fit their  roles.  It is a rarity to feel good after a film because all of its parts:  actors, scenery, dialogue, plot, storyline, etc. work.  This film does.   Bravo.
0767800958|1.0|Other than dance, I never expect much artistry from a dance movie.  This movie failed to deliver even that.  I was particularly disappointed as a long-time devotee of Argentine tango who was hoping to see great dancing.  Aside from a tap dance sequence by Pablo Vern, the dance was pedestrian at  best. The plot was trivial if not disjointed; the editing seemed random;  the acting was amateurish as was the cinematography. In short this  self-indulgent film, which I understand was produced to fulfill the  fantasies of the principles, has little to offer the general public.
B000002NHN|5.0|I got it for &quot;The Mummer's Dance&quot; (who screwed up and played something this good on a Top 40 station?) and fell in love with &quot;Dante's Prayer.&quot;  I live in Santa Barbara and every time I stare  across the ocean to the Channel Islands I think &quot;Cast your eyes on the  ocean/Cast your soul to the sea.....&quot;       Listening to &quot;Dante's  Prayer&quot; while staring at the islands reminds me very much of Tolkien's  elves staring across the sea to catch a glimpse of the land where the gods  lived.  I think she'd appreciate that, because in the liner notes for it  she says &quot;We all want to believe there is a better place&quot;  (paraphrase) and her songs always send me to the fantasy and mythology  stories that I've loved.  I could rave on and on about the beautiful  conjunction of &quot;Dante's Prayer&quot;, my Tolkien books, and the  scenery, but I think you get the point.      Two other points:  First, the  diary entries that she includes in the liner notes add so much more to the  songs.  Second, I have to confess that I actually find her music more  beautiful than Tori Amos' songs, and I never thought I'd find something  better than Tori.
B000001IQH|5.0|YOU MUST HAVE THIS CD
0684833395|5.0|In response to Toronto:  There is not &quot;lighter&quot; side of war.  Heller was trying, and succeeded in proving, that war is senseless and absurd.  Obviously, you didn't get it.  To all those out there with  thinking, questioning minds:  read this book, it will not disappoint.
0451160916|4.0|Stephen King's output is formidable in terms of sheer wordage, or number of titles.  It is generally lacking in terms of having anything to say.  Overall, if you read a few King novels, you've read them all; a  comprehensive reading of everything he puts out is only  for those who are  endlessly enchanted by the repetitious cycles of romance and machinations  on daytime soap operas.  (I would make an exception to this comment in the  case of his short story collections, or the compilation of four novellas  called &quot;Different Seasons.&quot;)<br />If you were to read only one King  novel, however, this would be the one.  &quot;The Shining&quot; is unique  among his novels in that it does not take place in New England, and the  change of scenery (and, these days, the lack of the mythos baggage provided  by the rest of King's Maine novels) serves it well.  Ignore Kubrick's film  version (which, like most of his overrated catalog, is hardly a good film,  much less a great one)--in &quot;The Shining,&quot; Stephen King comes  closest to being genuinely terrifying, as opposed to merely horrifying, as  opposed to merely grossing-out (to paraphrase the man himself).  Despite  having only four living characters of any note, the novel is well plotted  and well executed right until the end, where King finally drops the ball  completely with a disappointing cop-out of an ending (did he perhaps forget  the first admonition given to beginning writers, namely that the worst  possible ending is one where everything is blown up?)  Specifically, the  scene of the woman in the shower is easily the creepiest King has ever  written, and stands as perhaps his only credential for having contributed  anything to the horror genre that will outlast his own corporeal existence.   Read &quot;The Shining&quot; if you read any King at all.
B00000IQBL|5.0|Having seen this movie, as well as dozens of other war movies, including Saving Private Ryan, Schindler's List and others that other people have mentioned, I would have to say that this is the best representation not  only of war itself, but of the personalities of the people fighting. For  those unfortunate souls whose first exposure to Kubrick's films was  &quot;Eyes Wide Shut,&quot; definitely see this movie; believe me, it is  worth the time to see it.
B000005QH3|5.0|just watch it,, don't read anything into it,,
B000002KBU|4.0|I enjoyed most of this CD - I think the rest will grow on me in time
B00000AFWZ|5.0|An absolutely brilliant collection of raw, primitive rock from the 60's. This is the real stuff! I loved classic rock but now find it boring after listening to Nuggets. The missing link between bubble gum pop and acid  rock. Suggestion - listen to Nuggets with a bottle of Jack Daniels close  by!
B000002O51|4.0|If there is one thing that just slays me is the pseudo-intellectual critics who are more concerned with maintaining their own reputation than trying to maintain some semblence of objectivity.  Much of the same can be  said for low self-esteem peckerheads (like the one from Rockville, MD) who  like to rip on other popular music for the sake of making themselves look  sophisticated and very discriminating.  Wise up people!  It's just music!   It's a leisure time activity and is not the highest priority to most  people.  Through these reviews, we have seen the words 'mindless' and  'pomp', alone with 'arena rock' (I'm not positive, but I question the  accuracy of Boston leading the arena rock movement).  Perhaps it isn't the  most intellectually challenging music, but if we find it catchy and it  helps get our minds of our problems, who gives a shit?!?  Personally, I  found this album enjoyable (3 1/2 stars) and recommend it to my fellow  morons who enjoy mindless, pomp-filled arena rock.  These critics who like  to liberally fling the word mindless around are probably the ones huddled  in their apartment listening to Third Stage through the headphones,  worrying that their friends/colleagues will find out.  Who in the hell is  Mr. Harrigan to use the word mindless in describing the music of the leader  of this group?  Perhaps he is jealous?  Perhaps he aspires to have a tenth  of his genius?  Either way, he needs to shut up 'cause he's just talkin'  sh*t!
B000002N9L|4.0|I guess this CD was supposed to be some blow off CD but the CD is actually pretty good compared to some of the other material he has put out that he cared more about.  I wish Prince would just stick to making good rock and  dance songs instead of trying to appeal to the R&amp;B crowd.  In this CD,  you can find some of the things that truly make him good like his  capability of writing good rock songs and even rap style songs like  &quot;Dig You Better Dead&quot; are catchy.  Although the name is corny,  &quot;I Rock&quot;... is catchy as well.
0062502182|2.0|I thought The Alchemist was a childish fable written for a sixth grader.  It didn't have the same adult action scenes as LUMINOUS by Peter Quest.  While LUMINOUS shared the same &quot;Follow Your Dream&quot; message, it  also had several powerful scenes that I'll never forget.
B00000K19E|5.0|Great movie. One of the best in Sci Fi. Trully one of the You MUST have this on your video library. Similar to Blade Runner in Quality
630451087X|5.0|I truly think that ignorance can be summed up by the review entitled &quot;TAKE THE NEXT LEFT AND AVOID LOST HIGHWAY&quot;.  The reviewer claims that most people like it because they are merely pretentious art school  folk.  Not so.  The movie makes sense. But (and get this), only if you  think about it!  <br />I personally go with the Mr. Showbiz review.  Lynch has  come as close to making a movie like a dream that one can possibly get.   There's one piece of dialogue that's very telling:  Fred Madison says that  he doesn't like video cameras because he likes to remember things the way  he remembers them, not necessarily the way they actually happened.  In a  sense, this sums up the whole film:  this is how Fred remembers  things.<br />Or perhaps you subscribe to a different explanation.  As one of  the stars of the film said, &quot;Think OJ.&quot;  A man kills his wife,  then convinces himself he didn't do it.<br />To refer to the Mr. Showbiz  review once more, you're always right where Lynch wants you to be.  The  film is about nothing but itself.  That's the dividing factor.  If a person  can open his mind, and immerse himself in Lynch's nightmarish (and yet all  too realistic) realm, then that person will enjoy the film.  If a person it  too narrow-minded to do so, and needs to have the plot spoon-fed to them,  instead of drawing their own conclusions, then they will hate the film.   It's as simple as that.
0767903811|4.0|I needed few good laughs, and I got plenty from this book. As a &quot;foreigner&quot; living in the United States I thought Bryson hit the nail on the head as far as living in this country goes. I'm surprised more  Americans aren't bad-mouthing this book! :-) <br />I loved the newspaper  column medium as well. I can excuse the journalistic formula, as all  newspaper writing follows it, yes? Also it was in a form that I could put  the book down for a few days and not lose my &quot;place&quot; in a story.  Bryson's other books were hilarious, but I would tire of his humour after a  few chapters. The jokes would then be lost on me. I took my time with this  one and got as many laughs from the last few chapters as I did with the  first.<br />Would love some less America oriented books by Bryson in the  future. I still prefer &quot;Notes From a Small Island&quot; and  &quot;Neither Here Nor There&quot; over all of his books.
0800141385|5.0|How appropriate that Streisand brought this role to us.  She appeared on the scene just after the end of the great musicals and great musical stars, so it is no surprise that she is our connection to those movies and that  time.  Her performance as Fanny Brice, though lacking much connection to  the reality of Brice's style or life, also bridges the gap between old time  and new style musicals.  The emotional, idealized treatment of the material  suited her talents perfectly.  In my opinion, Streisand's closing number in  this film, &quot;My Man,&quot; is what clinched her Best Actress Oscar.   Also in my opinion, it is one of the three most electrifying moments ever  caught on film.  (Judy Garland's &quot;The Man that Got Away&quot; from  &quot;A Star is Born&quot; being the second.  I'm still deciding on the  third ...)
B00000IAU3|5.0|Dance never really grabbed me except for the Faithless single Don't leave. I then explored more and along comes dido. Like a breath of fresh air. She has a touch of Beth Orton and Natalie merchant about her. I just can't get  enough of it. It is great to see that Music still has a chance with this  type of sound. It beats the sh** out of the shmatlz and crap of Celine Dion  , shania Twain et.al.
0876855575|5.0|Bukowski is king for those who don' t want to drive an SUV and go to Gordon Biersch on the weekends.  Ham on Rye is a classic, one of BUK' s best.
0449002632|4.0|I found this book to be interesting while at the same time informative.  This is perfect summer reading because it kept my attention for five weeks of traveling (yes, I was traveling in England and I did go to London) and  will most likely keep your attention with it's intricate tale.  Also, since  it's a long book, it will give you something to read for the whole summer.   However, I thought there were a few flaws within the story but, don't let  that stop you from reading this book. Just find some time and be prepared  to be engulfed in the history of London.  PS.  If you ever see a copy of  London floating in the ocean, that's my copy which went overboard when I  went boating.  Thus, I'm here to buy a new copy of London.
0790731452|5.0|Ack...Ack Ack.....Ack AAAAAAAck...Ack.AAAAAAAck AAAAAACK AAAAAAAAck...Ack Ack.....Ack Ack Ack....(I said)....&quot;This is a classic, one worth seeing over and over......It is (Aack) chock full of talent, originality,  humor and suspense....Ack AAAAAAAAAck....Not the usual Tim Burton  vehicle...AAAAAACk, but 100% Tim Burton
B00000IPAX|2.0|This cd is not very good except for &quot;what is my age again.&quot; It should of had a explicit content warning on it and it didn't. If you are a person who likes to listen to just one song you should get this but other  wise it really stinks. Limp Bizkit and Kid Rock are a whole lot better than  this cd.
078322706X|5.0|I was revited the entire three hours.  Rarely do I sit in one spot for the duration of a video.  Not only did I stay glued to my seat, I nearly forgot to breath at times.  I was spell bound.  This movie plays one's entire  spectrum of emotions and it certainly isn't predictable.
B000003TA4|5.0|It is my all time favorite CD, I listen to it all the time.  Out of the five Nirvana CDs I have this is the one I listen to the most and would recommend to anyone who likes good music.  &quot;Smells Like Teen  Spirit&quot; is the best song Nirvana has.  All the songs are long and I  think you should get it if you don't have it.
B000000OQF|5.0|For a band that turned into a glam band joke,this was a great album.Usually your lucky if you get two good songs on a CD but this had at least seven great songs.
B000001ESJ|4.0|After a first listen to &quot;A Farewell To Kings,&quot; half of the six songs stand out noticeably: &quot;Xanadu,&quot; &quot;Cygnus X-1,&quot; and the now Rush standard, &quot;Closer To The Heart.&quot;  They are the main  course of the album.  Almost everyone has heard &quot;Closer To The  Heart,&quot; a true classic, and a song the band has done live on every  tour since it was recorded. It is a true gem! The two ten minute plus  tracks, &quot;Xanadu&quot; and &quot;Cygnus,&quot; are art-rock  masterpieces. Songs that roll like a roller coaster with their catchy  musical changes. <br />With all that exhilaration, don't pass over the other  three songs. The title track is a nice pounding song, a great opening for  the album. &quot;Cinderella Man&quot; rocks hard and &quot;Madrigal,&quot;  an easy, pleasing ballad, slowing the pace down, a chance for one to catch  your breath before the journey of &quot;Cygnus X-1.&quot;  Overall the  album is a winner!
0060976624|3.0|Personally, I thought the &quot;humor&quot; aspect of all the critics was a mass illusion or something.  Sure, some parts were pretty darn funny, (the beggining sentance about the neo-puritanical buttlock was a little  gem) but beyond that, I wanted more from a &quot;comedy.&quot;  It's an  easy read, and it moves along after page 150 or so (The begining repeats  itself with Nick going to different conferences and TV shows, all ending  the same way).  Don't go into it thinking &quot;This'll be  hilarious!&quot;, but rather &quot;Maybe I'll laugh, maybe I won't.  I'm  bored, I'll take whatever I can get.&quot;   Stick to Harry Potter.
6305177473|5.0|This movie is incredibly cute!  Lindsey Lohan does a fantastic job as twins Annie and Hallie.  Actually every part is so perfectly cast, it's amazing.  The extra special treat is at the end of the movie when it  becomes a double love story!
B000002WYT|5.0|This is definitely DMB at its finest. i literlally listened to it for hours and hours. 'Two SteP', 'Crash Into Me', and 'Say Goodbye' are absolutley amazing songs with beautiful orchestral compositions.'Too Much'  has an excellent violin part, that will keep your foot tapping the whole  time. It lacked, however, at the end with Proudest Monkey. Its a washed-up  song that, at around 9 minutes, is very boring. Still, this is the best cd  I own!
B000003BEV|3.0|Well, to start off, I think it's undisputable that this record was made to compete with Sgt. Peppers, and I have to agree with the people who say they like Satanic Majesties better, and I definitely agree with the person who  says that Satanic Majesties actually sounds a lot more like Pink Floyd's  Piper at the Gates of Dawn than Sgt. Peppers (I turned on the radio this  weekend midway through &quot;2,000 light years from home&quot; and mistook  it for something by Syd's Floyd for a few seconds).  As far as I'm  concerned, Sgt. Peppers is just a standard Beatles album with a psychedelic  gloss painted over it.  But I don't think the Stones were being  particularly adventurous here - they were just trying to be hip.  Despite  the lack of sincerity to the whole project, the Stones manage to come up  with a handful of tunes that really make the record worth owning - in  particular &quot;2,000 Man,&quot; &quot;She's a Rainbow&quot; and  &quot;2,000 Light Years From Home.&quot;  The others are also good,  although the extended jam on &quot;Sing This All Together (See What  Happens)&quot; gets tiresome very quickly.  (By the way, check out the  movie &quot;Bottle Rocket&quot; which makes splendid use &quot;2,000  Man&quot; in one of its climactic scenes - that movie helped me rediscover  a really great song that I had almost forgot existed!)
B000002WUD|4.0|This boxset puts to rest the notion that in the 70s, Elvis was a &quot;has been&quot; who did not produce any good music. Unfortunately, the sequencing on this set (as on every 70s Presley RCA release) leaves a lot  to be desired. Corny ballads are stuck next to great rockers. This  criticism aside, this is one to own. In the 70s, when Elvis rocked, he did  so with a great swamp blues feel as he does on the title track which is  prefaced with an excerpt from a Hank Williams poem entitled &quot;Men with  broken hearts&quot;. Listening to some of the songs on this set, one can  only regret the fact that through most of the 60s an 70s, Elvis traded his  creative drive for fried banana/bacon sandwiches. If only he had covered  more John Fogerty or Bob Dylan...Indeed, when the old spark lights up, it  produces fireworks. Gems on this compilation include a bluesy alternate  version of &quot;Amazing grace&quot;, a studio version of &quot;Tiger  man&quot;, an incredible slow version of &quot;Stranger in my  hometown&quot; (which has, unfortunately, been edited because Elvis uses  the word &quot;Motherf...&quot; while he improvises about going back to the  50s). Most other great 70s rockers are on this compilation, including  &quot;Burning love&quot;, &quot;Way down&quot;, &quot;T.R.O.U.B.L.E.&quot;  and &quot;Promised land&quot;. However, RCA has yet to release a  comprehensive and complete 70s rock/blues compilation. This set omits songs  such as &quot;Three corn patches&quot;, &quot;If you don't come back&quot;  and &quot;Blue eyes crying in the rain&quot;. Why?
B000002H97|5.0|After buying and listening to &quot;Ride the Lightning&quot;, I went out and bought this album. I was not disappointed. Though not as strong and powerful as RTL, most of the songs here have their merits. I like it even  though I'm not a heavy-metal fan per se.<br />The Best song of the album is,  in my opinion, &quot;The Unforgiven&quot;. It is my second Metallica  favorite after &quot;For Whom the Bell Tolls&quot; of RTL. It is simply  brilliant.<br />The same goes to &quot;Nothing Else Matters&quot;.<br />The rest  of the album is less than perfect. The songs are better than those on the  other Metallica albums, but they lack the vivacity and power of RTL. Still,  on the whole, I recommend this album for people who want something that is  more than mere noise like other heavy metal albums such as &quot;Master of  Puppets&quot;, &quot;Kill 'em All&quot;, and &quot;...And Justice for  All&quot;.
B000002LQQ|5.0|First of all, I agree with all of the other reviewers here. I just had to add a few comments. &quot;My Parties&quot; is a song one might pass by when casually listening but it is definately worth following along with the  words, which are provided for all the songs on this CD. When you listen you  will feel like you are in the middle of a casual party; and the saxophone  work is outstanding.       Something else to listen for: the guitar work  starting about minute 3 on &quot;On Every Street.&quot; It is amazing what  MK does with a few notes (listen carefully and you'll see that on every  other measure he uses just 4 notes!)      This whole album is smooth,  precise, and totally enjoyable whether you are already a Dire Straits fan  or just experiencing the group.
B000001DTM|5.0|This is certainly U2's best album, and one of the greatest albums I ever heard. &quot;Zoo Station&quot; is an average song, only wetting the appetite for further things to come. &quot;Even Better Than the Real  Thing&quot; is superb. So is &quot;One,&quot; which you must have heard on  your radio or MTV no matter where you live and how old you are. &quot;Until  the End of the World&quot; needs a few hearings to appreciate it.  &quot;Who's Gonna Ride Your Wild Horses&quot; is good. &quot;So Cruel&quot;  is brilliant, and the best song in the album according to my opinion - I  constantly return to it again and again and am never satisfied.  &quot;Mysterious Ways&quot; is good. &quot;Trying to Throw Your Arms&quot;  needs a few haerings. The rest of the album didn't impress me much. But on  the whole, I recommend this album for people who want something good to  listen to.
B000000OXH|4.0|Alpha is probably Asia's most under-rated album. While not as strong, track-for-track as the debut, this album (produced in just three months) has its strengths - Downes' lush keyboards, Palmer's precision percussion,  Howe's soaring guitars, and Wetton's impassioned vocals.  \\"The Heat  Goes On\\" is one of the band's best efforts, and \\"The Smile Has  Left Your Eyes\\" showcases Wetton's songwriting skills.  Some dismissed  the album when they saw Howe had not written any of the songs, but if you  give this album a chance, you'll find it stands up pretty well, even to the  debut.
B000002H2H|5.0|I used to hate heavy metal and detest it as pure noisy trash. Then one day I found an audio tape of &quot;Ride the Lightning&quot; for a bargain price and decided to buy it. That tape is long worn out, and I had to buy a CD to  replace it! <br />&quot;For Whom the Bell Tolls&quot; is, in my opinion, a  classic Rock song, to be loved by any Rock music lover, not only  heavy-metal lovers. It is strong and powerful. It is my Metallica favorite,  and worth the price of the entire disk.<br />The contrast between the opening  notes and the body of &quot;Fight Fire With Fire&quot; is interesting. It  gives this song its special flavor.<br />My next favorite is &quot;Creeping  Death&quot;, for its fast rhythm and melody.<br />All songs on this album have  easily-listened-to melodies despite their heavy-metal coating, unlike pure  heavy-metal albums such as &quot;Master of Puppets&quot;, &quot;...And  Justice for All&quot; and &quot;Kill 'em All&quot;. Only the Black Album  (named simply &quot;Metallica&quot;) competes with it, but about it I'm  gonna write a seperate review. I also quite liked &quot;Load&quot;, though  it is more complicated.<br />In short: I recommend &quot;Ride The  Lightning&quot; for anyone looking for something that is more than pure  &quot;heavy metal&quot;, something that has beauty and brilliance.
B000000OMB|5.0|Yes, it was trashed by critics, and yes, it was a departure from its members previous prog-rock roots.  But, you know what?  I could care less - this is one good album, all the way through.  There isn't a throwaway track  on this album, and I dare say some of its less known tracks - &quot;Without  You&quot; and &quot;Here Comes the Feeling&quot; - are just as good as the  hits.  The album that introduced the (sadly short-lived) songwriting team  of Wetton and Downes, the performances of all - especially Steve Howe and  Carl Palmer - make this one of the best albums to emerge from the 1980s.
B000002BYD|4.0|It's funny--as a Seattle-born and bred kid, I always assumed Pearl Jam's music ruled the greater USA like it did my hometown.  However, having recently relocated to the Midwest for my college &quot;education&quot;, I  realize that most people only asociate PJ with MTV Alterna-rock fodder like  &quot;Alive&quot; and &quot;Jeremy.&quot;  <br />What a shame--PJ are probably  the greatest rock band of the decade, primarily because they actually  EVOLVE and (gasp!) TAKE RISKS with each subsequent release.  Anyway, I  loved TEN and VS, I think (in retrospect) VITALOGY is actually their  weakest release (why does everyone here slag &quot;No Code?&quot;) and that  the last two records have been an incredible return to form.  <br />BTW, Their  live show is as impressive today as it ever was--I saw the YIELD tour in  Seattle and it rocked harder than anything this side of  Radiohead.<br />PS--For whatever clueless idiot made the CREED comment, I'll  just say that history will make a fool of you.  Twenty years from now, when  Pearl Jam is firmly ensconced in the classic rock canon and my kids are  clamoring to borrow my old PJ Cds, Creed won't even be a wisper of a memory  in all but the most tasteless ears.<br />Enjoy life.  Enjoy Pearl Jam.
B00000K19E|4.0|Brilliant science fiction and a powerful extra chapter to &quot;Meditations on First Philosophy&quot; by Rene Descartes.  Reeves gets to be the Buddha again -- the one who &quot;woke up.&quot;  Some unanswered  questions.  Also, it is a different genre, not a better movie, than  &quot;The Phantom Menace.&quot;  Lucas, indeed, did an aesthetically  similar movie, as &quot;THX 1138.&quot;
0156907399|4.0|To the lighthouse was my first experience in reading a stream of conciousness book. I remember that it took me several trials to go past the two first pages. I thought it was MY MIND that wondered. When I understood  what it was about I became in love with Mrs. Wolf. Her style is unique and  through it she unravels the deepest traits of humanity.  Read and live with  it!
B00000IL1K|5.0|I have loved Sarah since I was eight now I'm 11 and Sarah Brigthman's voice is so beautiful I can't even begin to tell you.This is my favorite cd.I recomend this cd to everyone!
B000001FS6|5.0|Critics called Rattle and Hum a major misstep in U2s career, probably the only one.. I disagree.. What do you need from an album? Great songs right? Well this one has them and it has more than a handful too.. Some of the  best U2 songs come from Bono's so-called obsession with Americann culture  and The Edge's guitar work.. This is the ultimare 80s album...
B00000I924|4.0|Hey, Jeff Beck never ceases to innovate, re-create and demonstrate his prowess on the guitar.  This batch of tracks will take a few listenings for some, others will like it immediately but always discover nuances.  Tone,  Taste, Tenacity...  this guy either loves his work or he's just banging out  product to keep his cars running and rice in the bowl. It's difficult to  imagine having his talent. He probably doesn't appreciate his gift as much  as his audience does, too bad...  indulge us next time will you Jeff.
0316286869|5.0|This book is all a make up pro needs ! It's a bit confusing for a amateur though . I put all my make up books aside after having this very special make up book. All those amazing makeover, techniques, tips, are very  smart,awesome pictures , a lot of varieties of faces too ! Also how Kevyn  explained about the person he made up is very friendly and warm.Highly,  highly recommendable !
B00000IQV1|5.0|This is one of the best movies I have ever seen. Pobin Willams is great and the plot is very interesting. I reccemond this movie to everyone who wants a great laugh.
6300181340|5.0|A few years back I visited the San Francisco area and upper most in my mind was a visit to Bodega Bay where &quot;The Birds&quot; did all their damage. I saw the school where the children ran for their lives (tourists  are not allowed inside building). The &quot;school&quot; is located miles  from the downtown Bodega Bay community....so the children running downhill  from the school was merely an illusion. This movie still frightens the heck  out of me. By far thee scariest flick of its type made at that time. The  ending was rather unsettling...did it end??? Rather like &quot;Blair  Witch&quot;.....much room for conjecture....why....why.....WHY??? I still  get the creeps when I am in a bunch of birds flying around me.....what  if??? Did the birds have a problem with Melanie? Was it because she bought  those love birds for Mitch?  None of the bird attacks had happened until  she brought these love birds out to Bodega Bay.....I've always suspected  that fact. Cathy taking the love birds with the group at the end of the  flick always gave me the jitters.....since I still suspect that they were  the cause of all the problems. Hitchcock at his very....VERY best!!!!
0694518018|3.0|The audio version of this book is fairly easy to take. The two tapes (each with two sides) can comfortably be covered in a few drives back and forth to work. While I must admit that I was disappointed when, early in the  first side, the speaker announced that the most recent update to the book  was in the early seventies. So their references to an expensive Dow of 800  or so is almost amusing today. I found, however, that the material was  quite useful sometimes because of that perspective. We are all too often  reading someone's writing today about how smart they were yesterday. It is  interesting sometimes to listen to what someone thought was smart yesterday  and determine if that wisdom would have held up to the present day.<br />Tom  Kelly
0804102988|4.0|The Salisbury cathedral and Stonehenge.  Ancient, worn, mysterious structures only hinting at their former dominance and glory.  Yet despite the age of these monuments, they have withstood the withering destructive  forces of a stormy history, and are standing as tall and proud as  ever.<br />OK, excuse me for overdoing it with my rhetoric.  But I may as well  be talking about the country of England itself.  Clearly Rutherfurd meant  for the cathedral and the megaliths on Salisbury Plain to symbolize the  durability and determination of the British people to survive the ravages  of time.  Of course, the reader also needs a little of that durability and  determination to finish the book as it tends to drag on a little too much,  especially in later chapters.  But how can you fault a book for this when  it dares to single-handedly tackle thousands of years of the nation's  history.<br />I think Rutherfurd's main theme is that heredity is something we  have to struggle mightily to escape from, but perhaps it is so because we  choose not to escape.  A character living in the shadow of the glacier in  Britain has descendants who have the same character traits in the modern  age.  One character in particular was an Ice Age thief and would-be rapist  of another man's wife.  Throughout the following millennia, his descendants  continue his legacy, expanding it to cover the stealing of lands and even  claims to nobility of their neighbors, all the way into the final chapter.   I know many people may have a problem with this idea.  Many feel that we  are our own individual selves and not slaves to our ancestry, and I agree.   But why then do we obsess over our heritage, our family trees?  People  cherish their link to the past.  Now more than ever, people are exploring  their heritage in order to define themselves, embracing the ways of their  ancestors even though they probably can't even point out what country they  were from on a map.  Accordingly, it seems that who our forefathers were is  very important in shaping who we are.  We model ourselves after our  parents, who modeled themselves after their parents, who modeled themselves  after theirs, and so on.  So I can easily see how we in the modern age  would be just like our ancestors, especially when we try so hard to be as  much like them as we can.   Compassion, fear, hatred, good and evil can  indeed all be handed down from father to son.  While these character traits  continuing on for thousand of years may seem far-fetched, I understand the  point Rutherfurd is trying to make.  We all live today with the  consequences of yesterday actions.<br />I also enjoyed the author's ironic  treatment of his characters.  People whose ancestors were noble Saxon  thanes or mighty Norman knights end up nothing more than modest commoners,  and cunning peasants use manipulation and crime along with the help of good  luck to ensure that their spawn will be the lords, earls and other nobility  of tomorrow (why am I reminded of Joe Kennedy, Sr. ?).<br />Rutherfurd  suggests that we must be on constant guard, because crooks are waiting in  the shadows to get their hands on everything we have.  Everyone who buys  things from sweepstakes companies or sends money to televangelists should  be forced to read this book.  As time marches onward, many things in our  lives are fleeting: our fame, social status, money, even our dignity.  In  the long run, all that will remain constant is our true nature.  The nature  of the English nation, the author implies, is to embrace the old ways in  order to know how to handle the future.  Good advice, I think.  A positive  way to use history.  As for those of you who dislike Rutherfurd's  assumption that we can't change who we are, I will just say that I believe  he doesn't really suggest this.  I think his lesson actually is that we can  break from the bonds of our past and become something different, but not  too many people are actually willing to do so.  If youstill disagree that  people end up allowing an ancient past they had nothing to do with to shape  their behavior today, what's that daily slaughter in Yugoslavia all about?
6304994540|5.0|The movie is so funny,I'd even give it 6 stars,I watched it with my 2 rommates and kept talking about it for the entire week,very funny,full of the f*** word if you don't mind it,but even the way they say things make  you laugh,plus you gotta watch it more than  once since you would find out  more details from teh 2nd and 3rd time,I recommend it for everybody!!!
B000002UAF|5.0|I'll review all their album's here... (1) is a collection of obscure material and some good own songs , (2) shows EMI trusted the Beatles more now : the front-photo can be a little bit more unconventional , there  hasn't to be a hit on hit , (3) , this one , is a first highlight , a top  in the height . The good listener will remark that the Beatles , while  already masters in composing excellent songs still lack  studio-experience... A song like &quot;If I fell&quot; is still in his  groundtracks . (4) is a real depth and with (5) that has to be illustrative  to the movie they make a second mediocre album . With (6) the group's  totally back , where (3) was the stop in the height , they begin here the  progression in depth . If you don't believe the group has started a second  (drugs-influenced) life , just compare the covers of (1) and (6) ,  practically identical , only the colors have changed . (7) is a flawless  album , one that every artist would like to consider as his artistical  highpoint .Brilliant , slightly disciplined and undercooled songs  remarkably don't sound dated , in contrary to those on SGT PEPPER'S 30  years afterwards. The group has stopped touring (the audience just screamed  over the music anyway) and time nor money are spared to make (8) something  special . It's immediately recognised as a masterpiece and as their  artistical highpoint . The LP simply starts where REVOLVER ended , with  'Tomorrow never knows'.It's an incredible collection of  background-sounds,daydreams,orchestral effects,hallucinations and  apocalyptic visions .Great is the influence of Indian music and of producer  Martin. (9) is a disaster , the LP is saved by studio-experience , but the  new compositions are mediocre -'your mother should know ' to bad -  'flying'- . (10) is possibly even worse , only 4 new songs , all leftovers  . Only on (11) the level of (8) is approached without the timebound-music  on (8) ... The spices that are still burning on the front of Sgt PEPPER are  now burned up and the group has made significantly less use of the studio  possibilities . (12) is a mediocre album , Spector tried to save the whole  by countless overdubs , but in vain ...(13) is a beautiful finale ,  culminating ihn 'the end'..how appropriate... (1) please please me (2) with  the beatles (3) a hard day's night)<br />(4) beatles for sale (5) help!<br />(6)  rubber soul (7) revolver (8) sgt pepper's lonely hearts club band<br />(9)  magical mistery tour (10) yellow submarine<br />(11) the beatles (12) let it  be (13) abbey road
B000009ED0|5.0|Rock on Kid!!!! it is so awesome if u don't like it don't get it . but for people that like limp bizkit or rap or hip hop, u will love it!!
B000002G87|5.0|Not that there's any disagreement in the reviews here..<br />This album is timeless and ageless, magnificent and majestic.<br />All the emotional and other demons that Eric had in him at that point came bursting out in this  artwork.  It has the power to instill great feeling in the listener as  well, something few recordings can do.<br />All the musicians were at their  peak - Eric and Duane, obviously, but check out Jim Gordon's drumming on  Anyday and Little Wing.<br />I agree with the review by MRSC12 - this is  simply the greatest album ever recorded.
020530902X|5.0|and the GRAMMAR CRAMMER (by Turkel &amp; Peterson) is the same number of pages, larger print, and often gives the answer I can't find or quite understand in THE ELEMENTS OF STYLE.
6304498969|5.0|I love Clapton's music new and old. The soul in this accoustic, beautifully engineered recording is my idea of Clapton at his very best.  I would love to see more live performances recorded this way.  I owned the CD  version of this for many years before the DVD came out. It was a great  pleasure to experience the concert as if I was there.
B000001F45|5.0|My favorite Uriah Heep recording
B0000029DD|5.0|Music. Who would have dreamt that much can be expressed with the Pop vocabulary! Creativity, poetry, grace, lust, verve, melancholy, artistry, the voice of an angel. The 2nd Track &quot;Grace&quot; has it all: the  ultimate song. A trip. Close your eyes. Fly away and be sad. This is why  you started listening to music after all.
6304082428|5.0|It is getting harder &amp; harder to find quality TV programs - but the best deserve to be on video, especially for those of us who refuse to have cable! This is a classic - it made me want to read the novel, which I also  fell in love with right away. The acting is wonderful, the costumes  fantastic, and it is very true to the story.<br />Buy it now! Buy it now!
B00000JGOH|5.0|Shakespeare in Love takes you on a race through the various stages of the human condition. Similar to The Princess Bride, there are fights, monarchs, brilliant characters, and best of all, a look at true love that reminds  those who have forgotten the initial moments of &quot;the crush.&quot;  Geoffrey Rush surprises and delights once again as he shifts into yet  another character no one's ever seen him do before. Judi Dench is the  older, ultimate destination of where Cate Blanchett's had gone by the end  of Elizabeth; one look conveys every thought in her mind. Unfortunately,  although everyone can ENJOY this film, Shakespeare in Love is for a smart  audience. Don't go looking for easy audience pleasers here (ie gunfire,  bombs, melodrama, CGI). Shakesperean references abound, and it will take  the average student several viewings to find most. Tom Stoppard's script in  nothing short of genius, adding another fine acheivement to credentials  that include Rozencrantz and Guildenstern Are Dead, The Real Inspector  Hound, and the unparalelled Brazil.
B00000JPH5|3.0|A supposedly coming of age film set in a fantasy labryrinth lorded over by David Bowie.  As much as I like the muppets (I do), all the puzzles and jokes are centuries old and will be found amuzing by children who have  little interest in David Bowie.   I'm sure the farting swamp kept many a  parent away.   The best part is the clever visual illusions that are mostly  destroyed if you don't have a widescreen edition.
0792151720|5.0|Titanic is truly a historical masterpiece.  It is the most beautifully well-done and emotional film I have ever seen.  Every aspect of this movie is truly amazing: the sets, the costumes, the special effects, the  historical accuracy, but most of all, the acting!  Kate Winlset was  stupendous as Rose and deserved the Oscar for best actress, and Leonardo  DiCaprio did a superb job as Jack Dawson.  The rest of the cast was also  outstanding in more ways than one.      Many people bash the movie by  saying that it is a &quot;chick-flick&quot; that focuses only on the love  story of Jack and Rose.  That is completely untrue! The tragic story of  Jack and Rose is a way the audience can understand the true loss and  heartbreak the tragedy caused. James Cameron did a fantastic job recreating  the disaster and telling the stories of the real passengers and crew. I  would recommend this thrilling epic to everybody!  It appeals to people of  all ages and types. Sam Hallenbeck  from Fox-TV says: &quot;Prepare to be  blown away!&quot;
B00000JMQD|5.0|Just finished watching Return To Oz, which arrived today. I'm still pondering it. The production values are first-rate, the conception and execution are absolutely stunning, and the music and cinematography are  manifestations of some unspoken poetry. The drunken fanfares and weeping  strings on the soundtrack, the poised, meditative composition of the shots,  the way animatronics and claymation are used far more effectively in the  absence of CGI than anything I've seen in the last four months, easily. It  was courageous of director Walter Murch (who never worked in that capacity  again, although he's since received Oscars and all sorts of other technical  citations for his editing work on such films as The English Patient) to  basically construct the film as a sort of tone poem to childhood, to the  way a flat and unchanging Midwestern sky can crush a little girl's  spirit.<br />From what I can remember, the film was a financial disaster. The  pre-Eisner-Wells Disney poured roughly $30 million into the production -- a  fortune at the time. The money is all up on the screen, however. The sets  are intricate and spectacular.<br />Ultimately, this film lands somewhere  between The Neverending Story and The Adventures of Baron Munchausen in my  estimation. It doesn't descend into eighties camp the way the former seems  to have in hindsight, but ultimately it's not quite as sophisticated or  consistent as Terry Gilliam's work. You get the idea that Murch &amp; Co.  received pressure from the suits to push the film into a more kid-friendly  direction (on a par with the execrable Judy Garland version), whereas their  creative impetus drove them into dark psychological territory. The end  result is striking.
0783114222|5.0|If you are intrested at all in space you must have this set. It is first class top notch educational and well done BRAVO BRAVO
0790735954|5.0|Having served with in Marine Corps (as a grunt) in Vietnam, it appears to this reviewer that Kubrick has truly captured the essense of both Marine Corps boot camp and the horrific fighting in Hue in 1968.  Some previous  reviews have not been so glowing, but this reviewer suspects that they know  not of which they speak.  The film is intentionally disjointed as life was  during that time for those who served.  The film has a rather open and  non-resolute ending - as did Vietnam for the United States.  The images and  camera work is top-notch as well as the tactical essense of the film.   Having watched this movie several times, this reviewer believes it to be  the most important addition to anyone's film library on the Vietnam War.
044022425X|5.0|The only problem i have had with this series is when i finished all 4 books.I can't wait for #5. Diana we love you.
B00000JGOH|5.0|What a brilliant confection!  In this movie we are treated to nimble dialogue, astonishing pacing, extraordinary acting, beautiful costumes and sets, and an almost painfully brilliant whole. <br />The movie is both comic  and tragic, and manages to make the entire convoluted mess of the plot  accessable, sympathetic, ironic, and engaging.  The Bard would be proud!
B00000JCB3|5.0|Ive been a fan of Limp Bizkit ever since &quot;three dollar bill y'all&quot; came out.  I liked their first album but it wasnt quite like the new one. The &quot;significant other&quot; to the debut totally proved  Limp Bizkit can really bring heavy metal bands to the top of the charts.  I  love this cd and if you like metal or rap, WHAT ARE U WAITING FOR?? GO BUY  IT!!!!
B000001Y42|1.0|Not funny, not clever, not original,...not good.  This is what happens when people with no talent get record contracts.  These guys are about as good as the kid in junior high who changes the lyrics to popular songs to  make them dirty.  Ha ha, very funny. Ha ha.
B000002BUY|5.0|First time i heard incubus was in concert. Korn, Incubus and Orgy. november 2nd 1998.  At first i wasnt sure if i would like them, but 2 seconds after they started playing i loved them. a week after the concert i  went out and bought the cd. And unfortunately i paid way more than what i  would of paid through amazon.  This is a great cd for all them Rage, Korn,  Deftones fans.  I really love this cd. When i first bought the cd, none of  my friends knew who it was. Then they were all into it, they all own a copy  now.  So go ahead buy it, you'll never get tired of it.
6301986024|5.0|Of course, McQueen is ultimately going to dominate the film.  After all, it is called &quot;The Thomas Crown Affair&quot; and not &quot;The Miss Vicki Affair.&quot;  Yet, it may be that Faye ultimately &quot;got&quot;  the core of her character, whereas there was an element of unease and  uncertainty about McQueen's performance, probably stemming from his casting  against type (and the first choice for the role being S. Connery).  I have  seen this movie described as the first time the &quot;bad&quot; guy got  away with his crime AND the audience were rooting for him to do so.  True  and remarkable enough.  But note also that Dunaway's response to her  realization that, yes, he has gotten away with it and taken her for a ride  (etc.) to boot: she laughs uproariously both with astonishment and joy.   So, as far as the existentialist statement is concerned, her reaction is  equally as crucial as McQueen's action.  This film, along with  &quot;Chinatown&quot; and &quot;Network,&quot; surely ranks as one of the  best female performances in the era of film (plus the bonus of Dunaway's  stunning good looks).
B00000IL1K|5.0|Sarah Brightman has outdone herself.  This CD presents some outstanding music.  &quot;Deliver Me&quot; is the strongest piece on this CD.  You will hear it and it will stay with you.  This CD shows just how versatile Sarah  Brightman is.  Even though one gets tired of &quot;My Heart Will Go  On&quot; from Titanic, Sarah's version is a delight.
0393317552|4.0|Professor Diamond makes a very convincng argument for the compartively &quot;accelerated&quot; development of the Western world.  How others miss his thesis - that ethno-geographical factors rather than cultural or  evolutionary factors led to the Western conquest of the world - is a  mystery to me.  He states his thesis and clarifies it several times. (I  guess some people don't read very deeply.)  Of particular personal  interest was his discussion of disease and its evolution, although I must  admit I found his discussion of fodd producing societies versus  hunter/gatherer societies facinating.  Certainly a must read for anyone  interested in World History, and a strongly recommended book for those  interested in anthropology and ethn-biology.
B0000019PA|5.0|May I strongly suggest that anybody who likes NMH should get hold of Grandaddy's latest offering. More simple, honest music.
0440111498|1.0|Exceedingly boring, much too long threads of useless information to the reader.  Humor???  Where?  If I laughed or giggled once every forty five pages or so, it was muffled by the yawn that soon followed.  And does this  man love the name &quot;Pefko&quot; so much that he did not realize that we  would find it in yet another tediously boring rambling of his.. namely,  &quot; Breakfast of Champions&quot;?  I have far better things to do with  my time than to wait for this old man to get a sense of humor that he can  put down on paper.  If you would like to laugh, read &quot;The Catcher In  The Rye&quot;... J.D. Salinger.  A man with a sense of humor need not try  so hard that he completely misses the point, Mr. Vonnegut.
B00000JPH5|5.0|I grew up on this movie as a kid, when my video store said they didn't have that video anymore I knew I had to order it right away so my kids can watch it as well.
6305265488|4.0|...but I loved this movie. I suppose it's not strictly a romantic comedy, but romance is at the center of it. Maybe that's so appealing because this movie turns all the fairytale cliches around; this time it's the handsome  prince who's stuck, and the girl who saves the day, instead of the other  way around. This makes for some great comic moments, as well as a little  light gender commentary.<br />The supporting cast is excellent. Anjelica  Huston is just fabulous as the evil stepmother, Timothy West and Judy  Parfitt are great as the befuddled king and queen wondering what to do  about their rebellious son, Patrick Godfrey is charming as Leonardo da  Vinci, and Richard O'Brien (you know, the guy responsible for Rocky  Horror?) is deliciously evil as Pierre le Pieu.<br />However, it's Drew  Barrymore as Danielle who steals the show, proving handily that she can  carry a movie. Dougray Scott is admittedly adorable as the somewhat  clueless prince, fortunately acquiring the clue that the rest of the cast  have been attempting to pound into his head for the entire film by the  end.<br />It's a cute movie, and for once I mean that in the most  complimentary sense.
0679722610|5.0|I like to consider Dashiell Hammett part of the Lost Generation.  True, he wasn't a member of the crew including Fitzgerald, Dos Passos, and Hemingway that concentrated in France following WWI, but Hammett does use many  similar elements unique to this movement, and Red Harvest is the epitome of  my observation.<br />It is a fascinating book, taken from the point of view of  Hammett's trendsetting Continental Op.  He is sent to Personville and finds  himself a solitary soul on a quest to clean the town of a corruption that  is so ingrained that even he begins to querie whether or not he too is  being corrupted.<br />Red Harvest is a fast paced book that is also a profound  study of society, and it is a book that I highly suggest.
B0000033TE|5.0|While ELP got an amazing start in themusic world this one 4 albums later was the best released by ELP,by far.
B0000027RL|5.0|I love this album.. every track.  The lyrics can be deep.. or they can be fun.. or they can screw you up to hell wondering what they're talking about.  My favorite track off this cd is probably Black.. the want that  Vedder portrays can be related to.. at least by me.     'I know someday  you'll have a beautiful life, I know you'll be a star/in somebody else's  life, why can't it be mine?'<br />Basically.. this album rocks it good.. I  love it.
B000002JSN|5.0|Not my fav, I'd equate it with 'Welcomeback my friends' by Emerson Lake &amp; Palmer only in a studio setting.Very Good!!
B00000IOSU|5.0|This is my first Sarah McLachlan cd, and I love it!  After hearing the live verson of &quot;I Will Rember You&quot;, I was a fan.  This was a very good purchase for me.
B000007O9L|5.0|This is the Stones at their best.  Mick sounds better than ever.  This recording is full of their great old songs played in great bluesy style.  &quot;Shine a Light&quot;, Spider and the Fly&quot;, &quot;Sweet  Virginia&quot;, &quot;Love in Vain&quot; (I could list nearly every song on  this album) sound better and clearer than ever.  This is a must for any  Stones enthusiast or fan who loves the old, bluesy Stones .
6305313687|5.0|I am the author of the book SKINHEAD STREET GANGS and as such found AMERICAN X to be an accurate rendition of the racist skinhead phenomenon. Ed Norton does a wonderful job of portraying the rage and confusion so many  racist skinheads have. I highly recommend the movie.
B00000ICD9|5.0|It made me wonder if my husband would cross hell for me or more specifically, if I would have the strength to cross it for him.
6301885732|5.0|Madonna does Dietrich--AND DOES IT BETTER
B000002GQG|5.0|what more can a person say. I was 17 years old when I discoverd the Moody Blues.When I heard the first {Go Now} and then  Insearch of the lost  cord.It changed my whole life. The words and music.Where did these guyscome  from. To bad Rolling Stone magazine and the rest of the music world don`t  sit up and say more about the music of the Moody Blues.Don`t worry all you  Moodys As long as we listen the words and music will come.Because we all  are on a    threshold of a dream.
B00000IAU3|5.0|I bought this CD for &quot;Here With Me&quot; and ended up liking all the other songs too. She's got an amazing voice and I listen to this cd constantly without getting tired of it. I wish I could change my travel  plans and catch her at the Troubadour in LA later this month!  If you like  Fiona Apple, Paula COle, Seal, Sarah M., etc, you WILL like this. Well  worth it.
B00000J7S8|4.0|I have read the reviews on all of Diana's works (I own them all), and she easily averages 5 stars on everything.  I was amazed she got any negative comments at all.  I think those of you who have negative things to say  about Ms. Krall's jazz ability are simply not true Krall followers or  perhaps are not genuine jazz enthusiasts (no offense).  If you will  investigate her background, you will find she has been influenced by some  of the greatest Jazz legends - ever.  And for those of you who cannot  resist and feel compelled to take a jab at her &quot;pretty looks&quot;,  yeah, she's pretty, SO?  I think jealousy plays a role here for some of  you.......the girl's got it goin' on, she can jive on the piano, jut out  the vocals and look good while she's at it!  She has been extremely blessed  in many ways!<br />For those of us who are loyal to Diana, we actually HEAR  the music when we listen and what we HEAR is sublime.  I give this CD 4  stars; it is a little slower paced in some spots than her other CDs but  it's still vintage Krall to me.  I love popsicle toes, how funky!<br />I saw  Diana recently @ the KC Blues/Jazz Fest......I would gladly listen to her  music for hours on end anytime!<br />Once again, if you're a serious Krall  collector, add this to your collection, you'll be going back to buy it  later if you don't buy it now.
6300182266|5.0|I've read this movie many times over the last 20 years and it ranks right up there with the first two Star Wars movies and the first Planet of the Apes.  I really hope they make a new movie based on this series that never  had a chance to live up to its potential...to live period.  Maybe they can  get some of the same cast back too, mixed with younger viper pilots.
B000002L61|5.0|This is the must-have for all Dio fans.  The classic that never gets dull.  I've almost worn out my copy from playing it all these years and I am still not tired of it.
B000002KD5|5.0|I started listening to Fleetwood Mac from this album and kept going back from more. This is, I believe the only rock group album that stayed on the US Top100 chart for more than 1 and 1/2 years (correct me if I am wrong)- a  record!! It is the classic and it's really great to hear them play  together...but a pity that they are separated now...Go get one now!! what  are you waiting for?? I introduced this album to a friend who was not even  born at that time when this album was produced...and now she IS INTO  Fleetwood Mac...They should do a comeback tour! Enjoy. Best regards.
B000002L7V|5.0|This is a tape I've almost thoroughly worn out.  A must have for all serious Dio fans.  Some great tunes throughout with classic Dio character to them.
0792839749|5.0|after renting this movie and watching my children dance and sing was worth the price of buying the movie.  Truly a classic to view over and over.
B000000WA4|5.0|This was released nearly four years ago... and NOW I'm reviewing... perhaps because it'll never seem old.  First-- Billy Corgan was not writing songs for teens as a thirty-year old... he was lashing out against his own  inner demons.  Any real Smashing Pumpkins fan has obsessively and  gratuitously searched out and discovered the traumatized history that was  Corgan's coming-of-age.  And to be fair-- he wasn't older than 27 when he  wrote the songs.  What a fabulous and moving piece.  And to those who  dismiss the album as teen-angst rambling: did your random button purposely  avoid &quot;Tonight, Tonight&quot;, &quot;To Forgive&quot;,  &quot;Beautiful&quot;, &quot;1979&quot;, &quot;33&quot;, &quot;Farewell and  Goodnight&quot;, &quot;Porcelina of the Vast Oceans&quot;, and more!!?
078401213X|5.0|This movie was fantastic.  I loved it. It causes the same kind of thought patterns in the audience as 2001 and Bladerunner did.   Mathematicians, Stock Traders, Dreamers will love the film.  Great musical score also.
B000003TSP|4.0|Well, they say part 2 is not usually as good as part 1 and they are probably right in some cases. This may be one of those cases but it's not all that bad but mostly good. Then again, it depends on what one considers  to be &quot;good&quot; or &quot;better&quot;. Let me just say  &quot;Dummy&quot; is sweet, subtle and relaxing. Listen to it while  drifting to dreamland or reading the newspaper. Or hanging with freinds.   Now &quot;Portishead&quot;, you may want try playing it on Holloween night  while you friend sit in the living room and you creep out behind them in a  ghastly Dracular suit and go &quot;Boo!&quot; while tracks like  &quot;Cowboys&quot; and &quot;Half Day Closing&quot; are playing.  <br />Intrumentally, this one is more studio refined and sharp while  &quot;Dummy&quot; was simple. Beth's voice has been amplified (to the  dismay of some fans) in some tracks making her sound like she's calling  long distance on a bad phone line as one reveiw puts it. There are some  beautiful songs in the same vein as &quot;Dummy&quot; like  &quot;Undenied&quot; and &quot;Western Eyes&quot;. With &quot;Half Day  Closing&quot;, &quot;Cowboys&quot; and &quot;Elysium&quot; I almost expect  to see ghosts oozing out of my stereo. Sometimes Beth even sounds like  Bjork.<br />In short, &quot;P-head&quot; is not as sweet as &quot;Dummy&quot;  but it sure is a trip. I got it less than a week ago and I play it at least  once a day. Okay, I confess , maybe twice a day.
B000006OAM|5.0|This is one of the most unique CD's I own. Merchant has an incomparable voice and thoughtful lyrics.  Each track is performed with exquisite intensity.  Natalie has created an extraordinary compilation that will  remain in my stereo for a long time.  A true masterpiece.
B000002LCE|5.0|This was the last &quot;really good&quot; Dio album.  I listen to it all the time.  If you like Sacred Heart, Last in Line, etc. this album is a must-have.  The concert tour way back when for this album was also great.   Hope Dio goes back to making these kind of albums.
0385040253|5.0|A wonderful resource for knots. It comes in handy all the time, definitely worth it. I got it as a gift and have enjoyed it considerably.
6305078564|5.0|Even if you are not a fan of Jane Austen's novels, you owe it to yourself to experience this truly wonderful rendition of Pride and Prejudice.  Although video quality is not as sharp as one might wish, it by no means  diminishes the vibrant and deeply involving production.  Be warned, you  will watch this film many, many times; it would be a false economy to buy  the tapes rather than the DVD's.<br />Acting all around is superb.  Jennifer  Ehle convincingly conveys the liveliness and devastating wit of Elizabeth  Bennet. But the most outstanding performance belongs to Colin Firth, whose  ability to find dimension and humanity within the narrow range of  expressiveness textually permitted to Darcy is nearly miraculous.
6304826133|4.0|It seems that whenever I see a De Niro film, either Joe Pesci or some other Italian actor is in it.  Cop Land offers a fresh new cast of Stallone and Robert DeNiro!  Who would have thought!?  Gee!  I wonder if they'll  make a film starring Stallone, Pesci, DeNiro, and Danny DeVito?  Is that at  all possible!  Anyways, this is a great film!  Just watch it for crying out  loud!
B000002LRX|4.0|FAITH NO MORE's 1992 release 'Angel Dust' was a commercial failure due primarily to the disturbing and oppressive nature of the actual compositions.  Pummelling disorted guitars are brilliantly juxtaposed with  funky/slap bass and the subtle inclusion of keyboard atmospherics to create  a slighly morbid but simultaneously compelling musical venture.  FNM convey  many different emotions throughout the duration of this release and the  majority of fans reacted in a seemingly ambivalent manner initially.   Perseverance is the key factor here my fellow music enthusiasts.  This  album requires several listens and demands your full concentration as a  result.  The abrasive tracks like 'Jizzlobber' and the despondent  atmospherics on display within 'Smaller and Smaller' are rather unsettling  so obviously this album isn't for everybody.  Those who enjoy innovative  guitar music that's predominantly dark in tone will revel in this record's  manic emotional transitions and Patton's fragmented lyrical style.  Why not  five stars then???   Track 9 'Be Aggressive' is a totally misguided  exploration of sexual perversion and Matt Wallace's production is slightly  outdated.  This album is highly recommended for KORN fans because FNM were  definitely a MAJOR influence.  The synchronized drum/bass combination was  originally conceived by FNM and J.Davis vocal style is analogous to  Patton's frenetic, disorientated approach.
B000001FW9|5.0|I first listened to this album many years ago when my older sister gave me an original vinyl record. She had bought it on the recommendation of a friend but had no idea what to make of it. I listened to it a few times,  thought it rather odd but interesting then filed it away and forgot about  it for over twenty years. Some months ago while unpacking from a move, it  fell out of a stack of records and I set up the turntable to give it a spin  for old times sake. What a revelation! I've never heard a group that has  tried such an ambitious and unique mix of styles and sounds. I suppose that  my maturation has helped me to appreciate what I could not quite  &quot;get&quot; as a teenager. It certainly does not contain any  radio-friendly cuts, but if you have the time to sit and listen with an  open mind you will be greatly rewarded. Especially &quot;tasty&quot; are  &quot;Black Cat&quot;, &quot;Pantagruel's Nativity&quot; and &quot;The  House, The Street&quot;. I have since listened to most of the later albums  by the Giant but find that they pale in comparison. Could it have been the  production by Tony Visconti that makes the difference? He seems to have  been the &quot;hidden hand&quot; behind the seminal works of some other  talented groups and artists in the early 70's. Whatever the secret,  Aquiring the Taste is a remarkable achievement that has held up very well  over the years.
6300213714|5.0|There's just something about special with this movie. you've got to love it.
6305205620|5.0|One of the best concert videos I have seen. I went to this concert and I can see more on the video.
079284078X|5.0|I became acquainted with this movie by seeing it many many times on TV-it's finally been rereleased on VHS, so I can watch it anytime I want to now!  Red Sonja is your typical sword swinging adventure flick; but unlike  so many others, this movie has a tendency to stick in your mind and make  you wanna watch it again, even if you've seen it 20+ times.  The most  memorable scene is where Arnold slices the guy's arm off in the castle.
B000001EHS|5.0|I just went to a recent DL concert and had a blast.  I did not have any of their music but remebered it as a mainstay during those high school years.  I just had to go buy this CD to listen to it on the 5 hour drive back home.   I haven't listened to anything else since.  The concert performance and  music from the 80's through the present definately made me a great fan.
B00000JGOH|5.0|Tom Stoppard, known for his treatment of Shakespeare's Royal Dane in the movie &quot;Rosenkrantz and Guildenstern are Dead,&quot; has done it again with &quot;Shakespeare In Love!&quot;  A witty tale of The Bard's life and  times centering around the genesis of &quot;Romeo and Juliet&quot;.   Stoppard, not one for sight gags, depends on dialog to get his laughs.  The  characters are well deveolped and finely tuned as an ensamble cast, as is  the case with Stoppard's R&amp;G.  Taking a snapshot in the life of one of  literature's greatest figures, dusting him off and bringing him to life in  a way that we hardly see anymore.  I thought that this was Academy Award  material at it's best!
B000000OQY|1.0|Hey, I've listened to most of their atrocious albums, and this one by far is the worst. It's bad music, lousy singing, and totally offensive lyrics. Writing songs that put other people down is the lowest form of bigotry. So,  Gen X, you think this is great rock music? Listen to the Beatles and the  Rolling Stones and experience truly great rock music.
B00000IPAX|5.0|I am a NEW Blink182 fan.I loved them on the &quot;Can't Hardly Wait&quot; sound track and &quot;American Pie&quot; movie acting debut.I thought that there new album rocked and was better and more of those &quot;Get that song  stuck in your head&quot; music which is GOOD.I love the &quot;Party  Song&quot;.
630025111X|5.0|This film captures as no other the lives of the American Cowboy. What is felt most poignantly are the relationships among the men who punch cattle.     The film conveys all the facets of life, both physical and emotional. No  other film exhibits the profound attachments and respect felt by the men  for their horses and the environment in which they lived and which was  their livelihood.      The Comeraderie and competition which were part of  their daily existence was so accurately portrayed that one can't help  feeling sad that a way of life which expesses this  kind of freedom has  passed from the scene. The tenderness of the relationship between Jeanne  Moreau and Lee Marvin is so real and yet so subtley played by both that one  has to marvel at the direction of this movie.   No other movie conveys the  feelings this one does. The cold, the loneliness, the uncertainty, the sad  knowing that it is all over for the cowboy,that his era has ended.  Momma  Cass's voice as the continuo for the film was a stoke of genius.  Her  melancholy &quot;There Are good Times Coming&quot; is an untruth which we  all know .The characters know also but their refusal to acknowledge makes  us empathize and we like them more for not giving in.  Their time on the  scene was short only about twenty years but the spirit they conveyed is  still part of the American psyche.     I rank it number one in all the  westerns ever made.
6300247120|5.0|This movie is very entertaining for several reasons:<br />1. It show a young boy, Dave, who not only has a great gift for bicycling, but also has an incredibly focused mind that is required for winning races.<br />2.  Dave is  so enthusiastic about bicycling that he self-learns Italian (evidently the  Italians had the best race team at the time).  He speaks Italian to his  friends and his parents which drives his dad up the wall.  He gets carried  away with this act when he uses it to win the heart of a beautiful college  co-ed.<br />3.  Comedy. Dave and his three friends are shown struggling  through their respective challenges in life.  Each boy's life is very  different, but they are all very good friends, and the movie uses lots of  comedy to develop each character.<br />4.  Winning spirit.  Even though the  sport is biking, anyone who is impartial to bike racing will enjoy this  movie because it displays the necessary winning attitude.<br />5.  The movie  won an Oscar for Best Screenplay, and righfully so.  The story is original  and the characters are very welll written.  The director did an excellent  job at making the story relatable and believable.<br />I have seen this movie  over five times and I still get tense toward the end of the &quot;Little  500&quot; race. Yes, it's that good!
038533348X|5.0|Cats Cradle has become one of my all-time favorites. I recommend it to everyone becuase I rarely like sci-fi-ish or war/ military related books but this was able to keep me interested. Vonnegut has a thought provoking  writing style.
B0000025RI|4.0|What one can say about the best seeling album of all times? I only think that the slow songs on it are not the best Micahel wrote in his career. But he &quot;dancing&quot; ones are fantastic!
B00000D9TQ|4.0|In my book a worthy compilation includes every worthwhile song.  While this is a good buy, since a few songs on here were not on any of Phil's albums but rather movie soundtracks or the album of another artist he  collaborated with, it is missing a few classics and all I can say is, this  is not a &quot;hits&quot; disc that makes buying the other albums  unnecessary.  &quot;I Don't Care Anymore&quot;, &quot;Don't Lose My  Number&quot;, and &quot;Do You Remember&quot; are sorely missing.  If these  three were only on there, it would have gotten 5 stars.  Still, this has  most of the radio staples we all know and love, and no fan should be  without it.
B000002OYB|4.0|Actually I quite like this album. There are a couple of real clunkers (eg. &quot;Runnin' For the Red Light&quot;), but parts of it really soar. Strangely, the two recycled Steinman songs are the least interesting on the  album. (I actually prefer Steinman's own version of &quot;Left In The  Dark&quot;.) The  Sammy Hagar song is a lot of fun, with a late-Elvis feel,  and if Meat was ever gonna do a Tom Waits song, well, &quot;Martha&quot; (a  longing for lost young love) is the one. Not a classic, but a solid album  nevertheless.
B00000J7J4|5.0|I just love this album.  I heard &quot;Smooth&quot; on the radio a buncha times and after about the 50th or 60th time I had to buy the whole cd because I just knew I would love it.  The Dave Matthew's song &quot;Love of  my life&quot; had just the perfect tone, tempo and rhyme and the most  beautiful lyrics so I just had to send some of 'em to my girlfriend.
B000005J56|5.0|Bought the CD when it first came out. Just saw the movie, and just bought the 2nd NEW Buena Vista CD !!<br />I think Cooders musical addition is cool. Puts a subtle twist on some of the tunes, but doesn't overwhelm. Great to  see ALL of these guys getting together. See the movie !!
6304595247|5.0|First time i was this movie is about ralph fiennes.  i started crying becuase give the viewer the feeling of being in love with your soulmate and love until death.  Also give the feeling about how a man like heathcliff  could be everything else but love is more stornger that everythin else.  i  give it 5 star because i believe that.
B000003TAR|5.0|in utero and nevermind are two of the greatest rock c.d.s ever made . if you do not have in utero already , what are you waiting for?!? every song on this album is perfect !
0395645662|4.0|According to Lowry, The Giver, like her other books, is about \\"the vital need for humans to be aware of their interdependence, not only with each other, but with the world and its environment.\\"  As an adult of  35, my reading of The Giver disclosed a book steeped in Jungian  psychology/philosophy.  Although most of the over 530 reviews before mine  were written by young adults or children, several were also written by  adults (including teachers).  I find it strange that nobody mentioned the  Jungian connection until now.  Carl Jung's concepts of synchronicity, the  collective unconscious (\\"Elsewhere\\" and \\"Memories of the  Whole World\\"), Archtypes of the Unconscious, our \\"twin\\"  shadow figures (see Lily's ramblings on pg. 137) which teach us through our  dreams, the Self (\\"this IS my life... the memories\\" pg. 103)...  it's all there hidden in the text.  The term \\"Elsewhere\\" is  ambiguous and equivocal; it has different meanings.  Those who are  \\"released\\" (killed) or \\"lost\\" (natural death) go  \\"Elsewhere.\\"  But \\"Elsewhere\\" also implies somewhere  outside of the community where there are hills, snow, animals, and, it is  implied (although made improbable - e.g., airplanes), a civilization like  the readers of the book, but I don't believe Lowry intended that OUR  civilization co-exist on the same planet as Jonas's, and the Elsewhere that  he and Gabe found at the end of the novel was the \\"final  destination\\" that \\"held their future and their past\\" (pg.  179) as well as that of every person: DEATH, which, paradoxically, does not  necessarily mean non-existence but entrance into an afterlife.  But, given  Jung's (and Lowry's) philosophy, the afterlife or Elsewhere that Jonas and  Gabe experience is the Collective Unconscious or Memory of the entire human  race!  Remember, \\"memories are forever\\" (pg. 104) and we ARE our  memories (pgs. 103-104).  The end of the last chapter is vague precisely  because entrance into the Jungian Elsewhere via \\"received\\"  memories (of Christmas, the sled, etc.) and imagination (that \\"special  knowledge that was deep inside him,\\" pg. 179, before he died) is vague  as a philosophical idea.<br /><br />Aside from the Jungian philosophy, there are  obviously many great things about this book that make it a classic for both  young and old.  Read the other reviews!  Personally, I enjoyed the book and  consider it essential reading in the dystopian genre.  Thanks Tammy for  recommending it to me! - Brad Clarkstmas, the sled, etc.) and imagination (that \\"special  knowledge that was deep inside him,\\" pg. 179, before he died) is vague  as a philosophical idea.    Aside from the Jungian philosophy, there are  obviously many great things about this book that make it a classic for both  young and old.  Read the other reviews!  Personally, I enjoyed the book and  consider it essential reading in the dystopian genre.  Thanks Tammy for  recommending it to me! - Brad Clark
B00000K2SC|5.0|A Sci-fi thriller that really keeps you interested through the whole movie.  There does seem to be a generation gap however.  Adults who have not grown up with computers do not seem to feel the essence of the movie as  well as those who have.  However, if yor mind is open, and you are looking  for an exciting movie, this could very well be one of your favorites!
044022425X|5.0|Only a very few books of the same length (and weight) of Drums of Autumn are able to maintain an even level of interest (or rather fascination) throughout the entire story. While reading the novel I was struck by the  candid, deft &quot;voice&quot; of the author as she continued the story of  the very passionate, very human Frasers...  Though some of the newer  characters were less well developed (lacking the same degree of  introspection from the previous novels) they were perfectly believable in  their actions and misadventures... Add a plot line ingeniously entangled,  accentuated with exquisite detail (highly commendable), and viola! you have  a novel of the highest caliber...
B000002NJS|1.0|I don't get all the five star reviews. There's not much cutting edge about this album. Yeah it sounds good, but there's isn't anything unique about the song writing. Plus, most of the music is adult contemporary, no real  dance tunes except ROL. The album is OK, but no classic. I mean &quot;your  frozen if your hearts not open&quot;. Come on! I know people in my  neighborhood who could write better lines than that.
B00000DGUM|5.0|Skid Row has been one of my favorite bands since I was 10. I bought this after I had the debut after 4 years. I rediscovered the skids when I met my girlfriend. I enjoyed this album because it gave me a chance to listen to  some of the tunes off &quot;Subhuman Race&quot;, which I didn't own but  since then do. I also own &quot;Slave To the Grind&quot;, &quot;B-Side  Ourselves&quot;, &quot;Bring 'Em Bach Alive!&quot;, &quot;Subhuman Beings  On Tour&quot;, and the vidoes &quot;No Frills&quot;, and &quot;Oh Say Can  You Scream.&quot; All of which are great!
B00000J7J4|5.0|There are great rock musicians, blues musicians,  reggae musicians, and jazz musicians. Carlos Santana transcends all these categories and especially so in this album where he truly shows us his incredible talent.  Working with the new generation of musicians (David Mathews, Lauryn Hill,  Eagle Eye Cherry, and others) as well as his old friend Eric Clapton, he  weaves a beautiful tapestry of sound. This (in my humble opinion) is the  album that will take us into the millenium!
B000002HMH|4.0|I'm not a heavy-metal fan per se. I bought and enjoyed immensely &quot;Ride The Lightning&quot; and The Black Album (&quot;Metallica&quot;). After listening to other Metallica albums and disliking them as mere noise,  I bought &quot;Load.&quot;<br />Though without outstanding hits such as  &quot;For Whom the Bell Tolls&quot;, &quot;Creeping Death&quot;, &quot;The  Unforgiven&quot; or &quot;Nothing Else Matters&quot;, this album still  holds its own with beautiful songs such as &quot;Hero of the Day&quot;,  &quot;King Nothing&quot;, &quot;Bleeding Me&quot; and &quot;Until It  Sleeps.&quot;<br />I recommend this album for people who aren't necessarily  heavy-metal die-hards who already have &quot;Ride The Lightning&quot; and  The Black Album.
0780627024|4.0|This movie is the neatest movie ever made! Special effects and everything! Sometimes this movie makes you wish you were stuck in the show with them, although they are manipulating it (YOU may not want them to). Not much  humor, but that doesn't mean any of this movie is bad. I saw this one four  times, and it became predictable after the second time.
B00000DGUG|5.0|I call myself her oldest fan.  I am 47 y/o but her words speak to me personaly.  I realize she doesn't have the best voice in musice today but her words canl't be compared to anyone elses.  I call her MY angry young  woman.  I have both albums and enjoy the songs on first listening to them.   High praise from an&quot;old lady&quot;.
B000002H72|5.0|OK, everyone knows the Pixies rock, but Frank's much better then they ever were.  Doolittle is a great album, but Hey, Pistolero is even better.  So if you really like this, check out Frank Black's work .
B00000IP3S|5.0|Musically intoxicating, vocally engulfing. Buy this CD or die not knowing what you missed. The best money you'll spend this year !
B00000JCB2|5.0|You really need to get this CD.  It is soooo tight, I think it's a lock for album of the year
0441172717|4.0|This is defiantly one of the most monumental novels of the century. The story is good, and pretty well written, but it has it's moments of completely and inexcusably boring &amp; or stupid parts. I find that some  of the descriptions are a little on the tedious side, but maybe that's just  because I'm pretty young. I might learn to appreciate the depth of it, as I  grow older. I find that descriptions in &quot;The Wheel of Time&quot;  series are much more interesting then the ones Herbert writes. I also found  it disturbing that the book went into so much detail of the Fremen life and  religion. I know that this might be interesting for some people, but for me  it was down right boring and not needed! And again, like with most long  novels, the author could have told the story in half the pages! With all of  the above rants, I must say that I did enjoy reading this book, but I  really don't understand how it has such a strong following. Probably the  best character development was with the Harkonnen's which are the evil  guys. The Baron Vladimir Harkonnen was a very interesting character, as was  his nephew the co-baron Feyd-Rautha. The best parts of the book are the  first 200 pages, and then it starts to go down hill from there until the  climatic last battle, which was superb! I can't give this book a full five  stars because it was not the best I have read. I would, however, recommend  it for people, but I'd even more recommend books by such authors as  Tolkien, and Jordan. The ending of &quot;Dune&quot; was a bit of a cliff  hanger, so I'm going to be going to read the next book in the series  &quot;Dune Messiah&quot; hoping that the series will get even better as I  go along. Enjoy the book!
0394716787|5.0|Any young student of Poe might do well to own this book. Granted, bigger volumes can be found, but this brings to print some of his major works. Start with this one, then buy \\"Poe, Poe, Poe, Poe...\\" and learn  something about the person he was. Read about first as a poet and author  here, avoiding all the fluff about horror in his life. \\"The  Raven\\" is a love story, not a scary poem. The poet is lamenting a love  lost to death, not creating a creepy tale about a talking bird. \\"The  Tell-Tale Heart\\" is about the foolishness of crime and criminals, not  a murder mystery. Read the best of Poe, and then buy a full set of his  poems, stories, letters and criticisms. Fascinating stuff.<br /><br />Anthony Trendl<br />editor, HungarianBookstore.com
0871137380|4.0|Mr. Bowden takes us through the intricate details of this star-crossed mission without getting burdened by overly technical descriptions.  It is an action-packed, accurate account which will rivet you to your seat.  I  highly recommend this book.
0385486804|5.0|McCandless was intriguing.  He takes what you dream about and does it.  He lived simply after school, and I think the reason for a poor relationship with his parents was their inability to understand him and why he went  where he went and did what he did.  I can relate to McCandless in that  respect.  Some people want you to fit the mold, they think you should do it  this way or that, and they certainly believe their way is the best.   McCandless went against the grain of security and easy living.  Instead he  worked hard when he worked and ate and lived meagerly.  He experienced all  the highs and lows of life never fearing what may lie ahead.  Nothing could  hold him back, not even money - in fact to prove it he either gave it away  or burned it.  And one of the best things of all, he left an impression on  people, he changed their lives and gave them a new perspective.  You won't  be able to put this book down and it may just change your life.
0385493800|5.0|I have read every Grisham novel (usually within a couple of days of their release).  This one took me longer to get around to, but am I glad I did!  Thank you so much, Mr. Grisham, for not portraying the Christians in your  book as wild-eyed Bible-beating lunatics, but instead portraying them as  human beings following a different path.  I highly recommend this book.  While it lags a little in the middle, it is all in all fabulous - much  better than Street Lawyer.  I'm looking forward to the next one!
B000002KHF|5.0|This album has so much power. Whenever I listen to any of the songs on the radio or in the movies as background music, I feel so emotionally stirred. In my life starting from Tokyo now in upstate New York, this album somehow  supports my sentiment long before I actually own it. It is truly mystic.
630512762X|1.0|This is easily the worst movie either Travolta or Cage has ever made. It is action without realism, shooting for the sake of shooting (with very little hitting), the camera work and action scenes are ripped off from  other movies, and the plot line is totally stupid. I can't stress enough  what a smelly peice of hollywood big money trash this is!
B000002MP2|5.0|I liked numbers 5,7,10,12, and14
B000003JDA|5.0|This album is great.  It has a little of everything, from rockin (Precious Chain) to slower introspective pieces (At Last-Forever) Great songs include: Rare and Precious Chain -  This Free Will -  Valley -  Dangerous  Veils -  Beside Myself -  At Last, Forever -  Stuck in the August Rain -   Another Harry's Bar<br />Well...I guess I just named off almost the entire  album, which is a good thing.  Oh, and get DotCom, their new album.
6304935811|5.0|Patton doesn't always reflect historically accurate facts, but George C. Scott turns in one of the best perfomances in the history of cinema. He is amazing in the role, and you know that when watching this movie, you're  there. This is Patton, that's Bradley, that's Montgomery. This is a hell of  a movie. Jerry Goldsmith's score also helps make it what it is... It's  really a shame more people these days haven't seen it. One other thing...  Patton needs to be on DVD.
B00000JGOH|5.0|This film has one of the wittiest screenplays ever. Not only does it sustain the central conceit of the plot. It works on several other levels. The script is loaded with references to other Shakesphere works. Many of  which require multiple viewings to catch. Take it from one who has read  *ALL* of the plays that there is much to savor here. The structure of the  plot itself is ingeniuosly crafted to echo 'Romeo and Juliet' but in  subtle, indirect ways. This film is alive in every sense of the world.  Anyone who refers to it as a chick-flick or flighty entertainment is not at  a very high level of artistic engagement. As a matter of fact they are just  at the level to be impressed by the banal platitudes of 'Saving Private  Ryan'.
B00000IQV7|5.0|Patch Adams is most likely one of the best comedy-drama films ever made. The well written screenplay based on the true story of Hunter &quot;Patch&quot; Adams combines side-splitting humor with serious drama.  Robin Williams steals the show as Patch Adams, and Monica Potter also has  her moments in the film. Wonderfully done film that is worth every penny.
B00000DHR0|5.0|When I bought Celine Dion's Christmas album I knew to expect great music but I was a little upset that there wasn't enough traditional stuff.  I was so wrong.  The new music with the traditional combines for a stellar album.  Celine's powerful voice is like no other in the world.  If you doubt me,  listen to O Holy Night, O Come All Ye Faithful, and Christmas Eve.  Even if  you're not a Celine Dion fan, you've got to buy this album just for The  Prayer, her duet with Andrea Bocelli.  It is one of the most beautiful  songs I've ever heard.  This album will be treasured for years to come.
0679428887|2.0|Whereas Fatherland and Enigma were fascinating, Archangel is little more than readable.  The story never meshes.  It's not until the 250th page or so that the reader finally understands the whole plot.  For the bulk of the  book I was struggling to understand what the big hubbub was  about.<br />Despite the confusion, the book holds together well until the very  end.  The final 20 pages are mind-boggling.  I had to re-read it several  times to understand what was happening.  It's as if Harris was rushed to  finish the book and compacted several chapters worth of information into  one.  Disappointing.
B000002H97|5.0|this is easily, undeniably, definitley, positivley. without a single doubt the best album of the ninties. not only does it contain some of the best metal/rock songs ever but also some of the best instrument playing and  ballads. a must-have for any rocker. its 100% pure rock n roll.
630157401X|5.0|Raiders Was the best, but this one has nothing wrong with it. It had a lot of action scenes, but they were all very short. Most of them contained some kind of vehicle, or transportation.<br />1. Young Indy is chased, and goes  aboard a train.<br />2. Indy is going after the Cross of Coroniel, on a  ship.<br />3. Indy and Elsa are on a speedboat chased by the holy grail  keepers.<br />4. The motorcyle chase with Indy and his father<br />5. Indy and  his father are chased by 2 warbird jets<br />6. Indy and his Dad get into a  car and try to outrun a warbird jetplane.<br />7. Indy tries to stop the  NAZI's by boarding on their army tank.
B000000W74|5.0|This was my first John Lee Hooker album, purchased on Sunset Boulevard during a business trip to Los Angeles. It was and always will remain one of my favorites. Hooker's performances on &quot;Deep Blue Sea,&quot;  &quot;Talkin' the Blues&quot; and the incredibly dramatic and understated  &quot;Tupelo&quot; are worth the price of admission alone. Santana's turn  on the title song is hypnotic, and Van Morrison's appearance in  &quot;Serves Me Right/Syndicator&quot; is a lot of fun.<br />&quot;Chill  Out&quot; is a more-than-worthy companion to Hooker's other great  &quot;modern&quot; albums, &quot;The Healer,&quot; &quot;Mr. Lucky,&quot;  and &quot;Don't Look Back.&quot; If you love the blues, if you love music,  GET THIS ALBUM.
B00000J2L7|5.0|The movie was amazing, it wasn't a long time when i first saw lolita, which was far, far better than the newer version, so i thought i'd see this, again, the movie was perfect, the kind that would hold you on the  edge of your seat, but i'm not sure why it was named Dr.Strangelove...  and  why do people give this movie a bad rating just because the aspect ratio is  misleading or the box is not preaty enough for them...
B000002L7G|4.0|It's a great album, but the ecclectic songs of Knopfler's previous work that truly reflect his emotion are not here.  He appears to be pleasing everybody, and that is probably why it is such a good seller.  The guitar  work is smooth, precise, and are otherwise perfect, but for real Knopfler,  try their first self-titled album, Dire Straits or their more prog-rock  album, Love over Gold.
B00000K19E|5.0|I've watched it four times this far. And this film surpassedalmost 95% of the Sci-Fis I have seen in my entire life. <br /> I'd like to add that I really enjoy the &quot;love story&quot; factor that plays minimal but vital part in this flick; as evidenced everywhere in the movie especially when Carrie-Anne gestured and looked into Neo's eyes. It can potentially be an extraordinary sci-fi love story.Great great film with flaws, but in the way I like it.
6305470448|5.0|This is probably the most totally entertaining movie to come along in many years!  The screenplay is wonderfully written and acted by a tremedous cast.  Even if this isn't the way Romeo &amp; Juliet came to be, it should  have been!  A MASTERPIECE!
0446604844|1.0|I could not finish this piece of trash.  The dialogue was so bad that it made me laugh.  How could this be published?  Fifth graders can do better than this!
0780625129|5.0|American History X is one of those rare movies that you are unable to forget.  I just finished watching it yesterday and it's overwhelmed me.  The reason it sticks with you is because violence like this does invade the  lives of real people--not just these characters.  This is the best movie  I've seen in a long time.  Edward Norton is unbelievable.
B0000027I6|5.0|This album is definitely the best of his 4 solo albums ( I consider 'The Final Cut' a Roger Waters solo album).  It gets its point across and is Waters best writing since the Wall. This album sounds more like a Pink  Floyd alBum than does A Momentary Lapse of Reason or the Division Bell.
B00000FZ1V|5.0|The list of car repairs that Ray gives is priceless!!(That's a big Twinkie)  This is the movie to buy a DVD player for.(They hate this, I like to torture them) The added scenes are great, and the extra promo stuff is  very cool! (What is, the MAGIC word?)The one liners in this movie are  endless.(That would have worked if you hadn't stopped me)If you saw this  movie 5 years ago, or if you just removed it from your VCR, run out and get  this on DVD.(We can cause more damage that way)If it were in the theaters  today, you would spend twenty bucks to see it once.(Everybody has three  mortgages nowadays) Plus you would not have all the neat behind the scenes  stuff.(Is it a Star?) Once your wife sees how cool this DVD is, she won't  mind that you bought the expensive DVD player to go with it(Let's show this  prehistoric lady how we do things down town).
0060922583|5.0|For the last few years I've pursued many avenues of metaphysical study. The funny thing is, whenever someone asks me to recommend a book(s) concerning one of those avenues, I always start by recommending the  Holographic Universe first. The &quot;Holographic Universe&quot; theory is  perhaps the most exciting concept to ever come from the arena of quantum  physics. What's even more amazing is that Michael Talbot has managed to  turn this theory into an &quot;easy read.&quot; If your only going to read  one metaphysical book in your life, make this the one.
B000007491|5.0|If you like Supertramp, particularly their albums from 1975 - 1979, you will appreciate this one. &quot;Surely&quot; and &quot;Maybe I'm A Beggar&quot; are hauntingly beautiful, yet powerful, for me.  Lyrically,  this may be the original group's best. Enjoy!!!
0385484518|4.0|I found the book to be very delightful. I picked it up and wasfinished reading it in less than two hours. I just couldn't put itdown. This book allowed me to think about my life and how I thought my life would turn out to be after college. A must have!!
0780626478|4.0|This isn't exactly the type of movie I'd like, but  after seeing it for the first time so far, I like it very much,especially since Brendan Fraser was in it, and intend to buy it as soon as I can.
B000009ED0|5.0|What an awesome album!  There is such a variety here, I am amazed.  I had actually never heard any of Kid Rock's music before I bought the album; I had heard him featured on ICP's Carnival of Carnage.  He sounds quite a bit  different now, but none the less great.  From the smooth rolling Cowboy to  the haunting Bullgod to the pensive, laid back Only God Knows Why, this  album has it all.
0385493800|2.0|Started off interesting enough, but then fell into an endless grind of pointless detail and useless information.  What was the point behind this story?!  The ending was non-existent and disappointing. I usually enjoy his  books, but this one will not get recommended to friends and family.
6304618344|5.0|Just a great movie with two great hollywood stars,  action packed and suspensful, need I say more
0767817664|5.0|I enjoyed the mixture of comedy and horror mix.  It's doesn't get gross like a lot of horror movies feel they have to.  Good group of actors, especially Roddy McDowall as Peter Vicent the Fearless Vampire Killer.   Plus good lines like &quot;Welcome to Fright Night, for real!&quot;.  Plus  there is a nicely done seductive dance sence, and good music throughout the  movie.  A definite must see of older horror movie fans, and vampire fans a  like.
0784010188|5.0|Great movie which you never get tired of seeing and seeing and seeing. Although it would have been great to see more of the T-1000, the special effects are still awesome but after the DVD experience, audio has been the  best asset of the movie. Even the &quot;teaser&quot; sounds spectacular. It  has to be (until now) the best audio and f/x in a home movie combined.
B00000JCB2|3.0|Is Limp Bizkit losing it? *sigh*. I was really psyched for this new album after hearing &quot;Nookie&quot;. I mean, c'mon, it was pretty sweet. Unfortunatly, it's been overplayed, and I'm kinda tired of it. Lemme admit,  I liked this CD alot when I first got it, mainly 'cuz I was so excited  about it that I couldn't NOT like it. But the more I listen to it the more  I yearn for the &quot;Three Dollar Bill,Y'All$&quot; days. There are some  songs that I still like, namely &quot;Just Like This&quot;, &quot;9 Teen 90  Nine&quot;, &quot;Trust?&quot;, &quot;Re-Arranged&quot;, &quot; N 2gether  Now&quot;. But I have a problem with the pathetic conversion of  &quot;Cambodia&quot; into &quot;Show Me What You Got&quot;.  &quot;Cambodia&quot; is a much better song and they should have just put  that on the CD. &quot;Nobody Like You &quot; and &quot;Don't go off  Wandering&quot; are good songs, but they aren't what I want to hear from  Limp. I wanna hear crazy riffs and angry lyrics like in &quot;Stuck&quot;.  Finally, the two worst songs are &quot;I'm Broke and &quot;Break  Stuff&quot;, especially &quot;Break Stuff&quot;. There is absolutely no  lyrical meaning whatsoever in that song, and on top of that, they're weak.  After hearing &quot;Ohhhhh, you wanna play that game bitch? Make a dash for  my cash it's your ass that I'm blastin' !&quot; , I think Fred could've  done a litttle better than &quot;You'll be leavin' with a fat lip.&quot;  (gasp!). The guitar never really picks up into heaviness, the whole song  just sucks. It was awful live, too. But hey, I still like parts of the CD,  it's just nowhere near as awesome as their first one.
0226264017|2.0|Mr. Friedman is certainly the greatest living economist and this book is the best there is for an introduction to what capitalism really is. Mr Friedman explains to us the complex basics of economics that most still  don't understand. For example when two capitalists exchange money or goods  is one getting ripped off, are they doing something trivial, selfish, or  wasteful  that should be regulated by the gov't, or are they advancing the  cause of prosperity ,civilization and freedom? Mr. Friedman walks us  through these issues, and more, very brilliantly but in the end he doesn't  tell us what to do. When we watch the evening news or walk into the voting  booth we are not asked for our opinion of capitialism,rather, we are asked  our opinions of Democrats and Republicans. The real issue is not capitalism  vs. other; it is Republicans vs Democrats. The book: Understanding The  Difference Between Democrats and Republicans is still one of the very few,  unbelievably, that deals with this, the most important issue we face. And  it isn't ashamed to point out at great length  the connection between  Republicans, capitalism, and freedom.
B000002BFZ|5.0|I know that most people are going to disagree with me, but for some strange reason, I think this is Pearl Jam's best album. I really don't think they are going to top this one as long as they last. I owned  &quot;Vs.&quot; for awhile but I gave it up because I really wasn't to  pleased with it. I got this album as a birthday present nearly 3 years ago.  When I first saw the packaging and heard the music, I didn't exactly know  what to make of it. I thought it was so strange. Soon, I just found it  growing on me as the days went on. I had a depressing senior year in high  school, and listening to this album seemed to get me by for some reason.  That's how powerful this album is. It sought of reflects my mood and the  way I think quite often. That's probably why I love it. I just love that  dark, depressed, rugged, &quot;cabin in the woods&quot;, type sound it  sends. It sounds better than Neil Young. I can also understand why some  people wouldn't like it, because in my opinion this album isn't for just  anyone, I think only certain people would like it because they feel a  sought of emotional and mental type connection that not too many people  have in this world. Eddie Vedder has got to be  the most misunderstood  rocker in the 90's, at times I don't understand him, but he's a genius. My  personal favorites on this album are: &quot;Sometimes&quot;, &quot;Hail,  Hail&quot;, &quot;Who You Are&quot;, &quot;In My Tree&quot;,  &quot;Smile&quot;, &quot;Off He Goes&quot;, &quot;Habit&quot;, &quot;Red  Mosquito&quot;, &quot;Lukin&quot;, &quot;Present Tense&quot;,  &quot;Mankind&quot;, &quot;I'm Open&quot;, &quot;Around The Bend&quot;...  OOPS................, Why didn't I just say I love the whole entire album,  to make the review shorter?, Maybe because there was no other way of  expressing my love for this album and everything about it.<br />&quot;I'm  Open&quot;, is a really good song dear fellow listeners.
0440133688|2.0|I agree with the reader from Chicago.  This is a wrenching story of disillusionment and personal transformation, and a shocking look at post-graduate medical education.  I found the author's inability to write  easier to stomach, however, than his frequent bewildering digressions.  I  suggest just skipping the longer paragraphs all together- the one-liners  hold most of the story's punch.
B000002U82|5.0|Pay no heed to the tremendous hype this album has amassed.  Just listen to it.  From the first heartbeat to the last, you'll never take a more profoundly SATISFYING musical journey.
B000003NA4|5.0|I think &quot;Love Scenes&quot; is her best to date.  Can't wait to see her in october, I just hope her live performances can match her albums.  Not very often do I hear remakes of old songs and like them better than the  the original, she accomplishes that.
0553278223|5.0|When I was told that I had to read this book for school, I was overly upset.  I have never enjoyed anything science fiction in my life; not movies, not books, nothing. First, we read Farenheit 451: one of the best  books ever written.  Then the Martian Chronicles.  At first, I couldn't  stand the book, but then I got into it.  It really isn't about martians and  it really isn't science fiction.  It is one man's satrical view of our  future world.  And the picture he paints is not a positive one.  I think  that both of these Bradbury books should be required reading for all.  Not  because they are science fiction classics but because of the fabulous  lesson that is portrayed in both.  I wouldn't consider it a self help book,  but it did put many things in perspective.  It will make you want to be a  better person and it will make you want to live in a better world.  It was  an eye-opener.
B00000J7S8|5.0|Not her best, but much better than most others. I was slightly disappointed that Krall chose to go away from her piano talents more on this cd. Still, her voice is quite beautiful to listen too. Maybe those who  have been so negative with this new release are comparing it too much to  her previous works, or to the greats like Ella and Shirley.  I've seen/read  plenty of interviews with Diana Krall, and those few listeners are the only  ones comparing her to the greats. For those who knocked &quot;Let's Face  the Music and Dance&quot; for being &quot;lackluster,&quot; look at the  type of music it is . . . Bossa Nova? Since when was Bossa Nova brash and  booming?  The music type is smooth and unassuming, which Krall hits  perfectly.  Looks have nothing to do with talent such as hers, she could  look like the elephant woman and still have a huge following with her kind  of talent.  I think this is an album that will prove its tremendous worth  if given a fair listening.
B00000IQMT|5.0|No other composer in our time can score movies like good old Williams. This CD is a great buy, and true to the Star wars saga's earlier scores. However, the CD lacks 50 minutes of music to be complete, which is really  sad. The music presente here is all great, but the tracks are neither in  movie order, nor presented as they are in the movie. <br />The Empire Strikes  back is still the best. But this one tops &quot;A New Hope&quot;, so buy  it!
B000007MVM|4.0|here's the deal: piper at the gates of dawn is the greatest pink floyd album ever.  it's also the only pink floyd album which features the wonderful, eccentric songs of syd barrett. get it?  when syd left pink  floyd, the band turned into the bloated, overrated bore that they continue  to be today.  sure, they had a couple of inspired moments -- even i have to  admit that the wall is a pretty impressive piece of work -- but, for the  most part, they're an average band at best.  but syd's something else  entirely.  he's an original, and he refuses to bow to the pressures of  commercialism or anything else.  he is what he is -- and what he is is  pretty freaking impressive.  he's a unique songwriter who seems to be  gladly led wherever his goofy muse takes him.  the results are not always  pretty, and the songs are not always catchy in a &quot;top 40&quot; type of  way, but this stuff has a real weight to it.  check this album out, but  give it time -- you'll soon realize what i'm yappin' about, brothers and  sisters....
B0000009S3|5.0|This is one of Zappa's best, and that means one of *the* best and most inventive albums around.  I first bought this in vinyl over 25 years ago and, while the  original arrangements were arguably superior to those on the CD version,  this is still a must-have album.  Great on any level.
1853260002|5.0|This is the most perfect book ever written.  Great for lovers of romantic novels.
0792839625|1.0|My biggest problem with this movie is that the dance numbers are continually interrupted for pointless shots such as a taxi stuck in traffic,  Micheal Douglas' adams apple bobbing up and down (way too many of  those),or Cassie looking at herself in the mirror.  Fred Astaire taught us  that the dance should carry the film and that film shots should show the  whole dancer and not just legs or arms.  The director obviously felt that  the story and the dance were not good enough to carry the movie and  reverted to the MTV generation of quick shots and lots and lots of editing.   Too bad.  The story is about dance and what it means to be a dancer and  love what that is.  The story should have been left alone and dance numbers  should have been shot in their entirety.
0451524985|5.0|You know me as, Sir Clifford of Wragby, the gentleman who gets cuckolded by a fatuous gamekeeper in my employ named Mellors. Well, I simply won't stand for it; a man of his low breeding forgetting his place. Oh, this  Oliver Mellors is quite the cad, a Born Bounder, as are all Derbyshire men,  I'm told.<br />Right. Now see here, Lads, I hired this Mellors chap as my  gamekeeper, but he has cultivated a taste for larger game than the rabbits,  wouldn't you say? And Lady Chatterley? My Chaste Connie? Well, I'm sure  that I don't know. How could she? Surely not! A woman of her position?  <br />Lady Chatterley, lowering herself to surreptitious ephemeral  engagements?<br />  Lady Chatterley, cavorting about the Wragby Estate?<br />Lady  Chatterley, seduced by the promise of Priapic Pleasures?<br />God, how  ghastly!<br />I assure you, that I would take this man Mellors to task if it  weren't for the injury that has fated me to this wheelchair (a beastly  mechanical contrivance, to be sure.) Oh, blast it all, man. If it weren't  for this infernal contraption, which confines me completely, I dare say  that Mellors would never have been in a position to \\"press the issue,\\" as  it were.<br />Not much to be done for it now, is there, Lads? So bloody hard  to hire decent help these days, pity really. <br />Well, that said, let's have  no more of this nasty business. Right. I'm off, stiff, upper lip, always  ready for a go and all that. I shall bear it all for England, as one must.  <br />Cheerio.
B00000IL1K|5.0|Her live performance for Eden is exeptionally good like the CD ! Recommended to see and listen...
0792151712|1.0|What disturbed me about this film is not that it shows how bad a big-budget flick can be but that the viewers seemed to think it wonderful. I have seen a lot of films, but few have ever disappionted me as much as  this one. The acting is horrible. The two protagonists act like 90's  airheads. The story is banal and unstructured. The film just never seems to  get going. Even the finale was boring. However, this is not just a terrible  film in its own right, but it is also a great disservice to history. There  is-no matter what pubescent teenagers tell you- no emotional depth to the  film. Everything is made of cliches, and the real tragedy is not that the  boat sinks and passengers die but that you really couldn't care less. Yes,  that's what I said- couldn't care less. The lack of lack of emotional grip  in the film produces no response- except hormonal- in the viewer, and that  in itself is a disservice to those that actually lost their lives. This is  not a good film- trust me, I know. I have mingled with Renoir in The Rules  of the Game (1939) and I have danced with Ingrid in Casablanca (1942); and  there is nothing in Titanic to even graze the surface of these  masterpieces. Titanic, get real and get out of stock!
6300184501|5.0|This is one of the better episodes of Galactica.  They useFred Astaire in a roll that is basically Starbuck as an old man.  It'slight-hearted for the main part and one of the 6 or 7 episodes that holds up so many years later.
0876855575|5.0|Someday, when the current crop of snobs and fuddy-duddies who run the English departments in American universities begin to die off or retire, Bukowski will be required reading for anyone who wishes to be considered an  educated human being.  When this happens, Ham on Rye will be justly hailed  as one of the greatest novels of the 20th century.  Until that happens,  those of us in the know will just have to keep the faith, keep telling  people of Buk's genius, keep praying for those poor, misguided Ph.Ds with  their dry-as-death, dead-weight tomes and their sorry, miserable theories  of literature.<br />Bukowski is so real that he scares the phonies  shitless.<br />The king is dead!  Long live the king!
0688170528|5.0|It was easy to get sucked into this book after reading just the first page.  But it was what unfolded in the story, and the characters who came to life, that really kept me turning pages.  A beautiful yet tragic elegy  to adolescence, and all the emotions that stay with us throughout our  lives.
0375751513|2.0|The definition of &quot;classic&quot; is something timeless and universal; this book is neither. It does ask some &quot;deep&quot; questions but it doesn't make you really care about the answers; the characters are  one-dimensional and transparent. It's hard to seriously relate to any of  them, or this story. The writers' language is beautiful in a flowery way.  If you want a feel for the book, read the intro/prelude; there are some  interesting statements Wilde makes about &quot;ART&quot;. Otherwise, don't  bother. There's only so much of art-imitates-life-life-imitates-art you can  take.
6301934229|3.0|If this isn't the scariest movie....well, I don't know what
6300184528|2.0|Only memorable for its ordinariness.  Yet again our hero has been accused of a crime he didn't committ.  Fine for a one-hour drama set on Earth, but out in space anything can happen.  Anything.  Wish the writers had explored  their imaginations a little more for this one.
B000002TQV|5.0|I bought this after absorbing the essence of \\"OK Computer\\" and was not dissapointed at all though it is a bit less computer enhanced and sci-fi themed (not that it was just the use of technology that made  \\"OK Computer\\" so great). It is more oriented to sub-urban life  and has more songs about love, relationships and nostalgia than  \\"Computer\\" which makes it more down to earth. We get a hint of  sci-fi and isolation in an artificial world like that of  \\"Computer\\" in tracks like \\"Fake Plastic Trees\\"  and  \\"Black Star\\" (love that song). \\"Bullet Proof\\" is a  beautiful eerie song. \\"The Bends\\" is definitly worth the  purchase.
0385484518|5.0|This book touched me as it put into persective the only really difficult issue we face in life; the death of ourself or/and a particularly loved one.<br />it is well written and easy to read
0793927501|5.0|This is the best Thriller/Action movie ever made. The plot is really really great and the movie never gets boring. It is an intense Thriller from the time they crash in the woods to the famous bear scene. If you're  looking for a good non-boring Thriller/Action movie then this one is  perfect for you.
B00000IQW0|5.0|Battlestar Galactica is military science fiction that, in its better moments, is equal to Star Wars in quality.  This movie, taken from the pilot, &quot;Saga to a Star World,&quot; is one of the better  episodes of the series and I recommend it to anyone who enjoys science  fiction.
B00000IZOR|4.0|I loved it when my children first received this phone.  It was so similar to one I had played with as a child, but the more we played with it, the more I realized how outdated the phone style was.  The manufacturers might,  at least, consider a push button style.  The kids enjoy it though, they use  it as a pull-toy and have pretend conversations.
6305451591|5.0|This is the best movie that I've seen in my life. This movie tells us how our life are so vivid and amazing.Actually it's first time to see Itarian movie. This movie makes me to want to see more Itarians.
0451198670|1.0|Though I persevered to the end, the book was a sleeper.  It went in circles the whole way through.  The basis seemed good but I thought it needed a lot more substance.  The movie has to be better!
6305470448|5.0|Shakespeare in Love is one of the few movies that takes in depth the life of William Shakespeare and  gives everyone a behind-the-scenes look at his life. An outstanding cast and crew truely took their time to define his  work and actually understand the meaning of &quot;Oscar Worthly&quot;.  Paltrow 's performance was one of true heart. Her character touches me in a  way that possibly touched many others. In many of her previous films we  hear her &quot;English Accent&quot; but in this film she hits the note to  deserve &quot;Best Actress&quot;. Although the actual storyline  is one  that was made up, the costumes and props give you a real sensesation of  that time period. The material used for the script was well written and  constructed. Other outstanding performances by Joseph Finnes, Judy Drench (  &quot;Best Supporting Actress&quot; award), Jeffory Rush (&quot;Best  Supporting Actor nominee) Ben Affleck, and many many others. Besides the  criticisms from the press about the &quot;Best Film&quot; award,  Shakespeare in Love is one film undoubtfully in a class of its own from  that of Saving Private Ryan. Kudos to the many people who took the time to  really put forth a film that is absolutely wonderful. This is a  movie  everyone should see and enjoy!
0780622642|1.0|Great opening titles. But then it all went down the tubes. I was very disappointed. But that's getting to be the norm. It's so hard to find a good space movie these days. In this one some kind of pink monkey thing  turns up which is definitely a tone lighter than the rest of the film...as  if it doesn't belong in this movie at all, which I suspect is the case.  Lucas should ponder this point too: why bother computer-generating a  character who adds nothing to the film? As to the story it lost its core  audience somewhere in the middle, about the point where Will grew up and Dr  Smith became a stick insect. A shame really, as Gary Oldman's exquisite  Peter Cushing impression was really the best thing the movie had going for  it. Do you have anything less than a one star rating?
B00000IPAX|4.0|Enema of the State is a good CD. It has some great songs like Whats my Age Again, Going away to college, and All the small things. I only gave it four stars because it wasn't a great album and had its downpoints. If you don't  already have Dude Ranch, get it before Enema of the State.
6301236947|5.0|Phil Joanou's U2 RATTLE AND HUM truly is &quot;a musical journey,&quot; a fact the bands jokes about early on the film.  The black and white transition to color is memorable, as will their precious ballads from  JOSHUA TREE and earlier.  This is simply a must have film, and I only wish  Paramount Pictures would wake up and smell the world of DVD!  HEARTLAND is  a highlight, and I can't understand why it never made airplay.
0790734400|2.0|The special effects are o.k., but that's about the only good thing to be said about this overrated piece of junk. It's an annoying and irritating mess, filled with actors who think they're having fun, when in reality they  dislike the material. It if weren't for Burton or the big budget, would  they care ?. -Ofcourse not. It does however feature two of my favorite  actors; Joseph Maher and Sylvia Sidney. The great Maher is wasted in yet  another nothing-part, but Sidney is marvellous as Grandma. There's really  not much else to recommend it, I'm afraid.
B00000DHRX|5.0|These days it seems as if Americans have all but dismissed George Michael.  That is a darn shame.  Although he has become an easy target for tastless jokes and the like this has absolutely nothing to do with his music.  GM  has a terrific voice and he is one of the few artists out there who can  write/perform fast and slow songs with equally pleasing results.  The way  Americans rebuffed and ridiculed this cd and George Michael personally  makes me embaressed to live here.  I hope George knows that he still does  have true fans in the States.   The best slow song on here is &quot;Jesus  to a Child&quot; and the best fast song is &quot;Fastlove&quot;.  I only  wish George would have included the original version of &quot;I Want Your  Sex&quot; but you've got to hand it to the guy for giving us variety.    Keep up the great work George and come back to the States soon.  (By the  way do you have a new cd coming out in the near future?)
B000002H97|2.0|A certain genius from Minneapolis recorded an album in 1988 with an all black cover...that is the original use of the term &quot;black album.&quot; Isn't the name of this album Metallica?
0792840461|5.0|I was sixteen when I saw this in the movie theater - and I still love everything about it.  The cinematography - the fashion - the Michel Legrand soundtrack - the story - and of course, Steve McQueen and Faye Dunaway.   Their acting was minimal because they were at the core of who they were and  it was simply a question of who was going to change.  The standout to me  that is never mentioned is the performance of Jack Weston.  He was the  best.  &quot;Say goodnight, Irwin, dear&quot;...
B000002J27|2.0|Doing this pseudo-inteliigent music, Genesis made a bad album, much worse than &quot;Selling ENgland by the Pound&quot;, which is a classic. It's boring, slow, indulgent. Worthless.
B000005HFH|5.0|Definitely the one to get if you don't have any, are only going to buy one, or are introducing Chet to a friend. Every song is terrific in this well-thought-out collection. Thanks Chet!
B000002AD0|5.0|I've listened to pretty much every Santana CD available and this is by far the best.  Every single song blows me away.  &quot;Live At The Fillmore 68&quot; has all there best songs played better than ever before.  Get it.
6303617719|5.0|I don't know quite how and why but this movie is the best. It's romantic with good humour and two of the best actors. After seeing this movie my wife and I are in love and we are desperate to go to Paris again !
B00000JPH5|5.0|I was so ticked off when I checked into the Columbiahouse website recently and saw they had removed Labyrinth from their selections.... Needless to say I'm ecstatic to see it's being re-released! Yes it is a movie aimed at  children, but so is Star Wars and most people (including me) refuse to  admit that, so why should I admit it for Labyrinth? The cast deliver's  wonderful (if a little corny occasionally) performances, David Bowie  provides great music, regardless of the fact that he scares the crap out of  me when he's on scene (You'll either understand when you see or you won't)  and where else can you see George Lucas and Jim Henson team up?
B000007WO8|5.0|those of you who are fans of MMW, will find this to be as good as one of their own, and probably consider this their &quot;new album&quot;.  But, this is in fact John Scofields new album, and it is awesome!  It is  definately the return of Scofield.  He is larger than life on this album.  All the tunes were written by him and he could not have picked a better  back up than MMW.  They fit in this album like a freakin glove.  and boy do  they fit with Scofield.  not only do they fully participate in this album,  they excenuate Scofields new style.  Buy this album . you wont be  disappointed. Even if you dont like Scofield, you will like this one.  If  you like MMW you  will  love  this  album!!
031286504X|5.0|I ordered this book after hearing that Stephen King liked it. It was incredible. Neville is such a great character, and you really feel his pain. He is no longer a normal average guy. Now he's the  outsider, the feared one. When he is in a tight situation, this book makes  your heart race.When it is over, you feel like you know Neville  personally.Read this great book.
B000006OAM|3.0|Tigerlily deserved at least this much credit; it was an album to be accepted on its own terms or not at all.  How else to explain its quiet stormish, icy yet intimate style  Well, Ophelia is a musical progression of  Natalie Merchant's Tigerlily, which is to say that if you found Tigerlily  incredibly dull, Ophelia may not do it for you either.<BR><BR> The  instrumental and vocal arrangements are frequently wonderful, recalling at  different times Abbey Road, Automatic for the People, and a more subdued  10000 Maniacs.  Sometimes rich, sometimes spare, the droning, melancholy  soundscapes invite the listener to languish in them.<BR><BR> Needless to  say, this is more a record of sound than songs.  The songs are melodic and  sometimes memorable, but too often they seem to be just hammocks for the  instruments to rest in.  Worse, Natalie Merchant seems curiously distant  and emotionally uncommitted throughout the record.<BR><BR> I personally  felt that Tigerlily shared the same problem though, so I'm simply a nonfan  of Merchant's &quot;solo&quot; style.  Quite a few songs -- &quot;Frozen  Charlotte&quot;, &quot;Life is Sweet&quot;, the title track, and &quot;My  Skin&quot; -- manage enough emotional fortitude to make them more than just  a product of great arrangements.  But, quiet and subdued does not  necesarilly equal intimacy, and quite a few often, Natalie Merchant simply  does not seem to be inviting the listener to come into the music.<BR><BR>  Natalie Merchant's solo album invites comparison to Sarah McLachlan's.   Though Sarah's work share the same after-hours, candlelight mood of  Natalie's, a warm passion runs through even Sarah's quietest songs.  Most  importantly, she invites the listener in.
078322706X|2.0|then why did the director want his name taken off of it? it's ok, but at times, it's Really painful - brad pitt was horrible.
B00000J7RZ|4.0|When I first heard that Jennifer Lopez was going to have an album, I thought she would never make it because I heard she had a bad singing voice. She proved me wrong with &quot;If you had had my love&quot;, and  with &quot;No Me Ames&quot;. Though I think Selena had a better voice,  Jennifer's is not to bad! Her cd is ok, but she need to work on making the  other songs on her album good, like &quot;if you had my love.&quot;
B00000K2SE|5.0|Everyone should buy this movie...it is one of the greatest Sci-Fi films ever made.  The story makes many powerful suggestions and really leaves you feeling like you could be &quot;The One.&quot;  Everyone does a great job,  and the special effects and fight scenes are amazing!  BUY it!!!!!
0553277472|5.0|Like many other reviewers here I started this book more than once before I read it straight through.  I don't know whether a philosophy major would find it interesting but to a layman it was fascinating.  The motorcycle  trip and philosophical journey start on the east coast and move through the  midwest and great plains before making the heady trip into the Rockies.  As  the land is relatively flat so is the story and this is where people get  bogged down wondering what the point is.  But the rockies is where it all  happens.  If you make it that far you'll find an exhillerating  philosophical discussion (again, for the layman anyway).  At the very peak  of the mountain the land and the philosophical underpinnings start to give  way in small rock slides.  Where it is too dangerous to climb higher,  because the land is slippery and the philosophical concepts are more than  he feels he can get into in a book for laymen, I wish he had taken the risk  and climbed higher.  I felt capable of understanding the concepts he was  shying away from.  This shortcoming understood, I still loved it.
B000001FC0|5.0|You've probably heard most of the &quot;best&quot; songs on this album already, as Shout and Everybody Wants to Rule... were played to death in the 80's.  Knowing this, I don't know why I bought this album, let alone  the gold enhanced edition, but I soon discovered it was well worth it due  to the sheer power of one, slightly more obscure, song in particular, the  Working Hour.  I love the way the drums build up, it honestly gives me the  shivers every time.  Plus, the rest of the album isn't bad either.
B00000AFGM|5.0|Just for a second don't think about his appearance, his makeup, his body suit and his outrageous antics, and listen to his music...You will find that it is really good. This album is different from ACSS, which in my  opinion was the greatest album in rock history, but still, it is very  melodic, melancholy, brash at times and totally satisfying. And people  bashing him, please stop being childish.....This is only about the music  and nothing else
B000002LBH|5.0|I love this cd so much, but it's such a drag to listen to! 24 songs, most of which I have to hear a few times each, and all of which are too good to skip over any one of them! That's hours and hours of listening, all to one  cd...but well worth it.  most of their best stuff is on here.
B000007S5B|1.0|A few points regarding &quot;Waiting For the Sun,&quot; the  LP, not the song:<br />a) In reference to an earlier posting, &quot;Waiting  For the Sun,&quot; the song, as well as &quot;The Spy,&quot; are  on &quot;Morrison  Hotel,&quot; not WFTS.<br />b) It's difficult to imagine a more soulless,   pompous, besotted-with-chemicals-and-hubris  record. The thing's production  quality is, devoid  of context, wonderful -- clean as Grandma's  crystal  (as, I think, Vince Treanor said, &quot;you  can hear Robbie  breathe&quot;). But the Steely Dannish  insistence on studio perfection  robbed the album  of the spontaneity and fire that made The Doors a  band  worth paying attention to.<br />c) The group's lyrics, dicey anyway, hit their   low point. &quot;I promised I would drown myself in  mystic heated  wine&quot; is a line I still quote to  pals when we talk about rancid song  lyrics; as  far as I'm concerned, it's right up there with  &quot;Someone  left a cake out in the rain ...&quot; (In  fairness to the Reptilian One,  I'm not sure if he  wrote the line or Krieger; whoever did should be   flayed with an A string until bloody.)<br />d) &quot;My Wild Love&quot; is an  I-give-up song. So, in  its own way, is &quot;Not To Touch the Earth.&quot;  The  whole thing, I'm sorry, lacks vision, urgency,  musical competence,  intelligence, focus, true  emotion, and a whole lot of other things a  decent  work of art sort of, well, needs.<br />Other than that, it's really  not so bad. And,  hey, I'm a former Doors freak who spent my  college years  convinced I had a little Lizard  Duke within me that made me recite bad  poetry,  drink too much and stare at women as if I were  about to slash  their throats. (It actually worked  on a couple of them.) Still, The Doors  can indeed  do wrong, and did, many, many times, which is one  of the  reasons why they were so powerful and  revolutionary when they were good;  they took  chances lesser bands would never dream of.  &quot;WFTS,&quot;  though, smacks of pure drug-induced  laziness. It's the band's worst with  Morrison,  worse even than &quot;The Soft Parade.&quot; (For REALLY   atrocious music, check out &quot;Other Voices&quot; and  &quot;Full  Circle,&quot; if you can stand the stench.)
B000002L9J|5.0|This isn't an original sentiment, but I just have to mention how incredibly insightful...make that psychic...Morrissey is.  How did he know to write The Boy With the Thorn in His Side for me?  This is an album so  full of achingly honest emotion, expressing perfectly the pathetic, wistful  neurotic that i think most of us are.  This is music for dreamers,  thinkers, and the eternally tortured.  Just beautiful.
014028009X|3.0|okay, i see where all the negative reviews are coming from...but i liked this book for precisely the reasons they hated it.  yes, it was vapid, but isn't life?  yes, it was contrived, but it's FICTION!!!  hello?  i LOVED  every second of the three hours it took me to read this book.  just don't  expect too much or you'll be SORELY disappointed.  think of it the same way  you think of Ally McBeal.  if you love her for what she is, then you'll  love this.  if not, go pick up _Memoirs of a Geisha_ or something.
B00000DGUG|5.0|This CD is so deep, only shallow people who dont take the time to listen and understand the deep meanings to the songs will scorn this CD.  Her voice makes the songs even more dramatic, making them sound more personal,  not like most artists (stretching the definition of the word) who sound  like their producers spent way too much time in the studio fixing the  vocals to make it sound like all the other artists, she is truly  unique.<br />It is so nice to have an alternative to all the teenie-music out  and about today, as well as something different from hard rock.  This CD  makes for great road trip music as well.  The singles released from this  album, such as Unsent, do not do it justice..tracks such as Joining You, I  Was Hoping and Front Row really stand out as remarkable.  It does take a  couple of listenings to appreciate Supposed... but once you do, you wont  leave it alone.
0060392584|4.0|I never liked Marilyn Manson until I sat down and listened to &quot;Antichrist Superstar.&quot;  I decided to learn more about Marilyn Manson (Brian Warner) to see if any of the hype and hysteria was  valid.<br />The book is a disturbing one.  I was disgusted by the filthy acts  described, his grandfather's basement, the treatment of fans, the  out-of-control drug use....<br />On the other hand, MM is an intriguing  character.  Despite his declaration of having no morals and not caring  about anyone, I think that he really does care and when he's not on drugs,  he probably feels remorse at some of the stupid stunts that he has pulled.   I think he views it as a weakness and it shames him, so he tries to come  across as someone who doesn't give a s---.<br />Overall, I am interested in  Manson's philosophies.  There is some truth in things that he says and I  think that some people know it and they hate him for bringing it out in the  open.<br />I like Marilyn Manson's music, but I don't think I'd like to spend  a day with the guy.
0790729601|4.0|Arnold Schwarzenegger and James Caan shine in this typical actioner from 1996.  Arnold plays John Krueger, known by the government callsign Eraser, the best soldier of WITSEC - the government's Witness Security Protection  program.  Caan is Robert DeGuerrin, callsigned Samaritan, Krueger's mentor,  who turns out to be a traitor.  <br />Krueger is assigned to &quot;erase&quot;  the identity of Lee Cullen (Vanessa Williams) so she will live long enough  to testify against the Cyrez Corporation, a defense contractor that is  selling the ultimate assault rifle - the EM-1, a scaled down velocity pulse  weapon, using electromagnetic pulse energy to fire solid metal bullets at  the speed of light, and thus smash through anything.  Trouble is, Cyrez is  selling these guns to the wrong people - the Russian mafia.  And to  Eraser's horror, Samaritan, an ex-CIA man, is the middleman in the deal.   <br />The film involves several impressive action set-pieces.  The wildest is  a shootout onboard a government passenger jet, in which Eraser falls out  and must catch a midair parachute, then escape when Samaritan steers the  jet straight toward him.   Eraser then bails Lee from the NY City Zoo, in  the process blasting an alligator and declaring it now to be  luggage.<br />Later Eraser and Lee break a computer code and discover the true  depth of the plot, but are attacked by a squad of SWAT troopers; in the  ensuing melee Lee is grabbed by Samaritan.  The finale involves a  full-blown siege at Baltimore harbor, in which Eraser blasts away with EM  guns.<br />Schwarzenegger, Caan, Williams, and James Coburn give enjoyable  performances.  Far less impressive are the mob of mobsters who help out  Eraser in Baltimore.  And when will we see an action movie where the good  guys lose?  As it happens, in the epilogue it appears we see just that - a  van carrying Eraser and Lee explodes.  But it's a ruse.<br />Nevertheless, the  lead performances, SFX, sound mixing, Alan Silvestri's JudgeDredd-esque  score, and some excellent nighttime cinematogrophy make for an entertaining  actioner.
0451198670|1.0|I picked up this book because I heard the movie was coming out and wanted to see that. It was a torturous read to say the least. I thought it was very boring and the characters seemed flimsy for lack of a better word. The  last 50 pages or so are alright but it's not really worth reading through  the first 200 to get to them. Wouldn't recommend this to anyone.
6304383827|5.0|Most of all, I like all actors and actresses. No one can play those roles better than they do. In addition, &quot;Emma&quot; makes me to recall all of Jane Austin's novels.
B00000DHRX|5.0|this terrific compilation has yet to be taken out of my cd player...i never realized how big of a fan i was of george michael's music before i got this cd...i especially love &quot;for feet&quot;...there is nothing  like those smooth yet funky sounds to get anyone dancing!
0399143793|5.0|I too do not understand all the criticism of this book. If all authors had to have completely realistic heros and situations, most thrillers would never make the shelves.  I have read plots that were far less plausible  (Clive Cussler comes to mind) and yet it's ok to suspend belief for a brief  time.  I liked the militia story line a lot and found the technical  descriptions fascinating. I read this book before Killing Floor, but I  couldn't wait to get another book by Lee Child.
B000000W8C|5.0|It depresses me that the Verve will be known more for a Nike commercial than this brilliant record. Richard Ashcroft's talents aside, his teaming with Nick McCabe was the force behind this band, and Mc Cabe's only  peripheral involvement with &quot;Urban Hymns&quot; is its weakness. THIS  is the one you should have, believe me!
630512065X|5.0|I've watched Cats everyday since sometime in Feb.  And while I fell in love with it, and wanted to learn more by exploring the net, I've met some pretty wonderful friends.  Among the most important to me are Jellicle  Frank, Etcy, Rumple, and last but not least, Neppy.  These are some of the  best people one can ever meet.  And though I don't share Frank's love for  Victoria, I can certainly say she's a great dancer and performer!  As are  all of the cast members in CATS.  What can I say?  Cats is an all around  great show!  And I have to say at least once, I LOVE DREW AND KARL!  THEY  ARE GREAT!!!!  There, now that's outta the way...Hehehe!  If you haven't  seen Cats yet, or purchased it yet, you have to!  You're missing a lot!
B00000FCBC|4.0|I think the real fans of Metallica should go back to the old stuff like &quot;Puppets&quot; or &quot;Ride the lightning&quot; the new stuff is a little waek and if you want a tour of the old stuff listen to this but if  you like the new stuff this isn't for you.
078401213X|1.0|A computer geek mathematician hides from society in this would-be-artsy-fartsy-reverse-print...well I don't know what the heck it is. When his computer spits out a strange number while self-destructing the  protagonist automatically assumes that it is the meaning of life. Well, of  course it is. Then the Hassidics get involved and explain to him that the  216 digit number is actually the name of God. Well, of course it is. Makes  sense to me. All the while we're waiting for some kind of payoff,  especially since this film has been positively reviewed. What we get is the  main character standing in a white room, and then drilling into the side of  his head. What the hell does that mean? He saw God? He doesn't want the  number in his head anymore? He has a headache? Your guess is as good as  mine. This movie is filled to the brim with dropping things out of nowhere  and not explaining them, or doing anything with them. This is a sixth grade  creative writing story set to celluloid. About the only thing I liked was  the opening title sequence. The music, sort of new wave techno promises a  fresh new story, it lied. The tone plays like a cross between Brazil and  Erasorhead. The problem is, both of those films had something to say about  society, this one has nothing to offer except that maybe computer geeks  really ARE as weird as we're afraid they are. I can't emphasize enouph how  annoying it was to have things brought up and then dropped. The swirls,  what significance were they? How did they have anything to do with 216? Or  the mark on his head, what was it? What did it mean? Was it an ancient  symbol? Did it have some mathematical significance? What was his  relationship with the woman? Why after everyone kidnaps him do they  suddenly decide to let him go? Why did the old man die? They said he had a  stroke but did it have something to do with 216? If so (which they somewhat  imply) how in the hell can a number written on a piece of paper kill you?  Why does he shave his head? Why is this character such a weirdo in the  first place? We don't have any clue to his background or why he mistrusts  people at all &quot;He just DOES!&quot; I suspect the writer/director would  say. I suppose this is the same response a sixth grader would give about  his creative writing story. Well, I'm an adult, and I expect a little more.  This is my advise, rewrite the story. This time actually try to tie things  together. Don't just bring things up and drop them. Examples: swirls, mark  on head, THE STOCK MARKET! I spent the entire movie thinking he was going  to raid the stockmarket, at the end they just drop it completely! Now that  you've written a coherant story, add a little character to your character!  Now how about an ending. The end is very important because it JUSTIFIES  SPENDING MY TIME WITH YOUR STORY!!!  How about paying off some of your promises? Let's see him have some devine  introspection and rattle off something profound, or ruin the stock market  (that would have been really cool and apocolyptic). Put a little time into  it next time, or is this really the best you can do? If so, you're through.
B00000IL1K|5.0|This is by far the most moving collection of music I have ever heard. It is inspiring and hauntingly beautiful.
B00000K19E|5.0|ok, so the DVD 'ain't out yet, the movie rocks and I can't shut up about it! I went into the theater thinking it would be a moderately entertaining way to kill a couple of hours. Man was I wrong! This movie blew me away!  Much has been said about the cult following the movie has generated and I'm  proud to be counted among them. Basically, this is  Star Wars retold for  the millenium. The symbols and the archetypes are all there. You know what?  It still works! The unexpected spin really, and I mean REALLY caught me off  guard! Once you find out what the Matrix is, and trust me you don't know  what it is unless yopu've seen it, you'll just about jump out of your seat!  In one flash, the world that you know and feel comfortable in reverses in  such a dramatic way that you will hang on every scene thereafter. Rumors  are that this is the first part of a trilogy which has already been  conceptualized and is currently in preproduction. This film ends like  &quot;Empire Strikes Back&quot; in that there is a lot left to go for the  story. I can't wait! Stunning visuals, great characters, awesome production  design and a script so exasperating you won't have the energy to get up  once the credits roll! This is anything but the mindless sci-fi schlock  that Hollywood churns out by the dozen. This is a truly original film,  albeit inspired by &quot;Star Wars&quot; as well as another major sci-fi  film I won't mention to save the secret. Don't kid yourself, if you think  you're a sci-fi fan, this is the film to watch.
068484267X|4.0|I wa amazed. While reading this memoir of Frank McCourt the reader is brought into a world of  heartbreaking issues and how one family dealt with their poverty and demons.  It amazes me that Frank and his brother were  able to blossom in the dark lives they led.  I am excited about the sequel  he is working on and can't wait to get my hands on it.
B000005ILF|5.0|I was not immediately sold on this CD but a couple of years after I bought it, I listened again and was hooked for good.  It creates a beautiful world through the music.  &quot;I Was Brought to My Senses&quot; has become one  of my favorite songs ever.  Very underrated CD.
B000000WFU|5.0|You would normally think that this is once again one of those CD's, where the first track is great and the rest is trash. Wrong! This is actually the first time in my life (36 years) that I have heard a CD/record more than  ten times the same day! I have a very discerning taste, when it comes to  music, but this CD simply  blows me off my feet. I have only bought it  today, but it's already on my top three list of my favourite pop CD's  (joining Todd Rundgren: \\"A Wizard, A True Star\\" and Mike Rutherford:  \\"Smallcreep's day\\"). Since I haven't heard Adiemus II and III yet, it seems  that I have something to look forward to..... By the way: People who like  this CD would probably also cherish Deep Forest - and of course the  almighty Giacomo Puccini.
B000005JA8|5.0|I bought TMR based on the incredible reviews that I read and I was actually suprised that I liked it from the get-go. Having listened to Doc at the Radar Station for many years probably had something to do with  this.(much of the instrumentation and feel on TMR is similar to DOC,  although not as refined and polished.)  <br />I've only listened to about 3/4  of TMR so far, but what I've heard, I like alot.  Frownland and When Big  Joan Sets Up are standouts.  <br />I can't imagine that this was created just  for the sake of being weird, or to pull a &quot;fast one&quot; on the  listening public. (actually, Mr. Lennon and the Beatles are probably more  guilty of this than the Captain - remember Revolution #9 and the Two  Virgins album?).<br />Anyone who appreciates music with lyrical substance and  non-traditional,(although quite competent) instrumentation would surely  love this album. And folks, its really not that weird!
B00000JPHG|5.0|Chucky gets lucky as they say, well maybe not. The chuckster reclaims his throne as the king of pint-sized terror when his girlfriend, Tiffany (Tilly) Double-crosses a young cop and accquries his tattered remains.(In  the last one he was chopped up by a large fan). However when Tiffany  recites the ancient incantation, Chucky is re-animated and reveals to  &quot;Tiff&quot; that he really wasnt intrested in a relationship. Enraged,  Tiff locks up Chucky and taunts him until he breaks free and kills her. To  add insult to injury he sticks her soul in another doll. This, however is  the point in the movie where girl power is redefined as Tiffany steals the  show with her inventive killing methods. Chucky acts as more of a  peripheral character, only there to back up Tiff. The rest I'll leave up to  you to watch, but if you like child's play, you'll love this movie. if you  dont like child's play, than you'll still love it.
B00000J7J4|5.0|I was quite pleased to find he's still got his edge.The album as a whole will not dissapoint. Any fan of Carlos Santana must have this album.
0790729601|3.0|Not Schwarzenegger's best, and not as amusing as True Lies, but it's a solid action movie. Of course some things don't make sense in the plot (like how Arnie gets away from the 250 security guards off-camera), but  this is forgivable because it's Schwarzenegger, and you always know he's  gonna fry the bad guy. Who in this case is Jimmy Caan, who is an excellent  actor and makes a convincing crook. Vanessa Williams and especially Robert  Pastorelli make this a bit less mindless than stuff like Commando. And in  terms of action movies, you can't go wrong with a) having rail guns and b)  giving a couple to Arnie. And of course, the whole mess of explosions and  freewheeling 727s is much better on DVD.
B000002UEB|5.0|&quot;Operation: Mindcrime&quot; is a book, not a CD, and everyone's interpretation will be different.  It tells the story of a young man named Nikki who is disgusted with the corruption in Government and religion  plaguing America.  He joins an &quot;underground revolution&quot; called  &quot;Operation: Mindcrime&quot; headed by the mysterious &quot;Dr.  X.&quot;  Though the order originally meant well, it fell into the grasp of  organized crime, with Nikki in the eye of the storm.  &quot;Suite Sister  Mary&quot; is undoubtedly the best song in the album, and is an outright  symbol of Queensrche's untouchable talent.  The album as a whole throws  the listener's mind into a vortex, bringing about emotions that arguably no  other band could reach.  I strongly recommend that you order this album,  even if you are not a fan of heavy metal.  If the music doesn't invoke  thought, the lyrics certainly will.
6305470448|5.0|I had no expectations at all from Shakespeare in Love when I saw it in January.  I thoroughly enjoyed the movie and its quality and found it very clever how potentially the story of Romeo and Juliet could have been  created by William Shakespeare.  I saw it with a friend who loved it too,  and I commented back in January to many people that I could see the movie  winning some awards, it was that good!  My husband enjoyed it as well the  following week, when I went with him (for my second time!) - he was  pleasantly surprised how much he enjoyed it, because he was expecting it to  be a 'chick flick'!  I loved the music and bought the CD immediately.  Who  cares if it is not historically accurate?  It shows just how create some  people can be, to dream up this wonderful story and then find  actors/actresses who can carry it off!  Excellent costumes and wonderful  acting.  Overall, a fantastic film!
B00000IL1K|1.0|If you cannot see through the appalling singing and the self-indulgent sentimentality of the songs, this shockingly saccharine poseuse and her record company will be more than happy to take your money from you.
B000002UYZ|4.0|This album has a lot of the first recordings of the Beatles . These CD's are great for all the authentic people out there. I've noticed that there are a lot of recordings from &quot;Rubber Soul&quot; and  &quot;Revolver&quot;. The only inconvenience is that it's on two CD's,  which means you have to change CD's if your going to listen to all the  recordings. And, in comparison to &quot;Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club  Band&quot; and &quot;With the Beatles&quot;, I like them better. But  &quot;The Red Album&quot; is still one of the best CD's I've heard.
0060916540|5.0|The book screams of fighting for your goal until there is absolutely no more fight left.  I liked the feeling of physical suffering and determination that took me over as I felt I was one step behind Joe.  It  was engaging to so clearly relate to the crystaline clarification of  emotions such as agony, distress, determination, and physical pain.  The  book left me with a scale with which I can weigh the risks and consequences  of climbing.  I have read it twice...so far!
B000002WYT|3.0|While the Dave Matthews Band is generally inoffensive, it's still just barely a cut above most of the alternative dreck floating through the air waves these days.  &quot;So much to Say&quot; is the only song I can really  say I like combining good, sometimes funny lyrics with an upbeat and catchy  melody.  Songs can not survive on simply lyrics alone, however, as the  extremely dull &quot;Crash Into Me&quot; proves, being hardly noticeable  musically.  Other songs such as &quot;Too Much&quot; can be exactly that  for ones ears.  As for the rest of it, I can stand to listen to it, and it  is better than much of its genre.  I just wish they could realize that good  music lies in the melody
B0000013G9|5.0|The second (not the third) album was the charm for TLC.  Even Babyface's sappy love songs hold up (&quot;Red Light Special&quot;).  I liked all of the songs on here.  The last song is so true if you really listen to the  lyrics.
B000000OUW|5.0|I am a turkishheavymetalfan. With this album I have accepted that the only heavymetal band is MANOWAR. True, vandal, agressive and metal. They feel the souls of steel better than the others. They are the rules of true  metal. They are not from this world.
B000002TWN|5.0|This cd is phat!!!  I hope his next album is even better (whenever that's supposed to come out).
0345404475|5.0|Although there are many great writers in the area of so called &quot;cyber-punk&quot;, Philip K.Dick is the undisputed king. &quot;do androids..&quot; is a slanted look at everyday life, it deals with  predudice, loss and the ultimate right (that every one gives up) of free  thinkiing. If you buy a book this century, Buy this one !!(or  &quot;otherland&quot; By Tad williams:-) .....Remember Free thinkers are  dangerous
067940581X|5.0|While online to purchase a fresh copy of &quot;Emma&quot; (to replace my dogeared 40-year-old paperback) I want to commend &quot;Emma&quot; to any mature and literate reader with a sense of humor.  &quot;Emma&quot; the  novel is Austen's best work, which is high praise indeed, considering  &quot;P&amp;P&quot; and &quot;S&amp;S.&quot;  Emma the character is  marvelously drawn (as are many other characters); and Austen's wry humor  looks with a sardonic but kindly eye at the society surrounding our  egocentric but nonetheless lovable young heroine.  I find it impossible to  read four pages without laughing aloud. The only 18th Century novel close  to it for sheer delight is Fielding's &quot;Tom Jones.&quot;
B00000JCB2|5.0|Great album keep going and you will stay #1 in our hearts
B00000JGOH|5.0|Shakespeare in Love gives us a creative vision of how the Bard's England might have been.  Though its characters are almost all fictional (with the exception of only two), it is so intriguing because all of the characters  COULD have existed.  The movie makes you feel as if you're having a  backstage tour of Shakespeare's plays, his mind, and his very life.     Whether you know nothing of his writing, or if you're the world's biggest  Shakespeare buff, you will enjoy this charming, refreshing look at the  people and places that may have inspired the Bard.
B000009ED0|5.0|&quot;Bawitdaba&quot; and &quot;Cowboy are some of the greatest songs ever written keep rocking!
0553108034|3.0|The writing and characterization are almost as good as the first volume, but the plot has barely advanced. No major characters have been added or lost between the end of the two volumes and none of the central quests have  advanced significantly. The freshness and excitement of the original, where  a hero *could* be killed or crippled, is gone.
B000002BFL|4.0|From the first to last songs, Springsteen is at his best.  I've enjoy most of his earlier stuff and when he came out with Nebraska it was well worth the wait.  The Ghost of Tom Joad is for the true BOSS fans.
B00000J2KR|1.0|Yet another example of poor film given high marks simply because of the brand name behind it. If you want to watch are far more lush and interesting period piece, check out Dangerous Liasons. Barry Lyndon is a  made for TV miniseries if I ever saw one.
0380789019|5.0|Everyone's heard of someone devouring a book.  I call this the type of book that eats you.  It's complex enough to be really interesting and exciting, yet still easy and fun to read.  After I finished the book I was  haunted by the characters for weeks.  I'm using in my freshman English  classes now.  I can't wait to get their reactions.
0316381357|5.0|A very compelling work with not only a wonderful main character but also a very powerful sense of the essence of the religious life.  Worth reading, thought-provoking.
0553108034|5.0|George R.R. Martin has done a bang-up job in writing these books. The way his characters act, their responses to different situations.. Martin does a good job of developing their personalities and representing them in a very  illuminating way. I have read both the 1st and 2nd books in this well  written series called A Song of Ice and Fire. Each novel is detailed and  complex yet the story remains solid and clean throughout. A great read!  <br />BTW, I enjoy my signed copy more then my unsigned one. heheh :)
0930289234|5.0|&quot;Watchmen&quot; takes an interesting premise and makes it into a compelling story.  Unlike any comic book before, &quot;Watchmen&quot; explores super-heroes in the &quot;real&quot; world and the effect that  super-heroes have on society.  Set in a world where electric cars exist and  Richard Nixon remained president for almost 20 years, &quot;Watchmen&quot;  explores various issues about humanity and heroes.  This is a truly  fantastic story that plays like an alternate version of Post-World War II  America.  It's an amazing story with a variety of interesting characters  and a complex plot that cannot be explained in a few sentences.  Just read  it.  You will be glad you did.
B000002AGM|5.0|Miles Ahead is perhaps Miles' most unique album.  For those who are not used to the Miles and Gil sound, it is a tremendous sampling of the great duo's best work.  Miles is silky smooth on the Fluegelhorn, while Gil's  arrangement's are picture perfect.  This album is a must have for any Miles  Davis aficionado, and any serious jazz fan.  The newly mastered version is  so clear, you would think Miles and Gil recorded this masterpiece early  this afternoon in the studio.
B00000IOSU|5.0|Sarah McLachlan's latest effort seems almost effortless.  McLachlan lets loose with such a fury that you end up caring for the characters she presents in the few precious moments of live recording she gives us.  You  feel for them, but most especially for her.     This is incredibly evident  in such songs as &quot;Hold On&quot;, &quot;I Will Remember You&quot;, and  &quot;Angel&quot;.  &quot;Hold On&quot;, not exactly a hit in mainstream  rock/pop is brilliantly redone with a menacing score and touching lyrics.   McLachlan conveys pain very well;  the pain of the friend dying of AIDS,  the pain of the friend losing him.      The same is true of &quot;I Will  Remember You&quot;.  McLachlan amazingly (and simultaneously) conveys  emotions of pain and pleasure:  ie: &lt;I'm so afraid to love you/but more  afraid to lose/Clinging to a past that doesn't let me choose.&gt;  But  perhaps her greatest is her &quot;City of Angels&quot; hit,  &quot;Angel&quot;.  McLachlan's voice soars in angry melody, whispers in  sweet silence.  One of the most moving songs I've ever heard.      But not  all is angry or pessimistic:  McLachlan and her audience have great fun  with her little jingle, &quot;Ice Cream&quot;.  The lilting beat and catchy  lyrics are a fun alternative to some of her darker works.      I highly  reccomend this album to any McLachlan fan, or anyone looking for great  music.  McLachlan has a gift, and in &quot;Mirrorball&quot; she displays it  at her highest level yet.
B000002ULO|5.0|Fan of Paul McCartney?  Then you have GOT to own this CD!!!  Sir Paul proves once again that he still and always has had what it takes to make absolutely electrifying music.  Whether it's a love song, rock &amp; roll,  or one of those famous little ditties he seems to just toss off the top of  his head, Flaming Pie is nothing short of spectacular.  AND, he makes it  clear that he had a blast recording it, as you will have listening to it.  If I could give it more than 5 stars, I would.  GO BUY IT NOW!
B00000J7RZ|3.0|Okay, who didn't love Jennifer Lopez in Selena? Yet this CD doesn't deliver like that movie did. The music is a mix of Pop-Latin and Soul all mixed together with a bit of rap in the beginning. With such a jumbled mix  the outcome would most likely be a jumbled CD. Which is exactly what it is.        In almost every single song Jennifer Lopez has some sort of  background singers, making it nearly impossible to hear her voice. And her  songs are pretty thin, too. Most of them are about love and cheating  couples (and most of them are B-O-Oring!).     Still, this CD is a good  first attempt. But I'd skip the CD, and just get the single of 'If You Had  My Love.'      Now that's an AWESOME song.
B000006TIY|3.0|There is something lacking on this recording. None of the music lacks taste as such; indeed there are some wonderful moments that truly uplift you. But the imagination and grandeur of 'Voices' just simply isn't here.  All to often the music simply ambles along in a (dare I say it?) bland  fashion. Not one of my favourites - and I have listened to just about  everything Vangelis has released.
B00000K2SC|5.0|I usually hate Keannu Reeves with a passion, and his acting is truly unpleasant in most of the movies I have seen him in (A Walk in the Clouds - can you say not only cheesy, but rotten cheesy?).  In &quot;The  Matrix,&quot; though, his dumb &quot;I don't know what is going on&quot;  acting WORKS.  I have seen this movie in the theatres 5 times, and in these  days of highly overpriced theatre prices, this says a lot.  I love the chic  (Trinity) and think that she makes up for Keannu's acting. The special  effects are visually stunning, and so new and fresh that you want to watch  them again and again to absorb them all.  The concept itself is really well  done, although I had to watch it a second time before I caught all of the  nuances. WATCH THIS MOVIE - Catch it on the big screen if you can.  One of  the best sci-fi movies ever.
6305177473|5.0|I thought the original Parent Trap was excellent, but this new updated version is so much better. I cannot believe the twins are played by one person. It looks so believable. I thought I wouldn't enjoy this movie, but  then I found myself watching it over and over. A great film overall.
0385493800|5.0|Was given this book as a birthday gift and it turned out to be one of the better gifts I received this year.  Spent my summer free moments in the Patanal of Brazil(by way of the book)and now hate to have those days in the  past.  Can't wait for the next Grisham.
0425170349|5.0|I read this book straight through that is how much I enjoyed it.  From the start to the end it is completely action packed.  Not to give anything away but you know the bad guys are in for trouble when they start messing with  Clark and Chavez's families.  If there is anything we learn in a Clancy  novel it is not to screw with Ryan's family or Clark's family.  This was an  excellent book written in Clancy's best form.  I would advise anyone to  read this.
B00000JGOH|5.0|Shakespeare in love is a movie that was small and got bigger by word of mouth.  It got the recognition it deserved to recieve. the movie gets you from the very beginning with its wit, charm, and wonderful score.  the  screenplay was top notch and the acting by everyone superb. This is a movie  one can watch again and again and never get sick of but love more and more.   To whom it may concern, the score was just magnificent from the very  beginning.
B000002J7U|5.0|I own every album Vangelis has ever released and this is definitely my favourite. I guess a sentence like that simply doesn't need to be added to. WONDERFUL!!!!
0440219078|5.0|When I read this book after it first came out, I said to myself, &quot;This is the 1994 Newbery winner!&quot;  It was the last year of my 35 year teaching career, and I made up my mind that I was going to read it to  my fifth graders despite the fact that many thought it was too  sophisticated for that age group.  The quality conversations about the  importance of independence, appreciation of humans, enjoyment of ordinary  life experiences, and quality of life abounded between student and teacher  - and between students even at Snack Time! I convinced my Book Club to read  it, and the conversation was as good as one we've had with many adult  books. I recommend it for any parent who would like to have an intelligent  conversation with his or her child.  It is truly science fiction at its  best!
0767819594|1.0|If you've had a fine, &quot;politically correct&quot; education at MTV's school of higher learning to supplement an I.Q. of around 50, this is the movie for you, otherwise, I don't recommend it.
0792151712|1.0|There is nothing in this film but a shallow, maudlin attemptto make you cry. The ending produced no emotion in me whatsoeverexcept bewilderment at how such banality could be made.  Those who call this the most touching movie ever have obviously never seen a film with such emotional power as The Rules of the Game (1939). Let me recommend one of my favorite films in lieu of Titanic. If you want to experience a film with a compelling drama that climaxes by giving you a surge that not only brings sudden tears but also a heart flutter, watch Zinnemann's The Search (1948).  There is nothing like it on al of cinema- it's on my top ten list.
B000001GBJ|5.0|We have@our own 'secret gardens' in mind with tears and/or laugh. In daily lives, we have no time to visit there, where we might heal our injured minds. If you touch these pieces in this CD, you will feel such  trauma melting..... haunting music !
0688101364|5.0|I love this book. The recipes are well explained, the cookies are great and the pictures in the book makes you want to bake them all!
B00000IL1K|5.0|The mix of opera, classical, and light pop is wonderful.  My only criticism is the electronic music that only detracts from the otherwise beautiful orchestrations.  If these sounds were subtle it might be an  effective way  to add  interest.  However, they overpower the other music  and that gorgeous soprano voice of Sarah Brightman -- too bad.  Aside from  that blunder on a couple tracks, the music is the best and Sarah is at her  best!   I enjoyed this album even more than her last one (&quot;Time to Say  Goodbye&quot;).
B00000JGOH|4.0|The film is everything one expects and more. Brilliant writing. Superior acting. BUT the DVD as advertised above just isn't there! There is no Director's commentary! No deleted scenes! No &quot;Shakespeare facts&quot;!  Indeed, the DVD doesn't even boast the extras that are standard on most. No  subtitles. No &quot;production notes&quot;. No Cast bios. It is the film  (and a trailer), and NOTHING ELSE. Fair enough, but it should be sold that  way!
B00000JGOH|5.0|If you want to know what I think of the film, I believe it was one of the best films of 1998. I won't go any further. Instead, I'll concentrate on the qualities of the disc itself, since that's undoubtedly what you've  scrolled down the screen to read in the first place, rather than people's  pitious cries of miscomprehension.<br />The disc is wonderful. The quality of  the transfer is near reference. This is Disney's first ever 16x9 transfer,  and the down-conversion for my 4x3 screen was luminous. Not a distortion or  artifact to be found. The audio is also fine, though the film's nature  obviously precludes any public display for the sake of a few  &quot;Ahhs&quot; and &quot;Oohs&quot;. Stick to Armageddon for that.<br />Now  the downside. Aside from the trailer and a few historical notes, the disc  has litte to offer in the supplemental department. Which is even more  aggravating since the rest of the world is receiving a special edition disc  with director's commentary and deleted scenes.<br />The special edition will  be hitting region 1 sometime next year (that way Disney can milk you for  the same money twice). Those of you who love the movie and want to own it  immediately will be pleased with this disc. Those of you on the borderline,  however, may wish to wait for next year's special edition.
B0000062GE|5.0|This is a pretty damn good album. Stabbing Westward really has a unique sound that no other band has. I think any fan of industrial hard rock should own this one.
B00000IL1K|5.0|I knew Sarah Brightman from Phantom of The Opera and other Broadway shows only, so I bought this c.d. and I have not regretted it.  She is so versatile in anything she sings, and she does it so well!  I made my dad  listen to the whole c.d. and he absolutley loves her voice and wants to  keep on borrowing the c.d.! It's great, a MUST have!
B000000IUK|5.0|Joshua Tree is the best album ever created
0780626478|4.0|Yes,the premise is far fetched,but aren't most movies?People who criticize the plot are missing the point,sit back and enjoy the magic of movies and fantasy.A naive,lovable man meets a jaded and cynical girl and slowly wins  her love by simply being sincere and genuinely caring about her and other  people,without a hint of prejudice.The movie was funny,the dance scene was  amazing and Brendan Fraser is adorable and has wonderful comic timing. It  makes you feel good,not many movies do that <br />anymore.Dave Foley was  hilarious as was Chris Walken in a comic role instead of a psycho!You have  to admit a person from the 60's in the 90's would be pretty funny,so if you  like a feel good movie about love,fantasy and the concept that people are  basically good at heart on TOP of being funny,please watch this.You may end  of wathcing it again again.......
B0000025KI|3.0|This first CD in thsi set is much better than the second one. THis is already sufficient to downgrade this album, which has some outstanding pieces like the title track.
0689505698|5.0|As a parent with young children who like to be read to every night, it is very easy to quickly approach fifty readings of the same story. It can be painful, and all we as parents can do is try to introduce into the  household books that we also appreciate. The Three Little Wolves and the  Big Bad Pig is absolutely hilarious. There is the obvious role reversal and  the introduction of modern building materials for the wolves, such as  Plexiglas and video surviellance, and equally destructive tools are  available to the big bad pig. The pig is a persistent menace who craftily  wields a pneumatic drill and gleefully triggers the dynamite fuse, and it  is easy to worry about conveying the wrong message to the kids while  laughing so hard that I had to take a composure break. In the end,  sensitivity wins over brute force and the positive massage is clear to all,  but not before very clever entertainment through great illustrations and  witty prose. It so apparent that the authors enjoyed writing this book, as  we enjoyed reading it.
B00000255F|5.0|The Virgin's Encyclopedia of Popular Music rated this one of the few in the book to be rated five stars (maximum quotation). And it is esay to know why. IT's perfect, it has variety of sounds, it is well produced (even  being recorded in 1975) and shows why Springsteen is so good.
0440178002|4.0|If politicians like Toronaga-sama were ruling Japan during WWII we'd be talking japanese today. James Clavell paints a cleverly crafted picture of  the land of the rising sun during the 16th century in minute detail right  down to their ablutions and the minutiae of every day life.The story begins  when an englishman named John Blackthorne,pilot of a dutch ship is marooned  on the japanese islands,falls foul of a jesuit priest who considers him a  heretic and eventually winds up as the virtual prisoner and later friend of  the powerful and cunning warlord,Toronaga.Blackthorne has arrived at a  pivotal moment when a power struggle is ensuing between Lord Toronaga and  another warlord,Oshido.It is a game played within the courts and councils  of power with such amazing mental agility and acumen that to be a  player,raw nerves and ruthlessness are the only weapons that count.The  stakes are high and the ancient samurai code of bushido also ensures that  no prisoners are taken.And the prize for all this-the complete domination  of the japanese islands its peoples and even the emperor himself under the  supreme title of Shogun.Toronaga plays a deft hand of cat-and-mouse never  betraying his thoughts even to his close family and advisers.He befriends  Blackthorne and is determined to use his knowledgeable mind to his  advantage.He is intrigued by the englishmans unpredictability,a startling  contrast to the men around him.After Blackthorne saves his life a second  time Toronaga has no hesitation in creating him samurai and 'hatamoto'with  the right to have his own retainers.Such a rare and distinct honour,rarer  even still for a foreigner astounds the japanese.Eventually with his gift  for acquiring languages  Blackthorne supercedes the jesuit father Alvito  and becomes Toronaga's official interpreter.Along the way we meet an array  of characters notably the lady Mariko-noh-Buntaro a highborn japanese  catholic who finds herself attracted to the protestant Blackthorne andagainst all her training and background becomes his lover.Not only is she  talented and beautiful Mariko is also samurai.Not afraid for herself or  their eventual discovery she worries over Blackthorne and realises that  until he acquires the unique japanese way of thinking he is powerless.I  recommend this story to all political science majors,it is very detailed  and gives an amazing account of everyday life.It also to me, went a long  way in explaining why the japanese behave the way they do today,especially   socio-economically.Not to be missed.
0064471047|5.0|Girls &amp; Boys, I would like to recommend this book to all ofyou. It was the most facinating adventure book that I've everread. You may want to read this book again when you finsh it because the story is so good. If you buy this book, you'll never regret.
B00000JCB3|5.0|Limp Bizkit's back with their best cd yet. The beats flow with Fred's vocals and the result is a bunch of awesome songs like &quot;nookie&quot;, &quot;just like this&quot;, &quot;break stuff&quot;, and &quot;n 2 together  now?&quot;. This cd is tight!!!!!   (&lt;:
006017322X|5.0|This is the only book I've ever read that made me cry while I was reading it.  It's extraordinary, and shouldn't be missed.
B00000IOSU|1.0|I was never a Sarah McLachlan fan, a friend of mine handed me this cd and said it's so deep. After listening to this I came to the conclusion that it was deep, wallowing deep in misery. Sarah takes her same old tired songs  and does them live, giving her the ample opportunity to expand every nuance  of the music making it seem almost unbearable. If you are a Sarh McLachlin  fan stick to her older works, someone made the mistake of calling her a  diva and she is taking it to the extreme.
B00000IQMT|5.0|John Williams does it again.Absolutelly 5 stars!
630463949X|5.0|Worth every penny and more.  Wish there were more DVD's like this..
B000009ED0|5.0|Kid Rock lives up to his name. His tales of the decadent life are backed up by awesome beats. He has a wide variety of musical styles in his songs, even taking on an acoustic ballad with great success. I bought it for  &quot;Bawitdaba&quot; and discovered all sorts of great tunes. If you're in  the mood to raise some hell, or just do some serious head-banging, the  Devil Without A Cause is the first guy you should to turn to!
0553573403|5.0|As hundred of reviewers have justly written before me, this an awesome book! Great in-depth characters, intricately woven plot with some very surprising twists. The author is not afraid to break the usual stereotypes  of the genre and he weaves a wonderfully written story! A must read for  lovers of fantasy (especially Tolkien fans and dissapointed fans of  R.J.)!<br />Read this book!
B00000ILDE|5.0|This movie was already one of my favorite movies of all time.  With the additional footage that showed Newt and her family being the ones finding the alien ship and bringing it back to the colony just ties everything  together.  In addition, if you listen closely, Newt and her brother are  arguing.  Her brother hates that she always wins a game they play because  she is small enough to fit in the air ducts and no one was able to get up  there to find her.  It makes sense now why one little girl could survive  something that an entire colony and group of bad marines could not.   Excellent menu-screen feel with the video camera views from Appone and  Hicks.  A &quot;Must Buy&quot; DVD.
0790734850|5.0|This movie is excellent - as other reviewers have said, in any other year it would have won best picture, but &quot;Titanic&quot; stole the show that year, undeservingly.  Kevin Spacey puts in his usual excellent performance  in this movie, but I would have to say that Guy Pearce really steals the  show - I believe he should've won best actor or supporting actor for his  wonderfully complex performance as Edmund Exley in this film.  I was amazed  when I found out he was Australian, because he was so incredibly convincing  as an American police officer.  The story is quite complex - this is a  movie you definitely want to watch more than once, but the adaptation is  faithful to the novel in most ways and won best adapted screenplay.  Most  of all, the style carries the movie.  Not many film noir movies are made  anymore, and certainly not any are made as well as this one anymore.  I  would definitely recommend this movie to anyone interested in more than the  latest commercially successful film with a meaningless script and huge  stars there just to draw in crowds.  LA Confidential should not be  overlooked!
0784010188|5.0|i've watched this movie at least 30 times and i still love it! lever-action shotguns r cool!
