B0000DG00B|5.0|The Allman's were living close to where this festival was held, and turned on several hundred thousand people to a band that had played together for the first time less than a year earlier. It is amazing how fast the Allmans became among the tightest performing units in rock. For fans of the original Allman Brothers, this release fills a void we have been craving- the only multi-track live set with Duane other than Fillmore East. The band released a 2 track reel recording from December 1970 on their site as well. These performances reveal variations to the songs which highlight their impovisational skill. You'll notice there are 2 versions of most songs, however they are different in approach, varying in length, tempo and soloing. They may be a bit rougher in spots compared to Fillmore East, but amazing nonetheless...if anything one gets the feeling that the band is taking more chances here, without worrying about making a mistake (which must have been in the back of their minds during the recording of Fillmore East). There is alot of  burning solos from Duane and Betts throughout, and Oakley proves to be a strong contributer also. The Whipping Posts are shorter, but don't meander..they are intense throughout. The longer version of Elizabeth Reed is one to stand right alongside the Fillmore version...and to have a nice live version of &quot;Dreams&quot; with Duane is the icing on the cake. The sound quality is about as good as you can expect for a large outdoor festival from 1970, well recorded for the time with a good mix...and thank god the engineer was awake to roll the tapes when Duane and Co. came onstage at 3:30 AM (disc 2), Duane biding all &quot;GOOD MORNING!&quot;.
B00005NTJM|4.0|ok,,, having read some of the other critics, i will reinforce that a it is largely a blues album which was what was selling in those days, like  yardbirds , cream , mayall, etc. it also shows a major influence from mick abrahams as a blues quitarist,,,, and has a striking resemblance to alexis koerners blues incorporated,,,,, with the jazz influences, as in dick heckstall smith and the mayall bluesbreakers and the various brass influences including coliseums walking in the park, thus , tull changed with standup ,,,,, <BR> This lp however ,,,, is from the british blues era and done well<BR>with striking jazz improv,,,, some roland kirk influence, lots of traditional blues influence,,, tull makes a brief appearance in the stones movie circus which is about at this same time fyi<BR> So this has little in common with 70s tull,,,, but has an earlier link to jazzblues, as outlined in the pbs documentary recently on english blues crossreferencing to delta and chicago blues  performers
B00008H2LB|4.0|I don't know why you other reviewers hated it so much. I really enjoyed this album. Their first one was awesome, nothing can compare to Hybrid Theory. But they still rock! They experimented a little. I like all of the songs. Not too shabby. An overall great CD! If you're a LP fan get it.
0156027321|2.0|After all the hype I decided this would be a book I would really get into.  I wasn't that interested in the search through the religions or life in India.  The reading was ponderous, but I pushed.  After putting the book down for a month I went after it again with a renewed commitment to find out what everybody was seeing in it.  So I finished it.  Life in a life raft with a tiger--big deal.  Plot?  Where?  I still don't get it.  I've read a lot of books and I don't have enough time for all the ones I want to read.  That was time I can't get back.  I'd have to put &quot;Pi&quot; pretty low on my list.
0156027321|2.0|As one previous reviewer wrote, \\"WAY,WAY OVERRATED\\".  This somewhat meandering story didn't engage me, and like many readers, I found no compelling ending to Pi's journey.  The emperor has no clothes....
B0000C9V3T|5.0|First off, I'd like to correct one of the other users who said that the CD could not be played on your PC. I'm listening to the Kill Bill soundtrack on my PC as I speak, so he must be wrong. Secondly I'd like to say to everyone who enjoyed this incredible film, to go and buy the soundtrack (that is if you like the music from the movie.) I don't understand these users who go out, see the movie, and then buy the soundtrack and are disappointed by the music. Well if you didn't like the music from the movie, why'd you buy the CD? Well enough of my ranting. <br />10/10
B0000CD5FN|5.0|It's hard to believe that it's been almost a year since Joe Strummer passed away. Streetcore is Joe Strummer's last gift to the world and what a gift it truly is. Joe was one of the last true rock and roll rebels still making music like he was in his 20's, not a middle aged man. His live shows were legendary and I will never forget seeing grown men with tears in their eyes as Joe took the stage in 1999 for his first U.S. show in 10 years. While the last two albums with the Meskies take alot of time to grow on you (there are still some songs I wanna like but just can't get into them) Streetcore automatically grabs you from the opening of Joe's first real rocking song since It's A Rockin' World on the Cheif Aid soundtrack to the bittersweet tearjerking end of Silver And Gold.<br />The album is a beautiful, bittersweet reminder of Joe Strummer and the amazing talent this man possesed. No other human being has mixed so many different genres of music and can pull it off like Joe has. Streetcore in my opinion is Joe's best post Clash album since Earthquake Weather (hopefully someday soon EW is re-released). Streetcore explores many different sounds but doesn't get too far out there like Global A Go Go did. Almost half of the album is filled with either acoustic ballad-ish songs (an amazing cover of Bob Marley's Redemption Song, Long Shadow, which was written for Johnny Cash and the already mentioned breathtaking closer, Silver And Gold) or slower enchanting songs (9-11 inspired Ramshackle Day Parade, Burnin' Streets, which is kind of a updated London's Burning and Midnight Jam, which was one of Joe's favorite tunes but sadly was without vocals so snippets from Joe's London Calling BBC radio show was added). Get Down Moses is the only reagge influenced track on the album. Arms Aloft is a nice little rocker and All In A Day sounds alot like something Mick Jones would've done with B.A.D..<br />While this is the final full length album from Joe the fourthcoming Johnny Cash box set will feature a duet with Joe and the late Man In Black on a cover of Marley's Redemption Song and i'm sure that it will make the song even more special and bittersweet than it already is. It's still hard to believe that this is it. This will be the last Joe Strummer studio album. Streetcore shows the band taking a different direction and ready to make a name for themselves in the music world. Sadly we won't get to see how great Joe and the Meskies truly could've been together though with Streetcore Joe gives us one more reason to say that he is the only man that matters and proves why he is a true musical icon. R.I.P. Joe!box set will feature a duet with Joe and the late Man In Black on a cover of Marley's Redemption Song and i'm sure that it will make the song even more special and bittersweet than it already is. It's still hard to believe that this is it. This will be the last Joe Strummer studio album. Streetcore shows the band taking a different direction and ready to make a name for themselves in the music world. Sadly we won't get to see how great Joe and the Meskies truly could've been together though with Streetcore Joe gives us one more reason to say that he is the only man that matters and proves why he is a true musical icon. R.I.P. Joe!
B0000C0FJB|5.0|I just got this album a few hours ago. I've only listened to the first disc and it's pretty good so far. Even though I don't have different stages i see the packaging is the same but i suppose that's so its cheaper and people won't have to pay so much for a 3CD set. It has a great selection of songs although it doesn't have my favorite subdivisions but thats on show of hands anyway. The only really small problem i have is that Geddy Lee's voice sounds kind of muffled. It would be nice if it was louder. I dont mean his actual voiced but like the mixing i suppose they have the instruments and audience sounding louder than the vocals. The audience sounds great. And i like the liner notes by Neil Peart. I was going to get the DVD too but they didn't have it so i took a raincheck and they'll call me when they do. They had this offer at best buy where you could get both for a total of $35. I also liked the Doh! a deer a female deer of the simpsons. Anyone who already has it'll know what im talking about. Although i didn't hear the three stooges theme at the beginning that ive heard about. Anyway this is my first live rush cd i had ecit stage left on tape and it got messed up. Anyone whose curious about Rush and they've heard some of their songs on the radio should get this album as an intro to their catalogue although it is live if you want studio intro i guess chonicles but i don't have it so i can't comment. Just by reading the liner notes by Neil you know these are three great guys!
B0000AXE8I|1.0|I'm deeply disappointed with this film. The first one was incredible... not simply because it was groundbreaking, but because the acting, the choreography and most certainly the plot. &quot;Reloaded&quot; didn't even have a plot... it was like a giant mess of hypothetical trilogy fillers that were just mashed into a melting pot and put on film for all to enjoy. I, for one... did NOT enjoy it. I've heard several times recently that this film was just a tease for the upcoming conclusion to the trilogy, and that it was nothing in comparison. It's pathetic when they can admit that their movie is nothing in comparison. Why would they even have made it if that were the case? Why not try and make all 3 of them great, rather than just the first and third? Does that make sense to anyone with more than 17 brain cells?<br />Does anyone else think it was annoying how much they used the special camera effects? It seemed that about every 30 seconds there would be a slow-motion 360 degree flip-up-the-backside and around the character shot, and it really pissed me off.<BR>Also, what was with that party at Zion? It looked like that show &quot;Wild On&quot; on E! - basically just a bunch of disease mongering horntoads, and a lot of T&amp;A shots.<br />Granted, the special effects throughout MOST of the movie were astonishing... with the exception of that drawn out clash against Agent Smith's copies [which lasts for what, 15+ minutes?] - when Neo was maneuvering while fighting them, and what he was doing was way too difficult to be done by any non-supernatural human, they had to use an entirely CGI based sequence at some points, and oh my... did it look fake. If you pay close attention to Neo's face, he looks like the cartoon drawings of Inspector Gadget, and even like Claymation if you really focus - it's THAT bad. <BR>The agents in this movie sucked... what happened to the other two that were teamed up with Smith from the first movie? Speaking of Smith, he had horrible dialogue throughout the entire movie. The guy is a great actor, and they made him look bad... really bad. To compensate for the staggering amount of GARBAGE they threw in this movie, the conclusive installment had better be more amazing than the first. It will be extremely difficult to follow up a movie this poorly conceived and complete the trilogy in good standings.
014028009X|5.0|Bridget Jones's Diary by Helen Fielding <br />Bridget Jones is a Thirty something rambling Singleton who smokes like a chimney and drinks like a fish.  The book takes us through one year  Jones of her life where she encounters many awkward situations and two men who end up fighting for her. She goes through issues like her parents separating, being stuck in a dead end job and being an over weight singleton! <br />The main characters in this book are Bridget who manages throughout to get her self into unfortunately embarrassing situations. Another is Marc Darcy a pompous rich highly successful lawyer who ends up being the love of her life. Daniel Cleaver the fairytale romance and a perfect boyfriend, or maybe not he two-times Bridget leaving her depressed and single again. And what would a girl in the middle of a metropolis be without her friends? Bridget has her unique set of them. There is Tom her gay best friend what more is there to say. Shazzer a ranting feminist who thinks all men are pigs. And Jude a high-powered career woman who has an evil boyfriend. Lets not forget Magda and Jeremy when put together with other smug married couples can be unbearable. <br />As you have probably guessed the book is written in the form as a diary. I think this technique was very effective and amusing. I think you get to learn about the little things in her life. At the start of each entry she writes who many cigarettes she has smoked, how many alcohol units she has drunk, how many calories she has eaten and her weight. Although these points do not contribute to the main story it is interesting to see how her weight varies throughout the year!! However some people who have read the book find the form as a diary quite boring. <br />I thoroughly enjoyed reading this a book and once I had started could not put it down. I enjoyed the form of a diary because it made it really interesting. Apart from dealing with the usual problems (boyfriends, career, parent's separation) it deals with unusual situations like her mother becoming a television host. Also when she goes to a tarts and vicars party in a bunny costume and finds out that it is been cancelled. There are horrifying embarrassing situations in which we cannot help but laugh. When I read this book I had high hopes after seeing the film. I can tell you I was not disappointed and I recommend it as a hilarious good read!
B0000AQS0F|5.0|Escape Velocity. This series was reminiscent of the classic shareware game for the Mac created by the folks at Ambrosia. And I loved it.<br />I never so thoroughly enjoyed a series on television. B5, SG1, ST, and Farscape (the next best thing) all pale in comparison. As has been mentioned, the script, story, direction, acting, and special effects (clangy chimes of the billiard balls aside) were superlative. The characters were varied and interesting, all with a different story to tell (and Adam Baldwin was fantastic as Jane - perfectly casted). It's hard to imagine any other series ever coming close to the calibre of Firefly.<br />And thank goodness someone decided it was at least good enough for DVD-release (not long now!). Here's to anticipation of the feature film...
B00004SPYJ|5.0|I first saw this film as a jr high school assignment, and I was hooked. The scenery is the first thing that draws you in, beautiful scenery that takes your breath away. Olivia Hussey is by far the most believable actress to have played this role. Its hard to believe she was just 15 at the time. Leonard Whiting is also wonderfuL and passionate as only a teenager can be. As far as casting goes, every one, down to the least player is wonderful here. The scene at the banquet when Romeo and Juliet first meet and kiss is so romantic, I actually hold my breath as I watch it. Shakespeare was a true master, and this is a true masterpiece.
B0000BYM3K|4.0|I'm glad to see that a lot of people like this album, as they should. First off a lot of the bad reviews this cd has gotten have been almost all crap. I've heard thing shuch as the album does not have any solos, This album shows some of maiden's best guitar work. I have also heard 2 other things, 1.&quot;This sounds like the same old Maiden.&quot; or 2. &quot;This album is way too different.&quot;. I guess that just shows that you can't make everyone happy. Me I think it is a great album, the best since 7th son. This album has everything you could expecet from maiden and much more. <BR>   Buy this album if 1.you like good music, 2.you like Maiden, 3.you like mature,tasteful music with great harmony and inteligent lyrics
B0000AXE8I|3.0|To the Wakowski bros. I take my hat off to you, you have created a great work and whether people like it or not is not the point any longer, Matrix part one is magnificent and will always remain so, I wished that you could have blown us all away with part two, first plot wise then with your special effects, this was not the case but i beleive in you not to disappoint us in part 3. Part 3 is already made but I hope that you will have made the immediate attentive focus on the script to leave your audience with not just another movie to watch but something that is life altering, that leaves us with awe, that leaves us feeling we too CAN FLY! that we can break free that there is more and that will remain in the back of our minds no matter where we are, whether taking out the trash or waiting on tables or fixing a car or designing a new rocketship, that you gave us the opportunity to connect with something...out there, something greater as you successfully did with part 1. No matter what happens I hope that part 3 will excel in all ways and be a breakthru film but if it isn't than i hope that you the Wachowski bros. will not stop but go back to the drawing board and bring us something else that will...in the future, never give up, never stop, we need your good minds to bring us HIGHER!      That said, now to the fans, matrix 2 could have been better than the first, it wasnt although the special effect were unbeleivable although the one part where keanu is fighting the agents was poorly done you could tell they were cgi (this was a failure the whole philosophy in holywood is to fool us into thinking it's real, but dont go down too hard on the guys responsible for that i dont think it is good to be able to make computer generated images look too human as eventually it will be used for evil purposes). The dialogue dissapoints no enlightenment here, and that was what got us all hooked wasn't it. The fights were excellent, Keanu we love you and you are a good actor to hell with the criticism and ofcourse the magnificent Laurence Fishburne and the beautiful, Carrie Ann Moss (please i hope that you and Keanu patched everything up and are at peace) as well as some of the new faces, the master computer was fascinating, the oracle, the special effects. The music, the sound effects, the cinematography and the sets all TOP TOP NOTCH, I only hope matrix 3 will excell as part I did...not another action flick but ever so much more.
B0000A1RJI|1.0|Don't let the other reviews fool you.  Klaus Badelt and the rest of Media Ventures bunch have written exciting and ambitious stuff before, but POTC is terrible even by their own standards.  There is an incredible amount of distortion in the recording which will make music listeners cringe.  The main themes here<BR>are shallow rip-offs of the &quot;Chase&quot; music sequence from The Rock as well as &quot;Tribal War&quot; from Black Hawk Down.  The music doesn't even remotely sound swashbuckling except for the little jig a the beginning.  But I don't blame the MV crew entirely, much of the blame should be heaped on Jerry Bruckheimer who had the nerve of firing Alan Silvestri, the films original composer.  <BR>In fact I recommend people pick up a copy of the score to Tomb Raider:The Cradle of Life.  The raw energy, consistency, and fun provided by that score makes one wonder how incredibly ignorant Bruckheimer is.  Has he ever listened to the score for Mummy Returns?  Don't waste your money on Pirates of the Caribbean.  <BR>A better recommendation would be Sinbad: The Legend of <BR>the Seven Seas by Harry Gregson-Williams or the afore-<BR>mentioned Tomb Raider score.
B00005R8FI|5.0|I remember this album (yes, that funny round vinyl thing) when it was new.  I was blown away by the music that I heard.  It is undoubtedly the best &quot;live&quot; album I've ever heard and I wanted more. I wore the record out!! I plan to wear the CD out, too!If you like smooth,jazzy, easy blues/R &amp; B by a rocker, give it a try.  Makes Dave Matthews look bad, and I like Dave Matthews.
0517548232|2.0|I am not a giant fan of Hazlitt's works, however I will say that EIOL is very simply and succinctly written. However his criticism of the unnamed \\"brilliant economists\\"(p. 28)- read: Keynes-is certainly baseless and an attempt to debase another economist's (though I struggle to put Hazlitt in such a class) work for the reason that their works are difficult to read is quite contemptible. Are the works of Shakespeare less valuable, less brilliant because they are not easily interpreted by the average man? I think not, and it is from whence which we are lead to the largest, if not only, redeeming quality of EIOL: it is easy to read. A simple book by and for the simple man. True economics is fare more complicated that Hazlitt would have the reader believe, and despite what others might say, is fairly math intensive. However, I digress...<br /> EIOL, as such, a fallacious title, begins with what is a brief comment on economic theory and policy. However, as he sums up his point by saying that \\"The art of economics consists of looking not merely at the immediate but at the longer effects of any act or policy; it consists of tracing the consequences of that policy not merely for one group, but for all groups.\\"(p. 17)  All right folks, that's it. There is your one lesson. Go forth and spread the word. Those who are not versed in the study of economics I'm sure may arrive at the conclusion that this is something new, somehow ground breaking. However to anybody who is well-read in economics, to those who are a student of this subject, this seems to be, and is, nothing more than a pointing out of the obvious. Thanks for letting us know though, Henry. I thought all that stuff about the long run, short run, micro and macro economics was all fiction. Glad he told us. <br /> One could write an entire book refuting that which Hazlitt postulates, pointing out the errors, miscues, and theory which Hazlitt left out. I'm sure it was a mistake. Really. I am. I will note a few lines here,adding to that which has already been said by like-minded reviewers.<br /> Hazlitt ultimately ignores aggregate demand in chapters 2 & 3. Did he not say that we were supposed to be examining this with the perspective of \\"all groups\\" in mind? Furthermore, he attempts to use chapter 2, an examination into microeconomics, and apply it to aggregates and macroeconomic situations. Economists have long learned that this is not feasible. In the broken window example Hazlitt has us assume, only for the<BR>reason, we can suspect, to illustrate his point, that the Baker in question will spend the $250 on a suit. However, what fails to mention is that the possibility of savings exists. Had the Baker been planning to save the money, Hazlitt would struggle to make his point.<br /> In chapter 3, Hazlitt again ignores aggregate demand, but also the consumption function, and goes on to assume full employment, which is again, a special case which cannot be applied to the whole. In a number of instances he contradicts himself, though this is not limited to chapter 3. It would be a waste of time here to list all of them, however, consider the following: if the destruction of a building is a harm to all of those in a community (p. 28), and no demand is created, and more importantly, lost, where then is the harm? If my $250 which I would have spent a spent on a suit now goes to repairing my house, how then does the demand of the community suffer? Again on 28, when examining the farmer, can his demand not be greater, or less, than the available quantity of wheat he is able to supply? Could the demand on wheat not be less or greater than that which the farmer is able to supply? But we are supposed to believe that supply is equal to demand? I think not. On the subject of contradictions, returning to Lesson 1 for a second, Hazlitt criticizes the \\"terms of abuse\\" (p. 19), but uses the term \\"new economics\\", as his favorite whipping boy, falling into the same trap with which he assumes he hasensnared Keynesian economists. He blindly rejects all of Keynesian, or \\"new economic\\" theory, not crediting its merits or following reasoning. For shame, Henry. For shame.<br /> Students of economics do not read this book because it holds little value...except perhaps in showing how to present a poor argument. Hazlitt is guilty of employing reactionary \\"reasoning\\" to that of Keynesian theory, as noted by the multiple insults and jabs at Keynes and his followers, though he oft fails call them as such. This book makes some interesting, bordering on valid, points at times, however the degree to which it fails far outweighs the benefits. Readers of this book who are not economics students should not that this is certainly note the end-all and be-all of economic works or theory, and that every work on economics will be flawed to some degree. Economics students who reject Keynesian theory, read \\"The Failure of the New Economics: An Analysis of the Keynsian Fallacies\\" by Hazlitt. You need to read it with The General Theory though.<br /> In closing, somebody suggested putting this book in your bathroom. I'd suggest that too, though I suspect our reasoning behind doing so might be different.
0887306667|5.0|In general, the book is easy to read, each law is precise and illustrate with many examples that we are familiar with. Therefore anyone who didnt studying marketing can also understand.<BR>I learned so much from these 22 laws. For instance, it is better to be the first then it is to be better. It is because the first one always becomes generic name of that category and becomes the leading brand. As a result the prospects can easily recall you since yours product or service almost always the first brand into their mind. And that is the author say Marketing is a battle of perceptions, not products.<BR>If anyone who wants to explore more about marketing, I highly recommend reading this book and I am sure you can gain a lot of insight from it.
B000000OQF|5.0|If I were to own only one CD, it would have to be this one.  If you love your Rock N' Roll, or whether you love music in general, this album is essential!
0446677450|5.0|This book is quite easy to read and I gain so much from it!<BR>First, it gave me another view on financial knowledge especially the definitions of asset and liability. <BR>Second, it changes my mind &quot;work to learn but money&quot;. <BR>Beside, this book taught me what is rat race, which Im encounter every day and this is the reason why Im struggling on my bills every month and Im not getting rich even I work very hard. I will always remember what author said, Money is one form of power, but what is more powerful is financial education<BR>Finally, this book advice me how to overcome the obstacles. Although it sounds common sense, but it is not an easy task.<BR>Overall, this book is very worthwhile and interesting. And who dont know why they struggle on their bills should have a look.
0446677450|5.0|\\" If you want to get rich or just know how money works, Rich dad, Poor dad gives a good example of methods you can be succesful with. I strongly recommend for any one who thinks of a way to get rich to read this book and also for the people who are or who plan to become an Entreprenuer.\\"
0385504209|5.0|Finally! A GOOD book! I haven't read anything this good in a long time. Dan Brown is a genius. He is able to write a thriller/history channel/Harry-Potter-can't-put-it-down suspense novel with seemingly unconnected facts that somehow, all manage to come together in the end for a truly astounding work of art. You'll walk away from this book a seemingly more intelligent and learned person. I read the whole darn thing in one day, I couldn't put it down! So, if you haven't already, GET THIS BOOK! AMAZING, WONDERFUL, B-E-A-UTIFUL!
B0000AQS6U|5.0|This cd is a great addition to your permanent pop library. Cher is enthralling live, and it's great to have studio versions of her greatest hits too. The packaging is awesome, and the price is right.This cd st gives the listener the chance to see that contrary to some opinions that Cher is as adept in the studio and live. It's a great gift for anyone who enjoyed this concert via television or live. Cher will be remembered as a true legend, and this set cements the ability and her great sense of humor...
B000002UAU|3.0|When i first heard this album i thought i was going to find a musical icon, a masterpiece of rock pshycadelia as every rock music critic and Beatles' fan say. The result of my listening, except for a few tracks, like 'Fixing a hole' and 'Sgt Peppers Reprise', wich woke me up, is that i felt asleep for the complete record's duration.<BR>The problem is , beside that it sounds like the tipical british pop sound of that time, is that there is nothing you could take out from the set that would stand out, for example, 30 years from now, or even today. <BR>This record is not 1/2 as good as Hendrix's 'Are you Experience?'or Pink Floyd's 'Piper at the Gates of Dawn', music gems of that year, there was a lot happening elsewhere, and the Beatles sound had lost the freshness of the first records (specially 'Revolver', which i love). I'm sorry but this record is the tree that blinds you from seeing the forest.
B00006RAKP|5.0|So many artists have had their original hits albums upgraded recently, and thankfully \\"Elton John\\" has as well. Some fanatics may be missing certain songs, but for the casual fan, this has absolutely everything, and I can't name a track I miss. The early hits \\"Your Song\\", \\"Rocket Man\\", and \\"Goodbye Yellow Brick Road\\" are all here, as well as the later hits \\"Don't Go Breaking My Heart\\", \\"The One\\", and \\"I Want Love\\". Plus 28 more that are just as enjoyable. Some copies come with a 4 track bonus disc, which is good, but not essential. I'm not the biggest fan, but I can't imagine how anyone could not like these songs. Overall, it's a 5 star album, and will go great with your \\"Bee Gees\\" and \\"Billy Joel\\" collections.
B000003S0P|5.0|If KC has more to do with avant-garde jazz and experimental progressive music in this period, this album has more to do with science than music. The music here, every song even as complex and adventurous as it gets belongs to a diferent galaxy. <BR>If you dont know what am i talking about then try listening to this album at full volume.
B00005M989|4.0|Obviously this is missing as much as it includes, but based on what's here, it's a very good collection of his biggest hits. When most people think &quot;Prince&quot;, they think &quot;1999&quot;, &quot;Purple Rain&quot;, &quot;Kiss&quot;, and &quot;U Got The Look&quot;. That's all here, and 13 more. If you're willing to get two cd's, then I would get the &quot;Hits 1 and 2&quot;, which has alot this doesn't. But again, this has what I would consider to be the best of the best. Or you could always just get &quot;Purple Rain&quot;, or the excellent &quot;Sign 'O' The Times&quot;. Any of these will go great with your &quot;Michael Jackson&quot; and &quot;Madonna&quot; cd's.
B0000C8AQM|5.0|Many thanks to all of you that came up with the Modern Lovers<BR>&quot;Roadrunner&quot;. I never thought I'd get a response to my S.O.S.<BR>and was amazed to see the answer so quickly - I tried to figure out a way to e-mail you each (that responded so early and warmly)<BR>but this is all I can figure to do. As a matter of fact I'm listening to the song as we speak and to my chagrin the count only goes to 6, the lyric is &quot;A.M&quot; not &quot;F.M.&quot; and the odd thing<BR>is that it's a song about tooling around Mass. and not NYC - considering Cale, the Velvets are one in the same (NYC that is).<BR>A Yankees - Red Sox colaboration ?? Still,a classic ! Maybe the Joan Jett cover refers to &quot;F.M.&quot; ?? But who cares !! I've got it and I'm a happy fella !! Someone mentioned a Pistols cover of it, is this true ? Could be interesting. Anyhow, thanks again !!
B00000612P|5.0|This album brings every emotion to the table. It has incredible energy along with very poignant moments. The short rendition of Amazing Grace is the best I've ever heard. This music will make you want to dance and celebrate. But mostly, it reaches deep into your soul and makes you want to cry. This is the best Rod Stewart album, nothing else comes close. Mandolin Wind and Reason to Believe are true classics that you rarely hear on the radio. The short guitar intro to Maggie May is soooo pure and innocent. The light hearted tempo of Maggie May becomes a tear jerking classic when Rod sings some of the best lyrics in Rock n Roll history. After a failed romance, I remember singing this song. I know, I'm not the only one.
B00000IAU3|5.0|If you've ever lost someone you love, you will be able to relate to quite a few songs on this CD.  There are also a few songs about personal issues, depression, etc...  I believe that the best songs on this album are:<br />#2 Hunter, which is about how that she wants out of a relationship that has become over bearing and annoying &quot;If you were a king up there on your throne would you be wise enough to let me go?  Cause this Queen you think you own wants to be a hunter again.&quot;  The whole song is great, lyrics, beats, melody...very good.<br />#5 All You Want, which is about her saying goodbye to someone she loved, and how that she wishes that he finds what he's looking for, but wishes that she could be all that he wants.  I find that this song runs through my mind, and it doesn't bother me.<br />#8 Slide, anyone who has ever dealt with depression can relate to this song.  &quot;Even on a day like this, when you're crawling on the floor. Waiting for the phone to ring, anyone who loves you anymore.&quot;  The music is original in this song, the lyrics are compassionate, the whole thing makes for a perfect combination.<br />#9 Isobel, is about a friend who disappeared one day.  I can relate because that has happened to me, it makes me cry when I listen to it and start thinking.  &quot;Dear Isobel, I hope your well and what you've done is right. Oh it's been such hell I wish you well and hope your safe tonight...&quot;  I feel every word of this song.<br />And lastly but not least<br />#10 I'm No Angel...which is my anthem.  It's saying she may not be &quot;perfect&quot; but she's good enough and she can try to be her best even with her imperfections.  &quot;I'm sorry for my weary life...I know I'm not perfect, but I can smile, and I hope that you see this heart behind my tired eyes.&quot;<br />So, don't miss out on this album, and don't miss out on her new one &quot;Life For Rent&quot;.
0804106304|5.0|I love this book! It is amazing. It is filled with so much passion and love as well as pain. It shows the love of four mothers and daughters. It also shows the pain endured by many Chinese people during the Chinese revolution. This book is emotional and amzingly well written. I could bairly put it down. I think this book is well suited for any mother or daghuter feeling disconnected with ther own love. This book is probably one of my all time favorites!
B00005JLTN|5.0|This was a great continuation of the matrix series. The effects were even better than the first, and the story line created just enough suspense to drive me crazy until november.
B000005IU2|5.0|That guy just never grasped the fact that the Stooges practically invented punk music and had more attitude and power than the Stones could ever wish for (not that the Stones are bad). The fact is this album is the greatest and most pure rock n roll album of all time. I will admit that I usually don't listen to &quot;L.A. Blues&quot; on a regular basis, but the other six songs are perfect. If there is an album to sum up everything great, nasty, dirty, sleazy, and awesome about rock n roll this is it. Buy this if you have ears. Buy this if you love rock n roll. Buy this if you don't fit in. Just buy the damn thing.
B00007BHOE|5.0|This is an DVD from their London gig. If you look closely during the intro you will be able to se one of the bands that Slipknot toured with... In Flames.
B00005JLTN|4.0|While this film is loaded up with a slew of seemingly pointless action, the storyline still seems to be strong.  Because of all the pointless action, this movie moves along like a freightrain that only had one stop to make in Zion.  I have to agree with other viewers on this note -- wtf.  Biblically, Zion is supposed to be a heavenly type of place.  Here, the Bros. Wachowski make it look like a rave set in a brothel.  The scene drags for 10+ minutes, but once Neo and co. set to leave the city, the movie takes off down the track again non-stop to the cliffhanger ending -- which is exactly how I expected this film to end, considering The Matrix films popularity rank up there with the original Star Wars films (even if they are not as good).  If this film left you scratching your head at the end like it did to me, wait for the third film before passing final judgment on it.  Many SW fans dissed the prequels, but I have a feeling that both series will be redeemed by their final acts.
B00005ATQI|5.0|I watch this movie every Halloween.  It is my favorite horror movie.  Stanley Kuprick's panning shots of the overlook hotel and the mountain that surrounds it, especially in the beginning, really give you a sense of alienation that chills you to the bone.  I can't imagine being so isolated for so long.  Also, Kuprick's constant close ups of Jack while he is going insane really give you the creeps and the close-ups of Shelley Duvall's terrified face make you as scared as she seems.  (No one was better for these roles than Nicholson and Duvall)  Jack was so much better in this role than Stephen Weber was in the mini-series on TV (no offense to Weber, it's a hard act to follow).  The young boy who plays Danny in this movie does an excellent job of blanking out of this world and into the world of his visions.  He makes this extraordinary power of his seem very believable.  The only problem I had with the movie was that it didn't go into enough explanation about some things, like why 237 is haunted and who the guy in the dog costum is, but that might be why it is so scary.  The book explains these things better though, if you are curious.  Also, I thought showing Jack in the 1920's picture in the hotel at the ending was a nice touch that was not in the book.  It makes you think that the Overlook has possessed his spirit, if the movie didn't already give you that idea.  This is a classic must watch for any true horror movie fan, not the type that just likes the pointless slasher flicks like Friday the 13th.  I know Stephen King was disappointed with this film, but I don't care.  It is fantastic!
B000000OYQ|1.0|I got this album yesterday only to find it so dissapointing. I love his guitar playing but the songs are terrible. Especially &quot;wasting my time&quot; and &quot;wanna make love&quot; This is the type of music I would hear in a bar or a classic Rock radio station. The music was sickening, uncomfortable and horrible. page could've done so much better. Him and Plant need to make an album that would blow fans away and they haven't done that. If you're a true jimmy page fan, don't buy this album. it's a waste
B0000BYM3K|5.0|I have listened to D.O.D. about 7000 times now and I loooove it! You know, I started to list the &quot;hot spots&quot; on this album but they ARE ALL hot spots! If you like Maiden or if you haven't heard Maiden and like good music, you owe it to yourself to check out Maiden and &quot;Dance of Death&quot; in particular. Up The Irons!!!
B00005V3Z4|5.0|for those who haven't seen this movie, it's a fantastic ride.  i can't recall a movie that people are so eager to discuss.  the use of music alone is as haunting as anything i can recall.  matter of fact, i don't think i'll ever hear notorious by duran duran the same way again.  definitely a good dvd to own, the more i watch it the more thought provoking it becomes...
B0000AGWJ7|1.0|do something about the way you sound. <BR>its bugging me. <BR>youre makeup is girly. <BR>dont like it. <BR>seriously. <BR>change it.
B00006L3S3|5.0|hey ignorant person who thinks they know music, OSASIS is alot newer than THE BEATLES, god, do you know anything about music?  this i john lennon, 1973, i think he knows what he's doing<BR>and whatever he does, its usually done very well. lennon rocks, and won't be forgotten.
B000002WYT|5.0|I just read a review on Dave Matthews' new solo album &quot;Some Devil&quot; in Entertainment Weekly.  In recommending (or not) his DMB albums with a &quot;get&quot; or &quot;forget&quot; the reviewer said to forget the Crash album!  Being a 33-U2-concert U2 fan, I would not normally spend my time reviewing non-U2 albums.  But DMB's Crash is one of my favorite albums in my entire 400-CD collection (and I have all of DMB's albums).  The song Too Much starts off startling and is a bit of an annoying song but otherwise the album is superbly beautiful, musically and lyrically, from beginning to end.  Do not miss out on a listen!
B0000C0FJB|5.0|The CD and DVD are fantastic works. The sounds is superior on both and the video is vibrant on the DVD. The documentary is 1 hour long and worth the price of the DVD. Why the bad reviews? I suspect it's those people at counterparts. Boycott them. They're upset because they can't infringe on other peoples copyrighted works anymore. To sum up, Rush kicks your butt.
B00008S2VG|1.0|damn when will she quit how many more lesbian pride anthems are we gonna hear what is it now a hip hop g.i. jane, or crossdressing hip hop mogul, or yoko ono meets real sex 43 or something madonna is always trying something new to shock us like kissing britney and christina I'm sick of thhese teenies as it is now you have 45 year old washed up tramos like madonna still trying to cash in.
B00003CWN3|5.0|This movie was great. A true ove story. About hope. And being your self. Brandon was him self. He was happy. Sadly he was killed for not being what the world thought he should be. I love this film. I have seen it 8 times already. And I know I will watch it many many more. <BR>The story was told with such amotion. You can see the love Brandon had, the feer he had, the hurt, the sadness. I love the begining best. With all of its comic reliefs. It gives you time to know Brandon, and to love him.<BR>The end is very desturbing. The beating, the humilation, the rape. The murder.<BR>All to sad.. but all true. NO ONE deserves to be beat, stiped of your pride, raped, and murdered. Boy or girl. Gay or strate. Young or old. <BR>Tom and John messed up there own lifes, there familys lifes, and the life of those 3 people they killed, and there family and friends.<BR>This story is truly sad. But this film is wonderful. I Love hilary and colie preformances! They deserve more awards then they got. and so does the film!
B000002UAU|4.0|I respect the beatles legacy and acknowledge that they're trendsetters and all but to me the true rock pioneers who really took it to extreme levels are funbkadelic, and hendrix who were influenced by the beatles but still they are the true rock trendsetters make my funk the p funk.
B000069HK2|4.0|There is no exact genre of music that can describe this band from Orem, Utah, but if you like bands like Afi,Brand New,The juliana Theory, and Taking Back Sunday, then you should check these guys out.  Their lead singer Bert McCracken goes emotionally deep through sharing about anything from relationships to his past life's struggles with drugs and being homeless.  Even though the band has very emotional lyrics, they can't be labeled as the particular Emo band, they have a sound of their own.  All the songs on the album i loved with the exception of &quot;Say Days ago.&quot;  Most albums nowdays have from two to four good songs, but not these guys.  Every song on this album takes you on a journey through the life of a hearbroken band and this journey you will love.  Through screaming lyrics, great guitar riffs,awsome bass solos, and just an overall great sound The Used is a band that will amaze you the more and moer you listen to them.  So if your a fan from anything from punk to emo go out and buy this album,you won't regret it.
B00005LOUQ|5.0|I grew up watching the 1966 version and will always enjoy it, but this movie is fantastic and gets better every time I see it.  It's not easy to follow up on a great 1966 classic, but Ron Howard manages to do it.  This movie has a great message about Christmas and brings to life the magic of Whoville.  This will prove to be a great classic for years to come.  A sweet story retold with a little modern day spin.  People who think of this movie as Hollywood trying to surpass the original are missing the point.  This is a great way for some children to be introduced to Dr. Seuss. It can be watched by people of all ages.  Children who weren't raised on the 1966 classic may find it a little slow.  But this movie would capture their attention to explore more of Dr. Seuss by experiencing the real original--the book!
B00006CXXU|5.0|many had doubts about ms. aguleria's sophmore effort,but it proved to be true to the title a more raw and vulnerable christina with songs such as beautiful,fighter,can't hold us down<BR>and her latest single the voice within.beautiful songs encouraging individuality,self love,and self respect. although many would rather look at what she wears than listen to her words<BR>i must say congradulations to her on a job well done and that instead of critising her appearance other artist should follow her musical example life is not just about guys and parties musicians should use their influence to tackle real issues.
6302859204|4.0|I loved this film. It was very well done and should be on DVD.<br />In its day, this movie about an alien abduction experience, was something of a shocker. In a nutshell, a group of young men working as lumberjacks drive home one evening only to be stopped in their tracks by a glowing object in the sky. They get out of their vehicle, Travis Walton gets beamed up, the rest flee. Back in the town, and without Travis, they have to explain his disappearance. People start suspecting that one of them killed Travis and so a missing persons/possible homicide investigation gets underway. The men are given a polygraph test - they pass, and so they seem to be telling the truth about Travis and the UFO.<br />Then Travis turns up five days later and doesn't look the best. He tells a story about an alien abduction and he becomes a national celebrity.<br />All in all a 4 star movie and it is quite interesting, but it has two major problems.<br />(1)The movie has totally twisted the original story which can be found in the book by the same name.<br />(2)The book and Travis Waltons story have been completely bedunked. Its all a big hoax.<br />Learn more about the hoax in my review of the book.<br />Great flick though and worth watching.
1400034779|4.0|For a book so utterly unassuming and undemanding, this first volume in the adventures of Botswana's only lady detective, Precious Ramotswe, accomplishes an impressive amount. <br />It gives us, first of all, a fictional character who breathes. Mma Ramotswe has none of the infallible intelligence, the glamor or colorful pugnacity of stock detective fiction. She is an ordinary woman nearing middle age - but it would be more accurate to praise her as &quot;perfectly ordinary.&quot; Her considerable girth is emblematic of her general solidity: ambling through one small case after another, rarely sure of the next step, succeeding not because of brilliance but by dint of cheerful confidence, good humor and common sense.<br />It gives us, second, a glimpse into the day to day life of a modern African town. It is perhaps a little exotic to us, but it is perfectly natural to Mma Ramotswe, and her familiarity with and affection for the social order, the dry expanses of the Kalahari, the flow of favors expended and called in, lure us into seeing it all simply from her point of view, as just the way things are at home. It kept reminding me, oddly enough, of the small town life in Tom Sawyer. There have been many presentations of Africa as the Dark Continent. Here we have a credible portrait of it as the Sunny Continent, as it can be in those times and polities where history is kind enough to leave it alone for a while. <br />It gives us, third, a break. The language is as simple and direct, though not as self-consciously so, as Hemingway's. Even when witchcraft and child murder darken the storyline, the pace is unhurried, the goodness of a shared cup of tea and a back porch conversation celebrated. The pain of all Africa's history touches our heroine's life, and colors the edges of the story; the vastness of the interior somehow generates and gets reflected in the personal dignity of the townspeople; yet everything takes place on a human scale. It is hard to imagine anyone sitting down with this book and coming away less than disarmed.
0380789019|5.0|This book has characters that keep you interested and a plot so imaginative that it kept me turning pages till my eyes hurt.  It is one of the best books I have read, and I read alot.  Gaiman makes his characters real enough for you to feel scared for Door and Richard.  He makes the marquis come to life with his wonderful description of him.
B000006NPY|5.0|I adore (pardon the pun) the Smashing Pumpkins. Every piece of music they've created has been a work of art in itself. I have undying respect for Corgan and will forever follow his genius mind.   As much as I love the Gish-Simaese Dream-Mellon Collie stages, I feel that this dramatic, overly emotional and raw, more industrial sounding direction they took with Adore (and continued through Machina) is where the Pumpkins found their calling. Adore was influenced by the many hard times Billy and the rest of the band were going through at the time, and it certainly shows. I don't recall Billy ever being so open and honest ever before. He must have really wanted to reach out to people, but sadly, he didn't get much in return.   Sure, you can say it wasn't the same with Jimmy gone and drum synths taking his place. Or that their screaming and guitar wailing wasn't very present here. But this is called development. Growing as musicians and artists. That's what the Pumpkins were here to do.   I hope Billy knows now how many people appreciate this unsung hero of Adore and share a deep connection with his words and hypnotizing music.     Favorite tracks: \\"Pug\\" \\"Daphne Descends\\" \\"The Tale of Dusty  and Pistol Pete\\" \\"Tear\\" \\"Annie-Dog\\" \\"For Martha\\" \\"To Sheila\\"
0375713751|2.0|This is a moderately amusing, fairly entertaining quick read.  Most working mothers will be able to relate to something that Kate experiences, in the same way that most single women could relate to something that Bridget Jones experienced, while recognizing that these women are really caricatures, not real  women.  <br />HOWEVER, this book was mostly annoying! There's virtually no character growth until the last 20 pages, and by then you really don't care.  The book stopped being amusing and started being really annoying pretty early on.  You just want Kate to STOP COMPLAINING and find some beauty in the big pay check, big house, great kids, etc...
B0000C9ZLD|5.0|The Strokes have done it again with Room On Fire!  The Strokes did start the revival of that loveable Rock N' Roll sound and if anyone disagrees then who did?  Nickelback????  Let's hope to the good lord not!  This album brings back that catchy, &quot;get stuck in your head&quot; goodness that makes The Strokes The Strokes!  In addition is a new-wavey sound (I mean this in a very positive way) produced by Nick and Albert's guitar arsenal!  All songs are great, but the two that sticks out are You Talk Way Too Much and The End Has No End!  Definitely worth the 2 year wait!
0446530891|4.0|I liked SPLIT SECOND.  Kinda reminded me of early Ludlum.  There are two \\"good\\" guys (well, one's a guy -- the other's a girl).  The rest of the characters are all suspect, in one way or the other.<br />Sean King is an ex-Secret Service Agent who saw the presidential candidate he was assigned to protect get gunned down.  Flash forward eight years.  Michelle Maxwell is a Secret Service Agent who loses her candidate.  He simply vanishes into thin air.<br />Other than King and Maxwell, you never know who to trust.<br />You know the two shamed agents are going to get together, but how Balducci does it is and how he weaves all the stories into an understandable tapestry is what made this book work.<br />Not to spoil the ending, I did think the storyline involving one of the final villains was over the top.<br />The author left the ending with King and Maxwell forming their own agency.  There's chemistry between them.  The sequels should be fun.<br />Enjoy!
B00005V9HH|5.0|This is a superb film in virtually every aspect.  The script is outstanding: the dialogue shines, the plot is always mesmerizing, and the final scene is just plain excellent.  Even Brian Singer's average direction cannot hamper this professional effort by all concerned.  The cast is a perfect ensemble.  Benicio del Toro is extremely memorable as a mumbling thug, Gabriel Byrne is quiet and intense, Stephen Baldwin is a cannon ready to go off, Kevin Pollock is an egocentric criminal who only maintains alliances for his own selfish gains, and Kevin Spacey sparkles as a crippled confidence man.  Kevin Spacey had perhaps the best year of his career (thus far) in 1995 with the release of this film, the psychotic thriller &quot;Seven,&quot; and the sadly overlooked &quot;Swimming with Sharks.&quot;  He won the first of his 2 Oscars for &quot;The Usual Suspects,&quot; the second coming for &quot;American Beauty&quot; in 1999.  This film also won the Oscar for Best Original Screenplay.  This is a dazzling piece of updated film noir for the post-&quot;Pulp Fiction&quot; era.  This is easily one of the more memorable films from the '90s.  Amazing!
0553573403|5.0|Just a quick recommendation to anyone considering reading this fantasy, it's the best one I've encountered since Tolkien's classic Lord of the Rings. Albeit with a different feel to it:this one is more like the real world, and the magic is often subtle. Altho, come to think about it, Tolkien's world was like that, too. A Song of Ice and Fire is a world you can lose yourself in. The Seven Kingdoms of Westeros are very believable, and the characters have the essence of real people. I especially commend to your attention the character of Tyrion. In this work (I refer to the other completed books in the fantasy as well as the first one) there is no black and white good guys vs bad guys; each side in the conflict has both. The story is told from the perspective of individual characters in the story. What's happening to them at any given time replaces the usual chapters found in most novels. Naturally, it takes a lot of narrative skill to draw these threads together, and Martin pulls it off skillfully. Once again, an excellant fantasy. I just got finished reading the third one in the group, titled: A Storm of Swords, and am happily anticipating the release of the fourth volume. Read and enjoy!
B000002P5W|4.0|Wow. Im speechless. That guy is so painfully stupid and undereducated on what music is that I am in pain. This is a great guitar record. Get it. It's worth it. <br />As far as that guy goes. Why dont u be buyin a few books and learn English.
B00005JKZV|4.0|Considering the millions of people who've read (often at impressionable ages) the unique and genre-defining story, and the ambitiousness of trying to do it justice on screen, I've found much basis for credit in this production.  It shows skilled moviecraft in writing, production, and acting, and deals imaginatively and entertainingly with a challenging story.  (Many of those millions of Tolkein readers have written comments on the film, some of them asserting eloquent unawareness of the differences between a book and its movie adaptation.)  Yes, this (second) episode of the trilogy is realized with swordplay and Darth Vader helmets.  The episode entails the gathering and unleashing of a medieval world war.  On the other hand it connects skillfully with bits of history and drama that will touch many viewers uninterested in fantasy games (irrespective of Tolkein): the besieged outnumbered refugees in a mountain redoubt (Masada in AD 73, among other examples); British-looking crowds in underground tunnels (London, 1940); hints of the Shakespeare that many of the actors apprenticed on.  Most starkly and explicitly, Ian McKellen's voice at the end after a tactical victory: \\"The battle for Helm's Deep is over.  The battle for Middle Earth is about to begin.\\"  This is word-for-word and in exact cadence the famous BBC quote of Churchill after the Dunkirk miracle: \\"... The battle of France is over.  The battle of Britain is about to begin.\\"  (This coined the phrase, and appeared in the 1969 film called, \\"The Battle of Britain.\\"  McKellen himself certainly heard it, and might even have narrated it on occasion.)  Few British-commonwealth viewers will miss this reference, and many viewers around the world will spot tips-of-the-hat to movie genres as well as a respected face or two.  There's something for everyone, in other words.  Skateboarders included -- that's no crime.<br />(The only gross incongruity I saw was the command to archers to \\"fire.\\"  It may be a small point to generations seeing lasers and phasers and Tasers, but any archer, including me, will tell you with dignity that no fire is involved, thanks.  Fire came into use in much later, chemical-propellant weapons which, for centuries, the operator shot by literally applying fire to, or \\"firing,\\" them.)
0812968255|5.0|Meditations is the kind of book you can just open up to any page and learn from, a still-relevant lesson about how to set priorities in what Socrates called the examined life. It is also a fascinating tour of the mind of Marcus Aurelius, the military leader, emperor, educator, philanthropist, and philosopher who remains one of history's most noble protagonists, and whose writings reveal the loneliness of his soul without being bitter.<br />This is a must-have book for the nightstand of anyone living a contemplative life, a profound precursor to modern self-help books written by a Renaissance man who lived centuries before the Renaissance.<br />There is no plot to summarize here, no accurate generalizations to be made. One gets the idea that these are thoughts the author jotted down, sometimes between appointments and sometimes after months of contemplation. Often they are obvious, sometimes they are obscure. They can seem rooted in history, and at times based on today's current events. They can be funny, surprising, or sad. But they are almost always worthwhile.<br />A final note: I have two editions of this book, and while I think both this one and the Hicks' translation are very good, I prefer this by a small degree.
0553212621|2.0|His style in Lady Chatterley's Lover is amateuristic, at best.  Admittedly, there are parts were the writing takes off and becomes something sublime.  However, these passages are few and far between.Lawrence could not but help in adding political statements in the work against his views of the class system in England.  These verbal recriminations lack real power or effect today, in the wake of the fall of the powerful socialist and communist nations.  Lady Chatterley and her lover are notable socialists in a time before socialism had really taken over a nation.  Their dreams and conclusions about the future are not based upon reality, rather upon unsentimental escapism and unthinking immorality.  They believed the system was the problem, rather than the people who ran it.  Sir Clifford, Lady Chatterley's first husband, was unwilling to chance; thus, the system which was evil would remain so.  Lady Chatterley and her lover left a situation that empowered them to make change by placing their child as an heir to the aristocratic system which they blamed for England's problems.  As a genre piece, this work is perhaps one of the best.  Nonetheless, the overall impression of stylistic expression and thoughtfulness of theory demands I rate this work among the very worst on the great literary lists that major colleges propound as the standard of good literature.  <br />Cheers
B0000C1HLF|2.0|As a teenager, I loved Charlie's Angels (the TV series).  I was actually pleasantly surprised by the first movie.  This movie, on the other hand, is a perfect example of what Hollywood does best: take something that works perfectly fine - and screw it up!<BR> <BR>Instead of spending all that money on a good script, they gave it all to the Special Effects and Stupid Stunts Department and let them run amuck - and amuck they ran.  The stunts in this movie are so stupid, so ridiculous and so unbelievable - even for an action movie - I felt embarrassed.  I spent must of the movie just cringing and shaking my head.  What the heck were they thinking?!
B0000CD5FN|5.0|The thing that struck me most about this release is how absolutely accessible it is.  Not the world music adventure that Global was, and not quite the new techno that gave X-Ray Style a lot of its vibe.  Great tunes, and the disjointed nature of it shines through wonderfully.  Get Down Moses is my fave track, just try not to bounce along with it.  Coma Girl is great, and might have been a hit, had Joe been around to promote it.  The choice to cover Marley on Redemption Song was a bold one (who hasn't covered that tune?) but it comes off just as great as you would expect, very heartfelt and earnest.  The Johnny Cash track is even great, especially when Joe was really not the one meant to sing it.  Overall, it's a tremendous CD, a tremendous sendoff for a tremendous man.  We are all better people for Joe having been alive to share his vision with us.  Rest in peace.
B000002BE9|5.0|My mother bought this album for me as a Christmas present in 1996. I played it constantly. My life was constantly shifting in location so I placed it in a box so I wouldn't lose it. Well, after a while, I forgot where I put the box. Just yesterday, my cousin was looking through the closets and there was the box with Tidal in it!When I placed it in the CD player,I remembered why I loved this album. Her lyrics contain  metaphor and her voice just enhances it. I wouldn't say that she has a pretty voice but it has a haunting and convincing quality that I fell in love with.
B00008OWZC|5.0|Filling the void - that's what this release does.  Led Zeppelin were a great band when it came to producing albums, but their hardcore fans thought of them more as an incredible live act.  Those hardcore fans had so far been left with two types of recorded possibilities - the first being the existing commercial live recordings (The Song Remains the Same and the BBC Sessions), and the many available bootlegs of live shows.  To put it bluntly, the boots left much to be desired, as did the commercial recordings.  The boots simply don't have the sound quality required to give even a hint of how the band sounded live.  Led Zeppelin understood the value of dynamics in music, and they lived it.  People are mostly down on Song Remains the Same, but it has its moments.  Overall, though, it's too much wilted salad and not enough meat and potatoes.  How the west Was Won, on the other hand, is so meaty, you can toss the potatoes and still get filled up.  The sound quality is adequate at least and in some cases, excellent.  The important part is that the sound doesn't get between you and the music.  Excellent song selection - I just wish there were more, lots more!
0446310786|5.0|I chose this book knowing already it was a classic novel of our time.  So I decided to experience this book myself, and right away I fell in love with it.  Every moment was excellently described, down to the last detail.  The character depictions drew me in as I could relate to the way Jem and Scout acted.  The events that occurred were interesting and Harper Lee writes the novel with such imagery, it is easy to imagine everything going on.  The book is easy to understand, though it contains lots of symbolism, including the title itself To Kill A Mockingbird.  The book definitely deserves 5 stars.
B00006879E|5.0|Never have I listened to a cd that had every single song putting me in shock.  My friend told me about this cd a good time before I finally bought it and when I finally did, I was amazed. Songs about Jane came out a while back but Maroon 5 is now starting to get the respect and popularity they deserve  This cd is amazing.  It's definitley different than anything I've ever listend to.  I saw them in concert recently with Marc Broussard and Gavin Degraw( who are also amazing) and they were just phenominal.  I can honestly say that anyone who picks up this cd will be VERY impressed.  Maroon 5 is definitley my favorite band.
B0000C5RQF|5.0|I chose this version for one reason. It was the only Zauberflote DVD I saw with digitally recorded Dolby 5.1 Surround audio. The audio is all I hoped for. Even if you can't sit and watch the DVD, play it just for the audio! <br />Simon Keenlyside as Papageno made this an excellent choice. His voice is awesome. Being able to see his facial expressions adds to his performance. Something you'd probably miss from most opera house seats. Diana Damrau handles her Queen of Night solos flawlessly. Her edgy costume and makeup are memorable. (She is pictured on the DVD cover.) Ailish Tynan as Papagena has some of the best comic moments with Simon Keenlyside.
B0000E65V9|5.0|No doubt designed for music fans who don't own many Springsteen albums, this double CD has selections from every studio album of his 30 year carreer.  There are many great tracks that weren't on his 1995 &quot;Greatest Hits&quot; CD: Rosalita, Jungleland, Darkness on the Edge of Town, Nebraska, Tunnel of Love, The Ghost of Tom Joad, The Rising, American Skin (41 Shots), and others.<br />As a big Springsteen fan, I of course recommend buying the albums themselves, but if you just want the &quot;essentials&quot; from 3 decades of music, this is it.<br />The BONUS Disc is pretty cool too.  It has tracks from his whole career.  &quot;None But the Brave&quot; &amp; &quot;County Fair&quot; are 2 'Born in the USA' outtakes could have been hits if they'd made the cut.  These 2 songs I highly recommend.  Anyone who digs Springsteen will love these tunes!<br />There's also some rare tracks Springsteen wrote for movies directed by friends Sean Penn, Tim Robbins, &amp; John Sales.  These songs are not like his usual music but are very good.
B00005U11Z|4.0|I have to say that I was a little apprehensive in buying this when I noticed Steve Perry was not providing lead vocals.  But much to my surprise and satisfaction, the vocals were handled quite well by vocalist Steve Agueri.  The songs are all great and the sound and video quality is excellent.  Neal Schon is still an amazing, underrated guitarist and this DVD is a must have for any Journey fan!
0062502182|2.0|This book is pretty much what it says it is: a fable about following your dream.  Coelho pretty much repeats this over and over and over in this book.  At times, it can be pretty trite stuff...beware of sappy words like &quot;Personal Legend,&quot; &quot;Soul of the World,&quot; and other new-agey kind of stuff.  So all that aside, the book was short and to the point, it can be read in one sitting, which is nice, considering that there really is very little plot.  And at times Coelho does write a sentence that really does ring true to life and the choices a person makes.  I think this book would be most appropriate as a high school graduation gift.  If you're like me, 25, and pretty much not at a turning point, it will just seem trite.
B000069AUI|5.0|This is an amazing CD, i would even say it's better than &quot;Parachutes&quot;. It's one of those albums that you either hate or love and if you enjoy mellow, soulful songs you will love it. Songs like &quot;The Scientist&quot; and &quot;Clocks&quot; are quick favorites, and in the begginning you may not like the others. But once you repeatedly listen to the rest, every single one becomes a favorite. I would definately recommend this CD, it is well worth the money. But if you are really into hard rock, rap, or very upbeat poppy songs then this CD may not be for you.
B00006BTCA|4.0|In spite everything that I know, I like these guys. The last minute of the song PDA is excellent - tightly written. Almost all of these songs are well crafted, and catchy - a vast menagerie of sounds you've already heard from the 80's. I saw these guys live 2 nights ago - they seem to be heavy style based but can match it with the substance. However, it is very derivative music - Joy Division are what they strive to be without question. The lead singer talks his way through the songs in a very Ian Curtis style.  In concert they were pretty good, the drummer kicked some major league arse. Does anybody else wish that someone would make something that is groundbreaking?
0743455967|4.0|Manuscripts at the large Manhattan houses are constantly pushed aside for lack of story. The literary art stars of modern times often turn beautiful prose that lacks depth and course. Some of these find their way to the shelves and die a quick death.<br />On Writing maps the writing life and genesis of a true storyteller. Those familiar with King's prose understand that he embeds satire in all of his works. (He also speaks this way in person too.) This book is no exception. Take what he says with a grain of salt, but follow his advice to pursue your story one character step at a time.<br />For the guts of storytelling, try Block's classic From Plot to Print and the up and rising Klim's Write to Publish.
B000001A3H|1.0|By far, the worst vocals and music I had the displeasure of hearing.
B0000AXE8I|5.0|I would have to agree with nugentrn who stated this movie is for those who are either in the field of theology, philosophy, and even psychology...it is a movie for people who think deeply.If you allowed yourself to only fall in love with the great moves- you will not like this movie- it will not meet your expectation of a great movie. However, if you are able to go beyond the action for a moment and take a look at what the people who produced and directed movie is saying- you will realize this is pondering movie.<br />It is about globalization. It is about saying how we humans are very self-destructive, and then once we destroy something we then try to run to fix it. The whole point of The Matrix, The Matrix Reloaded, and the Matrix Revolution is how we have been given control by a Higher Source and sqandered that control as we would money. Who is that Higher Source, G-d, he gave humans control of smaller things to make life more beautiful, to prosper them, and grow them so we can be better humans. However we have taken that control and turn it into, &quot;MY WILL,&quot; what I won't do, what I will do, what I won't allow others to do to me, and what I will allow them to do.<br />The most important element in The Matrix Reloaded is that the choices we make have all ready been chosen and the only thing we need to do is to understand why on earth we are here. Get it? It is not about the great moves in the movie and Neo being THE ONE. It is about coming to terms that we did not create ourselves.<br />This movie is highly inventive...it was to catch an audiences attention to tell you something deep. And some of us got it- some of us won't. Some of us made the choice that this movie does not hold to the first.<br />The DVD Version: Has Special Features, 2 disc, and a peek of Matrix Revolution.
B000001A3H|1.0|These reviewers must tbe on crack to compare this band to balck Sbbath. Kyuss sounds worse than an 80's hair band.
B0000C0FJB|5.0|Yes, that's right! It's a LIVE cd! Everyone complaining about the sound and saying it should sound like the Eagles' Hell Freezes Over cd are expecting a cleaned up fake sounding live cd. <BR>Rush In Rio is incredible! The energy from the band is incredible! The energy from the audience is incredible! I'll admit the Brazilian audience may annoy some people. They do a lot of &quot;chanting&quot; and stuff. If you've heard Iron Maiden's Rock In Rio, you know what I'm talking about. That crowd just has a lot of energy.<br />Geddy's vocals may not be loud enough for some people, but I think they're perfect. It makes it sound more live. I think Rush In Rio is far superior to Different Stages. After you hear this, you'll completely forget about Different Stages. <br />All the radio hits are played on this cd which will please the part-time fans, and a lot of the die-hard fan favorites are also played. Of course there's a lot of the more recent stuff, which also sounds killer. A lot of you know that the sound quality on the Vapor Trails cd is kind of horrible, but the live versions of the 4 songs performed from that album are awesome. <br />I wish Rush was one of those bands who release a live cd and dvd of EVERY tour, but we're pleased with what they DO release. It will probably be a long time before they do another live recording and Rush In Rio should satisfy the fans until that happens.
1563890410|5.0|Uhm...this guy is like really really good. Favorite book of the series.  Thank you.
B0000AZJXQ|5.0|This album is lyrically powerful, and masterfully symphonic.  Those in the know get this album after a few listens and realize how strong it is.  Those not in the know may call it a &quot;Tool knock-off&quot; or &quot;Tool for the middle-aged&quot;.  They can have fun listening to top 40.  In the right &quot;frame of mind&quot; this can lead to quite an &quot;experience&quot;.  Whether it's positive or negative is up to the listener and what already lives or is currently growing inside them.  If you stop and listen, it may cause some heavy introspection to occur.  By the end of it, one may come to realize that 12 steps will only get one so far.  The 13th step and beyond, is up to the individual and if they have the courage to take it.  Of course I could just be crazy. But I highly recommend giving this exceptional album by the only current \\"super-group\\" a try.
B00005Y7L4|5.0|I have the uncut double DVD set of this movie. Its a great movie but its really too disturbing for me to watch again. Kind of hard to watch gorgeous Japanese girls being slaughtered by a sick game. If you are an aficionado of Japanese culture you will really enjoy this movie. This movie is really violent and bloody so beware. At the end of the movie you will be moved to tears. The 2nd DVD with all the special features doesn't have English subtitles so you'll need an external subtitle ripper. I'm sure this double DVD will probably be reissued because of the success of Kill Bill and the enormous popularity of actress Chiaki Kuriyama.
0064471837|5.0|This was just an amazing book...it's up there on my favorites, which also includes Tolkien, Pullman and Rowling...<br />This book, in my opinion, should totally be made into a movie. In fact, I'm surprised it hasn't gained enough popularity to be made into one. All I have to say is that more and more people should read this book...<br />I love the character of Sabriel; she's just amazing...Touchstone and Mogget are great, too. I didn't particularly like Sabriel's father, in my opinion he was sort of strange but I guess that's what happens to all Abhorsens...<br />IF YOU WANT MORE LIKE THIS:<br />1. The Hobbit, The Lord of the Rings, The Silmarillion, all by J.R.R. Tolkien (please read them in that order!!!!)<br />2. His Dark Materials trilogy by Philip Pullman<br />3. The Harry Potter books (especially the 4th and 5th-amazingly crafty and dark-love them!)<br />4. Sorcery Rising by Jude Fisher<br />well thats all,<br />Raeanne
B0000AZJXQ|5.0|First time i heard the albumn i didnt think it was that great because i immediatley compared every song to mer de norms.i started off liking THE NOOSE alot and thought that it was the only good song but i had more faith in APC so i sat and listened to the cd over and over again for a couple weeks and i found that its a great albumn.  Its good that its different and the lyrics are amazing.  Good JOb guys and thanx.....Bring on TOOL
B0000AQS6R|5.0|I just want to clear up a misconception that another veiwer posted on this sight:<BR>The full Screen Version of Christmas Vacation is not Pan-and Scanned. The movie was shot in full frame dimensions, and then the top and bottom was cut off so it would fit a 1.85:1 Movie screen. The &quot;Matted Widescreen&quot; version is what was seen in the theater. With the full screen version, you're actuially not missing 20% of the image, you're actually getting 120% of the image. with the widescreen version, you're getting 100%.
B00004U45G|2.0|No doubt that this will attract negative votes. Attacking sacred cows is never easy. PAGE was always an excellent studio muso who could never produce the same quality work live. This live CD proves his mediocrity yet again. The solo in the BB KING cover is emberrassing and wouldn't win a pub gig audition. The ZEP covers are as good as any other ZEP tribute band, but totally unneccessary as the originals can not be improved upon. If PAGE doesn't need the money, he should keep his legacy intakt by refusing any further live shows and the BLACK CROWS are better off sticking to their 80's stadium rock rip-offs.
B0000CD5FN|4.0|And what a finale!  Joe Strummers final album proves itself to be a real gem.  The best one of all 3 Mescalaro albums.<BR>Not since The Clash disbanded has Joe made music like this.<BR>&quot;Streetcore is a real winner!&quot;<br />&quot;Coma Girl&quot; a great rockabilly tune from &quot;A real rockin gang&quot;<BR>&quot;Get Down Moses&quot; A true Roots, Rock, Reggae tune; A cry out to The old testiment prophet.<BR>&quot;Arms Aloft&quot; and &quot;All In a Day&quot; are rockin tunes you might expect from a modern day Clash.<BR>Acoustic songs:&quot;Redemption Song&quot; and &quot;Silver And Gold&quot; are real tear jerkers.<BR>Joe couldn't have selected better cover songs than these (for his own genius).<br />If you are a Clash fan then this album is a shoe-in for you. <BR>If you are not, give this album a chance to broaden you musicial tastes.  <BR>Well-produced, great liner notes and photographs: <BR>A MUST HAVE!<br />God Bless The Meskies, and Lucinda Mellor.<BR>Rest In Peace Joe.
B00000DQSZ|5.0|Ouvir esse lbum foi uma revelao e agora no consigo mais tir-lo da mente,principalmente a sequencia da faixa ttulo(&quot;Trans-Europe Express&quot;),&quot;Franz Schubert&quot; e &quot;Metal on Metal&quot;.Mas todo o disco  muito bom,como as canes &quot;Showroom Dummies&quot; e &quot;Room of Mirrors&quot;. uma banda que com sua repetio te deixa hipnotizado e muito feliz,ainda mais com suas letras robotizadas refletindo suas idias.
B00009ATIX|5.0|You will either love this movie or hate it; there's not much middle ground here.  If you like typical Hollywood fare - stay away (which audiences did in droves).  If you like movies that are &quot;mood pieces&quot; and that make you think for yourself instead of spoon feeding you, you will probably watch Solaris more than once.  Make sure the kids are in bed before you start.  This isn't the kind of movie that works with distractions or pauses.<br />One side bonus to Love/Hate movies: The people who love them can pick them up cheap from the people who hate them.<br />If you liked this film you've already seen &quot;2001: A Space Odyssey&quot; (obviously), so try &quot;Nosferatu The Vampyre&quot; (the 1979 remake).
B000002IQ9|5.0|&quot;Serious Hits Live&quot; documents Phil Collins' tour for his 1989 album, &quot;But Seriously.&quot; As promised, this live album has Phil performing his biggest hits, including &quot;You Can't Hurry Love,&quot; &quot;Sussudio,&quot; &quot;One More Night,&quot; &quot;Easy Lover,&quot; and &quot;Take Me Home.&quot; Phil proves for all to hear what a dynamic performer he &amp; his band are live in concert. His earth-shattering performance of &quot;In The Air Tonight&quot; alone makes this CD worth getting, but overall this is a fabulous live set. It's Phil's show all the way, and you're invited! Enjoy.
B0000C8AUO|5.0|I may not be the most objective critic right about now, because I just saw David live in Paris on Mon., Oct. 20, and I have to say...WOW!  I listened to &quot;Reality&quot; several times before the show, and liked it, but after hearing him perform several of the songs live, I love it...the sounds are really catchy and contagious, it's the kind of music you can dance to as you do dishes or paint your house (my most recent activities) and yet there's more to it than just the infectious pop style...it's classic Bowie. &quot;New Killer Star&quot; gets in my head and just stays there, making me hum and tap my toes all day long, wherever I am...&quot;She'll Drive the Big Car&quot; turns me on, too...and of course the final &quot;Bring Me the Disco King&quot; is haunting, particularly when you've seen him perform it live...Working with Tony Visconti again does wonders for the man...I am crazy about his 70's material, his 80s material to a much lesser degree, and his 90s material much much less...but &quot;Heathen&quot; resuscitated his strength and &quot;Reality&quot; carries it on through, forward and beyond.  This is a multi-talented genius, one hell of a singer and performer, and who really knows music as well as trends...his defiance of the current trends usually makes his music trendy in the end, because where David goes, his fans follow, and he picks up new ones along the way...One of the greatest things about his concert was the mix of ages there--there were fans of all ages from teenagers to 50-somethings, and everyone loved it.  Bowie is timeless, never fails to astound and is here to stay!  &quot;Reality&quot; proves it...
B0000C0FJB|5.0|The performance is excellent.  It's powerful, moving, captivating, raw and smooth all at the same time. I believe the recording captured the performance pretty much as it happened in front of 40,000 VERY enthusiastic fans.  The sound is, live.  Yes, live.  Remember folks, this is a live album and it's not meant to be perfect or slick like some recordings are made to be in post production.  The mix is not as bad as some people mentioned in other reviews.  Yes, there are a few instances where the drums seem a bit &quot;squashed&quot; when the CD is played at a LOUD volume.  However, the drums are completely audible in the mix and they are clear sounding as well.  <br />I just listened to the DVD last night and it's excellent!  I must admit that the theatre showing of the DVD left me a bit disappointed as the sound quality there was horrible - practically in Mono!  However, the DVD sound quality is great.  I prefer it in &quot;2 Channel&quot; setting as that provides a &quot;frontal assault&quot; but it's really nice in 5.1 to make you feel like you're at the concert.  Note:  When listening to the DVD in 5.1, make sure to set your system up for correct volume and placement of the rear speakers so you don't get too much reverb or delay sound.  <br />Anyways, there's my two cents.<br />E. Lynen<BR>Miami, FL
B00003CXB2|5.0|There's no getting around a simple, basic truth: watching Lawrence of Arabia in any home-video format isn't doing the film any justice, but to see it projected in 70 millimeter onto a huge theater screen is the only way to give this film it's just rewards. David Lean's masterful &quot;desert classic&quot; is still enjoyable on the small screen. Peter O'Toole gives a star-making performance as T.E. Lawrence, the eccentric British officer who united the desert tribes of Arabia against the Turks during World War I. Lean orchestrates sweeping battle sequences and breathtaking action, but the film is really about the adventures and trials that transform Lawrence into a legendary man of the desert. Lean traces this transformation on a vast canvas of awesome physicality; no other movie has captured the expanse of the desert with such scope and grandeur. Equally important is the psychology of Lawrence, who remains an enigma even as we grasp his identification with the desert. Perhaps the greatest triumph of this landmark film is that Lean has conveyed the romance, danger, and allure of the desert with such physical and emotional power. It's a film about a man who leads one life but is irresistibly drawn to another, where his greatness and mystery are allowed to flourish in equal measure. As for the DVD tranfer, I'd have to say that I've only seen the DVD version of the film, so I can't make comparisons, but I think that the transfer is perfect. Great film, a definite must see!
B000002UVX|5.0|I know that most casual Hendrix listeners identify him with pop hits like Foxey Lady, Hey Joe, and Purple Haze. The confusing thing to me is that these folks may not have &quot;experienced&quot; Hendrix in a true and free state of excellence, but still claim him as their guitar &quot;God&quot; (...sorry Eric, but you will have to settle for Saint-hood...or even a mere mortal alter boy). This Band of Gypsies recording is a must-have for the Hendrix continuing-ed student, as well as for any 20 or 30 something who thinks that Billy Corgan is God's gift to unearthly six string sounds. Just listen to what are perhaps the two most amazing guitar notes EVER recorded - on Machine Gun - you won't miss them. Hendrix was an amazing painter of landscapes (and the occasional portrait), filtered through his own imagination - facination, and frustration . His heart, soul, and instrument were his oil and brush. His mind - and his listener's collective minds - were the canvas. If you only listen to the radio, then you do not &quot;know&quot; Hendrix music. Oh, yeah, since Hendrix was a &quot;painter,&quot; consider all those radio hits the equivalent of house painting to pay the bills. This recording will set you on your way to owning the musical versions of the finest Monet, Degas, Dali, and even Jackson Pollack - all rolled into one. If you think you like Hendrix, and do not like this recording...there is no hope for you...go back to your boring FM formatted existence and wait to be spoon-fed by what some fat-ass white guy in an Armani suit in New York thinks you need to hear to make all the big radio ad companies flush. Now click &quot;Buy It&quot; and thank me later.
0689859368|4.0|Overall this book was a good read. My main complaint is that with all the wonderful artwork, there is little room left for story. Overall I read this quickly in one sitting, guessing that there may have been somewhere between 30 and 50 pages of text (and small pages at that). Don't get me wrong, the artwork is great, but I would rather have had a more meaty story and less things to look at. And I did enjoy the book, and have bought the other two books already.
B0000C0FJB|5.0|All I know is that this performance is COLOSSAL!  Yes, these 40,000 Brazilian fans are cheering for the band.  Yes this performance took place in a huge, open-air soccer stadium.  Yes, Geddy's vocals weren't immediately in perfect balance with the cacophany of sound coming from the stage and from the audience.  This &quot;problem&quot; was cleared up by the third or forth song.  Yes...folks...this is a live album.  It sounds like a live album!  I don't know what these nit-pickers are on about!!  This CD/DVD CRANKS!  It's Rush and Rush ROCKS!  What more do you want?  I feel like I'm taking crazy pills!!  Don't listen to these negative-nellys.  I can't figure out what the heck they are talking about.  Rush In Rio is an amazing Rock And Roll document!  Play it loud and enjoy!  It's as simple as that!
B000002O51|5.0|This is a Magnificent album like its predecessors Boston and Don't Look Back were! You can't beat songs like Cancha Say You Beleive In Me, Cool The Engines, We're Ready, Amanda, or A Man I'll Never Be! This is a masterpiece of a Rock'N'Roll album and should be one of the greatest albums of all time along with their Self Titled Debut!
0684800713|5.0|Books come and go, but some stay.  The 'Sun Also Rises' is really a magnificent piece of literature.  The main characters, Jake and Brett spin you through their world of expatriate excess in post-WWI France and Spain.  Reading this book makes me want to travel Europe without a care in the world.  This seems to have some similarities to the themes touched on in a later work by Kerouac, 'On the Road.'  Although much more polite, this book is a great look into the 'lost generation' and how the cool crowd functioned in early 20th century Europe.  The descriptions of trout fishing and the bullfights in Spain are as vivid as any you will find.  This is a true masterpiece.<br />A<br />Joseph Dworak
B0000025C0|5.0|Another masterpiece from the 70's Supergroup Boston!! You just can't get enough of Don't Look Back and Feelin' Satisfied!!! This is also one of the greatest albums in rock'n'roll history!!!!!!
B000068G9X|4.0|I've never been much of a Misfits fan, but having heard a few songs from them, I can honestly say that this eponymous band of Glenn Danzig, the singer of that famous punk rock group, is far better. I've been getting into Danzig's for a few months now, buying each album in order to hear the progression they've made. And indeed, with each album, they get better and better (so far, DANZIG III: HOW THE GODS KILL is the best - review to come!). Here, this album is a little rough around the edges, but it is undeniably a great piece of laid-back hard rock.<br />Glenn Danzig is a very talented singer. He has a powerful voice that carries a sort of Mississippi Delta/New Orleans twang, which complements the bluesy feel to the songs. He's an interesting, if not original, songwriter, most of the songs seeming to gloat how he is evil in one way or another, but with a sort of smirking, sexual, yet altogether tongue-in-cheek crooning. It's like Elvis Presley and Jim Morrison meet Christopher Lee...if that makes any sense.<br />The riffs and patterns are simple, the subject matter dark and somewhat silly, but this is very good stuff from a fairly straightforward hard rock band. There is a distinctly bluesy feel to the album and many of the songs. Take, for instance, \\"Twist of Cain.\\" Such a simple and repetitive song, but I'll be damned if it isn't catchy (\\"Yea, twist of Cain, yeah, drives my brain, yea...\\" - with the blues rhythm and voice, how can that NOT be catchy?!). Also, \\"She Rides\\" is especially bluesy. And of course, there's the now-classic hit \\"Mother\\" (which would not gain fame until 1993), with its brief but dazzling solos and, of course, catchy chorus. Just about every song on here is catchy.<br />In some ways this particular Danzig album reminds me of the Doors (a la the crooning) and AC/DC (the bluesy but heavy rock). However, unlike the latter band, most of Danzig's songs aren't clones of one another.<br />This is a terrific album.  It's catchy and fun; evil at its best.
B000002572|5.0|This is what Rock'n'Roll is and should be, this album defines the 70's and is an important part in rock'n'roll history! Every single song on here is great! The only weak track on here is &quot;Hitch A Ride&quot;, but the rest kick major ass! Boston  definently belongs in the Rock'n'Roll Hall Of Fame for being one of the greatest bands in music history!!!!!! The best track on here is in my opinion &quot;Something About You&quot;!!!
B0000C0FJB|1.0|Ah, Rush... what have you done? I can hear behind the horrible recording, your artistry; which seems to me to be perfect.<br />This is not unlike trying to watch dirty movies on a scrambled station...<br />Great sets, but if you want a live album, try &quot;Different Stages&quot;<br />So disappointed!
B00006LI4S|5.0|If you don't buy this DVD you lack all ability to truly define a beautiful honest performance. Amust view with 5.1 or better. And if you own better than 5.1 invite me over, Enjoy
0688156819|5.0|This is one great book. All the stories are fun and amusing, the only bad thing about it is that it is pretty short. Some stories are only four lines long, although when you read them you realize that they are best the way they are. <BR>Buy this book, but dont think it will take more than perhaps 12 minutes to finish (although youll have great fun during all those minutes).<br />P.S. Sorry about my bad English.
B000067CPX|5.0|I would have to completely disagree with anyone in the right mind who thinks that the RED HOT'S new Album, BY THE WAY, is awful. You must be joking me. Although this album is very different in style and lyrics then their old albums, its still protrayed as PHENOMINAL. So what if in this album its not all about sex, drugs, alcohol and partying.The RED HOT CHILI PEPPERS have reached a new level of understanding and in their lyrics it proves them right. This album shows such a flow of emotion and feeling that not one person wouldn't understand. The way Anthony sings these lyrics takes you to a whole new level and he shows that life is not just about partying and getting laid. Of course the music sounds different but who wants to stay the same? who doesn't want to give change a try? this album shows the more sensitive side of the band and how they have grown up and have shown that. things today are not the same as they were in the 80's. yeah, their past albums have been amazing but BY THE WAY is nothing less then their old ones. After i got this Album i couldn't stop listening to it for days. Its probably one of my favorite albums by them. AND THEY ARE NOT SELL-OUTS. just because people like their music and buy many of thier cd's just proves how good they really are and doesn't mean that they are sell-outs. OBVIOUSLY if they are liked, people are going to go out and buy their work! I don't care if they're popular or not, i will still like them no matter what. They are a breath-taking band and will always be to me!
0385493622|4.0|For someone like me who fantasizes about being Werner Heisenberg's girlfriend, this book is like a lurid skin rag for propeller-heads.  There's plenty of photographs of various mathematical geniuses, staring back at me with looks you could spread on a gap in logic.  I think about getting behind those \\"windows to the soul\\", said soul being guarded by some sort of bouncer-brain that won't let anything (except me!) past the barbed-wire snarl of mathematical formulae.  <br />Singh does a good Public Television Digest version (of a BBC Television and subsequent PBS Nova series presentation) of the history of the conquest of the \\"the word's greatest mathematical problem\\", Fermat's Theorem.  We are spared the shot of seeing a young Pythagoras eyeing a shaft of sunlight forming a right triangle with a Doric column or an older Fermat devising a Grand Unified Theory of cryptic margin notes.  Yet, we get enough background information to make Andrew Wiles' solution discovery a Triumph of the Sages.<br />Reading the \\"Mathematics for the Lumpen Masses\\" presented in the appendices was also enjoyable, like reading recipes and knowing how the dish tastes.  And Singh does a fairly good job explaining the solution to Fermat's Theorem, such that I can almost understand it, like tasting the numbers, making this the most delicious mathematics I never ate.
B0000B1OFL|4.0|Sure this movie may have borrowed some technigues used elsewhere but it comes together as a caper adventure film unlike any others. Wahlberg and Norton are fantastic and the rest of the supporting cast are super.<br /><br />I was disappointed that Donald Sutherland's role was so brief, but even so he is quite effective. The story line of revenge is only marginally contrived but the director brings us around to his way of thinking. He sets us right with the incredible precision heist mechanics and the wonderful chase scenes and of course the cute Mini Coopers.<br /><br />Any fan of good remakes of older heist movies with above average acting like &quot;Oceans Eleven&quot; and &quot;The Thomas Crown Affair&quot; should love it.<br /><br />The DVD quality is unsurpassed and all the extras including a making of documentary and the Mini Cooper stunts make it well worth owning.
B0000AZJXQ|5.0|...because &quot;Thirteenth Step&quot; is damn near perfect.  This presents an interesting dilemma to my self-appointed status as a critc/fan, since I usually play the part of the bitter crank who addresses the faults other people tend to gloss over, and I hardly ever give 5-star reviews.  Yet last night, after listening to TS on headphones in an isolated place, I hit the repeat button and listened to it again...every tiny nuance, every subtle word, every venomous chorus resonated with such confident force that my spinal cord seemed to be coiling up in fear.  Imagine how it must feel to ride on a huge tidal wave that just carries you along and never crashes into the shoreline; then imagine being wrongfully sentenced to death as the judge slams down his gavel--this sums up the rollercoaster ride of &quot;Thirteenth Step&quot;; there are sharp turns, lazy &amp; elegant lulls, and steep hills to be dealt with...and, so brilliantly, it's executed with a balanced musicianship that makes it one of the best albums I've heard, ever (and I realize I'm probably repeating the sentiments of a million TOOL sheep out there).  I found myself thinking, over and over again: &quot;This is what 'The Fragile' should have been&quot;; the range of emotions explored on TS is astouding and effective (and the frequent juxtaposition of harshness and beauty works incredibly well, as in 'Crimes' and 'The Nurse Who Loved Me'), and Maynard has blossomed into an articulate and seductive frontman with a knack for clever wordplay (who else would turn a halo into a noose?) and an equally compelling vocal range.  &quot;Thirteenth Step&quot; has its share of unpredictable surprises, beginning with the authentic desperation and despair of 'The Package' (the 7-minute opening track), to the 1920s string arrangement of 'The Nurse Who Loved Me', and culminating in a powerful anti-war diatribe called 'Pet', which is as good as anything Dylan wrote at the height of his career.  The addition of former Marilyn Manson bassist Twiggy also helps take A Perfect Circle into a more diverse direction.  I should mention that &quot;Mer De Noms&quot; did not shake my aural universe--I found it to be a well-done album, both musically and lyrically, but nothing special; therefore you can imagine how neutral (actually non-existent) my expectations were for &quot;Thirteenth Step,&quot; and how shocked I was when I let it take hold--this is an intelligent, musically diverse, and genuinely haunting masterpiece.Manson bassist Twiggy also helps take A Perfect Circle into a more diverse direction.  I should mention that &quot;Mer De Noms&quot; did not shake my aural universe--I found it to be a well-done album, both musically and lyrically, but nothing special; therefore you can imagine how neutral (actually non-existent) my expectations were for &quot;Thirteenth Step,&quot; and how shocked I was when I let it take hold--this is an intelligent, musically diverse, and genuinely haunting masterpiece.
B0000AXE8I|4.0|I'm not sure I understand the confusion and disappointment expressed by some. As in most trilogies the second movie is often dark and does not reveal all the answers. Look at The Empire Strikes Back, Back to the Future 2, Temple of Doom, Two Towers, or most second films in trilogies.<br /><br />Here we find Neo is torn by a personal conflict about Trinity and a vision he has of what will happen to her. When he meets various programmers he begins to understand the complexities and consequences of the programs on the matrix. When he finally meets the creator of the matrix he must decide if he will save the people of Zion or Trinity.<br /><br />Any fan of SciFi movies should enjoy this movie. The character development may not be as deep as the first movie but the story development is the key here and takes some close examination to follow.<br /><br />I think the movie did a good job of preparing us for the final conflict that will take place in the third movie being released November 11th. The DVD has sharp picture and sound and a number of extras including commentary, documentary and more.
B0000DG00B|5.0|As good as it gets. You won't believe the intensity of the jamming - never a cliched lick.  Every band member and guest just rips it up start to finish. This is the prototype for the Allman's today who still pump it out show after show, but nothing beats the original vision of Duane Allman. That slide blows me away every time I hear it. On their web  site they have two other recently released gems from this era.
630542828X|5.0|No, this film is not &quot;based on a true story&quot; or the cringe-inducing &quot;inspired by a true story&quot; (the latter which can mean anything, and usually does)--the fact is, this film IS a true story.  It is the true story of how a materialistic personal injury lawyer pursues a noble yet unwieldly case, at the cost of all the materialistic benefits that he had spent his entire career in creating for himself. <br />Yes, this case really did exist.  Yes, there really was (and still is) a lawyer named Jan Schlichtmann (as portrayed by Travolta), who really did pursue this case against two large corporations, Beatrice and W.R. Grace (both named in the movie), who really did illegally dump pollutants in a neighborhood somewhere in Massachusetts, and which really did cause the deaths of 12 children from leukemia.  Yes, Mr. Schlichtmann really DID comment cynically when he was first presented with the case, &quot;I really don't see the value in a bunch of dead babies.&quot;  There really was a corporate defense attorney named Jerome Facher (as portrayed by Duvall) who played this case as if constantly hedging his bets at a Vegas casino poker table.  And so on...you get the idea.  <br />This film is brutally honest, names names, pulls no punches...and forgoes the typical, traditional Hollywood-style happy ending for one that is completely real, unfabricated, and ultimately satisfying in the realization that, it too, is real.  That doesn't mean that it is emotionally unsatisfying.  After all, after investing nearly two hours with this case, and these characters, about which we grow to care completely (especially because we know they're real), this film does provide the payoff in the end.  I just won't tell you which one; you have to see this brilliant film in order to find out. <br />This film proves, for once and for all, that the truth really is stranger than fiction!<br />MOST RECOMMENDED
B0000AFQS0|5.0|By now you are probably used to putting a DVD in and grabbing a brew or something to avoid having to watch the \\"hey, they disabled the fast forward button\\" pre-film junk. This is not one of those films.  There is no \\"other shows you're sure to enjoy\\" on this DVD.  There is, however, an incredible new pre-beginning that starts about ten seconds after the DVD door closes.    This is one of the best Rock documentaries ever made. It is a jumble out of sequence that somehow works.
0688163173|5.0|After finishing it two weeks ago, I still think about it.  Is there anyway to know what Mr. Lehane intended as the true ending?<br />Mr. Lehane has, in my opinion, created the perfect mystery. I would like to thank him for leaving me with the question of what the truth is. Is it what we are told? Or is it something else....
B00005QHPQ|5.0|Enrique's album &quot;Escape&quot; is one of his best albums. His songs are so meaningful. All the songs in this album are rated &quot;A&quot; number one. This is one of the only album with all 13 tracks I listen to everyday. Rarely would you find someone liking ALL the songs, but this one is it!
B000068FUS|3.0|Before buying this album I had never heard of DBT except for a small article in a newspaper. It compared them to the great southern rock bands of the 70's. That was and still is one of my favorite styles of music. And it doesn't seem like anybody makes that style of music anymore --- until now. Sort of.<br />This 2 CD set reminds me of that time but definitely IMO, adds a somewhat \\"punk attitude\\", in the sense that the band doesn't seem to care what you think of them. And some of the lyrics are a little \\"edgy\\".<br />Ok, on to the music itself. All I can say is that it is a good thing that I gave these cds more than one listen. At first I just wasn't too impressed. On a few of the songs the lyrics are stuck in the mud, somewhat drowned out by the instruments. And some of the \\"songs\\" are just spoken words with music. Finally, there isn't a good \\"singer\\" among the entire band as far as I can tell. <br />I almost didn't give it another listen and was lamenting the loss of $17. But then I did listen again. And it grew on me. I don't know why; it just did. Then I listened a third time and liked it even more.......<br />So, while I still see the flaws of this album, I certainly have grown to accept them. Is it the southern rock of the 70's style? Nope, not even close. Is it as good as the 70's southern rock? Maybe. I'll have to see if it continues to \\"grow\\" on me.
B0000AXE8I|3.0|Full of plot thickening, less character development, and EXTRA LONG Action scenes.  Scenes that are so long, you realize you have time to pop a bag of popcorn and use the bathroom before the scene is anywhere near being over.<br />The story adds a lot of &quot;what if....&quot; theories for viewers, but definitely leaves me wanting to see the 3rd movie.<br />Not a good as the first... like I said, a typical middle movie.
B000059T1G|5.0|Who can forget that Medicated Goo we used and the great times we had in the Shanghi Noodle Factory! Stevie Winwoods Pipes and Screaming guitar make me wish I was still there and they were still here. The best of their albums!
B00000K3D4|5.0|I love this movie! I must have watched a hundred times. I like the fact that it was funny, sad and wierd all at the same time. I grew up on this movie in the eighties and till this day I still crave to watch, especially David Bowie as he is as hot as he ever has been. I like how realistic some of the puppets were. Watching it on dvd is alot nicer than a vhs. The plot of the movie kept me wanting to know what happened next. I personally belive that the movie fell together perfectly. The end of the movie turned out to be not what I thought it would be. It was better! I love happy endings and I love the Labryinth.
0553212737|5.0|Lovable Emma Woodhouse, Pretty, bright, and rich, not to mention a little mischievious. Since she has lived nearly twenty-one years with very little to distress or vex her, carefree Emma spends her time match-making for her friends. But when she undertakes the office of matching pretty, but not very bright Harriet Smith with the local Vicar she gets more than she bargains for.<BR> <BR> The characters are rich and consistent, and Austen again gives us, the ridiculous; mr. woodhouse, Miss Bates. The scoundrel who pretends to be an angel of light;Frank Churchill. The concerned friends; Mrs. Weston, Mr. knightly. Then there is Emma, who belongs in a class of her own. She is the most fortunate, yet the most flawed Austen heroine, which flaws only endear her all the more. And in the end they pay off, when she falls in love with someone as imperfect as herself.<br /> The language and diolouge are as shining, bright, and charming as the characters themselves. Overall this novel can do nothing but please, just as Austen's novels before and after Emma show. A must-read for Austen fans.
B0000AXE8I|3.0|This movie was kind of an \\"Empire Strikes Back\\" for the Matrix Trilogy. In fact, I think the Matrix is the Star Wars of our generation, but that's another matter. Neo continues fighting new enemies, including the upgraded Agent Smith, who can duplicate himself. Another new pair of villains were the Twins, which were my personal favorite. In fact, the entire car chase was the best scene in the movie.<BR>So Neo, in love with Trinity, has to decide between his romantic love for her and mankind, and his decision leaves the ending in a cliffhanger, forcing us to digest the third installment of the series. <BR>Although the plot was OKAY, there were some problems:<BR>Bullet time was great when it came out. Now it's so cliche and milked of all its originality that when the people who created it return with Matrix Reloaded, it's, well, boring. The sad part is, it's not the Wachowski brothers' fault. <BR>So they tried to make this one a little special by cramming LOTS of philosophy in it, which I personally did not understand or care for. I doubt even if I understood, their ridiculously long speeches would amount to much.<BR>Another problem the movie has is, now that Neo is \\"The One\\", he can do anything. Nothing can stop him. So there's no challenge in the fight, no thrill of the hunt, no edge-of-your-seat action that I loved about the first one.(This is what made the fight against 100 Agent Smiths too generic)<BR>This was one of those movies that you just say \\"eh\\" to. Nothing horrible, just didn't meet your expectations. Sadly, nothing spectacular. Let's just hope the Wachowskis are clever enough to introduce something ENTIRELY new in \\"Revolution\\"...
B000084T18|3.0|I won't lay claim to being an expert in Rap music, but I've listened to my fair share, and 50 Cent's effort on this album is just decent. Somewhat harder to understand than most rappers, his sound is not fresh. The rythyms are pretty good, the rhymes mediocre. Some good guests present here (Nate Dogg, Eminem) but nothing about the album is really memorable. I'll listen to this occasionally but it won't be part of my normal rotation. His gangsta life is evident in the lyrics that are understandable. Oh well, what's next..?
B00005JKZV|5.0|This movie is one of those where you don't really have to say, &quot;But that's not how it was in the book!&quot; Why? Because Tolkien's Lord of the Rings works for literature perfectly. But when it comes to film, a few adjustments must be made. And that's what Peter Jackson did, and rather well in my opinion. Still, the essence of Tolkien's epic, the despair of Theoden, the valor of Aragorn, Legolas, and Gimli, the shrewdness of Wormtongue, are all portrayed in the film. And that's what counts.   <br />The action was again good, but it doesn't get great until the end with the battle at Helm's Deep. It also mixes in a little humor, even though the movie in general is very dark and depressing. <BR>Another thing I might point out was the excellent scene where Gollum debates with himself, and using different camera angles, it actually seems as if there are two Gollums yelling at each other. What I liked was that you feel such sympathy for the poor wretched creature. <BR>But the best part was definitely the finaly 45 or so minutes. Where 10,000 orcs besiege Helm's Deep, and all seems lost, and the Ents march on bravely to destroy Isengard, and Frodo is an inch away from losing the ring to dark forces, they are all victorious. And in a speech where Sam pretty much sums up the theme of the movie and there are scenes shown of the good guys coming out victorious despite all the odds against them, you feel so inspired that you want to get up and do something since &quot;there is good in the world, and it's worth fighting for.&quot;<br />I'm definitely seeing Return of the King.
B00005LB50|4.0|I don't understand Neil Young's choices for the box set, especially some of the duller demos and the many repeated stereo tracks (I appreciate having the mono version of their first album).  But the best stuff on here as about as good as it gets for 60's pop.  Young was brilliant from the start and evidently felt unappreciated.  But the revelation on this set is a quartet of Stills demos (&quot;So You got a Lover&quot;, &quot;My Angel&quot;, &quot;Hung Upside Down&quot;, and &quot;Four Days Gone&quot;), every bit as breathtaking as those George Harrison numbers on Beatle Anthology 3.  Also thoroughly enjoyed Young's &quot;One More Sign&quot; and &quot;Falcon Lake&quot;.   Furay was a terrific singer, foreground or background, and Palmer was an innovator on bass right up there with contemporaries McCartney and Entwhistle.  Lots of great music in this box.
B000002MIY|5.0|If you have taken the time to actually search Kamakiriad you should just get it - so few have found it. If you need someone to convince you that you will like it, just move on - I doubt you will have the patience to discover it. Fagen writes juicy frameworks of short stories with the details - you fill in the big picture. Kamakiriad has individual songs but there is an overlying &quot;theme&quot; to the album - in my listening over the decade since its release it has become one of my top few favorite all-timers - unlike so many albums, the jazz/pop mix never gets old -in fact I find it constantly refreshing, entertaining, and new sounding - a true test of any worthwhile music. Similar pleasures can be found in much of Fagen's Steely Dan work and his only other solo album (to date) 1982's &quot;The Nightfly&quot;. Welcome - Enjoy!
B00005JLZN|4.0|What &quot;Dead Man Walking&quot; accomplished at an emotional level, &quot;The Life of David Gale&quot; accomplishes in its message and plot. No it isn't one of the great movies of all time, but it certainly isn't the horribly bad movie that I imagined after reading the reviews on this site.<br />It is a sly take on capital punishment, as you probably know already. It will hold your interest right through to its twisted end, which is pretty much what entertainment is to me.<br />Having said that, I did find the characters a little cliched --<br />(1) the alcoholic and dissolute but &quot;genius&quot; professor<br />(2) the emotional, crusading activist<br />(3) the plucky, assertive reporter<br />(4) the good-old-boy country lawyer<br />(5) the well-groomed but brainless governor<br />(6) the oh-so-quiet texan mystery man<br />The movie has its moments, and although the &quot;big explosive ending&quot; was not exactly opaque to me, it did make me think for a couple of days after the movie. That cannot be bad. Definitely worth a watch!
B00001QEE7|5.0|Probably one of the best disney animated soundtracks of all time and a great fun filled adventure that everyone can enjoy.  From silly shark attacks, to the evil witch ursula, this movie is a must have in all movie libraries.  <BR><BR>About a 16 year old mermaid who has aspirations of becoming human, disobeys her fathers commands, and seeks out the evil witch Ursula to help her in her transformation to becoming a human.  After being changed into a human, she falls in love with a prince and has three days to find the meaning of ture love otherwise she belongs to Ursula.  Ariel becomes a victim of every day life situations where she must decide what is more important, her dreams, or her life. <BR><BR>With characters like Flounder, Sebastian, Scuttle, King Triton, Ariel, Eric, and Ursula, you are in for an amphibious adventure of awesome animation.
B00009ATIX|1.0|Throughout this entire film, the actors just STARED at each other.  Nobody answered any damn questions, they just STARED.  Nobody conversed - THEY JUST STARED.  That's all this was.  Staring.  And George Clooney's naked ass.  Hardly worth it.
0316666343|3.0|Alice Sebold's The Lovely Bones has been on the New York Times Bestseller List in hardcover for close to 2 years.  I wanted to see what the big deal was.  Having finished the book, I still don't know what the book's mass appeal is about.<br />Don't get me wrong: Sebold knows how to turn a well-crafted sentence. She's brilliant here and there.  And she has a good grasp of capturing and showing painful human emotions and the slow, sorry slide into oblivion that a family often makes after a tragedy like the rape and murder of Susie Salmon, the story's narrator.  But for this reader, the book was ultimately unsatisfying. The cord running throughout the entire book, in my mind at least, was \\"how are they going to figure out who killed Susie, and when?\\" That's why I kept reading.  I kept waiting for it to happen.<br />But I had no closure.  Near the end (warning: spoiler), Susie breaks through to the other side and what does she do?  Years after her death, what does Susie want?  Does she seize a rare opportunity to tell who killed her, where her body is buried, and where the killer is?  She could; Susie is the standard omniscient narrator.  But she doesn't.  She uses her One Big Chance to get laid by her first almost-love. Oddly, that event gives some closure, as if to say it's okay that the killer got away if the victim is &quot;over it.&quot; But for me, the ending was a disappointment. There was no justice, no meaningful irony.  There was irony, but it was too neat, almost trite, I'd say.<br />The daily news is filled with stories of women and children who are brutally murdered by perpetrators who are never found. I understand Alice Sebold was a rape victim herself and told her story in her first book, \\"Lucky,\\" said to be so named because the police told her she was \\"lucky\\" to be alive, because another woman had been raped and murdered in the exact place where she was attacked. Alice knows the real deal because she's lived through it.  But I was hoping, right up until the end, that the cops (who get so close) were going to catch Susie's murderer. Who knows? Maybe Alice was telling the story of the woman who was killed where she was raped. Maybe he got away, too.<br />I'm glad I read The Lovely Bones, but I felt cheated at the end.  If I died and went to a heaven like Susie's, I'd be one angry ghost.  I'd come back and kill the murderer myself, just for banishing me to such a lackluster eternity. Maybe readers felt better about Susie's death, given the ending of the story.  Not this reader. This work of fiction had an ending that read too much like real life for me.the end, that the cops (who get so close) were going to catch Susie's murderer. Who knows? Maybe Alice was telling the story of the woman who was killed where she was raped. Maybe he got away, too.<br />I'm glad I read The Lovely Bones, but I felt cheated at the end.  If I died and went to a heaven like Susie's, I'd be one angry ghost.  I'd come back and kill the murderer myself, just for banishing me to such a lackluster eternity. Maybe readers felt better about Susie's death, given the ending of the story.  Not this reader. This work of fiction had an ending that read too much like real life for me.
0385504209|3.0|This book came highly recommended to me by many friends whose literary tastes I really respect.  It is a good read for a beach day and it is mostly enjoyable with that perspective. However, there are many serious flaws in the book that worry me. First, it is very hard to distinguish fact from fiction for the un-initiated in Da Vinci's work, religious sects, etc.  It can lead to dangerous conclusions in people that &quot;read but don't question&quot; modern fiction.  Second, I found the book annoying at times in its use of simplistic language. Its' stupid comnments (mostly Langdon's thoughts) insult the average intellect and cheapen the book.  Who cannot read the part about Langdon wondering if the inside of the Zurich Depository was &quot;decorated by Allied Steel&quot; and feel how senseless and idiotic that thought is?  The story line is entertaining and thought-provoking but no more than the average thriller out there.  One good outcome, at least for me, is the desire to search for the historical truth regarding all the controversial subjects presented and come to my own informed conclusions.
B00009TB5G|5.0|I am not a Lord of the rings fanatic, by any means. Nor am I much into fantasy novels, though I have read a few I liked. Yet I do enjoy movies like Willow or say Legend. So take into account that mine is the oppinion of an average person, and not someone who grew up with the books.<br />I found the first lord of the rings to be much less than I expected. Less action, less drama, and more time. It was long drawn out, and lacking in several areas. Now with the second movie from the trilogy, what we get is everything the first should have had and some more.<br />I have heard some oppinions that the two towers wasnt as good as the first, and had less action. Im no expert, but I found the exact opposite to be true. To me it seemed the first Lord of the Rings was merely setting the stage for the rest of the trilogy. Now with the second installment we are treated to much deeper character development and a much more involved plot. I also felt there was a lot more action too, as well as a much more epic scope and feel. The entire last hour of the movie is combat and action, as the Human and elvish forces attempt to hold out against a castle siege against grim odds (an army of 10,000 orcs!). The battle scenes are awesome and spectacular with lots of special effects and a massive feel. These will often leave you on the edge of your seat and were really well done.<br />In addition there is a much more dramatic, almost biblical feel to the movie. The characters such as Gollem (sp?) give outstanding perfomances and a few emotional and interesting moments that give the movie multiple dimensions and much more depth. The plot too will continue to thicken and because we are already somewhat familiar with the characters and world of middle earth - there is more room for develpoment here. While the Two Towers is even longer than the first Lord of the Rings, it doesn't feel as long because of the wider use of action, and a much more robust use of drama. Even the diologue feels much deeper and epic (for lack of a better word).<br />The visuals in the movie too, are completely off the hook. Breath taking scenery is omnipresent, and adds not only a wide girth of asthetic appeal, but also serves to bolster the more epic scope. The gorgeous special effects are also typically well done, and there is much more to be seen here than in the first.<br />I may not be able to compare the series to the books, but from my perspective the two towers was a much more enjoyable and a much deeper experience than the first. The best fantasy adventure movie since Willow.
B0000E65V9|5.0|First of all, let me make myself clear, all you cry babies complaining on what should be on this CD or shouldn't: please stop crying.<br />If you bought lousy soundtracks and compilations why is it a problem to fork out 35 bucks for 3 disc of Springsteen material including 12 never in this form released tracks. people always want more more more. It's a bonus, it's &quot;essentially&quot; FREE (...)<br />And you get all this stuff in excellent quality so what's the problem.<br />NOw back to this masterpiece. All tracks are digitally remastered and sound PERFECT, way better than the originals so that makes it a guaranteed buy for me, that is. <br />The bonus disc is a feast for every TRUE ROCKER, Held Up Without A Gun (NYC 31/12/1980) is a true gem. Trapped is jaw dropping, allthoughthis is not a 1981 version but the Band Aid Compilation 1984 BITUSA version. County Fair is a great version (surpasses the Lost MAsters Version for all you bootleggers, obviously some touch up, re-recording!). None But The Brave is a long lost original and is stunning, a true masterpiece this track already makes this purchase worth the bucks. The Springsteen Joe Grushecky penned Code Of Silence from the 2000 NYC MSG shows is great and another masterpiece that should had found its way onto The Rising. Counting on a Miracle is a great acoustic rendetion of this Rising hit. Many of you will recognize it from hearing it while you left a stadium this past summer as it was played after each concert accompanied by a black and white, Brilliant Disguise style video. Dead Man Walking is an amazing Tom Joad outtake used for Sean Penn's movie, Viva Las Veags is a treu rocker that was done on several occassions during the Rising tour and was not recorded with the E-street band. Missing is not my thing and should not be mixed up with the excellent You're Missing from Bruce's multi platinum platter THE RISING!<br />Well, this is a short summary of the contents of especially disc 3 and there's more on it,just wait and see.<br />Don't be disturbed by bootleggers who just always want that OTHER rare thing but enjoy what's here, as it's good!!!
B0000AYJXR|4.0|I've seen the movie and think that its an ok movie to see, if u want a movie that u can see with your kids and not be worried about seeing anything that would be innapropriate for them.  If u want a movie that the whole family can see i recommend this one.  Also does anyone know if the dvd contains R. Kelly's music video &quot;I Believe I Can Fly&quot;.
0385504209|3.0|I enjoyed this novel and it does qualify as a &quot;page turner.&quot;  The plot is certainly more intriquing and original than most mystery fiction.  But the characters are straight from central casting and one does get the feeling the book was written with a definite eye towards selling the movie rights.  A high-brow plot, but written for the masses.  Doesn't deserve the hype, but not a bad read.
B00005JLEU|4.0|Ok, funny title, I'll admit!!<BR>Miyazaki has to be the anime giant of all time. He is a God of anime. If you haven't seen any of his movies, drop everything at once, and go to the nearest video rental to get them. <BR>Spirited Away is the story of a little girl who finds herself in the land of the spirits. To save her parents, she must work at the bathhouse, owned by the sorceress Yubabba. Disney fans will recegnize some familiar voices in this movie. Chihiro is played by the voice actress of Lilo, in Lilo and Stitch, and Kamajii, the boiler man, was Belle's father in Beauty and the Beast. <BR>Typical of Miyazaki's movies, Spirited Away sucks you into the beautiful story before you even realize it. The scenes are gorgeous, the music whimsical, the characters realistic. This is a classic, one that can be watched by the whole family. Disney did a smart thing choosing to release these films in North America.<BR>This movie only gets a 4 out of 5 on my rating, because, though I loved it and have watched it repeatedly, it's not my favourite. Princess Mononoke is, an older movie, for an older audience. If I could have rated it as a 4.5, I would have. You'll be 'spirited away' by this movie, before you even know what hit you.
B00000JCOV|5.0|Katherine Turman claims that Yet Slipknot are no Insane Clown Posse, using hyperbole to mask a lack of talent, she is obviously some hypocritical morn that doesnt understand anything. Slipknot is a bunch of actors screaming into the mike they are no better than any other band that plays with masks i like icp and slipknot but Katherine Turman can suck it!!!!
B0000CABBW|5.0|This film starts out unspeakably slow, but stick with it... i have never been so inspired and touched in my life than about this movie. Whale Rider explores race, religion, sexuality, culture, gender issues, family, loss, and love. But somehow the social issues are perfectly approached, not over-powering, and met with a understanding and realistic eye. The director, Niki Caro, has done such a remarkable job portraying the wide range of emotions capable of human beings. And I must say, the cinematographer of this film deserves a cookie. Most of all I came out of Whale Rider with hope, joy, and clarity. An absolute must see for anyone who appreciates art and beauty.
B00000K19E|5.0|Dude! This is the friggin Matrix! This movie kicks everyone's butt and you know it! The best movie ever! The sequels are crap but just like Neo this is &quot;The One&quot;. So buy it now before you get a spanking! BONG!
B0000AQVCL|5.0|And what's wrong with that....I wish AC/DC still made records like this. This cd is a mixture of ballads and foot-on-the floor rockers. We need more bands like this please.
B0000C4GQV|5.0|All i can say is thank god.This CD flat out rocks JUST the way Burn my Eye's did(does).Very similar production..almost identical..best riffs i've heard from them maybe thus far.Much more complex and well though out songs..and structures...and yes believe it or not some SOLO'S.And yes im a MH old school fan and i'm very pleased for once.So take a listen and rock on.
B0000013GT|5.0|I can't even put into words the effect this music has on my mind, body, and soul.  This album will take you to a new level of sensual experience.  You will see beats and smell flow.  Words are used like paint - Picasso never put anything to canvas so deftly.
B00005JLTN|4.0|La pel&iacute;cula me gust&oacute;, los efectos de la carretera son excelentes. La versi&oacute;n en DVD es bastante buena, solo que el disco de speacial features no tiene subt&iacute;tulos en espa&ntilde;ol, lo cual me parece un error de marketing o una discriminaci&oacute;n hacia la gente de habla hispana.
B00005JLIU|5.0|I will always think that this film is one of Julie Andrews' best works.  Great acting, great singing and a very hilarious score, what more could you want?  Some funny un-politically correct bits in this but we have to remember that this is a spoof of a 20's musical.  <br />I think this is a must for any fan of musical comedies.
0790729369|5.0|I too am a heterosexual man who loves this movie.  I didn't see it for the first time until years after it left theaters.  It never appealed to me before then.  I thought &quot;Oh my.  A very old Clint Eastwood and tear jerking Meryl Streep are doing the film version of a very over publicized book.&quot;  Ok, so it happend to be on cable one early morning and I came across it.  I started watching the first 5 minutes and by the end I cried so many tears that I couldn't believe it... and I don't cry much at all.  <br />This movie is beautiful.. from the way it's shot, to the genuine and heartfelt performances of Clint and Streep.  This movie blew me away.  This movie is about love, hope, and sacrifice.  Unbelievable.  Ignore those who cast bad opinions of this flick.  This movie is not for the lover of fast paced, action movies.  They won't &quot;get it.&quot;  By the way, 'ol Dirty Harry's work with the musical score is sensational.  Listen to &quot;Doe Eyes&quot; and tell me it doesn't fill you up!<br />Yes, on paper this movie is about a married woman's affair with another man.  However, this is not the heart of the story.  Meryl's character came to America in the hopes of a new and exciting life only to find herself on a farm in East Bumbleland, Iowa doing nothing but household chores day in and day out, married to a husband who isn't even remotely in tune with his emotions.. not to mention her kids who weren't exactly the most loving people in the world either.  This movie is about hope and that the dream of finding that special someone still exists, even years later.  This movie does not justify extra-marital affairs.  Anyone who thinks so is simply narrow minded.  I won't give away the ending to those who haven't seen it but I can tell you that if the movie had a different outcome, some of the &quot;affair&quot; arguments may have been able to hold water... alas.. they don't.
6303122647|5.0|It's mandatory- every Halloween (and Christmas, and when I'm feeling deprived, Easter) I dig down through the holiday stuff in our basement and pull out my shiny little diamond- The Nightmare Before Christmas! It's an ingenious story that I still watch happily several times a year (since it came out).<br />It's the story of Jack Skellington, the Pumpkin King, who's started to get tired of the same old Halloween every year. Then he discovers Christmastown! Excited by the new prospects, he tells everyone in Halloweentown about this wonderous holiday, and the citizens decide to try it themselves! It's up to a rag doll named Sally to save Santa- and save Christmas- from the Oogie Boogie.<br />The characters are hilarious and riveting- you can't help but fall in love with them, even the minor ones! Lock, Shock, and Barrel are the best. :) The movie is a musical, with the songs written (and mostly sung) by Danny Elfman. The music's great, but the lyrics are a little iffy sometimes (but still fun to sing along to!) The film was made with stop action, which gives it that jerky-yet-smooth charm.<br />The best parts are the songs &quot;This Is Halloween&quot;, &quot;Making Christmas&quot;, and &quot;Town Meeting Song&quot;. The doctor is one of the more interesting characters.<br />I highly recommend this movie to... well, just about anyone! It's not scary (trust me, I've been watching since I was 5!) or anything like that... just a big bundle of fun! And remember, it's not Halloween (or Christmas, or Easter) without The Nightmare Before Christmas!!!
B0000C0FJB|5.0|Once again another great cd from those Canadian boyz. As one reviewer said, Rush Rocks and he's right. The tunes are great and as usual the musicianship is second to none. The songs are well selected and cover pretty well most of what they've been up to the last 30+ years. My favourite one is Freewill. Man that song kicks some serious ass. I have always loved that bass run leading into Alex's solo, great stuff!!. About the mix, it's live remember, so it doesn't sound like a studio recording. Sure Geddy's a little hard to hear in the mix from the get go, but we all know what he's saying anyway. Plus by the 4th or 5th tune, that's pretty well fixed anyway. On the plus side it does sound a hell of a lot better than Metallica's last studio effort which isn't saying much really, but trust me, the mix is fine. The crowds totally into the show and you can hear them yapping away from time to time in the background. This only adds to the live experience and tells the listener that this show must have been something to behold. A very good sounding cd that's a pleasure to listen to. So in conclusion, Rush please don't exit stage left just yet. This live cd proves that you and your fans still need each other
0452282152|3.0|Tracy Chevalier has come up with a very creative and ingenious plot and a very readable novel.  It is easy to understand how she may have been inspired by this particular Vermeer painting and its subject, to tell her story, promise of which was captured for eternity by the most famous of the Dutch Masters.<br />The delivery is less brilliant, and dialogues seem less than authentic at times.  Sure, there are glimpses of the 17th century Dutch daily life, business of art of painting, grind of keeping a medieval house functioning and the fragility of human life, but one does not exactly get transported to the time and place while reading this novel.  <br />Still, it was a pleasant book, worth the read
0345350472|5.0|I had never read \\"Do Androids Dream of Electric Sheep\\" and was surprised at how different the book was from the Harrison Ford \\"Blade Runner\\" movie. The basic concept is there, androids that are close to human escape from Mars and come back to earth to blend in with society, and a bounty hunter must track them down and \\"retire\\" them.<br />The book is set in a much more bleak nuclear aftermath, were radioactive dust permeates the atmosphere, blotting out the sun, and causing defects in many humans that make them \\"specials\\" or the more derogatory terms \\"chickenheads\\" or \\"antheads.\\" The dust has also killed off most mammals, birds and insects. Owning an animal is very important to those left on earth, and everyone carries a guidebook to check the values when they want to encounter an animal.<br />Rick Deckard is the number two bounty hunter with the San Francisco police force. He owns an electric sheep and badly wants to have a real animal, be it a horse, a goat, a toad, or whatever. When he is assigned to track down six escaped Nexus 6 androids, all he think of spending his earnings on is an animal.<br />The story follows Deckard through his day and gives us many glimpses into what life is like for these people. We learn about their religion, with \\"Mercerism\\" vs. the omnipresent television and radio personality \\"Buster Friendly.\\" We see their hovercars, and we also see life through the viewpoint of a special named John Isidore, who attempts to help three of the escaped androids.<br />What I really enjoy about Philip K. Dick's writing is that he created science fiction that was more speculative fiction, with bits of futuristic tech and lingo sprinkled like spice, so that it appears to be a world much like our own, but with different tweaks here and there. Also, he explores the deeper stuff like what makes us human. Is it empathy? Is it the group catharsis of climbing the hill, enduring the stones, sinking into the earth and being reborn? Is it caring for an animal? The nature of humanity vs. android is a powerful theme that gets twisted and turned as Deckard encounters a variety of archetypes in his quest to retire the androids and collect his bounty. The mysterious counter bounty hunter Phil Resch appears for a few scenes, helps Deckard, then disappears. It remains open whether he was really human or android. There's also Rachael Rosen, a Nexus 6 android who seduces Deckard, then performs an unthinkable act that nearly breaks him.<br />One of the key things that makes a book great is whether you think about its concepts when your not reading it, and keep thinking after you're done. \\"Do Androids Dream of Electric Sheep\\" aka \\"Blade Runner\\" succeeds in this department.f humanity vs. android is a powerful theme that gets twisted and turned as Deckard encounters a variety of archetypes in his quest to retire the androids and collect his bounty. The mysterious counter bounty hunter Phil Resch appears for a few scenes, helps Deckard, then disappears. It remains open whether he was really human or android. There's also Rachael Rosen, a Nexus 6 android who seduces Deckard, then performs an unthinkable act that nearly breaks him.<br />One of the key things that makes a book great is whether you think about its concepts when your not reading it, and keep thinking after you're done. \\"Do Androids Dream of Electric Sheep\\" aka \\"Blade Runner\\" succeeds in this department.
B00005OMTT|5.0|...the \\"REMEMBER THE FUTURE\\" DVD should have been included:<br />CD - LOVE SENSUALITY DEVOTION...THE GREATEST HITS<BR>1. The Landing<BR>2. Turn Around<BR>3. Gravity Of Love<BR>4. T.N.T. For The Brain<BR>5. Modern Crusaders<BR>6. Shadows In Silence<BR>7. Return To Innocence<BR>8. I Love You...I'll Kill You<BR>9. Principles Of Lust<BR>10. Sadeness (Part 1)<BR>11. Silence Must Be Heard<BR>12. Smell Of Desire<BR>13. Mea Culpa<BR>14. Push The Limits<BR>15. Beyond The Invisible<BR>16. Age Of Loneliness<BR>17. Morphing Thru Time<BR>18. The Cross Of Changes<BR>DVD - REMEMBER THE FUTURE<BR>1. Sadeness (Part 1)<BR>2. Mea Culpa<BR>3. Principles Of Lust<BR>4. Rivers Of Belief<BR>5. Return To Innocence<BR>6. Eyes Of Truth<BR>7. Age Of Loneliness (Carly's Song)<BR>8. Beyond The Invisible<BR>9. T.N.T. For The Brain<BR>10. Gravity Of Love<BR>11. Push The Limits
076790592X|4.0|Unlike many types of literatures, TWM (Tuesdays With Morrie) is able to attract and can be applied to a wide variety of people of ages.  That is because TWM deals with a diverse compilation of practical issues in life: love, death, fears, status, cultures, regrets, marriage, and others.  Additionally, Albom's simplistic and straightforward language gains favoritism preferably with the younger reading age group.  Like many other people, I agree that this book is definitely worth reading; therefore, I would definitely recommend this book especially to people who have loved and lost.  <br />If it had not been required by my current English course, I am sure that I would have missed a very great book and knowing two very significant human beings!  If I had known the positive effect that Mitch Albom and Morrie Schwartz's relationship would have on the world, maybe I would have read it.  Prior to reading this book, I have only heard the title of the book and nothing else.  Chances are that I would have not read it if I were not required to do so in my English course.<br />I am very drawn to emotional climaxes, so I though that the greatest part of the book was the unfortunate and tearful last Tuesday before Morrie would depart from this world.  I have never read a book (but of course, I have not read enough books) that brought so much tears to my eyes and definitely my heart within mere nanoseconds with such simple words... \\"This is how we say good-bye... Love... love... you.\\"  Morrie's life lessons as well as his aphorisms are very insightful and germane, and they were definitely the primary highlights of the book.  One aphorism that really stood out to me was \\"Love each other or perish.\\"  Again, I just keep on thinking - why did he not say these words during an international political conference?    <br />The book is not religious and painfully intellectually provoking or challenging.  The atmosphere of the book is very peaceful.  This peace that one feels when readingthe book is something that only religious manuscripts such as the Bible can exert and melt not just the heart but the soul.  I think the effect of Albom's writing style is the pivotal strength of the book.  The only weakness would be the fact that not all of Morrie's philosophical perspectives are applicable to every person or situation.  Two examples that I can argue are Morrie's pessimistic look at status and lawyers.  <br />I think that Morrie was heaven-sent for Albom.  But Albom's book was heaven-sent for us.  It is a treasure that should be read if not bought and kept.  Life does not bring such optimistic and wise men like Morrie often.  TWM is a book that teaches us to become both better and happier human beings.  Every reader is promised to pick up new wisdoms.
B00005YW4H|1.0|I really have no clue as to why Norah is so successful.  She doesn't have a good voice, and on top of that, this is one of the most boring albums I have ever heard.  As another person said, her voice really doesn't do the song justice, and she didn't even write it.  The song could have been good if they had given it to someone with a more powerful voice.  Why in the world do critics feel that they need to catre to her?  Well, I simply &quot;Don't Know Why&quot;.  Do not buy this pathetic album, there are so many better songs and albums out there.
B00008973Q|3.0|The &quot;Ran: Masterworks Edition&quot; DVD could have been much better, but was badly botched by the producer (Wellspring Media).<br />By far the biggest problem is the so-called &quot;digital restoration,&quot; which consists of two things: running the whole movie through a miscalibrated digital denoising filter, and increasing the contrast and color saturation to cartoonish levels. The latter change can at least be undone at the playback end, but the former does irreparable damage to the image. Most of the image problems mentioned here by other reviewers are due to this &quot;restoration,&quot; not to defects in the new transfer.<br />The damage from the digital denoising is severe and present throughout the film. It's easily recognized with experience, or when the denoised image is shown next to the pristine original. But since I don't have that luxury here, I'll just mention some of the more easily seen symptoms. Clouds seem slightly unnatural, as if hand-painted, because their delicate wispiness is interpreted as noise and removed (see for example 0:11:45 and 2:18:00). Thin bright lines against dark backgrounds &quot;sparkle&quot; or &quot;twinkle&quot; like stars; this is caused by cross-frame denoising, which misinterprets movement of sharp edges due to frame jitter or camera movement as transient noise (see for example the sunray pattern in the Ichimonji crest beginning at around 0:04:30). Fast-moving objects shrink or disappear completely for brief intervals, again due to cross-frame denoising (see for example Kyoami's legs as he runs, at around 0:09:15).<br />The new _Metropolis (1927)_ DVD includes a restoration featurette which explains why computerized denoising was not used in the restoration of that film, and shows examples of some of the problems described above. And denoising was only considered for that film because the available prints were badly in need of restoration. _Ran_ does not need restoration, which makes this unnecessary damage all themore tragic.<br />Many DVDs released by Central Park Media have also been defaced in this way, notably the new two-disc edition of Takahata's _Grave of the Fireflies_. I think the same company is responsible for all of these botched &quot;restorations,&quot; since the modus operandi is always the same: moderate to severe denoising artifacts, grossly oversaturated colors, and a &quot;restoration demo&quot; comparing the restored version to a previous video release in a distinctive splitscreen format.<br />There are many other problems with this DVD, though they are minor in comparison to the above:<br />The new transfer was apparently made from a theatrical print rather than a higher-fidelity interpositive, since it contains reel change marks (flashing black circles at the upper right corner of the frame). Surely such a beautiful film deserves better than this.<br />There are several embarrassing mistakes in the subtitles which would have been caught by a human being, but not by a software spelling checker. Apparently the producers of this DVD labor under the delusion that proofreading, like restoration, can be done by computer.<br />The MPEG-2 encoding was done improperly, with the result that the image switches randomly between progressive (film) and interlaced (video) encodings, instead of remaining film throughout. This causes annoying random blurring and sharpening during playback on many DVD players, noticeable mainly in still scenes. (See for example the long shots of Hidetora starting around 0:50:00; please note that this problem is not visible on all players.) Some players can be reconfigured to mask this problem (on software players choose &quot;bob&quot; rather than &quot;weave&quot; or &quot;automatic&quot;), but this will reduce the playback quality of properly-encoded DVDs.<br />Technical incompetence aside, this is not a bad disc. The subtitle translation is problematic, but I've seen much worse; I can't complain too much here. What's lost in the translation is probably insignificant compared to cultural details which no translation could hope to explain. A short &quot;production notes&quot; extra fills in a few of those details but neglects others. Two uninteresting trailers for the film are included. The &quot;restoration demo&quot; is good for seething at in impotent anger, and also for seeing how Kurosawa probably intended the film to appear, colorwise, before it was &quot;enhanced&quot; for this DVD.<br />There are two commentary tracks. One, by Stephen Prince, focuses on narrative technique and is clearly intended for students. It's quite good. The other is by Peter Grilli, who was present on the set during part of the shooting of _Ran_; he talks about his experiences there and his opinions of Kurosawa and his work. Though sometimes interesting, Grilli's comments make no sense as a commentary track since they're wholly unconnected to the action on screen. They should have been printed in a companion booklet.<br />The film itself is a masterpiece, of course; even the shoddiest technical treatment can't mask its emotional impact. I would have given it five stars but for the problems with the DVD.<br />This is the first non-Central Park Media DVD that I've seen to use this &quot;digital restoration&quot; process. I'm frightened that it will spread further. I urge anyone concerned by this to write to Wellspring Media and tell them that they could have produced a much better DVD, with less effort, by simply omitting the &quot;restoration&quot; step. If you decide not to buy the disc for this reason, tell them that too.
B00006IX0R|5.0|...\\"Free To Decide\\" should have been unedited, and the \\"STARS\\" DVD should have been included, so here's what should be instead:<br />CD - STARS: THE BEST OF 1992-2002<BR>1. Dreams<BR>2. Linger<BR>3. Zombie<BR>4. Ode To My Family<BR>5. I Can't Be With You<BR>6. Ridiculous Thoughts<BR>7. Salvation<BR>8. Free To Decide (full version)<BR>9. When You're Gone<BR>10. Hollywood<BR>11. Promises<BR>12. Animal Instinct<BR>13. You & Me<BR>14. Just My Imagination<BR>15. Analyse<BR>16. Time Is Ticking Out<BR>17. This Is The Day<BR>18. Daffodil Lament<BR>19. New New York<BR>20. Stars<br />DVD - STARS: THE BEST OF 1992-2002<BR>1. Dreams<BR>2. Linger<BR>3. Zombie<BR>4. Ode To My Family<BR>5. I Can't Be With You<BR>6. Ridiculous Thoughts<BR>7. Salvation<BR>8. Free To Decide<BR>9. When You're Gone<BR>10. Promises<BR>11. Animal Instinct<BR>12. You & Me<BR>13. Just My Imagination<BR>14. Analyse<BR>15. Time Is Ticking Out<BR>16. This Is The Day<BR>17. Stars<BR>Alternate Takes:<BR>1. Dreams<BR>2. Ridiculous Thoughts<BR>3. When You're Gone<BR>4. Analyse<BR>Live At Vicar Square:<BR>1. Daffodil Lament<BR>2. Empty<BR>3. Sunday<BR>Documentary<BR>DVD-ROM
0385504209|1.0|Those who think that witches and worshipers of the mother goddess are well-meaning, harmless, put-upon folks whose aim is to do good to people will no doubt love this book. Those who think that witches are often in league with demons and that demons are very real, and mean to bring harm to us humans, will very likely not like CODE at all. I am in the latter group, and for that reason I found the book annoying. Because it is also written in a terribly amateurish style, I also found it tedious. It's a little well paced and suspenseful, but once the author's agenda became clear it lost most of its tenuous hold on me.<br />How the author came by his apparent reputation for careful research is a mystery. His research appears neither careful nor truthful. It could be that he is merely mistaken about some things, but in other cases it looks very much that he is intentionally distorting or falsifying what he must know to be true for the sake of his agenda, which is extraordinarily pro-goddess and anti-Catholic. Much of what he asserts about the Church is not merely false, but ridiculously so. Other reviewers have mentioned several instances that I won't repeat here, but for one point.<br />Brown mentions a fifteenth century book called THE WITCHES HAMMER, calling it perhaps the most blood-soaked book in history, being responsible for perhaps as many as 9,000,000 deaths of alleged witches. Such an extraordinarily improbable statement demanded some research of my own. I found, first, that in 1500 - near the publication of the HAMMER - the entire population of Europe including Russia and the Ottoman Empire was a little under 62 million. That would have meant burning at the stake 1 of evey 7 people in Europe, a calamitous rate that would have rivaled the Black Death. It simply did not happen.<br />The second thing I found was an English translation of the HAMMER itself. I read it, too, which perhaps the author did not. It is a late-medieval manual to aid Churchmen in dealing with witches of the time. The translator's introduction, which amounts to a 40-page historical essay neatly summarizing the issues is well worth reading even if you don't delve into the HAMMER itself. On the whole it is an extraordinarily interesting work. It makes a good companion piece to CS Lewis' masterpiece THE SCREWTAPE LETTERS, or Malachi Martin's HOSTAGE TO THE DEVIL, or the two recent volumes by Father Gabriele Amorth, the chief exorcist of Rome. For that matter THE EXORCIST by William Peter Blatty, which served as the basis for the famous movie of the same name, would be well worth reading. It was novelized, but it was nevertheless based on a real case.<br />For those who believe in neither demons nor the pernicious effects of witches, I suggest that they merely open their everyday eyes and look around. Now that witches have become a popular item in our culture, consider the Zantops' Dartmouth murders; the sniper murders in Maryland; the Columbine High School murders; the Manson murders. Remember when the Manson events burst on the scene? How it was unheard of before? That was only 30 years ago!<br />Worship of the mother goddess and the witchcraft that seems to go pretty much hand in hand with it are by no means harmless. They are malignant influences, and this book seems intent on preaching them to its readers. No thanks; not for me.with witches of the time. The translator's introduction, which amounts to a 40-page historical essay neatly summarizing the issues is well worth reading even if you don't delve into the HAMMER itself. On the whole it is an extraordinarily interesting work. It makes a good companion piece to CS Lewis' masterpiece THE SCREWTAPE LETTERS, or Malachi Martin's HOSTAGE TO THE DEVIL, or the two recent volumes by Father Gabriele Amorth, the chief exorcist of Rome. For that matter THE EXORCIST by William Peter Blatty, which served as the basis for the famous movie of the same name, would be well worth reading. It was novelized, but it was nevertheless based on a real case.<br />For those who believe in neither demons nor the pernicious effects of witches, I suggest that they merely open their everyday eyes and look around. Now that witches have become a popular item in our culture, consider the Zantops' Dartmouth murders; the sniper murders in Maryland; the Columbine High School murders; the Manson murders. Remember when the Manson events burst on the scene? How it was unheard of before? That was only 30 years ago!<br />Worship of the mother goddess and the witchcraft that seems to go pretty much hand in hand with it are by no means harmless. They are malignant influences, and this book seems intent on preaching them to its readers. No thanks; not for me.
0446607274|5.0|This book has the seal of Michael Connelly, it has to many turns, but the problem with that is that you know that if the book has many pages left, the person who they thought was the bad guy it is not.<br />This book will keep you reading and interested in the story and the clues that they discover are visible, you will understand why, not like Jeffery Deaver's detective  Rhyme who deduct the things from nowhere and you sometimes not understand why.<br />At the end of the book you will see that politics are politics and nobody can change that.
B00006CXXU|5.0|So I've ALWAYS been a HUGE Christina Aguiera fan, right?  Well, with the coming of her Stripped album, i knew i was going to be purchasing it immediately.  Now, i'm not a big CD purchaser because my taste varies greatly from song to song, and I find that many artists' albums usually contain one or two or three songs i really like.  But, hey, like i said, i've always been a HUGE Xtina fan--so i had to have Stripped.  <BR>   Honestly,I have never found another album that can match Stripped. I totally love every single song on the CD.  For the first time, i dont have to skip songs because one awesome song leads to another.  I can definitely say that i do not have to be bias w/ Xtina, because even if i wasnt a fan, i know i would've still loved the album.  <BR>   There are SO many styles on Stripped, it's incredible.  Xtina swtiches from Rap, to Rock, to Blues, to Gospel, to Dance, and just about anything else possible.  Out of all 20 tracks, i like them all, with 18 being ultimate favorites and 2 being songs i just plainly enjoy.<BR>  For any person who truly loves music, loves a powerful sweet talented voice, or any fan, Stripped, by Christina Aguilera, is the PERFECT album.<BR>RATING: One Million Stars+
B00008PC2O|5.0|I for one am very dissapointed with the so-called &quot;Extreme DVD&quot; edition that was released this year. <br />The Ultimate Edition is arguably one of the coolest DVDs ever released but this newest edition is hardly the extreme DVD that the title says it is. <br />The extra content that is on here is newly recorded commentary by James Cameron and his crew. While the commentary is good, it only works on DVD-Rom drives, something which I don't have but a friend did. You also lose a lot of the awesome new features on the Ultimate Edition. <br />T2 is great but the Extreme DVD is a waste of time. Avoid it. Go for the Ultimate Edition.
B0000AXE8I|4.0|The only complaint I have about this movie is the Zion scene. I understand why its in there, but its done so poorly. I skiped the scene when i watched the DVD.
B0000DD79B|5.0|Simon &amp; Garfunkel were one of the best folk rock acts to emerge from the 60's - period. From their first 60's hit &quot;I Am A Rock&quot; you just knew these guys were going somewhere. This 2-cd collection is pure bliss with all their cool hits such as Mrs. Robinson, Homeward Bound, I Am A Rock, Scarborough Fair, The Hazy Shade Of Winter, The Boxer, Bridge Over Troubled Waters (my fav.) , Cecilia, America, etc. Also, it's remastered which is nice cause I had an old hits cd which was sounded horrible. Pick this collection up as it's a must for those who like Bob Dylan, The Byrds, The Lovin' Spoonful, Donovan and all those other cool 60's groups.
B000001FI7|5.0|When listening to Dummy the first thing that should come to your mind is Beth's deep and haunting jazz-influenced vocals. The lyrics alone are enough to make you cry in your coffee. Yet when coupled with soothing jazz riffs and great drum and bass you can never go wrong with any of these songs. Quick note for those single guys out there....play this low and dim the lights...you won't be single for long. Between the hip-hop, jazz, drum&amp;bass and bluesy effects, this makes for some great low-key music. <BR>Oh and to the guy who said that they are Massive Attack rip-off's...please...this trio is unique in every way!
B00009L1UP|5.0|Queensryche began to receiver financial success with their album \\"Operation: Mindcrime\\", which came out two years before this.  To follow it up, they made an album full of commercially acceptable songs, yet they didn't sacrifice and quality or originality in doing so.  This is probably my favorite Queensryche album, because it's so easy to listen to.  Every song is great, and a few are exceptionally great.<br />Most people laugh at me when I tell them Queensryche is one of my favorite bands.  I get the usual \\"Don't only people with mullets listen to them?\\" or \\"Weren't they some one-hit wonder hair band?\\".  NO.  Queensryche is far more skilled (technically and otherwise) and serious musically and lyrically than your average hair band.  I think of them as Iron Maiden meets Rush and Pink Floyd, and of course very original as well.  They did, however, have the hair.  <br />\\"Best I Can\\" is one of my favorite `Ryche songs (they've closed with it both times I've seen them live, it kicks ass), with the inspired lyrics and catchy guitar riffs and vocals.  The bridge in 7/8 has a serious groove, and the solo (DeGarmo, I should think) is just so tasty.  \\"Jet City Woman\\" is a rocking song, with some great guitar harmonies and solos.  \\"Silent Lucidity\\" is the one everyone's surely heard, the Pink Floyd-ish ballad was a huge hit.  It's still a beautiful song.  \\"Anybody Listening?\\" is my personal favorite, and some of the guitar riffs remind me off Rush.  70's Rush, that is.  The solo is so powerful (even more-so live).  The lyrics are very good too, as some have called it the best song about the effects of fame since Rush's \\"Limelight\\".  <br />The rest of the songs are far from filler.  Every song is great, and this is one of the best overall albums I own.<br />So, you don't need to be a fan of 80's metal or hair-metal at all to enjoy this album, in fact, you'll probably enjoy it more if you're not.  If you love catchy, well-written hard rock, look no further.  This is one of thebest.<br />By the way, if you like this, check out &quot;Operation: Mindcrime&quot; next.  Then check out their earlier stuff, and &quot;Promised Land&quot; is quite excellent too (though in a much different way).
B0000C0FJB|3.0|Given the difficulties in performing the Brazilian shows, Rush and their crew did a commendable effort as shown on the DVD. Unfortunately, this live CD set isn't up to the standards of Different Stages. In fact, this CD set is more like an official bootleg in terms of overall audio quality. Blame the \\"primitive recording truck\\" or the mixing. Even the \\"bootleg\\" tracks sound better than most of the set. The band seems to be too far away and you can't hear Geddy's singing, Alex's guitar, or Neil's cymbals clearly or loud enough some of the time. This certainly did no justice to songs like \\"The Pass\\" and \\"Bravado\\". At times the crowd noise is too much and it drowned out the band (yes, we know it was a fanatical, huge crowd). I think all of Rush's previous live material is better than this CD set. All the World's a Stage and Different Stages Disk 3 may have been recorded on vintage equipment, but at least Rush was loud and clear on these recordings and you felt you were sitting in the first row of the concert. Hopefully, this won't be the last Rush live CD set. I know that Rush wanted to celebrate their return and record one of their largest shows ever and share them with all the fans, but this record should have been mixed better to give that idea justice. Again, great band, great performance, great fans, average recording and/or mixing.
0060925000|5.0|The book is really great. In terms of the variety and range of characters it, in a way, reminds me of Dickens \\" David Copperfield\\". Seth has dexterously got the reader so involved with his characters that after having finished reading I feel something missing from my own life....the reader kind of becomes a part of the family and doesn't mind going on and on about its affairs. Since there are so many characters, every reader gets a chance to relate with some character or the other. Lata , Mrs Rupa Mehra, Savita, Veena, old Mrs Tandon,  Mrs Mahesh Kapoor, Malati, Kabir, Pran,  all these characters are so real. There are some parts which aren't very interesting and one wants to avoid reading, but isn't life like this, there are so many moments which are not liked by us, which are not up to our expectations and yet they exist.  I think Seth's style of writing makes you flow with the events in the book just like life takes you along with its ups and downs....<br />Was this review helpful to you?
B0000AXE8I|4.0|I am disappointed to see that many people really hated this film, but I believe that is because the film did not fit their standard template for a Hollywood action film.<BR>So what if the rave scene went on a bit? I think that scene was there to give us an idea of life outside the Matrix and the culture of Zion.<BR>The film's plot may seem confusing to most but I can see that it all provides a lead up to the plot twist at the end. It is not simply adequate to show a load of fight scenes and turn it into a video game.<BR>For anybody wanting to buy this DVD who has not already seen the movie, I would recommend you rent it first to see which camp you fall into ( lovers/haters ).<BR>If you hate the film, walk away but if you like it go out and buy the DVD and try to unravel the plot. I think that a lot of the earlier scenes provide some clues about what is going on.
0800141660|5.0|Many years ago I was swept away by this enchanting movie. It has hooked me for many years since. The cast is perfectly selected and the scenary is breath taking. This movie is worth watching over and over again as I have gladly done. Emma Thompson does a wonderful job in this movie and I did not find out until much later that she wrote the script as well. I highly recommend this movie for any season and to any person willing to let these wonderful characters into their hearts. I hope you enjoy the movie half as much as I have. If you enjoyed this movie I also highly recommend the BBC version of Pride and Prejudice.
B00003CWNR|4.0|Homer Wells (Tobey Maguire) and his fellow orphans are raised by the kindly Dr. Larch (Michael Caine), who not only delivers unwanted babies, he also aborts them.  The orphanage seems an idyllic and loving home for Homer, but he sets out to see the world, only to find his destiny is to one day return.<br /><br />Tobey Maguire is very convincing as the naive and sensitive Homer.  Michael Caine won an Oscar for his supporting role as the passionate, ether-addicted doctor.  The movie is beautifully photographed and has a lilting piano score. It has many affecting scenes, but many subplots are left unresolved.  It's pleasantly entertaining and the acting is good, but fans of the novel will wonder why so much was omitted, and why what was included was handled so passively.
0060512806|5.0|A great book by a writer who makes the English language sit up and do tricks for him.  He also has a refreshing understanding of the world, almost devoid of political correctness.  (A few paragraphs about a fictional U.S. Attorney General being the odd exception, but I quibble).  People who enjoy this book will also enjoy The Diamond Age by the same author, which shares a similar view of the world, even though that world is set in the future.
B00005JLTN|3.0|It's a little hard to review \\"The Matrix Reload\\" for two reasons. The first is that it is a sequel to a highly original and entertaining sci-fi classic, \\"The Matrix\\" [1999], and the higher the innovation quota in the original, the less likely it is that a sequel can equal it, much less top it. The other is that it is itself the first half of a four-hour plus super sequel. [The second half, \\"Matrix Revolutions\\" opens in theaters in November.] Doing sequels back-to-back is not a new idea. It was done in the late 80s with the ones for \\"Back to the Future\\". What I can say so far is that the sequels are at once technically brilliant yet overblown. It's a case of bigger not always being better.  <br />The sequel finds us deep in the bowels of the planet, where human escapees from the matrix's machine have built a city. The machines are rapidly burrowing towards the city with the intention of destroying it. Characters from the original movie are fighting to save the city. Basically, that is the plot.<br />The special effects are awesome, no doubt about it. But there is a truism about movies which I don't think changes much over time: Everything that happens should propel the plot along. Like many recent big budget movies, this one seems entranced by its own special effects. For example, there is a spectacular chase sequence on a freeway that runs fourteen minutes. My question, though, is whether or not this would have been a better movie if this sequence had been cut to, say, seven minutes? Whatever happened to less is more? When did excess become a positive thing? <br />As for the philosophical meaning of these movies, that is up to the individual viewer. I find musings over the meaning here to be bogus. To me, these are just movies. There is no deep meaning. Either they work as entertainment, or they don't. To me, \\"The Matrix Reloaded\\" works just some the time.
B000023VR6|5.0|Here's what pisses me off: People (mostly pop fans) calling this album &quot;2001&quot;, or &quot;Dr. Dre 2001&quot;. What the hell? It's &quot;Chronic 2001&quot;!! Come on peeps. I mean, even Amazon named it &quot;2001&quot;. Damn, how I really fu* king hate novices of rap. <br />Anyways... let's get down to the review.<br />Things just aint the same for gangstas, times is changing, young ni** az is agin'... <br />That is how Dr. Dre begins his highly anticipated album. This represents the more contemplative side that this album brings. The Watcher serves as a fitting intro to the new Dr. Dre. Hes still cool, but hes thinking more now.<br />I wasnt sure if I was buying the new Dre when I first got Chronic 2001. Of course I was sure I would love it, for it was the artist who released &quot;The Chronic&quot; back in '92. It turned out that he really takes a lot risks on 2001, and that most of them pay big dividends and sound awesome.<br />That said, Still D.R.E. really is the best song on the album. It creates the same magical feelings that &quot;Let Me Ride&quot;, &quot;Nuthin' But A G Thang&quot;, and &quot;Dre Day&quot; did and still do. It just makes you bob your head and feel him. Its such a relief! Whatever has happened in 10 years, he is still Dr. Dre. When I heard this song on MTV before the album was released, I almost broke down and cried. It's so well done and perfect. Its Dre circa 1991. It's so not Jay-Z and Ja Rule. He's representin' for the gangstas all across the world - flat out. <br />The next time the album hits rare air is &quot;Whats the Difference&quot;. There are good songs in between but this is the next time Dre strikes gold, or should I say, platinum. Dre gives a nod to the classic Renzo in a Benzo line, and the song just takes off from there. Dre is real, Em is insane and crazy, and X to the Z is hard core. Its a great blend with a nice edge and a somewhat bouncy beat. <br />&quot;Forgot AboutDre&quot; is also very good. Dre spits some real sh *t. It's also the second appearance of Eminem. Em does what Dre tells him to do, and he pulls it off very well. The orchestra beat and the weird keyboard sound awesome, too. The Next Episode completes the cycle of top shelf songs. Wow, it truly is the next episode. Dre and Snoop put on a clinic and it is a beautiful experience. My only complaint is that its too short. We need another verse here. I wont dwell on it, because the song is as good and pure as rap music gets. Also, I have to give a nod to Nate Dogg here. Any rap song can be improved with a dash of Nate Dogg. <br />The downside of this album is that the second half of the album is remarkably weaker than the first. You can probably tell that by realizing that all of album's singles are pulled from first half. HOWEVER, don't get me wrong - I don't skip any tracks. It's just that the first half is SO great and classic that it's hard for even Dre to keep that through 22 tracks.<br />Overall, the second real Dr. Dre album is a success. It has a lot of good songs, and a few CLASSIC songs. Although this album is not as great and magical as its predecessor &quot;The Chronic&quot;, it's sinfully close. He truly is still the Dre we all know and love.<br />The bottom line? If you don't own this album, you need to get your head checked - this belongs to Hall of Fame of top 20 rap albums EVER.
B000001DQG|5.0|Everbody who didn't buy this, missed out on the song Ticking. I wrote this review, because Amazon doesn't give you the chance to sample Ticking, and that is the song that pushes this album over into the \\"Buy\\" category. In that song, a desperate young man goes crazy with a gun and eventually gets shot by the police. A great song, as relevant today was when it was written.  <br />What I have come to appreciate about Elton over the years is the variety of his catalog.  Breaking up, getting back together, teenage angst, furry woodland creatures, sex, violence, rock & roll, Elton has it all covered.
B0000E65V9|5.0|Basically I want to say that I'm tired of hearing the whining from the &quot;die-hard&quot; fans.  I am a die-hard fan as well, but it seems most can't figure out that the Essentials isn't for the die-hard.  One day maybe they will
B00006L83N|5.0|this is probobly one of the more shocking cds to me that ive gotten in the longest while, i knew before i got it that Symphony X kicked ass but i never had a chance to hear their stuff. But after i got this i now think i can say i like them better than Dream Theater (a little bit more, its more of a tie...)i love Inferno, its an exellent intro which exposes you to the begining of Michael Romeo's amazing guitar talent and Russell's pretty sweet Drama yet dark growl voice transitions, wicked is pretty much a song i cant help but bob my head to, it has an interesting story about a woman (i love it), then incantations of the apprentice has a darker theme to it which seems to add to the feel of the symphony x sound overall. Accolade II is a more beautiful melodic softer song which shows you the more innocent and lighter sounds that these guys can pull off, a great semi epic song. King of Terrors in my opinion has i little more of an depressing feel to it? well, its another great song anyway, the vocals go best with this song i think compared to the others, it just fits the whole structure better i think. turning a nice intro which picks you up from the begining and doesnt let you go till the end with a couple of slow downs and pauses here and there, and the Awakenings is a more structered song which prepares you for the main event, The Odessy which is possibly the best song musically ive ever heard! a 24 minute epic about the actual odessy that they taught us about in high school! and the last song Masquerade is a pretty good more operatic song, with a nice sort of midevil twist to it.<BR>for the most part i have to say i love Michael Romeo's guitar playing. A quote from one of my friends who listened to some of this &quot;it sounds like the children of bodom guitar style only mostly palm mutted&quot; id have to agree with that, but we both love it.
B0000C0FJB|3.0|Just wrote a review for the Rio DVD. The cd sounds just as bad or worse than the DVD. It's a real let down. I have been a fan of Rush for most of my life and still am. I hope these guy's will RE MIX AND THAN RE MASTER BOTH THE CD AND THE DVD. The sound mix doe's not do this great band justice...
B00008LDPU|4.0|The animatrix is a good renderation of the The Matrix Trilogy.<BR>Out of the nine stories on this disc my best stories will be The Final Flight of Osiri, The Second Renaissance Part 1&amp;2, A Detective's Story &amp; Program. The first Matrix was very confusing but with the Animatrix I was able to understand the story of the Matrix Trilogy. I recommend this DVD for all customers.
B0000AGWJ7|5.0|I'll start with this these guys kick much ass! This CD is one that I'm very glad I bought. They have a sound that's pretty unique unless you travel back in time a little ways. A7X does an awesome job mixing sounds of old and new (it's mostly new but it just reminds me of some older stuff, with a side of punk). This CD is better than their first one but don't get me wrong their first one was good too. They've impoved on this one. The awesome use of singing and yelling is top notch. The guitars are heavy and melodic, it's great. Just buy it if you're into metal of any kind you'll like it.
0066620996|5.0|Good To Great is an exceptionally well researched book. The author, Boulder, Colorado-based Jim Collins, and his team of researchers have made this book into a powerhouse documentary of why some businesses excel towards greatness and while others stagnate.<br />The book will be of most interest to business leaders, but it may also be interesting to leaders in other types of organizations such as churches or schools. Among other things, Collins shows that, in general, the great leaders are not the ones who are most brash and controversial but those who combine vision and dedication with humility and selflessness. <br />Through impressive empirical research, Collins shows that the truly great leaders are those to seek fortune and fame for their companies, not for themselves.<br />If you like business books, you will probably love this one. It is basically well written, especially for a business book, and easy to read. That said, this book deals with how to make a company great. It does not deal with personal greatness, so if you are thinking about buying this as a self-help or inspirational guide, consider something by Anthony Robbins or Dale Carnegie.<br />This is strictly a business book. It is more informative than entertaining. A times it can provide for dry reading. However, if you're looking for a business book that highlights some of the differences between major \\"good\\" and major \\"great\\" corporations, you would be wise to read it.
B0000DBJDM|5.0|This new DVD release is different than the previous VHS version so hold on to your original video tape! (that version may never be re-released again).<br />&quot;Live in Pompeii&quot; has been for years (and will remain) my #1 desert island video, music or otherwise.  The slow panning cameras behind the amp stacks, the bubbling mudpits and boiling lava scenes and the rough, unpolished band performances in the ruins of Pompeii's ampitheatre are powerful and at times scary.<BR>The music, like the setting, is spacious and slow moving but haunting and bold below (and above) the surface.<br /> <BR>DVD Director's cut: This is a real mess and would be even more confusing to those not familiar with the original film. My main gripe here is not the newly added &quot;space&quot; visuals and other non-related footage. The real bugger here (for me) is the so called &quot;widescreen&quot; format, bullocks! What they did instead was take the original film and squash and crop it to add black bars. It's simulated widescreen, so what we see is actualy less of the viewable print! It doesn't look/feel right at all and I found it unsettling to watch. Mind bogglingly atrocious.<BR>But... we do get extra audio and visual footage of the band in Abbey Road which is prized by a (Water's era) Floyd fan like myself. And with the added visuals it does give us another, alternate version. So for that it's better than not including it at all.  Still, what were they (Adrian?) thinking?<br />DVD original concert : This is the jewel of it all. I'd never seen just the straight 60 minute performance film before. It's cohesive, effective. Pompeii was a dead on great choice choice for the band to re-create their heavy yet airy soundtrack.<BR>There is only an occasional overdub or visual blip. (Overdubbed bass on Madmoiselle Knobs).  BTW- Seamus was Steve Marriott's dog and was being cared for by one of the Floyd while Steve was away on tour. I'm not sure if the dog in Pompeii is Seamus or not.<BR>As forthe lack of Rick Wright interview on the origianl Abbey Road footage, that never bothered me. He never was a very vocal or opinionated member, despite his priceless contribution to the band/music. What we do get is his utterly sublime, hovering and vulnerable high vocal along side Gilmour on Echoes. That always gives me goosebumps and itself is worth the price of admission. And to cut Echoes down the middle to bookend the film was a fitting and perfect framework.<br />DVD extras: Just more, good stuff to include. They even have the covers to several famous bootleg albums of the 70's! and a map of Pompeii! good fun.<br />The DVD itself is a fantastic value chock full of goodies.<BR>The sharpness of the audio and video is  a vast step up from the <BR>previous  versions.<br />Now I'm just waiting for the &quot;Live in Pompeii&quot; film to hit the midnight theatre show again!  Without the crust please.
B00008S2VG|5.0|At first when i listened to the cd, i was like \\" what the f***ck\\" but now i think that this cd keep getting better and better. The best thing about the cd are the lyrics such as the powerful dance number \\"Nobody knows me\\" or the haunting track \\"Easy ride\\" !!!!.They are from the heart and real. I love all the songs in the cd!!!!! By the way this is the first Madonna cd i ever bought! And i am not disappointed at all. Way to go Madge!!!! More of this!!!
B0000C0FJB|4.0|I'm disappointed to see all the comments on the sound mix on this one. I've been into Rush since 1974 and have seen them about 8 times. This CD sounds just about like being at one of thier concerts (I would agree that the Rio audience is particularly interactive). Nobody should be buying a LIVE CD expecting anything close to studio sound quality- the ones that do sound really clear have been substantially &quot;cleaned up&quot;. Anyway, I think this is their best live CD with the exception of All The World's A Stage and that was from the 70s. Any Rush fan should appreciate that they are still together and as vital and powerful a band as ever. Rock On.
B000002UAR|2.0|that this is one of the best albums ever.  The fact is that Revolver is largely light pop, with songs like Here There and Everywhere, Eleanor Rigby, Yellow Submarine and Got to Get You Into My Life.  Only Dr. Robert and Taxman draw on the great guitar work that made A Hard Day's Night and Help so good.<br />Maybe anyone who thinks that this one of the best albums of all time, like the review that preceeds (not &quot;proceeds&quot;) this one, is an uncurable Beatlemaniac, or just hasn't heard a wide range of music.  Too bad. Two stars.
0440237688|5.0|The Giver is an amazing book.  With a thought provoking plot you can't put it down. With it being so different from the way we live you always want to read on to find out all the different opsticals Jonas incounters. Spectacular word choice throughtout the entire story. I would recommened it to my classmates and my elders because it is great for all ages.
0385484518|5.0|This books speaks to our hearts like no other. There are so many wonderful things we can learn from wise people like Morrie. The thing is, although we don't realize because we are too busy protecting our egos, there are many people like this around us in our everyday lives. Although we are often fearful of the few that are harmful and hurtful, if we have the courage to open our hearts and allow other people in, there are so many people that can truly touch our lives in a positive way. This book has been a wonderful gift to many hearts and will remain so for many readers to come. If you'd like to understand the theory behind many of Morrie's messages, I'd strongly recommend &quot;The Ever-Transcending Spirit&quot; by Toru Sato. It is an incredible book that relates these types of messages to many psychological theories and spiritual ideas and explains these wonderful things in life in a way that is so simple and clear. These are the books that make life much more than worth living.
B00009YXHN|5.0|Bride Of Re-animator was previously released on DVD by Pioneer/Artisan as a Special Edition which was far superior to this bare bones DVD reissue from Artisan. The special edition offered two versions of the film (Rated R and Unrated). It had a full-length commentary by the director, cast, the special effects guys, etc. It also offered a deleted scene and a blooper/outtake/behind-the-scenes reel which are both absent on this reissue. Another thing it had were many still galleries, promotional materials, production notes...and more.<br />I have indeed seen the movie transfer on this reissued DVD, and it looks like the same transfer on the previous DVD release. If you don't care for special features, or can't get the older DVD...then, and only then, is it a good buy for the movie itself!<br />Artisan must be really lazy these days. They'd had no special features on any of their recent DVD releases of older Horror and Sci-Fi flicks. Not even a theatrical trailer! It's almost as if they could care less because they know the product will sell anyways.<br />So, you may ask...why am I giving this a 5 star rating? For the movie itself...surely not for this featureless DVD! The only thing good about this reissue is that it has the original movie artwork on the cover, even though the old DVD &quot;neon&quot; artwork looked much cooler.
B00009W0U4|1.0|This movie has to be one of the worst and unsettling movies I have ever seen. The twisting camera gets irritating. The rape scene was very disturbing, I have to wonder what goes on inside the directors head to come up with such a brutal and sick scene. I looked at other reviews where the realism is praised, but whats next, child molestation scenes on the big screen helping us &quot;realize how horrible rape can be&quot;. Desensitization is creeping in. On another note, what the %$#@ is wrong with the French, That night club was sick!
6301976061|5.0|I received this video last weekend and have since watched it three times, all the way through.  I am not the least bit tired of it yet!  I love movies that have all-star casts but no real \\"starring role\\"; 12 ANGRY MEN is just such a movie.  It is fascinating to watch the interaction between twelve superlative actors confined in a small space (the jury room) for nearly the entire film.  All of the actors -- including Henry Fonda, Lee J. Cobb, Ed Begley, and Martin Balsam -- are superb.  However, my favorite characters are the ones played by Jack Klugman, George Voskovec, E.G. Marshall, and Edward Binns.  Klugman's character, a young man from the slums, clearly has some repressed anger but is basically a vulnerable, soft-spoken person.  Voskovec's character is an immigrant from (I assume) Eastern Europe, well-mannered and thoughtful, though he becomes angry when he sees others not taking their democratic duties seriously.  E.G. Marshall's character is a bit aloof and very reasoned; but unlike a couple of the others (Cobb's and Begley's characters), he is no bigot.  When at the end of the movie he realizes that his judgment was wrong, he does not hesitate to admit it.  Binns plays a kindly, working-class man who gives Cobb's character a few lessons in respect.  And of course, Henry Fonda comes across as sincere, thoughtful, and compassionate.  The superlative cast and direction (by Sidney Lumet) make 12 ANGRY MEN a classic that can be watched again and again.
B0000AMJEH|5.0|Too Fast Too Furious was ann awesome movie.But it's only awesome to those who like Street Racing Automobiles.I personally thought it was better than the first movie because it showed more detailed cars.Overall, I hope they make a thirds one that would include Tyrese and Vin Deisal along with the blonde guy. I think that movie would explode at the Box Office.
B000089RVR|4.0|I bought this for &quot;White Flag&quot; and got sucked in by the rest of it. This album feels much more trip-hoppy than &quot;No Angel&quot;, which to me had a more acoustic feel (even if it wasn't). <br />My favourite tracks are &quot;White Flag,&quot; the title track, &quot;Sand in My Shoes&quot; (almost a club beat on this one!), and &quot;See the Sun&quot;. Everything else is solid as well, though - &quot;Who Makes You Feel&quot; is the only one that drives me nuts (that sample!). These songs are meant for calm, and Dido's lyrical voice definitely doesn't hurt. Great writing music. :) Overall an extremely solid effort.
0060558121|3.0|In my reading adventures, when I skip pages or scan-page, its a sign that though the basic plot is interesting, an editor might have been a good idea.<br />There were just too many things going on. He could have plotted the whole thing in the 'perfect' little town on the lake and it would have been interesting and a tight story - I would have cared more about the characters. Instead, we get a hugely rambling dustbunny of a story that meanders between mythic road trips, horror and philosophy. It succeeds in some places and fails in others.<br />For anyone with a basic interest in mythology or folk tales, the characters were pretty obvious. It was easy to see what Gaiman was up to. However, some of the best parts of the books were the little 'mini novels' within the book telling how different beliefs got to america - I think I found them satisfying because the main book was not providing much movement or closure.<br />Also, I cannot take the characters at their word that there were no gods in america before the old-worlders came.<br />It took me about a week to finish this one. Though I did not at any point feel the urge to drop it, I didn't feel my usual drive to complete. So a mediocre work from Mr. Gaiman - his first book I felt this way about.
B000069AUI|4.0|This was a gift for me, and it took some time to grow. But if you're a fan of mellow music with truly inspired lyrics, this will work for you. <br />&quot;God Put A Smile&quot; is my favourite non-radio track, with its low beat and cynical lyrics, but the rest of the album is solid - &quot;Amsterdam&quot; is a stunning finish, and &quot;Daylight&quot; gets into your head in the best possible way. And &quot;The Scientist&quot; ... well, I'll just say there are not many songs with the power to tear me up. (Ryan Adams' &quot;La Cienega Just Smiled&quot; is one of the only others I can think of.)<br />You have to have very specific tastes to enjoy this album, but if you do, you'll never put it away.
B0000DBJDM|4.0|I was very excited when this DVD appeared (actually months earlier in other countries). I am rating this concert as the best Pink Floyd performance (although the recent Waters and Gilmor's concerts despite their age are very close). Nevertheless, the Director's Cut is actually quite inferior to the original movie (thanks God they included it also on the disc). First of all, it is anamorphic 19:9, i.e., parts of the picture is cut out and it shows. I would have rather concentrated on remixing the sound into 5.1 as they did with the Dark Side of the Moon. This was a missed opportunity to have an early Floyd in 5.1. Second, the movie is so watered down that the title &quot;Live in Pompeii&quot; becomes irrelevant. It looks like as &quot;Live in the Cosmos&quot; or &quot;Live Somewhere with Occasional Presence in Pompeii&quot;. The original movie was perfectly balanced with respect to shots from Pompeii and around. I also don't understand the logic behind rearranging the original song sequence (I might be little conservative here). So hang on to those VHS tapes people (actually, the quality of the video of this VHS rivals many other DVDs and it is even better in some instances, as for example Peter Gabriel's Secret World live).
B000099T2L|5.0|Now I know that people have their own opinions of Beyonce and her talent, but whatever- there will always be haters. When I picked this album up, I thought that Beyonce took a great risk by having so many ballads on her album. However, I like the fact that she did not necessarily follow other mainstream artists and fill her album with a lot of crazy Jeep beats. I think that the only reason that people say that they don't like the album is because of all of the slow songs. It couldn't possibly be because of the vocals, because she sounds phenominal from beginning to end. I love the collaboration with Luther Vandross on &quot;The Closer I Get to You&quot;. People should give her more credit for being a versatile artist. I will say, however, that I'm not &quot;Dangerously In Love&quot; with her image these days, but hopefully she will one day see that she should put a little more clothing on and let her great talent speak for itself.
B00006BTCA|5.0|I haven't been able to stop listening to this CD.  After listening to Obstacle #1 I feel the immediate need to throw on She's Lost Control by Joy Division then I immediately throw on some Echo and the Bunnymen and finally 100 Years by The Cure.  Finally I go back to Interpol.  I love this CD.
0385504209|3.0|A great book to read on a plane.  It starts out very strong and keeps you guessing throughout.  Ending is a little weak.
B000002KN8|5.0|I am 26 years old and I have been a fan of Depeche Mode since I was about 10 years old.  I remember listening to this tape with my sister in her room and thinking how great this band is.  I still love their music.  I listen to them every day.  I have all their CDs and I got to see them in concert during there Exciter tour.  I guarantee that you will fall in love with Depeche Mode and appreciate their talents and Martin Gore's song writing skills.
006016848X|2.0|I did not receive this book from amazon.com. Luckily I got it for free, because if I would've purchased this book I would have been pissed. This book does not apply to any relationship I know of. It is a total piece of crap! DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY! There are so many other relationship books out there, that actually are helpful, useful, and practical, this is not it.
0486411818|3.0|The first reviewer states that the code is available for download. The text references this non existant code throughout the entire volume but it cannot be found anywhere. The site referenced in the book;<BR> &quot;NOTE: The software described in this book may be downloaded from [...]<BR>does not have the download although it does have a reference to a high cost seminar in Europe by the author. Also, this site refuses eMail inquiries.  I finally gave up and purchased the older hard copy version which at least has the &quot;old&quot; source for DLEARN.   Other than this frustrating nonsence by the author, it is a good FEA study.
B000002UB3|5.0|Looking at my collection, one will see I mostly love Funk and Soul, with a little bit of Hip Hop-- but the Beatles really play the hell outta some music on this one! As a child, I used to love that movie Sgt. Pepper's Lonley Hearts Club Band- never noticing it's not a good story at all, but it's the music that makes it worth watching. It was the first time I heard &quot;I Want You&quot; and I have been stuck on this album since my sister first played it for me. &quot;Oh Darling&quot; is sung with the strong emotional passion of true blues. &quot;You never give me your Money&quot; gives a creative spin to the traumas of love. When I heard &quot;Because&quot; during the credits of American Beauty I screamed...that song is wonderful. I cannot disappear without mentioning my all time favorite Beatles classic &quot;Something&quot;. Musiq Soulchild should get a long lecture for ever trying to remake this classic- it CANNOT be done! This album is poetry...it's a classic...everyone should have it now! I will always be a Beatles fan!
B00005JLYW|1.0|This is the worst film ever. I picked up this film because I thought &quot;Hey, this is cheap and Lucy Liu was nice to look at in 'Kill Bill' and Cammy Diaz looks like that girl I used to work with that was so hot and I DO love cheesecake.&quot; What a mistake. At no point does this movie approach anything that is a conceivable reality. A Roadrunner cartoon seems like a National Geographic documentary compared to this piece of refuse. There is no joy, fun or semblance of coherence to any single element of this movie. It is a random, slipshod piece of bloated Hollywood trash that seems to have no target audience but instead seems to be concerned with having something for everyone and is convinced it is giving people what they want. It is filled with all the hip, cutting edge music from 1998 and McG's video direction past comes thru as the narrative is foresaken for glossy shots that are painful to look at. He knows nothing about shot composition. The movie is filled with abhorrent CG effects that ape the Matrix-school but look like they were done before the technology of the first Matrix movie. And wow, an orthodontist doesn't even see this much wire-work in a lifetime of practice. Perhaps the whole movie is best summed up at the final image when the Angels are all laughing like vapid, empty-souled, hollow-headed infants at falling gold confetti. Perhaps the movie-makers assumed the viewers would have the same reaction to shiny nothingness and enjoy this movie, but as it stands, the only audience that could be so easily fooled is jackdaws and magpies.
B0000DBJDM|5.0|Please ignore the Director's Cut !<br />We are fortunate that the original concert film is included on the DVD. Go directly there - it is in &quot;features&quot;.<br />The Director's Cut pretty much destroys all the virtues of the original terrific film.<br />One of the best aspects of the original film is that you see each vocal, solo, etc. completely without the distraction of other scenes, and thus it gave you the feel of being there. This was aided by the exclusive use of tracks for the cameras, so any motion was a slow pan, much as if you yourself were walking across the front of the stage.<br />This is all ruined - in the Director's Cut - by using footage from outer space and the studio.<br />Plus, some of the footage is simply not in the Director's Cut, like the opening footage of the stage being setup, and the very slow zoom into the stage.<br />And, to top it off, the &quot;widescreen&quot; aspect of the Director's Cut is simply cropping (so it is not &quot;OAR&quot;) - for example, in the great guitar solo in Echoes, the Director's Cut cuts off the left hand on the guitar in many scenes.<br />So, in short, Pink Floyd fans should buy this for the superb versions of Echoes and Set the Controls for the Heart of the Sun, and go straight to the original version in the &quot;Extras&quot;.
B00005JL3A|3.0|What to say about RESIDENT EVIL? Well, the film's director, Paul Anderson, is probably one of the most hated directors in Internet land and while I don't hold as harsh of an opinion on the man as many do, I still don't think he's anything great and I definitely don't think he is qualified to direct his next feature, ALIEN VS. PREDATOR. Anyway, that's beside the point. How did Anderson do with the adaptation of one of the most popular video games of all time? Unlike its video game turned big screen adventure predecessor TOMB RAIDER, RESIDENT EVIL isn't a total waste. However, at the same time, for as much action and danger as the story tells us is going on during the film we don't really see all that much happen. <BR> What RESIDENT EVIL does well though is the way it thrusts us into what we are able to see happening. In the first five minutes, several people are dead and we are introduced to the lovely and very naked Milla Jovovich who stars as the films lead character, Alice. Granted, RESIDENT EVIL doesn't break any new ground whatsoever with the things it shows us. The things we see throughout the film are actually borrowed from several other movies ranging everywhere from DAWN OF THE DEAD to ALIENS to that Bridget Fonda LA FEMME NIKITA movie. But that doesn't mean it isn't fun to watch them again does it? <BR> I admittedly don't know that much about the video games of RESIDENT EVIL other than the fact that I know there are zombies in them so I don't know if the film is faithful to the video game or not. What I do know is that as shallow as it is, I had a pretty good time watching RESIDENT EVIL. While the film may be brain dead, it's still fun, popcorn munching entertainment.<br />C+
B0000C0FJB|2.0|This is easily the worst-sounding live album from Rush ever; it's even worse than the antiquated All The World's A Stage. Rush definitely are still in fine form performance-wise, but the audio mix on this recording is horribly muddled and the crowd's screaming on top of it just makes it worse. This is truly a shame given the poor audio mix evident as well on their last studio album, Vapor Trails, an album which contains some of the best music Rush has produced in ten years or more. I get the feeling that the guys mixing the album (which I think included Alex Lifeson) did the best they could with what they had, but in the end it is very disappointing. I have no doubt that long-time fans like myself will buy this album and its associated DVD anyway, as they still provide at least one session's worth of enjoyment, and the DVD of course provides a rare look at Rush &quot;behind-the-scenes,&quot; something which fans have never really gotten before.
B000000H7I|5.0|I remembered how shocked I was when I first heard slayer's reign in blood,but then I heard this album and reign in blood was blown out of the water.This album is so incredibly brutal,fast and heavy.The guitar work is excellent to say the least and the drumming is almost inhuman.An instant classic in the genre and not to be missed.I highly recommend picking this one up because I promise you will not be disappointed.
B00000ILDE|2.0|ALIENS is a movie that doesn't put enough faith in its story and relies too heavily on cliched characters, absurd one-liners and sappy sentimentality to be a truly great sequel. <br />Like the more recent and equally flawed Armageddon, we Earthlings must put our future in the hands of band of misfits (this time they're Marines, unfortunately) who are so incredibly immature and unprofessional they should make anyone wearing a uniform slouch in their chairs in shame.<br />Unlike the original and wonderful ALIEN, where the characters at least advanced the story, ALIENS introduces us to a cast of Hollywood-crafted stereotypes. We see a hotheaded, bandana-wearing, Hispanic tough girl (Jenette Goldstein) and a cigar-chomping African American drill sergeant (Al Matthews), who should have known better, given his own military background. We are also treated to a cowardly wise-cracking village idiot who actually yells at one point, &quot;We're all gonna die, man!&quot; (Bill Paxton should cut this gig from his resume). Among the secondary characters, only Lance Henriksen and Paul Reiser manage to hit on something believable.<br />There are so many bad lines in this movie, I found myself shaking my head and laughing when I should have been cringing with suspense. Really. The scriptwriting is horrid. <br />Before you guys slam me, I have to admit ALIENS isn't all that bad, especially compared to the later sequels (although I have a thing for Winona Ryder and therefore sorta liked ALIEN: RESURRECTION). Weaver's performance as Ripley is excellent and the writers manage to remain true to her character by giving her interesting things to say. With decent special effects, nice editing and a story line that is basically intriguing, ALIENS is an entertaining popcorn movie despite its many weaknesses.<br />If you're the type of person who loves action movies simply for the flying bullets and cool special effects, I suspect you'll love ALIENS. But if you're like me and prefer thought-provoking, well written, classic science fiction films more in line with the original ALIEN, I think you'll be disappointed with this effort.
B000063DFQ|5.0|This album is very dear to my heart as it was the first metal cd that I have ever bought.Maiden is at their best here with songs like flight of icarus and the trooper.Killer riffs,good solos and good production.I believe there are no fillers on this album and all the songs kick ass.A true metal masterpiece which will live on forever.If you dont have this go out and get this today.UP THE IRONS!!!
B0000C0FJB|2.0|I guess Amazon.com only puts reviews up if they are positive.  I wrote a negative review of this album yesterday, just after I bought it and it never showed up.  And all the other negative reviews are now gone.  Where are they Amazon?<br />Maybe someone should report you guys to the BBB.
B000002TYK|5.0|What's awesome about this CD is that every track is different and unique in its own way. It's not the Foo Fighters greatest CD, (The Colour and the Shape is, one of the greatest CD's ever) but it's still great. For a guy who plays every instrument and sings every song right after what he went through, Dave Ghrol is tremendous. I have a huge amount of respect for him. This CD is catchy, has awesome riffs, and Rocks.
B000067D4C|3.0|If you thought this was good, I have one word for you; Traffik. <br />Go find the original German/British co-production made in the 80s, that this is a merely average remake of. This is too glossy and fails to capture the desperation, fear and loathing of the original mini-series. <br />If you've not seen Traffik, this is worth watching (especially if you prefer glamor to realism). If on the other hand, you have seen the original, this will probably disappoint.
B00006RCOB|2.0|I was rather surprised that Clint Eastwood would be involved in such propoganda. That aside, it did make for a suspenseful story...with a couple of really obvious missteps:<br />1. Why was Gant SO easily persuaded to go along with the mission. I expected at least a half hour or so of rebellion on the part of this ex-Air Force pilot. Instead, he gave in almost instantaneously.<br />2. Has anyone ever seen the sun come out so fast as it did after Gant pulled the plane from the hangar? Wasn't it supposed to be the middle of the night? All of a sudden, the sun was out when the plane took off. I've seen this kind of screw-up before...I remember seeing it once on the &quot;Adam-12&quot; television show....but never in a major motion picture.<br />I can't comment as to the reality of the planes, etc., because I am not familiar enough. But if they can't get night and day straight, I have to wonder if ANY thought was put into reality.
B0000DG00B|5.0|Yes, I'm a self-admitted Allman Fanatic. Having seen the Brothers several times during the Duane Allman/Berry Oakley era, I can attest to their unparaelled ensamble playing. Here the ABB's stretch out, relaxed on their home turf and turn in soaring renditions of Statesboreo Blues, Stormy Monday, Elizabeth Reed and of course Whipping Post and Mountain Jam. <br />This must have been one hell of a festival to attend. Perhaps Columbia will re-release the orginal album in an expanded format and include performances by the likes of Mountain, Procol Harum, Johnny Winter, Ten Years After and Miles Davis. In the meantime I'm loving this great Allman treasure.
6305428042|5.0|I have rented this DVD from Blockbuster numerous times.  I have been looking in stores for this particular DVD and finally ordered it on line.  My daughters, who are ages 3, 4 and 6 love this movie.  It was on regular TV the other night and they were upstairs in the playroom.  As soon as they heard the music, they knew which movie it was and came running down the stairs to watch it.  This is one movie they can watch all day. (And it's not a cartoon.) They just love this movie.  It's very entertaining for them, not scary.  I would recommend this movie in a heartbeat.
B00007LTIA|5.0|Many years ago, when I really listened to this record, on headphones, I experienced one of those rare life changing moments. This record took me to a place -- I can only use the word &quot;spirit&quot;. But I am not sure if there is a good word.<br />Of course, if you want conventional this is not for you. When I am in the mood for inspiration, a journey, I turn to this. And it is always fresh. Tales is amounst other things, about lifting yourself up, how our own personal transformation relates to evolution. <br />    Getting over overhanging trees...<BR>    Didn't we learn to fly?... <BR>    Other skylines to hold you...<br />This album is more than a perfect realisation of music, lyrics, subtlety, originality, and brillant use of just a major scale, (lifting up), as the basis of the material.(!) It also changes your state, maybe your life, to a higher place. Corny? I can be a cynical person so I do not say this lightly -- I am not a typical &quot;new-ager&quot;. (I do not like most &quot;new age&quot; music.) It really can do this if you are open to it.<br />I will just add that though I do not own much Prog Rock amoung the hundreds of CDs I have, this is perhaps my favorite record of all --for sure in the top 5.
B000002LK1|5.0|This is to me without a doubt the best Depeche Mode CD ever made. I would give every song but one a five star rating (I would have to give &quot;Personal Jesus&quot; a 3), this CD stirs up a lot of emotion and wonderful memories for me.<br />I was always so amazed that Violator got so much notice in the main stream, which I don't think is a bad thing at all, I was just shocked that it got its due recognition.<br />My personal three favorite songs happen to be the ones that were never huge on the radio or in the clubs, &quot;Clean&quot;, &quot;Halo&quot; and &quot;Sweetest Perfection&quot;. The huge hit of Violator just happens to be my least favorite track as I stated earlier (Personal Jesus), but as a goth/industrial type DJ there is no excuse in the world for not owning this CD!<br />Great dance floor tracks include:<BR>World in My Eyes<BR>Personal Jesus<BR>Enjoy the Silence<BR>Policy of Truth<br />Other tracks I spin also include:<BR>Clean<BR>Halo<BR>Sweetest Perfection<BR>Waiting for the night<br />As a music fan and a DJ, you MUST own this CD! This is one of my top five favorite releases ever!
B00008J4P5|5.0|If you like rock guitar/blues guitar, you have to have this album.  &quot;Ball and Biscuit&quot; is one of the top blues guitar songs of all time.  Homage to Hendrix.  &quot;The Hardest Button to Button,&quot; &quot;You've Got No Faith in Medicine,&quot; &quot;Seven Nation Army,&quot;  all tremendous, unique rock and roll songs.  Thank you Jack White.  You rock.
0792164903|5.0|Sleepy Hollow is a brilliant masterpiece. It is the best thing that I've seen for a long time aready- and I've seen the Sleepy Hollow movie 18 times already including in French. The actors are wonderful, the scenery is beautiful, the architecture is gorgeous and the computer graphics that they use are AMAZING. I strongly reccomend that every own a copy of the sleepy hollow movie in their home, because it is truly the best movie there is out there. If I could, I'd give 10 stars!It is the Ultimite TIM BURTON movie!
B00009TB5G|4.0|Like many other viewers of the film with a background in Tolkien, I was at first shocked by many of the changes made to the story to present it in film form.  However, I have finally come to terms with the \\"changes\\" in the movie.  I know that many folks were particularly horrified at the depiction of Faramir, stating that he was not as honorable as in the book - and didn't seem to be better than Boromir.  In some ways this argument is true.  However, if one consideres his character in the book, they will see that the film actually creates a very unique protrayal of Faramir.  Essentially, Faramir, portrayed as being very human rather than the quintessence of morality seen in the book, is brought to the point of making a decision about the ring, just as Boromir was.  Yet where Boromir failed through his greed and weakness, Faramir succeeded, and thus did prove to be the greater of the two.<br />My only problem with the film concerned the character of Aragorn after he fell off of the cliff and was rescued by Arwen via a horse named \\"Brego\\".  Who the hell is Brego and what is he doing in this film?  If you read the LOR companions you find that Brego was the second king of Rohan - he was never a horse.  Arwen does send a horse for Aragorn in The Return of the King.  His name is Roheryn, not Brego.<br />I did like the Ents, and I loved what Jackson did at the end of the film when Gandalf appears on the cliffs above Helms Deep.  In the book Gandalf arrives with troops that are on foot, but in the film he returns with the riders of Rohan - very dramatic, even if it was a departure from the book.
B0000C0FJB|2.0|Good selection of tunes, Lousy distorted mix :(<BR>the audience is loud as the band and ALL is DISTORTED.<br />Before you buy this cd look for a demo and listen for yourself.<br />But Rush are playing they're asses off, Musically they still have it, geddy's voice is still there, man he can sing/scream still.
B00006L83N|5.0|Ok - they're compared to Dream Theater, but stand their own. This particular CD is heavier than any Dream Theater, and truly kicks ass. So, let's compare, shall we?<br />Michael Romeo is an AWESOME guitar player. Virtually an underrated, unknown, who BLOWS AWAY alot of big names, but there's only one Petrucci. He SHREDS though, without a doubt...<br />Russell Allen's vocals are VERY good as well. BETTER than LaBrie, but who we kiddin', Labrie ain't THAT great. His voice can range from raspy, to punishing, to melodic, with excellent written harmonies. He can hang with the best of 'em...<br />Michael Lapond is a DAMN GOOD bass player, but who cares about the bass player??<br />Jason Rullo is a bad-ass drummer. I'm kinda partial to Portnoy, but it's a close call. This guy's got some KILLER double-bass work on here, as well as the other CD's. He's a fluent, pocket-drummer, and REAL good... <br />Michael Pinella,(alot of friggin' Michaels in this band), is a good keyboard player. I personallly like the piano-type melodies on song 4. I can do without the keyboard solos, though not many on this CD.<br />The production and mix is first-rate. The incredible guitar tone makes me damp with envy, and the vocals, bass and drums are awesome as well. It's worth every penny. Unless you're an idiot, you'll wear it out!
B0000C0FJB|1.0|I am counting the days (perhaps hours) until THIS post is removed.<br />I am very disappointed in Amazon.com. They have willfully removed many, many reviews, none of which that I have seen violates their review rules. Two rules I have broken here - I have NOT purchased this CD and I am not reviewing it directly.<br />What I wish to say is that I completely trust the submissions that I have read, because I know these are the true fans that could not wait for this latest release, and could not believe what they were hearing. I can imagine their disappointment, because I have felt the exact same way about purchasing a live CD, and while listening to it, can just hear 'contract release' being subliminally transferred to my cerebellum. I felt the recording device was 'Mr. Microphone' laying next to one of the monitors on the stage.<br />I'm not saying this review is fair. But when more than a handful have submitted the exact same complaint, you can get the feeling that something is amiss.<br />Based on the ERASED reviews, Rush should be ashamed of themselves, as well as Amazon.
0345440900|1.0|I purchased this book on the advice of a friend. I have a pretty fussy 2 1/2 month old and needed some advice. I like Tracy's E.A.S.Y. (Eat--Activity--Sleep--You time) method but not the way she approachs it.       Her method may work for some babies but I feel like I literally TORTURED my poor baby for two days trying to use her theories. She advocates letting baby fall asleep on his own without being held, rocked, or nursed to sleep. Just put baby down, if he cries pick him up until he stops and then put him back down. Repeat this as many times as necessary until baby falls asleep on his own. She claims this can take weeks and hundreds of tries. Well guess what....I did this for two days and my baby CRIED (I mean CRIED!!!!) for two days. It got to the point that he stopped smiling and stopped eating well because he was so exhausted.       THIS IS DANGEROUS. IT IS CALLED FAILURE TO THRIVE.       By nighttime he slept only because he was so tired and I rocked him to sleep. I decided two days was enough...... I think I cried as much as him.       I do use her Eat--Activity--Sleep--You method, but on terms that work with ME and MY son. (I rock him to sleep) And guess what, it didn't even take one day of this and he is all smiles again and eating and sleeping wonderfully.       My advice is her theories are nice but use them wisely. Do what is right for YOU and YOUR baby, not what one book says. Her methods also don't really allow for really good bonding time. I felt detached from my baby trying to put him on such a rigid schedule. A routine is great but a little change is also good too. Teach your baby it's ok to fall asleep sitting in his bouncer if he wants, or on his floor matt (if monitored properly), or wherever he wants.....Just as long as he does fall asleep and get his rest--right? Just do what is right for you and YOUR baby. The book WHAT TO EXPECT THE FIRST YEAR is MUCH better.
6302968135|5.0|powerful and violent, this is a extrodinary and moving drama about three friends who takes paths of their own and then end up against one another. Benjamin Bratt and Damian Chapa are fantastic, Bratt is way better in Pinero though. Ving Rhames and Billy Bob Thornton also star in this grand look at the life in L.A. and the Chicano heritage.
078322608X|4.0|In the future there is a lot of cellophane.  I always liked 12 Monkeys, in part because it's Gilliam and his weird hi-lo tech / grimy futurescapes are always interesting and also because I think Bruce Willis gives one of his better performances.  30 years from now scientists underground send Bruce back to hopefully weed out the reasons and logistics of how a virus decimated 5 billion people in 1996.  Bruce, landing naked six years too early in 1990, is predictably carted off to the loony bin.  While incarcerated, he meets Madeleine Stowe as his shrink and Brad Pitt giving a marvelously manic performance complete with wandering eye, as a fellow inmate who happens to be the son of a famous virologist.  Plagued by nightmares which would ostensibly seem to deal with the initial outbreak of the disease, Willis soldiers on through capture, de-brief in the future, and re-insertion to the past.  Many of the images of the film are dark, dank, bleak, absurd and humourous on one level, but there are some moments of sheer hope and joy that seem touching they're so out of place, like when Bruce weeps with pleasure hearing torch songs of the fifties/sixties.  The relationship between Willis and Stowe is very interesting and tender, they alternate protecting and revealing vulnerabilities to each other.  Like all time travel films, there are some paradoxes as well, especially with Willis at the end.  This film can't be easily categorized or pigeonholed, it is an experience unto itself when viewed.  But it is definitely recommended as a quirky sci-fi classic to own on DVD.
6302298695|5.0|Boyz N Tha Hood stands into the line of being one of the best movies depicting life in the hood or South Central. I think john Singleton made a god point here. the 3 actors who play friends, Ice Cube, Cuba Gooding Jr and Morris Chestnut are magnificent and powerful. there's no flaws here only its length of time. Laurence(or Larry) Fishburne as father Furious is in one of his best roles, who tries hard to teach his son values in life. the shocking and most saddening part would be when Ricky(Chestnut) gets killed and then when Ice Cube gets his revenge. Singleton did a good job with the script also, basically telling what he saw when he was growing up in that area
B0000C8AVM|4.0|The sound is impeccable, the album is great, but if you really like BOT you should seek out the original version (available on various boots, I'm thinking in particular of &quot;The New York Sessions&quot;).  It's alot more laid-back, and is for my money the definitive version.  Bonus- it contains a version of &quot;Lily, Rosemary...&quot; that isn't annoying after 3 minutes.
B00003CXB4|5.0|It's wonderful that Disney decided to rerelease &quot;The Lion King&quot;.  It's more than just a rerelease, they added some new features like deleted scenes, a new song by Elton John, the restored and remastered version, and much more.  This gives the soon-to-be classic the continuing recognition that it deserves.  <br />Besides this, the production and the animation was wonderfully projected for its 1994 release.  The setting and the animals' behavior proves that the creaters researched everything fully.  The accuracy is perfent.  The storyline is enjoyable for those of all ages, combining musical, action, comedy, and suspense.  Such combination keeps the audience's eyes close to the screen, always anxious to the next scene.  The songs are very catchy, symbolizing the events.  The actors perform their voiceovers wonderfully, giving their characters the humor and suspense: Oscar winners Whoopi Goldberg and Jeremy Irons, Oscar nominee James Earl Jones, Tony winners Nathan Lane and Matthew Broderick, Jonathan Taylor Thomas, Cheech Marin, Roman Atkinson, and more.<br />Elton John and Tim Rice offer their knowledge to the music.  Their catchy music won them an Oscar for Best Original Song(&quot;Can You Feel the Love Tonight&quot;).  The score writer also won an Oscar for his efforts.  His research of African music helped his music shine with the animated surroundings.  The songs blend perfectly with the script, giving them smooth unity.  The special features DVD features two music videos: &quot;Circle of Life&quot; and &quot;Can You Feel the Love Tonight&quot;.  Fans of this music should also buy the soundtrack.  It's as enjoyable as the movie.<br />Other special features include a behind-the-scenes look at the making of &quot;The Lion King&quot;.  The many games created specially for this rerelease are enjoyable.  One feature offers the music with subtitles, allowing a sing-along festival.  The 1994 interview with Elton John offers some interesting words.<br />Those who watch &quot;The Lion King&quot; will not be disappointed.  Fans of this movie should also purchase the original 1994 release.  Though the same, it travels deeper through the producers' minds from the time of creation.
B0000AQVCL|3.0|Just when the onslaught of rock revival bands seemed to be dying down, the Australians come marching in. Apparently, The Hives, The Strokes, The White Stripes, and The Vines aren't enough. And despite lacking &quot;The&quot; in the band name, Jet lands smoothly in the already overpopulated genre in nearly all other aspects.<br />Similar to e=mc (minus the genius), Get Born is a formula. Take four Aussies (two of which are required to  be siblings), inject some traditional rock (creating the foundation), add a little garage punk (to give the mix a bit of an edge), blend in some sloppy production (don't be stingy with the synthesized background clapping), and (of course) name one of the tracks &quot;Take it or Leave It&quot;. <br />Sure, the album brings some pleasurable elements to the table. &quot;Radio Song&quot; is an ironic yet oddly likeable ballad, and the cynically written &quot;Rollover D.J.&quot; is sure to turn some heads. &quot;Get Me Outta Here&quot; and &quot;Get What You Need&quot; are sure to please fans of, &quot;Are You Gonna Be My Girl&quot;, Jet's first single. &quot;Lazy Gun&quot; is a nice departure and &quot;Cold Hard B****&quot; is absolutely irresistible despite the somewhat harsh lyrics.<br />While Nic Cester's howling on &quot;Look What You've Done&quot;, the flawed country ballad &quot;Move On&quot;, and a couple short throwaway tracks might initially put off listeners, there are definitely more pros than cons within the album. <br />The final product? Get Born isn't so much a promising debut as it is a catchy carbon copy. Let's put it this way. If I hear Jet on the radio, I'd turn up the volume. It's not bad at all. To me, it would be senseless to actually buy Get Born because it's a lot easier just to flip through my CD collection at home and pop in Room On Fire, Veni Vidi Vicious, or Get Free. Why buy what I already have?<br />I'll be interested to see how the band approaches their next album. Who knows? Maybe they're just warming up.For now, however, I'll take a pass on Get Born. Naturally, this is all just my opinion. Take it or leave it.
0385504209|2.0|Ordinarily, if I read a thriller like this I would not find the need to comment on it. However, there has been way too many accolades heaped upon a book that, while interesting, is poorly written, has cartoonish characters, and a simplistic plot.<br />I can only surmise that some people &quot;love&quot; this book more for its fictional hypothesis than for any literary merit.  And I'm not judging it by high-brow standards. Mr. Brown simply does not write as well as some of his contemporaries within the same genre.<br />Mr. Brown does, however, have a finely-tuned ear. An ear that is able to pick up on the desire for people to re-write history to jibe with current sociological trends.  This is fictional religious history for the &quot;girls kick ass!&quot; crowd.  I suspect that Mr. Brown, in all honesty, wrote this book with more of an eye towards the &quot;almighty dollar&quot; than the &quot;sacred feminine.&quot;<br />In which case, this book is a resounding success. What was it that PT Barnum said about suckers?
B00005JMCN|4.0|If you've got as far as MY review, thanks. I must tell you that although the style and cinematography (as we called it in the old days) of this film is strongly reminiscent of the assembly-line films of the 1940's-50's, that is also its great strength. It is one of the few modern movies that can literally appeal to everyone. (I generally hate to use that catchphrase,because to me it smacks of mediocrity,and this movie has its share...) but in this case I apply it because it has an enduring theme. Everyone can find something to like in the Horatio-Alger-like (or maybe, for today's younger citizens, Schwarzenegger-like...?) tale of people who wound up in the public eye because they were found by the right people, at the right time, and in the right place. In the 'Biscuit's case, he ran his tail off for some time before he was \\"found\\". I saw the movie first and then read Hillenbrand's really beautifully written book, and as a result, renewed my interest in horses (what little girl didn't love horses?) and our local historic track, Bay Meadows. As a result I am becoming involved in saving a track in the middle of the most computer-driven community in the country. The town council, San Mateo, seems to want to sever all ties to the very earthy world of horse-racing. Bay Meadows belongs to the WORLD. Ok, Amazon will likely delete my comments, but if they don't, PLEASE look at Bay Meadows website (a logical guess at the address) and check the history...if you love Seabiscuit, help preserve a famous track he ran on. Ok, off my high horse. Bottom line---EXCELLENT MOVIE.
B000001F76|5.0|Hank Williams is a true master of words. As one reviewer previously mentioned, no lyricist or poet ever used such simple English to express such complicated feelings. On top of Hank's lyrical brilliance, he was a vocal genius. In the same way that Muddy Waters almost &quot;created&quot; the intonations in the vocals of all modern blues singers, Hank &quot;created&quot; the intonations and pauses in the vocals of all modern country singers. Both men were masters of vocal subtlety.<BR>As for these two cd's, they are flawless. Sure, maybe your favorite Hank Williams song is missing, and there is one you're not crazy about in this collection. However, this is as perfect as a Hank cd can be. Hank Williams is probably one of the 10 greatest artists in the history of music; buy this cd now!
B000008DKG|5.0|I first heard this album in 1994, one year after its release. It was a different sound than could be found at the time. It had some special characteristics that I'd never heard before. <BR>The Blue Nile, from Glasgow, Scotland, made up of four men who wanted more from being  musicians than the fame that pop music had brought many of their contemporaries, made this masterpiece on a low budget, using Studio downtime. <BR>The result was a collection of edgy, harsh but mysterious tracks, still loaded with craft and melody, and a voice that drew its character more from Sinatra than Le Bon.<BR>Its starts with the title track &quot;A Walk Across the Rooftops&quot;. A combination of street sounds, synth orchestra and bass guitar, which breaks noisily into the red.<BR>&quot;Tinseltown in the Rain&quot;, which time would prove to be writer Paul Buchanan best, reaches heights I had never before experienced. Its piled higher and higher with rhythm, texture, emotion, and a driving sense of urgency..I will listen to this song forever.<BR>Each of the tracks seems to transport you to another place  and time, I can still remember my first journey's. Side two takes you to melancholy Sunday afternoons in the spring. &quot;Easter Parade&quot;, and you can hear and smell those quiet, yet colourful days..I could feel the morning dew.<BR>I recommend this album to you.
B000002H5I|5.0|Tracey Chapman's self-titled debut is stunningly delicate and straightforward all at once. All the songs are ones of sheer beauty. Despite the fact there are no intruments in the song, Tracey pulls off the eerie &quot;Behind the Wall&quot; and uses her warbly voice as an instrument to speak out against domestic abuse. All the songs on here are more than listenable, but I don't particularly care for &quot;Fast Car&quot; (the one and only big hit). I myself prefer side 2 (still got my worn-out tape), but the only made-for-radio songs (Fast Car and Talkin' 'Bout a Revolution) are on side 1. If you decide to buy Tracey's debut, I suggest starting on the second half of the disc or tape, and then you'll appreciate her delicate beauty even more. This isn't a happy album, but that doesn't mean it's depressing, either. It's just realistic. It's also very insightful and inspiring, and I hope you love as much as I do<br />Standouts: <BR>She's Got Her Ticket      <BR>Why?      <BR>For My Lover    <BR>If Not Now      <BR>For You <BR>Mountains O' Things
0380977788|2.0|I've read Gaiman before, and this wasn't quite what I was expecting... Seriously, this book creeped me out. It tells the story of a young girl, Coraline, who discovers there is a whole parallel world on the other side of one of the doors in her flat. It has an Alice in Wonderland feel to it, but the illustrations enhance the creepiness of what Coraline finds in the other world. My roommate wouldn't even look at the front of the book! :) Coraline makes several trips to the other world...but gets stuck there. Strange overall story...
B00005J6T1|4.0|Madonna I must admit as a 6 year old I dint hear about madonna till Like a Virgin. Now that I have this cool LP, it rocks. This is the album that is the true home of madonna timeless classic (HOLIDAY) 1983 charted well was cool to dance to. 1993 was unavoidable, 2003 still is able to move the house. Its a must album to own and cherish..
B00005B36H|5.0|the best tool album yet, sorry guys but this album is above and beyond aenima.deep lyrics and incredible musicianship.gets better everytime i listen to it. listen carefully, this album is for those who really think,not for those pop loving airheads out there who are just interested in an instantly satisfying sound. you should buy this.
B0000C0FJB|2.0|this is rush at the top of their game, performance wise.  <BR>no way to refute that.  but the mix is very muddy and the vocals are frequently burried beneath the mud.  overall, it's hard to get past the sound quality.   this should have been offered as a free download from their website, or at least advertised as more of a bootleg.  for twenty five bucks, i'd like something of much higher fidelity.  so many of these rush fans have bought stacks of rush cds and paid top dollar for concert tickets, how about putting in the effort for<BR>a top shelf live recording?
B0000AXE8I|5.0|THis movie takes us back to the world introduced in the first Matrix movie.  In this world, machines rule the planet and humans are enslaved in a virtual world and are used as a power source by the machines.  However, some people are able to break out of this system.  In the first movie, we are introduced to Neo.  It is discovered that he is some type of savior--The One.  In this second movie, Neo follows the quest to fulfill his destiny.  There are several surprises along the way, including the return of his nemesis, Smith.  If you thought the first movie was complex, this one really increases the complexity.  There's just one bad point.  The scenes that take place in Zion are dead space.  They could have been cut, or a better job should have been done on them.  However, I think the action later makes up for it.<br />The action in this movie is excellent.  THe combination of wire action and CG really put the action into a world of fantasy.  There are two scenes which are worth mentioning.  First, there is an excellent fight scene in which Neo fights 100 agent Smiths.  It starts out small, but it steadily builds up to a climax.  Another excellent scene is a particularly exciting highway chase.  The highway was built especially for this movie, so they are able to crash a lot of cars.  If you're a lover of destruction, you've just got to love it.
B000092ZYX|5.0|I cant tell you this is the best album (because to me all their albums are the best depending on what kinda of mood im in) but I have read many reviews saying this is not the Bends or OK computer, or pablo honey......stop living in the pasts granted all albums were great(and still are) Radiohead is no longer just another Guitar band..they are literally in a music genre all their own...and if you like only The Bends and Ok Computer and nothing else(or saw their Albums getting worse and worse) than you are not a true radiohead fan and only follow the media(Hi the bends and Ok computer both were highly praised and won many awwards which is prolly the only reason many of you saw them as great)...for all us who loved Kid A, Amnesiac along with all the others of course, this CD is a god send and Thom Yorkes genius never ceases to amaze me (along with Johnny, Ed, Colin but not really as much on the CD as whern i saw them live)...THis CD in my opinon is a mix between OK computer and the kid a/amnesiac CDs...so if you didnt like kida amnsiac you prolly wont like this nor can you call yourself a radiohead fan
B00003CX95|5.0|Mel Gibson plays William Wallace, Scottish warrior and patriot.  In the time period of this movie, the Scottish are fighting against the cruel and repressive English lead by King Edward Longshanks.  Edward is a very cruel and bitter man, further enraged by his son's disinterest in the affairs of state.  William Wallace was intent on living  a life of peace and farming, but a personal tragedy drives him to become the great general of the Scottish armies.<br />I was really moved by this movie.  It reall brings out the tears in even the toughest of people.  It successfully combines the romance and war movie genres.  Usually movies which try to combine these genres do a bad job on one or both elements.  Because this successfully combines both genres, I think both men and women can enjoy it equally.<br />Another point--the battle scenes are very realistic.  If you are sensitive, you may not enjoy these scenes, but I believe they are necessary in this case.  They are needed to show how terrible war is.  Of course there are things worth fighting for--protection of our families and our freedoms, but it is a crime to make war for pride or for profit.  We should think carefully about this point, and I believe this movie helps us to visualize this point.  This movie is a definite must-see.
B00004VVNB|2.0|Plot is pretty good, dialogue stilted but could be salvaged, but dear god, please get rid of those cheesy Star-Trek sets and costumes, and that horrible soundtrack. If someone really talented did this it could be extremely chilling. As it is it's about half a step up from William Shatner.
0156027321|4.0|Mr. Martel is an accomplished writer, and this work showcases that admirably.  Regardless of whether it lives up to its claim of making you believe in God, the characters are well-drawn, the action is memorable, and the ending thought-provoking.
0767802659|3.0|It is amazing to read the previous reviews and not wonder if the authors actually read the book before or after viewing the movie.  The movie is a great action packed computer graphics film that should satisfy any shoot-em up and/ or sci-fi buff. The comments about fascism are typical liberal bull spun into a critique about a film that is loosely based on Mr. Heinlien's 1959 military science fiction classic.        While the movie graphics depicting the \\"Bugs\\" are wonderful, it seems a shame this couldn't carry over to Mobile Infantry!  The original book went into great detail about the training boot camp and power suits of the Mobile Infantry.  A few boot camp scenes are there in the movie with co-ed combat units not found in the orginial story.         However, the primary fault with the movie is the missing power suits.  This concept is what gives a human an equal chance against something like a \\"Bug\\".  Replacing the power suit weapons system with a heavy automatic rifle/ shotgun combination was a weak compromise at best. Still, the use of massed firepower made the outpost sequence equal to the final monments of \\"Zulu\\".       The movie also glossed over the life change an individual can have going through boot camp and the fact that this process hasn't really changed since the days of Roman legions. There comes a point in any training camp where a person realizes they are going to make it come what may.  This sort of confidence is hard to explain to anyone that hasn't experienced it.  It is shared by doctors, nurses, policemen, firefighters, and everyone in the military.        The other facet of society in the book that was lightly touched upon in the movie was the right of citizenship.  The other critiques refer to this as fascism or glorifying the military but these opinions are contrary to everything Mr. Heinlein ever wrote.  The global society envisioned by Robert Heinlein was based on individual freedom and responsibility.  The freedom to vote was based oncitizens earning that right through military service.  It is strange to read other people thinking this is some sort of totalitarian propoganda when many European countries require some form of national service from most of their secondary school graduates.      Still, even misguided liberal idiots are entitled to their opinions and a rose colored view of the world.  I throughly enjoyed the movie and highly recommend it.  The visual effects make up for the missing parts of the storyline.  The action sequences almost make up for the missing power suits.  Of course a \\"Bolo\\" would have been better!
B00004U8JU|1.0|As another reviewer mentions below, there were several defective pressings of the DTS version of this video.  I ordered a copy for my adult son's birthday. My son is an avid surround sound user, and noticed immediately he had one of the defective pressings (and fyi,you can't tell until you open the package and read the numbers pressed on the disc whether you have a good one or not).  So we returned it to Amazon, and they sent us another defective one.  Since this trading game could have gone on forever, I wrote an email to Universal Studios customer service who very quickly traded the defective copy for a good one.  Beware of Amazon's inventory.  Unless they have returned all the old ones to Universal to get good ones, you still might be at risk of an old pressing that will not give good surround sound.  This problem is the only reason I gave 1 star.  I would like to have rated it N/A or blank, but the website software wouldn't allow it.
B00008J4P5|1.0|Posers folks, posers.  Not revolutionary. Not even near classic.  Rolling Stone lied to you.  This is what happens when an elephant eats too many of your peanuts and you are standing behind his backside.  Ker-plop.  You've been had because you weren't truly feeling the music.  And please stop blasphemizing classic rock with comparisons to truly great artists.
B0000C7PQK|5.0|All those naysayers... Music snobs.  I hate reading all these attempts to intellectually describe this music and how it has \\"changed\\" and is not what it should or could be.  Blah blah blah.  The sky is falling!  Enigma is to have new sound!  Fans tremble at the thought, fearing the loss of, uh, something.  How can you lose anything when you already have a handful of Enigma CDs packed with history?  People fear changes in musical direction because they're addicted to the old, to the past..<br />Does this ring a bell?  \\"Nothing changes ... and yet there are changes.\\"  And remember that Solomon said there is nothing new under the sun?<br />Did you hear me?  If you fear the changes in this music, then consider yourself an addict.  Get the appropriate help.<br />The fact is there is nothing to lose.<br />The initial airing of Voyageur occurred in my GMC truck.  It was terrible.  I was bummed.  Almost tossed it out the window.  Not the CD's fault.  What can you expect from OEM stereo gear? Ah, but then  I popped the plastic disc into my home system and hid myself from the world under a pair of earphones and-oh my god!  Simply awesome.  Be prepared for immense drums and percussion, complex rhythms, and unusual sounds.<br />Gone are the chants and I missed them.  At first.  But there are plenty of surprises in Voyageur.  Rid yourself of your addiction to the old and open up to the new.  Boum-Boum is silly?  Not!  It plain rocks!  \\"My heart goes boom boom boom every time I think of you.\\"  What, are you too much of a snob to enjoy the simplicity and raw emotion of the image \\"boom boom\\" creates in your mind?  If I were a woman, I'd say Boum Boum is sweet.  But since I'm not a woman, I won't.<br />Yes, there are changes. And I like them very much.  I hope you will, too.  If you are simply overwhelmed with the thought that the changes may be too much for you, try this:  Pretend you've never heard Enigma before.  Pretend Voyageur is Enigma I.  Judge it as it stands all on its own without the burden of the past.  If then you don't like it, send the CD to me and I'll give it to a friend.<br />The only one fault I can find with Voyageur is it's too short.  But then, Enigma always has me longing for more.  That's my own addiction, I admit it.on its own without the burden of the past.  If then you don't like it, send the CD to me and I'll give it to a friend.<br />The only one fault I can find with Voyageur is it's too short.  But then, Enigma always has me longing for more.  That's my own addiction, I admit it.
B00005OM4N|5.0|In my opinion, this is bar far her best album to date. All of these songs are great! \\"I`m a Slave 4 U\\" shows us that she can be sexy, but still wants to have a good time. \\"Overprotected,\\" shows us that she can take care of herself and that there is such a thing as too much. \\"What it`s like to be me\\" shows us that she just wants to be herself and that not just anybody can have her. In \\"Britney,\\" she  teaches us that she has emotions, can get over the pains and sorrow of love; and that she is not just another pretty face on a cover, but an intellectual and smart young woman. Yes there are quite a bit of people who would argue with me; saying that she can't sing , doesn't write her own songs, is as deep as Jennifer Lopez, and that she uses her body through her videos to help with the sales of her music. However, I believe that she is immeasurably good at what she does, (and is getting better with each passing year) and expresses herself as she feels necessary. But not to the point  of being overly expressive. She also shows how much she is maturing with each new album; not just physically, but mentally as well.  I can't wait until her next cd comes out. Hopefully it surpasses her past albums in quality and emotion.
B00005JLYW|1.0|This movie is up there with cradle to the grave, Congo, and The Island of Dr. Moreau. I don't know if I spelled the last one right, but who really cares when a movie sucked that bad.<br />Anyways, back to the review. I loved the first movie, and when saw that Mc G and almost every character was back for the second movie, I went ahead and bought the second one from the strength of the first movie. Well now I know why Bill Murray was not in this one. He obviously read the script and ran.<br />This movie is like one long drawn out music video. It should have been cut down to 20 minutes. the promotion should have been &quot;buy the soundtrack and get the DVD for free!&quot; Everything that was fun and spontaneous in the first one was contrived and over the top in this one. Almost nothing that was supposed to be funny in this movie was funny. The only real laugh I had was when Lucy's character started talking about doing all the sailors. That was pretty funny. Unfortunately one minute of comedy can not make up for the rest of the movie. Cameron was cute in the first movie, but she is almost starting to get to cocky about being cute. The best other example of this is Mel Gibson after braveheart. He had some great roles and did a good job captivating his audience, but after braveheart he always seemed to be over acting all the time. Look at the difference between Braveheart and the Patriot. You can also see pretty good examples in signs. The director needs to tell these great talents sometimes less is more.<br />Cameron was very likable in the first movie. She was cute, innocent, and kid like, but she seems so confident in this movie that she almost is like &quot;look at me, look at me, am I not just the cutest thing&quot;. Yes Cameron, you are cute, but the reason why you were cute in the first movie and not the second one was because you seemed a little shy. In this one you were all to happy to shake it all over the place. In the big butts scene in the first one she tooka while to warm up and get into it. You do not see any of that in the second one. She is just all out there at the drop of a hat dancing completely choreographed sequences like she was J-low. &quot;I meant to misspell that&quot; The only truly choreographed sequence I can remember in the first one was a dream sequence. That does not count in my book.<br />RENT THIS FIRST BEFORE YOU BUY. I own almost 700 DVD's and I can tell you this will not be a part of my collection as soon I can trade it in for the new teletubbies or Barney DVD if they will do me the favor and give me anything for it. If you have to buy it trust me wait a week and you will get it for half price.<br />I really wanted to like this movie. I really did. I loved the first one but, as Hollywood often does, it tries to hard to out do the first one instead of handing the baton from the first to the second. This was one of the biggest flops of the summer. Now I know why it tanked at the box office. People like me were kind enough to tell you to save your money.
0783225482|5.0|I saw this movie when I was about 10 and I have enjoyed it ever since! I enjoyed it because it was the first time I had seen a  movie like that, and it wasn't my last! The way it looked and the mood of it made it quite funny, as if it were a guilty pleasure! The story unfolds interestingly, by people coming out of a play and saying that the lead sucked! Then we come to know that everyone hates her! Except for a plastic surgen. And we also find out that Madilon wants to stay youthful for the rest of her life! ANd so the stroy unflds and Madilon and Bruice Willis get married and Goldie Hawn holds a grudge and becomes over weight. And she has a dinner party for her new book, and invites Madilon and Bruice and she is beautiful and all that rot. SO Madiolon is all mystified and it is just a really good movie but the unique twist is that no matter what happens to them after they drink this potion, they can never get hurt! Very unique! I enjoyed it then and I enjoy it now. It still makes me laugh and I love that a movie I liked when I was 10 can still be funny! That shows signs of a good comedy!
B0000AXE8I|4.0|Walking out of this movie i was somewhat dissapointed to see the lack of intresting plot that was so much desired in the first film to be somewhat erased from this film but as i watch this movie again i begin to realize maybe its just me i now understand the story and really think that it is better than the original it has overall alot more special effects a more deeper plot which may spark alot of questions that may not be awnsered until matrix revolutions opening November 5th 2003, yet this is a really good film a must buy on DvD i give it two thumbs up<br />&quot;MUCH MORE THAN A FIRST RATE ACTION EPIC<BR>WE ARE IN THAT RARE TERRITORY WHERE THE SEQUEL<BR>IS A TRIUMPH OVER THE ORIGINAL&quot;<br />-Richard Roeper, Ebert and Roeper
B0000042MY|4.0|Loved the film.  Atmospheric.  D.Lewis was a very credible Hawkeye.  The elder Indian Chingachook? was excellent.  The final scene when he bade farewell to his only child Uncas was moving....minimum emotion but powerful.  ALso loved the opening ecene when he paid tribute to the deer they had killed for food.<BR>The nobility of the native americans came across...Well done all.<BR>Re`the music...all appropriate.  The Clannad song I Will Find You is beautiful...the full version is available on the Best of Clannad...One reviewer described it as  `corny` but I couldn`t agree...it is one of the most effective scenes in the film...when Hawkeye, Uncas and his father hunt the renegade Mohawks and the captive girls...haunting and atmospheric.<BR>                                        Freddie
B00005JKC3|5.0|The movie \\"The Hulk\\" has a wealth of spiritual meaning, for the one who can look far beyound the concepts of the movie. And for the christian and follower of Jesus Christ, one can for surely see the spiritual side of this blockbuster hit. Here is what I mean.<br />When a person accepts Jesus Christ as their personal Lord and Saviour, the old spiritual man that he, or she was, is put to death, and a new man, or women comes to life, through the presence of God's Holy Spirit. <br />But now, when we pertisapate in sin or allow ourselves to give in to temptation, that old man that was once put to death, is somehow ressurected spiritual, but remains behind a locked door in our spirit, seekinging for a way out, just like in the movie \\"The Hulk\\".<br />If we continue to partisapate in sin, or continue to give in to temptation, for example; anger, the spirtual old man that we once was, begains to get stronger and stronger inside of us. And soon, if we do not ask God for forgiviness, seek his face, meditate on His Word, and turn away from sin, that old man gains enough strength to break out of the confindment he has been in, and come to the surface of our natural being, making us to become just as he is, and carring out everything that he desires.<br />When looking at the movie \\"The Hulk\\" you can see this happening all through the movie, and when the evil on the inside of David Banner is released, all those around him begain to suffer, even David Banner himself suffers, from the torment within himself.<br />But, then comes love, love from someone he cares for in his natural life, and it is this love that comes the beast that he has become, and allows the new man to return to the surface, and the old man is placed back into a cell of confinment. The holy scriptures reveal that love conquers hate, and we can see this in action in the movie, when the hulk is comfronted with his love interest, in the movie. But there is one setback. Although we see love overcoming hate, if the newman that a man may become, is not feed spiritually so, he is soon to repeat his past as the old man is revived once more.<br />The moral of this review is that man must feed his spirit with the things of God, and have a personal relationship with Jesus Christ, and meditate on God's Word daily, if possible, that the old man will never come to the surface of his natural life.<br />The Hulk was a great movie, for many of the reasons I listed above, and I fully recommend this movie, even to and for christians to exaime, even as they exaime themselves from within.<br />D.F.
B00000JHAU|5.0|This is probably my favourite album.     Very, very good.    As an album, it's one of my faves.  ]    As a collection it is very good.    So to summarize:    Excellent, very, very good and my favourite album.
B00006ALGL|5.0|I bought this CD for my daughter because she really liked the video for &quot;Volcano&quot; when she saw it on tv.  She was able to listen to it for a few days, as I was engrossed in &quot;True Love Waits&quot; by Christopher O'Riley (another awesome CD).  After a few days, I borrowed &quot;O&quot; in order to have a listen.  It's been over a week now and you know what? She's not getting her CD back...it's mine now.
B0000C0FJB|2.0|I have been a devoted Rush fan since Signals (1984).  Almost 20 years!  Other than the long awaited Vapor Trails, I don't believe I have anticipated a new Rush album like Rush in Rio.  I was very excited to finally see that it was coming out.  What a disappointment!  The song selections are great, but the SOUND is horrible!  It is hard to understand that they would release something as inadequate as this...they may have not had a choice?  They should have prepared for this?  Not just some guy in a truck.  Better luck next time....We Rush fans hope.
0060512806|5.0|Don't waste time with this review, buy the book NOW! Delightfully convoluted!  Neal can't seem to keep his eye on the plot for more than a couple of pages, but you don't mind, because his departures are always entertaining, and they usually set a point of reference for later asides and references in the book. Case in point, throughout the book he describes old, heirloom quality furniture as \\"Gordon Blaustrade\\" furniture.  You would have no idea what he was talking about except for a long-winded treatise on the sexual habits of the wife of a tertiary character that has you rolling with laughter!  After that you have a vivid image whenever he uses the term.  Disappointing ending, but it's the trip, not the destination with this book.
B000002G30|5.0|Dopes to Infinity was the Magnet's last foray into the world of Stoner Rock (a sub-genre they themeselves helped create). Later albums could be deemed a more pure, hard form of Rock, &amp; though I love all of the Magnet's albums, this one still holds a special place in my heart.<br />A lot of similar themes in terms of track arangement can be found here. The first (&amp; title) track starts off quiet &amp; trippy, &amp; carries, getting louder &amp; heavier as it goes. The second track (&amp; hit single &quot;Negasonic Teenage Warhead&quot;) knocks you clean across the room as a sample of Rock of any type in it's least condensed form. The album carries strongly from beginning to end, including songs like &quot;I Control, I Fly,&quot; &quot;Dead Christmas,&quot; &amp; the appropriately monster instrumental &quot;Ego, the Living Planet.&quot;<br />One track, &quot;Look to Your Orb for the Warning,&quot; appeared a few years later on the soundtrack for &quot;The Matrix.&quot; Sadly, however, the song is not in the movie itself. Still, I'm glad to see Monster Magnet get some degree of come-uppance, after something in the neighborhood of 15 years reveling in near obscurity.
B0000C0FJB|5.0|Awesome!  If you are a &quot;true&quot; RUSH fan than you already have this. RUSH fans don't listen to the music...They feel it!  Enough said!  By the way, can the Riff at the end of Bravado get any better.
B00008RH1H|5.0|A good example, along with Kurosawa's &quot;Ran&quot;, of the continuing universality of Shakespeare. You can stick him in feudal Japan, you can take the dialogue out, you can do whatever you like, but in the end, you're still left with Shakespeare. Kurosawa knew this only too well--that there was more than enough room for his own sensibility, that he could not distort Shakespeare, but that Shakespeare could expand his cinematic art. &quot;Throne of Blood&quot; may be one of the most colorful black-and-white movies ever made, if that makes any sense. Kurosawa was a genius with the camera. There is always something wonderful to look at in every scene of every one of his movies. His attention to light, shadow, and most importantly, movement, puts him at the highest level of directors. His storytelling skill is just as strong as his technical skill. He is one of the very few directors--Hitchcock, Kubrick, Bunuel and maybe one or two others--who embodies all of the great characteristics of filmmaking. Directors who can be imitated but not duplicated, and certainly not surpassed. The new Criterion edition of this movie is definitive--as beautiful a print as I can imagine.
0312119038|5.0|I admit that I was really hooked when I got to Chap 3, page 62, when each of her fellow postulants began telling how they felt about their motives for being there. Best Example: &quot;Marie, What brings you here?&quot; (as though we'd met accidentally at a street corner.) Marie's answer, &quot;It's such a beautiful life.&quot; Her black eyes which usually glinted in her face like shiny currants, misted over dreamily!&quot; On the same page comes, &quot;I smiled vaguely ... I nodded at her sympathetically...I told myself urgently!&quot; On one page as in other places, Sister Karen uses 10 adverbs!<br />Again in Chap 6, &quot;A Nun Takes the Veil...&quot; Karen had the joyous task of ringing the Convent Bell... When she tries to get Mother Albert to hear her problem, as Mother is rushing down the hall &quot;impatiently, shaking her heard &quot;crossly and says, &quot;I can't stop now, Sister,&quot; She said firmly. &quot;I'm terribly busy!&quot; When Sister Karen gets the words out, &quot;I've broken the bell.&quot; Mother Albert was laughing helplessly, &quot;You would, wouldn't you?&quot;<br />Sister Karen not only lightened up in these early chapters but she gave far more seriously disappointing times that same touch of humor...even tho she was upbraided and reprimanded by Mother Albert. In her quandaries she comes forth with adverbs like &quot;rebelliously.&quot; At her sewing machine with no neddle, &quot;She knelt before the Mother and said, huskily.&quot; Next her feet treadled &quot;busily&quot; As she repeated, &quot;mechanically, I cannot possibly spend my time more fruitfully!&quot; Enough to show that it all seemed to become delightfully humorous, even tho she was surely thwarted and starved intellectually and many other ways!<br />Hooray for such a wonderful set-up to become an internationally famous OT Professor and an awesomely ingenius writer!<br />Retired Chap Fred W Hood
B00008EY9G|4.0|An original flick with an original twist at the end. The story, cinematography and acting are great, as is Mangold's direction. Cusack's role was different from anything he's done, and he was able to pull it off superbly. If you're looking for a fun and puzzling movie that'll make you jump frequently, laugh occasionally, and think constantly, then pick it up. This is one for the permanent collection.
B0000AXE8I|4.0|Fortunately I have the benefit of being a Computer professional and know that most of the general public might not quite understand most of what is going on as far as the storyline.  This movie basically is able to display the computer world for everyone to see in visual way. I have heard mixed reviews from a lot of people I have talked to and have noticed that anyone who didn't like it usually didn't really understand what was going on in the movie.<br />I was actually really blown away at how well this movie depicts the computer world, and not just on a very basic level.  It delves into very complicated concepts in a simple and understandable way for most people to understand.  I actually think that this sequel is as good if not better then the first. If you are an IT guy or someone who is interested in programming or systems, then you will thoroughly enjoy this movie. Even if you aren't a computer person, the special affects and characters will still be entertaining enough.
B00003CXAA|4.0|The DVD quality of the trilogy is excellent to say the least and granted parts 1 and 2 are definitely in anyones top ten all time best,and contrary to most critics part 3 is in my opinion a very well crafted movie and deserving of a place in the top ten best of the 90,s.  My arguement is that the deleted scenes should have been inserted into the movies proper as unlike other movies these scenes are important to the story and should not be left as an extra.  I dont agree with those so called purists that the chronological edition is inferior,as a matter of fact I think it is superior and hopefully in the future Coppola can find the time and sources to release this option on DVD.  I would welcome it rather than the horrible rumour of a Godfather part 4.......Thats an offer I would refuse!
B00006G8G1|5.0|I think rock in rio is one or the best concert i have ever seen, I just have to say that three guitars is just amazing, and bruce voice is just great. The quality sound is awsome, but I have a problem with THE NUMBER OF THE BEAST, with the drums, the snare sounds kind of strange so if this happends with all your DVDs please e-mail at SA9JORGE@HOTMAIL.COM and let me know if it's a problem in all the DVDs or just mine. Thank you
B0000AZJXQ|5.0|A Perfect Circle's latest product, Thirteenth Step, is an incredible album.  The great lyrics and the band's overall musicality results in an album filled with melodic and expressive tracks.  <br />The lyrics are very powerful, as Maynard James Keenan explores deep and dark issues of the human mind, including drug abuse and suicide.  Maynard takes the listener on an emotional ride using different tones and feelings in his vocals.<br />Most of the songs are very delicate and poignantly melodic, such as in \\"The Noose.\\"  There are also a few heavier songs, such as \\"The Outsider.\\"  This is, in my opinion, the most powerful song in the album, with Maynard expressing himself through his aggressive vocals. <br />This is a great album overall, and I would highly recommend it to anyone.
B00005JKZV|4.0|Even if you're going to buy the extended version, this DVD is worth the price. You get to see how Peter Jackson (and crew) squished a big story into a relatively short period of time. He takes a few different plot threads, running parallel, and lets them intersect. You never get confused. In fact, the whole story seems to take place in about four spots, in the same general area. (Looking at the Middle Earth map, that's more or less true.)<br />It's all in the editing. Watch as the movie progresses and it switches from one group of characters from another. At first, they get big, 20-minute chunks of time before the switch. By the end, you get a 1-minute update on Frodo and Sam, and then you switch back to Helm's Deep. The tension builds in three locations simultaneously, giving you three climaxes.<br />In The Fellowship, the plot was all about Frodo and the Ring. Each location --- from the Shire to Bree to Moria --- was in the story because Frodo was there. This time, the story is about the Fellowship working apart, all trying to achieve the goal of destroying the Ring, but from different locations. Frodo gets help from his friends even when they are many miles away.<br />The script adds a lot more humor than the previous movie, and battle scenes that are not in the book. But it works. For the second installment of the series, Peter Jackson was reaching out to the audiences who don't normally see sword &amp; sorcery movies.<br />I'd give this five stars if the extras were better. The preview of Return of the King is very good. The rest isn't so interesting. I know they're not going to put the big 'making of' documentaries on this DVD, but they could have done more than throw in a few promo spots in which the actors talk about their love for each other.
B0000C0FJB|5.0|My Rollingstone.com review of this CD...<br />I can't believe Rolling Stone continues to ignore a band as influential as Rush - who never had issues with drugs, never broke up due to stupid, failed solo projects, and always came out with quality, progressive rock throughout their career.  This band influenced other bands like Soundgarden, even Pearl Jam, Dream Theatre, Metallica, etc.  <br />This Rush in Rio three-cd live set captures their first shows in South America.  I went to the Vapor Trails tour seven times in 2002 (Hartford, New York twice, New Hampshire, Mohegan Sun, and twice in Mass.).  You really need to blast this CD to hear the kind of subtle things you would hear on their previous 3-cd live set, 1998's \\"Ddifferent Stages\\".  But overall, the producers did a decent job of capturing how the songs sounded.  Highlights include Neil Peart's revamped drum solo, \\"O Baterista\\" - a 50-something year old man blowing every other drummer in the world out of the water with his talent (Don't believe me?  Listen to it).  And the energy they put into 2112 and the By-Tor medley is amazing, as it consistently came at the end of their 3-hour sets.  <br />The DVD has some nice bonuses - especially two great instrumentals (YYZ and La Villa Strangiato) on Disc Two with multi-camera angles, so at the complicated guitar parts one can watch what Alex Lifeson does, and at the complicated drum parts one can see Neil Peart drumming with what seems like eight arms.  O Baterista is also available at different angles, which you'll need since Neil Peart is surrounded by drums and gets up TWICE to switch seats and positions during the 8-minute drum orgy.  The DVD and CD are companions, and anyone who calls him or herself a Rush fan would be foolish NOT to buy these items, since Rush only has so many more releases left in them.  <br />As for Rolling Stone, stop ignoring this great band!
0790729628|3.0|The original Blade Runner was a big hit because it was the first modern-day depiction of cyberpunk on the screen. Although there were plenty of urban sci-fi movies that came before, none of them had this kind of atmosphere. It helped that Harrison Ford was the world's biggest movie star at the time, fresh from Star Wars and Raiders of the Lost Ark.<br />But as the years went by, the film didn't hold up. The set design is still great --- the atmosphere is still there --- but the acting is weak and the story is dull. The actors talk too slow. When the action begins, the tone suddenly switches. The sci-fi melodrama becomes a bad martial arts flick (in the scene with Daryl Hannah's gymnastic fight). The final fight is better, but not much.<br />When the director's cut came out, a few of the problems were solved. The most creative was turning a poorly-edited line about the number of replicants into a surprise ending --- Deckard is sent out after five replicants but he only finds four. Who is the fifth replicant? Take a guess.<br />But the original problems remain. The movie is still too slow, with a poor use of good actors. The visuals can't make up for the weak plot. Looking back at it, this film deserves all the praise simply because it was such a stunning new approach to sci-fi when it was released. But it's still a 3-star movie, even with the director's cut changes.
0790744295|2.0|I mean what I say, kiddies; this 1982 horror anthology is tacky and banal. Despite having a decent overall performance given by the star-studded cast (Leslie Nielson, E.G. Marshall, Andrienne Barbeau, etc.), &quot;Creepshow&quot; is perhaps the worst movie ever to emerge from the mind of director George Romero. There are a couple of reasons why. First of all, the concept is not at all original. Although the film's 5 spine-tingling tales were written by Stephen King, all of the creepy cartoon elements were robbed from William M. Gaines's EC comic books. Another severe flaw I noticed in &quot;Creepshow&quot; is its atmospheric tone. Past anthology flicks like 1972's &quot;Tales from the Crypt&quot; and 1968's &quot;Dr. Terror's House of Horrors&quot; were more appealing because they were carefully filmed in concrete, human settings. Although having a comic book vein in &quot;Creepshow's&quot; stories was a good intention, the movie as a whole became TOO MUCH like a cartoon. Garishly colored lighting and cheaply painted backgrounds (combined with a cheesy 80's score of new wave synthensizers) project the movie's gruesome death scenes with absurd, artificial panache. Finally, of course, each twisted tale ends with dull predictability. For anyone wanting to see a shocking, suspenseful anthology on Halloween night, I suggest you leave &quot;Creepshow&quot; on the shelf where it belongs.
B00008EY9G|2.0|Sounds like a great thriller, great trailers, etc. Movie's going great until almost the end. The whole story is in some crazy guy's imagination and none of it is real. Waste of money!
0393312836|5.0|I first heard about this book from my best friend.  He said the movie and book were both unbelievable, so i decided to give it a try.  I loved the book.  It is one of the few books that i love, and not one of the many that I like.  It is unique in its style, and content.  I loved the use of language by Anthony Burgess; it made me think about each event even more.  The story line was great, and i felt it had a positive message, even after all the violence that was incorporated into the book.  It tells of growing up and how being your own person is important.  I would recommend this book to anybody, preferably over the age of 14 because of the violence and use of language.  But i feel the message portrayed is important for people of all ages, and especially teenagers.  i rate it a five.
B00003CXB4|5.0|If I could rate this movie higher than 5 stars I would.  I have been waiting almost ten years to buy this movie.  It is the best Disney movie of all time!  The songs are by Elton John, it has the voice of James Earl Jones, and it's Disney.  Need I say more?<br />This a movie for children and adults.  I recommend that everyone own this movie...before it goes back in the Disney vaults FOREVER!
B00009TB5G|5.0|I absolutely adored this movie -- once I stuffed my inner pouty purist in a dark closet for the duration. <br />\\"What the--?\\" screamed the corner of my brain that's read the trilogy a few dozen times, when Arwen made her appearance mid-movie.<br />\\"Shhh,\\" the larger, happier lobes of my brain scolded. \\"Hey, look! Wargs! Whee!\\"<br />It's a testament to Peter Jackson's genius that he's made a movie that almost everyone can enjoy, whether they've read the books or not. The same certainly can't be said for Tolkien in its purest form. People either love the books or loathe them -- although the movies have inspired several of my Tolkien-averse friends and relatives to take another crack at the trilogy.  And how great is that? The next generation of pouty purists is born! <br />The movie is a hell of a fun ride -- the battle for Helm's Deep alone is worth the price of admission. And if it strays from canon (or completely mangles poor Faramir. My poor, sweet Faramir...) believe me, it's a lot less painful for those of us who've read the books than a movie that's word-for-word faithful to the books would be to the average movie audience. (\\"Singing? Why the hell do people keep pausing every other scene to burst into song? Arrgh!\\")<br />Meanwhile, I lurk with my finger poised over the \\"add to cart\\" button for the extended-version DVD to make its appearance.
B0000AQVCL|4.0|Man, this band is good! I heard the track \\"Are You Gonna Be My Girl\\" on the radio a few weekends ago, and knew the entire album would be great.<br />I hate to draw the predictable comparisons, but to folks who want to know what they'd be getting...... think of The Rolling Stones, The Who, Mott The Hoople, T-Rex, Badfinger and - of course - The Beatles, all rolled into one (one can't help but notice the \\"Revolver\\"-esque CD art).<br />\\"Get Born\\" is full of hard-rocking tunes as well as some very nice piano-driven \\"ballads\\". But, Jet are not the type of band who's ballads are out of step with the predominant strain of the rest of the record (raw and edgy rock)... the quieter tunes fit in nicely and are completely natural - not \\"planted\\" into the album for the sake of variety. They change gears without missing a beat  - much like the Stones and Zeppelin always did so well.<br />I bought this CD at a store other than amazon.com, and I was dumb-founded by the low price! I ain't complaining, though. It is not often that you find the best music out there for less than what you'd pay for, say, some junk by some boy band or lip-sinc eye candy.<br />I'd give \\"Get Born\\" 5 stars... but, I want to hear more from Jet before I give them the highest ranking. Make no mistake, though - this is a great album. One of the best in 2003.
B0000AXE8I|4.0|Great Movie with superb special effect.  Love it!
B00006BTCA|4.0|I'm an insufferable music snob, practically allergic to hype and specious musical trends. So, as you can imagine, given the tremendous amount of fawning press given to Interpol's debut album, it took me a while to get around to actually listening to \\"Turn On the Bright Lights\\". Anyone who has read my other reviews will also know that I'm a chronic namedropper, and has any other recent band been compared to their predecessors as often as Interpol has? That said, accusations of cloning this or that band are entirely unfounded. True, this album is painted in big swathes of post-punk grey, with the rubbery melodic basslines and reverb-saturated guitars that gave solace to many a pre-trenchcoat, pre-homicide goth. But this band were formed in 1998, and their millenial minds have absorbed the last 15 years as well as anyone. In addition to the usual roll call of 80s British bands, Interpol have learned something from the jabbing thrust of Sonic Youth at their most direct, the morose vistas of Radiohead, and the skewed tonality of 90s indie rock. I'm not saying that these were necessarily direct influences, only that Interpol energed from a zeitgeist that's saturated with these sounds. Regardless, \\"Turn On the Bright Lights\\" is such a tight set of affecting songs that any particular influence is seemlessly blended into a sound that's entirely personal. These tunes are simply constructed, but lush and enveloping. And no, Paul Banks doesn't sound anything like Ian Curtis. Forget the comparisons and just listen: Interpol are accesible, more original than they're given credit for, and mercifully lacking the typical indie rock dork factor.
0385504209|4.0|A great thriller that involved a professor and a crytographer searching for the holy grail after the death of the curator of the Louvre (who was also the leader of a secret society protecting the grail). Lots of twists and turns. Well researched book that looks into the Freemasons, Catholic Church, and pre-Christian religions. The end of the text was a little disappointing but all and all it was a good book.
0425188809|5.0|To say I enjoyed this book would be a gross understatement. It is still - after all this time - the best book Dean Koontz ever wrote.  It has everything  - the evil, mad scientist, the nice guy, the woman who comes out of her shell and the greatest dog in the Universe.<br />The pages where he first meets Einstein and both he and the reader were given clues as to his uniqueness were awesome.  I finally stayed up all one Friday night to finish the thing. Nora underwent a tremendous transformation and her love with Travis was a thing of beauty.  <br />For once, Dean does not star the bad guy but relegates him to second page.  It is Travis, Nora and Einstein who take center stage.  Two movies were made from this - the first, one of the most abhorant piece of film ever presented, the other a poor representation of the book.  It's like presenting War &amp; Peace in three 20 minute installments. This is perfection.
B00003CXFG|1.0|I have one word for this movie: LAME. Only good part was the ship crashing down on the planet. THIS IS DEFINITELY NOT -ALIEN-
B00009UW0N|5.0|This is the classic.  Here's a film made for less than half a million bucks that went on to be the most successful independent film of all time until the (far inferior) Blair Witch Project beat it out with more dollars.<br />I think this is a very good version to get as it's still in print.  The problem with Halloween is that it's been released about a hundred different times in different formats over the years, and it's enough to drive fans batty.  There's the anniversary editions, the special editions, the 2 tape or 2 DVD versions, the television versions, the restored versions, blah blah blah.  The latest DiviMax edition is apparently not up to snuff (in terms of sound and picture), though it does have a commentary track (finally) by Carpenter (who always gives good, revealing commentaries), producer Debra Hill, and Jamie Lee Curtis.  That might be worth picking up for the commentary alone, but this version is still a good single disc to get.<br />The print looks great.  Dean Cundey deserves a lot of credit for the look of Halloween (and its sequel).  His photography turns what is actually LA into a convincing little Illinois town.  The blacks and the shadows are very black, and the effects with Myers' featureless white mask (such as when it begins to slowly fade into the light before he attacks Laurie in the end) is gorgeous.  (He would do this again to even better effect in Part II when the mask literally bleeds into view in the orange light of one of the hospital rooms).  The appearance of Myers in the background of many shots would become a staple of the series (him standing in the background while an unsuspecting characters is speaking or walking).<br />I don't think this is the first slasher movie, per se, (it's a few years after The Texas Chainsaw Massacre and various Italian giallo flicks), but that doesn't matter because it holds up as a great horror film, period.<br />Halloween is essentially the story of the bogeyman.  In 1963, six year old Michael Myers kills his older sister on Halloween night.  Fifteen years later he escapes from a mental hospital before he is to be transported on his 21st birthday and he returns to his hometown of Haddonfield, Illinois to stalk a group of teens, including the bookish, Girl-Scout-ish Laurie Strode (Jamie Lee Curitis).  On Myers' trail is his obsessed doctor, Sam Loomis.  Donald Pleasence provides the glue for the series with this role; he could always be counted on to deliver his lines with such credibility, no matter how outlandish the sequels became.<br />The film is low on gore and very high on suspense.  While later films would go on to explain the Myers rampage, in this film he is an unstoppable force out to get Laurie and anyone else who crosses him, this is bogeyman territory plain and simple.  The teens, of course, pay for their typical teenage activity, but the stalking is creepy and stylish, and the featureless, white mask of the killer is a perfect representation of some kind of avenging force.<br />Carpenter's music score is part of what makes the film what it is, and the famous theme is still chilling in its original incarnation.  Look for the 20th Anniversary disc complete with sound bites from the film.<br />If you love horror movies, this is a modern classic.  It's arguable whether or not Carpenter has topped it, but everything is just clicking here.  I have no doubt that they will release this baby yet again before you know it, but this disc looks and sounds better than Halloween ever has.  The TV version, available separately, has 10 minutes of extra footage and the rest is a bare bones DVD that is not worth the price.  I am intrigued by the commentary-laden Divimax version, though.<br />You can't kill the bogeyman.ers kills his older sister on Halloween night.  Fifteen years later he escapes from a mental hospital before he is to be transported on his 21st birthday and he returns to his hometown of Haddonfield, Illinois to stalk a group of teens, including the bookish, Girl-Scout-ish Laurie Strode (Jamie Lee Curitis).  On Myers' trail is his obsessed doctor, Sam Loomis.  Donald Pleasence provides the glue for the series with this role; he could always be counted on to deliver his lines with such credibility, no matter how outlandish the sequels became.  <br />The film is low on gore and very high on suspense.  While later films would go on to explain the Myers rampage, in this film he is an unstoppable force out to get Laurie and anyone else who crosses him, this is bogeyman territory plain and simple.  The teens, of course, pay for their typical teenage activity, but the stalking is creepy and stylish, and the featureless, white mask of the killer is a perfect representation of some kind of avenging force.<br />Carpenter's music score is part of what makes the film what it is, and the famous theme is still chilling in its original incarnation.  Look for the 20th Anniversary disc complete with sound bites from the film.<br />If you love horror movies, this is a modern classic.  It's arguable whether or not Carpenter has topped it, but everything is just clicking here.  I have no doubt that they will release this baby yet again before you know it, but this disc looks and sounds better than Halloween ever has.  The TV version, available separately, has 10 minutes of extra footage and the rest is a bare bones DVD that is not worth the price.  I am intrigued by the commentary-laden Divimax version, though.<br />You can't kill the bogeyman.
B0000C0FJB|5.0|I'll keep it short: For intense Rush fans, this is a must have. It's an energetic, inspired performance. Sadly, many fans may be turned-off by the often distracting crowd noise, but it's different to hear such a spectacle on a Rush live release. Some past Rush live releases sound almost sterile and studio-ish by comparison, which is great as well. But the mix definitely does have a &quot;bootleggy&quot; quality to it at times, but personally I enjoy it. It just feels right. Not to mention that I'm ecstatic that Rush decided to release such a doucument of this tour. I enjoyed this tour more than any other Rush show I'd seen. But it is quite possible that the &quot;style&quot; of this recording is not for everyone. But we all have different tastes, sometimes within the same individual. Sometimes this is all that makes life so interesting. So give it a chance, and listen to it without &quot;rushing&quot; to judgment. Take it for what it is without wanting it to be something else other than what it is. Just go with it. It's just a very exciting, inspired performance and that's all that should matter. Close your eyes and you're there (unless you have the DVD, then open your eyes!).
B00006LLLN|5.0|Been a fan of AKUS for a few years now.  This album on SACD is simply amazing.  This is a multi-channel mix.  The crowd noise is mixed mostly behind the users and doesn't distract from the musicians in front.  The ambiance / acoustics of the hall are very natural and add a lot to the &quot;you're there&quot; experience.  Simply a gorgeous album and a tribute to some of the finest musicians of any genre.
B00007E8V4|5.0|steal this album! is basically a complilation of system's toxicity throw-outs. this is hard to believe. personally, i think this is just as good as toxicity. if you like toxicity, you will like this album. if you like the self-titled LP i can't say the same because the style is alot different. i only had toxicity and didnt really want to get it..but i got it and now i like it more than toxicity.<br />my song breakdown:<br />1. Chic 'n Stu: Pretty cool song, yet I think of it more as a filler like Jet Pilot. this is a great song to rock to though. Wanted pizza pie! pizza pizza pie! 7/10 (good)<br />2. Innervision: This is an awesome song. when i first heard it, i was addicted. 9/10 (very good)<br />3. bubbles: Eh..this pretty good, nothin special. heavy addictive song. 7/10 (good)<br />4. Boom!: I love Serj's hypnotic voice on this song. The chorus is nothing special, but its a great song anyway. 8/10 (good)<br />5. Nuguns: This is a fast-paced chorus, slow verse song. i like it, but it sounds a little different. rock out! 8/10 (good)<br />6. ADD: Awesome song. Pure genious. THis sounds like something from Toxicity or the first album. In-your-face chorus. 10/10 (Excellent)<br />7. Mr. Jack: Another great melody song. This reminds me of &quot;spiders&quot; from the self titled LP. The only part I don't like is the end. 9.5/10 (Excellent)<br />8. I-E-A-I-A-I-O: Typical system song. Fast sung verses and echoing chorus. This is another heavy addictive song and very good. Serj's wailing voice sung with pride makes this great. 10/10 (Excellent)<br />9. .36: Good Lord. 46 seconds long. It's not even long enough to be a filler. Its cool if you need to scream or bang your head. I started it when i started typing this particular song review and it ended...now. angry at televsion. the verse kinda reminds me of the chorus to temper. 3/10 (no comment)<br />10. Pictures: I dont really like this songo except for the heavy part about half-way through the song. The chorus is..not good, it reminds me of like a musical or somethin. 6/10 (okay)<br />11. Highway Song: Great song, a tad spooky. The chorus kinda sounds like a verse to me, but its great none the less. it reminds us that good days are never comin back. cool riffs. slow dismal song. 8/10 (very good)<br />12. F*** the System: I like this song, except you can't play it out loud :(...this morning i listened to it and it was stuck in my head all day. very good heavy song. im not sure what to compare it to, but its awesome anyway. 9/10 (very good)<br />13. Ego Brain: I love this track. It's slow and melodic. I love the guitar part during the chorus (you see my pain is real). I'd have to say one of the best songs on the CD, and one of the best system songs period. slow verse, awesome heavy-but-slow chorus. 10/10 (Excellent)<br />14. Thetawaves: I really like this song. The first verse sounds likea science report, but the chorus saves the song. the lyrics are very deep (time feels like a midnight ride, finality waits outside, weeping in perplexity's arms, caressing our smiles inside) and all around good. 9/10 (very good)<br />15. Roulette: No drums, no bass. This song is just guitar, cello, and voice. It kinda reminds me of ATWA without the heavy chorus. 9/10 (very good)<br />16. Streamline: A little different than the rest. Kinda reminds me of &quot;Forest.&quot; slow and fast. it was on some soundtrack..i dont remember. 8/10 (good)<br />In conclusion, this is an awesome CD. It earned a 130.5/160 which is 81%. The last 5 songs is one of the best streaks of music on a CD. now repeat after me. I will go buy Steal This Album!
B0000AZJXQ|5.0|Ok, many of us dedicated Tool fans were fairly (but not overly) impressed with the first APC release, \\"Mer de Noms\\".  It was marketed as a Tool \\"side project\\" and hyped to no end, but for the most part, it never even approached that status.  It had several good tracks and one nice video for \\"Judith\\" directed by David Fincher, but I must admit - after many listenings, I got bored and it never survived for long my \\"A\\" pile.  <br />Then, on almost a whim, I bought \\"13th Step\\".  Wow.  This one now sits within the first 5 discs in that \\"A\\" pile.  Intelligent, well produced and successful as both foreground and background music.  Sure, there's a lot of Maynard's influence in several of these songs (let's face it, he runs the show no matter who he's working with), but adding ex-Pumpkin James Iha and ex-Mansonite Jeordie White has given birth to something that is a oddly more Tool-like than APC's first effort while remaining unique to the combined efforts of the individual musicians.  Throw NIN's Danny Lohner into the mix for some production work and ka-boom, you've got yourself a killer CD which is [imho] better than the most recent material any of the band members have done outside of APC.  <br />Let's be honest, [Tool's] \\"Lateralus\\" was good, but it's no \\"Undertow\\" (I'm pretty sure there will never be another experience like that anytime soon).  We won't even talk about Aenema...  But this effort respects Maynard's unique writing/singing style.  Even when the guitars kick in, he simply becomes part of the orchestration rather than trying to sing over it which he tends to do with Tool.  In fact, APC seems to have offered him (as well as the rest of the band) an avenue for growth and experimentation that their former/other gigs simply can't.  <br />This is undeniably a great set of songs.  Yeah, they're getting the usual annoying commercial radio play, but that's not my problem and I don't really care.  \\"Weak and Powerless\\", \\"The Outsider\\" and \\"Pet\\" are great tunes.  The more you listen to them, the more delicate they become despite their hard-hitting momentum.  They create the same  high peak that \\"The Hollow\\" and \\"Judith\\" did on the last CD.  The difference is that these (and the rest of the tracks on \\"13th Step\\") are tighter, better thought out, less commercial and more poetic.  APC also gets high marks from me for covering Failure's \\"The Nurse Who Loved Me\\" (one of the most unrecognized and underappreciated indie/alternative rock bands).<br />The bottom line?  Just go get it and give it a spin.  If you can't catch every word Maynard is singing, go to the website for the lyrics.  If you feel slightly disappointed, give it another listen without preconceptions based on previous Tool material or \\"Mer de Noms\\".  Also, take the time to pump this CD through a good pair of headphones.  It has the same sensual attention to detail that NIN's \\"Fragile\\" does which is not always apparent through the air between you and your speakers.
B00007E8V4|5.0|System of a Down's third album Steal This Album! is an amazing collection of unique and meaningful songs. The band combines hard rock with Armenian folk rhythms to create a sound that is different than any other band. The tracks are pulled together by the outstanding vocal range of Serj Tankian. With the music, Serj transitions from tranquil to screaming full of anger within seconds. <BR> <BR>The best part of this CD is the stylistic transitions and the song lyrics. System of a Down has the best transitions that I have ever heard. Going from one style to another is simple for these guys and they do it quite smoothly. Not only can they play great music but they have meaningful lyrics. This CD talks about real life issues- mostly politically motivated- that include nuclear bombs, war, and power hungry politicians. This is a CD for anyone who loves great music.
B00005JM0B|5.0|In \\"Terminator 3- Rise of the machines\\", Arnold Schwarzenegger (or is that Governor Schwarzenegger?) returns to play the action hero.<BR>  Many people think that movie sequels are inferior to the originals. The Terminator series is proof that this isnt always true. T2 was better than the first, and this movie, \\"Terminator 3\\" is even better than T2 was.<BR> The action is more intense, and happens from start to finish.<BR> Also, Arnold provides more one liners, some of them cool, some of them funny, providing Terminator fans with a gem of a movie!<BR> What maks this movie so different from many other movies is that a woman is the one responsible for the mayhem and destruction seen in this movie.<BR> It is usually a man wreaking havoc, so it is a pleasant change to see a woman cause some damage for a change.<BR>  This Dvd has many features, including an introduction by Arnold Himself, audio commentary that includes Arnold, and a gag real too!<BR>   It is an action packed thrill ride, with some laughs mixed in.<BR> I think that you will enjoy it, and will want to see it again and again.
B000050AMB|5.0|This just has to be the best album the 72-74 line-up produced (although David Cross had already left KC when this came out - he's still on at least 1 track though). Another reviewer has already described starless in detail and I couldn't impove on his description of that track (certainly one of my favourite pieces of music ever!).<BR>I like Fallen Angel a lot too - great melody, great vocals, powerful music - wonderful deep growling basenote to start the song of! Red is also an absolute power piece. Still performed by current KC line up!  You can't go worng with this album.
0792842723|4.0|This is Brosnan's first appearance as James Bond, and it was a good one. Unlike Roger Moore's cartoonish first effort, \\"Live and Let Die\\", there is no bad guy blowing up, (done rather shabbily, too...it was an obvious dummy!) and like the venerable Connery, who, unfortunately, hit his peak as 007 with \\"Goldfinger\\", Brosnan hit a winner right out of the box with this exciting, well shot action film with good characters, (Alan Cumming's \\"Boris\\" and Famke Janssen's \\"Xenia Onatopp\\",) and a techno subplot very reminiscent of \\"Diamonds Are Forever\\" and \\"You Only Live Twice\\".<br /><br />Famke Janssen plays a maniacal villainess who admires Bond in her own sick way, but the fascinating thing about this character is her slavish pleasure in destruction and killing. She actually takes a lurid GLEE in shooting and blowing up people, actually giggling girlishly as she does it! Her other specialty is squeezing the life out of male lovers with her thighs. No wonder she's a single girl, eh?<br /><br />Alan Cummings plays a self-absorbed computer geek working in Russia in a satellite station monitoring the Goldeneye non-ballistic weapon. This is a weapon that, instead of exploding with any nuclear or explosive force, shorts out connected electrical systems for miles around, ensuring no retaliation from the enemy. Onatopp and her \\"boss\\" spur the startup of this device, which Cumming's creepy Boris has allowed to happen through internal weakening of security at the base. One of his coworkers, a rather good looking young woman named Natalia, played by Izabella Scorupco, is caught in the station when Goldeneye targets IT first. This is one of the tensest scenes in the film. Boris, of course, survives this blast, along with Natalia. Onatopp and her boss escape via helicopter.<br /><br />M, played by Judy Dench, watches all this go down via war room maps at MI6, one blanking out completely after Goldeneye parboils the circuits at the Russian base. She sends Bond to look into it, and possibily save the day, but after berating him for being a \\"Cold War dinosaur\\", tells him to \\"come back alive\\".<br /><br />What follows is a decent tale of excitement, intrigue, betrayal and edgy close calls. The movie doesn't end when you think it will! Everybody's acting in it is pretty good for this type of movie and the cinematography and stunt work make Moore's movies look positively amateurish by comparison...<br /><br />Why, oh WHY did they waste 13 years on Roger Moore and his awful, jumbled, Matt Helm-like rehashes of Connery's old Bond films, with plots that went nowhere?after berating him for being a \\"Cold War dinosaur\\", tells him to \\"come back alive\\".     What follows is a decent tale of excitement, intrigue, betrayal and edgy close calls. The movie doesn't end when you think it will! Everybody's acting in it is pretty good for this type of movie and the cinematography and stunt work make Moore's movies look positively amateurish by comparison...    Why, oh WHY did they waste 13 years on Roger Moore and his awful, jumbled, Matt Helm-like rehashes of Connery's old Bond films, with plots that went nowhere?
B000002LLC|5.0|Verry original Madonna album with tunes that remind us of romantic movies from the past.  Madonna prooves with this album that she can sing any kind of Music. <BR>This album is funny and witty at some times and emotional at others.
B0000AXE8I|4.0|The only thing I found boring in the movie was the<br />fight seen between Neo and Agent Smith. That was a comical<br />farse. The fight sight was too loooong and boring. It was<br />almost ridiculus. All in all it was a nice continuation<br />of the movie. Can't wait fore the third installment. And<br />remember people, it's only a movie. Some of the criticism I<br />think was way overboard. It's got good action, nice special<br />effects, along with a decent storyline. COME on, loosen up.<br />It was not meant to be an academy award winner! If you're a<br />Matrix fan, then the DVD IS WORTH ADDING TO YOU COLLECTION.<br />REMEMBER...you have a choice before viewing this movie.<br />YOU can Take the RED pill or the Blue pill. The choice is<br />up to you.
0385512104|5.0|The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Nighttime, by Mark Haddon, is a very interesting and insightful book about a kid with autism, a mental disability/ability that, in a nutshell, causes those affected to be more literal and trusting. He discovers that his neighbor's dog, Wellington, has been stabbed with a pitchfork and killed. Following in the footsteps of his favorite mystery character, Sherlock Holmes, he attempts to find out who did this crime. It ends up as a pretty big shocker.<BR> I like this book because I can relate to the main character. I have autism too, though not as severe as that of this character. So I kind of get some of the things he does. For example, if he sees a certain number of cars that are the same color, all in a row, as he is being driven to school, it defines how his day is going to be. I thought that that seemed interesting, and held its own strange logic. All in all, this is a good book that anyone who likes a good mystery should read.
B000084T18|4.0|I can not believe the hate that Fifty is receiving, How the hell can somebody go diamond, and have a bad album. Come on people this album is popping from beginning to end. Stop the hate. He is no Biggie or Jay, but as a entertainer he gives an over-all excellent cd.
B00003CX8J|4.0|It's about time they did a major motion picture on the X men.  Overall the movie was great.  It's easy for someone who hasn't followed them through the years (comics) to get into the movie.  I thought the choice in cast was great.  Except for some minor discrepencies between the movie and the Marvel Universe, this movie rocked.
B000099T2L|5.0|Beyonce shows that she has talent to go along with the beauty. The CD starts off on an upbeat tempo, then she smooths it out a little. Any R&amp;B fan would surely love the cd. I personnally kept it in my cd player on lock.
B000069HK2|1.0|if you love the used and found yourself thinking, i just love this new used album and i just wish there even more to it, then not only are you probably a total retard but you will also be super stoked about this enhanced cd!<BR>it's just like the same horrible, totally pathetic wannabe punk used album you've come to love, but now with special features!<BR>yeah, special features!
B00005RDVW|4.0|Of all the Disney adaptated tales, Peter Pan was proably one of the best. While not as Dark as JM Barrie's original story, it keeps the spirit of the original work and makes it family friendly without betraying it (Hercules anyone? Talk about completly gutting the source material). This is an acceptable adaptation in comparrison to Hercules. <br />Peter's arrogance and pretty much being oblivious to the way the girls around him feel about him is right on point. Tink, Wendy, and even Tiger Lily all want Peter to be something he can never be, a man. While his willingness to sacrafice for the good of others and be a knight in shinning armor of sorts must be what draws the girls in, but on a personal level he can never connect in a mature way. Even when he starts out on a nobel effort (like saving Tiger Lily) he gets so caught up in the game he just about forgets that he's there to save the young lady. This is certainly an impression of Peter given in the book. You can't really hate him for his moments of being a silly boy, especially when it comes to girls, because that's all he is and all he can ever be, a boy. And as for the 'jealouse women' reactions that circle the film, it's important to note they're not women -- they're girls. Yes, Tink is a fairy but her sense of things seems to be at the same level as Wendy. <br />Some of the complaints I've heard about the film are the way the Indians are portrayed. And quite a few lines ('ugh', 'How', the 'red man' song) are proably an unfortunate product of the time. But the fact is, when I was a kid I did run around saying 'bwah, bwah, bwah' when I played 'Indian'. So it makes sense in a world locked into a child's sense of the world the indians (to proper english children) would be a bit exagurated. <br />So all in all, Disney did a pretty good job adapting this into a film. And it's still a favorite. All in all it's a good peice. I'm a grown woman still hoping Peter will visit my window one day. And my little sisters lovethe movie.
B00005QHPQ|5.0|This album is even more wonderful and beautiful than I imagined.
B00005MP58|5.0|I am a huge lover of Pride and Prejudice.  I lost track of how many times I've seen the VHS version (I taped it off of A&amp;E and then bought the tape set).  It is a superb production; the acting, production, screen play and scenery are fantastic.<br />The problem with the VHS versions is that the one taped from A&amp;E has a lot of the scenes cut out, and the box set keeps you switching tapes and fastforwarding through the commercials every 50 minutes.  The DVD is much more convenient and even includes extra scenes (more like extra lines to a few scenes, something only a huge fan would notice).<br />It is true that the DVD contains no subtitles, which is a big disappointment, because there is a line or two where I never could figure out what is being said.  I didn't notice the sound difficulties pointed out in other reviews, but the color is washed out.  I had to adjust the &quot;picture mode&quot; on my television and it's still faded somehow.  The DVD extras are nothing special, and I was disappointed not to find any interviews with the main characters (I wanted to see how they look &quot;normally.&quot;) <br />In spite of these small problems with the DVD, I highly recommend it for all P&amp;P lovers.  The convenience of only having to get up once (and you probably don't watch the whole thing in one sitting anyway) plus the 5 minutes or so of extra footage make this DVD a must.  Factor in that it is actually cheaper than the VHS set, and there's no question.  Simply adjust the settings on your television before watching, and settle in to 2 hours and fifty minutes of continuous Jane Austen.
006092988X|5.0|This book changed my life.  Betty Smith has become my favorite author and inspired me to read regularly again.  The characters will help young women to learn to accept themselves and understand their feelings.  I highly recommend this book along with all of her other books, especially Joy in the Morning.
B000002WU9|4.0|I love this album and am a huge Wu-Tang fan. I also like the addition of quotes from the movie &quot;The Killer,&quot; and the theme from it in the intro. However, this album drags when Raekwon and Ghostface start talking. If you are able to get past this (as I reluctantly do every listen), this is a great album.<br />&quot;Criminology&quot; is one of the best beats I have ever heard. In my life. And I love how it starts off with a little bit of Scarface too.<br />All in all, this is an incredible album, buy it.
B0000AXE8I|3.0|This &quot;middle act&quot; of the Matrix trilogy has difficulty standing on its own.  It lacks a compelling, driven storyline.  And not much really happens in the first third - you just sit and bide your time until the pace picks up a bit.<br />The playground fight with the multiple Agent Smiths runs too long.  Had it been a little shorter and tighter it would have played better, I think.  And Agent Smith seems less a threat to Neo and crew in this film but rather more of an inconvenience.<br />Middle act films are just difficult anyway. We already know the basic premises and we know the heroes have the ability to win in a fight, so where is the real tension?  Most importantly, where is the sense of awe and wonder that made the first film so fascinating?<br />The DVD extras are okay though not quite spectacular.  But by this point in time, consumers are expecting a bunch of DVD extras with movies like this one, so it never quite feels like an &quot;event&quot; purchase.  And since DVD buyers are becoming more and more demanding about the type, volume, and quantity of bonus features we/they get with a Special Edition purchase, it will be increasingly difficult to find a movie release with features that stand out above the rest of the field.<br />Case in point with &quot;Matrix: Reloaded&quot; -- it isn't that the DVD bonuses are a special treat, rather it is that we already EXPECT no less than this plethora of features.<br />The movie by itself is okay but not as compelling as the first one.  The bonus features are worth watching, too, but it really takes the combination of all these elements to merit the purchase.
B000005HBI|3.0|Ms. Wilson has a wonderful voice that reminds me somewhat of that of Cleo Laine. The problem for great voices--now I'm also thinking of Whitney Houston--is that they don't always make great albums.<br />This one is what I would describe as late night music, the kind of thing that you put on when you have arrived home having drunk rather too much, and want to hear something clear and pure to clear your head.<br />My favorite track on this is the Robert Johnson number Hellhound On My Trail, which is beautifully done with solo guitar accompaniment. I would like to have heard more of Ms. Wilson in this mode, but this album is a bit of a sampler--eclectic if you like--mixing blues, jazz and country, with violins creeping in every now and again.<br />Not a bad album at all, but I suspect that Ms. Wilson is capable of an even better one, so I reserve judgement a bit. I also have a feeling, and this is just a hunch, that this album may appeal more to female listeners than to the guys.<br />My star rating system goes like this:<br />5 stars--an absolute classic<br />4 stars--the artist is on top form here, a good buy<br />3 stars--fans of this artist should enjoy this album<br />2 stars--some good stuff, but inconsistent<br />1 star--just not good enough
B00005JM02|5.0|... making me wonder just how horrid they'll have to get when they finally crash. I mean, no one can keep making quality products forever, can they?<br />  Monsters, Inc., wasn't quite as good (to me) as some of the prior offerings, but with Finding Nemo Pixar jumps right back into its top form. One of the things that Pixar seems to understand far better than their patron Disney is how to strike a balance between \\"kid friendly\\" and \\"stupidly pandering\\". In Finding Nemo, we once more have a twin-plotline movie (just as we did in Toy Story 2), following the adventures both of little Nemo and of his terribly worried father. The characters are nice people without being insipid, and the opposition is mostly the world rather than other people.<br />One of the nicer things about the Pixar movies is that in general they don't always make adults out to be either totally stupid or totally the enemy. Nemo's father is overprotective, but dedicated, courageous, and capable of learning. Nemo, at the same time, is given a chance to grow out of what his overprotective father taught him, and the two are both better for the experience. Much of the current crop of movies and TV shows tend to be exceedingly divisive -- in kid's shows adults are either absent, idiots, or impediments, in adult's shows kids are either absent, plot tokens, or annoyances, and in shows targeted for the \\"young adult/teen\\" bracket, both younger kids and adults are impediments/ The Enemy (to the eternal refrain of \\"they just don't UNDERSTAND!\\").<br />  Pixar avoids playing that particular game; characters get to be who they are without assigned roles. You can have good and wise adults as well as stupid and hostile ones. Both sides can, and do, make mistakes. And by doing so, Pixar makes shows that are much more fun AND capable of much longer endurance. I wish other filmmakers would take a look and see what Pixar does right here. We could use more Pixars.
0671027387|3.0|Well researched.  Very interesting.  About 80% into the book the blood and gore started and I didn't want to read anymore.  But, of course, I did and finished the book just to see how it ends. This is my 3rd Dan Brown book and probably my last because even though these books are a good read, they feel like a made for TV/movie script.
B0000BWVCM|5.0|I'm *SURE* that violates some major law of the universe. Well, Patrick Stewart, Ian McKellen, and the rest of them are good lawbreakers, then. X-2 is excellent. It picks up where the first leaves off, but because it doesn't have to spend time doing the \\"set up\\" as the first movie did, it can get up and running right away, which it does. X-2 almost never slows down except to let you catch your breath for a moment, then takes off again.<br />Nightcrawler is extremely well done; he was a much-anticipated addition to the cast, and he works well. The changes in his background were expected, and they manage to keep the essence of his character unchanged.<br />Halle Berry, who seemed rather uncertain of how to portray Storm in the first movie, has stepped forward and grabbed the opportunity to play one of the coolest female characters in comicdom with both hands. NOW we see the woman that was once worshipped as a goddess, who has both beauty and a force of presence hard to rival on any count. Well done!<br />Jean Grey and Scott Summers... we're finally getting some of the chemistry right here.<br />Hugh Jackman's Wolverine just keeps getting better. He seems to have \\"gotten\\" the idea early on, but with the additional screen time he's managed to seriously hone the presentation.<br />Stewart and McKellen... what a team. Both have marvelous stage presence and acting ability, and project their characters with an intensity rarely seen in ANY type of film. Xavier's warmth of character and Magneto's fanatical, Machiavellian attitude both dominate their respective scenes (Magneto's jailbreak is one of the more horrific scenes I've watched recently, even though it manages to avoid extreme gore).<br />The overall plotline works well, drawing on several of the comic's most successful themes and characters while adding the necessary unique approach for a movie version. The ending clearly sets up for X3 what is probably the single most well-known sequence in comic-book history; the question is whether it will be possible for them to pull it off.<br />Wonderful superhero work. I hope they can do it one more time.uestion is whether it will be possible for them to pull it off.<br />Wonderful superhero work. I hope they can do it one more time.
0446677450|1.0|The info on property flipping is pure junk.   <br />I enjoyed &quot;The Richest Man in Babylon&quot; much more as it is a much better book with a similar message.<br />I too have a Master's Degree in Management, and while the message to build assets and avoid overspending is good, I had to put the book down when I got to the &quot;fast wealth&quot; examples about the real estate and small &quot;soon to be public&quot; stocks.  Give me a break.
B00005JKC3|4.0|I didn't initially expect much from this movie; the only thing that held out any hope for me was that it was being directed by Ang Lee.<br />This is a solid and well-done reinvention of the Hulk. Many moviegoers have complained about the slow start to action, or the focus on relationships and dramatic dialogue, but it strikes me that such people haven't really paid much attention to the original Hulk.<br />The Incredible Hulk was only partially about a Giant Green Behemoth who Breaks Things When He's Mad. It is, to a great extent, about people -- about the monsters that live inside all of us, about relationships going through change, about obsession, paranoia, fear, and anger.<br />With this movie, we see the seeds of disaster sown early (by Bruce Banner's father, not coincidentally named \\"David Banner\\" -- the same name chosen for the scientist in the TV version), allowing for a typically comic-book origin that is, at least, a bit easier to swallow for modern day audiences than the original \\"exposed to Gamma Bomb radiation\\" -- and which, at the same time, preserves virtually all of the ESSENCE of the Hulk's origin.<br />The CGI Hulk works wonderfully on the big screen; the small screen actually detracts somewhat from the experience. I'm not sure if it's showing up flaws that for some reason are less evident on the  movie screen, or if it's just that this, like Titanic's Big Sinking Ship scenes, is something that can't really be fully appreciated on anything that isn't Really Big itself.<br />I *CAN* (yes, can) understand why some people don't like The Hulk. Ang Lee uses many of the same atmospheric tricks he did in Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon. Many of his dramatics are keyed both to the concept of bringing a comic to life, and to maintaining an almost mystical, dreamlike atmosphere to the action. Thus some events don't *quite* make sense, but yet somehow work in the context of the movie.<br />Overall the acting is better than one might have expected -- even if there were mediocre actors cast (I don't know how good most of the main cast normally are) Ang Lee has clearly driven them to give decent performances. Bana's Banner is a heck of a nice guy overall, just with more and more problems always coming to roost right on top of him. This is the way Banner has always been portrayed, and it works. The Hulk himself is given a fair amount of character through expression and action; one interesting point that viewers will note is that the Hulk does his level best to avoid hurting people, even when it seems that it would be a LOT easier to ignore that point and just get to the smashing.<br />Overall, a good movie. I enjoyed watching it several times.there were mediocre actors cast (I don't know how good most of the main cast normally are) Ang Lee has clearly driven them to give decent performances. Bana's Banner is a heck of a nice guy overall, just with more and more problems always coming to roost right on top of him. This is the way Banner has always been portrayed, and it works. The Hulk himself is given a fair amount of character through expression and action; one interesting point that viewers will note is that the Hulk does his level best to avoid hurting people, even when it seems that it would be a LOT easier to ignore that point and just get to the smashing.<br />Overall, a good movie. I enjoyed watching it several times.
0156907399|5.0|I'm a senior in high school, and when I picked up To the Lighthouse for my summer reading this summer, I had no idea how much it would inspire me and change my perspective on life and writing. The book is not concerned with plot, but more with symbolism and human emotions and truths about life and the role of women in 20th century English society. <BR>  For someone who had never encountered Modernist writing style, I found Woolf's stream of consciousness wrting style extremely refreshing. It switches between characters' thoughts and the story so fluently that although it is occasionally confusing, overall, it makes the book more of a cohesive whole. <BR>  Of course, I can't deny that I used Sparknotes to fully understand the book. But that was because I had to comment on symbolism in my reading log, and some of Woolf's symbolism is hard to understand.  However, you don't need to use Sparknotes to understand this book.  I understood everything without them but still used them because I love this book so much that I wanted to know everything about it! (And I have never felt that way about summer reading before.)<BR>  This book was really fascinating and was an interesting insight into the social heirarchy of the 20th century and the roles of women in that society.  I thoroughly enjoyed reading about Lily Briscoe and Mrs. Ramsay, and I think that their struggles are those that any woman can relate to. Overall, I would say that To the Lighthouse is a masterpiece and is a must-read for any woman, especially women writers. I know that it has changed my perspective on being a woman writer and has inspired me to consider pursuing writing as a career.
0451526015|5.0|This is really the story that made me fall in love with Oscar Wilde. He's so cynical and sarcastic and witty!! The story is so dark and twisted, even if you can predict the end, you cannot predict all of it. The other stories included in this edition are terrific too, giving a real smorgasboard of his work.
B00005M91K|5.0|I don't buy the latent philosophy of this film (its inclination toward Zen/Sufi/New Age centrifugal escapism is too obvious), but when I see a masterpiece I cannot deny it. &quot;Baraka&quot; is a visual art of very good taste, informative, and emotionally disturbing. Also, I completely agree with the authors' silent critique of the big modern cities: they ARE evil, ridiculous, and ugly. There are several scenes in this film that made me believe again that I haven't seen it all yet! Don't miss this one.
B00005V1Y0|5.0|This has been my all-time favorite movie since my first viewing. If you like musicals, and somewhat off-beat comedy, you will enjoy it. If you like to watch dancing, you'll be over the moon. It's a good romance, a 'Cinderella Story' with a twist. Plus the music is great - I have the soundtrack too. Enjoy!
B00009V7RF|4.0|man is that first guy an idiot - and YES 'lets get retarded' IS obviously justified as offensive to disabled people! But obviously you keep an open mind about these things, as you seem to suffer from sort of mental disadvantage, and manage not to take ofense to the track name aswell!<BR>Albums pretty funky fresh too :p
B000001FKY|1.0|I became a fan of Def Leppard many years before they became popular to the general public. &quot;On Through The Night&quot;, &quot;High and Dry&quot; and &quot;Pyromania&quot; are all great Rock records, with &quot;High and Dry&quot; being one of the best Rock records of all time.  The terrible songs on &quot;Hysteria&quot; obviously proves that when it came time for this group to get together and write songs; Pete Willis was THE MAN. They are nothing without Pete's inventive and catchy rock guitar riffs. Dumb Leppard should have never kicked him out of the band.  This piece of garbage actually deserves &quot;zero&quot; stars but one star is the lowest rating Amazon will allow.
B000089CKH|5.0|I didn't even know who these guys were until I heard this CD, and now it is one of my all-time favorite CDs, and they are one of my favorite bands.  At least give it a listen or two, and check out their last cd, The Proximity Effect.  You'll be surprised, I guarantee it.  They're just as good live too.  They tour extensively, so its worth it to see them in person if you hear they're nearby.  The bands they tour with are usually good too.  CHECK THEM OUT!
B000069AUI|5.0|This is one album that I never get tired of listening to. Coldplay at their best, almost every track on this album could be a single. In an age where so many musicians resort to making albums with a couple of decent songs and loads of other filler songs, this is a really refreshing album. Coldplay has breathed new life into a music scene that has been gasping for air.
0790742780|5.0|The best part of this movie happened in the army/navy supply store.  The guy Nick played his part so well that one couldn't help but be impressed.  Even the most politically correct people can't help but laugh at him.  Nick was the movie and well someone should tell Duval to play another role besides a cop.
0790730960|5.0|It was a given after the success of the the live action Batman movie that a sequel was going to be made, and you knew it was going to reach the heights set by the first one as well.  Why, because original, and very visionary, director Tim Burton returns as does the best Batman to date, Michael Keaton with as much brooding menace as the first, although he is noticeably more comfortable this time around.  And perhaps he should be.  Not only is Burton helming, but an outstanding supporting cast was assembled that surpasses, surprisingly, the fine cast of the first which boasted a maniacal Jack Nicholson having loads of fun and Kim Basinger.  To supplant the maniacal Nicholson is the demented Penguin, protrayed by a freakish looking Danny De Vito in a special effects wizard Stan Winston get-up.  De Vito, however, is having tons of wicked fun, capturing every black, twisted facet of the Penguin.  Michelle Pfeiffer replaces the concept of Vicki Vale as Batmans' love interest in favor of Selena Kyle, but Kyle is a character who has far more depth and, ultimately, is far more interesting than Vicki Vale.  The one fact that Kyle undergoes a physcological transformation into Catwoman, becoming a tortured as Batman is enough to warrant that statement.   Another adversary to Batman is added to the mix in scheming fellow billionaire Max Schrek.  Christopher Walken has just as good a time a De Vito playing the slimy Schrek, looking to use the penguin in a scheme to control Gothams' power supply.<br />Bruce Wayne/Batman begins to suspect that Schrek and the Penguin are up to something when he learns of some of the shady business behind Schreks' new power plant and the Penguin trying to become the mayor of Gotham, but Batman soon learns of Penguins' real ambitions involving the murder of all Gothams' children.  Also thrown into the mix is Selena Kyle who looks to exact revenge on Schrek for his trying to kill her and get the Batman, who is her only rival in the night (does this look thrown together to anyone else).  But screenwriter Daniel Peters (who concocted the story with Sam Hamm) keeps it plausible, while still adding enough dark and wicked humor for the masses to chew on.<br />As general consensis, &quot;Batman Returns&quot; is bleaker and colder than the original, which it is.  No one and nothing matches the gleefully evil persona that Jack Nicholson brought to the Joker or the atmosphere of noirish fun of the original (though &quot;Returns&quot; still boasts a ton of dark fun itself), but perhaps Burton and his crew didn't mean to do &quot;Returns&quot; that way in the first place.  After all, this is the same director of &quot;Edward Scissorhands&quot; and the producer and creative force behind &quot;The Nightmare before Christmas.&quot;   The relative coldness and bleaker nature of &quot;Batman Returns' probably fits the film-making of Tim Burton more than the original, which is maybe the reason why I found &quot;Batman Returns&quot; even better than the classic original.
B00005OM4N|3.0|Britney Spears' self titled album (albiet her third), garners more scoff than praise in most markets. Unfortunately for &quot;Britney-haters&quot;, I plan to shed a little light on this album<BR>  By all accounts it is not a classic, nowhere near, and its definitely not classic &quot;Britney&quot; either. While there are some mean-well attempts at creativity here, there is still a dividing line that makes Spears very much a pop artist. Her first single, &quot;Slave 4 U&quot;, is one of the best tracks off the album. It contains a danceable beat, interesting vocal arrangements, a gritty performance by Spears, and only exhibits another little corner of the Neptune's genuis. Unforunately, Spears still decided to collaborate with producer &quot;Darkchild&quot;, known otherwise as Rodney Jenkins. Rodney Jenkins does not breathe new life into Spears' act, but only ressurrects a standard performance and standard song-writing. Such songs as &quot;Bombastic Love&quot;, &quot;I'm not a girl&quot; and &quot;That's where you take me&quot; show promise, and at least differentiate from Spears' former work. To show you what I mean, if you listen to &quot;Cinderella&quot;, you can clearly hear similarties to such songs as &quot;Oops I did it again&quot;, and the same is evident in the fan-favorite &quot;What it's like to be me&quot;, even though using Ex-boyfriend Justin Timberlake's upbeat vocals in the tune does give it extra life. <BR>  Over-all, &quot;Britney&quot;, is a crowd pleaser...a fan pleaser anyway,  and while it may be overly predictable and packaged, the wrapper is still pleasantly colored with some spicy vocals and keen arrangments. Hopefully this is just a short shot in the dark at better things to come.
B0000C7PQK|5.0|In response to the other harsh reviews calling this latest Enigma project &quot;Euro-trash&quot;, &quot;not imaginative enough&quot;, etc. etc. here are my thoughts (yep, another 2 cents worth from another reviewer)...I will admit I am an avid Enigma fan since 1990. The key word being avid, not obsessed. It is the only Enigma cd in my collection that I can listen to from start to finish (it just flows that smoothly and has all the catchy creative hooks ). Whereas with the other Enigma titles I would find myself picking and choosing my favorite tracks from each cd. Le Roi Est Mort, Vive Le Roi was the only cd in the Enigma catalog where in my opinion didn't have a lot going for it (TNT For The Brain was the strongest track). If this latest project by Cretu, Sandra, and the gang have reviewers divided, then that too is awesome because if everyone loved it it would show a lack of diverse experimental creativity on Cretu's part in trying to please everyone...He then would not be a true artist unto himself first ! There is NOTHING like Enigma or this cd out there anywhere ! Similar rip offs, hacks, but they are not Enigma...I have owned Voyageur for a month and for me listening to it each time I discover something new and unique, not something repetitive or mundane...There are also speculative reasons as to why Cretu has not &quot;allowed&quot; his wife Sandra to sing or do any lead vocals other than her sensual talking and whispering. For those who have never heard her sing, you need to check out her solo import cd's under her name Sandra...She has a unique nasally but very pop friendly voice...the word being &quot;pop&quot;---she is not bad at all but to be honest many WILL compare her to a Madonna from the early days or Paula Abdul-like.However, the exception is that her sensuality that you hear in her speaking voice also comes out in her singing as a sort of velvety fawning characteristic. As for Cretu's voice, boy does he get flack, but his voice is no better and noworse than other vocalists (or claim to be professional singers) that are strictly solo artists and really stink. Also, those who hate the track The Look of Today for sounding like ABC's The Look Of Love, listen carefully to the lyrics. It's about &quot;shallowness&quot;, commercialism, vanity. Therefore, the very musical nature or sound of the song itself may be a tongue in cheek poppish almost retro-new wavish tribute to pop culture. Just enjoy Voyageur and don't scratch too hard beneath it's surface...this is not brain surgery or an autopsy you guys !...Just be open to it and enjoy, enjoy...
B00006CXXU|5.0|Ahhh, what a couple of years can do. Christina Aguilera is no stranger to the pop-music market: with pre-packaged pretties such as &quot;Genie in a Bottle&quot; and &quot;What a Girl Wants&quot;, but this album exhibits raw talent, and the mind of a strengthened, troubled, angry young woman was the last thing anyone imagined would be on the singer's agenda. Aguilera has proven us all wrong. <BR>  It is evident in this disc that Christina Aguilera is reaching out to the other troubled young women of the world, calling them to arms to protect themselves and others like them. Unlike most pop albums, most of the tracks on &quot;Stripped&quot; are enfused with a message from the gritty &quot;Fighter&quot; to the inspiring &quot;Keep On Singing My Song&quot;, the singer's best recording yet. While Aguilera's first album garnered her comparisons with the likes of Britney Spears and Jessica Simpson, her latest could only be matched up to the likes of Mariah Carey and Whitney Houston. Christina, or &quot;X-tina&quot;, doesn't shoot for the sure-fire pleaser, but rather for the credibility and awe given to those who really stretch their vocal chords and spill their guts. Thats what this album is about, guts. The inner turmoil and personal trauma we go through in life, but the inspirational hope and strength we find to make it through. This album is a genuine show of talent and is a far departure from anything Aguilera has done. To put it simply, it will be extremely hard to top.
B00005JMFI|2.0|While Elf has some cute and amusing moments, it plays like most other vehicles of Saturday Night Live players - a skit that goes on too long.  Will Ferrell is best when he's alone off doing his weird, absurd schtick; however, the film turns to sweet, sweet syrup (the kind Buddy The Elf likes to put on his spaghetti) whenever he mingles with the other flatly drawn characters.  'Tis the season, yes, but when you don't feel anything for anyone in the film, it's hard to have even an iota of the Christmas Spirit needed to get Santa's sleigh off the ground.  This one's for kids and Will Ferrell groupies only.
B0000AXE8I|3.0|The Matrix Reloaded neither satisfies expectations nor disappoints entirely; but after so much hype there isn't much more one could expect.  <BR>The Matrix was an exercise in high budget experimental sci-fi, and where it worked was in its willingness to use archetypal characters and put them in the context of a cutting edge action film.  With revolutionary special effects and a very futuristic look, the Matrix also managed to engage the viewer in a very well written plot and creative vision.  <br />Unfortunately, the Matrix Reloaded builds more on the technological side, and the philosophical and esoteric undertones are lost amid useless scenes of show-off filming.  Admittedly, this is impressive in some instances where the plot is moved along, such as the car chase and the scene featuring neo fighting against a multiplying horde of agents, but overall the film just LOOKS like something we'll be laughing about in 15 years.  <BR>And while the Matrix will still hold up due to its plot and character development, I'm still scratching my head as to what the Matrix Reloaded will mean to us.
B000003TA4|5.0|This is one of the greatest bands ever...just listen them and it will save me alot of typing.
B00005JLYW|5.0|With the latest cinematic opus from director Joseph McGinty-Nichol, CHARLIE'S ANGELES: FULL THROTTLE, the audience is treated to a cinematic bauble that refracts the iconography of the classic 70's television series through the sensibilities of <BR>one of the most promising American directorial talents of the past 20 years. Drawing form sources including, but not limited to, The Old Testament and American cinematic history, McGinty-Nichol's film is truly one for the ages.<br />New to this ANGELS installment is Demi Moore, appearing here as former Angel Madison Lee. With her character, McGinty-Nichol attempts to put a contemporary spin on the Biblical creation myth in which the Archangel Lucifer is cast out of heaven and <BR>condemned to walk in shadows til the end of time. Enraged at being cast out of Paradise, Lucifer searches for ways to strike back at the Creator and his work. In THROTTLE, McGinty-Nichol has found his Lucifer in the guise of Ms. Moore (returning to the screen from her own cinematic purgatory of the past 5 years). Throughout the piece, Moore's Madison Lee lurks in the background, biding her time and pulling the strings as she orchestrates her plan to destroy that which Charlie (read: God) holds most dear: His greatest creation - The Angels.<br />Biblical allusions aside, this edition of the ANGELS franchise culls a number of key sequences from a more recent text - namely, the pages of American cinematic history.  Innumerable films are paid homage to, from RAIDERS OF THE LOST ARK, to SINGING IN THE RAIN, to CAPE FEAR, to SATURDAY NIGHT FEVER, to <BR>FLASHDANCE, to THE PINK PANTHER, to CABARET, to THE JERK, to THE <BR>SOUND OF MUSIC, to Bond Films, Elvis Films, Hong Kong Actioners, Busby Berkley Musicals, Beach Blanket Bingo Films, and even films of the silent era.  (Mr. Glover's virtuoso performance as &quot;The Creepy Thin Man&quot; in this piece draws heavily from the <BR>overly-theatrical performance methods of the stars of silent films, and, assuch, works nicely as an homage to the pre-talkie era.)<br />McG moves effortlessly from one genre and era to another, inevitably and appropriately climaxing the film with a sequence that has as its backdrop an A-list Hollywood film premiere.  His metaphorical stroll through the films of the past culminates with a literal stroll down Hollywood Boulevard and The Walk Of Fame.  In addition, the climatic premiere is that of a &quot;big dumb action film&quot; titled MAXIMUM EXTREME 2.  Here we find another in a long line of none-too subtle nods/acknowledgement that McG is well aware of exactly the type of film he's authoring. (&quot;MAXIMUM EXTREME&quot;/&quot;FULL THROTTLE&quot;... What's the dif?)  So, in essence, the journey undertaken in FULL THROTTLE is one of conception, gestation, and birth.  At its core, this film is a rollercoaster ride through film history (gestation) culminating in the <BR>release (birth) of a surrogate/stand-in film for McG's latest cinematic offering (child).  FULL THROTTLE is, in essence, a Love Child whose parents are Film History and McG.<br />Now, though there is an overabundance of quoting from films of the past on display here, this is not to say that said film is not relevant or contemporary.  FULL THROTTLE is anything but.  In addition to calling upon the audiences' knowledge of the cinematic past, for the historically impaired, Mr. McG includes innumerable reference to his own debut feature.  The impromptu &quot;U Can't Touch This&quot; dance sequence references the Cameron Diaz character's affinity for old skool hip-hop, which was readily apparent in Soul Train sequence from the original film.  Other references - too many to list in their entirety -  include the Diaz character's Spider Man underoos, which, prominently featured in the first ANGELS film, make a return cameo appearance here.  Also, the audience is treated to a redux of the Drew Barrymore character's attempt to stop an assault by a (male) aggressor by extending her legs into a &quot;V&quot; (read: girl power).  By layering his film with touchstones from both the cinematic past AND the cinematic present, McG subtly carves out a space for his own oeuvre in the hallowed halls of film classics from years gone by.
B0000AXE8I|1.0|After seeing the first movie, perhaps I sat down to enjoy this one with my expectations too high.  Unfortunately, aside from some great slow-mo cgi effects, Reloaded was nothing more than a bridge between the first movie and whatever they come up with for the third.  I couldn't believe the ending of this movie!  As the words &quot;to be continued&quot; burned into the screen, I felt like I had been ripped off.<br />This movie has no storyline; you reach the end and nothing has been resolved.  I'm an avid movie watcher, and this is one of the few times I've actually found myself angry at the producers when the movie was over.<br />Bottom line: skip this turkey and carefully consider whether you want to watch the next one.  If the reviews aren't slam-dunk on the next Matrix movie, it won't be on a screen in my house.  Thumbs down to Warner Brothers on this one.
B000089RVX|1.0|Cutting to the chase, this album is so overrated, its incredible. Actually the album is ok, even below-average. Some people are even calling this the begining of a new era in metal, Melody Metal?  Funny stuff alright, but there are much better albums out there. My first problem with this album is the quality of lyrics (I am not broke, dont try to fix me), then the typically processed sound of each and every song. There is something very artificial, shallow, superfluous, with this album. I guess its the way the band made every song very friendly to listen. Its like people sitting down to make great music not great music just coming out naturally. I always thought the difference between pop and rock music is while pop is music made &quot;for&quot; the masses, rock is music made &quot;by&quot; the masses. Its something natural (rock) versus something fake (pop). nothing wrong or right as such.<br />Keeping the morals aside for a while, Tourniquet and My Last Breath are good songs and they quite rock. I cant think of any other. The only reason I even got this CD is because everybody and their brother was talking about it. Well, dont buy into such talk any more. Let me tell you, there are some more great releases out there you might want to try, Opeth's Damnation/Deliverence are excellent, now that is what metal is. Queensryches Tribe is good, Anthrax has a brilliant record out We've Come For U All, or get thenew Poison The WEll CD, Porcupine Tree's In Absentia is music and save your hard money for good music such as that. Leave this fallen alone, explore the better ones!
B0000AXE8I|4.0|the movie is awsome. i have nothing bad to comment about it. the dvd in the other hand is not what i expected by a long shot. &quot;The matrix&quot; (part I) dvd was one of the first dvd's on the market that included some really cool extra features. It made the fenomenon even more impressive. It included the script, sotryboards, website on disk, documentaries, even trivia games. the matrix reloaded dvd lacks all of it, even though it is a 2 disk set. where is the content that will keep me hours reading and searching, and getting inmersed in the matrix experience. I have to say that this dvd seems inprovised. I don't regret having bought it, I love the movie. But the dvd edition is lacking all the ecxitement that is associated with this release.
B000084T18|5.0|50 Cent is a talented artists. He has brought alot to hip-hop. He knows how to make a commercial album but as most know can keep it underground. He isn't a supreme lyricist but neither was 2Pac, in no way can 50 compare to Pac. 50 does have the rhymes to get everybody hyped.I think 50 is a commercial version of Pac.
B00009V7RF|5.0|This CD is off the hook,  Head over to Apple's iTunes Store to buy the Shut Up (Remix) not found anywhere else.  It is well worth the 99 cents.
B00008H2LB|5.0|I think this album is great. I don't have the first album to compare it to, but I love LP's unique &quot;sound&quot; in all of the songs. They aren't afraid to do something different than what everyone else is currently doing - for example using Japanese flute in &quot;Nobody's Listening&quot;, a song that I hope never gets (over) played on the radio because I love it.
0790730960|4.0|Batman Return is the best one in the series it better than Batman,Superman Danny Devito was good as the peguine Michele priffler was exellecent as Catwoman stop complain pewople said that Batman Forever was the best.atman Forever sucks complain to Batman Return Batman return had action has god story telling good gadets Like the new improve Batmoblie which shoots mini boomrang and the Bat gilder secences was the best secens in the movie it is worth the pownnfor true movie lovers i hered this are sepecials edition in the works to be realeses in 2005 to prompt the new Batman movie wih chrisphoer Bale.
B00006ZCFH|1.0|HATED IT!!!!  And the funniest thing is that this comes a true Badu fan. I think the albulm was a waste of her time to make and a waste of my time to listen to. The only time your not wasting is in viewing this comment.  Better luck next time Erykah......keep on and on, and on and on.
B0000508U6|5.0|No matter how hard I try, I can't steer away from Coldplay. The alternative rock band from Britain has completely changed my world and I don't know how it happened. The first time I heard about these guys was when I was watching some music channel on TV and saw the music video for \\"Yellow.\\" I totally ignored it, and now. Years later, I became a Coldplay fan. After officially declaring myself a Coldplay fan, I went to the nearest and cheapest record store and bought Parachutes, Coldplay's first effort other than an EP.<BR>The album starts with a calm and relaxing theme \\"Don't Panic.\\" Here Chris Martin uses his soothing voice to tell the listener how lucky many people are to be alive. It quite short, only about three minutes long, but it conveys the message well. The music is excellent, with an acoustic guitar in the background and a soothing electric guitar to provide the melody.<BR>The next track, \\"Shiver\\", immediately starts with an electric guitar and goes into a fast intro, then Martin sings about how his love ignores him. It's a wonderful song, with the instruments and Martin's voice blends together perfectly.<BR>The third track is \\"Spies\\" is not one of my favorites, but it's a little haunting and creepy. Martin's voice turns into a haunting voice, a voice that sounds like a person that is a little enigmatic. Then the electric guitars kick in and the song turns into an amazing ride and will make the listener feel satisfied.<BR>\\"Sparks\\" uses the bass as a harmony, which is used well. Martin's voice sounds a little scratchy, but other than that, it's a calming song,<BR>\\"Yellow\\" is probably the most famous track on this album. It's a lot faster than the other songs, but it is done well. I didn't know this at first, but I found out that Martin might be singing about premature birth babies. When a child is born prematured, then its skin might be yellow and it can be healed by light. Therfore, the lyrics \\"Look at the stars / look how they shine for you\\" \\"Your skin andbones\\" and so on.<BR>\\"Trouble\\" is one of my favorites on this album. Martin's voice comes out great and the piano melody is amazing. I love this song.<BR>\\"Parachutes\\" is really short, about 45 seconds long. If you blink, you will miss it. It's a good acoustic song and takes a break from the other songs. At the end, you wish it would continue...<BR>\\"High Speed\\" is my favorite song on this album. It has a long, but great intro, with guitars and everything. And Martin's voice is amazing. I can't stress how good this song it is. Its amazing.<BR>\\"We Never Change\\" is a great song in which Martin is singing about how we still wish for the same desires that we wanted even long ago.<BR>The amazing album concludes with \\"Everything's Not Lost.\\" As you can judge by the title, it is song that ends in a hopeful kind of tone. There is a short pause then an inspiration verse that concludes one of the best albums of the year. Don't be the one to miss it!!
B00006879E|5.0|I first heard &quot;Harder to Breathe&quot; and was immediately hooked.  It's a harder edge soft rock, which isn't a bad thing.  They have their own unique sound that seperates them from just about everything else on the radio.  Very few bands have accomplished this lately.  Maroon 5, along with another one of my favorites Matchbox 20, have found there place in pop music.  I've read some of the other reviews saying that they are just &quot;a boy band with guitars&quot;.  That's fine and well for them, they are entitled to their opinion, but they are missing out on a great band and a great album.  The fact that the band writes their own songs lends credence to this fact.
0393317552|3.0|An interesting read that misses, in my opinion, one of the more fundamental reasons for the rise of Europe versus the other cultures - THE PRINTED WORD!  Ironic that a \\"book\\" is written that overlooks the value of \\"books\\" in cultural development.  There was a good reason why \\"Time\\" magazine, in naming the most influential people in the last millenium named Guttenberg as #1.  China, the Middle East, and South Asia all had well defined advanced cultures to Europe.  One can trace the beginning of the divergence to the establishment of the printing press and the mechanical reproduction of words.  Through this process alone came an explosion in scientific inquiry and discovery, as well as the development of an educated ruling class.  China, Middle East, and South Asia societies remained dynastic based on the monopoly of the written word in the hands of these dynasts.  Africa, Asia, and the the Americas remained for the most part agrarian and tribal where experience was based by word of mouth with all that interpretation and memory flaws have still to offer mankind.  <br />There is certainly much in what Diamond has to say, but one must look at the issue of \\"conquest\\" when one thinks of \\"divergence\\".  Was - or is? - man fundamentally different between Asians, Africans and Europeans?  To quote Shylock:  \\"If you prick them, do they not bleed?  If you tickle them, do they not laugh?\\"  What, then, suddenly happened to provide Europeans with the means to conquest?  Advance in technology over both the Middle Eastern and Chinese cultures were only attained by the spread of knowledge, and this through the invention of movable type that provided for the exponential expansion of knowledge.  And this is where Diamond is wrong on the comparison of the people of New Guinea and America; America is based on a learned society through the printed word.  That is why America landed on the moon and New Guinea still hasn't gotten off the ground.  <br />The books is, nonetheless, fascinating in drawing many themes together in a coherent whole.  Indeed, without the skill Diamond has shown in doing this, none of the rest of we reviewers would have been able to come up with the criticism we have in pointing out deficiencies.  It, too, is a function of the intellectual development of the West - as is this internet - that has provided for the core cause of the dominance of the West.  As we've seen from just the 20th Century - esp. in China and India today! - when knowledge is disseminated in the form of the printed word, cultural gaps narrow to nothing.  Nothing is more indicative of this than the history of Japan since Commodore Perry \\"opened\\" them up in 1854 to where they are today.  This, truly, is the power of the press that Diamond overlooked.
0385504209|2.0|Okay, I admit I read it in one sitting but please be aware that this book is the literary equivalent of Lethal Weapon 4.  Lots of mindless action, stilted dialogue, naive cultural viewpoints, and an ending that leaves you rather embarrassed that you read the book.<br />And of course be sure to use Google to find the historical inaccuracies and author indulgences.
B000002I2M|4.0|For their last studio album as a foursome, the Doors return to their blues roots in 1971 for the excellent album LA Woman. Longtime producer Paul Rothchild refuses to help in this case, saying the tapes sound like &quot;cocktail music,&quot; so the band assumes production duties in collaboration with engineer Bruce Botnick. The title track is a great freeway driving song; unfortunately it was one of the few Doors classics overplayed on classic rock radio. &quot;The WASP (Texas Radio and the Big Beat)&quot; was also overplayed, however John Densmore's pounding drum beat and Ray Manzerak's fabulous organ work still make it memorable. Singer Jim Morrison excels on the blues cuts: on &quot;Been Down So Long,&quot; his voice is strong and authoritative, on &quot;Cars Hiss By My Window&quot; (a great Jimmy Reed-style slow blues), he does a great wah-wah vocal effect. Nice! &quot;Riders on the Storm&quot; works so well because both Jim and the band underplay the story of a &quot;killer on the road&quot; to brilliant effect. Excellent piano work by Ray and guitar work by Robbie Krieger on this track. There is even a fantastic cover of John Lee Hooker's &quot;Crawling King Snake,&quot; which fits Jim's Lizard King persona to perfection. Absolutely mesmerizing (like a cobra!). Unfortunately, &quot;L'America&quot; and &quot;Hyacinth House&quot; are merely good, not great songs and it is obvious the band needed to recharge their batteries before moving on. Sadly, Jim died in Paris in the summer of 1971 and it was not meant to be. Still, the original Doors left us with six high-quality studio albums of their mystical, penetrating music that is still enjoyed by their fans today. Get this album, you will love it madly.
0449227421|2.0|That don't impress me much !!<br />He could have done a better job of researching before writing this book. Jeannie is likable.<BR>The triumvirate Berrington Jones, Jim Proust and Preston Barck are hysterical and whine throughout the book about their 'ugly secret' getting discovered.<br />And - there are lots and lots of flaws. To name just a few -<br />Jeannie writes a computer program which has a footprint small enough to be loaded into a floppy (yeah !!) &amp; has the ability to search any database regardless of the OS or the hardware which it is residing on !!! Just plug-and-play. GREAT !!. If she was that capable, she could have taken up that as her main vocation and made millions. Oh no ! she has to be a geneticist, a psychologist and a kick-ass programmer at the same time. I saw in the acknowledgements section, Follett thanking some computer experts. Well, either they are all dumb or he chose the wrong 'experts'.<br />Steve &amp; his dad just walks into the Pentagon on some stupid pretext, plugs into their database and steal information. Then Steve pushes away the guards and escapes from there in a bus ??!! Your local Walmart would have more security !<br />Follett doesn't show any solid reason why Jeannie &amp; Steve is so hell-bent in ruining Berrington's company's merger. They could have just arrested the rapist and be done with it.<br />And The climax was lame and overdone.<br />Now what I liked about this was the storyline. This was a nice subject which with a little effort, would have been pretty slick. There are some characters who were likable - Jeannie is ok and Dennis Pinker was nicely drawn. He sents a chill down your spine.<br />Not worthy of precious time and effort ..I am a slow reader,so I know..:(
B00005JKC3|4.0|I seen movie with my daughter last summer and we both enjoyed the movie alot. I felt it was a little long and the last half hour of the movie could have been used in the next movie. The pace of the movie was good in developing the story and when the Hulk broke loose and the action took off to amazing heights. It would have been nice if the Hulk talked more like in the comics. I enjoyed watching the REAL Hulk jump, run and destroy everything in TRUE MARVEL FORM not a man on TV with green makeup runnig through downtown Manhattan in New York. If you read the Marvel comics or watched the 1960's cartoons on TV everyone would understand why Hulk can do what he does. I feel it's a good buy because it has a good storyline and the true Marvel nature of what the Hulk is.
B00006ZCFH|4.0|I have to whole-heartedly agree with &quot;jazzyone.&quot; It's unfortunate that there are people who don't &quot;get&quot; this album... but maybe they'll listen to it years from now, and hear how dope it is when they're ready to hear it.<br />Erykah is brilliant... this album is brand new, it's retro, it's collaborative (Zap Mama, Latifah, Mahamadia [sp?], etc.). It's friggin' brilliant. I was lucky enough to catch her &quot;Underground&quot; tour at the House of Blues in LA and it was one of the best shows I've ever seen... Erykah keeps music alive, along with a few others, like Meshell Ndegeocello, Radiohead, Ben Harper, etc... thank goodness!!!!
B000002UE2|5.0|CAUGHT IN THE ACT is Grand Funk Railroad's last great album. It features songs from GFR's entire six-year history, and is just as good as their earlier LIVE ALBUM. The group would deteriorate severely with BORN TO DIE and GOOD SINGIN' GOOD PLAYIN', but here it seems as if they could go on forever. Of course, they did the smart thing a year later and split while they were still able to make at least some good music, but they'd be back for a couple of abysmal early-80s albums. In the meantime, get this one.
B000002MG1|5.0|See if you can get a hold of the audio dvd (5.1) version of this album.  The seperation is incredible, and it feels like Stipe is singing in your ear.<br />Even without 5.1, this album is, by far, the best REM album IMHO, and I can't believe you can buy it for $2+ used!  This is their Abbey Road...
6305949980|5.0|This is quite possibly the greatest animated movie ever to grace this troubled earth. With an amazing plotline, Tim Burton gave me a rare treat for my eyes.(It also let me forgive him for any relation to Batman)Danny Elfman's score was absolutely brilliant.<BR>I love the visuals, I mean, a man with an axe in his head in a children's movie?!  I would suggest this movie to anyone. Definitely in my top 5. GO BUY IT, NOW.
0745166695|5.0|You may think you've read enough harrowing accounts of someone's life as a prisoner of war, but what sets this memoir apart is the resolution of the author's searing memories of one Japanese tormentor in particular, and his life-changing efforts to find and reconnect with that man when both are in their 60s and beyond.  Its an incredibly compelling and moving tale, from beginning to end, and beautifully written.
0449002632|3.0|Edward Rutherfurd's London embodies the noble history and heritage of the city in the past two centuries. Whether it is Rutherfurd's tour de force of story telling or a thorough research in the historical archive, London opens to readers the windows to the past, through the capricious, ever-shifting fortunes, lives, destinies, and amazing interactions of several families.  Their webbed hands characterized the Duckets who were down the family line of Leofric. The Silversleeves were of Norman descent and got brawny built. A hurried Norman clerk had made one of the few but egregious mistakes in which he forgot to record Duckets' ancestors as free. The Duckets, through some ever-shifting and checkered fate, existed also under the name Dogget.<br />London is nothing but a historical fiction that builds upon the history of the city over 2000 years, from Ice Age to Julius Caesar, to the Medieval, to Renaissance and present. So long as readers scrupulously follows the chronological account, the intricate family lines and the overlap and interactions between the very families, it is an absorbing read, though I do not find it intriguing. The book resembles a huge, endless compression of the lives of a sampling of Londoners during their respective times. Generations after generations, these very families coincidentally found themselves befriending, collaborating, fighting, persevering, revenging, marrying and colluding each other among the ever-shifting fortunes, destinies, political crisis, and wars. Family genealogy somehow holds the novel in one piece or else the book reads like a bunch of stories with innumerable characters.<br />Readers who are not familiar with London and its historical landmarks might find the book somewhat difficult to grasp. Rutherfurd gives succinct details on landmarks such as the Westminster Abbey, St. Paul's Cathedral, Buckingham Palace, Covents Garden, Royal Society of London, Twinings Tea Shop, Museum of London, West End, Soho, and the Big Ben.Rutherfurd uses these landmarks as backdrop to his characters. The author also deftly captures significant history of the city such as the Viking's invasion in 1088, the London Riot in 1189, the Black Death pandemic that hit all of Europe in 1348, the Peasant's Revolt in 1381, Civil War in 1649, the London's Fire in 1666, the establishment of the Royal Observatory in Greenwich in 1675, opening of Twinings Tea Shop in 1750, the Spanish flu pandemic in 1918, and Hitler's Blitzkrieg on London in 1940. <br />Incidences of literary interest were the authorship of the Canterberry Tales. Geoffrey Chaucer himself was among one of the characters. The English theater flourished under Queen Elizabeth's reign and Shakespeare wrote only half of all his plays when the period of theater ended. The Bible also infiltrated London in 1382 and raised such alarm among church authorities. Almost concurrently the King appointed himself the Supreme Head of Church which entitled him the power to not only take in all revenues and appoint bishops and abbots, but to decide on all church doctrines just so to thwart heresy.<br />London could be a rewarding read should readers wish to learn about the history of the city under a literary context. It is a thorough factual account in literary form. But it is far less captivating as the book claims and readers might have to trudge a bit through the not-so-interesting and absorbing prose. Readers might not be able to recall most of the characters and the happenings despite the significant historical occurrences. 3.5 stars.
B00005JL78|2.0|Murder has been wiped out in Washington DC thanks to the efforts of the precrime team and three precognitives.  Max Von Sydow is the head of the team and Cruise is one of the officers.  The precogs predicts murders and the team prevents them from happening.  But one day Cruise is predicted to murder somebody.  He goes on the run.  Cruise tries to clear his name.  That would have made a good movie but to much didn't fit.<br />The crisis occurs just as the Precrime operation is going to go national.  How?  There are only the three precogs.  Are they suddenly going to start sensing nationally?  It doesn't make sense.<br />We see lots of scenes of fabulous highways and cars driving on buildings (many look like cheap CGI and could have looked better) but all of these things are absent from all of the outside backgrounds (sort of like how Hogwarts towers are never visible in the outdoor scenes in the Harry Potter movies).<br />This movie was very reminiscent of Spielberg's A.I. which was also full of stunning visuals not backed up by story or plot.  With a little more attention and fewer special effects, this could have been an excellent film.  A sad tribute to Philip K. Dick.
B00005JKJA|5.0|It begins with a jitterbug, ends with a suicide, and seems to spike through everything both hopeful and hopeless about L.A.'s film industry in between.<br />David Lynch's Mulholland Dr. may very well be his single best achievement in noiresque narrative mixed with his trademark skips and jumps in logic. Brilliantly acted, shot, edited, mixed and scored, Mulholland Dr. may or may not make sense to what no doubt will be a bewildered viewer, but the images conveyed in the interim prove unforgettable.<br />Read about the plot in the &quot;Plot Outline&quot; link or in the external reviews by Roger Ebert, David Edelstein or Kenneth Turan. I want to present something else here: the notion that what you're seeing does, in fact, exhibit a logic and brilliantly plays on so many emotional levels that, taken as a whole, Mulholland Dr. can unsettle not just those who don't get it but, worse still, those who do.<br />So many reviewers use the term &quot;dream&quot; to describe this film, and Lynch himself cleverly quips the tagline &quot;A love story in the city of dreams.&quot; I won't go into every detail in order to completely spoil someone else's first-time enjoyment of the film, but let me go far enough to ask that you consider that what's shown is a dream through most of the movie and that the rest is a mix of imagination, delusion, memory, guilt, and sheer disgust, all made to counter the illusions just shown to you.<br />Consider that much of what you're seeing isn't just coming from the mind of Lynch as filmmaker but from the dreamer as the one sometimes incorrectly interpreting L.A.'s lifestyle. Even Betty, the movie's heroine, refers to where she is as a &quot;dream place.&quot;<br />Consider that the Club Silencio is where the dreamer reaches the closest point to realizing the truth without being told it, where the environment of the dream is revealed, where the song elucidates more than just a point about the dimensions of sight and sound when they're not real: it uncovers a true feeling underscoring the entire dream. The song is sung in Spanish, one more way to show that it's not completely real or understandable while, at the same time, it teems with a very real, underlying feeling that brought the dreamer to her dream and, later, to her unflinching, gruesome reality. It's as if the Spanish singer is speaking the emotion but in a way that keeps the dreamer from fully realizing it.<br />Consider that Betty and Rita, as the critics put it, are archetypes of the dream but that Laura Elena Harring's and Naomi Watts' characters in the end, after a jarring switch in identities, are also archetypes but, unfortunately, pale-faced reflections of what we know and what is true not just about Hollywood but about life in general. The movie isn't just about image or illusion. It embodies the always contradictory but yet congregational experiences of lust, greed, hatred, ambition, luck, vengeance, guilt, manipulation, storytelling, love, and silence. It shows us how one person's fortune can become another person's aching, how one person's jealousy can be another's nourishment. It also forces us to consider how you can be jealous of the one you love.<br />And, just as important, Mulholland Dr. should not merely be looked at as a puzzle whose pieces one can connect if one reads David Lynch's primer on the rear of the insert in the DVD package. Voluptuous images should be taken in and felt without deconstruction. The emotions being played out are very real whether or not the viewer truly understands the plot.<br />In all, David Lynch has created not just a memorable motion picture but a truly emotional experience.
B00005OC0G|2.0|Mutter's 1997 recording of the Brahms Violin Concerto with the same backup cast as this one immediately jumped to the top of my all-time favorite performances of that masterpiece. Such tone. Such technique. Such passion!<br />It was with eager anticipation, then, that I ordered her latest recording of the Beethoven concerto. What a disappointment.<br />I won't repeat in detail all that has already been said about the mannered playing, the scratchy tone in the pianissimo passages, etc. The thing that struck me almost immediately was the tempi. This performance plods along like Mussorgsky's Polish oxcart in &quot;Pictures from an Exhibition.&quot; A quick comparison with the Heifetz/Munch/BSO recording shows that Mutter takes almost 6 minutes longer to play the first movement alone. Six minutes!! That's huge. (The other two movements are each about 2 minutes slower in the newer recording.) Even if the playing were perfect (which it isn't) and reflected the same passion as the aforementioned Brahms (which it doesn't), this performance never really comes to life. It's simply boring.<br />I'm afraid this CD is destined to gather dust on the shelf in favor of the Heifetz.
B0000C0FJB|5.0|It's hard to imagine a band can servive for 30 years these days, let alone play with thetalent and passion as RUSH does. This latest DVD shows that they are as solid as ever! They take you on a trip down memory lane with such classics as &quot;By-Tor and the Snowdog&quot;, &quot;The Trees&quot;, &quot;Working Man&quot;, &quot;Tom Sawyer&quot;, and &quot;Closer to the Heart&quot;; while ripping out new songs like &quot;Earthshine&quot;, &quot;One Little Victory&quot;, and &quot;Secret Touch&quot;. Neil Peart plays a breathtaking drum solo (as usual), while for the first time Alex Lifeson and Geddy Lee sit down for an acoustic version of &quot;Resist&quot;. This 2 disk set not only gives you a great concert, but a chance to follow them around and get a sneak peak into what goes on before the shows. This DVD set is a MUST HAVE!!! This is the best music DVD show I've had the privelege of seeing, buy this IMMEDIATELY!!!
B00004SC3M|5.0|First off, I'm tired of people harping on the age difference bewteen CZJ and Sean. Some of the classic Hollywood pairings have been older men with younger women: Bogie/Bacall, Clark Gable/Marilyn Monroe, Cary Grant/Audrey Hepburn, even Julia Roberts/Richard Gere. So...move on. What matters is if the pair work well together, and Catherine and Sean are great together. By the way they never actually hook up, but if they had, it would have been very intense. The chemistry between the 2 was very evident to me throughout the entire movie, I was egging on a romance. But Sean's character is above the physical involvement level with partners, so Catherine is held at bay. The movie reminded me of a classic thriller, a movie loaded with action...but thank God, not an &quot;action movie&quot;. Enough of a hint at romance to keep us gals interested...but certainly not a romance. And on top of everything it was smart and well done. It took me on lots of twists and turns, and I loved them all. I'd gladly watch Catherine Zeta-Jones &amp; Sean Connery (now 3 years older) re-pair in a sequel. By the way...I'm 19, and I'd take 53 year old Richard Gere any day over some of the young guys I see posing and looking pretty in movies today. As long as we see more Sigorney Weaver in Tadpole type roles for women (older woman dates younger man) keep 'em coming.
B000002UDB|5.0|Length - 37:09<BR>When I want to drift away to the moon or the stars, I put this album on. I am them immediately wisked away from this world into one in which everything is fantastic, euphonious, brilliant and beautiful. These eleven songs on The Magical Mystery Tour are all great. I really can't think of even the slightest criticism for any of the gorgeous music present on this album. I Am The Walrus, Strawberry Fields Forever, Hello Goodbye (my favorite Beatles song), and All You Need Is Love are all timeless, unprecedented classics that all music aficionados should experience. Magical Mystery Tour is a record for the ages. Please listen to it.
B000067IZ3|5.0|I went to see this movie initially because of Michael Douglas, but it turned out to be his wife, Catherine Zeta-Jones that stuck out as a pregnant drug lord's wife, who'll do anything to get her husband out of jail. I instantly became a czj fan, and watched some other stuff of hers. Now I can really appreciate just how good an actress she is. She can play a farm girl, spy, action heroine, gypsy, villain, queen...and always pull it off. Not to mention in any time period. This was really the role of a lifetime for her; it's too bad Oscar snubbed her.
0767805712|5.0|Many viewers criticize Gattaca for its implausibility. When the film was released, I recall reading a movie review entitled \\"You're too smart for Gattaca,\\" which cited the improbability of the hero's success in a society where he is constantly subjected to testing to confirm his genetic \\"purity\\" and where the slightest trace of bodily detritus can expose him as an imposter.<br />I would respectfully submit that such critics have hit upon the central theme of the film without fully realizing it; the sheer implausibility of the hero's success under these conditions is precisely the point, and is what makes the story so powerful and poignant. The story is, after all, intended in part to be a cautionary tale. <br />In spite of the film's persistent \\"realistic\\" emphasis on the physical implausibility of the hero's success, however, it also bears emphasis that the ending, with Vincent rocketing to the heavens, is a genuinely Romantic assertion of faith that innate human intelligence and spirit can overcome bodily defects and limitations. <br />The ending also has mythological overtones of apotheosis (deification).  In this respect, Vincent has heroic antecedents in Hercules and gnostic Christianity.  Hercules' divine spirit was taken by the gods into Olympus after the self-inflicted destruction of his body by fire, and after the accomplishment of feats even more implausible than those confronted by Vincent.  Similarly, Chirst ascended into heaven after his physical body was destroyed on the cross.  Like both, Vincent endures great bodily suffering, but like both he ultimately transcends the physical limitations of the body.<br />As such, the story by its very design calls upon viewers at once to realize the physical impossibility of the hero's predicament, while at the same time suspending their disbelief in order to have faith in his ability to succeed against the odds. In this way, the story can be viewed as a contemporary and highly stylized variation on age old mythological and religious themes.
B0000AZJXQ|4.0|A few years back, Billy Howerdel used his musical talents, knowledge, and source of musicians to assemble what may be one of the most impressive line-ups of our generation. While many of the band members previously and currently involved with the group have had very successful musical endeavors, I am going to focus solely on this group, not the other groups that the musicians are, or were, members of.    Thirteenth Step picks up where [[ASIN:B00004T99Z Mer de Noms]] left us at in 2000 with the opening track \\"The Package.\\" By A Perfect Circle's standards, this song is rather long and develops a different texture than what has been previously displayed by the group. Different drum sounds and powerful guitar riffs bring a lot of diversity to make the sound unique to this album, but still inherently that APC sound.    The songs \\"Weak And Powerless\\" (the first radio single), \\"The Noose\\", \\"Vanishing\\", \\"Gravity\\", and \\"Blue\\" bring about a more delicate side of APC that is unlike what was displayed in Mer De Noms. For in Mer De Noms, songs like Brena and Orestes were usually complemented with guitar solos of sorts. While absent on some of these songs, they are still nonetheless very powerful and, for lack of a better word, beautiful.  \\"Pet\\" and \\"The Outsider\\" (the next radio single) revisit the hard rock aspect of APC. While rather artistic, these songs are driving and could easily lead to being mosh pit fodder if a few surly APC fans are at one of their concerts.  Also, this album features a cover of the Failure song \\"The Nurse Who Loved Me\\" from the album [[ASIN:B000002N89 Fantastic Planet]]. I must say that the string arrangement APC uses varies GREATLY from the much more hard rock Failure version, but the APC version does Failure's song excellent justice.    All and all, there are several records which were released this year that I would highly recommend purchasing. This is one of them and you owe it to yourself to purchase this album.
B00008J4P5|2.0|Basically a rip off of the old classic sound. The single &quot;Seven Nation Army&quot; is barely tolerable, and way to repetitive. The CD is filled with tracks that just take up space, this is by far their worst CD to date. The fact that Rolling Stone called this CD a classic, goes right with their opinion that 8 Mile was also one of the best films of the year. Who the heck do they have writing for that magazine. If you like White Stripes, you will be heavily dissapointed.
0375701427|5.0|Winner of the Pulitzer Prize<br />After reading Roths novel The Human Stain, I had to wonder how anything Roth wrote could be better than that one.  After all, The Human Stain did not win the Pulitzer Prize, but American Pastoral did.  Could this book really be so much better that it would win the highest literary prize in America.  The short, uncomplicated answer is no.  I dont think that American Pastoral is the better novel out of the two.  The longer, more complicated answer has the ultimate conclusion of: While I feel that The Human Stain is the better of the two novels, American Pastoral is an excellent novel and extremely well written.  With these two novels, Philip Roth has earned his spot on my list of the great American novelists.<br />American Pastoral is another novel narrated by the novelist Nathan Zuckerman.  Zuckerman was a couple of years behind Swede Levov in high school, and decades later Levov contacts Zuckerman.  Zuckerman tells Levovs story.  Unlike The Human Stain, Zuckerman is not a major player in the novel but rather sets up the context for telling the story and then steps out and just writes about the Swede.  The Swede was the Golden Boy in his high school.  Everything he did turned out perfect.  He was the star athlete and everyone wanted to emulate him, even Zuckerman.  The Swede ended up marrying Miss New Jersey and seemed to live a charmed life.  He did not go into professional sports as expected, but rather followed in his fathers footsteps by working in, and later taking over, his fathers glove factory.<br />In talking to Zuckerman, Swede lets it drop that there was a major tragedy in the family but doesnt ever say what it was.  Zuckerman assumes that Swedes younger brother, Jerry, is gay and that it tore Mr Levov apart.  But thats not it.  Instead it has to do with Swedes daughter, Merry, and how her actions in her teenage years just broke the family apart.  Swede had the perfect life, the American Dream, and that dream was shattered.  American Pastoral is the story of that dream, and it is also the story of the harsh shadow that the American Dream can cast.  We see the idealized American Dream of the 1940s and 1950s, and we see what happens to those who live the dream when it stretches into the 1960s and 1970s.  American Pastoral is a powerful novel spanning a generation and has to be considered one of Roths greatest novels (despite what I said about The Human Stain).  Im usually disappointed by Pulitzer Prize Winning Novels, but not this one.  It is slow moving and methodical, but always interesting..  Swede had the perfect life, the American Dream, and that dream was shattered.  American Pastoral is the story of that dream, and it is also the story of the harsh shadow that the American Dream can cast.  We see the idealized American Dream of the 1940s and 1950s, and we see what happens to those who live the dream when it stretches into the 1960s and 1970s.  American Pastoral is a powerful novel spanning a generation and has to be considered one of Roths greatest novels (despite what I said about The Human Stain).  Im usually disappointed by Pulitzer Prize Winning Novels, but not this one.  It is slow moving and methodical, but always interesting.
B000084T18|5.0|50 Cent tells the world how it is, and how he knows it. He is the best rapper to come out in awhile (besides Eminem), and will bless the world with his tunes for years to come. The beats, lyrics, are unmatched by anything that is to come out this year.
B0000AZJXQ|5.0|I really like mar de noms a lot. I was doubtful that perfect circle would come out with a second album thinking that it was a side project james maynor of tool. As a result, I was extremely pleased when thirteenth step came out. My favorite songs are noose, blue, outsider and crimes. <br />Hopoefully we'll hear more from Perfect Cicle later on
B000068PQ0|5.0|I had never heard of the Flaming Lips before hearing \\"Do You Realize?\\" late in 2002.  I was instantly captivated by the soaring vocals, lush harmonies and orchestrations, and sterling production.  But this song did not prepare me for the rich and varied experience of the entire album.<br />There are pop singles (the catchy yet wistful \\"Fight Test,\\" the tongue-in-cheek title track), instrumentals (the aggressive \\"Part II\\" of the title track and the smooth &amp; mellow, Grammy-winning \\"Approaching Pavonis Mons by Balloon\\") and even a prog rock number (\\"In the Morning of the Magicians\\") reminiscent of mid-1970's Yes.  The range of music on this record is simply astonishing.  The pristine production values help the songs flow together and enhance the overall listening experience.<br />Superficially a concept album about a Japanese girl who battles evil robots, \\"Yoshimi\\" is really a meditation about life and death, and the need for mortal humans to seize the moment.  In many ways, it's a bookend to Radiohead's \\"OK Computer.\\"  Where Radiohead's brilliant work lamented the dehumanization of mankind and the rise of computers, \\"Yoshimi\\" glorifies the humanity in technology (&quot;One more robot starts to feel...&quot;) and our ability to overcome machines of our making (shades of \\"2001: a space odyssey\\").  The Flaming Lips have given us a profoundly beautiful and optimistic work of art, without forgetting to entertain us.  \\"Yoshimi Battles the Pink Robots\\" is one of the very best recordings of the new century.
0684857219|5.0|This is an excellent book for anyone, of any age, wishing to get into the sport of bodybuilding. There are tons of pictures, and information for each exercise. This book is worth reading, even for folks like myself who have been lifting for a few years.
B0000C0FJB|5.0|Rush is awesome, no question about that. And certainly the box on this cd looks polished.<BR>However, the mix inside is a bit disappointing.<BR>Yes, I know it is a live album, but Rush has produced 3 other live CD which have a &quot;studio quality&quot; to them. Why should we expect anything less on this piece? <br />Listening to the music, I can tell that they are, again, performing near perfect... I just wish the crowd noise, the mix, was on par with previous live performances.<br />If you are a Rush fan, then you probably have this already. If you do not own it, pay your dues and buy it.<br />And if you are one of the people who think the mix is good and are happy with it, I suggest you purchase &quot;Different Stages&quot;, &quot;A Show of Hands&quot; and &quot;Exit, Stage Left&quot; and you will understand what all those deleted critical posts are complaining about.
B0000CABBW|4.0|A rural Maori village on the edge of the sea lacks a chief and faces a contemporary world that challenges the ways of old.  Pai is the twelve-year old daughter of a line of chiefs descending from the ancient legend known has the whale rider. Her grandfather is the village elder who believes the chosen one will come and lead the people. Pai is a remarkable young girl who loves her grandfather and lives to please him and her people. Pai's grandfather is stubborn however and shuns her, believing that only a male can lead the people he schools the young males of the village in hopes of finding the one. Pai defies her grandfather and studies the ways of the ancient ones and embraces her culture thus fulfilling her destiny. Whale Rider, written and directed by Niki Caro, was filmed near New Zealand and is a splendid moving story of rejection, love and destiny. The film features a beautiful score and excellent performances by Keisha Castle-Hughes and Rawiri Paratene.<br />The DVD is presented in widescreen and features Dolby surround. The picture is clear and the sound is adequate for the film. There is a director commentary and a short making of as well. There are eight deleted scenes one in particular deals with a youth in trouble for breaking windows. I enjoyed the deleted material and the film works well without them. There are several TV spots and one theatrical trailer. Scene selection and menu access are easy and nothing of note. The commentary gives an insight into the creation of the film and reveals the whale scenes. Overall ordinary special features but a wonderful independent film.
B000067CPX|5.0|AHHH!!!! I am so tired of hearing people say that the chilis have sold out. In case these people have not noticed, the chilis like to tweak their style just a little bit on each album. Just because their music now is not exactly like it was 15 or 20 years ago doesn't mean that they sold out, it just means that they felt like making a different type of record. Anyone that knnows anything about them would agree that they like a wide range of music and listen to lots of different styles. I personally, love this album, they got a bunch of songs on it that are really great live(ex. Don't Forget Me, Can't Stop). Frusciante is definitely my favorite guitarist of all time, and he shows his brilliance in this album, as do all the other members, I thought that Chad's drumming was really good too, I thought that I'd put that in there becuse I don't think Chad gets enough respect. He is an extremely important part of the band, and also he's funny as hell. So, all I have to say is BUY THIS ALBUM AND ALL THE OTHER CHILIS ALBUMS BECUASE THEY ROCK!
B00005JKC3|3.0|Director Ang Lee brings his movie Hulk based on the marvel comic book The Incredible Hulk, to life on screen. Hopes for this film were high following Lee's brilliant direction of Crouching Tiger Hidden Dragon. Bruce Banner (Eric Bana) and love interest Betty Ross (Jennifer Connelly) are scientists working together on research involving gamma radiation. On the outside Bruce appears mild mannered but within lurks repressed childhood memories, a tragic past, and a violent temper. After a freak lab accident in which Bruce is exposed to gamma radiation and survives, scientist Bruce Banner is transformed into the genetically indestructible Hulk. Banner must confront his inner beast while maintaining his sanity. Adding to his conflict are his rivals Glenn Talbot and his long lost father played by Nick Nolte. The story develops at a slow and plodding pace. Even minute details, which would have better been left off screen, are included. There are enjoyable action sequences and even brief moments of brilliance despite its pace.<br />Now the DVD<br /> The first disc contains the movie itself and some bonus material including four deleted scenes, a Sunny D commercial, and a director commentary. The picture is clear and the changing clips included on the menu are great. Sound is in Dolby 5.1 so for those who own a good surround sound system you should be pleased. The Sunny D commercial is unnecessary and the deleted scenes are nothing of note. The first disc also contains a short making of. Disc two contains several makings of which are short and of little interest. The renowned artist feature is an uninteresting story board comparison of one scene from the film. Overall the extra features of disc two are repetitious and thus one disc would have sufficed. I was unable to test the Hulk Xbox video game level included on this DVD. One short includes an enjoyable but brief commentary by Stan Lee.
B000003S0I|5.0|When you are done listening to this King Crimson album, the feeling that comes to mind is: &quot;I want more!&quot; I need more!&quot; It's seriously adictive. And no wonder...<br />Robert Fripp, in his morphing KC lineups managed to get together (and maintain for three straight albums, up tho the &quot;posthumous&quot; 'Red' in 1974) a brilliant team consisting of John Wetton (bass and vocals), Bill Bruford (one of the best drummers ever and since to play, in my humble opinion), David Cross on violin, viola, mellotron &amp; flute, and for this time only (he'd not be part of the other two albums), also Jamie Muir on percussion.<br />It would be limiting to say that the album &quot;grows on you&quot;, though it actually does. But a quality of most of the songs is the music builds up, in an almost minimalist way in the beginning, gradually taking on more power as they go, and bursting with musical energy by the time they're over. This is particularly true of the opening track.<br />&quot;Book Of Saturday&quot; and the painfully beautiful &quot;Exiles&quot; may be among the closest things to a ballad that King Crimson has recorded, but make no mistake. These pieces are pivotal to the equilibrium in the album. It is not by coincidence they are placed following the musically exhaustive Part I track. &quot;Easy Money&quot;, on the flip side, is a song that sets the stage as a musical bridge for the listener to jump into the syncopated 'Starless and Bible Black' that would follow this album, with its very rich rhythm base and obscure background noises.<br />By the time you get to &quot;The Talking Drum&quot; you're simply not 'with us' if you turn your CD player off, because the best is yet to come. With unbelievably complex metrics that change left and right (a staple that always identified Fripp and Bruford zoomed in on very strongly), coming from a rather &quot;innocent&quot; African bongo sound, with the gradual addition of a percussive bass line and a mellow violin that builds up the song more and more... it gets to the point where Fripp jumps in with initially subtle guitar riffs. Once Bruford steps up the pace, dropping the bongo for his drumset all is said and done: collective hysteria (if you let it go), but if you stay with it, one of prog rock's most rewarding listens, closing with a processed yell that will put your stereo's tweeter to the test, and leading into the now-classic guitar-intensive closing track.<br />If you are still wondering why you should listen to this album, consider this for a second: it's been 30 years (at the time of this writing) since it was recording, and it still draws the attention of bands such as Primus and Tool. Then, though not The Beatles, but King Crimson and this -regarded by the majority as their most influential album ever- need you to give them an opportunity as challenging their work may strike you at first.at builds up the song more and more... it gets to the point where Fripp jumps in with initially subtle guitar riffs. Once Bruford steps up the pace, dropping the bongo for his drumset all is said and done: collective hysteria (if you let it go), but if you stay with it, one of prog rock's most rewarding listens, closing with a processed yell that will put your stereo's tweeter to the test, and leading into the now-classic guitar-intensive closing track.<br />If you are still wondering why you should listen to this album, consider this for a second: it's been 30 years (at the time of this writing) since it was recording, and it still draws the attention of bands such as Primus and Tool. Then, though not The Beatles, but King Crimson and this -regarded by the majority as their most influential album ever- need you to give them an opportunity as challenging their work may strike you at first.
B000059XYM|1.0|Don't get any ideas from the number of stars in this review. The computer makes you give anything at least one. One star is too much for this movie.<BR>This movie, and all the sequels are travesties of filmmaking. They poke fun at everything from &quot;Scream&quot; to people with disabilities.  Making fun of some of our best movies is one thing, but inspiring laughter at such things as disabled people is appalling. These movies are disgusting, lewd, and just plain bad. I am ashamed to say that I was in the same room when it was in the VCR (it was my sister's idea to watch it, and I did keep my nose firmly confined between the pages of a Stephen King book during the whole trash-watching, but nonetheless...).<BR>To sum up this bright little review, I will say this movie should have never seen the eye of a camera. It was that horrible.  As are all the other sequels. *Mimics gagging*
B00009MEJU|2.0|Much ado about nothing:  this sci fi movie is a tiresome, pretentious, vacuous, longwinded bore.  It strives for a transcendent, even apocalyptic note, but winds up being just plain silly.  George Clooney struggles manfully to breathe some life into this stillborn turkey, but it's more than mortal actor can do.  Natascha McElhone (who?) is the forgettable romantic interest, and Jeremy Davies as a crew member is such a mannered ham you long to make him sit on his hands.  At 99 minutes this is not a long movie, but it's a lot longer than it ought to be, if you catch my drift.  Do yourself a favor and save your time and money; I wish I had.  I venture to predict that if this dud is remembered at all, it will be recalled as the movie in which George Clooney unveiled his bare ass.  Maybe he was trying to tell us something.
B0000AI44Q|2.0|Neil Young is one of my heroes so it pains me to say that is yet another in a long string of utterly forgettable albums. The lyrics on here are terrible, so cliched it could be a parody. There's not one memorable melody on the whole album. I think Neil should take a break...
B00005JLZN|1.0|I like complex films but this was too much, too implausible, too ridiculous to be beleived.  Worst of all this film was, at times, just plain sickening to watch.  It took an especially twisted Hollyweird mind to come up with this garbage.  Hey, no surprise.
B0000C4GQV|5.0|Got this album yesterday (I live in Ireland) and I have to say it is the best album I have bought in a long long time man. From start to finish every song just kicks ass. Imperium is surely the twin brother of Davidian, for all time metal classics. Bite the bullet, Vim, Elegy and the others are aggressive and heavy as hell. This album is everything that is great about Machine Head and forces you to wonder why aren't they up there with the like of Metallica in terms of fans and record sales etc. That is beside the point though, the songs really speak for themselves, so just buy it. It blows everything they've done since BME out of the water. Don't get me wrong I like it all but it's so great to see them return in such spectacular style. Phil Demmel is also a fantastic addition to group. Also new on this album are acoustic guitars used in the song \\"Descend The Shades Of Night\\" and it is so cool. Even the album and song titles rule! We all knew what Robb and co could do but know they've really raised the bar for themselves and everyone else. Finally something to believe in. Long live Machine Head.
B000003S09|5.0|It was 1969, a time when bands such as Genesis and Yes were still gathering their sound, a time when Emerson Lake &amp; Palmer still was to be formed (their frontman singer and bass player, Greg Lake was part of this King Crimson lineup), yet Robert Fripp gathered (as usual) a phenomenal group of musicians to form the first of many incarnations of this musical powerhouse to be known for the ages as King Crimson.<br />&quot;In The Court Of The Crimson King&quot; was the band's first album, and for that, it gave birth to the genre that would later be called Progressive Rock, by means of a combination of a classic rock group lineup (guitar, bass, vocals, drums) with the introduction of reeds and most importantly, mellotron (which Fripp would be in charge of) in order to mimic the sounds of choirs and string sections.<br />However, this album, as much as it deserves not five but six or ten stars, is not a typical King Crimson album except, perhaps, for the opening track &quot;21st Century Schizoid Man&quot;, a track whose distorted vocals and guitar riffs continue to reverbarate with the same power over 30 years later. The reason why the album is atypical is because, as a prog rock ensemble, KC would evolve once and again, if not with every album, at least with every lineup of musicians. This almost created 4-5 very distinct musical periods in the band's life (which is still very much alive and kicking hard!) with this one -the more &quot;mellow&quot; if you may- lasting for only this album and a little bit of its follow-up, &quot;In the wake of Poseidon&quot;, where part of the original lineup of musicians would stay onboard.<br />As for the rest of the album, track #2 &quot;I talk to the wind&quot; is one of those ballads that you can't find easily anywhere else: a bucholic track that is all Lake singing with a beautiful cushion of reeds that lift his voice to the heavens, with a very unintrusive rhythm work. The reminding tracks are all top notch &quot;classic&quot; prog rock, in the most pure sense of the word, very close to the type of music that would later become a signature by fellow bands Genesis and Yes.<br />All in all, this is definitely an album that needs to be a part of the collection of any serious music fan, as it marks a landmark in so many respects.prog rock, in the most pure sense of the word, very close to the type of music that would later become a signature by fellow bands Genesis and Yes.<br />All in all, this is definitely an album that needs to be a part of the collection of any serious music fan, as it marks a landmark in so many respects.
B00005JKZV|2.0|With films such as the Fellowship of the Ring, the Two Towers, Matrix Reloaded and Attack of the Clones, one can't help but feel that the only reason these films are touted as 'epics' is for their length. For all of these boxoffice bonanzas, the marketing was there, but unfortunately the content wasn't.<br />So what makes filmmakers think they can waste three hours of our life capturing the so called 'epic' events that take place in middle-earth?<br />Apparently if you execute 20 or so panning shots of the New Zealand landscape, throw in some large scale live-action/CGI battles, add some two-dimensional characters that tend to talk more to themselves in profound long-winded statements rather than to each other, audiences won't mind - wrong.<br />Boring is the only way to define the effort that is Two Towers. Fellowship managed to effectively put the feeling at bay mainly because of the anticipation surrounding the film. But if Jackson felt he'd gotten over the character development of the first film only to bash as many swords and shields together for this installment, he sorely missed the point of producing an engrossing and entertaining film.<br />Divergent narratives are horribly mashed together, drawn out and consequently brain-numbingly boring. Who cares about what happens to Frodo - the only question I was asking was 'WHEN WILL IT END?' The romance between Aragorn and whatever her name was, fell completely flat, as did the reduction of Gimli's role from an entertaining dwarf in the first film to a victim of slapstick and cornball one-liners in this installment. (ala Jar Jar). Sure he could hold his own with his axe, but why did a pathetic attempt at humour have to accompany almost every strike with his weapon. If you laughed at his jokes btw, shame on you, and may the midget community swear vengeance upon your soul. <br />There's no denying that Jackson and his crew have put an aweful lot of work into this film, as seen in the extras included with the DVD - but appreciating a film is a lot different to enjoying a film, let alone enduring it.
0465011020|5.0|This book will stun you.  A previous reviewer made mention of the Wild Boar and he's right some of the tales about the Wild Boar will make you laugh.   But this book is not a comedy.  This book is a story of a family who viewed North Korea as the paradise destination.  Ethnic Koreans who lived and prospered in Japan they were inticed back to Pyongyang, to return 'home'.<br />   The wild boar is not a animal with four legs.  He is an human animal,the nickname prison guard in the hell that the family found themselves.  His particular cruelty to the family and anyone else is rooted in a love of the (now deceased) Great Leader.  <br />    To hear people so desperate to escape the country that they would leave their own families behind to face the consequences.  Cannibalism, the death, the dulling of human senses.  Its an amazing story.<br />  This book is not horror show.  Its not a gory death book with minutia details of pain.  Rather it tells an awful story but it is in fact a story of how the human being can overcome.  incredible adversity.  You will admire this man and his story.  You will also appreciate where you live.  This book is well worth the money.
B00008S2VG|5.0|Like a Fine wine or Cheese Madonna is absolutley amazing.  The Video (original) for American Life is one of her best and will be released soon as per her publisist....... to bad they edited it due to ths state of the USA and the war,and released that horrid alternative.<br />All these songs are Mature and very appeling, even to the non Madonna fan.<br />From song one to song end this is a Triumph.<br />Songs like Love Profusion, Hollywood and Easy Ride all have a certain statement that at least a billion people can relate too.  Madonna Keeps us in the guessing game.  She is a true Chameleon and will remain the Queen of Pop forever.*(I hate tagging her that title)<br />This album is up there with her last and surpasses Music by a long run.<br />Ray of Light and Like a Prayer are still her best albums by far (this is only my opinnion).  But, as she grows so does her music.<br />On this album there are minimilistic lyrics, but they get the point across.  Madonna is not one to be reckoned with.  Even if you don't care for this album, she will shock you with her next, because as said before, she only get's better with age.<br />Miss Ciccone - Ritchie is a Muse, a Role model and an ICON.. I love her and I hope she keeps on doing what she's doing.  I am in awe.  You will be also if you are even the slighetes fan. (even if you are not there are songs here everyone can relate to!)<br />This CD gets a solid 9.6 out of 10.  She has already released American Life, Hollywood......Also, to come will be Nobody Knows Me, Nothing Fails and Love Profusion which is already slated for video and is one of the strongest tracks on the album. &quot;Love Profusion is Amazing&quot;<br />All the way to the End, Miss Ciccone-Richie ends her album with Easy Ride and is the perfect ending to a near perfect CD.<br />Also Die Another Day is on this and is one of my favorite from this fan (DJFunk) of 20 years.<br />Madonna is the Queen of Pop.. White heat and the Pop Culture.<br />Get this CD and you won't be sorry........ and definitely give it a few listens and you will be hooked..... It's Fabulous!
B000002UAR|5.0|Revolver has long been either at the top or on top of every &quot;best of all time&quot; lists with good reason.Brilliant from start to finish,this album shines.Perhaps thats why,even after almost 38 years old,it is at number 216 today on the amazon sales tally.Fantastic album here!
B000089A07|5.0|I first saw Michael Mann's &quot;Manhunter&quot; several years ago when I first saw &quot;The Silence of the Lambs.&quot; I personally do not admire Michael Mann's work as a director on mostly all levels. His poor choice of music (especially in Manhunter) and terribly choice to date his movies severly by making everyone in &quot;Manhunter&quot; look like their from &quot;Miami Vice!&quot; The film had a much different and less satisfying ending than Harris' original novel had. It ends with no great bang or emotion. The relationship between Dolarhyde and Reba was almost pathetic in how bland their acting was. Basically &quot;Manhunter&quot; is an all in all BAD MOVIE.<br />Now, almost a decade later, Bret Ratner and screenwriter Ted Tally have brought us &quot;Red Dragon&quot; the way Harris truly wanted. All of the characters have been perfectly cast (especailly Dolarhye by Ralph Finnes), the music score by Danny Elfman is magnificent, and the ending will fill you with so much shock and emotion that you are speechless! This film was shot with the right type of dark, noir style photography that gives it th true feeling of a classic thriller. I highly recommend &quot;Red Dragon&quot; over &quot;Manhunter&quot; on every level of filmmaking quality.
B00008DDXC|5.0|This is NOT JUST FOR KIDS!!!!! This is the first series of books that my sister has picked-up and read from beginning to end in over 20 YEARS!!!!!!!      Dont miss a chance to view these movies, the characters are just WONDERFUL. This is the first of it's kind in many years!!!!!!!! This allows my older childern, to interact with thier much YOUNGER sibling. Harry Potter is the first soild super-hero that is really HUMAN, with faults and concerns just like most boys his age.      JK Rowlings has really captured what it's like for childern to grow up today.      ENJOY
B00005U152|4.0|NB: As usual, Amazon have very unhelpfully bundled reviews of various versions of Hunchbck together for no good reason. This review refers to the Anthony Quinn film.<br /><br />Strangely, there has never been a bad film of Victor Hugo's classic tale, and while this is indeed less successful than Laughton, Chaney or Disney's versions, this French effort is still a surprisingly good and much under-rated film. To get the most out of it, you have to bear in mind that Hugo did not write a horror story but a tale of unrequited love and anguish. There is little of the Gothic on show here; rather, everyone is trapped by a desire for what they are denied. This is much more 'Notre Dame de Paris' (the novel's actual title) than 'The Hunchback of Notre Dame': Quasimodo probably gets less screen time here than in any of the other films, only dominating the drama in the last third. Instead, as with Hugo, it uses the cathedral of Notre Dame as the thread that binds all social stratas - Kings and beggars, thieves and soldiers, gypsies and alchemists, playwrights and aristocrats - giving a vivid portrait of a time and place half imagined, half real.<br /><br />Quinn is more of a brute than we're used to seeing in our Quasimodos: unlike Laughton, he's no poetic soul trapped in a broken body but an animal who is given an inkling of what it means to be human. Lollabrigida fares better than usual as Esmerelda, and if their relationship is never moving, the ending, for once taken directly from the novel, is genuinely touching.<br /><br />There are problems: the dubbing is at times irritating (and there is no French-language option on the disc), while Jean Danet is quite the most embarrassing Phoebus imaginable, stilted, impossibly smug and just plain odd-looking. Some key scenes are poorly staged, most notably Quasimodo's rescue of Esmerelda, while the hunchback is not given a strong entrance. But, if you're willing to take a chance and watch it with an open mind, the pleasant surprisesoutweigh them. While not the most lavish version, the scale and colour of the film, particularly in scenes such as the Court of Miracles, gives us a sense of a world around these characters, the addition of CinemaScope and some impressive sets helping to broaden the scale. Delannoy's direction is occasionally imaginative, with a good eye for the Scope frame. The script (co-written by 'Les Enfants du Paradis' Jacques Prevert) is often witty and doesn't shy from the darker tragic tone of the novel. Georges Auric's score, though ill-served by the original sound recording, is also a fine effort.<br /><br />The transfer is good, with only a few edge enhancement problems, although it seems very slightly cropped in some shots, and the failings of the early CinemaScope lenses do result in an occasional loss of detail in some shots. The DVD even includes one brief torture sequence that has long been cut from many prints, as well as the original theatrical trailer.<br /><br />Kept out of distribution for years (Disney bought the rights around the time they were working on their version and shelved it), the film has not been able to gain much of a reputation. Indeed, it continues to get short shrift from many critics - 'Time Out's film guide is particularly hostile. But, as they say in Britain, 'Time Out hated it, so it must be good.' And it is - not great, but certainly pretty good.
B000069AUI|5.0|I've had this CD now for months, and I'm still not tired of it. &quot;Clocks&quot; is my favorite, but I love the entire CD--it's not one of those CDs with two singles and a lot of other garbage. The music practically goes right through you. I could go on and on, but just buy it (even if Justin Timberlake likes it, too).
B00006CXXU|5.0|She had me with &quot;Hold us down&quot;. After I saw that video I had to get this CD. &quot;Dirty&quot; was cool and &quot;Beautiful&quot; was aaiiight but when I heard &quot;Hold us down&quot; that was it. And I'm glad I bought it. I never thought I would buy one of her CDs but I'm happy to say that this one is better than I could have imagined. I'm a big fan of black female R&amp;B singers, they are my favorites in addition to hiphop, funk, reggae and salsa.<br />This CD falls right in with the best of the old school r&amp;b that I own. It's very reminiscent of my favorties like Chaka, Jill Scott, Erykah Badu, Mary J Blige, Alicia Keys, Teena Marie and Mariah. Not to say that she copies them at all. It's more like they influenced her or she's channeling them. They have obviously inspired her. If you like these other artists then you'd like this album. I hope she keeps going in this direction and I will buy her albums in the future.
B00005JLWN|2.0|Equilibrium takes place in a dystopian future.  Usually when a story takes place in this type of setting, each work presents a unique view of what will happen to society in the near future.  This was not the case with the Equilibrium.  Almost all of the themes of this movie are ripped from defining work of futuristic literature.<br />In the movie, 'sense' offenders--those who posses individual qualities--are arrested and have their personal belongings burned.  Does this sound like Farenheit 451 to anyone else?<br />The clerics--the sensory police that arrest sense offenders--are all too akin to the firemen in Farenheit, and also resemble the thought police in 1984.  The citizens in the movie also follow a ubiquous leader known only as 'the father' who is blantly a photocopy of '84's Big Brother.<br />Since the setting of this movie is already hacked, it is only fitting that the plot itself be as unoriginal.  The main character follows a similar route as Guy Montog (F. 451) or Wilson Smith (1984) by originally being an intergal part of the society's structure, but then rebelling against his previous beliefs.  The ending is a little different, but leaves many loose ends that cannot be tied up by the fledgering plot.<br />Another drawback to this movie is its much too constant depiction of violence.  The fight scenes really aren't that great.  I'm not sure when this movie was released, but the hyper-active martial arts styles that the characters use, and some key fight scenes in the movie are almost INDENTICAL to those in the Matrix, which would give another reason (as if it needed one) of why this movie is so terribly trite.<br />This movie can be appreciated by those would haven't already read great classic dystopian literature.  However, for the many of us who have, it presents almost nothing new.  Ultimately, the movie steals from much better works of literature and inserts their themese in a more visually appealing but much less thought provoking medium.  My suggestion is to just read the books instead.
B000062X9B|5.0|any CD where an artist of Tom Petty's stature is willing to sing back-up on a cover of his own song is going to be good.  no dissapointment here.  another phenomenal CD by Cash of covers and originals, stark, clean and dark sounding music and Cash's unique voice telling stories.   of the four american recordings CDs, this is my favorite but all four are frequent listen records. if you aren't into johnny cash yet, buy this CD and you will be.  if you are, it rounds out your collection a bit more.
B000084T18|5.0|50 Cent is a name that has been known to the millions of rap fans emerging out of nowhere.  This now-superstar was pushed forward by Eminem and Dr.Dre.  His CD is brilliant and every song is awesome.  50 Cent is a talented rapper.  Of course if you are not a rap fan, his music will not appeal to you.  His lyrics are brilliant as Eminem and Nas, and the beats to his song are mad addictive, and are awesome dance tracks.  His songs are deep and personal, and there is more than the rap stereotype of only caring about money, cars, and women in the songs of &quot;21 Questions&quot;.  His big debut &quot;In Da Club&quot; is HUGE and has been a big hit across the world.  When I went to Europe in France and England, I could still here &quot;Go shawty it's ya birthday.&quot;  It is altogether a brilliant debut for 50, and an excellent buy for rap fans.
B00005ASOI|5.0|Some people say's not scary at all... But that's depend on the way you looking at it...I got a good fear with this movie but the technicolor way is so good, photography is seriously the best i've ever seen in an horror movie and the music is the best I've senn for a while, I give five stars! But that's all depend of the way you looking the movie... For me that's beautifuly filmed, like one of the best Leone movie, with scary item... :D That's it!
B00008S2VG|1.0|I like Madonna but I have to say something:<br />WHAT WHAT WHAT WHAT THE HELL IS THIS $HIT???????<br />This album is such a total dissapointment that it is almost heartbreaking to see Madonna fall so low here. Everyone involved should just bury the memories of being involved with this project. <br />Nothing on here is worth listening to. I have really really tried to like this album, even forcing myself to like it by playing it countless times but I just can't and have totally given up. This album is just terrible. <br />Even the cover is awful. Don't buy this.
0694003611|4.0|I think that this book is a good book for a child.  The pictures are colorful and relate well to the story.  It would help a child who has a problem with sleeping and making sure things will be the same the next day, to overcome that 'fear'.
B0000AM6K2|5.0|Listen once, listen ten times, it just gets better.  And try it in different settings because it'll have different effects on you.  A great &quot;on the drive home from work&quot; CD that will have you it a fantastic mood when you arrive, wanting to sweep your loved one off her/his feet to &quot;spread the love vibration.&quot;  Put it on while your fixing dinner and you'll find your toe tapping, your hipps swinging to the infectious beats.  Put it on with friends over and you're guaranteed to always rewarding &quot;who is this?!?&quot;  I smile a lot listening to this CD.  And the bonus DVD is a great inside look at Josh (although the video style is a bit distracting).
B0000AQZYM|5.0|I saw this in the theater and I must say it was great!  I laughed out loud for the first time in ages, especially in a movie.  The animation is wonderful, the story is touching, humorous, exciting, and fun.  Not just for kids.
B0000C7PSW|3.0|Really good disc in a year that is giving us some really great discs. Rufus seems to have morphed his previous records into one, topping it off with a more slickly, produced sound. A trait that sometimes enhances a tune, and sometimes hinders another. Some highlights include the parade-tempo of Oh What A World, Movies of Myself and Beautiful Child. The lyrics are typical Rufus, but as I've read here before, they aren't as strong as his previous releases. Not a major fall-out or anything, just a little more one dimensional. Again, no biggie.<br />If your buying Rufus for the first time I suggest you start at the first record and work your way up to this one. It's a natural progression that's quite the path to follow, but rewarding in the end.
B00006F83Y|1.0|its funny reading through these 5 star reviews and realizing how utterly brainwashed the fanboys are. Come on you guys...put aside your desire to think you've found the next cool thing and listen to this record for what it is. First, the production is horrible. Hello? Turn up those vocals abit! The singing in a jar thing doesnt work here. And the playing is bad too. On the one song i liked on this cd (song for the dead) the solo is horrible. I don't know who put a guitar in grandma's hands but take it away..please!<br />I bought this clunker because mark lanegan was on it. Wow. Did they ever waste him. I guess mark had to have some reason to keep drinking and listening to this gives him that reason. Turn up those vocals, YO!<br />So to those who haven't heard these guys yet and are going to buy the thing on hype, ignore the fanboy kaka you see and save your money.
0151008116|5.0|This is such a wonderful, intriguing book on so many levels.  On the most basic level, it's a gripping adventure story of Pi's attempt to survive being stranded on a lifeboat with a Bengal tiger.  It is much more than that, though.  The book explores issues of religion, ethics, science and human/animal behavior.  With undercurrents of the struggle between rationalism and spiritualism throughout the book, it culminates in a remarkable twist that challenges you to choose between the two.  An amazing read, that I could not stop thinking about after finishing it.  I have recommended it to several friends, just so I would have the opportunity to discuss it with them afterwards!
B0000AR8NK|3.0|There are SOME songs on Reality that are quite good, including the first single, New Killer Star. Couple that with the stark, almost creepy, facade of Bring Me The Disco King, and you off to a very, very good start. Unfortunately, The Richman cover, Pablo Picasso, hits as the second track and is pretty weak. BUT the rest of the record is very enjoyable Bowie fare. The Loneliest Guy is another stark atmospheric landscape brilliantly painted by producer Tony Visconti. The same rings true for She'll Drive The Big Car (albeit a faster tempo). Long gone is the wailing of Reeves Gabriels' guitar, and what we're left with is another back to basics Bowie record. Much like, but ultimately much better than, Heathen. Reality sees our thin white Duke still creating the stuff of most artists' dreams.
B0000C0FJB|5.0|forget about all those people who were whining and crying that this 3 cd set is less than perfect, they are just not true rush fans &amp; i don't know why they even bought this. as for this die-hard /hardcore rush fan....it's awesome!!!! they are playing at the top of their game. if you like what you hear (and you will!!!!!) buy the rush in rio dvd. iam just so greatful that they released the &quot;vapor trails tour&quot; on cd &amp; dvd (i saw this tour live 2 times, and could not get enough) a must for any &quot;true&quot; rush fan's collection.
B00006ZSAD|4.0|I was on Sunset Blvd in LA at Tower Records when I heard this album being played in the store.  I didnt realize that this chick with the awesome voice was of Portishead.  She can change her voice at any given time which is what threw me! From when I first heard this CD I was drawn to this CD like a magnet.  My particular favorite is Track 4 &quot;Romance&quot; which music has hints of late 40's 50's band music even though its a slow song.  Track 5 is my most played song &quot;Sand River&quot;.  It is in my opinion the best song on the album
B00005JLEX|5.0|Seinfeld season by season on DVD: Heaven in a box. What more can I say.
B00006AW2J|2.0|Great music, one of the greatest rock record ever released.  I bought it to replace my original LP.  But I am disappointed, nontheless, because I cannot load this disk onto my iPod.  It plays, as advertised, on my CD player at home.  I suppose it will play on a SACD player, if I ever get one.  But it will NOT play on my Mac G4 Powerbook.  I use my iPod to play my music when I am walking to work in and in my car.  I thought about returning the disk, but I will keep it.  However, I will not buy another disk with this format.
B0000AI45P|5.0|Like alot of folks, I'm wary of the reissue game. Tempting as bonus tracks are, I often find they ruin the integrity of the original release. That being said, this sounds a 1000x's better than the previous cd incarnation. And it' s nice to hear their long out of print 1st single, \\"Little Johnny Jewel\\" in it's entirety.<br /><br />Though long associated with the CBGB Punk scene, they were far more ambitious than The Ramones ever were. I mean what is this stuff? Psychedelic Jazz Punk? Whatever it is, it's original. Verlaine croons like he's choking on a 25-cent hot dog at Gray's Papaya off 8th Avenue. And though his poetical leanings can often be obtuse, they're offset by a no nonsense, tough as nails rhythm section.<br /><br />In terms of guitar playing, this band is armed with 2 guys who don't quite see eye to eye. Richard Lloyd's playing is as precise & solid as Verlaine is moody & improvisational. In other words, they are perfect foils. There's nothing quite like the epic title track. The lyrics seem ripped out of some lost notebook by Rimbaud. Musically, it's a dark, surreal sprial staircase---leading you back to from whence you came. The sonic equivalent of Carol Reed's the 3rd MAN.<br /><br /> In terms of barbed wit & killer hooks, how can you top the likes of \\"See No Evil\\", \\"Friction\\", \\"Elevation, & my personal favorite, \\"Proof It\\"? All of which makes the balladry of \\"Guiding Light\\" seem all the more delicate & fragile.<br /><br />By far the darkest track is the closer,\\"Torn Curtain\\". In anyone else's hands it would come off as pure pretention. But they pull it off. Guess it even proved to be oddly prophetic. After this album, the band pretty much fell apart despite the flawed farewell of their follow up, ADVENTURE.<br /><br />In terms of today's bands, Television's influence is undeniable. Radiohead. The Strokes. Artic Monkeys. Tape-n-Tapes. As competent as they are, after hearing this, they won't hold a candle. MARQUEE MOON is up ther with VU's \\"banana album\\" as one of the greatest albums a NYC based band has ever produced.<br /><br />This is the sound of a station that's not on your regular dial. Music before the days of remote control & MTV banality. It's the TV you always wanted to see, only you have to close your eyes first. Shut them tight & tune in.C based band has ever produced.    This is the sound of a station that's not on your regular dial. Music before the days of remote control & MTV banality. It's the TV you always wanted to see, only you have to close your eyes first. Shut them tight & tune in.
0380820846|5.0|This story is everything you've ever loved in a romantic comedy, with a wonderful hero, a sassy heroine, and a sarcastic know-it-all. It's every woman's dream of being noticed by Mr. Popular, and even better, finding out that while he's Mr. Right, he's not Mr. Perfect.<br />With Romancing Mr. Bridgerton, it felt as if I was watching characters I'd loved and adored from the previous stories grow up and find themselves, then fall in love in the sweetest way possible. A must read for any romance reader and particularly a JQ fan.
B00005MK9Y|5.0|In my opinon, Babylon By Bus is the best live album ever.  Bob made great songs on a whole, but when he played them live, the songs were transformed to another spiritual level.  The man was a genius, a prophet of sorts, and the music you hear on this CD will never be repeated again, or matched, for that matter.
0142004235|5.0|Evaluation: I first heard about this book from Oprah's book club.  It made me interested in the book because of the high praise she was giving it, which persuaded me to read it.  The beginning of the book starts off talking about several different families, jumping from one family to the next in each chapter.  It made it a little difficult to tell what was going on and where the heck the story was leading.  After I got an understanding of where the book was going, I wasn't able to put the book down because I wanted to see what was going to happen next.  The book is very versatile, having action, laughs, drama, and that always exciting anticipation.  It's a book unlike one that I have ever read.  It doesn't focus on one idea in which the book revolves.  The book is told through generations, giving the novel many ideas to revolve around, keeping the reader interested at all times in the book.  I would recommend this book to anyone.
B000001OAA|5.0|one of the best albums ever, in my list.  i can listen to the whole cd on repeat and not get tired of it.  it's everything i want in an album and more!
B00009TB5G|3.0|For those of you who have never read LOTR, then I promise you will enjoy this movie --- depending on your attention span, that is.  It is rather long.  However, the special effects do not take away from the great acting, especially from Ellijah Wood and Sean Astin. <br />For those of you who have read LOTR and have not seen the movie, prepare to be disappointed.  Jackson's treatment of Farimir and Theoden left much to be desired since their characters were completely changed --- what happened to Farimir in the movie might make you cry.  Expect other changes you will find  surprising since they came from \\"lovers\\" of Tolkien's masterpiece (i.e. Peter Jackson, Christopher Lee [who reads the story every year] and others).
B00006V9A0|5.0|Despite what the other reviews around mine say, &quot;Nirvana&quot; is probably the best &quot;taste-of-Nirvana&quot; you can get. &quot;Nevermind&quot; is mostly pop. &quot;In Utero&quot; is mostly artistic experimentation. &quot;Incesticide&quot; is full of odds and ends, and &quot;Bleach&quot; is a grunge fest. If you start with one of theese, you will only get a vague idea of what Nirvana sounds like. Screw what anyone else thinks, get this. If this CD does not get you hooked on Nirvana, most likely you will not like the rest of their stuff. My favorite tracks include-<br />You Know You're Right (5/5)- I'm betting at least half of you are getting this album for this song. So did I, not a big deal. This is a really nice song, very raw, but also comforting. To me anyway.<br />About A Girl(5/5)- Beautiful. But also a true rocker. Is it a love song? Or is it a grunge-anthem? Its BOTH.<br />Sliver(5/5)- Classic pop. And also funny, with a kiler bass line and a rocking chorus.<br />Lithium(5/5)- Im actually not a big &quot;Nevermind&quot; fan, but this is one song I can never get tired of. This song, with quiet, reflective verses, and a chorus everyone can sing, deserves to be out 2nd national anthem!<br />Heart-Shaped Box(5/5)-A quiet song, yes (except when Kurt breaks out in a &quot;Hey! Wait!&quot;), but very deep and bittersweet.<br />Rape Me(5/5)- I'm glad this song was not excluded for its title. This is not a song about rape, but rather of letting go and no longer caring. Very catchy.<br />All Appologies(5/5)- Unplugged. It always breaks my heart to hear this song, as it is son beautifu, but so sad. I cant stand it, its so good. The same goes for &quot;The Man Who Sold the World&quot;, which, by the way, is a perfect closer to this compilation. <br />Cheers!
1400049628|3.0|but really, EVERYONE knows there is only one thing you need to know when it comes to facing off against the zombie hordes.<br />Shotguns.<br />Everything else is just gravy.
B0000C9ZLD|5.0|Don't listen to those who say that this album is \\"nothing new\\".<BR>Room On Fire is simply a natural, perfect follow up to 2001's Is This It. It's a fast, dirty show-off of a record - a cigarette pack stuffed full of melodic rhetoric. The Strokes layered guitar-tag sound has evolved into a more bombastic, less predictable assault of riff heavy speaker-blowing magic. Julian Cassablancas' vocals and lyrics - once laden with a shoulder shrugging \\"take it or leave it\\" type stance - now offer up aggressive commands to \\"take it\\", or else. \\"You Talk Way Too Much\\" soars like Blondie's best while the new wavey, pulsating \\"12:51\\" cuts through modern rock like a laser. \\"Reptilia\\" and \\"Automatic Stop\\" are like nothing you've ever heard from the Strokes before. No synonyms for \\"cool\\" would do this record justice, and no fashion runway will be able to contain New York's peerless wonders. Pundits: get out of the \\"Room\\". You see, the record's just that good.
B0000C9V3T|5.0|iPod owners fear not...<br />This CD is perfectly able to be ripped onto your hard drive and put into your iPod.  This disc is NOT copy protected as stated in previous reviews.
B00008H2LE|5.0|Hey all customers! Linkin Park Rocks. They kno my sn too. I love you and just to tell u, all of their cds r awesome. I luv numb, faint etc. Right now I'm listening to Somewhere I belong. I'm practicing Mike's part. I love linkin park and they inspire me. And their cds have such a kewl cover. Buy their cd and enjoy the fun with me!
B0000CEB62|5.0|What is wrong with some of you people?  101 is a great movie.  It has everything you can possible want: drama, comedy, and kick-ass music.  101 is like 4 movies in one--you could watch the whole thing from beginning to end, watch the band hanging out, watch the fans on the bus, or you could just sit back and listen the classic tumes.  The fans were stupid but you couldn't keep your eyes off of them.  It was like a car wreck then and still is now. I do agree that the band kind of lost its way after Alan Wilder left but this movie is a time capsle.  It shows the band at a crossroads--between underground cult group and the mainstream success they acheived on the release on the Violator album.  Do see it now!!!
B000089RV6|5.0|AC/DC's Back In Black is their crowning acheivement as a band.  Lead Singer Brian Johnson rose above and beyond the call of duty when it was time to write the words to the songs on this album.  Some call Back In Black over-rated, I call it absolutely incredible.  The album is packed full of emotion ranging from mourning, loss, and death to sex to booze to rock and roll.  The album shows AC/DC's amazing ability to rise up from the ashes and return again and again.  Hells Bells is the band's personal farewell to their fallen front man Bon Scott.  It is an erie yet very emotional song.  Shoot To Thrill is a grimey outlaw rumble that is just fun to rock out to, it's a really catchy tune.  When you arrive to that point in the CD where Tracks 6 & 7 are, you can't help but be astonished at what you hear.  Back In Black and You Shook Me All Night Long back to back, it doesn't get much better than that.  Back In Black insured AC/DC's place as one of the leaders of their generation of music.  This album is phenomenal.  Their finest hour.  Two Thumbs Way Up, a perfect ten score, and a five star rating from me on this one.  I highly recommend it to anyone slightly at all that is a fan of rock music.  My other personal AC/DC Recommendations are The Razors Edge Album-1990, Let There Be Rock-1977, Powerage-1978, High Voltage-1975, Dirty Deeds Done Dirt Cheap-1976, For Those About To Rock-1981, Highway To Hell-1979 and everything else they've ever recorded.  Their great.  Long live the Thunder from Down Under.
0920668372|1.0|After seeing that negative reviews of this book get uniformly labeled as unhelpful, I'm taking the plunge anyway - if you're looking for an illustration of unconditional love, stick to \\"Guess How Much I Love You\\"...  <br />I found the image of the mother who (w/c)ouldn't let go, sneaking into her adult son's bedroom (into his bed!), well, disturbing.<br />The cycle starts all over again in the last page, with the father crooning to his infant daughter that he'll \\"...love her forever and always...\\", instantly bringing to my mind the image of him also creeping unbidden into his adult daughter's bed, just as his mother did with him. <br />I understand the intent, but I found it pushed a button that I wasn't even aware I had.
B000002KFJ|5.0|Black Sabbath is my favorite band of all time.  I love The Beatles, Led Zeppelin, The Who, and Pink Floyd, but Black Sabbath is still my favorite.  Their album Sabotage is another work of excelence, but is too ignored.  This album is one of my one of my favorites (including all their albums from 1970-1978).  The opening track &quot;Hole in the Sky&quot; is the one of the coolest songs ever.  It starts with what sounds like British men just yelling, then goes into this amazingly hard song that doesn't let up untill its end.  The next track &quot;Symptom of the Universe&quot; is a classic.  The song begins really hard makes you want to head bang.  Then the song goes into an excelent blues sounding part.  <br />The album includes other great tracks, but what makes this album a master piece are the songs &quot;Megalomania&quot; and &quot;The Writ&quot;.  These songs show the Sabs' true talent and maturity.  &quot;Megalomania&quot; is pure excelence.  This song just has that something that makes it a song that will stay with you since the first time you ever heard it.  &quot;The Writ&quot; is what the Sabs' call &quot;the center-piece of the album&quot;.  A very just statement that is.  This song starts with a simple bass line then goes right into the sudden hard start of the song.  The entire song is excelence.  <br />This album is amazing in every way.  If you don't have it, buy it.  Don't download it, you're just saying you don't respect the band enough to gather the 13 bucks needed to purchase it legally.  Alright, stop reading this review, get out of your house and buy this required listening NOW!!!!!!!!!!!
B000002IWQ|5.0|I always loved this album as it contains some of this band's most powerful and emotional music.<br />Returning to it after several years it is even better that on it's first release and seems to me to be arguably Rush's greatest recording (but really, how can you choose from such an amazing body of work).  <br />Personally, I think this is a truly classic Rock album that will be more widely appreciated as years pass. It is spectacularly cohesive and contains lyrics that are both insightful and intricate.  Added to this is music that rocks like the proverbial MF.<br />Give this one another few listens.  I believe it to be years ahead of it's time.
0385504209|2.0|It is always a disappointment when writers, especially of thrillers, assume their readership is obtuse and/or in a perpetual state of suspended disbelief.  The &quot;clues&quot; that weave this story together were frequetly obvious, and waiting for the Harvard intellectual, French cryptologist and British Grail historian to catch on six or seven pages later was tedious reading and just didn't seem credible.  That said, I thought the scholarship re: church lore, etc...compelling enough to see the book through to the end.
B000000JO3|5.0|Minor Threat is the definitive hardcore punk band, at least for 1981-1982.  They rank just behind the Dead Kennedys for me, and that's saying a lot, considering how great they are.  They got their start from the debris of one of the DC scene's first hardcore bands, the Teen Idles.  They, just like Minor Threat, took their influences from the Bad Brains, one of the first hardcore punk bands anywhere, and British punk, like the Sex Pistols, and the Damned.  These are also great bands, check em out.  But Minor Threat was something special.  They weren't only more accomplished players than they had been in Teen Idles, but they also incorporated the idea of straight edge into their songs, which Ian Mckaye always was but dodn't sing about.  Look at almost any song here and you'll see straight edge.  \\"In My Eyes\\", \\"Minor Threat\\", \\"Out of Step\\", \\"Bottled Violence\\", and obviously \\"Straight Edge\\".  You'll also see many critiques of the DC scene, which wasn't very supportive of their reunion just a few months after their breakup.  Especially the last four, in which McKaye has realized that his beloved DC scene is changing (especially Salad Days).  These were recorded after they had decided to break up.  His voice sounds resigned, except in Stumped, when the question \\"Why did we go?\\" rings out.  This sharply contrasts to the younger band on the first half of the album, where they seemed so full of hope.  If you like punk at all, buy this.  Its awsome.  Also, check out the book Dance of Days, for more info about the band and also the DC scene as a whole.
B000002UZU|5.0|This is an exceptional piece of Blues, with both John Lee and the Canned Heat crew bringing out the best in each other. I particularly enjoyed John Lee just talking with Canned Heat, on a very relaxed, self-revealing level. MUST HAVE!!
B000060P79|1.0|Simple PLan has managed to be the most bubble gum pop ever why because once bubble gum looses its flavor it tastes like crap and that whats going to happen to this band they will loose the flavor eventually and fade away and be bums....They should learn to get fans that know how to wipe there own ass if you like so called &quot;pop punk&quot; and you like 12yr old boys and girls and like A cup boobies then by all means by this album ok buh-- bye
B00005ASOI|5.0|For those of you who think movies like Texas Chainsaw Massacre (2003), Jeepers Creepers and new teen horror movies are great, just hit your back button and find something else.  This is a classic piece of cult horror cinema.  The effects are bad at times, the story is choppy and it can be difficult to follow.  But this movie is 25 years old!  Argento is a master of filmmaking. His use of colors, beautiful editing and an amazing soundtrack by Goblin all make this a classic.  Why rent a new horror movie that looks like a Gap commercial when you can own a classic?
B000089RVX|2.0|&quot;Fallen&quot;...where to begin?<br />Being a fan of gothic metal bands and such, like Theatre of Tragedy, Lacuna Coil, Darkwell, etc. I was kind of angry when I first heard &quot;Bring Me To Life&quot; on the radio.  It sounded like a rip off on gothic artists, like Evanescence was trying to persuade everyone into thinking that they invented a new kind of music.  But at the same time, they aren't really gothic metal at all.  But enough about pigeonholing their music into a mold.  I don't have to critize them for claiming to be something they're not when I can critize them for something much more valid - their songwriting and vocal ability.<br />My sister bought the CD awhile back and I borrowed it from her.  I listened to it all the way through, which was quite difficult for me.  Although I don't particularly like her voice, I have to admit she has a wide octave range.  But her ability cannot make up for the blandness of the songs.  I tend to categorize them into a couple of groups.  There's the singles, Going Under and Bring Me To Life, which are the only ones I can identify by name.  Then there's the two slow ones.  Then, in the final group, I lump together all the other songs.  If you asked me to name them I wouldn't be able to because they all sound identical.<br />While Amy certainly has a large range, she can't channel the emotional energy of her songs and project it like truly talented singers can do.  The style in which she sings them is all the same, monotonous and identical.  I'll use the analogy of an actor to describe how I feel about her voice.  Any one can memorize some lines, get up on a stage, and say them and act out the script.  The difference that separates brilliant actors from mediocre ones is their ability to convince the audience that they truly are that character; to convince the viewers that they are feeling to the depths of their soul joy, or sadness, or anxiousness, or whatever emotion they should be exuding.  Amy can sing the notes,but she can't convince us that she's feeling the music.  At least she can't convince me of that.<br />In summary?  The lyrics are nothing to marvel over, the songs are boring and repetitive, and the band is being overshadowed by a mediocre singer.  Evanescence might appeal to mainstream listeners looking for something to make them appear all hardcore.  I wouldn't reccommend this CD to anyone, regardless of what genre of music they liked.
B00000IUT7|3.0|I left a review of this toy over two years ago and have not been able to find it.  I personally loved the appearance of the train but found out shortly that looks can be deceiving.  We had gotten it for our two year old son at the time.  It was purchased along with the Thomas the Tank Engine (TTE)battery operated trains.  They still to this day work .. and work well.  as for this train it was so not worth the money.  Within the first two weeks this train was no longer able to make it up the hill to my sons train set (TTE)We initially thought that it might have been the battery .. so we changed it.. When we did it was successful but it began to run out of steam..;-)   At that point it was inevitable.  It was no longer going up the hill.  Shortly after that.  About two months total the train stopped moving all together.  Although the sound is some what audible at this time it has not lasted near as well as the TTE trains.. buy it only if you can tolerate that this is a train doomed to fail
B000002UAU|5.0|&quot;A Day in the Life&quot; is worth the price of the entire album.  This song, arguably the best song John and Paul ever collaborated on, is really the only song worthy of the high standards of the single which preceded &quot;Sgt. Pepper&quot;- &quot;Strawberry Fields Forever&quot;/&quot;Penny Lane.&quot;<br />When I bought the single in early '67, back when I was just a kid, I thought it was the most incredible pop music I'd ever heard!  I still say that it's the best single EVER released by ANYONE!  The high production standards, craftsmanship, and sheer experimentation on this single whetted my appetite, and my anticipation, for &quot;Pepper.&quot;  What a bringdown when I unwrapped &quot;Pepper&quot; and listened to it for the first time.  I absolutely LOVED &quot;A Day in the Life,&quot; but everything else seemed second-rate compared to &quot;Strawberry Fields Forever&quot; and &quot;Penny Lane.&quot;  I understand that the Beatles were contemplating an album centered around Liverpool and their childhood before Paul came up with the Pepper concept.  It's interesting to comtemplate what an exceptional album that would have been!<br />I gave &quot;Pepper&quot; five stars because I don't think the Beatles are capable of making an album with less stars.  <br />By the way, this album disappointed me in the George department.  Thre's only one George song on &quot;Pepper.&quot;  Was George hibernating during these sessions?  I realize that &quot;Only a Northern Song,&quot; recorded during the &quot;Pepper&quot; sessions, didn't make the cut, but was pop music on his mind at all during these sessions?
630018403X|5.0|As someone who was autistic and confused throughout school this movie opened my eyes.Especially Allison whom I was attracted to and could identify with.She was possibly autistic,didnt say much but who was mysterious and unique.I was the basket case in the real world so she was the one who I could identify with the most because some people just shut me out and looked at me funny and was reffered to by some as a weirdo.<BR> I could also relate to the brain because in Senior high I was setting goals and things and receiving good grades even though I was in special ed.I could just relate to the pressure of having the challenges of school assignments.<BR>The princess was someone who I thought was cute but someone I felt miles apart from. She was hot but I just wasnt interested in anything else about her.<BR>The jock was much of the same just someone I could care less about and couldnt identify with at all but I did sort of cry when the jock in this movie told his tale of the sinful things he did to a fellow student.<BR>The criminal was someone who I was interested in but didnt necessarily wish to hang out with him because I was scared of his love of marijuana and rebellious attitude even though I was rebellious and proud of it because he was rebellious in a way that got him into trouble.But I could definitely understand his feelings of what was fair and what isnt. <BR> I just feel that this was a great movie and it was something that made me stop and think.
B00003CXCW|5.0|I don't think most people understand Sunset Blvd. Many look at William Holden as the sympathetic character and see Norma as mad and obsessive. I don't think this is the fault of the film, but perhaps people misunderstand it. Norma Desmond is the sympathetic, vulnerable character. Her career was thrown away as she became older (something that still happens to actresses today) and nobody loved her. It is tragic as she falls in love with William Holden's cynical character, and even more tragic when people feel sorry for him and not Norma!  Norma is a reflection of the ideal, and how the ideal can lose reality in a cynical, hurtful world. Holden is simply careless towards Norma and uses her. Because we have come to expect this stereotype of men being careless and insensitive, many people acknowledge Holden as the normal character, when in fact he is very, very flawed. And we see the ideal qualities of compassion and heartbreak in Norma as scary or possessive. That is, of course, until she goes over the edge at the end of the film - but wouldn't you, too?  Contrast these ideas with the perception of Joan Crawford (Mommie Dearest) that we have today.
6304806418|4.0|Sir Andrew Lloyd Webber's and Tim Rice's musical telling of the life of Eva Peron successfully makes the leap from stage to screen.  Alan Parker ably directs a fine cast, which includes Antonio Banderas as Ch&eacute;, Jonathan Pryce as Juan Peron, and Madonna as Eva Peron.  The acting and the voice work are very good, and Madonna surprises you with her talent.<br />The music is equally wonderful, keeping the rock opera feel of the original stage show.  Also, the new song &quot;You Must Love Me,&quot; written by Sir Andrew and Tim Rice, flows nicely with the original music and won a deserved Academy Award for Best Original Song.<br />Costumes, acting, sets, visuals and music all combine to create a great movie experience.  A note of caution to some, though: this is sung through with very little spoken dialoque.  I remember seeing this in the theater and listening to some people complain about it and walk out of the movie.  Stick with it, and you will definitely enjoy it!!
B00008MLSH|3.0|The start of the disc is a bit rough. The voice is pleasant enough, well-produced with an even sound from the lower to the higher range. The trill, though, is hit or miss, not well articulated and the lack of a well-defined trill certainly is ontrusive in the selections that warrant one (such as the faust aria)<br />In short, the two Mozart arias are not elegant enough. She makes some heavy weather of the florid runs (especially in Non mi dir) which seems surprising given the other arias on the disc. The staccati are executed well though.<br />The french arias are also somewhat problematic. The aria from Benvenuto Cellini, arguably a bit of a signature role for her, doesn't work that well, and her Manon lacks humour and wit, and a touch of elegance. She doesn't really get behind the words, and has some funny pronunciations. The high D's in the Gavotte<BR>also sounds uncomfortable.<br />Then we move to happier times. For me, she seems to connect to the two belcanto composers much better than the pieces that went before. Her Lucia scene perhaps lacks the ultimate degree of word painting and the sense of impending doom, but<BR>it is extremely well sung, and the cabaletta well executed, although I didn't agree with her choices a few ornamental decisions. Her concluding high note is slightly better than on the Manon track, but those don't seem to be her &quot;money-notes&quot;, as it were. They are more comfortable than the ones Angela Gheorghiu makes on her bel canto disc, but still...<br />The Sonnambula scene is, for me, almost a complete success. She sings well, manages to create a character in the process, and the florid work is done with grace and elegance, an element sometimes missing in the other arias. Again, the concluding accuto (E flat?) is done well enough, but not extremely comfortable. All in all I would say this is the best aria on the disc.<br />The Marguerite aria is given with a little bit of recitative, and she sings it well, with a strong high C at the end, although the tempi chosen for the aria are most peculiar. The conductor slows down considerably at the end, where<BR>others go faster. I guess this could work as a hightening of Marguerite's dream-like state at seeing herself in the mirror, but I'm still not sure if I like it. Have to give it a few more listenings I guess. What almost disqualifies the presence of this aria is her lack of a good trill. If any aria needs it, it's this one, and Netrebko doesn't deliber the goods.<br />The Rusalka aria. Why, o why, if you've got the Vienna Philharmonic at your disposal, do you choose to omit the superb harp intro to this beautiful piece? It considerably mars the sense of momentum for me, since it really sets the dreamy mood. She sings well, although with less refulgence than a Fleming can<BR>bring to it. A bit anonymously, though. Again, strong high note at the end, although she could have held on to it a bit longer...<br />The Musetta aria is a charming, if slightly puzzling, way to close the disc. Why not choose another belcanto piece? She sings it charmingly enough, with a degree of humour, and gets behind the character more than I've heard her do on other<BR>items on the disc, but I would much rather have heard her in something earlier ottocento Italian. I think, for instance, that &quot;Oh quante volte&quot; from Bellini's I Capuletti ed i Montecchi would have been a perfect fit for her voice.<br />So, in conclusion; a rather gorgeous voice (with looks to match), with a distinct, but pleasant, Slavic quality to it, with a deal of maturing to do artistically. Could ascend<BR>to greatness if she learns how to identify a bit more with her roles. And either chooses her repertoire to suit her gifts and apparent flaws (uncomfortable high notes, lack of trill), or do some more training in this department.
0312319517|2.0|The Frederick Forsythe at his prime, as the author of Dogs of War, The Odessa File and even the more recent Fist of God is nowhere to be seen in his latest novel, Avenger.<br />The taut pacing, complex plot, dramatic finale and telling facts on espionage are all missing in this effort.  It feel more like a story that the author was mulling in his head, put it to paper without much thought to preparation, editing or coherence.<br />The story is a sorry mix of espionage, terrorism and revenge.<br />I read the book out of respect for all the great books Forsythe has written in the past.  But perhaps now it is time to bid adieu to his newer ramblings.
B00008S2VG|1.0|The only excuse for the so-called rap in \\"American life\\" is if some 9 year-old Madonna-fanatic was dying of cancer and the Make-a-Wish foundation talked her into performing the song of the aspiring and expiring young lyricist.<br />Thank God for DJ's--if it wasn't for their creative revamping, I don't know if we would have heard anything good from Madonna in the last five years.
B000002KDO|5.0|This is Black Sabbath's masterpiece. Beginning with Ozzy's coughs comes the power-love-song &quot;sweet leaf.&quot; Next comes another great hit &quot;After forever.&quot; Next is a not-as-popular-but-still-good song &quot;Embryo.&quot; Fourth is the best song &quot;Children of the grave&quot; which best displays Iommi's guitar work, which is shown even more on the next song, &quot;Orchid&quot;. 6th is a very spooky song &quot;Lord of this World&quot; Next is &quot;Solitude which is just like &quot;Embryo&quot;. Finally, to complete this masterpiece is &quot;Lord of this World's&quot; evil twin, &quot;Into the void.&quot; As said before, this is the masterpiece of Sabbath, not Paranoid. So get this, you won't be disappointed
B00003CXBK|5.0|I seldom weigh in on these things but this is a work of such towering genius I can't hold my tongue. After hearing so much about Spirited Away (another work of staggering brilliance) I saw that and was hooked. I have started collecting Miyazaki films. This English language version of Princess M. is every bit as good as the fine Pixar/Disney translations of Spirited Away, Castle in the Sky, and Kiki's Delivery Service.  If you appreciate real art, including the art of entertainment, you will love Miyazaki. Not necessarily for little kids, unless they are used to the hard facts of old-time fairy tales (giants, decapitations, soldiers fighting what have you). My 5-year-old loves it as much as I do, albeit for different reasons, I suppose. It deserves a constellation of stars.
B000089CJI|5.0|Far beyond almost all electro-pop, Give Up has a lyrical depth that most bands in the genre could only fantasize about. Absolutely heartbreaking at times (I think I saw Donald Rumsfeld bent over in sobs the first time he heard it), this album runs the gamut of emotional experience, with a bit of a lean towards the dark. The almost funereal feel to \\"Nothing Better\\" and especially \\"The District Sleeps Alone Tonight\\" put the end-of-love lyrics into a cadaverous context. The songs are sad without being sap, or perhaps they're perfect sap. The sadness conveyed gives the impression of trying to move through something with an extremely high-viscosity, like sap. This suffocating thickness of the air is particularly evident on \\"This Place is a Prison\\" where the underlying electronica actually sounds like someone slowly plodding through thick mud.  The songwriting goes beyond emotional portraiture though. On tracks like \\"Clark Gable\\", the visual imagery is almost perfect. You can see the filmed kiss with clarity because the description betrays the emotion as well as the action. The electronic backing is tight, if not completely original. Some excellent drums with varying overlay including string sections, church organs, heavily blurred static and something that sounds remarkably like my alarm clock. There's still a lot of time left in the year but this will surely be one of the best to drop in 2003 along with, amazingly enough, Death Cab's new joint, Transatlanticism.
B00005JKZV|5.0|Peter Jackson has done it again.  If anything, The Two Towers is even better than Fellowship.  The movie has very few short comings.  I was a bit freaked out that the elves showed up at Helm's Deep but it worked.  The love story connection with Aragorn and Arwen is fine but somewhat  unneeded.  I didn't dislike it at all but the story didn't have to have it.  Gollum came off as \\"funny\\" sometimes and he is NEVER funny in the books but it worked.  The addition of the warg scene was excellent!  Though it is not in the books it makes sense and definitely gives a new vision of the Wargs when I read The Hobbit.  They are scary and done well.  I love the fact that this battle takes place in the daylight.  That was a very brave move of Jackson.  It is hard to hide special effect mistakes in the daylight.  There were no mistakes.  Even when fleet footed Legolus whips up onto the steed that Gimimli is riding it looks great.  Our elven friend, of course, steals the show yet again with his combat prowess.  The Ents are perfect, the settings are perfect, and the only character that comes off wrong is Farmir.  He is a bit of a jerk the entire time he is on screen.  The part is well acted but he was not the way he is portrayed in the book.  All in all that is minor but for those of us who are hard core, it did shake us up a bit to see him portrayed in that fashion.  The opening sequence with Gandalf fighting the Barlog is wonderful.  I do not think I breathed until it was over.  This set the tone of the movie which is far darker and more brooding than Fellowship.  Wars, death, and Frodo's encroaching near insanity, put this movie right where it should be.<br /> If I have anything negative to say it would definitely center around Faramir's character and the fact that Jackson felt that is was necessary to pretend that Aragorn had been killed in a fall while fighting the wargs.  This was totally unnecessary.  However, it was well acted and the reunion between legolous and Gimili and aragorn was wonderful.  There are some key scenes left out and I am awaiting the special edition on DVD to see what they put back in.  I expect that, like Fellowship, the DVD, director's cut will improve the movie even more.  All in all, this is one of the best films I have ever seen.  It is so great to see fantasy taken seriously, finally, for once....I just hope Jackson isn't forgotten again for a Best Director award.  He certainly deserves it for crafting these...<br />\\"impossible to make\\" movies.nd aragorn was wonderful.  There are some key scenes left out and I am awaiting the special edition on DVD to see what they put back in.  I expect that, like Fellowship, the DVD, director's cut will improve the movie even more.  All in all, this is one of the best films I have ever seen.  It is so great to see fantasy taken seriously, finally, for once....I just hope Jackson isn't forgotten again for a Best Director award.  He certainly deserves it for crafting these...<BR>\\"impossible to make\\" movies.
B00005JKC3|5.0|a mind blowing film -so artistic, so thought provoking, i was caught in up from it's opening scene! ang lee is such a complete above all other directors for his time, it takes your breath away! a truly deep, moving, disturbing film, and yet it also astounds on the spectacle level as well. please do not listen to the critics or some of the reviewers here- it is a brilliant film that will be fully realized over the years, as a true classic as well as a masterpiece!  bravo to ang lee
B00005JLRT|2.0|Consider the vastness of the following Star Trek plot:  A demented, super intelligent madman has seized power.  The madman has a very powerful weapon that could be used to destroy a planet.  He hates the captain of the U. S. S. Enterprise.  A major character dies at the end of the end of the film saving the Enterprise and her crew.<br /> You know what movie I am talking about don't you?  Of course, Star Trek: The Wrath of Khan.  Right?  Wrong!  I am talking about Star Trek: Nemesis.  This ill conceived, asinine remake of the classic Khan movie is both an insult to the franchise and the fans alike.  Please don't confuse my indignation for a total dislike of the film.  It does have some merit.  It has cool ships, cool special effects, an excellent \\"ramming\\" scene and good acting by most of the characters.  However, I think that the franchise has lost its way among the cogs and wheels of the cash machine.  I went to see this movie with little hope and expecting nothing.  I got pretty much what I expected.  The Next Generation, other than First Contact hasn't translated to the big screen very well.  It sickens me to no end to see something that I love reduced to the pile of scrap it is now.<br />Why oh why don't they let Jonathan Frakes hold the reigns of The Next Generation for a while?  Paramount and Rick Berman certainly have no clue how to deliver what the fans truly want.<br /> The power of The Wrath of Khan is insulted at best and diminished at worst by Nemesis.  In The Wrath of Khan when Spock died we all felt it.  It was a scene of power and full of emotion.  The exchange between Kirk and Spock is timeless and a beautiful example of the friendship that the two shared.  When Data saves Picard in Nemesis there is no exchange of emotion.  There is no power. There is only a \\"too late\\" goodbye delivered by Data.  The scene is drug out unnecessarily long to \\"build tension.\\"  I was about as tense as I am in a hot tub.  I was not moved to tears.  I was not moved at all.  The movie does salvage some of its dignity at the end when the magnificent 7 now \\"6\\" stand around and lament for their lost friend.  The worst acting in the movie is here though.  Troy's tears do not convince me.  At least Riker gets his own ship FINALLY.<br /> In short, the Star Trek franchise has delivered a spoon-fed, thoughtless movie that stands on the pillars of former greatness.  I love these characters.  I hate to see them put into a spot that does not do them justice.  The cast members even seemed less than excited about the film.  Jonathan Frakes seemed disgusted or at least discouraged by the process.  Patrick Stewart saw a good paycheck.  Brent Spiner saw a chance to take care of his character finally.  I agree with his reasons, but I would like to have seen a bit more emotion behind it.  If there is another Next Generation movie, here is what I purpose.  Let Frakes direct it, and get someone in the writing community that has a true understanding and love for the franchise to write it.  I can think of many who could have done better than this...Straczynski, Ellison, me...  And of course one final note about the movie...I give them credit for not using any time traveling.  We are all sick of that.  I just hope that Berman and his lackeys can come up with something better in the future or else Star Trek may fall into the category of \\"It was once great, but now it isn't worth the price of admission.\\"The movie does salvage some of its dignity at the end when the magnificent 7 now \\"6\\" stand around and lament for their lost friend.  The worst acting in the movie is here though.  Troy's tears do not convince me.  At least Riker gets his own ship FINALLY.  <BR> In short, the Star Trek franchise has delivered a spoon-fed, thoughtless movie that stands on the pillars of former greatness.  I love these characters.  I hate to see them put into a spot that does not do them justice.  The cast members even seemed less than excited about the film.  Jonathan Frakes seemed disgusted or at least discouraged by the process.  Patrick Stewart saw a good paycheck.  Brent Spiner saw a chance to take care of his character finally.  I agree with his reasons, but I would like to have seen a bit more emotion behind it.   If there is another Next Generation movie, here is what I purpose.  Let Frakes direct it, and get someone in the writing community that has a true understanding and love for the franchise to write it.  I can think of many who could have done better than this...Straczynski, Ellison, me...  And of course one final note about the movie...I give them credit for not using any time traveling.  We are all sick of that.  I just hope that Berman and his lackeys can come up with something better in the future or else Star Trek may fall into the category of \\"It was once great, but now it isn't worth the price of admission.\\"
B00004XPPB|5.0|&quot;Donnie Brasco&quot; is a true mafia masterpiece and what is more interesting about it is that it is based on an amazing true story.  This is the true story of FBI undercover agent Joseph D. Pistone, who when faced with the task of infiltrating a New York City &quot;family,&quot; he not only does that, but he did it with perfection.  As you will soon learn with this movie, FBI undercover agent Joseph Pistone infiltrated and stayed within this &quot;family&quot; for six years and if it weren't for his superiors' intervention he would've stayed with them even longer, as he was within months of becoming a &quot;made&quot; wise guy when he was brought out.<br />&quot;Donnie Brasco&quot; represents a sort of coming out for Johnny Depp in that this was really his first adult dramatic role that didn't portray him as a teenager or something in the Science Fiction range.  He truly deserves all of the accolades that he earned for this role.  Al Pacino's performance was superior for this movie.  In so many movies he's made, he's played pretty much the same guy with a different name, this is not the case with his role in &quot;Donnie Brasco,&quot; he truly became the character he was playing.  This was an Oscar winning performance on his part, the only missing part was the actual best supporting Oscar.  The performances by Michael Madsen, Bruno Kirby, Anne Heche and all of the other actors in this outstanding film all served beautifully in making this film the true silver screen masterpiece that it is.<br />It's kind of odd that British director Mike Newell of &quot;Four Weddings and a Funeral&quot; fame would get the directing nod for &quot;Donnie Brasco&quot; but in the end, it worked out perfectly and he deserves a great amount of credit for the &quot;style&quot; and &quot;atmosphere&quot; of this film.  The score for &quot;Donnie Brasco&quot; plays perfectly with every scene of the film, serving to enhance the story.<br />The premise:<br />FBI undercover agent Joseph D. Pistone is tasked with the mission to infiltrate Lefty Ruggiero's (Al Pacino) mob family.  Posing as a jewel broker Donnie Brasco, Agent Pistone does this with apparent ease.  He soon learns that this will not be a quick task to complete and his six year run begins, jeopardizing his family, his career and his life as he becomes so intertwined with this crime family and starts to care about his mob &quot;mentor&quot; Lefty, whose life will become forfeit when the truth is revealed.<br />For any fan of the &quot;mob&quot; movie genre, I highly recommend this film as it gives a perfect look at the mob lifestyle and it easily ranks up there with many of the famous mob movies.  This movie will certainly bear multiple viewings.  {ssintrepid}<br />Special Features:<br />- Director's Commentary<BR>- Exclusive Featurette &quot;Donnie Brasco:  Out from the Shadows&quot;<BR>- Original Featurette<BR>- Deleted Scenes with or without commentary<BR>- Isolated Music Score<BR>- Theatrical trailers<BR>- Talent Files<BR>- Production notes
B00000IPAX|5.0|there are no words to describe how good this CD is, it is the best CD i have bought in a long time
B0000C0FJB|3.0|All I've got to say is, listen to the last two board boots.  They sound really good, the instruments and vocals are clear, yet it's still a raw live sound.  There's actually some nice stereo separation.  This is how good a live recording can sound like.  Compared to these two, it's very easy to discern that the rest isn't mixed nearly as well and is buried in a constant wash of audience noise.  In other words, the CD itself provides a perfect example of good and bad mixing.  Judge for yourself.<br />(and why are all the reviews disappearing?  that's pretty bad, is there a &quot;see all reviews&quot; link that just isn't showing up?)
B0000AZJXQ|5.0|I have to admit, prior to owning this album, I had never heard of &quot;A Perfect Circle.&quot; A friend of mine insisted that I get the album because the band was nothing like I have ever heard before. After listening to the entire album, I was completely floored. This is one of the best albums I own...I don't normally listen to this type of music...nor had the intention of shying away from it, but there is something unique about Maynard's voice that draws you into every song. Melodically captivating the drums and guitars resound in my head. The lyrics are poetic brilliance. Maynard sings them with a simultaneously stimulating blend of anger, love, and confusion that would leave most listeners scratching their heads in wonderment. I have not been able to take this CD out of my stereo...it is a true piece of art that I treasure. My favorite songs on the album include: &quot;Weak and Powerless,&quot; &quot;Crimes,&quot; &quot;The Noose,&quot; and &quot;The Outsider.&quot; I would recommend this album to those who share tastes in music created by Evanescence or Linkin Park. But I think everyone should own this album. GET IT NOW!!!! :)
B0000AQVCL|4.0|I'm ashamed to say that I first heard this band's \\"Are you gonna be my girl?\\" clustered among a bunch of excrementally horrible songs on the Madden 2004 video game on my playstation. After that pleasant surprise, I saw them open for Kings of Leon, who they blew off the stage.<BR>These guys rock more than any of the garage bands - the Vines, Hives, Strokes, you name 'em, they pale in comparison. What's the difference? The ballads. So few \\"garage\\" bands can write and perform a worthwhile ballad these days (the Vines being the one true exception - it's worth noting that Jet ends up sounding much like the Vines when they slow things down), that Jet's desire and ability to do so is extemely appealing.<BR>Some favorites:<BR>\\"Move On\\" - For those of you yearning for that chunky Mick Taylor era Rolling Stones sound (or those who wish that the Black Crowes never broke up), this song will be the best thing you've heard for some time. I can't stop playing it.<BR>\\"Are You Gonna Be My Girl\\" - If you've heard anything, this is probably it. Loud guitars, great hook/riff, screaming, hand clap chorus. FUN.<BR>\\"Look What You've Done\\" - Wouldn't be out of place on any album that prominently featured Paul McCartney. This is a late Beatles/Wings, style ballad placed immediately after the album's first three full throttle rockers. They end up sounding a bit like the Vines here as well (the Vines when they're chanelling the Beatles, and not grunge).<BR>\\"Cold Hard B*tch\\" - This song seems to be the one that almost every review I read finds exception with. Is it mean spirited? Yes. Is it crude? Yes. But so what? Isn't sloppy/fun Rock & Roll supposed to be stupid and crude and as un-PC as possible? So if you can put your righteous outrage on hold, give this tune a chance. The music and lyrics are virtually cribbed directly from AC/DC (hence the mean-spirited crudeness), and the tune flat out jams, with the singer becoming almost as unhinged as Bon Scott by the end of the song. Good times.<br/>The album is simply fun - chock full of full throttle rockers and hand clap choruses combined with enough sweet, syrupy ballads to make the whole thing go down easy. This disc will have you rolling down your car window in the middle of December. (...)
B00004RHZU|1.0|Her punk schtick is just a facade to make up for her incredible lack of talent. Stink is fast on her way to has-been status.
B000084T18|1.0|50 Cent is wack. Save your money on this trash, and buy a Tupac album instead.
B0000AI44Q|5.0|Greendale is definitely among Neil Young and Crazy Horse's BEST work.  Do not listen to the naysayers, Greendale is EXCELLENT throughout!
B0000027RL|5.0|Ten is one of the albums that doesn't lose its power even after the musical movement is was a part of has long since faded. Drawing inspiration from classic rock while expounding a uniquely 90's attitude, its rousing sound resonates with as much emotion today as it did when it came out over a decade ago. Pearl Jam has never been afraid to grapple with weighty issues such as homelessness, youth violence, and isolation, and Ten showcases their heavy social conscence. But the album's deep lyrical subject matter only adds to the emotional strength of the music, creating a album that is earnest and intensely moving. Pearl Jam would go on to create other phenomenal albums, but Ten will always have a special place as the definitive Pearl Jam masterwork.
0790729628|3.0|Granted, this movie has aged pretty well, after repeated viewings, I'm not sure what all the hubbub is about. The story is slow in developing and the acting is so-so. I will say that the special effects and scenery are great (not quite as breathtaking as &quot;Brazil&quot;). It is a very deep movie and I definitely agree with other reviewers that this is a sci-fi film noir, and strange as it may sound, I could conceivably see Humphrey Bogart in the role of the &quot;gumshoe&quot; Deckard. Sean Young is gorgeous and Rutger Hauer is his usual menacing self (i.e, his role as a terrorist  in &quot;Nighthawks&quot; comes to mind). <br />I am relieved to find out that it is not my DVD player that is causing the inferior quality. I am disappointed that there are no extras in the DVD and the packaging is very pedestrian. This movie and &quot;Director's Cut&quot; deserves better. I wish that the Harrison Ford narration wasn't completely taken out. I think a combination of the Vangelis score and the narration would do the DVD justice. My 3 stars is a combination of an appreciation of the movie and the inferior quality of the DVD.
B0000AR8NK|5.0|Recently, I was sore at David for putting the n-th &quot;greatest hits&quot; record on sale. I said I was sick'n tired of the rehashes.<br />Which I still am. Last month, I bought &quot;Reality&quot; because it's so difficult that we near-40's express solidarity with even older people - such as Mr Bowie. I did it out of pity.<br />But then, SURPRISE, I put the disk into the player, and astounding things happen. The man is for real. He puts before us NEW MUSIC, that's fresh, exciting, pleasure- and thought-provoking. I won't take back my previous criticism (about another disc), but<br />REALITY is a wonderful record. As with every worthwhile Bowie album, it will take you 4-5 listenings until you find that REALITY is full of gems - lyrics that stick, harmonies that take you to that place of pleasure where you actually wanted to live (when only you could), rhythm that makes you wanna dance.<br />HEATHEN was great (see my review), but I feel that REALITY goes even further to prove that David is alive and has his feet on the floor of perception. He rocks and rolls with a great band, and it all makes great sense (forget the tribute to Mr George Harrison, though - it's by far the weakest song on this disc).<br />If you are into grown-up, intelligent, but rocking, lustful and sincere rock music, put an ear into this record. For first listening, try &quot;New Killer Star&quot; and &quot;Never Get Old&quot;.<br />&quot;She'll Drive The Big Car&quot;, &quot;Looking For Water&quot; and &quot;Reality&quot; will grow into you later on.<br />It's a 10 of a record. Enjoy!
B0000AI44Q|5.0|Just because it's a concept album doesn't mean it doesn't rock. This is Neil Young's finest album in a long time. The concept is that a family is torn apart by their cousin Jed, who killed a cop. The music is awesome. It's pure Neil. Crazy Horse sounds great as a trio, and the music is loud and noisy. Sun Green is a good example. My favorite songs are Be The Rain and Leave The Driving. The latter sounds like a Canned Heat song, which is awesome. I know some of the songs sound the same, but I think it helps. I don't know why, it just does. This is a perfect album, the best of 2003.
B000001G5A|5.0|There are countless versions of Mozart's almost penultimate masterpiece but this one goes to the head of the list.  It is conducted in a very grand and ecstatic style which is probably what Mozart desired if he had the VPO, the Konzertvereinigung of the Vienna State Opera, AND such a powehouse as &quot;Lady Bohm&quot; available to interpret his work as he may have envisioned it as he lay dying and perhaps regretting the many, many works that were fermenting in his fertile mind before his very regretable demise. Leonard Bernstein's version on DG to memorialise his wife may come closest to Bohm's visionary interpretation.  Herbert von Karajan's various gelatinous versions are travesties of this masterpiece.<br />The soloists: Edith Mathis, Julia Hamari, Wieslaw Ochman (superb!), and Karl Ridderbusch (also superb!) all get into Karl Bohm's spirit of the work and the chorus is (no pun intended) &quot;heavenly&quot;.<br />I had a black disc copy of this in the mid-seventies that got worn out from repeated listening and thank God CDs were invented to enable we &quot;requiem junkies&quot; to get our almost daily fix without having to constantly replace vinyl.<br />The engineering by the inimitable Dr. Gunter Hermanns is exemplary and the production by Drs. Hirsch and Hickmann are up to DGs usual perfect standards - AT THAT TIME.  They seem to have slipped of late.<br />There are other and more authentic versions out there but Karl Bohm and the Vienna Philharmonic Orchestra and Chorus and the soloists play and sing for the ages and we should all be grateful to have this artistry preserved for all time on CD.
B00005K3NR|5.0|I ( like carrie ) was a social outcast ( until I got into highschool now I'm populare ) and as a way to escape my anger I would watch this movie. It made me feel so good that the geek got the revenge!!! But seriously, I have loved this movie since I saw it when I was 9! I always thoguht it was an interesting story and I just loved it! As we all know Carrie is a social outcast and has a seriously religious mother who puts so many restrictins on her life! And one day during PE Carrie has her first period and thinks she's dieing and all the girls in her gym class make gun of her and throw tampons at her and Carrie is devistated. And when she gets home her mom goes wildly insane that her daughter has had a period and only \\"bad girls\\" have periods and \\"dirty pillows\\". Then we get to know about how Margret is a crazy woman and so the story goes along. So as a prank, Chris and Billy put a bucket of pigs blood over the stage where the prom queen will stand when prom comes and Sue Snell gets her boyfriend, Tommy to take carrie to prom, to show she's sorry. Ands the votes are rigged where Carrie and TOmmy win prom king and queen. And so as a surprise, Carrie is crowned in blood and lets her telekinitic powers over take her and kill everyone at prom. And so the story goes and I wont' give any more away even though most of you have already seen the movie. It is a very good movie with great acting!! It's no surprise that it has become a classic and will never die ( sin never dies ) and this is how hollywood should make horror movies now, not to say that movies now aren't good ( Freddy Vs. Jason, Texas Chainsaw Massacre 2003 ) but they are drenched too much in sex and drugs, and all people want from a horror movie is to be truely scared, which this movie does...to a point! It's still great!!!
B00005YU1O|5.0|This highly original animated feature is the finest production of it's respective year. Profound and signifigant ideas come at the viewer like a rocket and provoke our inner feelings to come front center. At times the film can be too cerebral for it's own good, but the spectacular digital camera / layered, always shifting, multi-colored animation keeps it enjoyable. <BR>After Wiley Wiggins' character is struck by a car, he floats in limbo between a dream world and eternal life. He walks around meeting colorful characters who present theories on dreams, love, sex, the afterlife, and much more to the simple reply to \\"wake up\\".
0316666343|3.0|The first two thirds of the book are great.  The premise is very interesting, and it is carried off well in the beginning.  But then it becomes a trudge to the end, and the end is disappointing.  <BR>Still, it's a good read; just not quite satisying.<BR>The problem is a common one--great idea, good start, but inability to really carry it off.  That's the main difference between popular books and literature--good literature is much more uniform from beginning to end.
B00004RFFM|3.0|this one has great shark attacks with bloody efects afterwards, but its slowed down with some rampid stupidity in the dialouge and some dry parts, but never quit the good cast. Thomas Jane, LL Cool J, Saffron Burrows, Stellan Skarsgard, Jaqueline McKenzie, Samuel L. Jackson and Michel Rapaport and its fun to see LL Cool J as a priest, though I hated seeing Jackson die in the middle
0060512806|3.0|Good writing and story, but I believe one third of the information could have been condensed or left out entirely.  The additional information is interesting, but does not add much to the story.  I skimed as much as 5-10 pages in some sport just to get back to the action.  But overall interesting.
B000067JD3|5.0|this one hits the mark, bulleye. Soderbergh directs a epic drama that fills with emotions and thrills that pull you in until the very last shot. all the different colors in the scenes are greatly blended in. Michael Douglas, Dennis Quaid, Catherine Zeta Jones, Don Cheadle, Jacob Vargas, Clifton Collins Jr., James Brolin, Topher Grace, Erika Christensen, Salma Hayek, Benjamin Bratt, Luis Guzman, Miguel Ferrer and Benincio Del Toro(awesome) head the cast. a must see
B00008H2LB|4.0|linkin park's new album doesn't compare to hybrid theory.  The whole hybrid theory album is awesome as opposed to maybe two or three really good songs from meteora(specifically &quot;numb&quot;, &quot;easier to run&quot;, and &quot;breaking the habit&quot;).  Those three songs are probably the only ones that compare to the whole hybrid theory album.  Also, you'll notice that if you get the cd, inside is the booklet with all the information on how all their songs for this album came about, and you'll read that some of these songs came to them almost effortlessly.  That maks you wonder if they even tried to make something as good as hybrid thoery or not.  Maybe thats why meteora hasn't quite made the hype that hybrid theory has. Yet, for all linkin park fans, its still worth the listen.
B00005Y228|5.0|I reviewed the album before purchasing it so I did my homework and I must say that this album is good because Kylie is good. Kylie has such a powerful voice, totally unforgettable. Once you listen to her song, it'll just keep on playing in your head - that's how powerful it is! It's amazing how the songs keep up with the modern beat when she's been around since the 80's. <br />Awesome album, I definitely recommend it!
0870703781|5.0|For those of you who already know Eggleston, there is something in particular to note about this book.  I also purchased Eggleston's &quot;The Hasselblad Award 1998,&quot; which features a handful of the same shots in Guide.  This provided me an opportunity to compare the same shots in two different publications.  There is absolutely no comparison to the superior quality of the prints in William Eggleston's Guide.  In fact, shots that I loved in Guide I would not have even really noticed in Hasselblad (very poor color separation, blue tints, etc.).  This is the book to get.
B00005JMFR|2.0|I'm not going to give anything away, but I want to say that the film is a HUGE disapointment. I will say this much: None of the action or fight sequences comes close to topping Reloaded. The philosphies and the ending are even more confusing. Don't expect any satisfying closure. Just opinion, but see and judge for yourself.
B000007T1M|5.0|Hailing originally from Armenia, System Of A Down have divided rock fans, with some dismissing them as weird for the sake of weird, and too left-wing. To many others, myself included, they represent a breath fo fresh air. <br />Their rhythm styles have never before heard in rock, with exotic vocals and the most amazing mood changes out of nowhere, and some killer solos (the one thing Toxicity lacks). Relatively weak choice of singles is the only reason this album didn't hit the big time in my view. War?, Know and Peephole would've been better.<br />So much is contained within this album that only a track-by-track analysis will suffice:<br />Suite-Pee: 9/10 Excellent opener, the highlighr of this track is the final part, with a thundering vocal ending backed up by intense drums comes seemingly out of nowhere, typical of teh tempo changes throughout the album<br />Know: 9/10 Eerily similar bridge to Incubus' New Skin, very loud verse vocals, and again finishes with its best section. Can be harrowing in the right mood<br />Sugar: 7/10 Strange chocie of single. Doen't strike me as a highpoint, the actual shouts of 'Sugar!' drag it down a little for me. A shame, as the guitar is pounding and the lyrics witty<br />Suggestions: 7/10 I refuse to beleive that the fast vocal bit enar the ned was achieved naturally. Interesting song otherwise, with a nicely strummed intro.<br />Spiders: 8/10 The album's 'signature ballad' of sorts. Not as intense as most tracks, but effective<br />Ddevil: 7/10 Shortest track thus far, with some unusual lyrics, including the classic \\"stupid people do stupid things, smart people outsmart each other\\". Fast tune that reaches an awesome crescendo<br />Soil: 9/10 Perhaps the clsoest to conventional metal, with a thruly intense finale. An ode to a deceased friend<br />War?: 10/10 Incredible track taking in more twists in 3 mintues than some bands manage in 10, with a shuffling effect that sounds like it was produced on a Commodore 64, a thudnering guitar riff, a roaring chorus, powerful lyrics exposing the hypocrisy of religious warface, and a great bit with chanting backgrounds and a repeated \\"of war, we don't speak anymore\\" refrain, before leading into an angry, venemous, pounding finish. Maybe their best song ever.<br />Mind: 7/10 The last track to grow on me, its something of an adventure, with the odd moment of genius. The first 2 minutes sound ridiculous, but Serj's whispering vocal almost carries it off.<br />Peephole: 10/10 The best demonstration of the rapid change in vocal delivery, backed up by some lovely mood changes and pounding riffs.<br />CubeRT: 7/10 Perhaps another nod to retro videogames, driving meaning form this isn't easy, but the tune kinda makes up for it.<br />Darts: 6/10 Strikes me as something of a filler, with similar vocals to Suggestions, similar music to Ddevil, and little variety. Perhaps the only heavy-for-the-sake-of-it cut. Better than anything Limp Bizkit can come up with though.<br />Peephole: 9/10 The most personal lyrics the band have given us, dealing with the atrocity their people faced in 1915. Contrasts nciely in mood, and a great way to round things off.
B000002H33|5.0|How can I say anything about this excellent cd that hasn't been said before?  I'm a reverse fan, having been introduced to Metallica through St. Anger.  I didn't think that it was great, but I didn't hate it.  I picked up this album because everyone else was comparing St. Anger to it.  I was absolutely blown away by its sheer greatness!  There is literally not a single song that I can ever skip, they are all so good that none stand out as good or bad!  The riffs are so complex and layered that it is impossible for a rock fan not to enjoy this!  In a strange way, the growl of James Hetfield can sound very melodic and beautiful!  If you like this I also reccomend picking up Ride the Lightening, and ...And Justice For All, although this is the best Metallica has.
B000021YQV|5.0|A cult audience gradually built for the band over the three years after their debut, and the second album exploded to #1, ironically enough, on 9/11 - rpecisely the kind of catastrophic event envisaged by the band - look at the liner text on the back of the first album. <br />Some people have slammed these guys as being anti-American, but I find that really unfair. As migrants form a country which is arguably a worse place to live, they've seen the American Dream, but also the American Reality of excessive imprisonment used merely to keept he streets safe for the elite, rather than tackling social issues (Prison Song), pollution (Toxicity), occasionally brutal policing (Deer Dance) and more. And of course they want ot tell the tale.<br />Lumping this CD with nu-metal or rap-metal really irritates me. Tehse guys ar eout on their own, creating thoroughly unique music. The rhythm section is strongly influenced by Eastern and Arabic sounds, and Serj Tanaken' voice is unusual, going from a roar to a quiver in an instant, and conveying masses of emotion.<br />As many have said, the second half of the CD is the best. Psycho has the best slow/fast variation on the album, Science packs a real punch, Forest is the kind of thing that could give arena rock a good name, and Aerials is an astounding single. By the way, teh music on the end comes form Armenian church services - a nod to the band's roots as Christians (though not especially believing ones) in a predominantly Muslim country).<br />A lot of people have bagged Jet Pilot and X, but I really found myself liking them, for a bit of a throwaway yell and roar. They don't demonstrate how unique the band is so much, but hoe many other bands would do a tempo change like Jet Pilot's?<br />Only trouble is, the first album was a better affair, with mroe solos, more innovation, more surprises and perhaps slightly better lyrics. Great though this is, it might be worth giving that one a go first.
0393051587|5.0|This is not a new book. Hearn published this in a smaller book in 1976 and again in the '80s with a different publisher. So Hearn is by no means a young or new author. This third version is lavish and larger with more information and even with today's standards more expensive. But as a true lover of \\"A Christmas Carol\\" in any form, how can I pass it up?
0451169514|5.0|I read this a long time ago and still remember most of the details.  This book, as I recall, was around 1,000 pages and I could barely put it down.  I was reading it, when I was 17, when my family moved from Oregon to Wisconsin.  We drove.  My father was the type of person that when he went to bed, we all went to bed.  We were all in the same hotel room and I couldn't sleep because I kept wanting to get back to the book.  I wanted to read it so bad that I grabbed a blanket and laid it down on the bathroom floor of the hotel room.  I look back at that now and I think, GROSS!  But that's how good the book was.  Scarry!  If you love a thriller, this book is definetely for you.  It will keep you going until the very last page.
6305537321|4.0|This is an Audrey movie, her charisma alone carries the movie-well with her style. She represents the ultimate urban chic that is being  told in almost all fashion books-the huge sun glasses, the trench, black little dress with pearls. Surely, the movie is more than that, a lonely lost woman who feels she does not belong to anywhere and anyone,but still partying and charming men fulltime-very elegantly. That is really outstanding-Holly's pursuing men seems so effortless and carefree, but still persistent. The opening scene is so striking-Audrey having breakfast at Tiffanny's with her party clothes looking at the windows displaying jewellery. However, I found the movie a bit slow paced. I also could not help but think that \\"Sex and the City\\"and the character Carrie (mostly the book)adopted a lot from this movie. This may be the movie starting it all.
B00005ASOI|4.0|The buzz on Italian horror might have really kicked in with Suspiria.  After seeing Fulci and Lenzi movies I was really apprehensive with Argento.  I was pleasantly surprised to see the difference in quality, camerawork, pacing, editing, character development, etc.  It's tough to understand the first time through, and the killings don't look terribly effective (especially the throat-slitting scene) but for the above-mentioned kudos, it's worth sitting through and learning to really enjoy.  The soundtrack is probably the biggest plus, and the opening killings are a real doozy (though the heart should be gushing blood when it's stabbed).  Good induction to Eurohorror; here's hoping Argento can finish his Trilogy (Suspiria, Inferno, and the next yet-to-be-named witch movie).
B000002MFN|5.0|This is a good album, I really do not care if anyone here diagrees! Its where all life begins,  Thats probably my favorite track its sultry dirty and its foreal! everyone likes the feeling when somebady goes down. cannot deny it people, madonna speaks for those claim there still virgin's.. Anyway the bad thing was she put out to many singles, but atleast scored 2 top ten singles #3 erotica #7 deeper and deeper. top 20 #14 rain. Selling over 2.2 million copies in the U.S. nearlly 6 million wwd. not bad for an album that was conciderd a flop. bite your tongues fools.....  thanks
B0000AXE8I|5.0|I loved The Matrix, and i own it on DVD. So when The Matrix Reloaded comes out in theatres, i definitely had to see it. I kind of went with this \\"friend\\" of mine, and she was..let me just say i never saw much of the movie! But anyways, when it came out on DVD, i had to buy it. I did, and was amazed! I can't beleive i missed the giantic breathtaking fight between Neo and 100 Agent Smiths in the theatre!! But i did get to see it, and its like my absolute favorite fight ever. The camera angles are the best, and the moves and MUSIC are THE BEST EVER. The car chase part was also very well done, it reminded me of Bad Boys II. Nobody matches up to Agent Smith, he's the coolest and slyest villian ever. The dance/sex scene in Zion was kind of queer, though. I never expected that part, and it was not like the matrix. <BR>But, as i watched the movie, it began to seem less and less like the matrix. The \\"orgy\\" part was like some kind of semi-porno movie, the neo/smith fight was like a Power Rangers fight, the freeway scene was like Bad Boys II, Morpheus's speech in Zion was like Braveheart, and Neo flying was like freakin' SUPERMAN! Although i must say it was pretty cool. <BR>The DVD special features were great, especially the MTV Movie awards skit that featured Justin Timberlake as himself, Seann William Scott as Agent Smith/Scott and himself, Wanda (from \\"Wanda at Large\\") as the Oracle, Keanu Reeves as Neo, Laurence Fishburne as Morpheus and (drumroll please) WILL FERREL as the architect, who was HILARIOUS! The mini-movie also featured the Keymaker and this crazy hyper cat-in-the-hat guy in the dance at Zion, and i'm not sure who plays him.<BR>But overall, The Matrix Reloaded is quite possibly the best action movie ever, along with Bad Boys II, Die Hard Trilogy, and the rest of em'. I can't wait for Revolutions, but some ***hole on this site, AMAZON, told EVERYONE that read the early reviews of the movie the ending!!! THE ENDING!!! WHY OH WHY OH WHY DID YOU SPOIL IT FOR US???Now i sit here and pray he was just joking..just joking...woosah woosah...hahaha just a little Bad Boys II humour...i think i'm gonna shut up about Bad Boys II, but it is an awesome movie. It comes out in DECEMBER PEOPLE!!! GET OUT YOUR WALLETS!!<BR>Anyways, have fun with The Matrix Reloaded, and....have fun..and trust me you'll agree with me about the fight scene!!! Quite long, but THE BEST!!!
B00009TB5G|5.0|As an avid J.R.R. Tolkien fan and someone who has re-read the trilogy once a year for the past 17 years, I am happy to say that Peter Jackson and his team have successfully taken almost all of the images my imagination had conjured while reading these books and placed them with near perfection into this film.  Even with the changes that were made and that had to be made for a successful transition from book to film, when I watch this movie I feel the same excitement and awe that comes with reading the book.   Not because my imagination has been stolen and re-distributed by Mr. Jackson and company but because the emotion and tone that is carried throughout the novels really shines through.  This is the most import aspect of the Lord of the Rings Trilogy and nitpicking the changes that were made would be a waste of my time.  I couldnt be happier with the way these classics have been treated thus far and I cant wait to see the finale.
B00000DHRZ|4.0|these folks are terrific, in an angsty-angry way.  Not the loud screaming of Disturbed or the sullen anger of Linkin Park, but they're pretty darned good.
B0000AZJXQ|5.0|\\"Thirteenth Step\\" is filled with unbelievable music and is A Perfect Circle's best creation.  The album is filled with emotional and personal lyrics that have meaning in every word.  Maynard James Keenan puts his genius talents to work once again as he captivates the listener and takes them on a remarkable journey through his personal thoughts.  The brilliance of \\"Thirteenth Step\\" is achieved without excessive use of profanity, which most other bands cannot seem to achieve.  The music puts the listener into a state of endless pleasure, which is rarely achieved with most other bands.  An example of this through the song \\"The Outsider\\" which captivates the audience and lets them feel Keenan's personal thoughts as if they were theirs.  This album is absolutely stunning and is absolutely worth a look.
B0000AZJXQ|5.0|\\"Thirteenth Step\\" is filled with unbelievable music and is A Perfect Circle's best creation.  The album is filled with emotional and personal lyrics that have meaning in every word.  Maynard James Keenan puts his genius talents to work once again as he captivates the listener and takes them on a remarkable journey through his personal thoughts.  The brilliance of \\"Thirteenth Step\\" is achieved without excessive use of profanity, which most other bands cannot seem to achieve.  The music puts the listener into a state of endless pleasure, which is rarely achieved with most other bands.  An example of this through the song \\"The Outsider\\" which captivates the audience and lets them feel Keenan's personal thoughts as if they were theirs.  This album is absolutely stunning and is absolutely worth a look.
B00003CX9E|5.0|I certainly agree, Citizen Kane is truly a masterpiece delving into the human psyche and seriously questioning the evolution of our social symbolic into an extraordinarily distorted set of values.  However, i fail to see where such films as Kill Bill fall into the realm of nihilistic.  Could you please explain, maybe our definitions of nihilism are far apart?
B00008972S|5.0|Based strictly on the quality of the music and the choreography, WEST SIDE STORY goes easily on the shortest of short lists of the greatest stage musicals in American history.  The movie version in many ways matches the greatness of the stage production, but falls just short because of some of the decisions that were made in casting, decisions that were perhaps unavoidable in the early 1960s, but which are nonetheless lamentable today.  What an edge the film would possess today if it had actually Hispanics instead of faux ones.<br />The positives unquestionably outweigh the negatives.  From the opening sequences, of spectacular overhead shots of upper Manhattan, to the first shots of the guys dancing on the street, you can tell you are in for something special.  Although not featuring any individual dancers of the quality or charisma of Fred Astaire or Gene Kelly, the film harkens back, almost, to an earlier period of the musical, to Busby Berkeley and his great ensemble dancing.  But this is a completely jazzed up Berkeley, and the dancing possesses an edgy, energetic, hyped up style that had never before been witnessed onscreen.  The music more than matched the exhilaration of the dancing.  Not since the days of George Gershwin had a composer with the classical credibility of Leonard Bernstein cooperated in a stage and then screen production.  The opening dance number, with woodwinds and horns battling out a melody, was unique in its blend of organized chaos, both in terms of orchestra and dancers.  Also a strong point, although he was a newcomer and unknown at the time, was the lyrics of a very young Stephen Sondheim.  He would be involved in bigger and better things in the future, but what a way to break in!<br />Although the highpoint of WEST SIDE STORY was its score and choreography, the songs interspersed through the story are frequently superb, from the great \\"When You're a Jet\\" that opens the film to the incredibly exhilarating \\"America\\" to the gloriously beautiful \\"Somewhere\\" one knows the songs are dramatically above average.  I was never a huge fan of the plot.  Once you have caught on to the ROMEO AND JULIET remake angle, the plot unfolds pretty much as expected.  In fact, I'm not in general a fan of updated remakes of Shakespeare, though there are exceptions (like FORBIDDEN PLANET fascinatingly updating THE TEMPEST, or Kurosawa's reworking MACBETH as THRONE OF BLOOD).<br />The problem with the film lies almost entirely in the casting, most importantly Natalie Wood, but extending to others.  In a film pitting Anglos and Hispanics, and all the Hispanics save one (Rita Morena) portrayed by Caucasian performers, you automatically have half the actors miscast.  I love Natalie Wood, but she is just wrong for this part, and while she does a good job, she just isn't as appropriate as an Hispanic female would have been.  She looks like a white girl with make up smudged on to make her look darker, never like someone who could pass for Puerto Rican.  On top of this, she was not a singer, though she was at least adequate as a dancer.  Marni Nixon was one of the great voiceover artists of her generation, but I still think the film would have been dramatically improved by casting an Hispanic actress who could sing in the lead role.  Richard Beymer is adequate in his role, but, again, they could have cast someone who could actually sing.  Russ Tamblyn's voice was also dubbed, but he was such a spectacular dancer that he could only have been replaced with a loss to the film as a whole.  George Chakiris was spectacular as Bernardo, but, again, it would have been nice to have seen a Puerto Rican in the role.  This is all, I know, wishful thinking conducted in the early 21st century, when ethnics would have been cast in the proper roles, but in 1961, no studios would have taken the chance of casting Hispanics in sympathetic Hispanic roles.  Today, when watching WEST SIDE STORY, the inappropriate casting of people of the wrong ethnicity in central roles stands out like a sore thumb, and the persistent dubbing is grating.<br />Nonetheless, WEST SIDE STORY remains one of the great triumphs of the film musical.  It is entertaining, funny, exciting, and extraordinarily well photographed.  It is also one of the few times where popular entertainment seems to be blurring the line between it and serious art.  The casting decisions lessen the overall impact of the film, but do not keep it from being a success.<br />Interestingly, two of the main actors from the film would later appear, though separately, in TWIN PEAKS, with Richard Beymer (Tony) playing the scheming Benjamin Horne and Russ Tamblyn (Riff) the exceedingly bizarre Dr. Jacoby, the latter looking very much like a somewhat older, bearded version of himself (with bizarre eyeglasses, I think with one red and one yellow lens), while the former is barely recognizable.  Being a huge fan of both the film and the series, they thus have become oddly linked in my mind.city in central roles stands out like a sore thumb, and the persistent dubbing is grating.  <br />Nonetheless, WEST SIDE STORY remains one of the great triumphs of the film musical.  It is entertaining, funny, exciting, and extraordinarily well photographed.  It is also one of the few times where popular entertainment seems to be blurring the line between it and serious art.  The casting decisions lessen the overall impact of the film, but do not keep it from being a success.<br />Interestingly, two of the main actors from the film would later appear, though separately, in TWIN PEAKS, with Richard Beymer (Tony) playing the scheming Benjamin Horne and Russ Tamblyn (Riff) the exceedingly bizarre Dr. Jacoby, the latter looking very much like a somewhat older, bearded version of himself (with bizarre eyeglasses, I think with one red and one yellow lens), while the former is barely recognizable.  Being a huge fan of both the film and the series, they thus have become oddly linked in my mind.
B00006CXXU|4.0|Let me start by saying I'm not into teen music. When the whole boy band, Britney, Christina phenom started, I just saw it as a passing phase. That type of music (if you can call it that) is contrived, commerical and lacks artistic integrity. I was extremely reluctant to purchase Christina's album because she came from that &quot;teen pop&quot; era that doesn't interest me. I couldn't deny the hip-hop and gritty single &quot;Dirrty&quot; although I don't think it should have been the first single. I loved that song but saw the video and thought &quot;this girls has some issues&quot; Then the other singles followed &quot;Fighter&quot; a song of empowerment and then &quot;Beautiful&quot; I broke down and bought the CD.  This CD is very good, I wasn't crazy about all the songs but its definitely a step in a more relavent direction for her. Christina has a strong Whitney meets Mariah voice but she must be credited with the fact that she tries to right her own songs. Her sound is definitely better, but her physical appearance is worse. X-tina as some call her, shows that money or talent has nothing to do with having class, taste or style. I know she's still a very young person but she's got to be kidding herself if she thinks that looking like a hooker/drag queen is going to help her or young girls. It only makes her more of a target and appear desperate to be something, anything than a teen pop idol. Right now she's my favorite vocalist despite how trashy I think she is at the same time.  I recommend this CD because it is soulful, has good messages of overcoming personal struggles and a couple surprises.
0446530891|2.0|David Baldacci used to be a GREAT author, one whose work I would patiently look forward to. After reading his last two books before this one (The Christmas Train and Last Man Standing) I promised myself I would forever skip over any future books from him. I caved in. I gave him one another chance. A stupid move. Very stupid. About as stupid as this book. This book is so incredibly contrived and far-fetched, that I'm insulted that he would think we would buy into it even for a few evening's readings. Save yourself your time. Save yourself your money. But more importantly, save yourself the anger you'll experience after reading this book and realizing you were taken for an idiot. There are far better books out there to spend your time on. Oh, and David: &quot;Never again!&quot;
B000002H8F|5.0|I love this album!  A lot of reviewers state that Bossanova is not as good as Doolittle or Surfer Rosa; I disagree.  It has the signature Pixies sound, but is more accessible.  Since the Pixies are a little &quot;out there&quot; (in a VERY good way), the more pop-oriented sound is a nice balance.  This album fits in my top 10 albums of all time, and I put it ahead of their other releases.  If you are new to the Pixies, you must listen, listen, listen.  They really grow on you, and you will love the sound forever.
B0000C9V3T|5.0|Hats off to this soundtrack.  If you were in the theatre you already know that this soundtrack lined the entire film stirring emotion in every movie goer.  I give it a serious thumbs up.  You will too.
0385484518|5.0|I absolutely loved this book.  It was short, but contained many life lessons.  When Morrie finds out that he is going to die, he gives his last contribution to the world:  the lessons of how to live.  This story, based on a real-life situation, reaches beyond the obvious and into the depths of human emotions.  Morrie talked about subjects many of us fear-one in particular was death itself.  He said, \\"When you learn how to die, you learn how to live.\\"  This was true for Morrie; and so, he shared everything he could with an old student, Mitch Albom, who would later write this book.  <BR> Though out this book, you feel compassion, sorrow, happiness, fear, and numerous other emotions that truly describe our paths of life.  I took to heart many situations and topics as I am sure most readers do.  The key factor of a good book is whether it can draw me into the emotions of the characters.  This book not only did that, but it also forced me to evaluate my own.  Any book that can do that and reach that into the souls of the readers deserves five stars!<BR>CS (OHS)
B00008S2VG|5.0|I must say that before I listened to &quot;American Life&quot;, I wasn't really a Madonna fan. I'd heard and seen her other work, but there wasn't anything that interested me until I saw the video for the single &quot;American Life&quot; on MTV earlier this year. I was really impressed with the message that she was trying to put across, and I realized that I hadn't been into her before because none of her other work seemed to be as powerful and revealing as the &quot;American Life&quot; single was to me. So anyway, I was at Wal-Mart last night and I wanted some new music to listen to, so I took a chance and bought the &quot;American Life&quot; album, hoping that I would like it.<BR>     I certainly do! When I got home and listened to the album, I was blown away. I was so surprised at how good this album is! groovy electronic beats and very personal, introspective lyrics made listening to this album quite a pleasurable experience. To me, Madonna, on this album, has revealed a side of herself that insn't as evident on her previous work, reflecting on serious issues like the disullision she has with Hollywood, her problems with her father, and growing as a person in general. Upon listening to the album, I really felt as if I got to know the true Madonna, and I find it really amazing that she had the guts to be this expressive. My favorite song by far is &quot;Hollywood&quot; and other songs I enjoy the most are &quot;I'm So Stupid&quot;, &quot;Love Profusion&quot;, and &quot;Easy Ride&quot;, since I find those four to be the most revealing, although overall, I like all of the songs. I now totally love Madonna, and look forward to her future work.
B00005JKN9|4.0|I rarely purchase movies , but after seeing this one I had to have it. Beeing a history buff I was greatly impressed by the forgotten history that is portrayed in this movie.(if you think politicians are corrupt NOW,  Boss Tweed practically invented it in America) The added selections on the DVD will be of benefit to those who are interested in the real history of New York in this era. Although DiCaprio is not a favorite actor of mine, he manages to pull this off fairly well. I never stopped thinking that it was Leonardo and not his character, but he does a good job in general. the Real STAR of the movie is Daniel Day-Lewis, he was absolutely amazing. That may be the best acting job I have ever seen on film. <br />The story is very compeling, the action is great (but bloody) and the acting is outstanding (Day-Lewis' portrayal of &quot;Bill the Butcher&quot; does this almost single handedly).  The costumes, scenery and storyline are fabulous. I know Chicago beat this movie for the Oscar, but I would have given &quot;Gangs&quot; my vote.<br />Why 4 stars and not 5?  Two main reasons;  One, is that the &quot;damsel in distress&quot; Cameron Diaz, is nice to look at and she played a good role, but her whole part seemed like she was looking for a place to fit into this story, and never really found it. Secondly, Hollywood screws up the ending- What could have, and should have been a climactic showdown between the characters was inturrupted needlesly by explosions and commotion from the secondary story. I was waiting for a car chase or lasers to appear.  Im saying as little as possible here as to not ruin the ending, but it could have been so much better.<br />It seems like I'm dwelling on the negatives here, but the good far outweighs the bad in this movie.<br />All in all an excellent movie that stays reasonably true to the history.  You will enjoy it.
B000067CPX|1.0|There is very little that is startling about &quot;By the Way&quot;.  It all sounds horribly familiar.  Much as Soundgarden, Chris Cornell, Rage Against the Machine, God where does the list end, &quot;By the Way&quot; bothers me so much because they seem to have all signed some sort of music industry pact to make bland, radio driven crappy music and you idiots just eat it up.
B0000AZJXQ|5.0|Thirteenth step is a whole, perfect musical masterpiece. Every section is delicate and in balance, every song ends set up for the next. <br />The subject matter on APC's first CD seemed varied, but generally concerned romanticism, a very rosy hue. In this second CD, the colour seems to have switched to misty blue-grey, a much sadder tone, much more reminiscent of Tool. Maynard seems to be speaking not of varied people all concerning love (as in the first album), but of one person, &quot;precious&quot;, in varied lights. Every song shows great musicianship and an eloquent display of emotion. Caressing and truthful. A perfect circle.
B0000DDAU9|5.0|I picked up the original copy a while ago, and let me start by saying that this is the freshest sounding music I have heard in a long time.  This CD is definitely worth your money, and I think it is worth your extra cash (I only payed 12 bucks for this version at the Relapse Records store in Philly; some people won't be so lucky) to upgrade if you already own the original. <BR>You would basically be upgrading to a DVD and a bonus track. The bonus track is a cover of Thin Lizzy's Emerald, and this song just plain rocks. One of the greatest covers I have ever heard.  I would gladly hand over 12 bucks just for this track.<BR>Now don't get too excited about the DVD. The quality is not that good, and I hope Mastodon's sound guy was put to death after this show. Troy's vocals are so much louder than the whole band, and when Brent starts singing Workhorse, you cannot hear the vocals at all. Despite the technical problems, it is amazing to see them live, and the DVD is really cool.
B000002JOH|5.0|First of all, this album rocks. I got into this CD when I heard &quot;Hostile&quot; and a friend reccomended Pantera to me. What suprises me more than how heavy and brutal this album was, the fact that so many people gave it a bad review. How can you claim that all the vocals are &quot;obnoxious screams??&quot; Try listening to bands such as Nile or Dying Fetus, and then you can get back to me on that one. Second, people are saying that Dimebag Darrel is &quot;stealing riffs from other songs&quot; and being &quot;unoriginal.&quot; What the hell is that all about? Not only is Dime an excellent guitarist, but all Pantera's material is original and unique sounding. And lastly, one person said that Vinnie Paul was &quot;the worst drummer they have ever heard.&quot; I can't even comprehend this. Well, maybe if your stupid and you think that just because a drummer can rip up on the set and mop the floor with drummers of lesser bands, if that's what you call a horrible drummer than maybe they are right. Anyone who thinks otherwise is just plain stupid, I'd like to see you try to keep up with Vinnie Paul.
B00006LLNU|4.0|Some people complain that this album is boring. Sure some parts may seem like filler but these are there so that when the music takes off the effect is greater. Besides, these guys put on a great live show, so complaints about this relying too much on studio technology are not valid. Another thing, Sigur Ros does not sound anything like Godspeed You Black Emperor or Mogwai. Will you people stop comparing them! I like GYBE but Mogwai is beyond bad. Sigur Ros sounds more like Yes meets Pink Floyd as produced by Brian Eno.
B0000C9V3T|4.0|Classic Quentin Terintino movie, and soundtrack. This goes right with the movie as far as i am conserned. He always finds the right songs, and where to add them to the film. Great soundtrack to add to the collection.
B00007JVBI|5.0|As I write, the &quot;free download&quot; from this disc is &quot;He War&quot; -- a great choice. Hardcore Cat Power fans seldom mention my favorite songs (like &quot;He War&quot; and &quot;Cross Bone Style&quot;); not surprising, since those are the tunes where the mask of fragility that people erect around her image is stripped away to reveal that behind it all is someone who actually knows a few things about rhythm and harmony (and especially about when the break them). <br />I'll wager many of those same hard-core fans are disappointed by this record. After all, it's skillfully made, and demonstrates arranging ability and musicianship. And, most importantly, because she squirms away from the &quot;fragile artist&quot; anti-hype. That's got to annoy some people...
B0000C8AQM|5.0|This is a very good soundtrack. It has an excellent mix of modern rock and classic rock songs.  I really liked the title track by the School of Rock.  It is a great rock song.  Jack Black may not have the best voice, but the kids in the band can really play.  The other song by the School of Rock It's a Long Way To The Top is another good song that highlights these  talented young musicians on individual musical solos.<br />  I enjoyed the classic rock songs especially Sunshine of Your Love by Cream.  It has one of the best opening guitar riffs I have ever heard.  I also enjoyed listening to Edge of Seventeen by Stevie Nicks and Immigrant Song by Led Zeppelin.  I haven't heard these songs in years, and they sound great.  I loved the songs by The Who and The Doors included on this soundtrack too. Heal Me, I'm Heartsick by No Vacancy is a  beautiful rock song that I can listen to over and over.  I hope to hear more from No Vacancy in the future.  The School Of Rock is the one of the best soundtracks of the year.  It has a great mix of old and new songs on it.
B0000A02U2|5.0|This is the ultimate college movie. Some of the best goofy character acting I've ever seen. I can see this one again and again and still laugh like it's the first time i've seen it. That frozen expression and gasping noise that that horse made when it died from the shock of a gun going off was priceless. Buy this dvd the next chance you get.
B00003CY6M|1.0|This movie was awful, don't waste your time!  It looks cute and sounds like a cute idea, but it just drags on and is not funny.
B0000AQVCL|3.0|I haven't heard the entire album yet, thus the mediocre rating, but does anyone else hear Aerosmith?  Classic sound!  If nothing else I'll play this for a heart attack work-out and dream again of being seventeen.  I don't care if it's been done before, this kind of music is FUN and it never goes out of style.
0425098478|5.0|This book has stood the test of time for managers, because it is simple and goes for the jugular, but why manage when you can optimize?  If you want to achieve more than satisfactory results with people and do more than manage situations, if you want to optimize situations and bring out the best in people, read and implement Optimal Thinking by Rosalene Glickman, Ph.D. (John Wiley &amp; Sons, 2002) too.  Both of these books are classics!
B0000AQS6U|5.0|Cher released this last cd of all her greatest hits from all 5 decades of her success, including two songs remixed. The second CD is a recording of her last tour (Living Proof- The Farewell Tour) LIVE, (which can be bought seperately). <br />This CD, being a special edition (and will only be available for a limited time) is a must have for ANY Cher fan. I have the Special Edition, plus a copy of each of the CD's seperately, for Cher is a legend, and her spirit will live on forever.
0316666343|3.0|The book started out fantastic.  Original concept, disturbing and well paced.  Then, after about the first quarter, it meanders around too much.<br />While one reviewer thought that \\"Susie\\" was unreal, I felt it was the little brother's character that was too much like an adult speaking like a 4 year old.<br />The mother's character goes through some believable \\"falls\\", but the writer spends too much time rationalizing and defending her tragic fall from grace.<br />Halfway through, it does come back to a decent pace, and has many moving chapters.<br />Personally, I have no problem with the lack of closure with the killer, and I don't mind what she did on her \\"return trip\\".  It seemed appropriate to me, and fit the story... But... the whole \\"return trip\\" idea itself seemed goofy.  I think this book would have done perfectly fine without the whole mystic Ruth angle.<br />Overall, I did like this book, and suggest reading it (have some tissues ready), but it was not a great book, or a GREAT book, and I am stingy with the stars (c'mon, you'va gotta earn em folks, let's stop giving 5 stars to every decent book you read ;)
0553296981|5.0|ANNE FRANK: THE DIARY OF A YOUNG GIRL is truly an inspirational and motivating account of a young German-Jewish girl who leaves the happiness and tranquility of her childhood life during World War II to go with her family and the Van Daans (the friends of the Franks) into hiding in the \\"Secret Annex\\" in Amsterdam, Holland, after Anne's sister, Margot, is ordered by the German SS to deport to one of the numerous concentration camps in German-dominated Europe. The writer of this diary, Anne Frank herself, gives intricate details of her deepest and innermost thoughts about her own experiences in life as well as about life itself. The reader not only experiences Anne's greatest emotional struggles in the last two years of her life in the Secret Annex, but also her most philosophical insights about the world and humanity. In her diary, Anne tells of the daily hardships that she and the seven other silenced Jews face, from having to life in fear of British and German air raids to having to live in utter silence in order to keep outsiders from discovering their secret. From the first day of Anne's receiving \\"Kitty\\", as Anne calls her diary, to just three days before the German SS storms the Secret Annex to take the Jews on the last train trip to the atrocious Auschwitz concentration camp, the reader falls deeply in love with the courageous, strong-willed Anne Frank. Without a doubt, Anne Frank's diary is one of the most outstanding works ever for informing all deep-thinking readers not only about the cruel life that Jews faced during the Second World War, but also about the most complex thoughts of young girls and the challenges they encounter while growing up into their young adolescent years. This is a highly recommendable, easy-to-read book for any passionate reader.
B0000C0FJB|5.0|At first my feeling was......terrible, now after listening to RIR three or four times i must agree with Matt! This 3 disc set is just what we needed from Rush. Live and very powerful......not the over polished live efforts such as ASOH, its like your right there front row. Best cuts i feel are Earthshine, The Big Money, Secret Touch, 2112, La Villa, Cygnus X-1. Crank it loud and enjoy!!!
B000088E6D|5.0|I heard Michael Buble sing &quot;Kissing a Fool&quot; on the Sharon Osborne show (I was flipping and his voice grabbed my attention.) I was so impressed, I had to get it. I am glad to say that &quot;Kissing a Fool&quot; is not my favorite song, while it's great I like &quot;Fever&quot; and &quot;How can you Mend a Broken Heart&quot; the best. &quot;Sway&quot; and &quot;Crazy Little Thing Called Love&quot; want to make you get up and dance! And &quot;Fever&quot; is fantastic! On the slower note, &quot;That's All&quot; and &quot;How Can You Mend a Broken Heart&quot; make me swoon! His voice is amazing and I love the songs. I know I am going against the grain when I say that I am not a big fan of Frank Sinatra, and I don't particularly care for the covers &quot;Summer Wind&quot; and &quot;Come Fly Away with Me&quot;. A friend who is a Sinatra fan says he prefers Sinatra. Even with those two songs not being my favorites the rest of the CD is so fantastic, I just overlook it. I would highly reccomend this CD. (Which is exactly what I'm doing!) Go and get it. You will not be dissapointed!
076790592X|5.0|This is a heart warming true story of an old dying man, Morrie, and his grown student, the author, friends until the end.  No matter how hard his life became, Morrie gave it his best and showed us the full value of life.  Morrie was truly an Optimal Thinker.  This is one of the most beautiful books you can find on the bookshelf.  I have no hesitation in recommending it.  If you want to learn how to give life your best shot and make the most of every situation as Morrie did, read Optimal Thinking-How To Be Your Best Self too.  These books are classics!
B000092ZYX|5.0|Let me first point out that, if doing a good job with our nation is giving people less jobs, raising health care (poor can't afford medicare), making people scared out of their minds, and killing hundreds of thousands of people for no reason (WMD), then I can't imagine what a bad job is.  Also, I love how your review, Terrence Reardon -from the most racist state in the country- complains about Radiohead complaining in their songs.  Hmm...contradiction?  And how about hating how people compare them to Pink Floyd, then you doing the same?  Your right, they shouldn't be compared to Pink Floyd because they aren't Pink Floyd.  Why do they sound different, and why is there only one singer??? Because they are different.  If they were a mimic of Pink Floyd, that'd not be original.  Now let me give you a history on some other people who have \\"whined\\" \\"blandly\\": Rosa Parks- she \\"whined\\" about not being able to sit in the front of the bus, it's a bus c'mon, right?  Martin Luther King, Jr., The Yankees when wheelding off the English...or how about Mahatma Gandhi?  After all, he did settle the conflict with 2 nations without killing anyone...but who cares about that right?  Just because you, Terrence Reardon, don't care about the problems enforced on other innocent people, doesn't mean that they, or anyone else can stand up and speak out against that immorality.  A good job with our country?  I don't see any hungry getting fed.  I don't see any poor getting jobs.  I don't see any Islamics getting rights (Patriot Act).  I don't see education improving (est. 700 Billion already pumped into the destruction, and recreation of Iraq). I don't see anyone doing anything about it.  What I do see is the hungry go on starving.  The poor loosing their homes.  Islamics getting beaten and thrown in jail for \\"no reason (patriot act)*.  Money being spent on MOAB Bombs so my social security and education is used instead to Kill the Iraqi civilization.  I do, however, see people speaking out against it, and thank God, because this IS how Hitler started his reign.  This music is NOT \\"whiny\\", it is simply stating how ludacrous, ignorant, and blissfully ni&auml;ve people, like yourself Terrence, can be.  America's great, which is why I want to see it stay that way.  Without \\"whiny\\" bands such as Radiohead, R.E.M, Credence Clearwater Revival (Senators Son), Buffalo Springfield, and without \\"whiny\\" people such as Martin Luther King and Rosa Parks...this country wouldn't be the same.  Musically this cd is soulful, powerful and beautiful.nst it, and thank God, because this IS how Hitler started his reign.  This music is NOT \\"whiny\\", it is simply stating how ludacrous, ignorant, and blissfully nive people, like yourself Terrence, can be.  America's great, which is why I want to see it stay that way.  Without \\"whiny\\" bands such as Radiohead, R.E.M, Credence Clearwater Revival (Senators Son), Buffalo Springfield, and without \\"whiny\\" people such as Martin Luther King and Rosa Parks...this country wouldn't be the same.  Musically this cd is soulful, powerful and beautiful.
0312319517|5.0|It is three months before one of America's darkest days.Cal Dexter, a man of many talents, most of them unknown to those who know him, answers a blind ad in an antique aviation magazine. The ad is seeking an Avenger. During WW II Grumman aircraft made such a plane for the Navy. The person who placed the ad is not looking for an aircraft. He is looking for justice. He is looking for the murderer of his grandson.<br />In a story which weaves it's way from the stink hole of Viet Nam to the jungles of South America and the halls of power in Washington, Forsythe spins a tale of intrigue and cunning which culminates on September 10, 2001. In doing so, he imparts much of his wisdom on the events of our times and fashions a first rate read that will hold your interest from the first page to the last.
B000002OZY|5.0|Is it possible that CRANKY can be such a stupid ignorant person??? <br />The Who influenced Oasis for you to know too.<br />Cranky? Your mom is a MAN, believe me too if you believed your friend ;-)  <br />FIVE STARS because THE WHO are great<BR>FIVE STARS because the album is great<BR>&amp; FIVE STARS for stupidicity to Cranky
B00005JKZV|1.0|This movie was CRAP!!!!!!!!!<br />I've tried watching on several occasions, and can't get more than 20 minutes into it.  I know I'll be hazed for this, but not everything can be a gem, look at Star Wars II.  I like Sci-Fi/Fantasy films, but give me something I can follow, or at least believe.<br />I gave this 1 star, because you can't give zero.
B000002P2W|5.0|This is one of my fave albums by the Who and I'm glad to see a lot of people is appreciating it now. Not at his time though, maybe because of not being a rock-opera and being the following new album since the awesome &quot;Quadrophenia&quot;, which followed &quot;Who's Next&quot; (originally attempted to be Lifehouse) and before that &quot;Tommy&quot;. <br />This album just includes a collection of songs. Simple ones too.<BR>But the songwriting keeps being as great as always was.<BR>John Entwistle gave to the Who the great &quot;Success Story&quot;. &quot;Imagine a man&quot; and &quot;Blue, red &amp; grey&quot; are delightful and charming melodies. &quot;Slip kid&quot; a great opener. &quot;Squeeze box&quot;, a catchy tune and fun song. &quot;How Many Friends&quot; sounds like a song that was an outtake from Quadrophenia, and here it's included one of Townshend finest song too, &quot;Dreaming From The Waist&quot;. My fave song of the album and one of my fave ever.<br />I love the bonus tracks, though it lets you asking for more!!!!<BR>I hope for a CD of that Swansea concert to be released someday soon... or like Who's Next, a Special Edition of &quot;The Who by Numbers&quot; with a second CD LIVE SWANSEA 1976 ;-) <br />For those who haven't heard this album, my advice: Buy it, Enjoy it, Love it.
B00007ELEL|5.0|This is one funny movie....I mean really funny.....as in unforgetabley funny!! This is the finest of all the movies the Cohen Brothers made. Jeff Bridges becomes Jeff Lebowski, a burn-out pot-head from the 70's. His favorite name is The Dude or The Duder or El Duda-Reno if you're not into that whole brevity thing. The Dude is an unemployed, unmotivated and unapologetic loafer who wants nothing more than to bowl, drink White Russians and smoke a jay now and then. The Duder opens the movie by writing out a personal check for sixty-nine cents to pay for a quart of Half &amp; Half. Unfortunately, he gets involved in a kidnapping (due to mistaken identity) that involves nihlists, pornographers, a rich crippl......er......disabled person, a dunce of a kid, and even a beautiful avant-garde artist played by Julianne Moore. Jeffery Lebowski could not have been portrayed by anyone except Jeff Bridges who absolutely nailed the role. John Goodman provides an outstanding supporting role as the funny but believeable character, Walter. In fact the acting from the whole cast is absolutely first rate and the comedic timing is right on. The music ain't bad either. This DVD is heavily discounted despite the fact it's an outstanding movie, a black comedy classic on a par with Pulp Fiction and beyond. I can only hope the low price encourages more people to buy and watch it.
B000002OZY|5.0|Is it possible that CRANKY can be such a stupid ignorant person??? <br />The Who influenced Oasis for you to know too.<br />Cranky? Your mom is a MAN, believe me too if you believed your friend ;-)  <br />The idiot Cranky rated TOMMY &quot; 1 star &quot; 'cos of his own mistake... that says it all.<br />FIVE STARS because THE WHO are great<BR>FIVE STARS because the album is great<BR>&amp; FIVE STARS for stupidicity to Cranky
0783227272|5.0|Director Steven Spielberg<br />Writer David Franzoni<br />Stars Morgan Freeman, Nigel Hawthorne, Anthony Hopkins, Djimon Hounsou, Matthew McConaughey, David Paymer, Pete Postlethwaite, Stellan Skarsgard, Razaaq Adoti, Abu Bakaar Fofanah, Anna Paquin, Tomas Milian, Ralph Brown, Peter Firth, Jeremy Northam, Arliss Howard, Pedro Armendariz, Jerry Molen<br />Running time 152 minutes<BR> <BR>Release Year 1998 <br />Amistad is set in the 1830s and tells the true story of Africans shackled and taken from their homes and forced on to the Spanish slave ship Amistad.  There they are beaten, starved and some are thrown into the ocean, chained together and left to drown.  The inhumane conditions on the ship are un-imaginable to anyone viewing this film. Eventually, the Africans take over the ship by killing the crew and forcing the Captain to route them back to Africa, so they thought.  Eventually the Captain routes the ship toward America, where American coastguards board the ship and take them to America for trial for murder.  A local abolitionists, played by Morgan Freeman, teams with a real-estate attorney, played by Matthew McConaughey, to help them fight for their freedom.<br />Political problems are against them at every turn with President Van Buren, played by Nigel Hawthorne, campaigning for re-election by being pro-slavery and a civil war riding on the case's verdict.  The President plays his political hand and the trial looks to be doomed until the team convinces ex-President John Quincy Adams, played by Anthony Hopkins, to help them take on the Supreme Court to help win the freedom of these 50 Africans and maintain humanity among mankind.  <br />Since it is based on a truestory, this movie is great for those who love history or those who are studying slavery, the law or civil war.
B00006ZCFH|4.0|Man, I really miss the days when an artist could jus' drop a EP with a brief but strong set'a songs to give they audience a preview'a what they were experimentin' with in the studio.  It don' necessarily hafta have any rhyme or reason or be grounded in one concept, but it jus' gotta keep your head ringin'.  I figure the only hope for the savior of musical substance these days are people like Ms. Badu; artists who challenge our ears an' interests an' who get back to organice, dirrty dirrty soul music.  S'like back in the '70s when people like Isaac Hayes an' Stevie Wonder were pushin' the boundaries of their categories, thas' 'zackly what Erykah doin' here.  I don' blame some'a the half-hearted attempts by others to put this down, 'cause it might not make sense to some yet, even the die hards.  But she did thangs right here, fa'real.<br />These is jus' some GROOVES ri'chere; heavily instrumental. lotta non-sensical mumblings an' thangs, driftin' from the  dreamlike 'Bump It' where she gets down on some jive-ass slang to the light an' free-spirited 'Back in the Day (Puff)' an' the puzzling but enthralling 10-minute-plus 'I Want You'.  There's a bad-a$$ funky a$$ jam on here called 'Danger'; bringin' out a harder Mama's Gun-era flava.  But my favorite song though is 'Think Twice', the joint with Roy Hargrove; I can get lost in this groove for days an' days.<br />This brief ten-track EP is not quite on the level of instant classic as her other albums, but is' a nice taster of how she's hopefully bringin' it on her next full-length.  An' is' a hundred times better than all the other bullcrap you're gon' find on R&amp;B an' urban radio.  Erykah done kept me entrenched in '70s soul music by pregressin' it where it SHOULD've gone over the years 'stead'a dissolving into banal unintelligible an' damn near unbearavle trite that it is.  This is some ghettofied deep dirrty South soul music.  Fa'real.
B0000028SU|5.0|As Bruce Springsteen grew in stature and fame, touching audiences who were not content to bob their heads to vacuous pop pap, he seared hearts with cautionary and familiar tales of the dark desperation in our lives that drags us all down and the admonishment to believe it didn't have to be that way.  To rise above the Badlands of our births, to pull ourselves away from the flow of fate and find the promised land of our dreams.  He said, I know you, I love you, and I respect you.  You are all my people and I believe in you like you believe in me.  Don't give up, don't surrender.  Join together, even if it's just two or three of you, and make a courageous stand.  Take the risk of believing in your self in the face of all the darkness that says you can't and the whisper in your own soul that says it's too late.<BR>Yet the emptiness can't be overcome alone.  There comes a day when solitude confines and the heart seeks a connection that can only come from the greatest risk, to accept the love of another and vow to make a great life together.  A day when all those sweet songs of yesterday have to stop playing in our head and reality must finally be faced once and for all.  Bruce loved and lost, married a dream girl, and lost her quickly. He was left wondering if he had been nothing but a gilded sham.  On the cusp of middle-age, was he really able to offer the world anything more of substance if he couldn't even build a genuine intimate life with one person?  He had explored the darkness for many years and realized that the old saying was true:  stare into the abyss too long and the abyss stares back into you.  Only real love could keep him from falling in, once again.  And that kind of love that would require all the things he had been singing about for 25 years:  courage, faith, humility, and hard work, built from the ground up on a foundation of belief in one's self.  It would put all his beliefs on trial.<BR>A gypsy girl running from her own set of pain fell into his life, a gift that none of his millions could buy, nor keep.  All that he was still fleeing from would have to be dealt with; all that he wanted to run to was waiting as his reward.  Only his willingness to put himself second, to make a stand for love, and to finally put faith and hope to the test, would keep this love, and his spirit, alive.  No more running away, the tramps are coming home.<BR>With this album, Bruce celebrates the price and the reward of real love, and the blessings that follow.  It is not all sunshine, but it was his happiest album (and much to my and Bruce's consternation, sold much less than his blockbusters of the 70's &amp; 80's).  It has the joyful affirmation that deep love brings to life, and the resolute satisfaction from understanding the secret to a good life is to make your own as good as it can be and make someone else's even better.<BR>A few months after Lucky Town was released, with his parents in attendance, Bruce took the mike and told his audience, \\"my Dad's always tellin' me, `why don't you ever write any happy music?' Well, Dad,\\" he said grinning up at old Doug, \\"I wrote a whole album of `happy music' and it's only selling about half as much!!\\"  He then proceeded to play with power, delight, and happy abandon that even the old diehards from the Asbury Park days said they had rarely ever seen.  High in the seats, Douglas Springsteen's beaming smile poured down on the stage like a cleansing rain.<BR>As with all of Springsteen's albums, the theme of Lucky Town reflects the notion that with courage and simple determination, you can change your life for the better.  You can't change where you came from (that's the only big Lucky chance we're likely to get in life, and that's unchanging and farther away every day).  You can't undo most of what you have done.  But you can change who you are and where you are going, starting with your attitude and your heart.  This album is often derided as one of Bruce's most &quot;lightweight&quot; efforts, nowhere near the stature of &quot;Darkness&quot; or &quot;Born To Run&quot; or even &quot;Born In The USA&quot;.  I love those albums deeply but find Lucky Town to be on a par because of the optimism that follows his previous darkness.  many aren't ready to hear that message, perhaps, and find it hard to accept.  By the time Bruce was nearly 40, he was finding himself rich beyond his wildest dreams, loved by millions, yet divorced and lonely.  How could he be so unfulfilled?  When a new love (his 2nd and present wife Patty, mother of his three children) entered his life he realized he had another Lucky chance to recreate himself for the better. Few will ever reach his fame and fortune but many will find chances for redemption, as he did.  To make that chance work requires a transformation.  Self-doubt and self-pity must be replaced by hope.  Cameron Crowe, writer, Springsteen fan and director of the incredible movie, \\"Say Anything...\\"; and John Cusack, the star (and another Springsteen fan), use the line, \\"Optimism as a revolutionary act,\\" referring to how the courageous positive attitude of even one person can change the lives of everyone around him, and to himself. In so many ways, to our hearts, the world does indeed revolve around us. We need a revolution to change ourselves, our friends, our Town, our world.  A revolution of one, a revolution of hope. There is nothing Lucky about it. (By Ken Malcomson)
B000002GHH|5.0|I recently saw John in concert for the eighth time and I cannot believe this man is not more popular.  This is his greatest CD and one of the best of all time.  Buy it.  There isn't a bad song on the entire CD- Memphis in the meantime, thing called love, your dad did, lipstick sunset, tip of my tongue, have a little faith - do yourself a favor, buy this CD.  You won't regret it.  Trust me.
B00008EY9G|4.0|Public service announcement:  If you haven't seen this movie yet, do not read the review below entitled &quot;Seems interesting, IT'S NOT WHAT YOU THINK&quot; as the mental midget who wrote it exposes the twist and gives away the ending.  What a moron! <br /> By the way, the film isn't bad, but not great.  Not as mind-bending as Memento or Usual Suspects, but better than many so-called thrillers floating around out there.  As mentioned above though, the film does fail Psychology 101.
B000092ZYX|4.0|Wow! that last review, seemed like someone just clamoring to show how ignorant they are. Figures it's a right wing Bushie. I'm not even a big Radiohead fan per se, but you really have to be pretty shallow not to at least recognize true talent even if it's not your cup of tea. Radiohead impresses me, even when I don't particlarly love what they're doing, with their spirit of exploration and taking chances instead of just repeating the formula to past success. Wish there were more bands like that... and BTW, a great title!
B000063DI9|5.0|This is vintage Maiden..their best album, the production is awesome so is Bruce Voice and the musical arrangement out of this world.If you're new to Iron Maiden..start here!!!!
B00005A46T|1.0|I'd have to say that Slipknot, doesnt even deserve the right of being called metal, they are probably the worst band i have ever heard, yes, i am trying to offend slipknot fans, because they need to get off their ass's and look for real metal, i mean this cd sound like it's a bunch of 6th graders with some garbage cans, and sticks, and a god damn stick with strings on it,and the singer, sounds like he has something in his ass, honestly people, if you like slipknot, then you need to go jump off a cliff, or run into the street and get slammed by a semi. If you want real metal, listen to bands like At The Gates, Bathory, Thyrfing, or Windir, Dissection, Mithotyn, Avenged Sevenfold, Opeth, whatever. LOL even Mayhem is a better band than slipcock, hah which is pretty sad. Im not sorry if i offended anyone because you need to realize that the crap your listening to sucks ASS. lol
B000059XUO|4.0|I never saw this originally in '94 because I dismissed it as A. a martial arts film (and I hate those) and B. adapted from a comic (and I just can't get into those) and C. aimed at a teen/goth/punk audience (and I am way too old for that). What a mistake! Finally almost ten years on, a friend heard me say I really liked Alex Proyas' DARK CITY -- a neat sci fi film with a very different story but the same kind of dark fantasy look -- and couldn't believe I had never seen THE CROW and made me watch it.<br />I have to say that I really think this is a fine, well made movie and none of my preconceptions were remotely correct. The art direction is brilliant, with a wonderful and creepy gothic fantasy look, almost but not quite black-and-white, set in a mysteriously surreal &quot;Detroit&quot; that is in some kind of alternate universe from the real Motown. Brandon Lee is really charismatic and haunting in the role of Eric Draven, and not merely because of the tragic incident surrounding the film. He was real star material and just totally inhabits this part.<br />After seeing the film, I did read the O'Barr comic, which is very sincere and heartfelt, but I think the filmakers -- in what is a pretty rare event -- IMPROVED the plot and characters while keeping all of the angst and atmosphere. They totally honored the character of Eric and the basic idea of the avenger, the memories of his beautiful girlfriend, and sense of overwhelming grief that inhabits the graphic novel. Where they impoved the storyline in cinematic terms is in the treatment of the minor characters and villians. They really fleshed them out, and it enriches the movie and balances the storyline well.<br />Bookending the film with quotes from Sarah (Rochelle Davis), the little girl who narrates and observes much of the story is an example of a good idea that doesn't really exist in the comic, where the little girl is called Sherri and only appears briefly. Even more so is the expansion of the character ofTop Dollar, who again is a minor episode in the comic and more of a grubby hell's angel/drug dealer -- in the film he has been  transformed into a complex and compelling crimelord. Michael Wincott is simply amazing in this part, playing Top Dollar as a kind of depraved, satanic, renaissance prince, and clearly having a great deal of fun with this role, especially some wonderful and very clever dialogue. The very, very sick but quite sincere love story between Top Dollar and his psychic half-sister is the reversed-mirror image of the pure and innocent love of Eric and his fiance, a clever idea.<br />Wonderful music, great visuals, terrific acting...The Crow should NOT be missed.<br />NOTE: I bought the &quot;Collector's DVD&quot;. Don't bother. There is NOTHING worth looking at on the second DVD, some production sketches and posters, nothing special. The director's commentary (on the first disk) is interesting to listen to ONCE, but you can get that on the single disk DVD. There is a smattering of extra footage, but nothing you will miss. Save some bucks and just get the one disk wide screen version.
B000002HRE|5.0|fuel,the memeory remains,devils dance,<BR>the unforgiven II,better than you,<BR>carpe diem baby,where the wild things are,<BR>fixxxer, are the songs with five stars...<br />it would be unfairto danigrate this cd.<BR>%99 of new groups can not even make a song like the <BR>songs that is listed on the top.
B0000C0FJB|5.0|this album is beautifully mixed buy it, i would suggest not listening to any rantings by very disgruntled so called wannabe musicians such as &quot;one for us old folks&quot;, still it is amazing to hear someone talk about so much of what they know about nothing.  coming from another musicians perspective, dont listen to anyone who has to vent there non creative personal issues in the form of attacks directed at real musicians.
B00005ASOI|5.0|** Contains Some Spoilers **<br /><br />A beautiful American Ballet student goes to Germany to attend a prestigious dance academy. Upon her arrival, one of the students is brutally murdered (in what I crown as one of the loveliest murder sequences ever filmed), maggots drip from the academy's ceilings, and man's best friend, a seeing eye dog and companion to the resident (blind) pianist, falls under diabolical influence. The beautifully maintained dance academy is actually more than it appears to be. Hiding within its walls is an evil waiting to destroy anyone who dares to investigate its secrets.<br /><br />I always wondered what all the fuss over this particular film was about. Even as a teenager, I knew of its reputation and I desperately wanted to see it but it was hardly ever on network television and when it was, it usually aired during the frightful hours after midnight. Now, after many years, I finally got the chance to purchase it on DVD. The praise is well deserved and I agree with many who have described this movie as the closest we have to an actual nightmare on film. There is something mystical about this film. Something I can't really pin point. Is it the artfully decorated set designs (freeze frame several shots in this film and what you have before you looks almost like a surreal, abstract oil painting- more on this later)? Is it the cast of lovely leading ladies? Is it the mysterious and enigmatic storyline? The chilling score that permeates throughout the film and crescendos with a wickedly sinister voice shouting \\"WITCH\\" as the tension builds? I guess it's all of these and more.<br /><br />As already mentioned, almost every single frame in the film looks like a painting, a rich oil painting with vibrant and vivid colours. Even if you were to pause any frame in the film, most likely, you will be greeted with a sumptuous visual - the angle, the hypnotizing colours, the abstract sets, the actors, all mesh together and create a nightmarish scene lifted from one of your nightmares. From the dated and psychedelic wall paper to the twisted staircase to the main characters posing gracefully in front of the camera. Never has a horror movie looked more beautiful. Even some of the carefully executed murder sequences (despite its grotesqueness) are lovely to look at. The opening scene is probably the best example of this. When the victim is screaming for her life and as she is unmercifully stabbed repeatedly, the colours that permeate the scene, the red, yellow and blue hues, give it an illusion of surrealism, as if the murder is happening in another reality. Even the close up of a beating heart that is punctured and wounded, the colours stand out and with the haunting score, beating in the background, combine to create an epic scene of torture, gore and rare in a horror film, beauty. Another fantastic scene, involves Harper walking cautiously towards one of the ballet practice rooms and as she walks, alone, a sinister character and an equally sinister child, stare at her, as if plaguing her with a curse, and at just the right time, you hear that sinister voice (\\"WITCH\\") as light reflects off some sharp object the sinister granny is polishing off and the end result is an effectively brilliant scene that is enhanced by the great and chilling score. There are long gaps between murder sequences, and many may lose interest, especially considering the plot is rather thin and Argento leaves it up to his sumptuous visuals, and our imagination to fill in the gaps. Also the characters, as charming as they may be, are a little too nave and act younger than their years. At times, they are way too immature. It has been stated that the original script used young, pre-teen girls as the characters and this was later changed (I guess due to the grisly nature of the film) to young women but the dialogue was not modified which helps to explain the child-like behavior of some of the characters. Another aspect of the film that many may find grating is the dubbing and accents. Minor issues with an overall compelling piece of cinema.<br /><br />This is Argento at his best. He previous film, which many consider another Argento masterpiece was the over-long but effective \\"Deep Red\\", and he followed \\"Suspiria\\" with what was supposed to be its sequel \\"Inferno\\". Although it is inferior, the trademark style is abundant and despite what many consider a confusing story line, is a good supernatural horror film. Argento would continue to make solid, surrealistic pieces throughout the 80's and peak with 1987's \\"Opera\\". Unfortunately, he would never again achieve this level of greatness but at least he has this masterpiece to call his own.<br /><br />Argento take a bow. This is an absolutely bone-chilling, haunting and unforgettable excursion into the world of witchcraft and the beyond. A classic film that rightfully deserves its place as one of horror's true classics and a masterpiece of the genre. They don't make horror movies like this anymore which is an absolute shame.<br /><br />Highly Recommended.ind grating is the dubbing and accents. Minor issues with an overall compelling piece of cinema.<br /><br />This is Argento at his best. He previous film, which many consider another Argento masterpiece was the over-long but effective \\"Deep Red\\", and he followed \\"Suspiria\\" with what was supposed to be its sequel \\"Inferno\\". Although it is inferior, the trademark style is abundant and despite what many consider a confusing story line, is a good supernatural horror film. Argento would continue to make solid, surrealistic pieces throughout the 80's and peak with 1987's \\"Opera\\". Unfortunately, he would never again achieve this level of greatness but at least he has this masterpiece to call his own.<br /><br />Argento take a bow. This is an absolutely bone-chilling, haunting and unforgettable excursion into the world of witchcraft and the beyond. A classic film that rightfully deserves its place as one of horror's true classics and a masterpiece of the genre. They don't make horror movies like this anymore which is an absolute shame.<br /><br />Highly Recommended.
B00005NKKZ|4.0|Unlike many people, I don't consider this to be their best album, that honor definitely goes to PARSLEY, SAGE, ROSEMARY AND THYME.  But this album still has it's excellent moments.<BR>The title track is, no questions asked, the greatest ballad ever written.  Small wonder that it was copied by everyone from Elvis to Aretha Franklin.  Garfunkel sings with such passion and desperation that it never ceases to take my breath away.  \\"When you're weary, feeling small...When tears are in your eyes, I will dry them all\\".  If you're feeling down, just put on this song and feel all of your troubles drifting away.<BR>\\"El Condor Pasa (If I Could)\\" is also stunning, and very haunting.  That flute playing (if it's a flute) is utterly hypnotic.  And listen to the way Art sings \\"Away, I'd rather sail awaaaayyyyy\\".  God, is that beautiful or what?  \\"Keep The Customer Satisfied\\" and \\"Baby Driver\\" are both awesome, upbeat rockers that should be played loud.  I love 'em both to death.  \\"So Long, Frank Lloyd Wright\\" is a touching tribute from Art to Paul, as a way of saying goodbye to his brilliant colleague.  And \\"The Only Living Boy In New York\\" is a tribute from Paul to Art, I guess he thought that he should return the favor!<BR>But the rest of the songs are pretty lame.  \\"Cecilia\\", \\"Why Don't You Write Me\\" and \\"Song For The Asking\\" are all boring, and far from the usually grandiose music that the boys made.  And I never saw the big deal about \\"The Boxer\\".  People rant and rave about it like it's a masterpiece or something, but I was rather disappointed when I first heard it.  Sounds mediocre to me.  And their cover of the Everly Brothers' \\"Bye Bye Love\\" is just alright.  But the good songs more than make up for the bad ones, believe me.  The title track is a celestial piece of work that will leave you speechless.<br />Oh, and the alternate version of \\"Bridge\\" is even better, if you ask me.  It doesn't feature the orchestra and the weird percussion sound that ruined the original version.
6305841861|3.0|Not really a sequel. \\"Evil Dean 2: Dead by Dawn\\" is just a remake of the original with better effects, better picture and sound.<br /><br />Ash (Bruce Campbell) and his girlfriend accidentally stumble upon a voice recording that voices passages from \\"The Book of the Dead\\", unleashing ferocious forest demons that pretty much possess anyone in sight. There is a lot of senseless violence, over-the-top gore (and acting) and an absolutely ridiculous climax.<br /><br />A completely over-rated, pointless (it is not a sequel but a remake of the original) and utterly annoying movie (far too much slapstick humour). I must admit, I really liked the original because, although it was a much lower-budgeted production, it was genuinely scary in parts, the rape scene is still shocking even after all of these years. The sequel is as scary as an episode of \\"The Muppet Show\\". However let me point out the films good points. As previously mentioned, this film has a much higher budget than it's predecessor and it's evident in the effects (which may please some) but sometimes bigger is not always better. The original had excellent and frightening make-up effects and used, sometimes, unsuccessfully, claymation effects that were somewhat creative. The demons in \\"Evil Dead 2\\" look rubbery and fake. Bruce Campbell's performance is pretty much the only reason I recommend the film. He is a great performer and some of his slapstick routines and facial expressions are extraordinary- especially during the \\"possessed\\" hand sequence. But like many reviewers pointed out, this film is more of a comedy than a horror piece. A comedy with buckets of blood and ooze thrown in.<br /><br />So for true horror movie fans, if you want some genuine chills, skip this one and view the original. Despite the budget restraints, it's a much more effective and satisfying shocker. The only genuine emotions that will be aroused by this film is genuine disappointment. Not only for wasting your time watching it but also for wasting your heard earned cash buying it.<br /><br />NOTE: I originally wrote this review a decade ago in 2003- it is now 2013, and I must have been having a really bad hair day or maybe I had not had my morning coffee, or maybe I was just being a bitter fool, ... just trying to explain the horrible review I gave this film. Although I still think it is a tad over-rated, I do not think it is the horrible mess from my original review so I have revised my rating from 1 star to 3.5 since I have re-watched this film, a lot, and have grown quite fond of it. Taste's change I guess... but my low opinion of \\"Phantasm\\"? Well that still stands. Cheers.r wasting your heard earned cash buying it.<br /><br />NOTE: I originally wrote this review a decade ago in 2003- it is now 2013, and I must have been having a really bad hair day or maybe I had not had my morning coffee, or maybe I was just being a bitter fool, ... just trying to explain the horrible review I gave this film. Although I still think it is a tad over-rated, I do not think it is the horrible mess from my original review so I have revised my rating from 1 star to 3.5 since I have re-watched this film, a lot, and have grown quite fond of it. Taste's change I guess... but my low opinion of \\"Phantasm\\"? Well that still stands. Cheers.
B00008H2LB|5.0|Careful not to distance themselves too far from their immensely successful debut, &quot;Hybrid Theory,&quot; Linkin Park takes what made them so popular in the first place and ups the ante with their second album, &quot;Meteora.&quot;<br />Linkin Park is basically a Nine Inch Nails Jr. without the creepiness and dark tones that Trent Reznor displayed so elegantly. Linkin Park can be dark, but not dark enough to make them be like NIN. Chester Bennington's piercing screams and soaring vocals shine, and sometimes they can make the song a totally different element from what their string of hits show (&quot;Hit The Floor&quot; and &quot;Faint&quot; show this very well, with energy so tight and strong, you'll feel as it you're in a wrestling ring, about to get the smackdown from the Rock). Sometimes, the band goes and does the exact opposite and practically does ballads, with lovely songs like &quot;Easier To Run&quot; and &quot;Breaking The Habit,&quot; the former an anthemic breeze and the latter a quiet, haunting song that has been in the works for years, according to Mike Shinoda, the band's MC.<br />While there are more elements of hip-hop and electronic, the guitars seem to be turned up a little more this time around, too, with glass-shattering songs like &quot;Lying From You&quot; and &quot;Nobody's Listening.&quot; Sure, some filler nestles in (the instumental &quot;Session&quot; seems to grind everything to a halt), but foruntately, the powerhouse, earthquaking opener &quot;Don't Stay&quot; bursts through the gates only to quiet down to a beautiful transcendence with &quot;Numb&quot; at the end.<br />Nothing mind-bending here, but for a band that had a debut album that sold millions, a big change could have meant some trouble. Linkin Park won't be like this forever; they'll slowly develop into a band that will show their depth in years to come. With refreshing raps that show actual human emotion instead of ego, and lyrics that stress the pain for all of us, for whoever we are, Linkin Park is a different kind of rap/metal band -- they're a rap/metal band that can show us they're no joke and that they care about music and about their message. No pity, no self-loathing, which is nice to see in this day and age of &quot;poor me&quot; lyricism.<br />If you're a true metal fan, you will probably pass on &quot;Meteora,&quot; since it is a little polished, but if you're a general hard rock fan, this will definetely be your fix. And it goes without saying that if you liked Linkin Park the first time around, then you'll like this, unless you can't handle the pain.
B00004S6GL|5.0|This notion that a folk singer must always sing soft acoustic, gentle, sad sounds, annoys me to no end.  This is a brilliant album.  Maybe it doesn't stand up to the monumental Either/Or, but it's strong.  It's original, daring, and lovingly produced.  <BR>To condemn this album based solely on it not being acoustic and slow, is idiotic and narrow-minded.  <br />You won't hear many albums like this.  Making an album rich in sounds and in heart and feeling is the trickiest thing to do in music.  It's always a balancing act between production and feeling.  And I think Smith nailed a perfect pitch througout this album.  <br />If you have an open mind, listen to the album.  If you don't, please just ignore it and stick to the old stuff.  But doing so, you aren't seeing the whole picture of what Elliott Smith was.
B0000C8AVR|5.0|How the hell rate this album 4 starts?<BR>Are You Crazy?
B00003CX95|5.0|The story, the action, the scenery! And Mel Gibson kicks mediEVIL British ass.
0156027321|3.0|The majority of the book depicts a single strand of thought of a 16-year-old Indian boy name Pi, lover of animals and lover of religions, who seeks to survive on a lifeboat alongside a Bengal tiger on the Pacific Ocean. Pi's narrative is full of detailed information (on animal behaviorism and skills of survival), humor (Pi is ultimately optimistic in the sense that he is capable of laughing at himself under such hardship), graphical violence (depictions of slaughtering dorados, fly-fish, turtles, etc for food; a hyena devouring a zebra live), and most of all, warmth (he never loses his faith for his multiple gods; he builds up a companionship with the tiger, Richard Parker). The narrative is thus very much engaging. Yet the lack of substance beyond what is depicted holds the book back from being a truly great novel. What you read is pretty much all that you get.
B00001MXXG|5.0|Matthew Broderick breaks into the business fabulously. A comedy AND a chase movie, what else can you ask for?
B0000DZEE3|5.0|I was at slane on August 23rd 2003 and saw one of the most amazing shows ever. This DVD manages to capture the atmosphere of that day and really sums up that the Red Hot Chili Peppers are the greatest band on Earth. If you were there or if you weren't there get this DVD and see for yourself that this show was truly spectacular and showed a great band at their very best. You will never tire of this concert.
B000093BDX|5.0|Many reviews focus on the plethora of best-of compilations that have been foisted on the record-buying public.  And they make a valid point.  However, don't let that obscure the fact that this is the best single-disc collection of Beach Boys music currently available.  [And with many stores selling it at $10 or less, it's far and away the best bargain as well!]<br />This album has 30 of their 33 Top 40 hits.  The only missing singles are 1965's non-LP single &quot;The Little Girl I Once Knew,&quot; 1966's &quot;Caroline No&quot; from PET SOUNDS, and 1976's &quot;It's O.K.&quot; from 15 BIG ONES.  With a running time of 75:58, it's unforgivable that at least one of these songs wasn't also added, but there was no way you could include them all.<br />The only problem I have with the CD is its sequencing. &quot;California Girls&quot; is a classic Beach Boys song and a great lead-off track, but it was their 15th hit, not their first.  And while &quot;Good Vibrations&quot; is unquestionably their crowning achievement and closes the album on a high note, elsewhere it's a bit awkward to go from a by-the-book cover of &quot;Rock and Roll Music&quot; from 1976 and then follow it up with a trio of tracks from their classic mid-Sixties period.<br />With that kvetching aside, this is a very enjoyable collection.  The 20-page booklet has some terrific photos and serviceable liner notes.  The CD has the original yellow-and-orange 45 rpm label.  And the music has never sounded better.  ESSENTIAL
B00000ILDF|4.0|This is one movie worthy of carrying on the Alien movies.  One thing I really disliked about this movie was how long it took for a stable plot line to be introduced. In the other 3, a plot line is introduced fairly quickly (even if it is just staying alive long enough to kill the Alien).<BR>  My absolute favorite part of the movie is the ending. Although they manage to resurrect Ripley in #4, the &quot;birth&quot; of her &quot;child&quot; is definetely my favorite ending of any movie I have seen yet. I have seen other movies with good endings (The Matrix, T3), but the way the way the music, effects and acting all combine at the &quot;birth&quot; just is INCREDIBLE.<BR>  Note: The rest of this movie is quite good and I like it, but it is the ending which makes the entire movie worthwhile for me.
B00000IN5G|5.0|This is one of the best Children of Bodoms albums, the songs fast and heavy and still having the great melodies COB is known for!<br />Check out Silent Night Bodom Night, Towards Dead End, and Children of Bodom! \m/
B00006EXL5|1.0|Another crummy emo band that whines instead of rocks.  What is going on with music these days?!  This isn't rock n roll.  Full of phoney &quot;bats and bullets&quot; schtick, juvenile lyrics, songs only 14 year olds would think are deep.  Another band displaying their goodwill-gotten t-shirts to impress the other scenesters.  This cd is off to the &quot;to sell&quot; pile!
B00003CXUM|4.0|This is one of the most beautiful film ever made. It tells the story of how two people's lives became somewhat entangled after discovering that their spouses were cheating on them with each other. There is nothing new about this in movies BUT the way the story was told is what made it so memorable. It unfurled at a slow and easy pace with soundtrack that matched the mood perfectly. The secret glances and silent stares that said everything yet nothing all left viewer with a case longing for weeks and weeks.
B00009APK1|5.0|Wonderful movie. Fast-paced, adventurous. Better than the first. There's just one thing that bothers me--where are the black actors? Come on, Mr. Jackson, you couldn't hire not one black actor and I don't mean one in costume. So many extras and NOT one black actor.  It's so obvious and worse, it's disturbing.
B000002AE3|4.0|Premier album enregistr avec Simon Phillips et co-produit par Elliot Scheiner ( Steely Dan, The Eagles ).<BR>TAMBU laisse une grande place  l'criture plus qu'  la performance musicale, ce qui rend l'album plus proche de ce qu'ils faisaient  leur dbuts.<BR>Cet album, comme tous ceux qui ont suivit &quot; TOTO IV &quot; , a un formidable succs en Europe et au Japon.<BR>Jenny D. McRae et John James font leur apparition.<BR>Il marque le renouveau du groupe, ainsi qu'un retour aux sources avec l'alternance de slows, et de morceaux rocks...<BR>Best : I Will Remember, If you belong to me, The Turning point, Gift of Faith, The Road Goes on.<BR>Plus d'info sur : [...]
B00005ONMP|5.0|At this price, this box-set (4 CD) is a must have for admirers of Mendelssohn and any collectors.<BR>The performances of all works are very good (Especially, Symphony No. 3 and 4).<br />And there are seven overtures including, not too known &quot;Trumpet-Overture&quot;, &quot;Fair Melusina&quot; and beatiful &quot;Calm Sea and Prosperous Voyage&quot;.<br />And there is the best recording of his gorgeous &quot;Symphony No. 2&quot; (&quot;Lobgesang&quot;). Actually, this work be constitued in a cantata or an oratorio form and scored for two soloists, chorus, organ and orchestra.<br />I think, the best recordings in all CDs' are Symphony No. 3 &quot;Scottish&quot; (dedicated to Quenn Victoria) and No. 4 &quot;Italian&quot;. As you know, both of these works tells about impression of his voyages and also, he written famous &quot;The Hebrides&quot; in addition with his &quot;Scottish&quot; Symphony. I like especially 2nd (slow) movement of No. 3 and there is a very good example of counterpoint. And also, from No. 4 (Italian), I like 3rd movement. This is a very elegant minuetto and there is a soli for horns in Trio. And especially this movement tells very good that the landscapes of Italy (ex. woodland scenes narrates by horns in this movement). Still, I admire that, Mendelssohn is a master in to explain the lanscapes on music.<br />Highly recommended.
B0000025P9|5.0|Le groupe retourne dans les studios pour crer cette mega-production qui demeure leur plus grand succs commercial  ce jour.<BR>On y retrouve les hits : &quot;Rosanna,&quot; &quot;Africa&quot; et &quot;I Won't Hold You Back.&quot;<BR>Il recevra en 1983, six Grammy Awards, sur pas moins de 28 nominations...<BR>Un trs bel album ou tout est parfait !<BR>Best : Rosanna, Africa, I Won't Hold you Back, Waiting for your love.<br />Plus d'info sur : [...]
B0000C8AVI|5.0|I agree totally with Staphanie's prior review. Slow Train is in my top 10 list of essential rock albums to own. It is unique in its perfection and a joy to listen to, even if you don't like the &quot;Christian&quot; overtones. It's not like anyone worries about the religious overtones that dominate much of Bob Marley's Exodus (also in my top 10 list). Who cares?? The music is great, and so is Slow Train. I'm sure most Dylan afficianados would disagree with me, but my two favorite Dylan albums are Slow Train and Infidels, both of which have religious aspects...and I'm not a very religious person...I just like the music and the sincerety. Nobody writes a song like Bob. No one. Period.
B0000026CM|5.0|Le septime album du nom retrouve Joseph Williams au chant. Le groupe invite Bill Payne et George Massenburg ( Little Feat ), co-producteur pour la premier fois depuis &quot;TURN BACK&quot;.<BR>On y retrouve aussi : Patti Austin, James Pankow, Tom Scott et Linda Ronstadt.<BR>&quot;Pamela&quot; entre dans le top 40 aux USA, et Toto tourne un superbe clip vido.<BR>Cet album sera n 1 au japon. En Europe, c'est le Single &quot; Stop Loving You &quot; qui fera un carton.<BR>Un album plus Rock que Pop port par la voix transcendante de Joseph. A possder absolument !<BR>Best : Only The Children, Home of The brave, Pamela, Stop loving you, Mushanga.<br />Plus d'info sur : [...]
B0000TB04G|4.0|All I can say is, I've never seen her perform live except during specials, such as the Super Bowl (which she unfortunately lip synched to), but after watching the Up! In Chicago special, all I can say is this lady knows how to perform. However, I had the distinct feeling that more songs were performed than shown on TV and I believe this DVD proves that true.<br />All I can say, I can't wait to see the concert without commercial interuptions and hopefully, no backstage scenes except possibly as extra bonuses on the DVD AFTER the concert.<br />My two daughters ...just LOVE Shania's music, as do I. All I can say is, all three of us are eagerly awaiting this DVD release.
B000059WH0|3.0|Cet album trouve un nouveau chanteur en la personne de Steve Lukather, et sera malheureusement le dernier auquel participera Jeff Porcaro.<BR>Celui-ci dcdera un mois avant sa sortie. L'album lui sera entirement ddi.<BR>Les illustration prsentes sur la pochette de l'album sont de Jeff.<BR>L'album est teint de rythmes diffrents et varis comme l'instrumental &quot;Jake to The Bone, premier morceau de jazz-fusion.<BR>Best : The Other Side, Don't Chain My Heart, 2 Hearts, Kingdom of Desire.<br />Plus d'info sur : [...]
B00005JMC6|5.0|The first time in a longtime that i can remember the audience clapping after a movie. nice.<br />It is a good tearjerker. Thoughtful with a good plot and character development underneath the extraordinary natural scenery of New Zealand.<br />It has two people's stories intertwined, the older Maori chief and his grandaughter. Simply it is how the two of them grow up and challenge the male-only tradition of chiefs.<br />Talent and ability don't know genetic boundaries as in a  hereditarial chiefship. Nor does it know gender boundaries, these are imposed on top of ability, motivation, and costs societies that depreciate women half of the available talent(at least, i bet more). but as long as everything is ok, throwing away women's contributions seems a small price to pay for male dominance. But the story is about a culture in decline and facing extinction, the Maori's can not afford to throw away talent and ability. And that is the plot.<br />Times change, so do the people if they wish to survive. But holding onto the past can help if the past greatness is re-interpreted anew for each growing up generation. And this is the big picture of the movie, this re-interpretation. Or as the movie puts it, the prophetic.<br />It's a good movie, bring a handkerchief and stop for coffee afterwards and discuss the meaning of your life, before the moment pass and the real world pushes ideas out of your head and substitutes the common boring everyday world-affairs.
B0000026VZ|3.0|Il embarque quatre indits chant par un nouveau chanteur, Jean-Michel Byron.<BR>Toto entre dans l're Sony...<br />Plus d'info sur : [...]
B00005JKG7|5.0|John Carpenter has a string of horror films in any fan of the genres Top 20, but sadly his latest efforts are complete hokum and he has pretty lost his touch. He should stick to what he does best - low budget original horror movies.<br />Make no mistake about it - \\"The Fog\\" has it in aces in every department by simply not trying to be more than what it is - an old fashioned ghost story. This is established within the first few moments as a fishermen tells some children a ghost story by a camp fire about a ship wreck. Then we launch into the film, about a small town by a harbor with characters preparing to celebrate the towns anniversary. It has all the feel that the town Amity had in \\"Jaws\\". Then some small strange happenings start occurring. An old book is found in the church which tells of an ancient conspiracy to sink a ship full of lepers. A strange glowing Fog is heading towards the port, a ghost ship is seen, a fishing vessel goes missing, there are strange knockings at peoples doors, an autopsy has a strange conclusion, a boy finds an old piece of drift wood with a name on it, a record player in the radio station starts to play ghostly voices.... Its got it all!<br />If you like John Carpenters work then you will love \\"The Fog\\" especially if you like his early low-budget work. The acting is quite functional for this type of story and it does scare. Watch it alone, at night to get the full effect. It is still as chilling today as it was then... those red eyes send a chill up my spine every time. The story is also highly original and very inventive in parts. It is also quite fast paced and there is never a dull moment.<br />Overall this is great horror film with a great plot and is essentially very scary. If you have not seen \\"The Fog\\" then it is about time that you get around to doing so. Get it today! You will not be disappointed. Notice that 95% of the reviews so far are above 3 stars. That says a lot!
B000002UUX|5.0|this is best metal album ever<BR>when i was still metallica fans i thought master of puppet is best album ever but after i got this album this is the best ive ever heard. the solos ,riff,bassline,drum are all great<BR>heavy,fast and melodic<BR>buy now!
6305327041|4.0|In 1992 a group of first time directors released their movies to a fairley captive Sundance Film Festival audience. And two years later a few of them had some spare time and thought &quot;Lets have a party and call it a movie!&quot; Four Rooms is that movie. Either loved or reviled, I actually like it. Sure it's a little silly in places but that's the charm of this obvious secret film crew party movie(theres an oxymoron if i've ever seen it). But this is what Four Rooms is! Think about it - a movie set on new years eve, every scene involved drinking alcohol and ALL of the actors would have worked for scale if they were paid at all(money I'm sure went on buying MORE alcohol to fuel the back-stage party). I'm not being sarcastic at all when I say that because I get this movie. It is not the follow up to Pulp Fiction or El Mariachi or In the Soup, ect. It IS funny for what it is - Four friends doing something they love and not trying to live up to their small past success. Tim Roth in a part originaly intended for Steve Buscemi(turning it down only because he felt he had already done the bell boy part in the Coen Bro's Barton Fink), really has fun in this role. His range is evident in all of the rooms from bliss to screaming bloody murder, and no matter what anyone says I think he ties the movie together quite neatly. Don't expect to get a cinema classic but insted top up your champagne glass, adjust your paper hat and and enjoy the party
B000062YB1|3.0|the opening songs is thrash and still remains slayer from reign in blood era. spirit in black riff is the greatest, the songs start in mid tempo then the second half of the songs is speed<br />there's alot of slow tempo songs on this album, it's heavy but not fast. songs like dead skin mask is good but it's not that heavy. blood read,expendable youth ,skeleton society and temptetion all had a good riff especially the intro but all of them are slow tempo songs , the title track is good also but again it's slow tempo<br />so more then half of the album aren't thrash, for slayer fans who's hoping for another reign in blood you better not expect much from this album. but overall this still good album
B00005JH9W|5.0|Read other reviews for opinionated synopses and descriptions - I'm just demanding this cult classic make it to DVD sometime during my lifetime!!<br />This pre-order has been up on Amazon's site for more than a year.  I have it as an open order still.  What is with this distributor - don't they understand this is a huge selling title!?  And there better be some decent extras - bios on the featured Very Special People, the alternate endings, info on the British ban that lasted into the 60's, etc.<br />We deserve it after such a long wait!
B00005JMVD|5.0|I too was disappointed with the lack of publicity for the film.  I only discovered it from the George Harrison website the day before it began showing locally.<br />It was one of the most moving documentaries I've ever seen.  I love the way it seemed to encompass the whole man.  From the wonderful Ravi Shankar composition to the Mony Python sketches to the wonderful renditions of George's music, it was an experience I'll never forget.  <br />I was impressed with the way the performers stayed pretty true to the music of George rather than embelish it with their own personalities.  Paul McCartney's performance was especially touching, particularly his rendition of Something.  I was also impressed with how much George's son plays the guitar in much the same style as George did.  <br />It was a roller coaster of emotions - from tears to laughter and back to tears.  The beauty of George Harrison's lyrics and melodies are unsurpassed by any other composer I'v heard and the concert was a wonderful tribute to both the man and his music.
0385504209|5.0|Finally, a thriller that is actually about something. Dan Brown's muscular prose, top-notch pacing, and mind-bending twists left me utterly spellbound. I think it will prove one of the most important novels of this decade; the timing of its publication during such a challenging chapter in our history is impecable. Someone finally had the nerve and verve to address a growing desire among Western culture to question religious doctrine and satiate our hunger for deeper truths. Bravo. Keep an open mind out there.
B00005JKZV|5.0|Fantastic adventure movie that will have you glued to the screen for the whole 3 hours.  Tremendous characters like Gollum and Gandalf steal the show along with awesome settings that will make you feel as if you are along for the journey.  Great flow to this movie, the fastest 3 hours I've ever sat through.
0156027321|5.0|Have you ever read a book (or seen a movie) that you weren't sure you liked but couldn't stop thinking about it?  And you had to find someone to discuss it with?<br />I began to really enjoy this book after Pi was shipwrecked, and then I found the story compelling.  After I finished reading the book, I wasn't really done with it.  I discussed it with others, went back and reread passages and thought quite a bit about the alternate endings.  I still think about it.<br />This, I think, is the definition of a good book, regardless of the story.
0684833395|1.0|This novel is widely regarded as a comic masterpiece.  The best I can say about it is that occasionally - and I mean once every hundred pages or so - it makes an acute observation about human nature, war, or bureaucracy.  The satire in the rest of the book is too broad to be either funny or wise, and there is nothing here to make us care about the characters or what happens to them.
0688170528|4.0|The story reads a bit like a Lifetime movie (in fact, I think this book was made into one), but I like Lifetime movies.  The story is immediately gripping...a teenager dies of a gunshot wound, and her boyfriend, who was at the scene, is tried for the murder, despite his claims that her death was the result of a suicide pact.  This book follows his trial, with flasbacks revealing the relationship between the two teens.  <br />I read this book in two days, which considering I am a graduate student, says a lot about how completely engrossing this book is.  Even though the story is pretty contrived and I had a good guess about how it would end, I could not stop reading.  It is the most compelling book I have read this year since \\"Seabiscuit.\\"  It has a little bit of everything...death, a murder trial, romance, sex...formulaic, but its a formula that works well in this context.  And Picoult pulls it off better than other writers of her genre, such as Jane Smiley.  <br />Overall, this is a great, entertaining, albeit fluffy read.  Highly recommended for travel or beach reading.  But be forewarned...once you start, you won't be able to stop until the book is done.
B00007J36V|5.0|This is my favourite Fairport album, for all the reasons that are given in the reviews below. What Fairport were trying to do (especially Sandy Denny) was to write modern material, but in a folk influenced style; a very difficult task. The strains would show when she left the band after Liege and Lief. Unhalfbricking is halfway between the folk pop of their first two albums and the all out folk rock of Liege and Lief. A Sailor's Life is my favourite track with an extended coda in the style of Cream (this band could really rock when they wanted to) and a beautiful vocal by Sandy in the first half.I think I can also have a go at explaining the title; &quot;halfbricking&quot; is the style of garden wall you see the couple standing against on the album cover (Sandy's parents by the way!). As such it stands for middle class suburban conformity. Unhalfbricking is, well, the opposite!
B000060P79|1.0|Now i decided to review this rancid cd, i mean green day cd, o wait is it blink 182? no wait its good charlotte o no its simple plan its all the same though,lol Punk= pop end of story its all the same you want to hear some meaningful music go pick up KoRn's self tituled debut and you can hear Jonathan davis (vocals for KoRn) crying in the background or go buy marilyn manson's antichrist superstar and go listen to the man that you fear now thats real and its not fake! Another person reviewing this garbage said the lyrics were sad?!?!? sad?!??! no pathetic heres pretty much what you get when you listen to this crap o no i wrecked my daddys car boo hoo o no god hates me he lieks to pick on me and i wish i was dead cause lifes to terrible thats bull*hit!!!! but its another band for the preppy popular kids.  so sad it really is. It really is.
0792841344|2.0|Phantasm is one of those movies that has become a bit of a cult classic; this is understandable as it would never be considered a real classic.  <br />The story involves a sinister mortician who has alien powers and apparently wants dead bodies for his own strange reasons.  Apparently, the normal supply of dead bodies isn't enough, so he starts killing a few of his own.  A pair of brothers stumble upon his crimes and soon their own lives get more and more nightmarish.<br />This is one of those plots that could - if executed correctly - make a really good movie, but this movie is done in by banal writing and weak acting.  While some of the effects are interesting, many are downright cheesy; perhaps the worst in the bunch is when one character wrestles with a monster trapped in his jacket in a wholly unbelievable scene (it just looks like a guy flinging his jacket around).  It is the writing, however, that really makes the movie fall apart...there are all sorts of illogical things going on (and not in a bizarre-horror sort of craziness, but rather in a simple bad writing sort of way).  The ending is like the icing on this bad movie cake...with a twist that seems tacked on (and is little more than a clich) and actually makes no sense.<br />Some bad movies have to be experienced to be fully appreciated.  Unfortunately, this is not the sort of so-bad-it's-entertaining type of movie, but rather a weak two star sort of mediocrity with just enough quality to make you wish it lived up to its potential and more than enough lousiness to make you wonder why you bothered wasting an hour-and-a-half of your life on it.
B00004SCX6|1.0|More pop for the young snobby preppy 9-12 year olds the scariest moments of my life is when i see young girls running to a stage where britney sings meaningless pathetic pop songs and i hate this because she has no dignity &amp; that kiss between her and madonna on the vmas was pathetic this album is pathetic now if you have 20 bucks in your pocket and are thinking about buying this album move away from the pop section and go buy the new marilyn manson cd or wait for the new KoRn cd. Some music that was written with anger/emotion/sadness<br />POP SUCKS  - Any metalhead in america
B00008O31H|5.0|Okay, so i was in a wonderful little used CD shop in Pasadena (Penny Lane) and i'm searching through the delightful selection when i CANNOT stop moving my feet and shakin' my hips- i hear this wicked muffled voice blasting from the speakers and i had to rush to the counter to ask the salesboy who this was. now i do not listen to much modern music, so when he told me it had recently come out- i was boggles. like a set of dice on the craps table...   I could not believe it! They had that CREAM feel to them, which i am quite a fan of. and i suggest that you all should have this album because its great- and its an asset to any music lovers' collection. YOu won't be disappointed that is for sure. &lt;repeats to self- sounds like cream sounds like cream&gt;
B000002H6C|5.0|Now its 1988 and you have lost your bassist cliff burton in a bus accident  just released what is said to be your best cd to date &quot; master of puppets&quot; well listen to &quot; and justice for all&quot; and you will know how. This album is amazing end of story Kirk's guitar solo's are great Lar's drumming skills seem to only get better and James's vocals &amp; song writing is quite possible there best on this album. I'll list my review on the songs below....<br />Blackened 9/10 - I think this is a great start to the album the guitars and drums here are fast &amp; heavy<br />And Justice for all 9/10 - The title track for this album, I think james does a great job with his vocals here<br />Eye of the beholder 8/10 - Not my favorite song on this cd but James's style of vocals in this song save it from being bad<br />One - 100000000/10 No this is not a typo, This is probably my 3rd favorite song of all time its amazing Kirk's solo is perfect James's lyrics? poetry, Lars does an amazing job on the drums also amazing.<br />The shortest straw 10/10 - Some people may say the production on this album is fair at best and i agree and they say on the shortest straw it really shows i disagree this song is one of the best on this album in my opinion<br />Harvester of sorrow - 9/10  You can really feels James's pain in this song another incredible track<br />The frayed ends of sanity  8/10  - I htink this is the only song where Kirk's guitars could be better but its still a very good track &amp; lars really out does himself with the drums here<br />To live is to die - 9/10 - I guess you could call this an insturmental song but there is a few lyrics but not many a dedication to the late bassist Cliff burton<br />Dyers Eve 9/10 - A great end to this album fast guitars &amp; angry lyrics<br />In conclusion i think this is a superb album, production could have been a bit better &amp; you can rarely here Jason's bass. Other then that though its an amazing album
B0000CABJ1|5.0|Just when you think Donna can't outdo herself, her she is with another amazing compilation of her greatest hits but with 3 new songs that are great. It's worth buying another greatest hits CD just for these new songs. <br />Hopefully we will be able to get to see her do them live.
B000001Y2U|5.0|Now for the very small group of people that read my reviews i have stopped writing about bad cds i hate and i figured i'd write a review on an amazing cd. This was my 2nd marilyn manson ( the 1st being portrait of an american family) being the teenage metalhead i am, Marilyn manson is a dream band come true it mixes goth hrard rock with intelligence probably his heaviest cd. Holy wood in 2nd. It blew me away 1st listen every song heavy &amp; dark as hell I'll list track ratings below..........<br />Irresponsible hate anthem 9/10 -When you 1s play this song you know Manson is DEAD SERIOUS about making a hard scary as hell album and this is a concept album, a perfect start to the album<br />The beautiful people 9/10 - The song that made MM popular not the best on the album but the lyrics are amazing but so is every song on the album<br />Dried up,tied up, and dead to the world 9/10 - A very gothic like feel to this song the chorus is incredible &amp; ginger fish beats the *hit out of the drums in this one.<br />Tourniquet 11/10 - A great song and single i really like the rock feel that this song brings parents seemed to worry about the lyrical content in this song, give me a break...<br />Little horn 9/10 - This song isnt to long a little under 3 minutes but its one of the few death metal songs on this cd you can even hear the bass a bit which is rare for alot of bands lately<br />Cryptorchid  - 8/10  - ANother gothic feel to this song a pretty mellow song i think M.W. gacy did a great job with electronics in this one<br />Deformography  10/10 - ANother favorite The best part of this song is vocals, lyrics,drums &amp; electronics<br />WOrmboy 7/10 - Not a great song but i still like it, its decent just nothing special on it.<br />Mister superstar 10/10 - i like the fact that it starts out with some mellow strings but as the song goes on it gets heavier &amp; heavier.<br />Anger with the scabbed wings 12/10 - a good rock song with some great lyrics by a great vocalist.<br />Kinderfeld 8/10 - A very emotinal song for brian warner a.k.a Marilyn manson I didn't know wh othe hell he was talking about in this one ti'll i read &quot; the long road out of hell&quot; written by MM himself and you find out its about his grandfather<br />Antichrist superstar 9/10 - Title track for this amazing piece of work heavy with overall great lyrics<br />1996 9/10 - As another reviewer said this is irresponsible hate anthem pt. 2<br />The minute of decay 8/10 - Also this has a very gothic feel i think the chorus in this one is incredible<br />The reflecting god 25/10 - My favorite song on this cd and the last heavy song on this album incredible drum,bass, guitars vocals everything it might even make the most die hard christian re think there religion.<br />Man that you fear 20/10 - ANother incredible song and the perfect end to this perfect cd slow emotinal sad &amp; angry all at the same time and it shows MM has some serious singing talents<br />In conclusion this is a masterpice and will go down as one of the greatest cds of te 90's if you want to hear meaningful lyrics by a grea musician buy this and if you are a die hard christian give it a chance and don't judge a book by its cover.<br />Kinderfeld 8/10 - A very emotinal song for brian warner a.k.a Marilyn manson I didn't know wh othe hell he was talking about in this one ti'll i read &quot; the long road out of hell&quot; written by MM himself and you find out its about his grandfather<br />Antichrist superstar 9/10 - Title track for this amazing piece of work heavy with overall great lyrics<br />1996 9/10 - As another reviewer said this is irresponsible hate anthem pt. 2<br />The minute of decay 8/10 - Also this has a very gothic feel i think the chorus in this one is incredible<br />The reflecting god 25/10 - My favorite song on this cd and the last heavy song on this album incredible drum,bass, guitars vocals everything it might even make the most die hard christian re think there religion.<br />Man that you fear 20/10 - ANother incredible song and the perfect end to this perfect cd slow emotinal sad &amp; angry all at the same time and it shows MM has some serious singing talents<br />In conclusion this is a masterpice and will go down as one of the greatest cds of te 90's if you want to hear meaningful lyrics by a grea musician buy this and if you are a die hard christian give it a chance and don't judge a book by its cover
0446677450|5.0|This book is full of idea stimulating facts and ideas. I give it as a college graduation gift to all the kids I know who are ready for success in real life... (And to non-college grads who are out there working hard!)  I wish this book had been around when when I was starting out - it would have saved a lot of time learning things the hard way. If you read it every year or so you will get something different out of it. Think of it as an idea stimulator, not a hand book, and you will love it.<br />The lessons of the two dads are very poignant, and every &quot;kid&quot; I know sees his or her family in some form here.  My hope in passing on this book is that the kids can see a pattern and avoid the poor dad mistakes as they begin their own lives.<br />PS - Not everyone is comfortable in all investing arenas. The real estate section was particulary amazing to me because the techniques are the same ones that have worked very well for me over the years. Some other reviewers disagree with that - to each his own. Again, think of this book as an idea stimulator, not a &quot;how to&quot;, and you'll get the point.
B00007BHOE|5.0|Now i was a little worried when i realized it would be a live dvd i wa hoping they would do what KoRn did with &quot;deuce&quot; so i bought the dvd and played the live section pure madness it rocked! corey's vocals ruled and it wasn't just a live dvd it shows you slipknot behind all the crazy *hit and i lvoe the pre concert part. Now to disk 2 it has all 4 videos plus the animated version for wait &amp; bleed Now back to the live section it plays all the hits ( my plaugue, left behild, spit it out, wait &amp; bleed) and all the crowd favorites like ( surfacing,liberate people=*hit eyeless) A must for any slipknot fan.
B0000C9V3T|5.0|After watching the movie, i can't wait to get my hands on the sound track, however, i have to ask What is title of the WHISTLING song? <br />That song was incredible. <br />Rock on!
630521610X|3.0|It Was Good But It Really Didn't Have me On The Edge Of My Seat Like Movies That Include Halloween Friday The 13th And The Texas Chainsaw massacre It Could Defintertly be Better but Still Worth renting
B00008BXJ6|5.0|This album still stands out as an all-time AC/DC standard--and as at least one other reviewer mentioned, it was the debut of this legendary band in the USA.  From beginning to end, this is vintage, carefree, crunching hard rock.  From the classic leadoff &quot;It's A Long Way To The Top&quot;, you know this is going to be a fun ride.  &quot;The Jack&quot; is a bluesy classic which greatly showcases Bon Scott's searing voice.  &quot;Little Lover&quot; is also a bluesy highlight but didn't receive the airplay of the &quot;The Jack&quot;.  &quot;TNT&quot; is another legendary rock radio hit.  &quot;Rock and Roll Singer&quot; and the closing title track further epitomize what this band was about in its prime--just great straight ahead guitar-driven hard rock with properly screaching vocals.  This album is a winner through and through that does not get stale with the passage of time.  A must have for AC/DC fans and fans of classic hard rock.
B0000C0FJB|4.0|The concert is very good , but the audience is too loud at times. Very nice tri-fold. Also has 2 tracks from the sound board.
B0000AUHPB|5.0|This is an exceptional movie, A must have for MINIacks. The story line and the characters are timeless. The action is breathtaking so real you will beleive a MINI can fly! This is the best comercial for the British Leland Austin Mini Cooper S. Michael Caine &amp; Noel Coward gave this movie the Class British Act. Bennie Hill was outlandish. A must have for your personal library.<BR>MINI OWNERS PRAYER<BR>Now I lay me down to sleep, <BR>My MINI'S parked out in the street,<BR>If it should roll before I wake,<br />Please O'LORD put on the brake!<BR>Ron Arfons<BR>The MINIster of MINIacks
B0000541AM|1.0|How can the studio not honor this retro cult classic with a fully-packed special 25th anniversary edition?! And where's the all important documentary on the release of the film in '79, when teen crowds across the US went wild and attacked police, destroyed theatres, etc...  Only ten years old at the time of its release, what I remember most about the Warriors is seeing the nightly news reporting that the movie should be banned, due to the violence it was causing out in the streets! A truly strong film at the time and a strong piece for a DVD time capsule.  What's really ironic is that in today's world, compared with the flix out there now, The Warrior's would be released as a bad after-school special - very tame compared with present standards. Too funny and a great classic!  GENTLEMEN, GIVE US THE ANNIVERSARY EDITION!!
B000007R0S|3.0|I was very surprised when I added up my scores for the individual tracks on this CD and ended up with an average score of only 3.4.  I really thought it would be closer to four stars.  I think the problem is that first, it's a live concert CD instead of one done in a studio, and secondly, I didn't much like the newer works.  I really bought the CD for the classical (spanish) guitar version of Hotel California (which is even better than the original version).  Of the 15 tracks on this CD, I rated two of them Excellent, seven of them Very Good, two of them Good, three of them OK, and unfortunately, one Bad.  My specific track ratings are:<br />1. Get Over It -- 2 Stars<BR>2. Love Will Keep Us Alive -- 3 Stars<BR>3. Girl From Yesterday, The -- 2 Stars<BR>4. Learn To Be Still -- 2 Stars<BR>5. Tequila Sunrise -- 4 Stars<BR>6. Hotel California -- 5 Stars<BR>7. Wasted Time -- 4 Stars<BR>8. Pretty Maids All In A Row -- 4 Stars<BR>9. I Can't Tell You Why -- 4 Stars<BR>10. New York Minute -- 4 Stars<BR>11. Last Resort, The -- 5 Stars<BR>12. Take It Easy -- 3 Stars<BR>13. In The City -- 1 Star<BR>14. Life In The Fast Lane -- 4 Stars<BR>15. Desperado -- 4 Stars
B00007H1Y2|3.0|Could someone please correct the title of the first track? DRUME is one word, it means &quot;go to sleep&quot;. This isn't celtic, guys.
B00005JLEU|5.0|Miyazaki's 'Spirited Away' is about a little girl who learns about friednship, courage and her own inner strength.  She learns to use her brain and her heart to save her parents and get back to the normal world, her world.<br />But within the movie are messages for adults too.  The bath house, the main setting for much of what happens within the movie, is a strange weird place, a mixture of greed and mediation.  Spirits and Gods come to the bath house to relax and renew themselves, but the staff seems more interested in getting all the gold they can, even begging for tips.  The higher you go in the bath house the more riches and greed you see.<br />There are also other messages, such as how mankind treats the Earth and each other.  The movie is a strong one, powerful in theme and beautiful in its nature with a touch of humor.  IT is not just a simple story about good or evil.  This goes beyond that.<br />I also found that I liked the soot creatures.  ;-)
6300247376|3.0|Seeing Marvin and Bronson together is great. <br />What makes this film, and all of Bronson's post Death Wish films, is if you convince yourself this is actually Paul Kersey time travelling back to find peace of mind and he STILL won't get cut a break!!  It makes sense when he comes back in Death Wish 3 &amp; 5 and begins shooting everything that moves...the world is this man's enemy.
B00005JKQZ|3.0|A Beautiful Mind tries to do the self-contradictory by presenting a slick, Hollywoodish story about the obscure and diabolical world of schizophrenia. That it is based on the life of a real person, the mathematician John Nash, doesn't add much psychological credibility to the film; again and again, some director's or technician's device (e.g., Nash scrawling hieroglyphic equations on the Princeton library window or having scattered letters from a magazine take on a glowing life to show how Nash perceives them as a code) gives us the feeling that we're being taken on a Disney World ride through the mysteries of the mind.<br />Nevertheless, the film is quite watchable for about two-thirds of its length -- after the dull exposition that sets up the central events and before the mawkish conclusion. Credit goes primarily to the stars, Russell Crowe and Jennifer Connolly.<br />Crowe, despite his status as the hunk du jour, clearly has satisfying acting technique and apparently good instincts; whatever reservations I have, it's fair to say that he brings the Nash character to compelling life. If only he didn't push the awkward-loner, vulnerable-brain-box motif so far! I suspect that Ron Howard, the director, instead of shaping the performance and asking for more subtlety at key moments, kept urging Crowe to pull out all the stops. <br />I'm not suggesting that he indulges in scenery chewing -- mostly he keeps his technique within reasonable bounds, and some of the time it serves us well. But, in spite of his stardom, Crowe doesn't yet have the confidence to hold back where some reticence would actually strengthen the role. When (if?) he trusts himself and his audience more, he's going to be an actor to reckon with.<br />Jennifer Connolly is luminous. I'd never seen her before, and she gives her role depths and corners where the script gives her colorless outlines. She's strikingly beautiful, but doesn't coast on her looks, and provides most of the movie's genuinely touching moments.<br />The film's only other actor of note is the egregious Ed Harris, who gives us the umpteenth version of his snake-eyed glare and growling line readings. It's a mystery to me why so many people think he's a great actor. Screen presence, sure; range, from X to X prime, as Nash might put it.<br />Good cinematography helps, featuring warm interiors that reveal the polished allure of the halls' old woodwork and exteriors that capture the sharp-focus chill of autumn and the sturdy solidity of venerable buildings on the campuses of Princeton and MIT. The musical score (one of the movie's few understated directorial elements) is effective, too.<br />The widescreen DVD transfer is first-class -- something you can't count on in DVDs -- with none of the background pumping and motion jerkiness that can result when the compression necesary to fit a movie onto a small silver disc is performed poorly.<BR> <BR>A Beautiful Mind has its rewards; too bad they come only in patches.
038533348X|5.0|I just read the entire book a couple of evenings ago. It's a school assignment that's not due to be finished for weeks, but once I started reading I couldn't stop. I suppose that's because there isn't a single facet of this book that isn't at least somewhat intriguing. <br />I'll outline the plot without giving much away:<BR>John or Jonah (it doesn't matter, since his name isn't used beyond the first paragraph anyway) is a devout Bokononist (religion founded by a normal guy, based on obvious and plainly admitted lies), writing from some unspecified time, trying to relate the story of his writing of a book about the day the atom bomb was  dropped on Hiroshima. He begins by contacting Newton Hoenikker, son of scientist Felix Hoenikker, main creator of the atom bomb. Newt's response offers some insight into who his father was, but the author needs more, so he heads off the the elder Hoenikker's former stomping grounds, a laboratory in Illium, NY. An anecdote told by Felix's main partner about a hypothetical &quot;ice-nine,&quot; which could freeze all water on earth below 115 degrees F, is what really gets the story going.<br />The thread of Bokononism seems to tie the main themes together, and it's this clever satire on religion that I appreciated the most.<br />This book also has a great ending, so you have that to look forward to. This book is brilliant and very accessible, so read it already.
B00004W52U|5.0|1. Knowledge 5/5<br />2. Sound System 5/5<br />3. Jaded 5/5<br />4. Take Warning 5/5<br />5. The Crowd 5/5<br />6. Bombshell 5/5<br />7. Unity 5/5<br />8. Vulnerability 5/5<br />9. Bankshot 5/5<br />10. One of These Days 5/5<br />11. Gonna Find You 5/5<br />12. Bad Town 5/5<br />13. Smiling 5/5<br />14. Caution 5/5<br />15. Freeze Up 5/5<br />16. Artificial Life 5/5<br />17. Room Without a Window 5/5<br />18. Big City 5/5<br />19. Missionary 5/5<br />20. Junkie's Runnin' Dry 5/5<br />21. Here We Go Again 5/5<br />22. Hoboken 5/5<br />23. Yellin' in My Ear 5/5<br />24. Sleep Long 5/5<br />25. Healthy Body 5/5<br />26. Officer 5/5<br />27. I Got No 5/5<br />You see a perfect CD. Better than Rancid (if that's possible) I just love this CD. The recording quality is okay, could be better, but that's the only draw back. Other than that, there's nothing wrong, so why are you still reading this. If not my review, then previous should have convinced you that this album rocks! Get it now!
B0000C0FJB|3.0|Having seen Rush a couple of times, moving pictures tour, I have to say this CD set captures the live sound quality of &quot;being there&quot;.  That said the sound quality is not that high compared to Exit Stage Left or All the World's a Stage.  The &quot;bootleg/sound board&quot; recordings are actually of better quality than the rest of the live stuff. I must also say that I am prejudicial to the early RUSH sound: RUSH, 2112, Fly by Night, Caress of Steel.  Yes, there is a wide variety of songs from their career on these three cd's and that is good.  I just wish the sound quality was better.  I've goten bootleg albums that sound better than this!
B00005IC2H|5.0|May I say that this is the BEST album in all of my collection, that the flow from song to song is extroardinary and I just love Sigur Rs. The most beautiful song I have ever heard - Agtis Byrjun is so calming and it feels like I am engulfed in a pool of beauty every time I indulge in it's sounds. I love this album and I love the band. ( ) is a masterpeice as well. Agtis Byrjun the album definetly deserved the award of Best Icelandic Album of the 20th Century.
0688163173|1.0|The worst type of &quot;mystery&quot;--where you're not sure what to think at the end and don't care. Horribly cliched dialogue and plotted like it was written in a weekend to meet a publishing deadline.<br />I can't believe the author of &quot;Mystic River&quot; would stoop to this.
B00005JLIU|4.0|Even aside from her once-perfect voice, Julie Andrews has an amazing dry comic gift that is maybe akin to brilliance, and it never got a better showcase than in THOROUGHLY MODERN MILLIE. If you don't get it, you don't get it, but there are indeed many, many people who cannot even think of her facial expressions when she turns to the camera in this Twenties spoof just before her thoughts are flashed onscreen in intertitles without becoming helpless with laughter, and I confess to be one of them. This is the fullest chance she ever got to strut her comic stuff (especially when she decides to become \\"positively FATAL!\\").  There are many problems in this George Roy Hill spoof: its overlength, its bizarre plot excursions ( Julie at one point announces she has to sing \\"Trinkt Le Chaim\\" at a Jewish wedding which she does for no possible reason other than no one previous ever possibly IMAGINED what this song would sound like sung by her), and Carol Channing does overdo it as Muzzy (when she gets shot out of a cannon, you want to duck). But, it has one of the world's alltime best running sight gags (an elevator that works only if you dance in it), Mary Tyler Moore's peerless attempt to do the dance known as \\"the Tapioca,\\" which practically stops the entire show, and finally Beatrice Lillie's famously hilarious performance as Mrs. Meers. Casting Lillie, the absolute unquestioned master of dry British comedy, against Julie Andrews was nothing short of inspired, and when Lillie attempts to figure out which of many cups of tea has a sleeping drug hidden in it the movie seems close to comic genius.
B000089RVR|5.0|Dido's second album gives fans more of what they loved about the 1999 debut album. Great songs, personal lyrics, a bit of melancholy sung by one of rocks great voices. The first three songs white flag, stoned, and the title track are as powerful a parlay as Thank You, Hunter, and Here with You from the earlier album. Buy this album now, borrow the money from your friends (or enemies) if you have to. Sell your blood. Whatever it takes... its worth the effort.
0609610570|5.0|It is a common fallacy of business, especially big companies, that the management does those in-the-sky thingies like relationship management, strategy development, hobnobbing with the big tykes etc (depending on which industry the firm is in.) The reality is, most &quot;leaders&quot; think they don't have to roll up their sleeve and &quot;execute&quot;. They believe their buck stops at &quot;strategizing&quot;.<br />At the end of the day, you bet on people, not on strategies. Strategies are intellectually simple; their execution is not simple. The question is, can you execute? That's what differentiates one company from another.<br />I thought this book would be about doozy ideas rehashed to be a &quot;business book&quot;. But I found the book a common sensical narrative of HOW the executives mentioned (from AT&amp;T, GE, Colgate-Palmolive, J&amp;J etc -- some more successful than others) actually managed their delivery and ascent.<br />Brilliant book. Simply, fluently written. You can finish in the course of a laid-back Sunday afternoon lunch.
0385504209|3.0|First of all, dear readers, this is FICTION, despite the numerous historical and religious references that have upset some reviewers. Author Dan Brown no doubt has borrowed from others in shaping an interesting story about oft-discussed topics, including THE HOLY GRAIL, the sometimes cryptic art and mind of DA VINCI, and the checkered past of Christianity and in particular the Roman Catholic Church.<br />The fact that there are well over 1,000 reviews of this book on Amazon is evidence alone that this novel has renewed interest in subjects that have stirred passions for more than 2,000 years. For this alone, the author should be commended. Yes, he's clearly after a Hollywood deal -- the characters and script are made for the big screen -- but beyond that he has caused many to GOOGLE  topics such as THE LAST SUPPER (which many will view with different eyes), the HOLY GRAIL (more than just the drunking cup of Jesus?), OPUS DEI, the PRIORY OF SION and KNIGHTS TEMPLAR. Conspiracy theorists will have a field day.<br />As for the technical aspects, the characters come off a little wooden, the dialog is a bit forced and contrived and the harmony between male and female -- which is the underlying thesis -- is out of balance. Sophie, the heroine, is clearly drawn as dependent if not intellectually inferior to the hero, Robert Langdon, the Harvard professor and Harrison Ford wannabe. While the author raises Mary Magdalene to the highest pedestal, in effect granting her divinity over the mortal Jesus, assertedly her husband, Brown inexplicably depreciates Sophie, who was a<br />descendant of this god-like pair! Still, the pace is quick and you can finish this brain candy off in 2 or 3 days.<br />Well, as I said, it's OK as fiction, but stimulating nonetheless and a must read for anyone who is more than just a little curuous about the origins of one of the world's most followed religions.<br />Now as for movie casting:<br />ROBERT LANGDON..........HARRISON FORD<br />SOPHIE..................CHARLIZE THERON/ASHLEY JUDD<br />SILAS, THE ALBINO.......EMINEM<br />THE FRENCH POLICE CAPT..THE GUY WHO PLAYS HERCULE POIROT<br />TEABING/THE TEACHER.....ANTHONY HOPKINS<br />GRANDPA.................SEAN CONNERY<br />THE BISHOP..............EDWARD JAMES OLMOS................CHARLIZE THERON/ASHLEY JUDD<BR>SILAS, THE ALBINO.......EMINEM<BR>THE FRENCH POLICE CAPT..THE GUY WHO PLAYS HERCULE POIROT<BR>TEABING/THE TEACHER.....ANTHONY HOPKINS<BR>GRANDPA.................SEAN CONNERY<BR>THE BISHOP..............EDWARD JAMES OLMOS
B00005UKE0|5.0|As much as I love the Beatles as a band, but in my opinion &quot;All Things Must Pass&quot; is the best first solo album by a Beatle.  I own both &quot;McCartney&quot; by Paul and &quot;Imagine&quot; by John, but George's album stands apart.  His stunning talent was held down for so many years when he was with the Beatles, and in a way, that's a good thing--&quot;All Things Must Pass&quot; was an answer to McCartney and Lennon and their producer George Martin for not paying him the attention he deserved.  <br />My personal favorites on the album are &quot;I'd Have You Anytime&quot;, &quot;My Sweet Lord&quot;, &quot;Behind That Locked Door&quot;, &quot;Let It Down&quot;, &quot;Run of the Mill&quot;, &quot;I Live For You&quot;, &quot;Apple Scruffs&quot;, &quot;I Dig Love&quot;, &quot;Art of Dying&quot;, &quot;Hear Me Lord&quot;, and &quot;Thanks for the Pepperoni&quot;.<br />My personal thoughts on George are simple.  Many people seem to think he was cynical and grumpy and mystic.  I don't feel this is totally true although I sense that he was a jaded to an extent.  He and Paul are complete opposites in dealing with their fame, fortune and status.  All he wanted was peace and privacy--although that desire was futile being who he was.  George has always been my favorite Beatle, and everytime I remember that he's gone my heart sinks a little more than before.  I love you George, and I miss you. We all do.
B00005OAIE|5.0|I LOVE this CD to death, it stays in my CD player for days but I NEVER get tired of it (except when I want to dance), ALL the songs are excellently written and performed and all worth listening to. His lyrics are so insightful, they can make you laugh, cry, smile, or just sit and think about the meaning of life. IT'S AMAZING! If you haven't listened to this CD yet, THEN GO OUT AND BUY IT! IT'S WORTH IT!!!!!!!! Really, John Mayer is a songwriting genius. You won't be sorry.
B000066C87|5.0|Although this film has a murder in it, it is really not a murder mystery.  The murder simply serves as a maypole around which the large cast of characters and the many subplots weave in and out.  For me it was a fascinating portrayal of the British class system, extending as it does from the Aristocrats (and Wannabees) to the servants that wait upon them.  The chief complaint among the reviews that I read was that it was hard to hear.  Those hushed tone are purposeful.  Since everyone at the country estate, Gosford Park, has a secret agenda he or she is pursuing (money,illicit sex, a past to keep hidden), the characters must often speak to each other in hushed tones. What reveals their secret agendas often comes out in the sly and subtle non-verbal communications they carry on with each other. That it takes a while to catch on to each character and subplot is  also purposeful.  It's as if each of us (the viewers) is a first-time guest for this weekend \\"shoot\\" of birds and it takes us a while to catch on to the overtones and undertones of these people who are congregated under one roof.  I found it a remarkable and fascinating experience, as if I am catching glimpses of life in a country estate through a periscope and having to connect the dots from one scene to another.  I was willing to see it over and over (six times so far) to  catch every nuance and subplot.  The acting is undeniably superb.
B0000931QR|5.0|Para mi esta disco es muy difcil para comprarar al lado de los dos anteriores, porque cada disco de esta grupo tiene sabor diferente, una cosa de bastante importancia por esta grupo muy eclectico.  Se esconde entre las canciones sentido mas maduro, sino tanto libre como los primeros exitos.  Las letras son mas de introspeccin pero no se perdieron la felicidad y alegra por la vida.  Como siempre, LODVG usan sonidos diferentes para comunicar su corazn por msica, y hablan al corazn cuando usan palabras o no. Las canciones son muy buenas; mis favoritos son Rosas, una recuerda y esperanza de das pasados, y Un Mundo Mejor, un poquto mas pesada pero muy atentado a como piensan y vivan la gente en nuestro mundo.  Tambien, la trac bonus (15) es simplimente divertida con su ritmo de \\"dance,\\" y letras caprichosas.
B000002UA5|3.0|Of the studio album, I agree withmost of the reviews that I've read stating that PF lacked &quot;musical direction&quot; on this album. With theexception of David Gilmour's &quot;TheNarrow Way&quot; (which has very muddledlyrics) and Roger Water's &quot;GrantchesterMeadows&quot;the individual efforts here areweak and strive for direction.Some of it is just freaky sound effects.All inall pretty dismal.  As for the live CD: Much better thanthe studio album. The remastered version has great sound quality andfour extended PF classics that soundgreat. I'll give 2 stars for the studio albumand 4 for the live album, thus the 3star rating.
B000021YQV|4.0|I'm going to make this short and sweet: it's not the greatest album in the world because I still can't listen to the whole thing straight through, but I just have to say that &quot;Toxicity&quot; is one of my most favorite songs in the world, you just can't beat the guitars in this song, and the drums are amazing! &quot;Chop Suey!&quot; is also great, it's got interesting allusions to God and Jesus, &quot;Psycho&quot; is good headbanging fun (and warns you to stay away from cocaine too!), and &quot;Aerials&quot; is nice and meaningful. Oh, and &quot;Bounce&quot; is hilarious... but I'll leave it up to you to buy the album and figure out what they're really talking about.
B00005K3OT|5.0|A memorable tale about the human spirit and believing in and living in truth--and what it costs to do so.<br />Highly recommended.
B00006IUL7|3.0|Although this movie was mildly entertaining with a neat cast, I found it long and drug out.  I almost fell asleep during this movie.  Basically it's an Alaskan murder case and two L.A. detectives are hired to assist.  During an exploration of evidence one of the L.A. detectives get's shot.  The supspected murdurer literally knows who did it.  And this whole woven story comes into effect.
0790742780|4.0|&quot;A tale of urban reality&quot;. It's not like this round our bit of urban. Michael 'nepotism' Douglas stars as either a victim of modern society frustrated to the point of madness by the callousness of a post-industrial wilderness where the rights of the individual are challenged at every turn and decency and civility are lost in a maelstrom of consumerism and corporate heartlessness, or a self-obsessed moany nutter - take your pick.<br />The best bit is right at the start in the convenience store because the Korean bloke's hilarious, but it's got a good cast including Robert Duvall and Barbara 'obvious nickname' Hershey.
B000089RVX|5.0|Let's start off by answering a few questions I've seen in these other reviews:<br />What is gothic metal? - Simple, but first you must know what music from the gothic-era of Europe is. Piano pieces, choirs, etc. So naturally, gothic metal is metal blended with these elements. No, not power metal such as Nightwish, that's different. True gothic metal would not focus on such a frantic pace(such as Nightwish's use of double-bass, and often up-tempo metal inflections).<br />So is Marilyn Manson gothic metal? NOOOO!<br />Is Lacuna Coil gothic metal? Look, I know they are dark, I know they dress in all black, and wear eyeliner. &lt;OOOH...&gt; But no. I would consider Lacuna Coil more of an Avante-garde art metal type thing with female vocals. The ingredients just aren't there.<br />Is this band &quot;gothic metal&quot;? Eh ... I'll get into that.<br />What is an example of the perfect &quot;gothic metal&quot; band? Saviour Machine is one, MAYBE mid-period Christian Death.<br />Into the review of this cd . . . it doesn't matter where you have been the past couple months, whether or not you listen to the radio, at some point, you had to hear &quot;Bring Me to Life&quot;, simply because it was EVERYWHERE. This song is what originally drew me to this cd, but now, I'm sure like most, I hate that song, simply because of it's overplay. So what's the rest of this cd like? Well ... not exactly like the single, thankfully. There are no more male vocals located on this disc, and you can hear Amy Lee belt out those fantastic notes the way she does. The best songs I feel are &quot;Tourniquet&quot; (&lt;- name of a good band as well), and &quot;Haunted&quot;. If you notice, Haunted could very well be the most hated song on the whole list, probably because it's the &quot;heaviest&quot;. I don't feel this band gets fair reviews from anyone, generally cause everyone chooses the wrong bands to compare them to. <br />First of all, Linkin Park. LINKIN PARK? Where did you people get that? Where did the media get that?! Does Linkin Park have a girl? No. Does Amy Lee rap? NO! Does Evanescence implore the use of turntables or ANY hip hop in any from whatsoever? NO. Does Linkin Park involve complicated piano pieces, choirs, guitar solos, or female vocal performance at all? No, no, no, and NO. I didn't think &quot;Bring Me to Life&quot; sounded like Linkin Park, and neither does the rest of this disc. <br />Second, Lacuna Coil. Now, there are more similarities here. Two hard rock/metal bands with chic singers ... that's about as far as it goes. Again, Lacuna Coil has a full-time male vocalist that accompanies Christina Scabbia at all times. Whereas a male counterpart plays a role in only one song here. Hell! The voices of Amy Lee and Christina Scabbia sound NOTHING alike anyway. It shocks me 14 people would recommend Comalies over this. Because Comalies is bad? No, I love it, along with Unleashed Memories, and In a Reverie. These are just to way different bands. Evanescence is more focused on putting in choirs and pianos with their hard rock, and Lacuna Coil is more focused on playing a slower-paced, ethereal, kind of keyboard-induced metal, with Christina Scabbia's unique voice. Just how do they sing different? We've all heard Amy Lee sing, and while her backing band may not be Megadeth or anything, her voice IS dynamic. Christina's voice? More flat, monotonous, and haunting. Which works well when harmonizing with Andrea Ferro, and serves it's purpose. So is Evanescence &quot;ripping off&quot; Lacuna Coil? I don't even view how the bands are remotely the same except the few similarities at the top. So I say no. If all Evanescence has to do is be a metal band with a chic singer to rip off Lacuna Coil, I must say, whoever made that is not thinking too critically. But still, if you think they are, keep in mind Lacuna Coil &quot;ripped off&quot; the Gathering . . .  kay? And NO, Evanescence sounds NOTHING like the Gathering either. Also, keep in mind, I thinkAghora and After Forever are better than all Evanescence, the Gathering, or Lacuna Coil. <br />When I placed this cd in my cd player, I was happy to notice the inclusion of guitar solos in several of the songs, and good ones at that (something Lacuna Coil NEVER plays). And I found more of what I was looking for, soaring female vocals, with some classical influences incorporated into a hard rock/metal platform. Is this gothic metal?  . . . Eh . . .  I don't want to say that it is, chiefly because I have heard much better from the bands that truly belong in this field, and if this was a &quot;gothic metal&quot; (as many call it) release, it'd be fairly poor. I would Evanescence sort of has their own sub-genre of &quot;semi-gothic-moody-metal&quot;. I really like it when bands start something or do something very different than what's already out there. Some of which span the commercial rock universe, others the underground. Soundgarden, Alice In Chains, Metallica, Megadeth, Slayer, Anthrax, Rage Against the Machine would be a examples of the bands that started stuff . . . but I more prefer unique bands such as Aghora (&lt;- chic metal right there), Grotus, Celldweller, Zeromancer, Dog Fashion Disco, Sweaty Nipples, Fishbone, Living Colour, Scissorfight ... bands that don't really song like . . . anything. Unfortunately, Evanescence does not really fall into either of these ... but they do what they do well. Really, if you refrain from buying a disc because it's &quot;too well known&quot; or &quot;commercial&quot;, you're an idiot. Good music is good music, and that's just all there is. If millions and millions like this . ..  . super, good for Evanescence. But if you choose to get into a band that no one has heard of, it makes you like that much more sophisticated. This is a good cd, I know it has sold well, and that's fine. I'd rather this cd top the charts than something like George Micheal. If you read all this, I congratulate you, and I hope it cleared up many-a-rumor being thrown irresponsibly in reviews of this cd on Amazon by people, in major magazines, and even someone into this genre looks to as a &quot;leader&quot; (very foolishly, I might add), the cynical Iann Robinson, who played this as a &quot;Linkin Park with female vocals&quot; band. I'm sorry .. .  just not so.
B00006HBUA|3.0|The opening scene took me back to 1971.  Wow!  Shaggy and Velma were perfectly cast!  <br />The plot, however, looses steam after the opening.  The movie suffers from trying too hard to balance being:  (1) a loving tribute to the cartoon series of the same name; (2) a comedy; (3) a decent mystery; and (3) a spoof of the cartoon series of the same name.  To quote Austin Powers, the movie loses its &quot;mo-jo&quot; and ends up becoming rather flat and unaffecting.<br />The dvd extras are disappointing.  There are no trailers included and the menus are incredibly hard to read, making it frustrating to navigate them.<br />A decent rental for the whole family.  True fans of Scooby-Doo cartoon series will want to buy.
0316096199|4.0|I read Alice Sebold's book &quot;The Lovely Bones&quot;.  It was very very good.  &quot;Lucky&quot; on the other hand was even more shocking.  Not only was it mor vividly depicted but it was real.  The first chapter is gruesome.  Sebold depicts her experiences so well that it paints horrible images in your head.<BR>The story however does have happy endings.  But you are left feeling eerie and having a sense of relief.  Sebold tells her story truthfuly and relives all of her painful moments.  It is an educational masterpiece.
B00005KHJM|4.0|Firstly, I knocked off a star for the annoying way we change from old to newer film throughout the movie. I realise this was the best they could do with the magnetic tape that was available but it does annoy me.<br />Edward 'Enforcer' Woodward inspects shady goings on in Christopher Lee's unhinged community off the West coast of Scotland and ends up helping a chicken with its enquiries. Britt Ekland (and boobs), Ingrid Pitt, sketch show musician Peter Brewis and John 'Mallens' Hallam appear.
B00005B36H|5.0|One should not take this album at face value. Eat some mushrooms and sit in your car and if your real carefull with the direction of your heart will understand the Atlantis, Egyptian, and Mayan connection that these 4 people have experienced. There is a far bigger plan at work than what you can suppose. Watch the weather change~~~<br />   BTW, heres a quote I pulled off a channeling site...<br />&quot;The Nine Elders, as you will see, wish to awaken what lies deep within our cellular memory and they convey our lessons within a frequency of love. We will also learn of one unique soul family, incarnate now on the earth plane, through whose experiences you will learn of ancient tradition, universal law and the nature of the cosmos. So many have returned at this moment to create new outcomes, and to help you remember, as the end of this spiral of time approaches. These souls and many others are the wayshowers; those that will help guide us into the next world.&quot;
B00004Z4WQ|4.0|Relax--accept this movie for what it is:  a &quot;no one's safe&quot; approach to movie-making.  It's a spoof!  Get it?<br />It's crude.  It's rude.  It doesn't take itself too seriously and that's what makes it fun!  <br />Save the soapbox for important issues and enjoy the ride.  If spoofs aren't your thing, don't watch it.  Keep it simple.
0385504209|4.0|I don't know that I would go so far as to consider this book &quot;Unrelenting Suspense&quot; - it was far from a cliffhanger at any moment... but -<br />Not typically my line of reading - a friend had just read it and so I read it and we had gobs to talk about.<br />He being raised (and now lapsing) Catholic - me being completely without any religious upbringing. I didn't think the story itself was so well-written and actually it just went to mush near the end, but we came up with gobs of notes that we'd like to follow up on.<br />The author however really didn't cite his references - and I guess he's not required to in a work of fiction - but I am curious about the Templars and Da Vinci and the loss of the female aspect of religion through the apparent efforts of the Catholic church.<br />Acting as a gateway to other ideas or ways of thinking - the book is successful.
B000002KCI|5.0|After all the years this album has been out the price alone ought to tell you this is no bargin basement work.  They totally rip on this one.  Classic Young!
B0000AZJXQ|5.0|Seen the new set twice and met the band and I must say the energy is very present with the combo of Maynard and Twiggy. I took some live and the original album and made the CD but with live songs here and there. Pet/Lullaby, Gravity, and Vanishing!! are my favorites. Cant wait for more shows. Tool is the male side and APC the female and the balance is aparent. This album with Lateralus with some mushies and you can change yourself overnight....no joke..lol
0380002930|4.0|By the way I loved the book, and it is hard ot get me to give 5 stars. The book was very good and a wonderful what i like to call &quot;beach book&quot; and very entertaining. It grabs your emotions and takes them for a ride in the spell-binding book. However, it is a parts very slow, and i understand the reasoning behind it, so i can't complain much but some parts were a little dry, but i do belive that every person should read this book during you life
B00008Y3VA|5.0|Made in UK in 2003, Serial# SANDD-189, Playing Time 158:02<br />I usually despise releases like this... I've seen (and purchased) so many best of, anthology, collections, millennium, very best compilations that keep deceiving me, either because of track selection, but more generally because record labels still think that putting more than 40 minutes of music on those will hinder sales of their back catalogue, that I wasn't really looking forward to this &quot;Ultimate Collection&quot;.<br />And URIAH HEEP already have dozens of retrospectives, so why would anyone pick up this one?  Well, here's why:<br />1) This 2CD-set contains 34 tracks, with 158 minutes of music (those discs are packed!!!);<BR>2) the remastering job is fabulous;<BR>3) the tracks are presented chronologically;<BR>4) all tracks are full-length versions (NO edits!!!)<BR>5) you get all facets of the band, from the heavy &quot;Gypsy&quot; to the soft &quot;Come Away Melinda&quot;, the kaleidoscopic &quot;Magician's Birthday&quot;, the haunting &quot;Wonderworld&quot;, the anthemic &quot;Easy Livin'&quot;, the hair-raising &quot;Blood Red Roses&quot;, and then some (actually, 28 more!!!)<br />And no, I'm not a member of the band or an unconditional fan...<br />This anthology covers the first 20 years of their recordings (1971-1991), and it's not focused only on &quot;commercial&quot; or radio-friendly material (ever heard the full length version of &quot;July Morning&quot; on the radio?).<br />To the novice, this set is THE best place to start without spending a fortune; to the initiated, over 2 and a half hours of cherished material covering a wide spectrum of genres so loved by many Heepsters.<br />I just HAVE to play it again...
0385504209|2.0|The &quot;glue&quot; is missing.  Good time filler.  Not his best.
B000002JSN|5.0|Physical Graffiti is Zeppelin's last great hardrock CD. Side one by itself rocks so hard all other rock music pales in comparison.<BR>I had bought greatest hit Latter Days and other than Houses of the Holy,Trampled Under Foot and Kashmir I didn't think I need PG. Once I bought it and heard In My Time Of Dying and Custurd Pie I was blown away(is the vocal mixed in too low on these two songs or it's just me?). No rock groups after all these years have been able to topple Zeppelin and no one will. Side 2 has good material too but side one will smoke your speakers! In Through the Out Door is also great material, but  Presence is real dissapointing other than Achillies Last Stand and Nobodys Fault but Mine.
B00005JLWN|5.0|This movie is without a doubt ten times cooler and better than The Matrix. The Gun-Kata is jawdropping. So please log out of the Matrix and in to EQUILIBRIUM!!!
B00000K19E|4.0|Dodging of bullets, fighting agents... All in a days work for Neo(Keanu Reeves). This action-pack movie (Released in 1995) is funny, serious, scary, and TOTALLY OFF DA HIZZLE! The Wachowski Brothers do it again! It takes place when Morpheous(Lawerence Fishburne) tells Neo about the Matrix, and the rest, well, is history! Though it was made 8 years ago, and I've seen it over 4.5 billion, zillion, kagillion, times, I still love it!!!!!!!
B00005JLYW|1.0|Charlies Angels:Full Throttle is a major disappointment...aimed at teens and CGI enthusiasts...this sequel loses the experienced film-watcher right away.<br />First the cast: I am fond of Drew Barrymore - but let's face it -she's marginally talented as an actress, and likes to portray herself as a bad-ass when you know the girl has never yearned for a hot meal in her life... Lucy Lui: The only Angel to escape this ground-zero with any dignity - eventhough she's not even in the film (consciously)...and no one thinks Cameron Diaz is cuter than Cameron Diaz - if I have to endure another goofy smile or butt-shaking dance-by-herself sequence, I swear I'm gonna retch.<BR>Bill Murray: Absent and missed. Bernie Mac: Dull and uninfluential (but that's probably the script's fault, which can be blamed for a fair share of this mess) Demi Moore: Finally, a role that requires litte effort on her part - superb**ch...<br />Directed with the obvious burden of topping the original, this 2hr. music video is shockingly violent (eventhough the Angels don't use handguns - there are plenty of bullets and blood - coupled with militaristic references and settings - just in case your belly isn't full of war...)<br />The special effects are not believable - and I don't know about you, but that ruins it for me. In a word - a total joke that's not wotrth the plastic it's pressed on.
B00005J8J6|5.0|Seriously...I'm the first person to review the best rock album ever recorded?<BR>Anyway, to anyone reading this...you don't know much about rock music and that's ok ... do yourself a favour and buy this album now !<br />Enjoy...Cheers !
0671015206|5.0|This book will help you discover the best ways you can become financially independent.  It examines the lives of millionaires and how they allocate their time, energy, and money efficiently in order to build wealth.  Not only is this book great for young people just starting their careers, but it is a reality check for anyone who is interested in evaluating their actual net worth.
0140042520|4.0|This is probably one of the best samplers of the religious beliefs and lifestyle experimentation as practiced by the Beats. This so-called novel is actually another one of Kerouac's mini-autobiographies, in which he is calling himself Ray Smith. His good friend Japhy Ryder in the story is based on Kerouac's real-life cohort Gary Snyder. Rather repetitively, Ray, Japhy, and their fellow slackers spend much of the story getting drunk and discussing the very elementary Beat religion, which was merely a fractured collection of misunderstood Buddhism, counter-cultural irony, and a little under-utilized anarchism. Sure it was a weak &quot;religion&quot; but here it is for all to dig. We also learn a lot about how to live the unconventional life of a drifter, which may still be possible in a few isolated corners of America. The end of the story is a very impressive treatise on communing with nature and is the true treasure of this book, though it reveals a strange obsession with Gary/Japhy. This installment of Kerouac's philosophy isn't quite mind-blowing, but it can still be an enlightening read in this day and age. [~doomsdayer520~]
B0000AXE8I|5.0|People find it so easy to critcize sequels, it makes you wonder if anything would make them happy?  I personally enjoyed the movie.  The special effects once again showed that the Matrix series sets the standard for this genre of film.  The plot is fantastic.  We get to learn much more about the Matrix and its origins.  The new characters were intriguing: Niobe, the Architect, Merovingian, and Persephone.  Overall, this was a great movie!
B00005JLKB|5.0|If you like the concept of Superheroes, as in Superman, and you like a touch of Adventure, Family, Romance, Sci-Fi, Action, and &quot;Meaning&quot; in your shows, you'll love this, i can't get enough, i await new episodes ... please more...
B00004T9UF|4.0|Mostly I'm just placing a review here to bump David's gleeful ignorance off of the front page. If he's not open-minded enough to appreciate a more lyrical than melodic musical form, then he oughtn't bother stating his opinions in places of irrelevance. It's true that for some kids listening to Eminem is more a declaration of rebellion than anything, but it's got little to do with MTV. If you want to know the real driving force behind Eminem's popularity, look to Dre.<br />Look: He's not the best rapper in the world, but he's nothing to sneer at either. If you're going to knock his album, don't do it because of its genre.
B000005RQE|4.0|This album introduced the world to REM. It also showed a huge growth in songwriting and musicianship from their earlier albums (Murmur, Reckoning, etc). This album is known for the huge hits &quot;The One I Love&quot; and &quot;End of the World As We Know It&quot; but top to bottom all the songs here are strong and veryd diverse. Finest Worksong begins the album with intelligent neo-metal, then you get some trademark REM jangle rock. The next curveball is the horn-driven semi-swing of Exhuming McCarthy. The stylistic experiments all work, and you still know it's REM the whole time. This album may not be REMs best (that will be debated between Out Of Time, Automatic for the people and Murmur) but it's just a notch below and a must for any fan of REM and/or rock n roll. ENJOY!!!
B00008PW2D|1.0|I am an obsessive watcher of this show, and have always supported it.  The support ends with this dvd set.  This season is not worth the money, at regular or amazon price.  I had fully expected the fifth and sixth season to be boxed together.  Now THAT would have been a set I would have paid for.
B00006F83Y|4.0|If down n dirty rock n roll makes a huge comeback this band will be the biggest reason why. Crunching guitar riffs, pounding drums and thumping bass put into surprisingly complicated songs with old-school rock lyrics and great vocals. That's right, a hard rock band with a singer who can really SING!! What more could you want? Top to bottom these songs are great while being hardass and catchy at the same time. You won't be able to get &quot;No One Knows&quot;, &quot;Sky Is Fallin&quot;, &quot;Go With the Flow&quot; and pretty much every song on the album out of your head. So stop fighting it, get this CD and play it the only way it's meant to be played: LOUD
0920668372|1.0|This book was given to me as a shower gift by someone who really loved it and said her kids loved it. <br />Never read this when you are pregnant and overly emotional anyway. <br />In my opinion, it is designed more to pull on the heart strings of mothers than to appeal to children in any way. Fifteen month later, I still can't read this book without tears but I can't ever see myself reading it to my child. I would not buy this book.
B000002LOE|5.0|It has become &quot;cool&quot; for even REM fans to bash this album. It was their biggest commercial hit which opens it up for backlash. Nonetheless, it's an all-time great album. It had the big hits (Losing My Religion, Shiny Happy People), the experiments (Radio Song, Country Feedback), as well as classic almost unknown album tracks (Near Wild Heaven, Belong) and they're all top notch. I'm not going to try to trash talk the critics and cynics, just give this album a chance and let the music speak to you instead. I don't care what you tell people you're a fan of if you like MUSIC this album will change your life.
B0000C0FJB|3.0|I loved the rawness of &quot;All The World's A Stage&quot;.  When &quot;Exit Stage Left&quot; was first released, I ran out and bought it and...trashed it.  The sound quality was horrible.  &quot;A Show Of Hands&quot; was okay, but to me did not really represent the true sound of Rush.  The techno drums and Geddy's bass and Alex's guitar...sound too...EIGHTIES.<br />So it was an absolute delight to hear &quot;Different Stages&quot;.  I have literally worn the cardboard sleeve out.  Disc 3 is the &quot;Exit Stage Left&quot; they should've released.  I love the sound quality.<br />So I was excited to get ahold of &quot;Rio&quot;.  I was, until I listened to it.  What's up with the mixing of Geddy's vocals? Half the time I can barely hear him singing.  Alex's guitar is there, kinda.  Too much bass.  The drums are excellent.  <br />Also, the audience is annoying.  Just listening to [them] carry on drives me crazy. The soundboard cuts are the best.  Next time, don't worry about all of the production values and the sound truck, etc.  Just copy and paste the sound board mix.<br />Better luck next time.
B000002BHE|5.0|I Love this whole album, well worth it. My favorite track is Dreaming of you. aaahhhhhhh.. enough said. celine dion is an encredible singer, Ive never seen her in concert yet, but someday. all her abums are good, And the other track is (I love you)..ooooohhhh. anyway dang this women she new what I was going through at the time I falling in love with someone, in 1996 this cd came at the right time.. go celine.. 5 stars indeed..
B00001QGPR|4.0|I was really suprised when I first heard this album because it was so different from the first album I heard by David Bowie (Space Oddity), but it's quite good in a different way.  The lyrics are a little confusing but nice nonetheless, all of the tracks are pleasant to listen to, and the song &quot;Seven&quot; really stands out - i'd say its among the most beautiful and touching rock songs I've heard.  I'm not giving it 5 stars because it dosen't quite have the oomph of the REALLY good albums like Kid A or Sgt. Peppers, or even Space Oddity, but if you like soft modern rock, it's definatley worth your 15 bucks.
B000002LCD|4.0|Well Its an adorable soundstrack. With catchy late 80's tunes even my 4 year old niece caught on to whos that girl,she hums it and tries to sing it the best she can. I think little kids today between ages 4 and 7, will like that song if radio brought it back, its kiddy like!!also causing a commotion. she likes to here over and over. the movie confused her cause the madonna she knows is from the Music era. I had explain that madonna changes and she was not born yet. Like i read in one of theses reviews, this is a madonna fan collectable..
B000000W9Z|2.0|I'm really suprised how positive these reviews are, mabye i'll give it another listen and see what I think again.  I was very dissapointed with this album, though.  I had already bought two really good (in my opinion) albums by Bowie: Space Oddity and Hours, so I expected this one to be good as well, but unless you have a lot of patience for very artsy music that dosent make you feel good and dosent really sound that good, I don't recommend this.  If you want a sample of his newer music, I recommend Hours instead.  The problem with this album in my book is that its just really unpleasant to listen to.  It may be well done as a concept album, but I dont think it sounds very good at all, and it's very disjointed and negative as well.  Leaves me with an icky feeling, it does.  If you want something experimental, grab some radiohead instead, and if you want Bowie, grab Space Oddity or Hours.  I did like &quot;The hearts filthy lesson&quot; for a while, though, it's actually quite catchy and not all that bad if you don't listen to it too much.
B000002HH2|5.0|Post is one of Bjork's finest albums because each track sounds completely different from the previous one. Her beats are eclectic and unique, varying from a cheerful, jazzy tune to a dark, rhythmic bass. Bjork's voice is also very diverse throughout this album. In some songs, such as \\"Hyper-ballad\\" and \\"Modern Things\\", her voice is fairly quiet and not as powerful as it is in other songs. <BR>   \\"Possibly Maybe\\" is my favorite song on the album. This song begins with a slow beat and a delicate voice; however, as the track progresses, you are able to hear the incredible range of her voice while she expresses her feelings. Although this is the only track that is considered to be \\"dark\\", all of Bjork's songs are full of emotion. If you enjoy truly artistic and powerful music, I would encourage you to buy Post as well as any other Bjork album.
B0000C0FJB|5.0|Many people may be turned off by the fact of hearing that the &quot;crowd is too loud&quot; or &quot;the quality just stinks.&quot; That's a bunch of crap. Too many Rush live albums were just TOO refined. Not much of a 'live' feel (but they are still awesome!). This Rush in Rio triple CD is exactly what we needed! Sometimes, the louder, more &quot;rock&quot; feeling songs (By-Tor, Cygnus X-1 etc.) almost just sound like &quot;mush&quot; with all that is going on; and you have to love it! Rush is a true progressive ROCK band. I love all those other prog rock bands, but Rush is one of the very very very few that actually, consistently, has the 'rock' part of it feel. <BR>  Also, others are turned off by the fact that it is just the Audio only version of the DVD. What else were you going to expect!?!?! You get 2 extra pretty cool bootlegs that are fun. Why not buy the CD set and have the &quot;Rush is Rio&quot; DVD set songs minus the video? This is an excellent album. BUY IT NOW.
B0000AXE8I|1.0|Unfortunately the special effects could not support the confusing and weak plot to at least make it an enjoyable movie to watch.<br />Lets just hope there is not a Matrix 3
7119005901|5.0|I think 3 kingdoms is a different type of novel from the Western traditional style .It doesn't focus much on the personal of characters:their feeling ,thoughts... because it has to deal with hundreds of them.The book itself is a page turner , there are many things which are repeated many times but you nerver feel boring.<BR>  In chinese we called 3 kingdoms as 70% facts, 30% myths.The main character is considered Kongming:<BR>--Kongming , a brilliant military leader and politican ,but his talent was exaggerated in the book, in formal history ,his main credit was to save the kingdom of Shu from the Wei's menace.<BR>--Sima Yi :this man is a master schemer,a superb politican and military leader.  Sima did not want a total war with the Shu because as long as Kongming ramained a menace to<BR> Wei kingdom , he is  still useful with the Cao's family.And by distinguised himself by battles with Kongming , he gradulally gained control of the Wei ,and finally it was the Sima's family who unitied China and declared themself emperor.<BR>--Cao Cao: the Chinese love this man ,his brilliant as well as his ruthless.He was never a king , but one of the most emperor in China's history changed his nickname to Cao Cao , and Mao ZeDong writes poems to praise him. Cao Cao was extremely suspicious :&quot; I would rather betrayed the world than have the world betrayed me&quot;. A good comapre to Cao is Stalin.
0783117388|4.0|I'm one of the few remaining folks without HBO, so I am only just now seeing this show on DVD. Based on all the criticism that I'd heard about the series, I expected that these women would little more than trendchasers who sleep with every man they meet. While there is a fair amount of casual sex and high fashion in each episode, the show does have more depth than that. This is the story of four women supporting each other through life's pitfalls. Because this is television, the writers had to make it interesting or no one would watch, so there are many unrealistic situations. And while I am sure that some people really do live like this, I'd be willing to bet that they're not happy about it.<br />This is adult entertainment, and yes most grown people have sex. We mght not all be having kinky sex and certainly not as much as these girls, but some people are such prudes that anything even remotely sexual is going to ruffle their feathers.<br />These characters are consumed with getting older and trying to find relationships. Even the promiscous Samantha really does want to settle down with one man, but since she's been burned a few times she's pretending that empty sex is enough for her when the truth is that she resorts to that because that's all she can get.<br />These women are not supposed to be role models and their behavior surely isn't anything that a normal person would want to imitate. I actually feel sorry for them in most episodes because they are truly miserable. Carrie loves a man who won't commit to her. Charlotte believes in fairy tales and happily-ever after. Miranda is jaded and harsh. And Samantha is oversexed and shallow.<br />Nonetheless, I enjoy the show because it's funny and well-written. I too am single and in my 30's in an urban area, so I can appreciate a lot of what these women are going through. But  I'm not about to start sleeping around and maxing out my credit card on couture shoes just because I see some fictional characters doing it on television. It's just entertainment.on television. It's just entertainment.
B00006AW2G|5.0|When Mick Jagger released his first solo album (She's the Boss), said that his favorite record with the Stones was Let it Bleed.<BR>It is not difficult to see why. <BR>You have some songs that quickly became classics (Gimme Shelter, You can't always get what you want); you have several examples of good country rock (you got the silver, which is the first song where Keith Richards is the lead singer; country honk which is the country version of honky tonk women; and love in vain, which adds some country flavor to one of robert johnson's finest compositions); you have aggressive bass lines (live with me) and some very solid rock (monkey man).<BR>There are 2 other songs in this record. One is Midnight Rambler, that the Stones performed in most of their concerts in the 1970s. The other is Let it Bleed, which is what you need to listen to to understand how good were Keith on guitar, Charlie on drums, Bill on bass, and how extraordinary was Stu (Ian Stewart). <BR>This is one of the best albums by the Stones and one of the best albums in rock history. One of the best ever.
B00008AWOD|4.0|Placebo surely did a great job with this Album, it has so great songs! It Rocks! So good Music, and has good lyrics, but at comparison with other albums, the lyrics seem emptier than the other songs<BR>1.- Bulletproof Cupid - Instrumental, great song, it could be better if it wasn't instrumental! 8/10<BR>2.- English Summer Rain - Very good song! a little catchy 9/10<BR>3.- This Picture - This is a GREAT SONG, emotional, it take more than 1 listen to like it, 10/10<BR>4.- Sleeping With Ghosts - great melody on this song, and catchy 9/10<BR>5.- The Bitter End - Another GREAT SONG, can't get tired of this one! 10/10<BR>6.- Something Rotten - Starts Slow, but then gets good, however isn't that great, but worth listening it 7/10<BR>7.- Platicine - The heaviest song on the CD, sometimes get annoying 8/10<BR>8.- Special Needs - Another Slow Song, and emotional, its a good song, good instrumental end 8/10<BR>9.- I'll Be Yours - Didn't like this song at all, but it isn't bad 6/10<BR>10.- Second Sight - Another GREAT SONG, with fast melody and is catchy 10/10<BR>11.- Protect Me ... - A pretty song, deep 9/10<BR>12.- Centrefolds - Very good song, for closing the CD, its confortable hearing this song 10/10<BR>I also recommend The Other Albums, they're good<BR>Especially the Songs<BR>-Every You, Every Me<BR>-Special K<BR>-36 Degrees<BR>-Nancy Boy<BR>-Without You I'm Nothing<BR>-Slave To The Wage<BR>and much more, but can't remember the title of them<BR>In fact, Placebo is a great band, I guess they need to listen then on the radio More!
B0000AXE8I|5.0|This is a very enjoyable movie to watch.  The special effects are great, and I wasn't bored for a second watching the movie.  Although some of the scenes were awkward (the rave scene, etc) I had a good time watching it.
B0000DBJDM|5.0|Pros:<BR>FAR superior picture quality over past issues<BR>VERY good sound remix, including surround sound.<BR>Includes original version of film<br />Cons:<BR>Director's cut shows LESS of the band playing and MORE statuary, street scenes, NASA footage, subway footage (including noise over the music!), CGI, other Floyd footage etc. What a mistake!<br />Lackluster 'bonus' material (lyrics and press clippings that are too small to read, a few album covers, other material with NO description/explanation)<br />Awkward menu.<BR>-----------<BR>So why five stars? The sound and picture are so improved, just watch the original version and ignore the rest.
B00006IM9Q|5.0|If you like Blondie, think you could love them but don't know for sure (and can't find THE PLATINUM COLLECTION), or just want the hits - voil.<br />No, this won't have the album tracks you love, as it is only one disk, or those b-sides you have on a time-worn 7\\", or anything . . . this just has hits. And they are BRILLIANT!!! Not a weak track here.<br />Unlike the ridiculously short 1981 THE BEST OF BLONDIE, here we have the punk roots of the band, in the form of their dbut single \\"X Offender,\\" and the venomous yet often hilarious \\"Rip Her to Shreds,\\" as well as their first hit - a #1 in Australia (yay!) - \\"In the Flesh.\\" (This is a \\"remix\\"  don't worry, it's not techno  for BEST OF by Mike Chapman, where the original was produced by Richard Gottehrer.)<br />We have the pop hits that first brought Blondie to recognition, in the UK - \\"Denis,\\" \\"(I'm always touched by your) Presence, Dear,\\" and \\"Picture This.\\" Somehow, none of these were hits in the U.S., but then, only the first two were released on singles there.<br />And, of course, the hit that snapped America to attention - \\"Heart of Glass\\" (another Mike Chapman \\"remix\\" from 1981, and this one's good too - it's also the one the video was set to), and all the ones that followed - \\"Atomic\\" (album version!), \\"The Tide is High,\\" \\"Rapture\\" (a 1981 promo 12\\" version!), \\"Dreaming,\\" \\"One Way or Another.\\" . . . It's also a nice touch to have ignored singles like the terrific \\"The Hardest Part,\\" the 1982 farewell-ing \\"Island of Lost Souls,\\" and a return to the spotlight with \\"Maria\\" (#82 in the U.S. in 1998, but #1 in the UK same year! At least now eveyone can know it's a great song.)<br />There are also two great songs that were hits in the UK at the same time - \\"Sunday Girl\\" (in a semi-French version - je t'aime . . .) and the fantastic \\"Union City Blue.\\" (One of the reasons I love this CD is because I can have that and \\"One Way or Another\\" on the same disk - of course, on THE PLATINUM COLLECTION, \\"OWOA\\" is at the end of disk 1, and \\"UCB\\" at the start of disk 2!!! [And the only version of THE BEST OF BLONDIE we could get here, the British version, deleted \\"OWOA\\" for \\"UCB\\"  and added \\"Denis\\" and \\"Picture This.\\"]Plus, the sound isn't as good as here  and that goes to all tracks.) <BR>The liner notes - being up to date (c. 2001) - give the best short overview of the Blondie history.<br />So, this is the best Blondie for beginners - or for fans, the best collection of the hits so far. (No techno remixes, either! Note also, it's now the non-fraudulent \\"GREATEST HITS\\" - \\"BEST OF\\"'s never have the best to _you_! ;-))
6300213005|5.0|In the near future, Detroit is jam-packed with gangs and narcotic dealers. After being shot to pieces by a vicious gang, a cop (Peter Weller) is redesigned into a cyborg cop (Robocop) that is capable of stopping any crime. Though he works very well, he seeks retaliation over the punks who killed him.<br />Although the sequel does a superior job utilizing the bleak, cartoonish future, Paul Verhoeven (Total Recall, Basic Instinct, Showgirls) does a commendable job displaying the action scenes and scenarios with an accompanying, cohesive plot. The most notable scenes are the ones that mock modern news by displaying them in the ugly future, where considerable disaster is spoken of as a normalcy. <br />If you like this film, I'd also recommend Terminator 2.<br />Overall rating 4.7 stars (rounded to 5)<br />Rated R for strong graphic violence, gore, language, drug-use, brief nudity.
B0000A1RJI|4.0|I don't normally buy soundtracks, but I picked this one up just because.<br />This is a good example of how a soundtrack should be. The music sets the pace for the story, and is not based upon popular music stars. It is all-orchestral. The imagery is quite vivid and fits well with the pirate theme, bringing memories of the swashbuckling movies that I have usually enjoyed.<br />There is nothing to distract from the ambiance of the music as there are no Lyrics, and this allows one to listen to the soundtrack numerous times without really growing tired of it.<br />When I first purchased the soundtrack, I was working with some miniatures (Warhammer), and the soundtrack helped me relax as I was painting them, and even helped me to focus more on what I was attempting to do.<br />If you enjoyed the movie, the soundtrack recalls scenes and is nearly as fun to listen to, as The Pirates of the Caribbean was to watch.<br />Overall, I would recommend this soundtrack, as change of pace music, or if you enjoy orchestral music.<br />Running time: 43:37<br />15 songs: Fog Bound, The Medallion Calls, The Black Pearl, Will and Elizabeth, Swords Crossed, Walk the Plank, Barbossa Is Hungry, Blood Ritual, Moonlight Serenade, To the Pirates' Cave!, Skull and Crossbones, Bootstrap's Bootstraps, Underwater March, One Last Shot, He's a Pirate.<br />Review refers to CD version
B0000584V3|3.0|Opeth is clearly a talented band but this album is largely uninteresting. It's not the death metal influence that makes it inacessable, but its overreliance on endless song structure and the dizzying formula of switching from heavy to acoustic that does make it unappealing. I find the acoustic sections to be quite good, but the same can not be said about a majority of the louder pieces, although many of the guitar lines are beautiful (drapery falls). The singer does have a good voice and his growl is considerably more polished compared to most death metal voices. The lyrics are good and descriptive, but there is a prententious feel to them that makes them difficult to get into. <br />I am unable to say that Opeth is one of my favorite bands, but they are a unique band that the more simple-minded will have trouble understanding. Despite my feelings, I have no desire to not recommend this to you. For hardcore Opeth fans, this is all for you. For others who wish to get into Opeth's music, download The Leper Affinity, Bleak, Harvest, Drapery Falls, and Dirge For November, as well as listen to My Arms, You Hearse, their best work to date.
B000002BBY|4.0|This is a GOOD c.d. I mean, you put it on and on the first song you hear you're already like, holy crap, this is going to rock! I wish they wouldn't have opened w/ a slow song (that's still good, but why would you open w/ a slow song versus a uptempo one?) but the rest still kicks butt and leaves other so-called-rock bands in the dust. Oasis's sounds are almost like your listening to an up to date version of the beatles [whom they are greatly influenced by]. This example of Brit pop [::Shiver:: I hate that word] is definitely worth the listen. But in the great words of the black guy on reading rainbow &quot;-Don't take my word for it.&quot; Pick it up and see for yourself!
B000089RVX|4.0|I will admit that this album did not have me at hello. However, several enchanting songs did warrant repeat listens, and the album as a whole has really grown on me. Amy's vocals are captivating and very admirable--someone has taught that girl how to SING. I won't go through the whole album, but critique a few songs/moments.<BR>*Song 3: &quot;Everybody's Fool&quot;<BR>This is by far my favorite song on this disc. The technical virtuosity is there, and the lyrics are stronger than at other places on the album. I enjoy the contrasting low moments and powerful climax. This song is a keeper.<BR>*Song 7: &quot;Imaginary&quot;<BR>The beginning of this song is amazing, with a unique strings introduction. Amy's vocal intro is not bad, but it would be far more convincing if she had stuck to nonword syllables rather than wailing &quot;PAPER FLOWERS&quot;! This song tends to go downhill from there.<br />As a whole this entire album is like that: moments of sheer beauty and clarity followed by moments of questionable confusion and transparent stunts. I won't say Evanescence is &quot;taking over me&quot; but with a voice like Amy's to lead there is plenty of room to go up.
B00005JKC3|1.0|So many worthless movies, so little time.  Well, ok.  This one seems to be the culmination of the idiotic craze that started back in, oh, 1996 or so - the computer special effects movie.  First Jurassic Park (which really was a fantastic movie, especially at that time before the ghastly sequel Lost World was released) then Independence Day (which kind of sucked), then absymally painful epics like Volcano or Twister.  The trend has only continued and the level of sheer stupidity progressively descends as I look on in terrified wonderment.  This one, unsurprizingly, tries to cash in (a little too late) on the retarded &quot;retro 70's&quot; trend that started with movies like Pulp Fiction and worked its way into things like Beck and Beastie Boys videos way back in like 94 (on a side note Pulp Fiction has aged terribly - kind of like a Jesus Jones album -this may or may not be because of the explosion of P.F. rip-offs).  It also tries to cash in on the &quot;comic book character movie&quot; trend that started with the so-so &quot;Spider Man.&quot;<br />What the executives failed to realize with this movie is that: the retro 70's trend is DEAD and only looser teenagers with no sense of identity and nothing to do still think it's cool /// the original 70's hulk tv show was absolutely terrible /// computer effects can only float a movie for so long /// you can only push your luck so long with making one bomb after another /// handing a ridiculous movie over to an &quot;artsy&quot; asian director does not neccesarily give you positive results (especially when the movie is playing off the &quot;70's&quot; that is, a purely American cultural trend that this director probably cannot understand in any way) /// the reason &quot;Spider Man&quot; worked is because Sam Raimi directed it /// The &quot;Hulk&quot; comic book was a looser through and through -lame characters, lamer villians, and when compared to much better comics like X-Men, was literally unbuyable /// throwing money at a movie does not make it a better movie.<br />The Hollywood big budget result is so utterly painful to watch that I really lack words to describe it.  I would have to invent new words in order to somehow illuminate the cultural horror (on so many levels) that this represents.  Movies like this simply need to DIE.<br />There used to be and still is a kind of movie that is known as &quot;straight to video&quot; - this is what &quot;The Hulk&quot; SHOULD have been.  This green hued garbage should have never made it into theaters.at a movie does not make it a better movie.<br />The Hollywood big budget result is so utterly painful to watch that I really lack words to describe it.  I would have to invent new words in order to somehow illuminate the cultural horror (on so many levels) that this represents.  Movies like this simply need to DIE.  <br />There used to be and still is a kind of movie that is known as &quot;straight to video&quot; - this is what &quot;The Hulk&quot; SHOULD have been.  This green hued garbage should have never made it into theaters.
B00009027B|5.0|There's no way I'm the first one to talk about this one!!!<BR>No matter what music you like, this will be in your top5. I promise!!!! Give it a chance. PEACE....
B0000E2FLC|5.0|I don't know why this DVD was lauched in Brazil at the beggining of this year (2003)and only now in the US. Really great concert for the \\"Monsters of Rock\\" in 1991. 18 songs, over 2 hours of pure rock. You can buy it with your eyes closed.
B00008PW3Q|4.0|This is a great album with a lot of different sounds and styles.  Now, how about a remix of &quot;Thrown Down&quot;?
B00005JMVD|5.0|I, too, went to see \\"Concert for George\\" and was the only one in the theater.  It was a bit unnerving but completely enjoyable.  I can't understand why this wasn't publicized more, since it was such a sincere tribute by such outstanding artists.  It was also moving to see his son playing guitar all through the performance.  Ringo and Paul also were there, sadly reminding us that they were the only 2 Beatles left.<BR>The movie was not shown again.<BR>I hope it comes out on VHS.  I would certainly buy it.
B0000AZJXQ|5.0|With \\"Thirteenth Step\\" the guys in APC have managed to surpass all that's ever been created in the realm of progressive metal. The album sends you on a dimly lit journey within yourself, forcing you deeper into your subconscious. Each song aids you along an emotional quest that leaves you needing more.<BR>Keep an eye out for their tour this fall. Highest possible recommendation!
B00005Q4CS|4.0|This movie is a stunningly amazing film, that actually takes you into the mind, of a drug addict.  With the camera shots and angles it twists your mind and suddenly you have the eyes of the characters.  You feel the pain of the needles and feel the fear and hopelessness doom of the characters. The loneliness of the mother and her longing to do something meaningful in her average boring life.  The dreams of them all to just be happy comes into your view with the brilliant cinematography. Down to the dilating eyes, the breathes they take, and the anxious and jittery restlessness of the mother.  <br />Everything was perfectly executed up to the delusions of the mother, up to the desperate and unsteady personalizes of the kids by there confrontations with danger and drastic actions to keep up the habit.  <br />The only thing that wasn't accurate was the ECT treatments that the mother received.  Nowadays, a person receiving ECT will be put out, or put to sleep, and only there toes convulse.  This attempt to make the viewer feel pity for the convulsing mother was irking.  <br />But in all, This movie accomplishes what I believe it was trying to do, it makes you feel how it is to be a drug addict, and in turn, you won't even want to pick up that prescription you had refilled.
B000089RVX|4.0|From the very first listen I loved the vocals but I was a little disapointed with parts of this CD .The singer is great ,I mean (WOW) her emotion and feelings really shine like very few popular artist around (I mean lots of chart toping singers sing well but Evanescence vocals just melt you) , further more she is actually not counting on her looks to impress, (its all about her voice) thats pretty rare these days. The atmospheres of the music definatly work, its moody and has a easy to listen to sound, However<BR>If you are looking for the musicianship of more progressively minded bands like Lacuna Coil, The Gathering (a few years ago) or perhaps even Nightwish or Edenbridge, perhaps you should look elsewhere . You know what the worst thing about this is ? There seems to be an inner conflict of interests within the artist ,I mean it comes so close to being great but the music isn`t sure what it is? Either these guys should decide if their market is aimed at the 15 year olds or Mature their Image (for the sake of their own longevity in this their choosen genre (lets face they sound too nice to be Goth, Its a ploy of Evanescence to try and find a market $$$ &lt;&lt;(In my own opinion) these guys I consider are almost semi prog. From a Muso`s point of view (mine) they are stuck in the middle. Too bad really because Evanescence does have alot of talent I`d like to see em stick around not get consumed by the image stuff, with that said I know many good Goth bands, Evanescence strike me as something else though, If you buy this CD your probably going to like it more and more with each play. I hope other young bands sit up and take notice of Evanescence its good to see music in the charts thats not Lacking of substance. The lyrics are good the vocals are great the music in places is great. Its a pretty good CD , you could do alot worse than Evanescence
B000063COX|5.0|This is the album which was the beginning of these heavy metal masters.The album is fast,raw and full of energy all throughout the cd.This cd is in the same vein as metallica's kill em all.Their sound would progress and get better but this is a solid first release.Go out and get this today.UP THE IRONS!!!
0345442970|5.0|~In that Palpatine was evil, and at one point when Queen Amadalia was to return to Naboo, Brooks made it a point to say that Jar-Jar thought he had seen Palpatine smile slightly. Any Star Wars fan knows who Senator Palpatine is, and who he becomes later. I don't need to know that he is evil; I need a reason to understand how he ascended to power. I want to see him how the other characters see him. Luceno does an excellent job at this. I found the Senator from Naboo quite likeable and could easily~ see how he was able to manipulate events in his favor. <br />He also explained Qui-Gon's impossible conflicts that only the Jedi could overcome, and the cute little creature who saves the day. Luceno's twists left me satisfied for the way the book concluded, as well as the fact that I understood everyone's motivation. Stories that pit noble heroes against faceless dark villains who seem to be motivated to evil for no apparent reason except for the sake of evil seems to be an accepted practice in storytelling. Bad guys are so evil that we can't relate to them on any level, we root~ for their demise and cheer when it happens, which is merely a reflection of our current world where we know who are enemies are and want them destroyed despite not knowing anything about them, their motivations, or why the want to destroy us. That is not the case with~ Luceno paints of the state of the Republic.
B000089RVX|1.0|she's annoyin=g and why she dresses like a &quot;Goth&quot; if they don't gven reach the G cause they aren't that hard!
B000089RVR|5.0|This totally works as an album. Listen to it all the way through and you'll be transported into Dido's world of pleasant melancholy. Gorgeous tracks, I particularly like 'Mary's in India', 'Life for Rent' and, of course 'White Flag'. An excellent follow up to No Angel, and you'll find yourself humming the tracks without realising it.
B000002U82|2.0|Thank you dear Terrence, for telling us, in spite of your awful name, the whole history of this album, which you certainly know better than Roger Waters himself (but who cares anyway, aren't we here for reviews?)<BR>Anyway, I couldn't read in the quasi-novel you posted any argument which assures that this is a masterpiece.<BR>You gave a lot of information (again, who asked for it?), and mere opinions: &quot;this one is a classic, and that one is good as well&quot;. Ok, and I say &quot;I don't consider this a classic, and I think that one is not good at all&quot;. What's the problem? Did I hurt you? Sorry, but that's what I think.<BR>If someone asks me about this album, I would tell him not to buy it, and for the specific reasons I gave before. That's the purpose of this section, not showing our huge knowledge of this or that artist.<BR>As for my inclination to music, I'd better not reply to what you said about it, or I'd get very offensive. I only tell you: don't be so rigid. Rigid people should not be allowed to post reviews.<BR>&quot;If you don't like TDSOTM you don't understand music&quot;, it reminds me of something like &quot;If you're not white, tall and blonde, then you're inferior&quot;,..., &quot;Let's invade Poland&quot;, ... you know ...
B00005QK3D|3.0|After Kai Hansen left Helloween (in their very peak), the expectations were too high. The Keepers's success was too much. In the end, the &quot;different&quot; music of Pink Bubbles couldn't do it and everyone was pretty dissapointed. <br />Pink Bubbles shows a whole different kind of riffs, not very close to power-metal standards, and that was a major mistake at that time. In the other hand, the lyrics don't tell stories about heroes or mystical stuff, they're way too far from that.<br />Highlights: Kids Of The Century, Someone's Crying, The Chance, Your Turn (a nice &quot;power-ballad&quot;).
B0000AUHPG|5.0|This is Leone's best film and one of the best westerns ever made and, well, a film classic. Leone has run with the idea that the western is myth. If it wasn't this way, well, maybe it should have been. Leone is a brilliant story-teller. The cast and crew of this film have augmented his vision tremendously. All production values are top notch.<br /><br />Charles Bronson IS excellent in this film. Jason Robards is his foil. Henry Fonda is downright creepy.<br /><br />This is an excellent remastering. I've never seen this film look so good. The aspect ratio is indeed 2.35:1. In addition to the original mono their is a 5.1 remix. This release is loaded, and I mean loaded, with extras.<br /><br />In Germany only (they are BIG on westerns there), there is a deluxe wood box set with the addition of a harmonica and a CD of Ennio Morricone's most achingly beautiful and remarkable film score. Why this wasn't a US option, who knows. A 20 track CD of the score is available separately. You'll have to track down a harmonica on your own.<br /><br />Others have described the story aspects. I'll just say it's rather reminescent of John Ford reinterpreting Homer with an infusion of Shakepearean pathos. Nah. Let's just say -- this is a great film, a classic.
B00006LI26|4.0|Helloween's Walls Of Jericho shows the real importance of Kai Hansen in the band. All the fast riffs, the &quot;epic&quot; choruses...all of what Helloween was about was because of Kai Hansen. So, there's no surprise in finding Gamma Ray's albums very similar to Walls Of Jericho, and of course, if you like GammaRay, you'll like this one.
B00003CXD5|5.0|The American Film Institute's (AFI)1998 Top 100 American Movies in the first 100 years placed &quot;The Treasure of the Sierra Madre&quot; at #30.  This 1947 western classic was one of Warner Brothers (WB) Studios many Classic movies produced in the 1930's &amp;40's. (ie, Adventures of Robin Hood (1938), Casablanca (1942), Yankee Doodle Dandy to name a few).  The WB had a stable of Stars like; Bogart, Cagney, Flynn, Bergman, Barrymore, Rains, Bacall, Greenstreet, Lorre &amp; De Haviland to name a few which produced an abundance of classics in short order. <br />Well for the first time WB has meticulously digitally remastered their classics of old under the DVD &quot;Two Disc Special Edition&quot; Series.  These DVD's are outstanding and the Feature Film is worth the price of admission alone, but Warner Brothers has provided us a 2 DVD set with everything for us to escape to 1947 Hollywood and relive the movie theatre experience.  DISC 1 - Provides us with a &quot;Night at the Movies&quot; (circa 1947) This is pure genius (hats off to the WB) and the viewer experiences a complete show (so get the popcorn ready, this is fun stuff!!!!) To begin Leonard Maltin gives us an introduction to this 1947 show followed by coming attractions, a newsreel, a cartoon, a short subject film and then the Feature film all back to back just like the movies.  AWESOME.  Also on Disc 1 are 12 Humphrey Bogart film trailers.  Thats just the first disc!!!   DISC 2 - Has a 2 hour documentary on the life of Director John Huston (2 Oscar's, Direction &amp; Screen Play for &quot;The Treasure of Sierra Madre&quot;), Documentary on &quot;Discovering the Treasure of.....&quot;, Classic Bugs Bunny Cartoon, Storyboards, Cast &amp; Crew, Publicity Materials Gallery and a 1949 Radio broadcast starring Bogart &amp; Walter Huston (Oscar winner for best supporting in Treasure (also John Hustons father)).<br />Warner Brothers did a fabulous job digitally transferring (the picture &amp; sound are perfect)this Full Screen Black &amp; White feature to DVD and there's more classic movies to come.  I can't wait.  This a must have for your home theatre experience.  Enjoy.
B000089RVX|5.0|I love this CD. All of the songs are very listen-able, and I don't have to skip any of them.<br />Amy Lee is extremely AMAZING!
B000003CMD|4.0|After lengtly Fillmore and Eat A Peach discs, this album almost seems like an ep coming from the Allmans. Duane had already passed away, and Berry Oakley only contributed on two tracks before he was killed, so the recording of this disc couldnt been the best time for Grreg Allman. Maybe thats a reason for its short lenghth. In fact, this disc has more cuts written by Dickey Betts than Greg,(Betts wrote 4, Greg 3). Of course this disc is prabaly best known for containing Betts's Rambling man, but for me the highlights are Greg's Come and Go Blues and the equally bluesy Jelly Jelly.  Jessica, an instrumental by Betts, is a great song also. While Im sure this album was recorded during a terrible time personally for the Allmans, It has stood the test of time well, and is one of their finer studio albums
B000007OY0|5.0|Without reservation, I would say that The Shawshank Redemption is the best movie I have ever seen (and I've seen quite a few).  Other reviewers have probably done a better job of explaining why.  All I know is that the visuals are superb.  The score is inspiring.  The acting is incredible.  Morgan Freeman is probably the best actor around, and Tim Robbins is one of my favorites as well as extremely underrated.  This is one of the few movies that my husband and I both love and that we watch over and over.  It never gets routine or boring - even already knowing all the twists and turns.  There is something new to discover each time it is viewed.  The characters are so well written and acted.  They and the plot blend seamlessly to create an undeniable masterpiece.
038572179X|5.0|Bravo--if you want a book that will drop your chin at the end, I reccommend this book. Mr. McEwan's uses his pen like a magician's wand and leaves you mesmerized at the end.
B00000JCOV|5.0|WOW WOW and WOW. This is the first album from SlipKnoT (not including M.F.K.R)and what an album it is! jus BUY BUY BUY!
B000089RVR|5.0|Dido's long awaited album is finally out. Her latest album is by no means another enjoyable listen. Her soulful voice has once again touched my heart but in another level this time round.Her voice really touches the soul and the heart. One of my favourite tracks is life for rent. All in all, its another splendid album yet. Kudos Dido.
B000002H33|5.0|This Metallica album has everything. even though no song is under 5 minutes, they keep it cool with huge guitar solos that keep you listening. they could have put more songs on the album because ive listened to it so many times and each time i finish it really fast. anyways all the songs kick ass (except for number 7 \\"orion\\" the instrumental). in order from best to worst i would have to say welcome home (sanitarium), leper messiah, master of puppets, the thing that should not be, disposable heroes, battery, damage inc., and orion.  DONT PASS ON THIS ALBUM if u just have st. anger and u like it, this is much better you wont regret this buy.
B000069AUI|4.0|A Rush of the Blood to the Head is the best album of the year because all the songs are awesome especially \\"In My Place\\", \\"The Scientist\\", and \\"Clocks\\". Some other songs are fairly good but not as good as the songs I like. When I bought the album, I listened and became addicted to it. This CD had been in my CD player for one whole month, and I listen to it every day even when I am doing my homework. I let my friend borrow the album and she liked it also. My friend usually listens to rap/rock and she hates Coldplay. The next day she went out and bought the album. I recommend this album to anyone who likes slow and peaceful music.
630521610X|5.0|When Scream was released in cinemas back in 1996 it provided a much-needed injection of life into the horror genre. It was a movie with all aspects of horror rolled into one and also managed to stand out from the crowd as the most original and enjoyable slasher flicks in years. Although the creepiness and scary moments of this film are debatable, the clever incorporation of pop culture wit and humour is undeniable. You only have to look at horror films from the past 30 years to see the influence they have had on Scream, yet you only have to look at films in the post-Scream era such as \\"I Know What You Did Last Summer\\" and \\"The Blair Witch Project\\" to see the influence that this film has had on the world of cinema and the horror genre on the whole.<br /><br />The phone calls come thick and fast in the film, and they work very well by creating the sense of ambiguity that every viewer will try to solve. The killer revealed at the end is certainly unexpected. When I first saw the film, I could not have predicted who the killer could have been. Of course as you are watching the film, you run through all the potential serial killers in your head, but you never imagine the outcome. This isn't your average slice and dice horror film, where the killer has no reason to kill his victims. He has his reasons, yet the delve into his mind is never fully understood. We can only take his word that what he's doing is some act of revenge or jealously. It all seems like a down and out killing spree where he kills not because he has to, but because he wants to - he likes to. The Scream mask that has no eyes or nose but one long white mouth is totally iconic and has definitely earned its place in cinema history. It's this screen play that makes the film. The man behind the mask is clumsy, and this is where the humour is based. The killer isn't someone who always knows where his victims are. He tries to think he does, but he doesn't and the results are very humorous. This also rubs off on the killer's clueless victims.<br /><br />Despite a fantastic script, even the best of films will fail without a decent cast and Scream is luckily blessed with some of Hollywood's cream of the crop. Neve Campbell plays the lead of Sidney, while Courtney Cox, fresh off her ratings success on hit comedy Friends, is spot-on as the self-centered and arrogant news reporter. David Arquette is annoying at first, but he does grow on you towards the end as the dim-witted deputy sherriff. A young Drew Barrymore is awesome in her short ten minutes at the beginning of the film of which she is responsible for the iconic status the film has achieved. Rose McGowan is perfectly cast as Sidney's best friend, while Skeet Ulrich and Matthew Lillard play their roles brilliantly and are the perfect horror couple! I don't think that in a horror film you could come up with a better cast of characters, all unique in their own way, and that is perhaps the secret behind the success of Scream.<br /><br />OVERALL GRADE: 10/10<br /><br />In 1996 I was nine years old, so I obviously didn't see this film when it was first released. In about 2000 I saw it for the first time, and loved every minute. I am very into the horror genre, and Scream scared the pants off me! Now that I'm older and just turned 16, I don't see the film as very scary, but more for its comedy value. Three years ago, my friends would laugh their heads off watching Scream and I'd be like, \\"How can you laugh?! It's terrible what he's doing!\\" I'm totally different now! I don't know why I'm saying this because I can't imagine anyone in their teens or 20's who hasn't seen Scream before, but if you haven't, just give it a go. It's a classic.ler's clueless victims.    Despite a fantastic script, even the best of films will fail without a decent cast and Scream is luckily blessed with some of Hollywood's cream of the crop. Neve Campbell plays the lead of Sidney, while Courtney Cox, fresh off her ratings success on hit comedy Friends, is spot-on as the self-centered and arrogant news reporter. David Arquette is annoying at first, but he does grow on you towards the end as the dim-witted deputy sherriff. A young Drew Barrymore is awesome in her short ten minutes at the beginning of the film of which she is responsible for the iconic status the film has achieved. Rose McGowan is perfectly cast as Sidney's best friend, while Skeet Ulrich and Matthew Lillard play their roles brilliantly and are the perfect horror couple! I don't think that in a horror film you could come up with a better cast of characters, all unique in their own way, and that is perhaps the secret behind the success of Scream.    OVERALL GRADE: 10/10    In 1996 I was nine years old, so I obviously didn't see this film when it was first released. In about 2000 I saw it for the first time, and loved every minute. I am very into the horror genre, and Scream scared the pants off me! Now that I'm older and just turned 16, I don't see the film as very scary, but more for its comedy value. Three years ago, my friends would laugh their heads off watching Scream and I'd be like, \\"How can you laugh?! It's terrible what he's doing!\\" I'm totally different now! I don't know why I'm saying this because I can't imagine anyone in their teens or 20's who hasn't seen Scream before, but if you haven't, just give it a go. It's a classic.
B000060P79|3.0|I love &quot;Addicted&quot;, &quot;My Alien&quot;, and &quot;Perfect&quot;; the songs are great! If you don't have this album, I urge you to buy it! Just kidding!
B000089CJI|5.0|Really it does. If you cannot feel the warm feeling in this music, then I suggest you relax a little. Take things a bit slower maybe. Let yourself enjoy something simply because it makes you smile. And it's always OK to dance.
B00005QHPQ|5.0|I love Enrique Iglesias! The number one song on this album is &quot;Escape&quot;; the video is awesome. Anna Kournikova is so lucky to have him for a boyfriend.
B00005JMJ5|4.0|My feelings are mixed about this movie.  From what I have read in the professional reviews of this movie, the opinions are just as mixed.  In sum, it is a movie that will hopefully give one something to think about at its surprising conclusion.<br />Simply put, THE HUMAN STAIN is pretty much a revampted telling of an old tale that has facinated white audience since forever  and opened wounds and insulted some black audiences.  But, it stands apart from all its other predecesors out of the Hollywood movie machine in a good way that makes it worth seeing in that it's lead character played by Anthony Hopkins isn't stereotypically sympathetic and has depth. Still, his manipulative, cannibalistic and criminal Hannibal Lector has more integrity than his Coleman Silk.<br />The great and admirable Anthony Hopkins plays an aging professor with a dark secret who is accused of a racial slur by a student.  Through a series of flashbacks, his secret is gradually revealed to the audience--his being a black man passing as white-- as he tells his story to a reporter and begins an affair with a young illiterate janitor on campus, Nicole Kidman.  This young woman has a few secrets of her own like a possessive and obsessive husband.<br />Plotwise, I think the only minor flaw in the story will be that involving Kidman's charater's problems.  Only a little, they interrupt the real focus of interest of Hopkins's Silk.<br />Though another trite tale of the mulatto, at lease the characters are 3 diminional thanks to writing,Hopkin's, Kidman's and the supporting actors performances(e.g. Gary Sinise, Ed Harris and Wentworh Miller--the young black man who plays Hopkins in his youth, and Anna Deavere Smith whose scenes and  words to her son the young Silk are not fogettable, even Oscar worthy). Coleman Silk turns his back on his family and people to enjoy all the privileges and power of having white skin.  Instead of challeging prejudices, he enforces and caters to the very prejudices that deny him to be treated fairly as a black man.<br />At the movies conclusion one is forced to asked if anything has really changed for the better in real life. From what I have noticed in popular culture, the media and all the answer is.....<br />Though the majority of black Americans like the characters played by Wentworth Miller and Anna Deavere Smith are a racially and culturally mixed people regardless of the complexion of skin ,or, whether both parents are black American or one  parent is white or whatever,  there are still those who will run as far away from being labeled black as they can get and declare themselves as separate but equal instead of challeging old inherited ideas of bigotry. Political correctness has warped into a new mask to hide self-hatred and racism. There are versions of Coleman Silks that still exist today, both dark and fair skinned, in the black community--even other non-black communities. Society still hasn't shed all its prejudices for those it looks upon as having the wrong skin color ,or, set of parents.y him to be treated fairly as a black man.<br />At the movies conclusion one is forced to asked if anything has really changed for the better in real life. From what I have noticed in popular culture, the media and all the answer is.....  <br />Though the majority of black Americans like the characters played by Wentworth Miller and Anna Deavere Smith are a racially and culturally mixed people regardless of the complexion of skin ,or, whether both parents are black American or one  parent is white or whatever,  there are still those who will run as far away from being labeled black as they can get and declare themselves as separate but equal instead of challeging old inherited ideas of bigotry. Political correctness has warped into a new mask to hide self-hatred and racism. There are versions of Coleman Silks that still exist today, both dark and fair skinned, in the black community--even other non-black communities. Society still hasn't shed all its prejudices for those it looks upon as having the wrong skin color ,or, set of parents.
1577311523|4.0|I have been listening to the CD version of this book in my car. The biggest problem I have is needing to write down either something he says or my reaction to a statement he makes at 70 miles per hour. While that reflects a thoughtful response to a book that encourages you to not think about life, but to experience the moment, it still is the best way I know to express how profound I think the book is. I do a lot of reading in the area of spirituality and self actualization and can say that he does an excellent job of expressing the truths in many religious traditions in a way that complements those essential truths. If you have a mind that wants to race through reality and you want to try and stop it so you can connect with whatever you percieve as the universal force this would be a great read, or if you have the Cassette/CD a great listen. Now that I have just about completed my first pass through I plan on listening to this again in a comfortable place where I am not trying to multi-task so that I can experience his words more fully. I do think there are some advantages to having the spoken version rather than reading the book. First, is that it makes it a little easier to access the work multiple times. Second, is that I think reading engages the mind more than listening. While I haven't done it yet my theory is that experiencing this work in a safe and quiet place will open me up to an even more profound experience than I have gotten on my first more cerebral pass through. I gave this a 4 instead of a 5 it is because I almost never rate anything a 5. In my opinion this work of art is about as good as it gets.
B00005JMFO|3.0|Humorously enough, the movie was exactly the kind of product described by the washed up rock star character who'd butchered his classic oldie (turning it into a holiday song) to try to get just a little more money out of the system: a golden turd.  While the audience I was with got a lot of chuckles out of this story, the whole thing felt really cobbled together and insubstantial. It's a shame because there really were so many great actors in this movie - and yet none of them seemed to have any more than just cameo bits. It just felt like such a \\"product\\" - with nudity for pleasure and little kiddies dancing and singing for sentiment. On the other hand, there's not much terribly wrong with being pleasant and meaningless, despite the fact that you will doubtfully forget you ever saw this movie about five minutes after you walk out of the theater. Too bad - writer/director Richard Bean had such originality with \\"Four Weddings and a Funeral.\\" Maybe he, like the rock star character he created, is hoping that a hit will help him hook a chippie so he can have a happy holiday. It'll make a good rental. (FYI: I read the other reviews before I went to a preview yesterday in Seattle and I'm convinced they were written by movie studio hacks.)
B00003CWRX|3.0|The Insider (1999). Rated &#34;R&#34;. Running Time: 2 hours, 37 mins. Directed by Michael Mann, Based on a true story that unfolded behind-the-scenes on the CBS tv series &#34;60 Minutes&#34;, Russell Crowe (L.A. Confidential) plays a scientist, Dr. Wigand, now a teacher, who use to work for a tobacco company.  The producer, Lowell Bergman (Al Pacino) wants him to do an interview for 60 Minutes, however Dr. Wigand life ends up in danger.  Someone is stalking him around the new house and sends a threat to kill by email.   Christopher Plummer plays &#34;Mike Wallace&#34;.   Lindsay Crouse ([[ASIN:B000CEXEWA All the President's Men (Two-Disc Special Edition)]][1976], [[ASIN:B00005NRN8 Places in the Heart]] [1984]) also has a role.   Russell Crowe gained 40 pounds for the role and was nominated for an Academy Award.  Christopher Plummer was also nominated.  The next year Crowe lost 40 pounds and got back in perfect shape for the film [[ASIN:B00009ZYBY Gladiator (Widescreen Edition)]] (2000) and won the Academy Award for Best performance by An Actor.  Then the next year, he was nominated again for an Academy award for [[ASIN:B000FVQLQQ A Beautiful Mind]] (2001).  Many people thought he should have won for outstanding performance by an actor for A Beautiful Mind.  I'm sure Russell Crowe will be nominated again for an Academy Award in the future, perhaps sooner.  He is considered the most modern, versatile and talented actor of our time.   DVD includes a seven-minute production featurette, go inside a scene, read notes to actors, read the script, view the scene, and rated &#34;R&#34; theatrical trailer.   Thanks for filming in Louisville, Kentucky and the Seelbach Hotel.
B000089RVX|5.0|If you like the 2 songs they have out now, I really think you will enjoy the rest of their songs. &quot;My Immortal&quot; is a very beautiful. But you decide!! I'm listening to their CD right now..
B0000C16OQ|5.0|This is great. I was very excited to find out that a new version of the Grease soundtrack was being released. There are two discs, a songbook, and some great photos. The first disc is great, but, only greater. It is remastered from the original version. On the second disc, there are several re-mixes. There are also some unreleased songs on it. Also, you will find on the second disc, that there are some sing-along versions of some of the greatest hits from the movie (like &quot;You're the One That I Want&quot; and &quot;Summer Nights&quot;). This means that they are instrumental. Even if you already own the original version of the &quot;Grease&quot; soundtrack, you need to buy this one too. I am pretty sure that you will not be dissappointed.
B0000033OZ|5.0|I've been a fan of ELP since I first heard Tarkus in the early '70s. Saber rattling, aggressive, over the top rock-n-roll. ELP was at the forefront of progressive rock, blending classical, jazz and rock in a frantic keyboard driven fusion. ELP's music is more complex than any other rock band I am aware of. ELP was not only complex in the scope of the music, but often used complex 5/4 and 7/4 time signatures, which only jazz great Dave Brubeck and classical composers would dare use. They are as dark as Pink Floyd could ever be and just a touch more complex and grand in scope than the best work by Yes. And they manage to make this amazing music, which at times has the scope and feel of a whole symphony, with only three musicians and without any overdubs.<br />With their self titled debut, ELP redefined rock-n-roll.  What we heard on the radio was Greg Lake's mostly acoustic Lucky Man, about President Jack Kennedy.  Beyond that, this album was like no other before it.  (&quot;Lucky Man&quot; had me fooled!)  There had been progressive rock albums before this one, but none except Emerson's band &quot;The Nice&quot; freely adapted pieces from great classical composers.  The 12-1/2 minute &quot;Take a Pebble,&quot; another mostly acoustice peice by Lake, is darkly reminiscent of King Chrimson.  It is followed by &quot;Knife Edge,&quot; as chilling piece of music rock as was ever written.  It is driven by a speaker shaking bass line, with Lake's voice and Emerson's organ competing for edginess.  The synthesizer driven &quot;Tank,&quot; including Carl Palmer's lightning fast drum solo (which will bring many amplifiers to their knees), truly imparts the movement of a great, unstoppable machine of distruction.  The rest of the album is similarly compelling.<br />If you are looking for dance music, this isn't it.  This is music to be listened to, savored, and listened to again.  Pompus, arrogant, biting, driven.  Great art requires technical skill and the ability to affect the way we view the world. This album contains both.way we view the world. This album contains both.
B00006879E|5.0|After listening to &quot;Harder to Breathe&quot; on the radio, I had to get the CD. I must say that I was not disappointed. I could listen to the whole CD without have to fast forward. If you're into Rock/R&amp;B kind of music, I'm sure you'll love this CD.
B000025XKM|5.0|I feel very pure when listening to this.  The album is a journey from start to finish and is meant to be listened to in order...to feel the experience he's trying to invoke.  At first I read into this album too much 'cause of the whole thing about his suicide and all that....I feel like this guy was rather young but intelligent. There's only one song with accompaniment, Pink Moon...has a piano that I think fits.  I revisit this album on and off and like the subtlety and woodiness and purity of the songs.  They don't hook me with the usual writer hooks.  His voice reminds me of Donavan a bit and he's been compared to Van Morrison..but I think that it's only the time style of his stuff...the arrangement have simularity...but that's about it.  It's a great album.  I love it. (sorry about the randomness)
B0000C0FJB|5.0|Please look at the DVD for my review of the Rio portion of this performance - whic says in a nutshell that it's awesome, go out and buy it right away. And I'm one of those guys that has been seeing them live for 20-odd years and always complain they didn't play enough old stuff, especially certain songs. Oh well - they shut me up with this one. Period.<br />Bonus tracks:<BR>Between Sun and Moon: I always liked this song from &quot;Counterparts.&quot; It was a pleasant surprise to see them play this live, however of the two shows that I saw (the second show was in Oct 2002, so it featured basically the same setlist - minus Closer to The Heart - as the Rio portion), this song did not seem all that great. However, this recording proves that to be incorrect. The song is delivered with a raw energy and sound that reminds me of &quot;Fly by Night&quot;-era Rush.<br />Vital Signs: When &quot;Signals&quot; was released, the 45 of &quot;New World Man&quot; featured a b-side of &quot;Vital Signs&quot; live. I guess that's a rarity that I have. It was one of the tracks recorded for &quot;Exit Stage Left,&quot; that did not make the album. I thought that might be the only version I ever got of that. And i've seen them play it live many times. However, this is the best performance i've heard of this song.  i particularly like this new little guitar bit Alex adds near the end. <br />Both of these extras are a real treat. it makes you wish they had played a few other alternate songs throughout this tour and could have put a few more bonuses. But that's show business the right way. Always leave them wanting more...
B0000019HU|5.0|I was turned onto this album only a few years ago and after listening to it a few times realized that it was THE missing link album of the '90s sound.  It made other musics make sense and at the same time sucked me back to the confusing and lost times of my life as a late teen.  There are parts of these songs the evoke a very simular feeling as a Bruckner Symphony...and if you know Bruckner you know how powerful that is.  It's raw emotion and very carfuly calculated songs.  If you have any brain waves and appreciate many types of music..I assure you this will climb to the very tops of your personal charts.  BUY IT!
6304925131|5.0|Damon plays young and dashing Rudy Baylor who gets to work on a case that involves a sickridden boy and Baylor goes up against the powerful Jon Voight and his team. Damon also stars alonside Danny Glover, Dean Stockwell, Claire Danes, Danny DeVito, Johny Withworth, Mickey Rourke and Virginia Madsen. this is a great drama with intense moments including Damon's fight scene with Danes' boyfriend and Damon ends up killing him but bashing his face in with a baseball bat. one of 1997's best and surely another worthy role for Damon
B000069AUI|2.0|It's alright and semiwell-produced (i've done better in my basement).  The music is soundscapish but....the words are plain dumb and this album doesn't have good replay value.  It's quite the typical pop machine.  If you've not heard many musics....then I think this might sound a bit better.  In a world of heavy music accessibility I wonder why all these reviewers have not found anything more profound then this album to call it 'mind blowing' and 'orgasmic'.  It's got some contrived 'style' but it's not deep.  I, like others have found that the design of these songs are about identical.  I understand the notion of the sylistic pop album that sells to the masses but man...it makes me want to drool after two listens...
B00005ALNH|4.0|this movie will blow you away, I mean literally, theres no denying its great scale of sequences and action. this is non-stop with guys comign after Stallone and Turner for the money. the opening is a grabber for sure and the end is explosive. Lithgow is a good badguy as well and Leon was perfectly killed off, talk about a icicle threw his chest, man, but a more disturbing movie with an icicle is in Die Hard 2 where Bruce Willis stabs the guy in the eye with an icicle and then breaks it off in there, ehhh. other cast members include Ralph Waite, Caroline Goodall, Michael Rooker, Max Perlich and Rex Linn.
B00000IOSU|5.0|Some years ago I had the privelage of meeting and working for Sarah,  she was the most inspiring, engaging, fun,and hardworking talents I have had the pleasure of meeting in 12 years of  working in the entertainment  industry.  Sarah is graceful  without pretences,  determined and amazingly graceful, Gifted with a well trained and practiced creativity that has an unending potential.  With Mirrorball we traveled an shot in several cities, she had the ability to open herself and make individual connections while always being a total pro
6305538018|4.0|its quite a movie. Jennifer Jason Leigh creates a game called eXistenZ and you can tap in threw the back or the bellybutton, one of the two, anyway, at the beginning, a man trys to assassinate her but luckily Jude Law brings her to safety and tries to save her, then a man named Gas trys to kill her, played by Willem Dafoe and then he gets killed. they start tapping into the game and experience reality bending things. imaginative soup gun in that chinese restautant and the end is a twist which it turns out to be an actual game hey are all playing and the 2 are actually assassins themselves. other cast members like Don McKellar(Exotica) with a funked up part, Sarah Polley(GO, The Claim), Ian Holm(The Fifth Element) and Christopher Eccelston(Shallow Grave, Jude, 28 Days Later), add spark to the interesting piece, I read the book and David Cronenberg did an excellent job on the movie as well.
B0000C0FJB|5.0|Yet another Rush live album.  This is the third time some songs including Tom Sawyer, The Spirit Of Radio, Freewill, and The Trees have appeared on Rush live albums, not to mention the fourth time Closer To The Heart has appeared on a live album.  However, this is the first Rush Concert album. In the past Rush live albums have consisted of songs from different shows and different tours.  Rush in Rio documents an entire show, from November 2003, when the band played the country of Brazil for the first time in it's long career.  The result is nice.  The sound is pretty good, if not perfect.  The songs have not been altered in anyway giving the album a good live feel.  The set list is a lot of fun.  With the exception of Caress of Steel and Hold Your Fire, every Rush album is represented.  This is a nice companion piece to the Rush In Rio DVD.  A must have for any Rush fan.
B00006G8LB|3.0|good old fashioned comic book brought to life with Tobey Maguire, key as Peter Parker, but it sorta thins out in areas. Willem Dafoe, James Franco, Kirsten Dunst, Cliff Robertson, Rosemary Harris, J.K. Simmons, Gerry Becker, Bill Nunn, Bruce Campbell, Jayce Bartok, Lucy Lawless, Macy Gray and Stan Lee, the man himself appears, Lee also was in the movie Mallrats, you can see him in Daredevil and The Hulk as well with Lou Ferrigno. a must see for fans though
6305078181|5.0|Ok, this version doesn't go along with the book, but it is worth while.<br />First of all Langella, Langella, Langella. He is 6'4\\" and has a voice to match. He is the only man I have seen that can place his hands on his hips and still make it look sexy! Langella had to tone his version of Dracula down (i.e. the R rating)...I had a teacher tell me how powerfull, sexy, and forcefull he was during the stage version...all I have to say is...WOW!!!<br />Second, he took Dracula to a new level. Before Dracula was this crude creature, who was loveless, mean, and wanted some blood. When Langella hit the scene, it all changed. Notice how each Dracula or vampire film has a sexy male lead? He broke the mold (thank you Mr. Langella)<br />Third, Langella didn't need red eyes, blood, fangs, and all the other stuff to make you think he was Dracula...you know by looking at him. One sceen which shows in hunger of blood is when they are at the Steward's house and the butler cuts himself with the knife. Dracula is telling a story, then he looks up and notices the butler sucking his cut finger. He was this look of hunger. His eyes widen with hunger.<br />The last is the famous sex scene. Just how he enters the room, the colors, and the music brings you closer to realizing he is not just a regular vampire, he is truly the king of his kind.
B00008J2DQ|5.0|not much to say here, a typical awesome godsmack album, nothing dissapointing.  Definately worth buying for all the gsmack fans.
B000060P79|3.0|The guys from Simple Plan might be hot, but they cant sing!!! especially on &quot;perfect&quot;, i mean if they sound that flat and off-key with having the technology to enhance their voices, just think how bad they'll sound live...
B000089RVX|5.0|this is an awesome REGULAR METAL BAND with a hot chick for a singer. The album is good but its not gothic.. im sorry... i dont even listen to gothic and i know this is not gothic, now thats sad! yet, generally, it is a really good album though.  Sorry to dissapoint all the goths out there.  just a regular metal band
B000089RVX|5.0|This was a really cool cd. I love every song on the cd, even thought most of them pretty much sound the same. lol. I would definatly recommend it to other people. this is my favorite cd. Amy has a really strong and powerful voice, which brings a lot to the cd, fallen.
B00006AW2G|5.0|Thing about the Stones (and Dylan for that matter) are they are at their best when they are spontaneous. You couldn't make an album this great trying really hard. It's all so accidental sounding. 3  chord wonders.  Love &quot;Monkey Man&quot; -their &quot;prog&quot; answer to Jumpin Jack Flash ... &quot;Live With Me&quot; (Iggy Pop eat your heart out) and all the stuff here that predates the &quot;alt country&quot; movement by decades. For those of you non-rock snobs I just mean big looose drumming, thumping bass, piano, and<br />down-home slide and electric guitars. Don't believe it's  the devil, but do think the Stones were possessed by some  Dark Power of Rock and Roll more than anyone else in '68 and '69. The real deal kids!
B000059HCN|5.0|I am in total shock. I just watched this film for the first time a few minutes ago and it's almost 3am. Whoa. That was the most depressing film I have ever seen. The realty and drama was horrifying. This people is a PERFECT example to not take drugs!! Sheesh. Why would anyone even think about touching a drug after watching this. It makes u wonder why people try drugs to begin with. It ends up with nothing good. It just gets worse and worse. If you havent seen it, you should at least see it once. It made me think twice about taking pain medicine ever again. Good Lord! The acting in this film was superb. Jared Leto gives a great performance. This movie reminded me of The Basketball Diaries about a boy hooked on drugs played by Leonardo DeCaprio. Which is also a great movie. Although depressing, it's enetertaining, with a good ending.(However, Basketball Diaries was a true story I believe) This movie was made after a novel. I am not sure it this was a true story. I wouldnt doubt it. It's message. Probably JUST SAY NO!!!
B0000026WD|5.0|If it hadn't been for Nirvana and &quot;Nevermind&quot;, this album would have been huge. It definitely deserved to sell as well as &quot;Thriller&quot;, if not sell better! His best album ever! Pop music will never be this good again.
B000002U6E|5.0|I've had this CD for a while. It was my mom's. Well, I use to be really close with my Mom. She loved this group, and this CD. Her favorite song was Return to Innocence, as well as mine. Well, my Mom died of cancer in 99. It was devistating for me. But now I focus on the memories. Whenever I hear that song, I think of her. The whole cd reminds me of her, in a good way, and in a sad way. The song is about strength, and weakness. It's inspiring and it's message is basically live your life, and follow your own way. &quot;Don't be afraid to be weak but dont be too proud to be strong.&quot; I miss my mom, but I knew she wanted me to go on living my life and not think about how horrible it was when she died. This is one of my favorite chill out CD's. It brings back alot of great memories. Track # 6 I think was in that movie Sliver. That's also a great song. The indian vocals are great. They capture the emotion in the listener. If you dont have this album, you should get it. Laast but not least, The Lonliness song, is very long, and can put you into a trance. The singers voice is very deep, and depressing, but sweet. It's a good CD to relax to.
B00003CXMG|5.0|Groupies only sleep with rock stars so they can be close to someone famous, and this movie comes on you hard and fast and will never leave, just like a groupie! I saw it and I had my doubts because my Uncle and dad liked it and they are interested in polar opposite things than me. I can say that this movie struck me hard and went to the bone. It is on the level of American Beauty for me. It just has sense to it that makes it a good movie, and it's just pure fun! <br />William is a 15 year old who wants to become a critic and he catches up with a rock n roll band StillWater and travels with them while he talks with his mom and she gives him details to not take drugs. And he gets a deal with Rolling Stone and fools them into thinking he's married and is in his 20s. SO he gets caught up in a friendship with guitarist Russ, and the band seems to always be fighting and Russ is sleeping with Penny, who claims she is a band-aid not a groupie. And William tries to cope when he looses his virginity and  tries to get his story by the deadline and make StillWater look like the best band in the world, while they get a new manager and almost get killed in an airplane in a electrical storm. And Penny tries to kill herself after Russ introduces his wife to her, and that is when William tells Penny that he is in love with her. Then the band tells Rolling Stone that the story William is trying to get published is 98% lies. So William goes home and the band is about to break up when Russ confirms that every word of the review was true. And Russ tries to talk to Penny and get her Address so they can meet and make things right, and PEnny ends up giving Russ Williams address instead. And so the story goes.<br />It was a very capturing movie. I could not turn it off for the whole 2 hours! It will deffinitaly become one of my favorite movies of all time! It's an AMAZING movie and deserves only the best recognition!!!
B0000BWVCM|3.0|I really wanted to give this movies 2 & 1/2 stars but couldn't.<BR>Ok Hollywood & others should know that you always get someone who is an expert in comics & a great writer to write the script for the screen. The director did not know anything about the x-men. There are so many things that could have been done to make this film much much better than it is. No offense i love halle berry, but wrong person to play storm with no african accent and no blue eyes like the comics halle berry is just another too pretty actress that is just thrown in a film that seems like just a special f/x test. In the comics storm is a big woman vs halle's skinny butt. The phoenix is done way too soon & not done in space. <BR>                                                                The movie revolves around mr wolverine too much not giving enough time to cyclops in this film. James cameron & Stan winston would have gave more dept to the charactors and f/x. I wish fox would find someone who is much more serious in the work that he does and also sticks to the original story.
B000002MNL|5.0|I remember getting this album when it first came out, a bit nervously. And when Speedway ended I jumped up and cheered in an empty room, unable to stop myself. It wasn't the Smiths. It didn't matter. <br />The sound and the lyrics are strange, detached -- Morrissey tells the stories but doesn't live in them the way he did on Meat is Murder, for example -- and yet compelling. The professional outsider tells his stories with sympathy and intelligence and passion. We end with the most affecting moment of closeness anywhere in Morrissey's work: \\"In my own sick way/I've always stayed true to you.\\" I still listen to it, and it still makes me want to stand up and cheer.
B0000C0FJB|5.0|Besides Led Zeppelin, RUSH is one of the greatest rock bands the world has ever seen.  It says something when all of their albums always debut in the top 5 of the Billboard charts without any record or video promotion.  I have been a huge fan since discovering them in 1989.  I own every album...including all of the live ones.  I was so excited to learn of this 3 CD and 2 DVD collection, RUSH IN RIO, that I made sure to get my copy on the first day of release!  Boy, was I NOT disappointed!  This has to be their best live album to date.  All of the songs are so perfect....they sound like they are right off of the albums!  You can't get any better than that!  O BATERISTA seems to be the best track here....full of Neil Peart's expert drumming and all kinds of cool instrumentation!  (Of course, YYZ is a classic!) I highly recommend this one to any fan of RUSH who does not have this in their collection.<br />For those who are complaining about the sound quality of this recording, I thought DIFFERENT STAGES was worse.  Plus, you have to remember that this is a *LIVE* album....the sound quality is never going to match that of something done in a recording studio.  Also, the fact that it was recorded in a stadium....and in Brazil....might also have something to do with the sound quality as well.  My advice is just to enjoy the music and be quiet!  :)
0679720200|5.0|Albert Camus' &quot;The Stranger&quot; has to be one of the most solid pieces of literature in existance today.  I have read this book a second time, and it was even better the second time than the first.  In my second reading, I have a new theory on it: Meursault is detached from the events in his life -- his mother's funeral, his love for his girlfriend, and even his trial, for one reason, and one reason alone: he does not feel as though he is in control of the events around him.  Events control Meursault, not the other way around.<br />There are few certainties in Meursault's life.  He does not like the idea of getting married because that brings about more uncertainty.  He does not like the idea of waiting for his appeal, so what does he do: he creates certainty--he ends the appeals process.<br />The only thing that Meursault can be certain of is the sun rising each day, and perhaps this is one reason why his focus is centered so strongly on the seasons changing and the sun rising each morning.<br />This is absolutely one of the most remarkable books in literature, and I urge everyone to buy at least one copy.<br />How far are we willing to try to control our own destiny?  That's the question this books asks of you.<br />-- Michael Gordon<br />Los Angeles
B0000C7PRY|5.0|One word..Masterpiece. For those who were disappointed with the lack of &quot;Prog&quot; in the new Spock's Beard, I have great news. Testimony is everything that Feel Euphoria isn't. Like SNOW, Testimony is essentially a 2-hour progressive opus of passion, intelligence, and...whoa..faith! I'm someone who generally doesn't care for Christian music, not because of the Religious content, but because the lyrics are typically the same dogmatic praising over and over again, telling you nothing new or substantive about faith or it's relationship to life. Testimony is a Christian album that doesn't really sound like one, not lyrically, or obviously musically. I find it interesting that you keep hearing the same phrases over and over again from people regarding the christian bent of the lyrics: &quot;beaten over the head&quot; &quot;Preachy&quot; &quot;Forced down my throat&quot; etc. Curious why no one uses these complaints when Bono is &quot;Hitting you over the head&quot; with his social agenda, or when Bruce Springsteen is &quot;preaching&quot; about social injustice, or Jello Biafra is &quot;Forcing his politics down your throat&quot;. Religious faith is as legitimate a subject to sing about as any other. Those hackneyed complaints really tell you far more about the reviewers than the reviewed. The lyrics of Testimony don't preach anything. It's merely the autobiography of Neal Morse, done in song, the final 1/3 relating to his conversion and the joy it brought him. Bravo! Lyrics aside, musically this is one of the best progressive albums of the last few years. The great melodies of vintage Spock's Beard left with Neal, and luckily ended up here. Mike Portnoy does an amazing job here, and shows a remarkable amount of restraint, drumming with a subtlety and taste usually lost in the double-kick bombast of Dream Theatre. If you want to hear the best prog album of the year, buy Testimony. If the story of a man's life that happens to have a Christian, and for him, happy ending bothers you, then you have alot more issues than he does.
B00008K7AM|4.0|It was one of Rob Schnieders best moives. I had my doubts but it was surprisingly good. Anna Faris was a good idea for this movie. SHe had all the goofyness and air-headedness that no one else could have ever done in the part of April, which she played wonderfully! <BR>Jessica and April are populare Cheerleaders and think that they control the world and Jessica steals a pair of ear rings that switch bodies for the 2 people that wear them. And she switiches bodies with Rob, who is a thief. And she ( he ) wakes up the next morning with an umm man hood. And tries to escape and tells April what happened and April wants to see her umm hood, throughout the whole movie as they try to find who might have done this to Jessica and they suspect a science nerd and a witch-wannabe and they end up in a club tearing shirts off cheerleaders and Rob tries to pee wit his hood and watches other men do it and say they do it well...some what of a disturbing movie, with cracks on gayness ( april develops feelings for Jessica in her male form ) and it ends up they find Jessicas body in a Strip club and so the story goes...<BR>It really doens't have much taste but it is better than any other of Robs movies except for Duece Bigalo Male Gigalo, which I loved!!!! But this was good but long with the 105 minute mark! But I recommend this to a lot of people, unless you want no fun in your life or are an Ex marine or something along those lines...But it was a funny, sweet, off the wall movie that anyone could enjoy....well almost anyone....
B00005A46T|3.0|I avoided these guys for a long time. The whole &quot;ooo look at the goofy masks&quot; thing is pretty silly. I mean, since most kids that wear the t-shirts seem to be 12-years old, I wasn't in a big hurry to hear them. After finally getting this CD from a record club, I found myself actually liking it a bit. It's alot heavier than most teeny-bopper metal but still pretty tame compared to Pantera or Superjoint Ritual. The teen angst lyrics are pretty silly, but who really cares about metal lyrics anyway? It's all about the riff of course! How are the riffs? Pretty good actually, although they are gimped a bit by the 4-4 disco drums. Every beat is basically the same and a drum machine could have been used here and no one would have known the difference. Remember the rule of thumb: If you can dance to it...it's B-A-D. If they get a real drummer, a big, ugly, mother who can really play, and actually accents the changes, they might have something here. Vinnie Paul anyone? Their side-project The Murderdolls is alot more fun.
B0000584V3|5.0|Blackwater Park, to begin, is an amazing album. This is an example of Progressive Death Metal at its finest, a great predecessor to their first albums. Four great artsist conducting wonderfully devilish, mysterious, sinister, sometimes even calm tracks that will literally bring chills down your spine (which could be from either awe or fright). <BR>     A big difference between Opeth and the rest of the world would be lead singer Mikael Akerfeldt's voice. Here's the reason: He can sing! HOLY COW! Sure, he can growl and scream, but boy, this guy can sing! Most bands seem to just screech incoherently, and play the same chorus, verse, then bridge over and over again. But, Opeth sticks to Progressive tendencies, and constantly switches tone (sometimes quite dramatically), keeping your interest at all costs, i.e. the transition from the very Arabic-sounding Bleak to the more calm Harvest. <BR>     All-in-all, this album is a wonderful epic of several movements. Emotions are felt throughout, and thought is aroused after. This compilation of Heaven and Hell is an easy 5/5 stars. Bottles to the ground, Opeth. Keep on comin'!
B00005LQ04|2.0|I am compelled to write this review because this movie gets an awful lot of flowery praise.  To set the record straight, the movie does LOOK fantastic,, very vibrant colors, incredible lighting and sets that are perfect for a great horror film.  Such an incredible production when put together with the great sound of the film.. the surround will blow you away on this movie especially hearing the footsteps around the academy.  Now, the real nail in the coffin of this movie is the absolutely sophomoric plot that you are driven to stick with, given such a great looking movie.  the story is slow, insipid and completley predictable, with one of the worst hurry-up endings since the original Hellraiser. So much time of this film is devoted to making you &quot;feel&quot; like you're watching a great horror movie, that the climax &amp; deneumont seem as if the creators siad &quot;oh crap, we have to wrap this up in about 5 minutes&quot;..<BR>so virtually NO scares, some decent gore for the time, but very few and far between, hackneyed story, awful ending that will make you feel like you really did waste about 2hrs of your life.  <BR>but, great looking movie, that hardly looks dated at all and great sound..
B000000WA4|5.0|it is not only a good record.<BR>it has potential to effect ones lifes,music styles,<BR>aspects and undesrstandig of art.<BR>there is no need to list the conpicious songs <BR>because they are endless.it's a gigantic album.<BR>despite all distortional arangements, it is <BR>amazingly urbane and it is the difference of<BR>the band...my mostfavourites are \\"here is no why\\",\\"zero\\",<BR>\\"cupit de locke\\",\\"love\\",\\"muzzle\\",\\"bullet with butterfly wings\\",\\"bodies\\",<BR>\\"thru the eyes of ruby\\"...<br />it'is like a greatest hits...
B00005JLT5|4.0|There are plenty of subtle, powerful moments in this film, but the best one is near the end when the pianist literally plays for his life. To prove he's not just a simple Jew --- a nobody whose life has no value in World War II Warsaw --- he has to play piano beautifully in front of a Nazi officer. When the Nazi sits down, stunned, overwhelmed by the music, you understand why. You feel what he feels.<br />That's quite a feat when you make a movie for a 21st century audience. How many of us sit at home listening to piano concertos with our mouths gaping, in awe of the music? Somehow, Adrien Brody and Roman Polanski make it work. You get so immersed in the world of The Pianist, you find it easy to put yourself in the shoes of the Jews and the Nazis. Instead of a history lesson, you get a portrait of people who lived it.<br />The rest of the film builds up to the piano-playing moment, adding one small detail after another. From the start in the Warsaw neighborhood, the tension builds. Halfway through the story, you realize that anyone can die at any moment. Even the title character himself could die before the credits roll.<br />The costumes and sets are so perfect, the film has a documentary feel. When Jews are sweating in the sun in a courtyard, you know just how exhausted and hungry they are. When the pianist blows his cover in a secret apartment by knocking down a stack of dishes, its a moment as frightening as anything in a horror movie.<br />This is the kind of movie you'll want to watch twice even though you didn't really *enjoy* it. Seeing this story on the screen is quite an experience, but not something you look forward to. It's a testament to Polanski and Adrien Brody's skill that they've created something so special ---- a horrifying tale, beautifully told.
B0000AXE8I|3.0|The difference between the original \\"Matrix\\" and this movie is like the difference between a highly conditioned athlete performing at the peak of competition versus an overmuscled beach boy flexing his oiled up pecs and abs on Venice Beach. In short, this movie, while impressive to look at, is simply too much. The action, special effects, and fight scenes are little more than the cinematic version of showing off; unlike in the first movie where these elements were essential to the story, here they were added mainly for their own sake. Neo, for example, is now so powerful he can fight of an entire army of Agents while hardly breaking a sweat, so what was meant to be a dramatic fight scene ends up being almost a comic farce as our new Superman flings the \\"Smiths\\" around at will. And, just like Superman, Neo can now fly, as we see in the conclusion to an over-the-top freeway chase scene where he zooms in at the last second to rescue old chum Morpheus from a crashing truck. <br />And that, right there, is much of the problem with this movie. If Neo can now routinely perform superhuman feats, where's the dramatic tension, the sense of risk? Even the climactic ending scene comes off as contrived, it's the old Superman dilemma of \\"Do I save Lois Lane, or save the world?\\" As in the first film, there's plenty of philosophizing, but unlike the first, in this film it seems heavy handed and overdone. In the first, there was the sense that we had a sci-fi movie with genuinely deep thoughts at its core, in this one there's more the sense that the filmmakers wanted to show off their \\"Deep Thoughts\\", with the end result being not unlike the aforementioned beach boy showing off his glistening mental muscles. In short, they're trying too hard to impress, and it shows. Morpheus now sounds as much pompous as profound, and the Oracle has lost most of her magic as we find out she's just another computer program. But the final letdown is the scene the whole movie had been building up to,the \\"confrontation\\" between Neo and the Architect, a figure who, we are to believe, is no less than the \\"God\\" of the Matrix. Well, with Neo as \\"The One\\", we'd expect quite a duel between the two, yet the meeting between the two falls flat, as if the filmmakers, having invested so much energy into all the stunts, fights, chases, and SFX leading up to this scene, had simply run out of ideas for a way to make this supposedly climactic match up genuinely enthralling. In truth, the whole scene felt anticlimactic, after two hours of buildup, the end result had me thinking \\"This is it?\\"<br />OK, to be fair, this is merely the second installment in the Matrix trilogy, so it's entirely possible that the final version, due out in less than two weeks as I write this, will redeem this effort in much the way many Star Wars fans hope Episode III redeems the Prequel trilogy. And, also to be fair, the movie itself is really quite good. It's just that, after creating one of the greatest movies of all time with the original \\"Matrix\\", fans were entitled to expect nothing less than a \\"Godfather Part II\\" or \\"The Empire Strikes Back\\" from these guys. And they didn't get it. <br />Judged relative to the first Matrix:  5/10<BR>Judged purely on its own terms: 8/10
0156027321|5.0|I bought this book because of the sense of adventure the writer imposed on my mind.  After reading it I got more than I thought I would.  Mr. Martel tells a GREAT story with details that only a lone soul stranded on a raft in the middle of the sea would know.  This is simply a great book that I now recommend to all my friends.
1573921394|5.0|Keynes was certainly a master of economic thought, logic, and above all, certainly the English language.<br />Most readers have a difficult time in comprehending what Keynes has to say. Most of the readers I doubt hold graduate degrees either. The fact is that this book was written by somebody who was an econ prof. for other econ profs. When some yokel with a GED rants about the difficulty of TGT, I find it very hard to take them seriosuly. This is not to say, however, that Keynes cannot be read or comprehened. Many top colleges require reading parts or the whole of TGT for undergrad Econ studies. The book is difficult to read, however it is not written in code. If you approach this book expecting a read like that found in Dr. Suess's works, you will certainly be overwhelmed. If you take your time reading this book, and in points, re-reading this book, you will have gained an exceptional amount of knowledge.<br />Many critics here who pan TGT, both in type and in it's rating, do so because they don't comprehend the books meaning, and are nothing more than reactionaries who see Keynes as a figurehead, representing everything that has gone wrong, both in the world, and here in the US. I find it very difficult to accept a critical review of a book when the reviewer does not point out where the book failed. Instead, most tend to be more critical of the man as a whole, and most reviews are not of the book, but of Keynes's general policies.<br />Many reviewers tend to give the impression that the theories found in TGT have been somehow debunked, and that TGT is no longer accepted as a very important work in economics. Nothing could be further from the truth. While it is important to note that Keynes was not right 100% of the time, no economic theorist is. However, that having been said, much of what Keynes theorized is still taught in collegate macroeconomics today, and that his theories of Aggregate Demand, and the propensity to consume still play an important role in macroeconomics. No examination into macroeconomic theory can be taught without a lengthy discussion of Keynesian postulates, and macroeconomics itself is a development of Keynesian Economics.<br />To those interested in this book, it is important to have a few, at least introductory, college level economics classes under your belt before attempting to read TGT. Be prepared for a challege, but be prepared to gain a great deal of insight into modern macroeconomic thought as well.
B0000A4GAK|5.0|. . . but where's the soul?  By the way, it took real courage to write this review, knowing, as I did when I wrote it, that I'd get slaughtered by the legion of Derek Trucks groupies.  Just kidding about the courage part.<br />Don't get me wrong; Derek Trucks is a very accomplished slide guitarist, who's put together a pretty killer basic band, but this disc just seems wrong-headed from the get-go.  Unlike those who hear a wonderful coalescing of different genres--jazz, blues, soul, reggae, oriental, world music, Southern rock, fusion--all I hear is a lot of unassimilated musical styles just kinda lying there.  If I had to classify this music, I would call it blues, although of a rather tepid sort.<br />Where's the res?  Where's the soul?  <br />The addition of Kofi Burbridge (whoever he is) on flute is a particularly bizarre touch.  Meant, one supposes, to be exotic, to give a kind of Indian flavor to the proceedings, it instead underscores the---<br />Stop the presses!!  I GET IT!!!  What started out as a two-star review, then morphed into three stars, has now become a full-fledged five star rave.  <br />Forget the carping, forget the small-mindedness, forget the pseudo-sophisticated anal-retentive hand-wringing--this is one cool disc.  Yes, it's different, yes it's superficially too jam-band oriented for anyone with authentic musical tastes, but there's something about Derek Trucks, some kind of larger-than-life musical personality, that just blows it all away--some ur-Southern white soul.  Or something.<br />Actually, the more I listen to this, the more I'm a card-carrying fan.  It's actually beginning to make sense, in a weird sort of way.  I'm still struggling a bit with his read on \\"Afro Blue,\\" esp. the solo flute intro, but even that's beginning to get to me.  And, by the way, Kofi Burbridge is really a killer flautist.<br />So excuse me for dissing this disc in the first few paragraphs.  And thanks for bearing with me, as this review is a kind of experiment:  I came to writing it very conflicted, and I decided to just put down whatever I was feeling as I listened to Soul Serenade one more time.  The fact that I was initially not a fan--or at least on the fence--despite numerous listenings and was completely won over as I listened while writing the review speaks volumes not only about the power of this disc to touch listeners, but also about the wild and unruly power of music to win over even the hardcore skeptics, of which I was the chief.
B000002N2P|5.0|This is my favourite Green Day Album. It is also their most agresive and heaviest. As this is a heavy and agresive punk record whenever I have finished listening to it I am drenched in sweat. My favourite tracks are: Geek Stink Breath, the AC/DC sounding Baba Uuvla Who, 86, Brainstew and Jaded.
038533348X|5.0|I don't need to tell anyone how good this book is. What suprised me, however, is that re-reading Cat's Cradle a few weeks ago, after 15 years, was as good and meaningful &quot;today&quot; as it was then. It was way ahead of its time when it was published. What the story says about journalism is cutting--then, now--perhaps forever. A timeless book.
B0000BYM3K|5.0|I'm listening to the album right now.  I have to admit that I hated it the first time through.  Also the 2nd.  The 3rd it was troublesome.  The 4 time, my eyes and ears were opened.  The 5th time, this album rocked my world.  It is definitely not Brave New World part II.  More like Piece of Mind + Fear of the Dark, except on steroids.  The drum engineering has noticably improved, while the vocal and guitar eq's have been changed somewhat from BNW.  Bruce's vocal melody's are strange, and some of the songs don't really sound like Maiden songs other than you can tell it's the guys playing.  Dance of Death stands as an album on its own, and the short duration songs may even have radio appeal without compromising Maiden's musical excellence.  Rainmaker is an incredibly thought-provoking emotional song and terribly catchy tune at the same time, one my top 5 of Maiden songs of all time.  The lyrics on many of the songs are deep.  This album has 6 very strong songs and 2 more that are good.  You can easily put this album on and listen all the way through.  I made a playlist of the upbeat songs and listen to them on my Muvo when exercising.<br />Maiden rocks.  I don't know how these old guys do it.  I'm so proud of them having 2 great albums with the reunited lineup.  Just listen to Dance of Death all the way through a number of times, and it will grow on you.  I listen to it every day now.
B00005JLSE|4.0|So many people had told me how wonderful this film was, and i will admit, i was curious to see exactly what all the fuss was about. And i have to say, i was highly impressed. This film more then won me over, it was one of those movies that, after seeing it once, i knew i would have to buy and add to my collection.<br />The story is pretty simple. Roxy Hart dreams of becoming a star. And when she is used and tossed aside by someone who swore they would help her make her dream come true, she ends up in jail for killing them. Her way of handling difficult situations, is to transport herself, and those around her, into these elaborate musical numbers. And these musical interludes don't slow the actual story down at all, as is the case in some more recent attempts at movie-musicals...they in fact are without a doubt, the highlights of this movie. The actors more then shine in their respective roles...especially Zellweger, who until this movie, has done nothing but grate on my nerves. Here she makes the character of Roxy her own, and lights up the screen. In fact, the casting is just about perfect...with each person giving an incredible performance.<br />&quot;Chicago&quot; is one of those extremely rare films, that's hard to find anything to complain about. Everything from the costumes, lighting and direction go together beautifully, and you feel as if you're transported into their world. and it manages to do what i didn't think was possible...bring the classic movie musical back to life.
B00004XQ83|5.0|I have to admit that I don't have much knowledge in the area of bluegrass/folk/country music, however after hearing the great music from the film I knew I had to have these tunes playing on my CD player. Great moments abound on this disc like the Dan Tyminski sung \\"I Am A Man Of Constant Sorrow\\" which evokes the feel and time of the movie so well. The solemn \\"Down To The River To Pray\\" has Alison Krauss backed by The First Bapist Church Choir and nothing else. \\"Hard Time Killing Floor Blues\\" only has Chris Thomas King picking some sad blues on an acoustic guitar. The instrumental of \\"Constant Sorrow\\" played on acoustic guitars is brillant. \\"Didn't Leave Nobody But The Baby\\" sung by the trio of Emmylou Harris, Gillian Welch and Alison Krauss is another great example of the really good harmonies on this disc. \\"Keep on the Sunny Side\\" while not as outstanding as other songs mentioned here still has that quality singing. \\"In The Jailhouse Now\\" is sort of surpise since its the only song that features an actual member from the movie on the soundtrack--Tim Blake Nelson, he sings the lead and does a good job. The stellar track as I see it would be \\"I'll Fly Away\\" with Gillian Welch and Alison Krauss. Their voices blend so well together that its almost a shame when the song ends. The are other good songs on the disc to be sure, but these are really the high points of what amounts to an excellent soundtrack.
B00008EY9G|4.0|There's nothing like a film that doesn't go in the direction you expect it to. So often in movies today, the ending can be seen coming from 5 miles away. which is why a movie like &quot;Identity&quot; is so refreshing. During the course of this film, you will think you have it all figured out about 4-5 times...only to have another twist thrown at you. The plot: a seemingly random group of people, who through seemingly random circumstances, become stranded at a small roadside motel during a rainstorm. One by one, they start dying under bizarre cicumstances, and the survivors attempt to figure out what is going on, and why. There are many subtle side-stories that mesh together nicely, and thanks to an excellent cast, headed up by the always wonderful (and here, slightly understated) John Cusack, you are drawn into this story, and want to find the answers as badly as the characters do. It is a credit to the screenwriter that the major plot twist comes across as being believable, rather then outragiously over-the-top. While some people may find it a bit confusing and hard to follow at the beginning, &quot;Identity&quot; is a wonderful, thinking-person's thriller that is more then worth checking out.
0393307050|5.0|Some critics have referred to the Aubrey/Maturin books as one long novel united not only by their historical setting but also by the central plot element of the Aubrey/Maturin friendship.  Having read these fine books over a period of several years, I decided to evaluate their cumulative integrity by reading them consecutively in order of publication over a period of a few weeks.  This turned out to be a rewarding enterprise.  For readers unfamiliar with these books, they describe the experiences of a Royal Navy officer and his close friend and traveling companion, a naval surgeon.  The experiences cover a broad swath of the Napoleonic Wars and virtually the whole globe.<br /> Rereading all the books confirmed that O'Brian is a superb writer and that his ability to evoke the past is outstanding.  O'Brian has numerous gifts as a writer.  He is the master of the long, careful description, and the short, telling episode.  His ability to construct ingenious but creditable plots is first-rate, probably because he based much of the action of his books on actual events.  For example, some of the episodes of Jack Aubrey's career are based on the life of the famous frigate captain, Lord Cochrane.  O'Brian excels also in his depiction of characters.  His ability to develop psychologically creditable characters through a combination of dialogue, comments by other characters, and description is tremendous.  O'Brien's interest in psychology went well beyond normal character development, some books contain excellent case studies of anxiety, depression, and mania.<br /> Reading O'Brien gives vivid view of the early 19th century.  The historian Bernard Bailyn, writing of colonial America, stated once that the 18th century world was not only pre-industrial but also pre-humanitarian (paraphrase).  This is true as well for the early 19th century depicted by O'Brien.  The casual and invariable presence of violence, brutality, and death is a theme running through all the books.  The constant threats to life are the product not only of natural forces beyond human control, particularly the weather and disease, but also of relative human indifference to suffering.  There is nothing particularly romantic about the world O'Brien describes but it also a certain grim grandeur.  O'Brien also shows the somewhat transitional nature of the early 19th century.  The British Navy and its vessals were the apogee of what could be achieved by pre-industrial technology.  This is true both of the technology itself and the social organization needed to produce and use the massive sailing vessals.  Aubrey's navy is an organization reflecting its society; an order based on deference, rigid hierarchy, primitive notions of honor, favoritism, and very, very corrupt.  At the same time, it was one of the largest and most effective bureaucracies in human history to that time.  The nature of service exacted great penalities for failure in a particularly environment, and great success was rewarded greatly.  In some ways, it was a ruthless meritocracy whose structure and success anticipates the great expansion of government power and capacity seen in the rest of the 19th century.<br /> O'Brian is also the great writer about male friendship.  There are important female characters in these books but since most of the action takes place at sea, male characters predominate.  The friendship between Aubrey and Maturin is the central armature of the books and is a brilliant creation.  The position of women in these books is ambiguous.  There are sympathetic characters, notably Aubrey's long suffering wife.  Other women figures, notably Maturin's wife, leave a less positive impression.  On board ship, women tend to have a disruptive, even malign influence.<br /> How did O'Brian manage to sustain his achievement over 20 books?  Beyond his technical abilities as a writer and the instrinsic interest of the subject, O'Brien made a series of very intelligent choices.  He has not one but twomajor protagonists.  The contrasting but equally interesting figures of Aubrey and Maturin allowed O'Brien to a particularly rich opportunity to expose different facets of character development and to vary plots carefully.  This is quite difficult and I'm not aware of any other writer who has been able to accomplish such sustained development of two major protagonists for such a prolonged period.  O'Brian's use of his historical setting is very creative.  The scenes and events in the books literally span the whole globe as Aubrey and Maturin encounter numerous cultures and societies.  The naval setting allowed him also to introduce numerous new and interesting characters.  O'Brian was able to make his stories attractive to many audiences.  Several of these stories can be enjoyed as psychological novels, as adventure stories, as suspense novels, and even one as a legal thriller.  O'Brian was also a very funny writer, successful at both broad, low humor, and sophisticated wit.  Finally, O'Brian made efforts to link some of the books together.  While a number are complete in themselves, others form components of extended, multi-book narratives.  Desolation Island, Fortune of War, and The Surgeon's Mate are one such grouping.  Treason's Harbor, The Far Side of the World, and The Reverse of the Medal are another.  The Letter of Marque and the ensuing 4 books, centered around a circumnavigation, are another.<br /> Though the average quality of the books is remarkably high, some are better than others.  I suspect that different readers will have different favorites.  I personally prefer some of the books with greater psychological elements.  The first book, Master and Commander, is one of my favorites.  The last 2 or 3, while good, are not as strong as earlier books.  I suspect O'Brian's stream of invention was beginning to diminish.  All can be read profitably as stand alone works though there is definitely something to be gained by reading in consecutive order.major protagonists.  The contrasting but equally interesting figures of Aubrey and Maturin allowed O'Brien to a particularly rich opportunity to expose different facets of character development and to vary plots carefully.  This is quite difficult and I'm not aware of any other writer who has been able to accomplish such sustained development of two major protagonists for such a prolonged period.  O'Brian's use of his historical setting is very creative.  The scenes and events in the books literally span the whole globe as Aubrey and Maturin encounter numerous cultures and societies.  The naval setting allowed him also to introduce numerous new and interesting characters.  O'Brian was able to make his stories attractive to many audiences.  Several of these stories can be enjoyed as psychological novels, as adventure stories, as suspense novels, and even one as a legal thriller.  O'Brian was also a very funny writer, successful at both broad, low humor, and sophisticated wit.  Finally, O'Brian made efforts to link some of the books together.  While a number are complete in themselves, others form components of extended, multi-book narratives.  Desolation Island, Fortune of War, and The Surgeon's Mate are one such grouping.  Treason's Harbor, The Far Side of the World, and The Reverse of the Medal are another.  The Letter of Marque and the ensuing 4 books, centered around a circumnavigation, are another.  <BR> Though the average quality of the books is remarkably high, some are better than others.  I suspect that different readers will have different favorites.  I personally prefer some of the books with greater psychological elements.  The first book, Master and Commander, is one of my favorites.  The last 2 or 3, while good, are not as strong as earlier books.  I suspect O'Brian's stream of invention was beginning to diminish.  All can be read profitably as stand alone works though there is definitely something to be gained by reading in consecutive order.
B00005JKHN|5.0|This is a classic a still must have after so long being out I liked it I enjoyed it Walt Disney has some of the best cartoons of all time and I enojoy them I would reccommend anyone to buy all of Walt Disney's classics!!!
0140182829|3.0|I read this book because Simone de Beauvoir cited it in &quot;Memoirs of a dutiful daughter.&quot;  Since it's influence on her hasn't been mentioned, I wanted to do so here.
B00003CXCQ|5.0|This is one of my favorite Walt Disney classics I really did enjoy this it was so cute and entertaing especially the parts when her and the dwarfs sings and dance it is so nice I especially love the part when the prince kisses her and then she awakes and then the two of them ride off int he sunset!!!!<br />I thought it was terrible how the witch was able to give her the apple and then she  had went into a deep sleep!!!
B000056NX5|2.0|I have to start by saying I'm a huge fan of the 1973 Norman Jewison VHS version of this Andrew Lloyd Webber/Tim Rice masterpiece.  Ted Neeley has owned the role of Christ for a long time, and there will never be another like him.  And Carl Anderson's portrayal of Judas was nothing short of amazing.<br />I was disappointed by this newer production of JCS.  I know that one of the show's calling cards is that it's a more modern adaptation of the story of Christ, but it's way overdone in this picture; everyone looks like they just came out of an ultra-trendy coffee house or something.  Have you seen the movie Hackers?  Yeah, they kinda all look like that.  Jrme Pradon opens with the classic &quot;Heaven on Their Minds,&quot; but he makes for a whiney-sounding Judas, and he makes it seem as if Judas really hates Jesus right from the onset; I think Anderson's confused and well-intentioned Judas was much more endearing.  Glenn Carter...where can I start?  He's not so much of a singer or actor as he is a pretty face...golden locks and big eyes.  He doesn't bring an ounce of the intensity to the role of Jesus that we see from Ted Neeley.<br />I would like to say that Frederick B. Owens is a powerful Caiaphas with his booming bass voice and slick look, and Michael Shaeffer is a good, if somewhat creepy-looking, Annas.  Together, they along with the priests seem like a maniacal band of trenchcoat-wearing villains, which is cool in a way.  I'd say that's the one aspect of this version of the musical I'm happiest about.<br />Fred Johanson is awful as Pilate...when he sings &quot;Pilate's Dream,&quot; he sounds so miscast, an operatic, overly-dramatic tenor nearly coming to tears in a song that I think is written more as a contemplative piece.<br />The biggest travesty in this piece is the omission of &quot;Then We Are Decided.&quot;  This is an ominous duet between Caiaphas and Annas, when they decide that Jesus has become too big a problem to ignore.  It was always one of my favorite songs from the musical, and it's completely skipped in this new production.<br />Go with the 1973 Jewison film, rent this one before you buy.
B00005KARK|5.0|I enjoyed this cartoon it is so cute I think that Dumbo was so cute especially when his ears would flop open he is so adorable I really did like Dumbo he is a cute and sweet elephant and helps out whenever he is needed .   Dumbo was very shy but he was so cute !!!!!
B000002H33|5.0|About two years ago when I was first getting into this wonderful thing we call metal, a friend of mine happened to be an huge Metallica fan showed me this cd. Needless to say I was amazed. I'd heard the crap they play now and let me tell you... theres no comparison.<br />Battery: A true Metallica thrasher, great song with an acoustic intro that keeps you off guard if its your first listen when the volume and speed go up.<br />Master of Puppets: Probably the best metal song ever... it must be heard to understand its greatness.<br />The Thing that Should Not Be: Probably the only song on this album that could be called filler material... but then agian its Metallica so... most other songs seem like filler material in comparison<br />Welcome Home (Sanitarium): The lyrics coulda used some work (the useless &quot;Leave me be&quot; in the chorus, the song would be fine without), but the ending guitar solos make it worth the wait for the fast section.<br />Disposable Heroes: Great... not as good as Master of Puppets, but right up with it. Once again they add extra lyrics into the chorus that don't really need to be there, but after hearing the amazing guitar solos you won't notice.<br />Leper Messiah: Starts off slow but near the end cranks up the speed in true Metallica fashion.<br />Orion: The best Metallica Intrumental. I am not joking, that while it isn't fast it has awesome riffs and solos. Including a bass solo (Metallica needs more of these in my oppinion).<br />Damage Inc.: Like Battery a classic Metallica thrasher, nothing special compared to the rest of the songs here, but it is Metallica<br />Well that my review, this album must be listened to to be believed
6305878323|5.0|This is a great film for any kid and a complete dream come true to have a baby sitter this fun Julie Andrews and Dick Van Dyke team up together and they seem to have a great time together entertaining the kids and I love to see Julie with her umberella a good friend have gave me a figurine of her holding her umbrella I really did like this movie it is witty, fun, enchanting, and entertaining!!!!!!
0676973779|2.0|In the book jacket one of the reviewers compares this book to the works of Magic Realism.  I myself find that comparison erroneous and offensive.<br />The book is charming and well written, but it is a lot more &quot;A Beautiful Mind&quot; than any magic realism.  That the character does not have a solid ground on truth is already exhibited by the premise that one may combine all three major religions, please God equally as it were. That would only be possible by disassociating himself from the true demands of any faith, by separating the Christian in oneself from the hindu, etc. How schizophrenic is that?<br />Then there is the matter of how the rest of the story goes.  Yes, perhaps a necessary way in which the character manages to cope with a horrible reality... none of the faiths seem to work, because none of them is truly accepted ... thus, something else needs to be invented, this communion with the animals.<br />A story that makes you believe in God?  Hardly, perhaps a new-age type of deity that pleases neither God nor man.
080013558X|5.0|This is one of the cutest kids movies of all times and I loved it . I love little Orpahn Annie the young lady who portrayed this role did a wonderful job!!!!!  Albert Finney, and Carol Burnettt did a great job also .   This is a musical and it is about and orphan going to live for a little while with a rich tycoon billionaire &quot;Daddy Warbucks&quot; I liked this movie it was cute, witty, and entertaining this is a lot of dancing, tap dancing , and singing in this movie I really did like this movie I thought it was so adorable!!!!
B00005JLRT|1.0|Just not a big Star Trek fan....
B0000C4GQV|5.0|It's definitely hands down the best in 6 years. Their guitarist that replaced Logan Mader is thankfully gone, good bye, and good riddance. In to replace him is Rob Flynns old bandmate from Violence, and these two definitely make an awesome guitar tag team. The fast riffs that are heard on Burn my eyes and The more things change are back, especially on the songs, 'Left Unfinished', 'Bite the bullet', 'Vim', and 'Imperium' which has a very similar riff that was featured on the first song off the first album, the song called 'Davidian'.  Back and as good as always are, very thankfully, the guitar solos, which were taken out pretty much completely on Burning Red and Supercharger. The solos are something I found enjoyable on their first two albums.  Although they aren't as frequent on this album as they were on Burn my eyes, they sound pretty damn good. I must say I am very impressed by Dave Mcclains drum work on this album. He does his fastest and best double bass drumming since The more things change. It seemed that they didn't focus as much on the drumming on the previous two albums like they did on Burn my eyes and The more things change, but they cranked up the volume on it on this album and you can clearly hear why Dave Mcclain is one of the truly gifted drummers in the music industry.  Adam Duce's bass sounds as good as always and he does his part to add to the powerful heaviness that I and every other early Machine Head fan have been waitng to hear for a long while.
B00005YU1O|3.0|This movie is good if you want to learn and think, but it's not much for &quot;entertainment.&quot;  That's not the purpose it serves.  The animation is fun for a while, but the novelty will wear thin midway through, and then you're in it solely for the monologues.  I'd recommend this movie to anyone interested in philosophy, lucid dreaming, or animation.  DVD extras really make the thing worthwhile though.  All freethinkers must at least rent this thing.
B0000AQVCL|5.0|in only 16 and most kids my age like alot of the new crappy music out there. i have always been a big fan of old bands like aerosmith, ac/dc, and the rolling stones... probably mostly because i play guitar and reconize good music. it is good to be able to enjoy a band from my time. if u are like me and seem to stray away from the regular new stuff then i highly recommend at least giving this band a chance u wont be let down. and even if u dont like the oldies that influence this band i would still suggest giving them a try cuz honestly who doesn't love good fun rock and roll.
B000003TAR|5.0|...This is Nirvana at their very best.  The music, The lyrics, The band, The time, The production.....<br />Its just an amazing album.  The best album by the best band of that era.  Its dark, angry, dirty and has a damn good reason to be like this.  Its what turned away the phoney fans and made the real fans love this band even more.<br />Never has an opening song set the tone for the rest of the album ever.  Serve the Servants shows Kurt Cobain is fed up, hurt and still funny.  Scentless Apprentice is awsome, Heart Shaped Box, amazing, Rape Me is the songs unofficial title track and manages to give these phoneys a slap in the backside, Frances Farmer will be your fave song one week and Dumb the next.  Very Ape and Milk It hit the spot perfectly, Pennyroyal Tea is one of the greatest songs ever.  Nobody shows his emotion like Kurt Cobain.  RFUS has Nirvana at their most Noisy, and is matter of factly my fave song on the album if i had to pick one.  Tourettes is Nirvana doing noise once more in short and sweet way before All Apologies closes the albums real songs and closes the door on Kurt and the band's life.<br />Album of the Decade.
B000002P5W|5.0|you obviously have no sense of music at all. limp bizkit? jimi hendrix was the greatest and most original musician to ever live. even though he did have many influences, his own musical sense was completely original and genius. have you not heard castles made of sand or little wing? man get a clue
B000003TA4|5.0|Thats what this is.<br />We all know this band and this album.  The most famed album of all time, certainly the 90s.  Even the cover tells a story.  Its what made Nirvana and to an extent what broke Nirvana.  It has Kurt Cobain songs written when they were hoping for fame and fortune.  And you cant blame him, the guy was evicted from his flat on the day it was released!<br />The best introduction to the band, one of the best albums you will ever own.  Every song a classic.
B00005JKEZ|5.0|It is a given that \\"The Adentures of Robin Hood\\" is the the film by which all other swashbucklers are measured and it could be argued that this IS the perfect movie.    A magnificent screenplay with the perfect cast in glorious Technicolor and a soundtrack composed by a true master.     Worth the price even without the oustanding special features!      This is definitely a MUST HAVE!
B00006CXXU|5.0|Christina started off as that ultra pop little girl on her first couple of albums. The songs like \\"Genie in a Bottle\\" and \\"Come On Over\\" didn't show off much of her voice. Stripped may be what Aguilera is really and truly like or maybe she's just competing with Britney down to the last rag. This woman has an amazing amount of talent. A voice of a wide range, songs on her album are in styles off a jazz type featuring Alicia Keys (\\"Impossible\\"). Even an on-the-verge-of-rap kind of song (\\"Can't Hold Us Down\\") lyrically questioning why guys can use girls and recieve praise, then girls do the same but are called sluts or whores (\\"The guy gets all the glory the more he can score/ While the girl can do the same and yet you call her a whore\\"). The 20-track cd also includes a more upbeat and shouting song, Makeover, saying she wants to be free and wants to be herself.  Even a completely personal song (\\"I'm OK\\"), when it was recorded her voice broke at times because she was crying-- the sad song of her past is about how her father hurt her mother and left scars unhealable. Cute and covered to Dirrty, if Aguilera thinks baring more will accomplish getting more sales, it may work. But this talent in a bottle should know she doesn't need anything other than her voice to go multi-platinum. Beautiful is possible without exposing skin to the point where it's almost naked. Some of these songs are good, an inspiring one (\\"Soar\\") about to be her fifth single, but some bad (\\"Get Mine, Get Yours\\") reflecting off of her Dirrty look. Stripped holds a variety of genre's of songs, noone can immitate this voice. This woman should unstrip herself and be a good role model, she should know girls at the young age of 10 look up to her and want to be like her. If she were just a voice without exposing she could do well and maybe even better. The opinion of this customer, finally, is this: great voice put with good lyrics, but perfection is nowhere so there must be a flaw, and of course that is thenude she puts herself in.
B00009L1TA|3.0|John Travolta stars in this slick film about the death of an unpopular sergeant while on training maneuvers in Panama.  Nothing is as it seems in this film, as Travolta and a female sidekick interrogate survivors of a massacre and each person they talk to gives a different story.  The action is almost impossible to follow and I'm still not sure what the final twist really signified.  Film makers were really too clever in this movie and their attempts at twists and turns really spoiled it.
B0000AXE8I|1.0|They fight, they go somewhere computer generated, they fight, they go into the matrix, they fight, they go somewhere else in the matrix, they fight...and on and on. Everything that was good from the first film is taken to the highest degree and played over and over and over. By the end I could care less that there is a sequel coming out later. It's a waste of time and money to get/rent. At least I don't have to spend money on the next film!
B00003CXBK|5.0|I am a very harsh critic on Japanese Anime.  Most of the hub bub surrounding Japanese anime is in part because of the violence in the \\"cartoon\\".  Normally, at least in my case, the stories don't make sense, the characters have extremely exaggerated features such as huge eyes, tiny or no nose and tiny tiny mouths. Plus it's almost like watching cardboard, with the background moves as the characters are \\"running\\" (basically standing still in a running pose). Sometimes in anime they will only have a body part moving, like an arm or a hand picking up a cup of coffee, as if to signify the every day habits of people. Most of the time there is no depth to the characters, they don't cast shadows, the background is your basic squares and circles.  The buildings are all the same, side characters are extremely poorly drawn and are mostly baboonish, basically lifeless around the main characters.  The stories are illogical and they are missing the connections that get you from one scene to another.  Having said all of that... <BR> You get none of that in Princess Mononoke.  It is by a wide majority not only the best Japanese Anime made, but ranks right up there as one of the top animation films of any country.  Not only that it is one of the best films, outside of animation release.  This film doesn't try to dazzle you with CGI (Computer Graphics) and it's not out to try to make the characters look as humanly real as possible.  This film instead embraces animation and makes it an art.  The characters movement are fluent and features are proportional, the background has depth and the story makes sense. Not only that, the filmmaker, knowing that he has a certain freedom with animation, creates these little clicking creatures which acts to the wonderment of this feature.  The films is not only beautifully done visually, but the sounds and the music, which normally gets overlooked, are as good as any live-action feature.  The director paid so much attention to detail that the best way to see this film is widescreen with a DVD.  If you don't see it widescreen, because of the framing, you will be doing yourself a bit of injusted, I think.  I don't want to describe what the story is about because I think this is one of those films that every little bit you find out for yourself makes the film that much more enduring to you.  It's nice to let a picture without preview, fanfare or story description, unfold before your unknowing eyes.  This film is rated PG-13 for images of violence and gore but I think 10 years old and up can handle it. If they can handles films such as Star Wars, Willow or other fantasy movies, they can handle this one.  It's worth having in your DVD collection.
6305910340|5.0|Just a note about cinematography.  This is the most amazingly natural look in a film that I have ever seen, and to have assisted at a talk given by Conrad Hall it sounsd like he was more pleased with his photography work in this movie than that in &quot;American Beauty&quot; for which he received an oscar for Best Photography. The beauty of this film is that you son't realize how beautiful it is untill you watch it a second time, the first time you're too occupied with the story and the sheer &quot;naturality&quot; of it, but look at it again, look at the scenes in the boy's bedroom, the first time you saw it you were probably induced into thinking that they got the this kid's room in an actual house and just pointed the camera and shot, the second you realize the excruciating care put into lighting this scene. But also, and more importantly, the scenes in the Chess halls, when Ben Kingsley instructs the child the contrasts between background and foreground, dark areas and bright area is absolutely perfect. Just beautiful!
B0000AXE8I|3.0|A while ago, I written a review on this movie when I saw it in the theater.  Now that it's available for DVD I would like to revise a few things.  As I was trying to watch it, I kept blinking out.  No matter how hard I concentrated and how much I wanted to watch the movie, it just couldn't hold my interest and I now know why.  The movie is lifeless.  It has no soul.  I compare it to watching your best friend play someone else on a video game and you are observing.  Sure it's fun to them and for you it's semi-interesting, but after awhile you become bored with it because it doesn't involve you.  The Matrix Reloaded doesn't bring it audience in with it.  It doesn't seem like it is interested in presenting characters that you care about.  Neo, Trinity, Morpheus and even Agent Smith are just cardboard cutout of their previous self from the previous movie.  Morpheus and Neo have become deities (for lack of a better word) and Trinity is there in order to give Neo a purpose, but she doesn't do much.  Zion, the last free city, doesn't seem like a city worth fighting for.  It's more like an elaborate cave dwelling. But the one thing that stands out like a scab is the obvious looking fake scenes.  Everything is so obvious CGI.  At least the first film final battle seemed as if there was some serious since of urgency and danger.  But this one hits you with so many stunts and CGI effects that after awhile, it becomes dull.  I still give it props on what it is TRYING to achieve, but I have to toned down my earlier glowing remarks.  Hopefully Revolutions can wrap things us for us and make this film a better film.  I know it's a better film, but until Revolution comes out, the trees indeed are blocking the forest.
B00008J2DQ|5.0|I've been listening to hard rock since \\"Back in Black\\" came out, and hundreds of hard rock & metal albums have since made it into my brain. <BR>It's interesting to read some of the negative reviews here, obviously from Alice in Chains fans, who seem to resent Godsmack's success. Why? I don't know. I thought that AIC was the best band in the 90s and I am grateful that Godsmack has picked up some of their sound. They're kind of a mix between AIC and Metallica -- the pre-Black Metallica that focused more on being a band than artists.<BR>I say screw trying to come up with some unique, distinctive sound every album. I liked AIC & Metallica and I always thought that AC/DC's brilliance was in finding a good sound and sticking with it. All I know now is that Godsmack is definitely the best thing to hit hard rock in over a decade, and this is a genre I had almost given up on. If you like hard rock, then you are a fool if you do not at least give Godsmack a shot.<BR>I think their self-titled 1st album is still the best overall, but Awake and Faceless are both heavier. Faceless is an excellent hard rock album, and in my opinion is superior to Awake. As always, your mileage may vary.
B0000C9V3T|4.0|As much as Kill Bill was a terrific movie, the soundtrack contains some really good pieces, a couple of which are worth buying the whole CD for. While there are some odd pieces here and there, particularly the 'ode to o-ren-ishii', a fairly annoying rap, and 'queen of the crime council' which is dialogue lifted from the movie, the rest of the songs really describe the feel of the movie and are excellent to listen to. <br />The song 'Bang Bang' is the opening theme of the movie and is very easy on the ears, with a soft, sad, melodic tune. Track 2 is 'That certain female' which sounds like an elvis song, but nothing too spectacular. 'The grand duel' is a very moving song that is played during the anime sequence in the movie. When this song reaches toward the middle it gets very dramatic and emotional. 'Twisted Nerve' is the whistling song in the hospital, and is also very good coupled with the subtle orchestral tones. Too bad its only a minute and twenty seven seconds long. The next two are the 'oddities' I mentioned, and after that its 'Run fay run' and 'green hornet', both of which, while not as good as the next two songs that follow it, are still very 70s in their tune which is what the film tries to capture. 'Battle without honor or humanity' and 'Don't let me be misunderstood' are my two favorite tracks, the former being the bit where O ren ishii and her group walk toward the House of Blue leaves dance square. Its a very authoritative and badass song that also has a 70s feel to it and I love it. The latter is an extremely catchy and lengthy tune (at 10 minutes), part of which is played during the final fight in Kill Bill. It sounds very much like a latino song but, again, has that 70s touch to it, with fast guitar and trumpet rhythms. Next up is 'woo hoo', the song played by the japanese band in the House of Blue Leaves. A very very 60s-70s-ish dance song that you might not want to play in a room full of today's teen generation, but still strangely attractive inits tune. Next is 'Crane/white lightning' which I think was played during the climactic fight of the movie which is heavy on the synthesizers and sounds very tense. 'The flower of carnage' is a melodic japanese song that best describes O-ren ishii's character. 'The lonely shephard' is the movie's closing theme that, like 'the grand duel', has a very moving tune done mostly in flute. 'You're my wicked life' is another dialogue bit from the movie, which more or less prepares you for the next half of it. The rest of the soundtrack are brief bits of musical effects used throughout the movie, labeled by the CD case as 'kung fu stings and sfx'. <br />All in all this is an excellent soundtrack that features a a number of great songs that definitely keep with the whole feel of the movie. Highly recommended.
B00009TB5G|5.0|I find it amazing how this DVD has already received over one thousand reviews, and it hasn't even come out yet! It's obvious that what we are rating here is not the DVD but the theatrical version of The Two Towers. I plan to wait till I see the DVD (which, if the FOTR extended DVD is anything to go by, is promising to be a work of art) to review it in November. For now, I will succumb to the temptation of putting in my two cents' worth about this movie. I'm not going to say that it's better than the first, simply because I regard it as a continuation of the same story. I won't try to persuade the disgruntled purists to lay off and realize that it is a film, a different medium and should be judged on its own merits. Many reviewers before me did a wonderful job expressing this point. I would like to appeal to those who, like myself, have loved the movie but have found some changes hard to accept, namely Faramir, Aragon's fall, etc. I must say I was quite shaken by the change in Faramir when I saw the movie for the first time. It took me a while to realize that what Peter Jackson and his team did here must have a reason, just like any other changes that they chose to make. The more I thought about it, the more I came to understand this choice. And this is where the Extended DVD will come in! Many of us know that with the extra 43 minutes of footage will come more character development. Faramir's relationship with his father will come to light. In all fairness, would it be realistic to expect that Faramir, who had such a great desire to prove himself to his father and to save his city, would pass up a chance to acquire The One Ring? I think that, once we see the extended film in all its glory, we will understand this and other changes much better. Remember how it was with the extended version of FOTR! And this is precisely my point: let's wait until the Extended TTT DVD comes out to really appreciate it (and don't forget the excellent bonus documentaries that are sure to please us fans!). Let's give Peter Jackson and his team the benefit of a doubt and an allowance for creative changes; surely they deserved at least that for sharing their talents and giving us the gift of the Lord of the Rings movie trilogy!
B00008H2LB|4.0|O.k, its not the excellence personified that was hybrid theory, but its good enough.<BR>Most LP fans i know are the type of people that skip the rapping to get to the screaming, but i like the mix of styles, and that shows on this album.<br />Don't Stay: A great song, a bit aggresive, but a good track anyway. 8/10<br />Somewhere i belong: What a guitar intro, how does brad do it? A great song to boot, the rapping and chorus sync together really well, a good song 9/10<br />Lying from you: A fairly good song, not the strongest on the album, but its still good 8/10<br />Hit the floor: I don't want to say bad, coz there's not a bad song on this album, but it's defenitly lacking something. 7/10<br />Easier to run: Best. Song. Ever. Quite simply astonishing, a work of genius, soft and gentle, but heavy at the same time. 11/10<br />Faint: Another fantastic song, the rapping and chorus fit together really well, and its just an excellent song. 11/10<br />Figure 09: Another good song, it has its flaws, but its has the best bridge on the album ( for those unmusical people among you thats the &quot;and now&quot; bit) a generally good song. 8.5/10<br />Breaking the habit: Just excellent, it proves chester can do more than just scream, and it's just a really really really good song. 10/10<br />From the inside: Not the best successor to the numb legacy, a pretty average song, defenitley not up to the standard of the rest of the cd. 7/10<br />Nobodys Listening: Okay, i'm not a hip-hop fan, but i think a hip-hop fan would appreciate it more so it gets an 8/10<br />Session: Its not cure for the itch 7/10<br />Numb: OMG! An abosuletly awsome song, so sad and melodic, again <BR>proving chester can do more than shreik mindlessly 10/10<br />just a good cd all round, average score 8.7/10
B00005NB8J|4.0|This movie is sooo good. Its one of the best science fiction movie ive seen. I really think Kurt and James Spider did a great job but my favorte character is Ra. <BR>I have a thing for the bad guys in movies.  Ra (Jaye Davidson) and the emperor (Ian Mcdirmid) are tow of my favorite villians.<br />But it takes more than cool villians to make a good movie, it needs a good plot ofcourse, the special effects need to be good and the acting needs to be realistic. This movie has got it all and much, much more.  A must see for any star-wars, star-trek ore any other sciance fiction fans.
B000089RVR|4.0|In her follow-up sophomore album to her hit debut album, Dido's become comfortable enough with her voice to carry the melody, relying less on the background instrumentation that was so prominent on &quot;No Angel&quot; and letting her soft-spoken tones flow through.<br />&quot;White Flag&quot; was a strong single to help launch promotion for this album, the familiar background luring old fans back, the music video's presence of Angel's David Boreanaz a second motivating factor, yet it's not truly reflective of the overall ambience of the song.  In many respects, her second single &quot;Life for Rent&quot; is a better beautiful demonstration on how Dido's branched out more and begun to emphasize her voice, the slightly breathy yet warm and rich sound.<br />Some amused cynicism has crept into her music, her lyrics echoing her sly wit and amused status on songs such as &quot;Stoned&quot; , &quot;Mary's In India&quot;.  Clearly relaxed with her writing style now, a rather positive aura exudes from this album, her comfort flowing in my personal favourites &quot;Don't Leave Home&quot; and &quot;See the Sun&quot;.  The latter, in particular, has a great drum beat and hits a homey note that leaves you contentedly working, with your toe tapping along.<br />Dido incorporates a different, more modern rhythm with an unsettling vibe at first on &quot;Who Makes You Feel&quot;, echoed slightly on &quot;Do You Have a Little Time&quot; which becomes more familiar with several listens.  As if apologetically compensating for the new style, &quot;WMYF&quot; is followed up immediately by &quot;Sand in My Shoes&quot; which is a more traditional-Dido style song, possibly the most upbeat with a quick tune which brings a flavour of bubbly pop with Dido's usual eloquent lyrics.<br />Admittedly, &quot;Life for Rent&quot; may not have the same pop-associated tunes that &quot;No Angel&quot; had in spades, but with a more mellow ambience, her new album shows Dido growing up and learning that hervoice is a stunning presence on its own.  Her lyrics are as beautiful as ever and if Dido continues in this vein, her demographic audience will probably grow up well with her.  A great album worthy of the chart rankings it's raking in, you can wait in anticipation to see what she pulls off next.
B00006G8K0|5.0|One of Hammer's finest films and the one that really put the company on the map, Horror of Dracula features two of the best performances in any Dracula film; Peter Cushing radiates energy, passion and purpose as Van Helsing. He gives the performance an edge missing from almost every other performance save Anthony Hopkins odd take on the character. The vitality of Cushing's performance makes it believeable that he is, indeed, a formitable foe for Lee's Dracula.<br />Lee, on the other hand, radiates sensual animal energy as Dracula. This is a creature that can be both charming and deadly all within a few moments of each other. While Lee would go on to play the character numerous times, the character was robbed of &quot;life&quot; with each successive feature. Sadly, there was no one that could come up with as compelling a script as screenwriter Jimmy Sangster did with this his second Hammer feature.<br />The team of Sangster and director Terence Fisher breath life into a character that had become a joke by the beginning of the 50's. While Fisher's film lack the cinematic scope of directors like David Lean, Alfred Hitchcock or Stanley Kubrick, he is of a similar stature within the horror genre. His films have color, movement where other horror films are static and a number of great performances. Horror of Dracula, despite the budget limitations apparent on the screen, is probably the most faithful in spirit to Stoker's novel. Rather than allow the material to be bogged down in atmosphere, Fisher chose to make Dracula an action film. This approach had a huge impact on the genre as a whole. Fisher and Hammer changed the rules of the horror genre with this film. The gore was evident on screen and in vibrant technicolor.<br />Sangster's adaption does make a number of interesting departures from Stoker's novel (for budget as well as cinematic reasons). Jonathan Harker has been hired by Dracula to catalog his enormous library on his estate. Upon his arrival, Harker is charmed by Dracula but puzzled when his mistress tells him privately that she is being held prisoner. Later Harker encounters her again and she attacks him biting him on the neck. Harker awakens in his bedroom and begins his true work; he's a vampire killer and disciple of Dr. Van Helsing. He plans on killing Dracula and his bride. He updates his journal for Van Helsing (knowing that he will come looking for him)and leaves it by the castle gates hidden in a crevice.<br />He drives a stake through the heart of Dracula's bride but fails to do so with Dracula himself; sundown has arrived and Dracula plans on feasting on the unfortunate Harker. Dracula then decides to take Harker's fiance as his next bride as part of his revenge.<br />Van Helsing shows up at the Inn where Harker dined prior to venturing to Castle Dracula. Clearly the residents are frightened of Dracula; they don't want to discuss Harker. Van Helsing makes his way to the caslte in hopes of finding his friend.<br />The DVD transfer is vivid and terrific (particularly when compared to a film only a few years older House of Wax produced by Warner Brothers). The film appears to be overmatted a bit (some of the heads are cropped a bit too closely). It could be that this is the matted version that Warner released to theaters in the US. I seem to recall that Horror was released in an aspect ratio fairly close to the stnadard 1.33:1 television aspect ratio. I could be mistaken.<br />The most glaring sin is the lack of extras. Lee has done full audio commentaries for the marvelous The Devil Rides Out and the minor classic Dracula Prince of Darkness so I'm surprised Warner didn't contact him for this. It probably came down to simple economics. The Mummy was released the same way two years ago. It's a pity as Lee's commentary would have been very interesting.<br />Although it's a flawed release, this movie certainly deserves all five stars given it. It's one of the seminal horror films from the 50's and one that changedthe rules of the game. The image quality and sound make this edition worth seeking out despite some minor blemishes such as the overmatting of the image.the rules of the game. The image quality and sound make this edition worth seeking out despite some minor blemishes such as the overmatting of the image.
0385504209|5.0|I listened to this book on tape on a long road trip - before I knew it I was at my destination. The book kept me so interested and attentive I hardly realized I'd been in the car for 4 hours straight. Very entertaining, educational, and suspenseful.  I highly recommend for audio listening.
B00005JKC3|5.0|Sometimes I wonder what film some people were watching.  Ang Lee's &quot;Hulk&quot; is an absolute marvel which, in my opinion, is the greatest comic book film created to date!  The first time Bruce Banner (Eric Bana) transforms into the Hulkster caused chills to run up my spine, and I got to tell ya', almost took my breath away!  Some of the most incredible, smack-down style action scenes I've ever seen! <br />And, it's not just action, this film possesed great acting, masterful directing and a storyline which wasn't bad at all.  A great all-around film which even the most discriminate of comic book films would adore. <br />The most unique element of this film is it's cinematic brilliance of split-screens, disolves, wipes, pans, zooms...you name it!  Watching this film made me feel like I was actually reading a comic book.  Please note, this review is based on the theatrical release, so if the DVD is any better than that you're gonna get more than your money's worth!
B00009UW0N|1.0|this is not scary at all nightmare on elm street is scary then this
B000092ZYX|5.0|I loved this CD the very first time I listened to it. It's also the first Radiohead CD I've ever bought. Based on how much I liked this I went ahead and ordered all the rest of their works.<BR>Musically the sound is beautiful, strange, original. A tinge of psychedelic rock. The lyrics are interesting and can have several levels of meaning. You need to expend some effort to plumb their depths. Not for the shallow or stupid or impatient. Yes, the overall concept is currently political, but the lyrics could very well be relevant decades from now. Thom Yorke's voice is hypnotic and unique. I can't recommend this more highly. I keep listening to the CD over and over and it doesn't get dull. My favorite on this is &quot;Where I end and you begin&quot;, as well as &quot;2+2+5&quot;, &quot;Sit down stand up&quot;, &quot;I will&quot;, &quot;Sail to the moon&quot;, &quot;A punchup at the wedding&quot;, &quot;Wolf at the door&quot;.
B00008DDSC|5.0|This movie is fabulous. The cinematography is wonderful and the acting is great. I saw this with a bunch of friends and the only negative feedback from any of them was that it was &quot;weird&quot; for me that is often a good thing, but the negative undertone of this comment came not from the movie but from the persons lack of self confidence. Definately see this movie with someone who is confident enough to enjoy something that may make others uncomfortable... Great movie! If you watch it and aren't enjoying it stick it out the ending is something you don't want to miss
B00004WKII|5.0|The Jimi Hendrix Box Set is a true experience for a Jimi Hendrix fan. This Box Set contains mostly studio recordings, and rare live recordings all sounding great. Starting with the first CD its alot of The Jimi Hendrix Experience's early recordings very cool version of Purple Haze(outtake). The second CD goes to alot of axis bold as love outtakes like Little Wing, Little Miss Lover, Bold As Love, and live recordings of sounds such as The Burning Of The Midnight Lamp, and The Wind Cries Mary. The Third CD is alot of Hendrix's latter recordings like Izabella, Spanish Castle Magic, Hear My Train A Comin. The fourth CD is my personal favorite including alot of his final recordings like Message To Love, Freedom, Ezy Rider, Night Bird Flying, and live recordings of All Along The Wacthtower, and In From The Storm. I have listened to this CD hundreds of times I love it its a must have that should be added to your CD collection. The Box-Set includes a Booklet also with many rare pictures and tells about the songs. Enjoy!
B000002MFQ|5.0|Mike Oldfield has accomplished what most musicians will never accomplish in their lifetimes.  He has written several complete symphonies, although to the untrained eye it may not be quickly evident.<br />To anyone who has followed Oldfield, more than half of his albums are best enjoyed as a whole and are written with a complete story to be told.<br />Although Bells II is a remake of the original Bells, it is also evident that it is completely different while remaining exactly the same.  Listen to it, and you'll figure out what I just said.  <br />My only criticism of the entire album is the choice of the banjo for Moonshine, the last cut.  It mimics the light-hearted last cut on Bells, but I would have preferred another hornpipe or possibly a harp piece.<br />That being said, I give this album absolutely top marks.  Without a doubt, Mike's outstanding talents as a composer are matched by his outright musical talents as a musician, and if you listen to enough of his music and learn what all he plays and how well he plays it all, you'll start to really appreciate him as I have for the last thirty years.<br />Mitch
B0000C9ZSV|5.0|JIMI PLAYS BERKLEY SECOND SET!!!!! I have to say listening to this CD I was sort of amazed on a few of these songs what HENDRIX would do next. Starting the concert with PASS IT ON STRAIGHT AHEAD which HENDRIX played at most of his 1970 concerts it was prob one of the best songs of the second set. Next Hendrix played Hey Baby which this song I LOVE!!!!this was a new song hendrix had just written. Next Hendrix played Lover Man which was very quick. Then he played Stone Free a great version. Hey Joe was played next which Hendrix had difficulties with his amps which you can hear on the CD but Hendrix keeps going. I DONT LIVE TODAY was a rare song to hear Hendrix play in the 70s which he did that night. Machine Gun was out of this world Hendrix always kept the song going with its running time 11:22. Hendrix then played an out of tune version of Foxy Lady his guitar prob got so far out of tune from Machine Gun with huge guitar bends. Hendrix then played Star Spangled Banner to Purple Haze. Hendrix closed the night with Voodoo Child (slight return) which he floored. In all this entire SECOND SET CD I rated a 5 because it deserives it Hendrix played his heart out like he always did and thats why Hendrix is what he is if your a HENDRIX fan you prob already have this but if you dont buy it regardless if your a fan or not.
B000005RU2|5.0|It really irritates me when people say that heavy metal is the only style of music that Deep Purple were good at.  Sure, they may have mastered that style more than any other, but most people seem to be ignorant of the fact that Purple could play blues and jazz EXCELLENTLY.  C'mon people, these lads were way too talented to be reduced to 'just heavy metal'.  <BR>Anyway, this album may very well be the greatest live rock album ever.  Each member of the band are at their best on this one, especially Ritchie.  The intensity level is off the page.<br />\\"HIGHWAY STAR\\": Twice as monstrous as the studio original.  Gillan spits out the lyrics like a madman, while the rest of the band chugs along at a breakneck pace.  Contains some of Ritchie's awesome finger-flashing at the end, which totally obliterates the studio version.<br />\\"CHILD IN TIME\\": This is Deep Purple's unparalleled masterpiece.  But Gillan's vocals on this version aren't nearly as good as they usually were.  But Ritchie makes up for it with a jazzy solo that must be heard to be believed.  I personally love the part where he keeps playing the same chord sequence over and over until you think you're gonna burst if he doesn't stop!  And he does it so fast, and without making a single mistake.  Ritchie is unreal.<br />\\"SMOKE ON THE WATER\\": Their most famous song, mainly because of the legendary guitar riff, which sounds even more powerful on this version.  This is the riff that inspired a generation.  Features a cool guitar/organ competition at the end, in which Ritchie and Jon try to outdo each other.  Ritchie's solo is also awesome.<br />\\"THE MULE\\": Ian Paice is the greatest drummer that ever lived, just a shade above Ginger Baker.  His drum solo on this song will convince you.<br />\\"STRANGE KIND OF WOMAN\\": This is unquestionably the best song on the album.  Ritchie's blues licks have never been better.  In particular, listen to the second solo, where he builds up the tension and then releases it in a stunningclimax.  It's like an orgasm.  It may be the best solo he's ever played.  And this is also the song that features the famous guitar/vocal competition.  Gillan mimics Blackmore's notes so perfectly that it's downright scary.<br />\\"LAZY\\": Features an organ intro that just boggles the mind.  Cool harmonica from Gillan and excellent licks from Blackmore.<br />\\"SPACE TRUCKIN'\\": Overrated.  The long, instrumental section is definitely not Purple at their best.  But it's still interesting.<br />All in all, this is a must-have for any hard rock lover.  A journalist for Kerrang! Magazine once wrote, and I quote, \\"There are moments on this album that have never been beaten in the history of rock music\\".  That pretty much says it all.<br />Oh, and the bonus tracks aren't really that great.  But this re-mastered version is still worth buying, mainly for the superb sound quality.
B000002H33|5.0|This cd is just so damn good!!!Not one bad or even just ok song.Though the best one I think is Sanitarium,they all are great.Skip st.Anger and go and get Master Of The Puppets!!
B00006RU5B|4.0|What do you get when you add three former members of one of rock's most talented, and most often hailed, bands and put them with one of grunge's most successful howling frontmen? Well, exactly what you'd expect: a supergroup that blends two sounds from their previous bands and makes a by-the-numbers, yet very powerful, debut album.<br />You have to hand it to Chris Cornell and Tom Morello, it's a wonderful idea, combining two of the most-respected bands the 90's had to offer together. The overall result is wickedly satisfying, if not a teensy bit flawed. It seems after awhile, that this band is trying to be Led Zeppelin, with those bombasting riffs and wailing vocals. Cornell has a spectacular voice, and Morello is one of music's finest guitarists of our time, maybe even of all-time. It's just that there is no shock, no sudden surprise to any of it. It's a pleasure hearing all of this come to life, and boy does it, but you get the sense that they could have ventured deeper and could have dug up more from thier creative vessels.<br />That isn't to say this is a bad record, not by any means. Maybe since this was going to be their debut, the band didn't want to come out with something that no one wasn't ultimately expecting. So, they did the safest thing they knew to do, and that was make a good, hard rock record. The nicest thing they do is make some good honest ballads, which was never really seen with Rage, a political-based band.<br />&quot;Like A Stone,&quot; one of the best songs to come out in years, is a teriffically written, and well-sung ballad, that shows off Cornell's chops very well. It also allows us to see that Morello can play the slow solo extemely well, too. &quot;Cochise&quot; displays the thunder-and-lightning these guys all have under their belts, and so do a few other namely tracks, like the piercing &quot;Set It Off,&quot; the rampaging &quot;Gasoline,&quot; and the booming &quot;Light My Way.&quot; But, the slow, melody-driven moody ballads like&quot;I Am The Highway&quot; and &quot;Getaway Car&quot; prove to us that Cornell is a great writer, and Morello, Wilks and Commerford are all especially talented at their instruments.<br />It's a difficult job to handle, coming from two legendary bands and making a modern-day version, but Audioslave pulls it off quite well. It's a good album, because you know what you're getting and although some might not find it too thrilling, this is a band that has been around the block and knows how it's all done. Give them a couple albums to start experimenting with their creative juices, but for now, just go with the flow and enjoy what they're giving us.
B0000640S3|4.0|Onreading luckylynx's review for this movie, I was quite simply disgusted by the over-awing ignorance it showed.  When he talks about Rambo helping the Taliban 'enslave' the Afghan people, and later about how Afghanistan 'fell' to the freedom fighters(the people), I wonder if he has his head screwed on wrong.  He seems to support the Soviet occupation, and the mass murder it entailed(even scarier when this particular facet of that war is so forcibly thrown in your face in the movie).  Then he calls the freedom fighters 'jihadists'.  The day risking your life to save your homeland from foreign invasion becomes an act of terrorism as luckylynx insinuates, is a sad day for mankind indeed.  If the US fell to an imaginary superpower in the name of 'regime change', I would fight to the death.  Not only Americans are patriots.  When he then implies that the Afganistan was responsible for 911, my heart breaks at his lack of intelligence and/or moral fiber.  The Taliban, although more repressive than we Westerners might like, had nothing to do with that nasty piece of work.  Direct your anger at our 'friends' the Saudis, who sponored Osama.  Calling the little kid an 'al Quaeda kid', is also extremely ignorant.  Just had to get that off my chest.
B00006F83Y|5.0|It's hard to pin down Queens Of The Stone Age into a certain genre of rock music. You used to be able to call them stoner-rock, but they've seemed to wiggle out of that on this record. They still have that stoner-rock edge, but QOTSA branches out a little more on their third major-label outing. Using more psychedelia, more metal and even more punk elements than ever before, QOTSA reaches a level that is sure to win them over much acclaim from critics and rock music fans all over.<br />Starting out with the electric-charge of &quot;Millionaire,&quot; in which lead singer Josh Homme screams his lungs out and manages to slip in some good melody in-between, QOTSA weaves in and out of catchy hooks, mixed in with those now-distinguishable fuzz guitars, and plenty of get-high moments that are almost epic. With Dave Grohl frantically beating the drums, Mark Lanegan (sounding like Bob Dylan on acid when he leads a few songs) twitching away at his six-string, and Nick Oliveri plunging on his bass (especially on the title track closer), this album contains tightly-crafted songs that seem to be inspired by the likes of the Clash (&quot;Go With The Flow&quot;), Motorhead (&quot;Six Shooter&quot;) and Lynyrd Skynyrd (&quot;God Is In The Radio&quot;), if these bands were all on some sort of drug.<br />QOTSA can be epic and haunting (&quot;Song For The Deaf&quot;), fun and carefree (&quot;Another Love Song&quot;) and even soft and mind-bending (the hidden track, &quot;Mosquito Song&quot;). It's a wonderfully eclectic blend of rock music, that opens doors in the minds of any upcoming musician. It's so damn refreshing to see a commercial band act and sound so independent from it's fellow competitors.<br />Queens Of The Stone Age is what I like to call a adjective band: a band that has a different word for every song they create. Let's just hope they'll keep it that way. If you like your rock with a different feel to it, check this out.
B0000C0FJB|5.0|The overall sound of this recording is excellent. It is sad that a few fans don't understand why the sound is the way it is. This is the &quot;Vapor Trails&quot; Tour. The sound mimics the mix of the Vapor Trails album. Yes it is a little Bass/Lead heavy in parts but that was the goal. I have seen Rush over a dozen times and it is about time they loosen up and jam. That is what they are doing on this tour. They are wide open and having fun.  Which is welcomed with open arms by me. As for the crowd noise, I welcome it. U.S. crowds are lame in comparison. I have never felt more energy coming from a  crowd. As a musician I would love to perform in front of a crowd like this. These people were enjoying the show. Not like the lame crowds here in the states that sit in their chairs and ssh! the person next to them. More albums like this and the Hall of Fame might wake up and realize that Rush is not dead!
B00009UW0N|3.0|I remember seeing Halloween in a packed theatre when it was re-released in '79 and being on the edge of my seat.  Until the first Alien and Night of the Living Dead, a film has never scared me as much.  Well I can still say that Alien & Night are first-rate horror films.  I can no longer say the same about Halloween.  I'm not sure why this film now feels so hollow & rudimentary in places.  And the acting in this film is often terrible.  Except for Donald Pleasance, I think it's safe to say these girls needed a few lessons.  It's not completely their fault(the script is pretty bad and the screenplay draws the characters as if they were utter morons).  Carpenter has never seemed to direct actors well, especially his female actors, and it definitely shows in this film.  Halloween is virtually without gore but that was not a consideration for me when reviewing this film.  I  prefer suggestions of horror over gore, anyday.  In conclusion, if you're a first-time viewer and your expectations aren't too high, you may enjoy this.  It still retains a decent atmosphere of dread along with a few scares, I suppose.  But the film is no longer the fright classic so many of its defenders make it out to be.  I would recommend the two films I mentioned earlier over this: Alien & Night of the Living Dead.  Anyway, I gave the dvd 3 stars: 2 for the film and an extra star for the features & commentary.
B00005JLYW|1.0|Ordinarily, I wouldn't even waste time even thinking about &quot;Charlie's Angels: Full Throttle.&quot; Then I realized that somebody, somewhere, must speak out against this idiotic excuse for a movie. We rented this flick on a slow (slow, sloooow) weekend night and somehow sat through to the end. A few of the gags and cameos at the beginning of the movie provoked some unexpected laughs from Yours Truly. Then, after about half an hour, I realized what a boondoggle mess &quot;Full Throttle&quot; is and the laughter ceased.<br />I hate this movie NOT because I am &quot;anti chick-flick&quot; or &quot;anti-women&quot; or because I doubt whether female actors can produce a mindless action flick as well as a Tom Cruise or a Harrison Ford can. I hate this movie because it represents a kind of death of cinema. Because it has no plot, no story WHATSOEVER, merely a series of lame, pointless action scenes building up to nothing at all. I hate it because it cheats the audience with one gimmicky, ridiculous, unbelievable CGI action sequence after another. I sat staring at the screen in slack-jawed disbelief during so many scenes. I mean, does producer Drew Barrymore think we're stupid, or what?<br />&quot;The Matrix&quot; movies contain just as many CGI shots (OK, more), but at least they contain a kernel of plot, some semblance of story. I could go back into ancient mythology and find the inspirations for Neo, Morpheus and the like. Not so &quot;Full Throttle.&quot; Its most basic inspiration is, like so many of today's big-budget Hollywood train wrecks, a TV crime show that's more than 25 years old. It's so bad that it doesn't even qualify as a bad sequel -- it couldn't possibly make any difference that this film had a predecessor. Its real inspiration is cynicism; Drew Barrymore hit upon an idea for a pop cultural franchise that would keep her career alive, and Sony is going to milk it for every dollar.<br />Fortunately, &quot;Full Throttle&quot; wasn't exactly &quot;full throttle&quot; at the box office. People caught a whiff and stayed away.<br />This movie is why I loved &quot;Open Range.&quot;<br />Everyone associated with any &quot;Charlie's Angels&quot; movie should be ashamed. It's certainly a black mark on Cameron Diaz.<br />Please, please, please, spend your time and money on something with at least half a brain. This movie is an hour and a half of my life gone forever.
B00005JM09|4.0|After a 12 year absence, a Terminator movie is around. One more time Arnold Schwarzenegger repeats his signature role, and despite this time the director of the first two movies James Cameron, the actress Linda Hamilton and the actor Edward Furlong didn't came back for T3, there's new blood on the series.      In &quot;Terminator 3: Rise Of The Machines&quot;, there is a new Terminator model, the T-X (Terminatrix), played by the gorgeous Kristanna Loken, who does a good job as a cold and precise cybernetic killer. Also there is a new John Connor, actor Nick Stahl. On this movie John Connor loses a lot of the personality that Edward Furlong printed to the character in &quot;Terminator 2: Judgement Day&quot;. However, the pretty Claire Danes fills the hole left by the &quot;new&quot; John Connor, Claire plays Kate, a brave woman that refuses to let the humanity to be destroyed.      The visual effects and the audio effects are incredible. The highlight is a vehicle chase scene, which is jaw-dropping. Despite T3 doesn't have the same depth of the first two movies, is a very enjoyable film and a worthy sequel.
0066214122|1.0|Hmmm.  Let's see here, I see a couple of things that sound a little familiar.  I see a high tech experiment, run by a crack team of scientists who don't realize the danger they're putting the world into with said experiment.  I also see an outsider who comes into said experiment, an outsider who instantly realizes the inherent hazards of what is going on.  Alright, then I see that the experiment goes horribly awry!  The terror of it all!  Those stupid scientists thought that they could make a profit off of this futuristic technology, when they were putting the fate of the world in jeapordy!  Luckily, the Outsider manages to save us all, and yet we are left with a sobering conclusion:  Will our own hubris be the end of us all?!  Man, Prey had it all, and yet i'm certain i've read it somewhere before.  Oh, right, I read it in Jurassic Park.  And The Andromeda Strain.  And Timeline.  Crichton is guilty of plagarism, but I don't think it counts because he's ripping off his own work.  Again.  Prey is a decent enough way to kill an afternoon, (it's mercifully short) but I wouldn't expect too much unless this is your first from Crichton.  Otherwise, it's just another one of his standard Sci-Thriller Mad-libs, this time with Nanobots instead of dinosaurs.
B00009MGGI|5.0|Superb acting combined with great writing, make this trilogy one of the most outstanding pieces of political fiction to have ever come out of Great Britain.  The main character - Francis Urquhart - is Machiavellian to the core, but ads a layer of complexity to his character that is Shakespearian to the end.<br />I've seen the entire trilogy 4 times (as well as read all 3 novels upon which the films are based), and I've not even begun to tire of it yet.
B00003CXA6|4.0|As a Civil War buff, I found the film to be very historically accurate with only a few fictional moments.  Ronald Maxwell undoubtedly researched this battle for years and came out on top of all other depictions of that battle that turned the war.  The defense of Little Round Top and Pickett's Charge was so real that I had to visit the site once again to replay it in my mind.  Sheen as Lee was brilliant, Berenger portrayal was irreproachable and the casting of the entire film was near perfection.  The part of Sgt. Kilrain, while fictional, was inspirational and encompassed the spirit of someone who must have been in that battle. While more men died at Gettysburg in three days than in the entire Viet Nam war, one has to be seriously moved to imagine the scope of that battle that changed the war and saved the nation.  &quot;Gettysburg&quot; will remain in the halls of great films forever.
B0000C0FJB|5.0|For one thing, this fine recording serves as a better &quot;best of&quot; product than previous discs released with that objective. Contrary to the inexplicable opinions of some, the audio in this record is good for a live recording, and the band is as tight (rhythmically together) as I've ever heard them. One caveat -- the audience is louder in this recording than most live recordings, but that's because they've been starved for Rush's first appearance in their country and they sing almost every note of every song -- including the instrumentals! I like it, but it might not be to everyone's taste. Rush has been one of my favorites for more than 20 years. As someone who has both composed and performed professionally, I can't think of any group whose craftsmanship I admire more. Listen and see why.
B00004BZ0N|5.0|did the cranky reviewer really compare the clash to avril lavigne... oh honestly if it weren't for bands as classic as this she'd be singing pop crud or something... and at least the clash were singing about something real.  dude... you don't know what you're talking about!
B00000K3CM|5.0|What kind of idiots do you have working here? <BR>&quot;The finest in New York.&quot;<BR>- This is just an idea of the great writing &amp; acting in Home Alone 2:Lost In New York. This is the second of 4 movies by Chris Columbus. Lil' Kevin McCallister gets caught up in more trouble again in this sequel to Home Alone.<BR> Home Alone 2:Lost in New York starts with the Christmas Pageant where young Kevin manages to get himself in a bit of bother with Buzz who manages to make Kevin look like a laughing stock in front of many parents. Buzz then makes a very phony,but convincing apology to the family who accept it (as idiots).As he brings this apology to an end,he calls Kevin a &quot;troutsniffer&quot;. The acting in this film is pure brilliance,especially the parts of the two &quot;Wet Bandits&quot; played by Joe Pesci &amp; Daniel Stern.This film is such a hilarious film especially with great actors such as Joe Pesci,Daniel Stern,Catherine O'Hara,Tim Curry,Rob Schneider &amp; not forgetting the fine young actor Macaulay Culkin. If you like Home Alone 2:Lost in New York then you are bound to love Home Alone.Although Home Alone 3 &amp; 4 are not worth seeing as they are not the originals with Macaulay Culkin &amp; the original Bandits
0790729970|4.0|yeah i copied it from the simpson so what big deal wanna fight about it. i loved this movie but the only special features are deleted scenes and the trailer. and directors commentary. no behind the scenes or commentary by jim carrey. something like that would be great
B00005JLKB|5.0|For those who have not seen Smallville, you dont understand what you are missing. This show has to be the greatest show of 2002-2003. It is a must for Smallville fans to buy this. I have seen every episode and it justs gets better and better.
B00005JKC3|5.0|ang lee has made a better movie tan crouching tiger hidden dragon. i dont know why people say it sucks. it kicks ass.yeah its almost 3 hours but look at titanic. right not a good example. but it still kicks ass. 3 hours of tight stuff. i admit i never really was a big fan of the hulk, but when i saw the movie it change me about the way i liked the hulk. every single second is worth it. i know it sounds weird but ang lee is a pretty good director, and not just that, ebert and robert gave it 2 thumbs up.......help?
B00006CXXU|2.0|On October 29, 2002, RCA released Christina Aguilera's new CD, \\"Stripped.\\" Instead of singing about crushes and jeannies in bottles, Christina now sings twenty songs about being \\"Dirty,\\" expressing who you are as in \\"Beautiful,\\" and how girls should be able to sleep with whomever they want without a guilty conscience as asserted in \\"Can't Hold Us Down.\\" Christina makes a pathetic attempt to show how she has changed from her previous pop image to her new \\"Dirty\\" image. In her song \\"Beautiful,\\" she sings about how she is beautiful just being herself, which apparently is a pound of makeup along with numerous facial piercings. I give \\"Stripped\\" 2 stars out of 5 because Aguilera does have singing capability; however, she exerts far to much effort, in her songs, in trying to replace her past innocent image with a new sex-driven powerful persona.
0316666343|5.0|I totally enjoyed this book, easy to read I could not put it down. The story is both profound and compelling. It illustrates well how fragile life can be and how we sometimes don't see for looking. Even thought the story is desperately sad at the same time it's not, hard to explain but understood once read.  I found myself challenging my preconceived ideas of the beyond life. And questioning `is there life after death?'. For anyone who has lost someone very close, as I have, the book reminds you of their passing, sometimes it brought a tear to my eye. But it gave me hope that just maybe they are out there watching over us. Read this book with a tissue near to hand!
B0000AXE8I|1.0|As bad as the Matrix was good, as hackneyed as it's predecessor was innovative, this is not a film so much as it is a train wreck.  Possibly even worse than Battlefield Earth. Badly written, indifferently acted.  Bad! Bad film makers. Bad.  Shame on you all.
B000001ABD|4.0|This collection suffers from the same problem that afflicted Pat Benatar's &quot;All Fired Up: The Best of ...&quot; and David Bowie's &quot;Singles Collection&quot; -- if the record company could find a shorter version, they used it. What follows is the time for some of my favorite songs (not a complete list), with the version found on &quot;At the Close of the Century&quot; versus &quot;Song Preview&quot;:<br />Superstition 4:26 &gt; 4:02<br />Living For The City 7:23 &gt; 3:41<br />Higher Ground 3:42 &gt; 3:09<br />Boogie On Reggae Woman 5:13 &gt; 4:09<br />Master Blaster (Jammin') 5:09 &gt; 4:49<br />Part Time Lover 4:12 &gt; 3:43<br />Here are some of the bigger songs missing from Song Preview that you'll find on Century:<br />Shoo-Be-Doo-Be-Doo-Da-Day<br />Until You Come Back To Me<br />For Once In My Life<br />Yester-Me, Yester-You, Yesterday<br />We Can Work It Out<br />If You Really Love Me<br />Superwoman<br />Isn't She Lovely<br />You Haven't Done Nothin'<br />...and a few others (Century is 4 CDs)<br />Don't fool around with this package -- get Century. Century also supplants &quot;Original Musiquarium&quot;, which also had the full-length versions but is missing many tracks included on Century.
B00006690G|1.0|I love Eminem's song, &quot;I'm Lovin' It&quot;, as heard on the McDonald's commercials.  Why isn't it on this CD, Em?  I was looking forward to hearing you incorporate some optimistic verses into your songs --something you've conspicuously avoided over the years.  Oh, but I can tell, brother Em, that you put those endearing raps about your kid on your albums to prove that you can be compassionate, and that you're not the hateful, disrespectful man that the media purports you to be...<br />But, come think of it, wouldn't any parent be compassionate about their child at such a young age?  What makes you so special after publicly --and proudly-- humiliating your mother, or our country in an incredibly ignorant tune on this CD?  Am I supposed to be led to believe that because you care for your child (apparently the only thing you genuinely care about, besides money), as any parent would, that you have a sincerely compassionate side to you?  Are you kidding me?  <br />You've cleverly conned me again into buying another one your albums, Mr. Mathers; &quot;I'm Lovin' It&quot; is a great song, and boldly displays your musical and lyrical ingenuity, while also professing your love for the great flavor of McDonald's food, but that 'I'm compassionate when my child's concerned, and thus I possess a compassionate side' stuff, I ain't buyin, dawg.  <br />Here's the skinny on the Em, folks, especially evidenced on &quot;The Eminem Show&quot;: He's merely two dimensional, with two --and ONLY two-- sides, both occupying 50% of his feeble mind...  One side: money; the other side: adolescent whining and hatred.  Oh, and that stuff you hear about his child?  It's an attempt to save his butt media- and fan-wise, thus maintaining cash flow, and hence, falls on the 'money' side of his dimensionality.  <br />(NOTE:  I'm not implying at all that Marshall Mathers does not love his child, because I am sure that he does dearly.  I am simply questioning his motives to include material about his child on this album.)
B00003BDXG|5.0|NBK is a parody on the tabloid medias sensationalism of violent news stories which also exposes the corruption of officials and professionals who use this same system to benefit themselves. This is probably Oliver Stones most revered work to date which was panned by the critics and public alike who saw it as nothing more than an excuse for a violent and offensive movie. It was banned and censored in many countries and Warner Brothers pulled the VHS release from many places and television stations choose to censor certain scenes.<br />NBK is a hybrid of a film. It is everything from comical, to arty, trippy, violent, stupid, pretentious, wonderful, sad, gripping, dramatic, action packed, sexual, mystical and psychological. In many ways this is because Stone choose to let the story and actors take the film where it wanted to go. In this DVD presentation you see many documentaries, makings off, deleted scenes and a directors cut with commentary which show how the film evolved from Tarantinos screenplay to a sort of roller coaster film making that strayed from conventional Hollywood production standards and often left the script because of it. Tarantino himself hates this version of his script but basically Stone just let everything ride along by itself, almost with nobody at the wheel at times. This is what gives the film that \\"out there\\" nervous edge to it. Many of cast and production crew also took drugs when making this film and sometimes just headed off into the middle of nowhere to see what they could come up with. Stone also uses every type of media available from cartoons, to video, to Super 8mm, 16mm, 35mm and black/white and color film with lots of stock footage thrown in.<br />This is Guerilla film making with a high budget. The story is in two parts and basically revolves around Mickey (Woody Harrelson) and Mallory Knox (Juliette Lewis), who meet up in their youth and decide to go on a massive killing spree across America followed by Wayne Gale (a massive performance from Robert Downey Jr.) a producer and presenter for a tabloid television hit show that focuses on mass murderers. Also trailing in their wake is the serial killer hunting psychopathic detective - Scagnetti (played by Tom Sizemore), who has written a book called \\"Scagnetti on Scagnetti\\". The first half of the film is full on crazy but you have not seen anything until the second half of the film appears which mostly takes place inside an overpopulated penitentiary run by Warden Dwight McClusky (could be Tommy Lee Jones best performance. Wonderfully overacted and he hits the right moments at all the right times) in which all hell literally breaks loose.<br />Its a mad mad mad guerilla film and the DVD extras are must to get the full effect. Wonderfully insane but many people will hate it for all of its excessiveness. Its plays more like an Acid Trip that a movie. Only Stone could do it and you should be thankful that he put the spin on Hollywood with this monster of a movie.<br />Hell-bending stuff.rformance from Robert Downey Jr.) a producer and presenter for a tabloid television hit show that focuses on mass murderers. Also trailing in their wake is the serial killer hunting psychopathic detective - Scagnetti (played by Tom Sizemore), who has written a book called \\"Scagnetti on Scagnetti\\". The first half of the film is full on crazy but you have not seen anything until the second half of the film appears which mostly takes place inside an overpopulated penitentiary run by Warden Dwight McClusky (could be Tommy Lee Jones best performance. Wonderfully overacted and he hits the right moments at all the right times) in which all hell literally breaks loose.<br />Its a mad mad mad guerilla film and the DVD extras are must to get the full effect. Wonderfully insane but many people will hate it for all of its excessiveness. Its plays more like an Acid Trip that a movie. Only Stone could do it and you should be thankful that he put the spin on Hollywood with this monster of a movie.<br />Hell-bending stuff.
B00006879E|5.0|i just picked up this cd bcuz i had heard alot about the band but only listened to one song, &quot;Harder to Breathe.&quot; i fell in love with this cd. it was awesome. I listened to the cd three or four times and i never got tired of the songs. The lyrics are awesome. i love this cd.
B00005JM0B|4.0|Arnie is back! T3 plays homage to the earlier Terminator movies in many different ways. From the opening scene where Arnie does something with a pair of sunglasses, Terminator 3 is showing us that it is going to do something new - Its going to be funny... and it is! There are moments in this film that are laugh out loud. This could be Arnies best acting to date! Here he is all Terminator but also has this deadpan way of bringing all his one-liners on que with perfect timing. How can you not laugh when he tells someone bluntly that their family has been terminated. Nearly every time Arnie opens his mouth you just got to sit there with your gob open and eyes popping out of your head. Its the TERMINATOR and he is BACK.<br />The story is not all that bad but it does have some problems namely the whole time-travel past/future references. Okay, for hardcore Terminator fans this is probably going to be a duhh??? why??? NO!!!! sort of response but for people who came to see the Terminator you get it in aces with many references to MORE FILMS. Yes, the franchise is alive and kicking. Arnie has said himself that he will be back for many more and the bending of the time-travel past/future references are just there to lay down a few rules that will allow the series to extend that much further. <br />The premise is straight forward. Judgment Day is inevitable and the Terminator has been sent back in time to save John Conner and Kate Brewster from the T-X. The T-X has the ability to control machines which gives her, yes HER, a bit more flexibility (in more ways that one *wink*) than the T-2000. Punctual action ensues and it is pretty much action, action, action all the way in from the first few minutes.<br />There are some downsides to the movie. It is missing the horror of the first and is not as violent as either the first or the second, but it does have its moments. Jonathan Mostow is no Cameroon but this is not a total dud either. If all the sequels without Cameroon are goingto be this good then no one is going to complain. It is still streaks and bounds ahead of most other big-budget action films. It does kill the series slightly though by not taking itself too seriously, which the other two did. The other thing is that we where led to believe that T3 was going to be a PREQUEL to the other Terminators set in the future, but it is just another sequel, so RISE OF THE MACHINES is not a very suitable title. If the film started where it ended then maybe it would have been a better choice of title and it is a little misleading that way.<br />All is all, without Cameroon, it is not the disaster we thought it was going to be. It shows that Arnie can still drive the series without his buddy director and Arnie is the reason why we watch this series in the first place. Also Arnie said that if T3 does well then there is a string of other movies that he wants to make but has not because of money. As far as I remember \\"Crusade\\" was one of them. Unfortunately he is doing the governator thing now for awhile so the series and everything else has been put on hold. Anyhow lets hope we see more of him and so if you want to see Arnie do the action thing again, then you know what to do. Go see the machines rise.
0553277472|4.0|Zen and the Art Of Motorcycle Maintenance is a long, tough read.  Although it may be long and difficult it is a must read for any person who condsiders himself/herself an avid reader.  Even for those who do not read on a regular basis it is a must read.  I enjoyed the book; it made me think of things out of the ordinary.  For example: Do you have definition of Quality?  You may think you do, but ponder the definition of Quality for a matter of seconds and you will immediately find out that you cannot define Quality.  If any type of philosphy interest you, this book is a must read.  The author, Robert Pirsig, is a very smart indiviual and has had a difficult past.  The book reflects his thoughts pertaining to ALL aspects of life.  I think you'll find that you either strongly agree, or strongly disagree with the author.  Even if you don't like the book, you'll be glad that you've read it.  As far as the book is concerned, it is about a cross-country motorcycle trip involving Pirsig and his son Chris.  The trip will terach you about, values, humanity, humility, family, and most of all your inner-self.  The book will lead you into the depths of your human soul.  Sometimes, the book is hard to take, but you must keep on reading because it will teach you something.  I loved this book and recommend it to all who read.
B00005K3NY|5.0|Every once in awhile I like to dip my toe into a David Cronenberg film. I have seen quite a few of them at this point, from some of his earliest stuff like &quot;Rabid&quot; to his seminal reworking of &quot;The Fly&quot; starring Jeff Goldblum and Geena Davis. One thing you will always get out of a Cronenberg film is a serious look at how technology and human beings interact. Like science fiction author J.G. Ballard, Cronenberg's viewpoint towards a synthesis of man and machine is always exceedingly grim, not to mention gory as all get out. The overarching theme in his cinematic examinations seems to be that humans simply do not know enough about the technology they develop, or if they do, their arrogance in the ultimate abilities of mankind never prevents them from charging into potentially damaging experiments. That we are just not far seeing enough to predict the outcome of using new drugs or messing around with human genetics may be a good message to take from a Cronenberg film. &quot;Scanners&quot; should fall into a &quot;Cronenberg 101&quot; class about these messages. Released in 1981, this film helped bring Cronenberg into the mainstream, as well as spawning a host of cheap sequels and a possible remake due sometime next year. Of course, this movie also provides the rabid horror fan with what is possibly the sickest gore scene in cinematic history.<br />&quot;Scanners&quot; tells the story of Cameron Vale, a man who has spent most of his life in a perpetual fog. Roaming through the streets of the city as a homeless person, Vale suffers from a plethora of voices constantly yammering away in his head. He cannot hold a job or have a regular life with this problem, so he copes the best way he can by always staying on the run. During one of his excursions in a shopping mall, Vale overhears two women casting aspersions on his grubby appearance. The comments bother Cameron, who promptly causes one of the women to collapse into convulsions merely by mentally concentrating on her. Two thugs in trench coats lurking nearby notice Vale's little performance and promptly chase him down. When our hero wakes up, he is in the company of one Doctor Paul Ruth, a laconic chap who gives Vale the lowdown on what he is and what he must do. Ruth comes across as distant and slightly sadistic, but Cameron trusts him because the doctor knows how to make the voices in his head stop and is the first person to show a real interest in him.<br />According to Ruth, Cameron is a scanner, a person with the ability to use a congenital form of telekinesis to manipulate other human beings. Ruth shows Vale that an injection of a drug called ephemerol quiets the voices in his head, which are really the voices of people around him that he picks up because he doesn't know how to use his scanning abilities. What Cameron doesn't know is that Ruth works for CONSEC, one of those evil corporations most movies seem to have nowadays, a company developing scanners as a weapon for governments and wealthy individuals. Moreover, Ruth initially fails to tell Vale about the presence of Darryl Revok, a powerful scanner who is building an army of these telekinetics, or how Revok just invaded the CONSEC building and killed six men in an attempt to discover exactly what new tricks the corporation has up its sleeve. Ruth then enlists Cameron to track down Revok and kill him. Along the way, our scanner encounters the beautiful Kim Obrist, uncovers the truth behind ephemerol and how scanners came to exist, and the true identity of Darryl Revok.<br />Stephen Lack, the actor who plays Cameron Vale, carries out his onscreen duties with all the charisma of an ironing board. Some people claim that this is exactly the way a confused homeless man should act when confronted with such an awesome series of events, but I don't buy this argument. Lack gives a whole new meaning to the term &quot;wooden&quot; and the movie suffers because of it. Fortunately, Michael Ironsides as Revok, Jennifer O'Neill as Kim Obrist, and Patrick McGoohan as the strangely aloof Doctor Ruth make up for the lead character's ham handed performance. Of these three actors, Ironsides steals the show as the unbalanced Darryl Revok. Anyone remotely familiar with this actor's work knows he often plays the lead evil guy in dozens of films, and &quot;Scanners&quot; marks one of his best turns as a baddie. Without Ironsides in the cast, this movie would not be nearly half as good as it is.<br />The most memorable elements of &quot;Scanners&quot; are both good and bad. The good is the gore, which tops most horror films on the market. The infamous exploding head scene at the beginning of the movie still makes me cringe. In fact, it ranks as one of those rare scenes in a film that actually get worse the more times you see it. The first time you watch the movie, you have no idea that this scanner's head will burst like a balloon. Subsequent viewings are worse because you know what's coming and the anticipation fills you with dread. The final showdown between Vale and Revok revolts as well. What doesn't work in &quot;Scanners&quot; centers on the sudden ability of Cameron to scan a computer system through a public telephone. I simply didn't buy this suddenly revealed ability, let alone that it would lead to the telephone booth exploding. Unfortunately, another drawback is the lack of substantive extras on the DVD. The picture quality is good, but I would have liked a commentary by Cronenberg to explain the philosophy behind the picture. Still, &quot;Scanners&quot; is a must see for horror and science fiction fans alike.ifer O'Neill as Kim Obrist, and Patrick McGoohan as the strangely aloof Doctor Ruth make up for the lead character's ham handed performance. Of these three actors, Ironsides steals the show as the unbalanced Darryl Revok. Anyone remotely familiar with this actor's work knows he often plays the lead evil guy in dozens of films, and &quot;Scanners&quot; marks one of his best turns as a baddie. Without Ironsides in the cast, this movie would not be nearly half as good as it is.<br />The most memorable elements of &quot;Scanners&quot; are both good and bad. The good is the gore, which tops most horror films on the market. The infamous exploding head scene at the beginning of the movie still makes me cringe. In fact, it ranks as one of those rare scenes in a film that actually get worse the more times you see it. The first time you watch the movie, you have no idea that this scanner's head will burst like a balloon. Subsequent viewings are worse because you know what's coming and the anticipation fills you with dread. The final showdown between Vale and Revok revolts as well. What doesn't work in &quot;Scanners&quot; centers on the sudden ability of Cameron to scan a computer system through a public telephone. I simply didn't buy this suddenly revealed ability, let alone that it would lead to the telephone booth exploding. Unfortunately, another drawback is the lack of substantive extras on the DVD. The picture quality is good, but I would have liked a commentary by Cronenberg to explain the philosophy behind the picture. Still, &quot;Scanners&quot; is a must see for horror and science fiction fans alike.
0385484518|3.0|Tuesdays With Morrie is a good book.  I enjoyed the read, it was easy and understandable.  You could read the book in a couple of hours.  Since the book is non-fiction I really don't want to say anything bad about Morrie.  Morrie was an intersting character, but he never came up with any spectacular aphorisms or thoughts.  He quoted Arden many times but other than that he never really developed any great aphorisms.  Don't get me wrong, I enjoyed the book very much but Morrie didn't seem to be the great thinker that Mitch had cracked him up to be.  I also viewed the NIGHTLINE interview with Tedd Koppel that was spoken about many times during the novel.  I learned a lot from Morrie through the interview that I didn't get out of from the book.  I recommend this book to all people, especially older people because of the discussions about death.  Morrie was an insightful person, but I don't think that he came up with anything that was very moving, nor anything that was very thought provoking.  I liked the book and I recommend it to everyone, but I guess I didn't get as much out of it as all the other readers did.
B0000AXE8I|1.0|I'd heard that this sequel wasn't as good as the original, so I went into with what I thought were sufficiently lowered expectations. I wasn't expecting anything brilliant.. just some cool special effects, a couple of neat ideas, and some brainless entertainment.<br />As it turns out, however, &quot;Matrix Reloaded&quot; doesn't even achieve that minimal level of entertainment. If you enjoy endless action sequences that look completely unreal (CGI animation) then you might like this movie, because that's basically all that it is. The characters fly around, stop bullets, jump from car to car on busy freeways, make enigmatic statements about freedom of choice, kick each other, make endless references to the Prophecy, fight some more, blow things up, more enigmatic statements, more CGI animation, more bullets, and then finally it ends..  by which time you've wasted almost 2 and a half hours of  your life, waiting for something interesting to happen.<br />There's no real story here, nothing to care about, nothing even remotely geniune or authentic; it's just a lot of noise.
1895565669|4.0|The first time I read this book, I cried.  Now, whenever I have a really tough day with my very active and very naughty 19 month old, I read this book to keep my cool.  I must admit he is not too impressed by this book though.  He prefers \\"Guess How much...\\" and the \\"Runaway Bunny\\".
B0000AXE8I|1.0|Junk. Pure junk. Absolute junk. Worthless, puerile junk. Did I mention that this film is junk? Let me reiterate, it's junk. Don't waste your money.
B00005KARK|5.0|Other films might have more fluid animation or more memorable songs, but no Disney animated film hits it on all cylinders like Dumbo. All it once you will laugh, cry, be delighted and scared, and cheer alongside the exploits of little Dumbo and his pal Timothy. This is one of the most heart-warming (and at times heart-rendering) tales ever told. A magnificent movie and a thoroughly entertaining classic, you must see Dumbo. Twice, if necessary. Bring peanuts and a box of tissues.
B00005JM02|5.0|THIS MOVIE WAS SO CUTE AND FUNNY. YOU WOULD REALLY WANT THIS MOVIE IN YOUR HOME COLLECTION. THE STORY WAS CUTE,AND IT HAS ADVENTURE.DORY WAS SO FUNNY, ALL I HAVE TO SAY IS YOU JUST HAVE TO GET IT, YOU WONT BE SORRY!
B00005JM02|1.0|I found this new Pixar movie to be very offensive. This movies should contain subjects directed to children, and not offensive jokes that only adults can understand. It is very irritating that Disney is losing its magic. Kids should be the aim of these pictures, not stupid 15 year old and older guys.
B000002UJQ|1.0|I love challenging, intense, intelligent, creative, original music. Nearly all of my favorite bands bring recommends' and fingers pointed in the direction of Radiohead.(my faves being; Tool, Neurosis, Faith No More, Godspeed You Black Emperor, Isis, Phallus Dei) Yet after all the desperate attempts to understand what people are seeing in Radiohead that I dont see, I've simply haulted my search. I cannot stand Radiohead, especially this album, I actually thought Amnesiac had a few cool songs though. <br />This is simply music to dress yourself in light blue, buy a golden book of nursery rhymes and then babysit yourself to death with.
B00008LDPU|5.0|I am going to be brief and not explain every segment in this dvd. However, you must see this in order to understand why The Matrix and Matrix Reloaded was even started. You will be surprised as usual it is humanities need for control and our beutiful way of self-destruction.<br />The animation was excellent! You learn a little about Trinity. And remember the boy who is always thanking Neo for saving his life in Matrix Reloaded- you find out why. You also find out why some programs are working for the humans while others are not. Some of the stories are little confusing so you may have to watch it again to get the gist of the movie.<br />The dvd I have has The Visions, Translator, and Extras on it. Interesting if you like learning why they created the animation they way they did.<br />If you are into the deepness behind The Matrix and not so much action then you will enjoy this dvd. If you seek action you will get some of that but you may be disappointed.<br />It is all about CHOICE.
B00009V8Z9|5.0|I did not want to buy this cd. However, i promised one of my best friend si woudl buy this cd because he is friends with gavi degraw's cousin. I am so glad i bought this cd. I fell in love with the cd! Its so great, it can be a soothing cd, in which i can nod off to on the train or it can be a cd in which you get pepped up to. Gavin degraw is now my FAVORITE artist. I highly recomend this cd. Order it, and i highly think you will like it. I cant promise it but out of 20 people who i have had listen to it, only 1 wasnt crazy about it. Both sexes like it, and people who like different types of music like it. It will be the best cd u will buy all year.
0802130208|5.0|I read this last year for a school project. We got to choose a novel of our choice, and I chose this because I had heard about how good it was. Whoever told me that wasn't lying.<br />Those who call the humor sophomoric probably missed a lot of the intelligent humor. Certainly some of the humor dealt with Igantius's bodily functions, but most of the humor had to do with Ignatius philosophy and how it dictated his interactions.<br />I also disagree with people who said that none of the characters were likable, although this is strictly a matter of opinion. I found Ignatius to be initially repugnant, but my understanding of who he was increased as I read, and by the end of the book I liked him very much. I also have a hard time believing anyone could dislike Jones.<br />I recommend this book to anyone, provided they go into it with an open mind.
B0000D14JV|5.0|i have to disagree with psychogrrl87. im 15 too and i thought that it showed the frustration of a teen daughter, AND most likly her mom too, very good. i love linsey lohan so much. the music was great. the clothes were great and the thought was put great for a generation to young and cool for the first one. i know all my friends loved it.
B000002UAX|4.0|I think this album was a great album.  Still, my fav. Beatles album is \\"Sgt Pepper\\".  My Fav. tracks on here are; \\"Glass Onion\\", \\"Dear Prudence\\", \\"Happiness is a Warm Gun\\" (I think most people misunderstand this song).  \\"Wild Honey Pie\\"; short and no real any lyrics; I still like it.  \\"Bungalow Bill\\", I love this song, it's really stupid and funny.  \\"While My Guitar Gently Weeps\\"; a great Harrison song.  \\"Piggies\\", someone wrote that this was John's song; it wasn't John's, it was George's.  I kind of like this song.  \\"Ob-La-Di,Ob-La-Da\\"; not a bad song; after a while I get tired of it.  \\"Julia\\", a nice song, about John's mother.  \\"I'm So Tired\\".  <br />\\"Birthday\\", I love this song, it's such a fun track. \\"Sexy Sadie\\", \\"Yer Blues\\", okay, John's singing about killing himself.  Crazy, but I still like it.  \\"Long, Long, Long\\", another Harrison song, not bad, I like it I think it could have been a little better.  \\"Me and My Monkey\\"; how weird can you get with a song like this?  I love it.  \\"Revolution 1\\", some people say this song was too slow, but I like it.  \\"Savory Truffle\\"; another Harrison song, it's about candy (chocolates), I think this song is cool.  \\"Revolution 9\\", okay, this is not even a song.  This was a waste of space, I didn't like it, it's annoying.  \\"Cry Baby Cry\\", I like the way John  sings this song.  Last, but not least, John's \\"Good Night\\".  Ringo did a fair job of singing this song.  It makes me sleepy everytime I hear it.
B00005JKZU|5.0|Mr. Cable needs to wake up THIS IS A MOVIE.  Two towers does a nice job of capturing the SPIRIT of the book. Well written with an excellent cast and locations. Yes there are comprimises made for the sake of time/story flow but on the this is a wonderful movie. I have enjoyed the Lord of the Rings trilogy for over 20 yrs, but some fanantics think the movie must follow the book Verbatim. Just enjoy the movie for what it is A MOVIE!
B00005V3Z4|5.0|I got a kind of different meaning out of the movie, on how life is short, it is precious. The movie made me want to go out and do things i wouldn't normally do because the film shows you how any day could be your last.It has helped me to become more confident in my endeavors. The song mad world by gary jules at the end was put into that scene perfectly. If you want a sense of thinking about death annd taking opprotunities you'd enjoy this film.
B0000C0FJB|2.0|Buyer beware! This 3-cd set has the absolute worst sound I have ever heard on a live recording. The fact that this was recorded during the 2002 tour makes it inexplicable. Geddy Lee's vocals are almost completely buried. Alex's guitar sounds like it is coming out of a 15-watt amplifier. Neil's drums are totally bass-heavy, and the crowd noise is obtrusive to the point of being a real distraction.On the other hand, the DVD's sound is excellent. I don't know what these guys were thinking when they released this cd set; they have done so much better in the past.
B0000AR8NK|4.0|The unfortunate thing with the release of every new Bowie album, is that there is always an immediate temptation to compare it to his previous work. Certainly &quot;Scary Monsters&quot; (1980) is often revered as the last great Bowie album, and his albums of the last 20 years have been sketchy if not hit and miss.<br />There have been some real fizzers - &quot;Earthling&quot; was a shocker as was &quot;Hours,&quot; while &quot;Tonight&quot; and &quot;Never Let Me Down&quot; were forgettable at best. And let's not even go near &quot;Tin Machine!&quot; However there have been some moments. &quot;Outside&quot; proved that Bowie could still pull together a great concept album, and the recent &quot;Heathen&quot; demonstrated a long overdue and terrific return to form. It was with some anticipation then, that I awaited the release of &quot;Reality.&quot;<br />Significantly, &quot;Reality&quot; is vastly different to any other Bowie album. My initial response, perhaps prematurely, was one of disappointment, however after returning for a few more plays, the album really comes into its own and becomes more accessible. A real stand out is the fantastic drummer Sterling Campbell, who played with Bowie on the BBC 2000 Special. Campbell introduces an amazing energy and has quite a unique musical style. Guitar and percussion dominate the sound, as with Scary Monsters. Familiar buddies Earl Slick (guitar), Mike Garson (piano) and Tony Visconti (producer) add an effortless and welcome familiarity. <br />There are some great songs no doubt destined to become Bowie classics - &quot;New Killer Star,&quot; &quot;Never Get Old&quot; and &quot;Looking for Water.&quot; While &quot;She'll Drive the Big Car,&quot; is sheer swinging delight! Perhaps the only dissapointment is the title track which sounds like it belongs on &quot;Hours&quot; or any Tin Machine album. But hey, overall its a great album if you can stick with it for a few plays.<br />If you liked Heathen or Bowie's work from themid - late 70's you'll probably get a lot out of &quot;Reality.&quot;
B000002UB3|4.0|A lot of people think &quot;Let it Be&quot; was The Beatles last album, it's only because it was released in 1970, after &quot;Abbey Road&quot; was released.  &quot;Let it Be&quot; was done back in 1968 I think that's the right year.  I could be wrong about the year, but I know &quot;Abbey Road&quot; was their last album.<br />Anyway, I thought this album was really good.  I really don't know what &quot;Come Together&quot; really means, it has the oddest lyrics.  &quot;Something&quot; is the most beautiful song I ever heard.  George did a fabulous job on that.  &quot;Maxwell's Silver Hammer&quot; is a catchy song as well, I like that one.  I really didn't like Ringo's song (&quot;Octopus's Garden&quot;) too much.  &quot;I Want You&quot; is a great song, a bit long, but still great.  I wish there were more lyrics to that songs instead of John repeating the same line over and over again.  &quot;Here Comes The sun&quot; another great Harrison track.  &quot;Because&quot; is a good song, they really harmonize well.  Okay, here's the down fall.  From tracks 11-17; the songs are way too short.  I love the song &quot;Polythene Pam&quot;; why wasn't this song longer?  &quot;The End&quot;; excellent drum solo and guitar, still too short.  Plus, these tracks run into each other.  I wish they could've made these tracks longer; there's nothing wrong with having a short song, but as soon as you start to get into the song; it's already on the next track.  I think that's the only thing I didn't like about this album.  Also, they could've left out the song &quot;Her Majesty&quot;; it's not even 30 seconds long, what a waste of space.  Overall, this album is well done, just a few short tracks.  For everybody, even if you're a not a Beatle fan, give it a try.  You'll love it.
B00005QK3D|5.0|I can't figure why this album gets so trashed by the community.  Though this album departs from the Keeper albums' sound, the song craftsmanship is far better.  Kiske really shines on this album, the recording is excellent, and the songs sound much more mature.  Sure, there's only one thrashing double bass drum effort, but Helloween has 10 other albums full of that sound (even when this album was first recorded they had 3 albums of continuous double bass drum pounding).  Standout songs include The Chance, Mankind, and Kids of the Century.  Great album!
B00005JLTN|1.0|I am at pains to admit that it only did not achieve the high expectations that I had of it, but that it was a complete and utter failure! The acting was lame, the script was moronic and farfetched as well as containing many superfluous scenes, the fighting scenes were redundant, lacking in innovation and intelligence, there were entirely too<BR>many vague and (what I felt were)inane references to \\"prophecies\\" and \\"things happening for a reason\\" poppycock, the new characters lacked personality becoming wooden and banal,<BR>the special effects were unconvincing, and Zion, the buttressed haven for the last remnants of earth's ailing humanity was mostly just an elaborate cave with nothing in it but a mass of unwashed, half clothed, sweaty savages. Disappointingly they didn't go into any history of Zion and how these people survived daily in the world of dominating sentient machines. The movie completely lacked content or substance and only relied on superhuman feats of physical prowess,videogame demo-like fight scenes, unbelievable car chases, and stunning explosions<BR> to attempt to seduce the mindless viewer into capitulating nearly 3 hours of their precious lives in exchange<BR> for 3 hours of pure cinematic excrement. They should never have insulted the original Matrix masterpiece with this inferior pile of quintessential garbage!
B00006ALGL|5.0|I highly recommend this amazing piece of artistry to anyone who has an appreciation for really great alternative music.  The lyrics are outstanding, Damien Rice is in top form and his back up vocalist Lisa Harrington has a hauntingly beautiful voice.  The guitar work in the song Cannonball is incomparable.  Add this disc to your collection now.
B000006NPY|5.0|i didnt like this cd at first because i was still listening to standard rock like pearl jam, korn stuff, but i finally woke up one day and heard this album for what it really is...a masterpiece.<BR>     the songs are all perfect, starting out with, To Sheila, then going to the radio songs Ava Adore and Perfect, which sounds like similar to 1979, and the video is the sequal to it. <BR>then comes Daphne Desends and Once Upon a Time, 2 other songs i think could of been on the radio. Daphne Desends is a synth-heavy gothic sounding sound, while Once Upon a Time is more of the Pumpkins poppy style song like you would of heard on MCATIS. Next comes Tear, the first Pumpkins song I have ever heard, and one of my all time favorite songs. Then Crestfallen, my favorite song on that cd. it is the most beautiflu song Billy Corgan has ever written. After that, Appels and Oranjes, which sounds to me like a Cure song. i think that would of made a good radio song also, but what do i know. Pug, the coolest sounding song the Pumpkins ever wrote is followed by The Tale of Dusty and Pistol Pete, a song that easily could of made it on to MCATIS. Annie-Dog is a good song to play with a band, if your into that sort of thing. Shame, the song Billy wrote to the late INXS singer, is also a personal favorite, with its wobbly sound. Behold! the Night Mare is the weirdest song on the cd, but also one of my favorite. For Martha is the most personal song Billy Corgan ever wrote, written about his late mother, and Blank Page is a great piano song with good lyrics. 17 is the last song, which is just 17 seconds of the b-side Blissed and Gone.
B0000542D2|4.0|The first time I saw this movie; I didn't like it.  So watched it again, then I started to like it, I watched it again.  I love this movie.  You might have to watch it a few times to understand it, and to get some of the jokes.  <br />I like the DVD version, only because it is more clear than the VHS.  For example, it took me the longest time to figure out what George was eating on the train; it was a bagle.  I couldn't tell on the VHS.  I also have the soundtrack to this movie (which is great).  I can't figure out why the songs of the movie are different from the album.  For example; &quot;I'm Happy Just to Dance with You: , and &quot;And I Love Her&quot; sound slower than the album.  I don't know why.  Anyway, this is good, unfortunatlly, this movie has no plot at all.  It's mainly about the Beatles being themself.  But Paul has he's &quot;clean old man&quot; (grandfather) to look after.  He seems to make everybody but himself, be responsible for looking after his grandfather; while he's off doing other things.  I love John in the movie, he's such a smart-a**.  One thing I caught on the DVD that I couldn't see too well on VHS, was what John wrote as a hobby.  He wrote, &quot;t*ts&quot;; I thought that was funny; I'm sure he wasn't lying about that.  Paul, really doesn't have any funny lines in this movie nor the movie &quot;Help&quot;.  I do, however, like when the reporters asked; &quot;Do you offend see your father?&quot;; and Paul said; &quot;No, actually we're just good friends.&quot;  I also loved when Ringo place his coat down for the woman to walk over; and she fell down a pit.  George was funny also, did anyone catch him staring at one of the girls' chest?  It was on the part when he said; &quot;Your grandfather stirred him up...&quot;  <br />I didn't care too much for the bonus items.  Some of them were interesting, but I wish they had more of The Beatles, doing interviews or outtakes or soemthing.  Overall, this movie is good, if watch it for the first time, prepare to rewind it and play it again.  It's gets better when you watch it a few times; sometimes you can catch things you ddin't see before the first few times.
0783230710|4.0|To infinity, and beyond! No wait, wrong movie...<br />Apollo 13 was pretty popular when it came out, as I understand it, but I wasn't in to a lot of movies when I was young, so it wasn't until recently that we got to view this newly-born classic on the small screen. And considering that computer and graphics effects haven't really taken off until quite recently, this film is still a spectacular cinematic accomplishment. Directed by Ron Howard (whom we all can't help but think of as little Opie Taylor), it's excellent historical...well, I can't really say fiction because it's reenactments of the real events. All the actual persons about whom this movie tells have stated that the facts are nearly 100% accurate.<br />PLOT: Three astronauts: Jim Lovell (Tom Hanks), Jack Swigert (Kevin Bacon), and Fred Haise (Bill Paxton) are taking part in a second visit to the moon, but must struggle for survival when they experience a dangerous accident. <br />GOOD: Of course, it's on the good side that Apollo 13 was real, and took place not that long ago. Jim Lovell among others gives this film excellent ratings, because of the accuracy of the story. It is a griping story of survival and the American spirit of endurance and courage, and one that has particular significance given the even more recent events surrounding the crew of space shuttle Columbia, and its tragic story. The drama, suspense, and thrill of watching this story unfold on the screen is a really awesome experience. The fact that it really happened adds a lot to the story. The music is simply spectacular, and the goodies included with the DVD are pretty good, compared to some of the earlier movies that were released on DVD. And take note: On the main menu for the DVD? If you simply keep it on the main menu, the film's ENTIRE FILM SCORE will play through. And this music is really something to listen to, just by itself.<br />BAD: There is a bucket-load of swear words included in the film. Though if one rated swear words,we don't have any R-rated words, just the D-word (a lot) and the H-word (a lot). I don't think too many children are going to be frightened by this film, but you would know the best. There are some scary elements, but it's the real world we're talking here, so we aren't going to see monsters or scary apparitions like that. And of course, these days a movie doesn't fly without some sort of sexual content, but thankfully, Apollo 13 keeps it to a minimum. In an opening scene, Tom Hanks' Jim Lovell has a gathering at his house to watch the moon landing, and one scoundrel of an astronaut is shown describing to his girlfriend the excitement of guiding a probe into its destination, and how satisfying it is. (Using a beer bottle and glass to show her; He's referring to the shuttle maneuver, but the innuendo is quite present) The same guy is later seen coming out of the shower to answer the phone, leaving the girl he was playing around with back in the shower. Another scene shows Mrs. Lovell in the shower and accidentally dropping her wedding ring down the drain. One might say that this scene contains brief partial nudity, but it's debatable. <br />THOUGHTS: All the bad elements aside, this movie is a great watch. Family members of all ages will most likely enjoy not only the action, but will get a history lesson out of it as well. As previously stated, the music is wonderful, the acting is great, and the visual effects are fantastic. Apart from the few bad elements (which I only highlight because you have the right to know), I really do enjoy this movie, and I think you will as well.<br />8 out of 10 stars.
B00005K3LU|5.0|The Bruce Willis character is obviously someone who will lay his life on the line when push comes to shove. I wish our current president had taken a page from the John McLane handbook instead of going AWOL from the National Guard (of all the places that you can go AWOL from that has to be the lamest). What if instead taking out the terrorists, McLane had decided to let them escape and then formed a task force to 'go after' them using taxpayer money? What if he had never found the head honcho terrorist but instead decided that there were other terrorists who weren't as tough or cunning to fight and had a lot of natural resources which coincidentally McLane's family business was capable of making use of? <br />All of these Democrats served in the military: Al Gore, Tom Daschle, John Kerry, Wes Clark, Gray Davis, David Bonior (one of the Baghdad Boys), and Max Cleland served in Vietnam. Ted Kennedy, Walter Mondale and Chuck Rangel served in Korea. Jimmy Carter ('No president of the United States in the twentieth century served more time in the military than Carter' - John Eisenhower), John Glenn and George McGovern served in WW II.<br />All of these Republicans dodged the draft: George W Bush, Dick 'I had other priorities during Vietnam' Cheney, Tom 'the minorities took all the good positions in the army so I had to be a Bugman during 'Nam (by the way I'm Not French)' DeLay, Rudy Giuliani, Dennis Hastert, Trent Lott, Bill Frist, John Ashcroft, Jeb Bush, Karl Rove, Newt Gingrich, Ronal Reagan, Saxby Chambliss, George Will, Bill O'Reilly, Rush Limbaugh, Bill Bennett, Michael Savage, Antonin Scalia, Clarence Thomas, Ralph Reed and Ted Nugent.<br />What political outfit do you think John McLane would have voted for?
B00005ATZT|5.0|The movie picks up as it goes. With tons of running and such, it doesn't slow down.<br />Basically Harrison Ford is running from the law. I remember seeing it a little while ago on tv, where at the end I was on edge. The problem is that you need the great sound and picture to make it truly great.<br />Anyways, when I first saw it many years ago, I liked it. But then I realized how cool it was when I saw some of it on tv. <BR>The movie is really good though. Harrison Ford plays a great guy, but hes on the run. I never really hated any of the characters until the end. Still, the movie is highly entertaining.<br />His bus tips over, and he runs. He gets chased around sewers, streets, and sidewalks. Eventually, the ending comes. Once the ending came I really wanted it to keep going but, the movie is one of those things that I can't do justice with in words. Go see it. Action and Suspense, BOoyAka!
0767836251|5.0|This is a good movie that anyone could watch. so unlike what Chris Kibber said, &quot;This is clearly made for teens who really, really, really, wish they were cool. Here's a hint: if you are watching [stuff] like this you are not cool. The cool people are out doing stuff while you sit in front of your TV watching Dawson's Creek and wondering why you are getting heavier.&quot;<BR>I mean who is he to say what is or what isnt cool. if he thought the movie was bad then why is he wasting his time writing here. so dont believe his review.The movie is about Katherine who is unconfident in herself and finds enjoyment in other peoples pain and her step brother Sebastian who has a repuation of sleeping with numerous girls; they make a bet that if Sebastian sleeps with Annette (the virgin)that he can have Katherine but if he loses then Katherine gets his car. Then comes innocent Cecile where she is played the fool but then gets her reward. by the end of the movie...well you go see it and you'll know the ending. lol hope i helped you and you are all COOL!
B0000C7PQK|5.0|I feel sorry for those who gave this album less than 3 stars in their reviews.  They've lost sight of what the true purpose of Enigma is--Enigma was created to make us think and react.  I admit, hearing this album the first time, I was a bit suspicious of what I heard; it didn't sound like Enigma too much, but I had to remember that Enigma never sounds the same twice, for their formula changes with each album.<br />That said, I believe this CD is worthy of five stars. Cretu did a good job with this album, and his trend toward perfection shows up wonderfully well in all the tracks.  The tracks are well-balanced, the music is melodic and the lyrics will make you think, same as any other Enigma album.  Cretu seems to focus more on lyrics-driven work this time around, but that shouldn't be unusual considering the balance is about the same for his other albums and songs--Return to Innocence, Dream of the Dolphin, Screen Behind the Mirror, etc.  <br />To the casual listener this album may seem a bit unusual--but if that's the case I suggest listening to the first four before taking this one on!  To those who have listened to the first four, I strongly recommend this as an indication of the natural progression of Cretu and Enigma... I'm eagerly awaiting Enigma 6!<br />(By the way--Incognito (Track 3) is very interesting... listen to see if you can hear some old stuff being used in a new way)
B00004RFFS|5.0|This is undoubtedly the best vampire film in existence.  The characters are cast perfectly and the acting is projected beautifully.  When watching this film you don't view them as being killers.  You will find yourself falling in love with the characters and developing a sense of sympathy and passion for them.  <br />   The story is amazing and follows through with the novel by Anne Rice.  I tells the story of Louis who is tormented in life from the death of his wife and child.  He is then tormented in his immortal life because his mortal soul never really leaves him.  Brad Pitt, Tom Cruise, Kirsten Dunst, and Antonio Banderas make up the powerful cast to this film that no other film about vampires will ever live up to.   <BR> <BR>   I absolutely loved this movie.  I love it even more every time I watch it.  This is by no means a horror film.  It is too beautiful to be included in this genre.  If you have not seen this movie yet you are missing out on one of the best films ever created.  I highly recommend seeing this film.  You will not regret it.
B00000D9TQ|5.0|I am an 18 yr old college student.  This collection has the best of Phil Collins from the 1980's.  I used to listen to all these songs in the car as a little child.  The &quot;Hits&quot; Album is the best album to buy because it doesn't have all the clutter of the other songs we never knew as children (or at least wouldn't remember.)  Pay the 10 or 11 dollars (it is also available at Walmart.)  Yay '80's children.
B000084T18|3.0|I'm reading these negative reviews and all of them are so disrespectful. IT'S CALLED ENTERTAINMENT PEOPLE!!!!!!! There is no need to make cruel jokes about dying or whatever. I read ignorant people's reviews saying &quot;Please shoot him again&quot; or &quot;This is garbage, rap is garbage, Metal rules!&quot; or &quot;Pop sucks, 50 Cent sux!&quot;. Now, I must say the following three things if you&quot;re gonna review this album or any other:<br />1. If you don't like Rap Music AT ALL, THEN DON'T REVIEW ANY RAP CDS(if you like Rock Music, Country or whatever THEN REVIEW THOSE ALBUMS OR DVDS)<br />2. It seems like people have forgotten what POP MUSIC is, its short for POP-pular Music. If you don't like whats POPULARE then don't go complaining about it.<br />3. If you&quot;re any kind of Rap Fan and don't like this album, HAVE A GOOD EXPLONATION ON WHY YOU DON'T LIKE THIS( not because he's been hyped or he should be shot up again).<br />Now that I've got that off my chest, I shall review this album. I must say I believed the hype of 50 Cent. I have witnessed rapper been hyped an have made it to greatness. The most popular of them all has been Snoop Dogg. He started off as Dr. Dre's(who was already established at the time) new guy. He put him all over his album and gave him a guest spot on the 'Deep Cover' soundtrack. There was also a small preview inside The Chronic album package. Soon, Snoop's debut LP, &quot;Doggystyle&quot; went on as the fastest selling Rap LP of all time, also topping Pearl Jams classic, &quot;VS&quot;.<br />So I wasn't worried about 50 Cent, he was hyped in the same way. He was backed up by not only Dr. Dre, a guy who brought us Ice Cube, Easy-E(R.I.P.),The D.O.C., Snoop Dogg, Xzibit and Eminem but also Eminem a guy who already established himself as one of the all-tioe greats.Not to mention, I had heard about him before from Jam Master Jay(R.I.P.) another legend in the Rap Game.<br />As for the album, I think it's great. But I don't think it'sa classic like &quot;Rasing Hell&quot;, &quot;Staight Outta Compton&quot;, &quot;Amaricaz Most Wanted&quot;, &quot;The Chronic&quot;, &quot;Doggystyle&quot;, &quot;Illmatic&quot;,&quot;All Eyez On Me&quot;, &quot;Life After Death&quot; or &quot;The Blueprint&quot;(WHEW!), but I think it's tight. I do believe that 50 may be able to bring us a classic LP where he gives his all, not worrying about whether or not the teenage kids, gangstas, Radio DJ's, or Mtv or BET will appeal to it, but whether or not TRUE Hip-Hop fans and critics will respect it. He can talk about death, money, power, respect, bling, philosophy(since he tries to be like 2Pac most of the time) etc. If 50 wants to be loved the same way 2Pac was, then that's what he should do next time around, talking over and over about being a P.I.M.P. or teaching us how to stunt or being in da club isn't gonna get him at 2Pac or Biggie status.<br />Overall, pretty tight album. Lived up to the hype but he's far from his actual potential to be a great lyricist. I really hope 50 sheds a brighter light on his next album and not worry about his Pop status and just give us Curtis Jackson, the same way 2Pac gave us Tupac Shakur on Me Against The World or become powerful like on The 7 Day Theroy. This 26 yeatr old still has potential to be a legend, hope he shows all his critics.
0380789019|4.0|I loved reading this book in Junior English in High School. At first I was confused with some stange notion that it was a book about mice in underground tunnels in London, but after the first few chapters I figured out that was not the plot. I really enjoyed this book with all of its twists and turns and its very suprising ending.
B00004SCX6|1.0|Ooops... I did it Again is the perfect name for this album. I can completely agree with that feeling- making this CD was definetely an Ooops.<BR> I hated this CD because<br />1. It's bubblegummy pop, sweet like candy music.<BR>2. It's a repeat of the songs from Baby on More Time.<BR>3. She has no vocal talent.<BR>4. She has no lyrical talent either, she has a songwriter.<br />So, what did we learn from this?<BR> That Britney is a tall, blonde, dummy with no imagination, or, that we should all respect each other's opinions (including mine). You decide for yourself.
B000002LFU|5.0|I read somewhere that Michael Stipe at one time refused to use personal pronouns in his lyrics; no \\"I\\" or \\"me,\\" no \\"you,\\" none of that. Well, he damn sure changed his mind, especially on this release. In so doing, he taught us all a lesson about powerful songwriting, but he didn't necessarily do himself any favors.<br />See, there are two kinds of songs on \\"Green,\\" straight ahead pop songs and more artsy sorts of offerings. The boundaries between the two get real slim (this being R.E.M.), but they're there. And it's on the \\"stupid pop tunes,\\" as the band members called them (Pop Song 89, Get Up, Stand) that those personal pronouns work. The songs have definite beats and drum lines, short phrases and simple lyrics. They say things like \\"I think I can remember your name,\\" \\"Your head is there to move you around,\\" \\"I believe in what you do,\\" lyrics that carry an interesting load of meaning but don't give the musicians too much time to indulge themselves. Rock music is, after all, at its best when it's got a good beat and you can dance to it.<br />Other songs drift. You can't just count \\"1-2-3-4\\" and end up on the same beat you started with. Cuts like \\"The Wrong Child\\" and \\"Hairshirt\\" require several listenings before you can really get what these guys are up to.<br />Which wouldn't be so bad - in fact, some of these tunes are among the most beautiful R.E.M. ever laid down - except that on many of these cuts, Michael Stipe turns completely inward and sings exclusively about himself, like the State of Michael Stipe was of overwhelming interest to you and me. \\"I've a rich understanding of my finest defenses,\\" \\"I'll try to sing a happy song,\\" \\"I am not the type of dog that could keep you waiting for no good reason\\"; notice how long those lines are? There's no rhythm to them, and not much rhythm to the songs they come from, either.<br />My point is that, if a band is going to play that kind of music, it turns out to be a bad idea to give it self-involved lyrics. Apparently, we need something more interesting than one man's mental state to hold onto if we are not to have rhythm, structure, and melody. Stipe is one of the most interesting stars that rock music has ever produced, but even he can't sustain that kind of self-indulgence for this long.<br />So, you may ask, why the heck am I giving this record five stars? Let me put it this way; a few years after this, R.E.M. released some soundcheck video that showed Michael Stipe watching the other three play a few tunes to set volume levels. When it was done, he got on the microphone and said \\"You guys are great; if I was a fan I'd really like what I was hearing.\\" Then he chuckled a little and said \\"I might have a little trouble with me, but I'd really like you three.\\" As that comment suggests, this record works because Michael Stipe is cautious about his artiest tendencies; he instinctively knows when to shut up, even if he doesn't always do so.<br />And, even when he climbs too far up his own rear, he's got the other three to yank him out. He's got Peter Buck with his usual mastery of everything from grunge to fingerpicking, plus some mandolin experiments this time. He's got Mike Mills leading everyone with his bass lines and filling in the holes with some really interesting keyboards. He has Bill Berry providing exactly the right drum part for each moment through some combination of experience and inspiration. He's got Mills and Berry inventing backing vocals that he has to work to keep up with. Yeah, Michael Stipe's got all the support he could ever need, and several times it laps him.<br />That's why the five stars; not just for the great music, but for what it means. And what it meant. \\"Green\\" came out just at the start of George Bush Senior's administration and tackled themes like the need for peace, courage, love of nature, generosity. None of these were easy to come by at the start of yet another right-wing presidency, especially for young leftists like these guys. And on top of that, \\"Green\\" was R.E.M.'s first major label release, doubling the pressure. So Michael Stipe got a lot of press attention for his various antics on and offstage. Lesser men might have jumped right off the ego mountain at a time like this and taken their whole band down with them. Not this bunch.<br />Benshlomo says, For God's sake get some partners; you're not as independent as you think.that, \\"Green\\" was R.E.M.'s first major label release, doubling the pressure. So Michael Stipe got a lot of press attention for his various antics on and offstage. Lesser men might have jumped right off the ego mountain at a time like this and taken their whole band down with them. Not this bunch.<br />Benshlomo says, For God's sake get some partners; you're not as independent as you think.
B00008LOS1|5.0|There were a lot of shows taped at the Old Vic, which are divided between &quot;Lifehouse&quot; and this SE. <br />Also, with more people getting Surround, I think that the rerelease should have been geared more towards a DVD-A release. I'm sure &quot;Quadrophenia&quot; will wind up being the one released that way, but this would and should be released that way, instead of yet another remaster with some more bonus songs than were on the last remaster with bonus songs.
0064471837|5.0|Sabriel is an excelent book. It is a hard to put down page-turner.<br />Sabriel is the first in a trilogy of books about Necromancy and Free Magic. The plot is well developed, and the charaters are personable. I highly recommed this book if you like the fantasy genre.
B00005OM4N|1.0|Britney is one of the worst vocalists I have ever heard (Vanessa Carlton is right up there with her, though). She repeats her songs from &quot;Baby one More Time&quot; and &quot;Oops, I did It Again&quot; on this CD, changes the title, screeches &quot;AWWWW&quot; a couple more times, and, boom, a hit single.<BR> This CD over all sucks, big time. If you are a fan of people who sound like they are being run over by a Subway downtown, you might actually like it.
0792841433|2.0|Bernard Hermman's score is magnificent.  This was a major let down for me considering it was directed by Truffaut.  Lacked any real suspense and edge.  Boring camera work for the most part.  Some nice editing touches here and there but overall pretty lackluster.  The acting was fine...I guess.  It was just a pointless story I felt that really didn't go anywhere.  And what was with that crummy ending?
B0000C7PRY|5.0|I just received the new Neal Morse twin CD set called &quot;Testimony&quot;.  If you're a fan of old school Kansas (1976-78) you'll love this disc.  (Kansas founder and guitarist Kerry Livgren plays on one of the tracks)<br />A phenominal rock opera by Neal Morse.  In my opinion a must have.
B00009V7T2|5.0|In short, this album is absolutely breathtaking. Thank god for bands so willing to push the envelope the way Mars Volta so daringly do. I would recommend this album to anyone interested in bands like Radiohead, My Morning Jacket and (of course) At the Drive in. For many, this album will take more than one listen before getting a grasp on it, but that really is the beauty of it. With every listen you are taken a bit further into the world of the music.
B00005JLKB|5.0|I missed most of the first season of Smallville unfortunately.  Now, I got the chance to watch what I missed in the beginning of Smallville. I can say it was well worth it!
B000000JO3|4.0|There should be no doubt about it, this band is classic. This band was one of the starters of hardcore, and Ian Mackaye is to hardcore/punk what Kurt Cobain is to grunge. The first 8 songs or so on this cd are definately their best material. They have influenced so many bands that its not funny. &quot;Straight edge&quot; is the anthem of the movement, and rightly so because its a great song. This cd is fun, get it.
B00005JLWN|5.0|Love this movie. It's wonderful. A broad science fiction thriller in a classic vein, Equilibrium takes a respectable stab at a Fahrenheit 451-like cautionary fable. The story finds Earth's post-World War III humankind in a state of severe emotional repression: If no one feels anything, no one will be inspired by dark passions to attack their neighbors. Writer-director Kurt Wimmer's monochromatic, Metropolis-influenced cityscape provides an excellent backdrop to the heavy-handed mission of John Preston, a top cop who busts &quot;sense offenders&quot; and crushes sentimental, sensual, and artistic relics from a bygone era. Predictably, Preston becomes intrigued by his victims and that which they die to cherish; he stops taking his mandatory, mood-flattening drug and is even aroused by a doomed prisoner. The action scenes are extrordinary. This film is so underated, it's unbelievably good. See this. This is what Sci-fi should be.
B00009V7RF|5.0|This album is great!!  Ya'll need to listen up!
B000059H99|5.0|This is one of the best movies ever, far better than the four sequels, although they are worth checking out as well.
B000002J1S|5.0|Chris, i think u need to go back to lamb and listen to it quietly and patiently again. not only r u in danger of becoming the laughing stock of serious music lovers by your superficial review,u r also depriving yourself of one of the most amazing gifts that the most talented band in the world has created for you. i myself thought there was no depth in lamb because i had expected to understand it in the same no. of listens as i take to understand other albums (both prog and non-prog). but,lamb takes time to grow on you, even after you have listened to the more accessible stuff by genesis like &quot;trick&quot; or &quot;SEBP&quot;, and comparing its grandeur to the ditties of Zappa and ELP is just ludicruous.<br />i went to your &quot;see more abt me&quot; link and u seem to have begun listening to genesis with lamb. well, go to &quot;tail&quot; or &quot;SEBP&quot; first and work your way thru the more accessible material before u can aspire to comprehend the majesty of the lamb. <br />and to the other genesis fans out there, pls take the time to counter superficial comments by casual listeners so that the ranking of this incredible sweeping masterwork does not fall. after all, it was after reading your sterling reviews that i began to listen to genesis - my heartfelt thanks to most of you who have praised the album the way it deserves to be praised. it opened the doors for a seeker like me, disgusted with most  current day pop music into realms ethereal!!!
B00003CXC7|4.0|Like the Greenwich Village courtyard view from its titular portal, Alfred Hitchcock's classic Rear Window is both confined and multileveled: both its story and visual perspective are dictated by its protagonist's imprisonment in his apartment, convalescing in a wheelchair, from which both he and the audience observe the lives of his neighbors. Cheerful voyeurism, as well as the behavior glimpsed among the various tenants, affords a droll comic atmosphere that gradually darkens when he sees clues to what may be a murder. Definately  one of Hitchcocks best, but my favorite is, and always will be Psycho. See it today.
B000089RVR|5.0|I love this album much more than I loved No Angel.  I am constantly listening to it, and the best part is that I can listen to it while my conservative parents and young kids are around.  I highly suggest this album for the cd player and have boughten it for all of my friend's birthday gifts.
B00005JKZV|3.0|After thoroughly enjoying Fellowship, I was excited to read the rave reviews here that suggested this installment to be even better than its older sibling. I read review after review of Two Towers with people saying this was the best film ever. Seriously?<br />I loved the eponymous books, despite not being much into the fantasy genre in general (exceptions: T. Pratchett, D. Adams), so the liberties with the original story were already something that I was not terribly happy about. But even aside from that, this sequel just does not cut it in terms of excitement.<br />If it weren't for the climactic \\"Helms Deep\\" battle, it could perhaps have been the worst excuse for a 3 hour long film since the first 2 hours of Titanic. Come to think of it, even this grand finale epic battle is interrupted by the character which epitomizes the slowness of the rest of the film, Treebeard. The romance, or attempted romance, between Viggo Mortenson and Liv Tyler is so irksome + pointless I wonder if it is included because Liv complained about getting a short shrift in screen time. There certainly wasn't any need for her character in this film because their romance is distinctly uncaptivating.<br />Golum etc are all created pretty well, and deserved the Oscar for effects, but it was hardly surprising to see this film skipped from all other major categories.<br />I sincerely hope \\"Return Of the King\\" will be a return of the LOTR as we all hope to see it!
B000007MVM|5.0|It's been decades since I first listened to Syd Barrett's &quot;The Mapcap Laughs&quot;. During this time I assumed I lost the cassette copy I had taped from a friend's record album over 20 years ago; but to my delight I found it this morning, and gave it a listen.<BR>  No, the production for the most part is not to the same level as Pink Floyd releases, but if this is the criterion one is using to judge &quot;The Madcap Laughs, &quot; one is certainly missing the point. <BR>  Remember that at this stage of Barrett's career, he had been let go from The Pink Floyd due to a mental breakdown, and was having a rough time of it. Many of the tracks on this album were recorded with drums, bass, and keyboards being added later.<BR>   In my opinion, what shines through the sometimes rough production quality, vocal slip ups, and other mistakes of &quot;Madcap&quot; is pure creative genius. The songwriting is top notch, and one can hear from this release how much Barrett's influence shaped early Pink Floyd material.  Pink Floyd certainly went on to make good music after Barrett, but to my ears it lacks the sophistication, charm and emotional intensity of the early recordings, when Syd led the band.<BR>  The track that really stands out for me on Madcap, is &quot;Golden Hair.&quot; It is structurally very simple yet as powerful, haunting and beautiful as anything The Floyd has ever recorded. It seems an effort was made to get this one right. With the help of old band mates including Richard Wright on organ, the listener gets a glimpse of sparkling genius  behind the mask of mental illness, and the potential of what might have been had Barrett not suffered his breakdown and inability to cope.<BR>  &quot;Madcap Laughs,&quot; as well as his other solo release, &quot;Barrett&quot; in this sense, are a deeply tragic farewell to the world. In my view this is the criterion on which &quot;The Madcap Laughs&quot; is to be judged. <BR>  This is a definite must have.
B000001GQJ|5.0|A long time ago, I found myself wondering through a book/music store. They happened to have a quite small, but quite good music selection. I was browsing, looking for something to buy, since I hadn't spent a dime on a recording in sometime. Among the titles I was considering were Richter's Sofia recital, Ashkenazy's reading of the complete Prokofiev concertos, and even Serkin playing a few Beethoven sonatas. I would later find out that any of these recordings would have provided a feast of riches. But alone they couldn't have prepared me for what I was about to be in for. I decided, finally, to go with the Martha Argerich 'Debut Recital'. You see, I had heard alot about Martha Argerich, but didn't own a single recording of her at that time. I figured it was about time to see what all the fuss was about. Words couldn't describe what I experienced that night...Sure, since then I have heard alot of great recordings. The Barcarolle on this disc was soon rivaled by Rubinstein. The sonata...By Zimerman, or Horowitz...The Hungarian rhapsody, well, Cziffra practically owns those...But despite all those others, there is still a special place in my heart for these recordings. I have never heard such brilliant playing, even today. Absolutely Phenomenal, Impassioned playing. The scherzo, the Toccata, an absolute emberesment of riches. If I could own one recording, this would be it. Buy this CD. Hopefully it will do for you what it did for me.
B000060MMI|1.0|Well, this sucked I must say. There was no.... emotion. No depth. Far better records have been released than this.<br />Now, let's look for something with passion, with spirit, an independent flame in the music industry. Let's look for:<br />The Tweenies Greatest Hits.<br />Now THAT'S classy music.
B00007G207|5.0|What a spellbinding piece of film making! For this magnum opus alone, Tornatore deserves a place in the Top 10 movie-makers of all time!<br />The much talked about &quot;New version&quot; or &quot;Director's Cut&quot; is a pretty long movie, about an hour longer than the 1989 original I believe -- and thus the one I recommend. But I was glued to the screen for every single moment, engulfed in that one long slice of life not unlike yours and mine. For me that is what it is: a captivating retrospective of an ordinary life with such enormous simplicity that is quite difficult for some people to believe how breathtaking it can be.<br />Every conceivable ingredient of the film -- the riveting piano score, the stunning visuals of small-town Italy replete with its mammoth town square and adorable blue-ocean vistas, the camaraderie of the characters, the two-stories-in-one (almost) theme, the quintessential romance between the two protagonists of a love unrequited but doused in that longing maturity, the eternal wisdom in the words of Alfredo or Toto's mother, the loose-ends that the movie throws all along but remembers to tie it all up in the end...<br />...I could continue waxing eloquent, but any word said eulogizing this film seems to take away from the sheer personal experience that it represents. I really do not know how to explain this to someone who has not &quot;experienced&quot; the film.<br />It is by far the number that occupies the Numero Uno spot in my list of all-time favorites, something I bet I'll relish EVERY TIME I watch it, and I definitely have been moved into watching it more than once. I suspect the film's power will do the same to anyone.<br />Required Viewing.
B000050IE6|5.0|Opeth, el ms grande del death metal sueco, llega una vez ms para deleitar nustros odos. El grupo que parti como uno ms de la camada de los grupos suecos a mediados de los 90' y que, con el pasar del tiempo, fue mostrando su vituocidad y nico estilo de msica (una especie de Death, black, progresivo, gtico, depresivo, acstico) que es realmente genial. <BR>Still Life. Simplemente el punto ms alto en la carrera de Opeth. Abundante en pregresiones y virtuocidades, junto a mucho poder, demasiada caa y un toque acstico; el cual comienza con la pica, clsica y mstica &quot;The Moor&quot; (con ms de 11 minutos de duracin) en la cual se mezclan magistralmente los sonidos acsticos y limpios con el Death y lo gutural. <BR>Le sigue &quot;Godhead's Lament&quot; que sigue una puesta similar a la cancin anterior, con poderosos riffs, mezclados a coros acsticos y una duracin de casi 10 minutos. <BR>Luego aparece un claro entre la oscuridad: la otoal y acstica &quot;Benighted&quot;, tema ms corto del album (5 minutos) que presenta una una gran atmsfera depresiva. <BR>El cuarto tema de este grandioso trabajo es &quot;Moonlapse Vertigo&quot;. Tema que sigue con la misma propuesta inicial del album (nuevamente 9 minutos de duracin) voces guturales combinadas con virtuocidades acsticas, gran cantidad de progresiones y cambios de ritmo al ms puro estilo Opeth. <BR>Le sigue la migistral &quot;Face Of Melinda&quot;, (cancin que narra sobre &quot;Melinda&quot; -personaje de novelas epicas-). Tema nico, e increible, que comienza acstica y tranquilamente para luego girar hacia una atmosfera depresiva, la cual se combina con la voz limpia de Akerfeldt, logrando as uno de los mejores temas, a mi juicio, de Opeth. <BR>Prosigue &quot;Serenity Painted Death&quot;, otro batazo ms al puro estilo clsico de Opeth, alrededor de nueve minutos de pura agresin y potencia, con sus respectivas progresiones. <BR>Cerrando as con &quot;White Cluster&quot; (otro temazo de 10 minutos). Que parte muy poderoso y lentamente va tomando un toque atmosferico, muy oscuro y potente, donde se puede apreciar la voz desgarradora de Akerfeldt y tambin las bellsimas progresiones y notable percusion de Lopez, que hipnotiza con sus contratiempos y cambios de ritmo. <BR>Qu puedo comcluir? 62 minutos de excelencia pura, el mejor trabajo de Opeth, que supera notablemente a sus anteriores trabajos, sin desmerecerlos en lo absoluto, y marca la pauta para los proximos. Adems denota la diferencia entre Opeth y el resto de las bandas suecas y del mundo. Seores, se ha creado un nuevo estilo de Metal.
1556589433|4.0|I've seen Sophie's Choice many times and it's probably Meryl Streep's best performance.  She speaks English with a Polish accent, Polish, and German portraying a Holocaust survivor, a fictional character, but based on fact.  The best aspect is the realism and emotional intensity of the flashbacks.  So real that when the daughter is taken away the 5-year-old actress thought she was really about to die.<br />  The weaker aspect is Stingo's story.  William Styron is the author who injects himself into the story, which is something of a flaw.  It's always about, \\"what does Stingo think about things, what's happening in Stingo's world\\", and hence ends up watering down Sophie's harrowing story.  We get some comic relief with him and a girl who \\"could say f***, but she could not do it.\\"  Very well, but what does it have to do with the main story?  Nothing.  And the poetry recitations at key moments detract from the story by oversentimentalizing.<br />  Kevin Kline is good, but too over-the-top, and the explanation for his behavior, that he's schizophrenic, doesn't add up.  It's explained that he was diagnosed at 10, but could the problem have been an arbitrary diagnosis (which leads his life down the road of institutionalization) rather than an actual disease.  I didn't read the book, so I'm not sure how it's dealt with there, but it seems that the whole character is completely dismissed with that diagnosis.  So his obsession with escaped Nazis doesn't matter because it's simply that, an obsession.  I'm glad Simon Wiesenthal wasn't dismissed this way.<br />  But aside from these weaknesses I loved the film overall, and Streep was completely into the role of Sophie.  You tend to get overcritical with the sidetracks when you see it a few times.
B0000BYM3K|4.0|Let me say that Im a true Maiden fan ..I have seen them twice in The 80's. I even got to meet Steve Harris. (He hung around the backstage area and was very cool to everyone).I hate those that have been saying this albums sucks....trust me ,if you liked Brave New World you will like this cd.  Maybe the fact that i'm 36 years old and a big metal fan makes me want to like this cd?  But,  I do.  This is a very good cd and Bruce sounds great.  OK they have three guitar players.....get over it...DUH!  Trust me this is the first cd that I bought in 6 months and it was well worth it.
0321200683|5.0|I am working in the integration team of a big organization in Israel and we are setting up a very large scale and complex , Service Oriented, EAI project which focuses on routing and security of messages between a huge variety of systems on lots of protocols.<BR>I've been scouting the net for months looking for material on how to set up a good EAI project and what patterns, architecures, software and language environments are suitable for us. And I must say that no site compares to eai patterns. Most of the info you'll find on the net comes from some eai vendor and is all full of publicity stuff and biased opinions. what I love about eai patterns, is that it gives you all the information you need to set up a great and complex EAI router\mapper\anything without the need for any particular product. And it also shows you implementations with common eai and techologies. There is no other source which really defines the patterns and terminologies of EAI, in a global way without relation to any particular product like eai patterns. Over here at work we printed out the entire site on the mainframe printer and we use it as our guide. But now we could just get the book and have it in a much more compact manner. The only problem here is that stuff like EAI patterns and technologies get updated so fast that there is no chance the book will cover everything you need and you will probably have to look up for more on the net. But there certainly isn't a better way to get into EAI in my opinion, than buying this wonderful book. This is the EAI Bible. Great job by the authors. 5 Stars!
0780020685|4.0|I saw this Kurosawa's famous movie &quot;Seven samurai.&quot; Honestly, I thought this movie was good but not great. The story is good and entertaining, but it's little slow and sometimes I really can't hear what the actors say, especially Mihune. The acting wasn't that good. And this movie is just old now, or my expectation was too much for it.<br />If someone asks me if I enjoyed this movie, I'll say &quot;Yes.&quot; No doubt! <br />I give 3 stars to this movie and 1 extra star to the name of Kurosawa, I think it'll explain a lot about what I want to say about this and all Kurosawa's movies. Maybe, Kurosawa's name adds some power to ordinary movies.<br />I'll just rent his movies, but I won't buy them.
B000065V41|5.0|As an actor, I've appeared in over 14 productions of &quot;A Christmas Carol.&quot;  I played Scrooge himself in 10 of those productions.  I have studied the Scrooges of Patrick Stewart, George C. Scott, Alistair Sim, Seymour Hicks, and many others.  This is, by far, my favorite adaptation of the story.  I find Michael Cain's performance a bit watered down, but effective nonetheless.  Obviously, Henson takes certain liberties with the story line with the likes of Jacob and the added Robert (Bob) Marley (inside joke there), but he definitely captures the wonder and spirit of Christmas.  And when the Cratchits mourn the loss of Tiny Tim, the floodgates open for me every time.<br />I'm glad this Muppet classic has finally been released on DVD.  My VHS copy is getting a bit worn.
B00005JM0B|3.0|The terminator 3 doesn't have anything special or new surprise. This shouldn've been made. I think terminator and terminator 2 are really good and special, but this movie is just one of many ordinary movies.<br />I didn't want to see the aged-terminator! The machine shouldn't get old, but in reality it was obvious that Arnold Schwarzenegger is too old for the role. He just doesn't have the cold looking as a machine any more.<br />Please no Terminator 4!
B00008EYA5|4.0|This DVD inspired me to drop out of school and go into the Navy and eventually become a member on a SWAT team.  Colin Farrell you're the man.
630281474X|5.0|this was truly a horror of dracula movie!Chris lee was terrific not to mention sexy.Iloved the way he spoke in tha demanding and so manly voice of his........
B0000C7PQK|2.0|Cretu is missing! and some look-a-like has taken his place! This album really sounds like a counterfit. Two stars because the only good tracks are 1 and 11, sort of, ok maybe 10 too. These are the only tracks that come close to what Enigma is or was. Everything in between leaves very much to be desired. The lyrics and synth sound very ameturish. *sigh* I hope he returns soon and recovers from this. I love Enigna, but not this.
0312319517|5.0|It's been years since I read 'The Day Of The Jackal', my first Forsyth book. After reading this one, I noticed I had the same feeling as years ago: excited to follow the plot, moving along, good solid thriller. Like 'Jackal', there's a lot of intricate plotting, use of arms and equipment, things that work out just right, and, of course, a hero with unique background and qualifications. This is the first Forsyth book I've seen in quite a while so I assumed he'd retired or passed away. The last few I read were enjoyable but not as good as 'Jackal', 'Odessa', and one or two others. If you've always enjoyed Forsyth, you'll probably like this book as well as your other favorites.
B000002UW1|4.0|This album introduced the world to REM. It also showed a huge growth in songwriting and musicianship from their earlier albums (Murmur, Reckoning, etc). This album is known for the huge hits &quot;The One I Love&quot; and &quot;End of the World As We Know It&quot; but top to bottom all the songs here are strong and veryddiverse. Finest Worksong begins the album with intelligent neo-metal, then you get some trademark REM jangle rock. The next curveball is the horn-driven semi-swing of Exhuming McCarthy. A cover of another Athens band's (Pylon's) Strange keeps the album rolling and the rest of the songs are consistent as well. The stylistic experiments all work, and you still know it's REM the whole time. This album may not be REMs best (that will be debated between Out Of Time, Automatic for the people and Murmur) but it's just a notch below and a must for any fan of REM and/or rock n roll. ENJOY!!!
B00005JLR2|4.0|This is an animated science fiction story based on Robert Louis Stevension's Treasure Island. The script is very good though, as usual with Disney, not as enlightened as one would wish or hope.  The animation and design are breathtaking, the characters are fun and the songs are minimally intrusive. All-in-all, I was pleasantly surprised by this film, and look forward to re-reading the book so I can see how it compares.<br /><br />Disney's forte continues to be their state-of-the-art dvd extras, and this disc is no exception. There are trailers and featurettes galore, games, music videos, deleted scenes, an alternate ending and a commentary track with the producer and two directors.<br /><br />Spoken language options are English, French or Spanish, and English captions are available.
B00009V7RF|5.0|This album is AWESOME.  It has a little something for everyone and for every mood.  The guy who wrote about &quot;Lets Get Retarded,&quot; &quot;tejay369&quot;, has obviously never really listened to the track.  The singer clearly states in the first line of the first verse (after the &quot;runnin'\\" intro), the phrase &quot;In this context, there's no disrespect...\\" You can download the lyrics off many different websites to verify this.  The song is using the term to mean \\"to let loose,\\" \\"to get drunk/high,\\" \\"to have fun,\\" and the like.  The same goes for when BEP uses the term &quot;stupid&quot; in the song.  Us younger crowd (25 and under) use these terms in that context quite frequently.  I understand that the actual word &quot;retarded&quot; may offend some people, but in this reference it is not meant in an offensive manner what so ever.  If &quot;tejay369&quot; and &quot;A Music Fan&quot; and all the other people who wrote about the song would download the lyrics, read them -- and if they actually hung out with a younger crowd on a Saturday night -- they would understand this, too.  The last, and I think the best, song on the album, &quot;Where's The Love&quot; couldn't have been written and sang as well if BEP were out to offend and hurt people.  Before writing a review, really listen to the album - the whole album - and check the lyrics before you criticize another persons creative work and talent.  Again, this album is awesome.  It is upbeat, fun, and positive.  The single, \\"Where Is The Love\\" is one of my top 5 favorite songs; it was beautifully sung, has a positive message and has a beat that you can't forget.  This album is definitely in my top 10 favorites, and I can't see how anyone could not like at least one thing about it.
0066214122|3.0|Michael Crichton is a great writer.<BR>Prey grabbed me in the first chapter.<BR>But by the end I was just glad it was over.<BR>I read this book in a single day.
B000002H33|4.0|I like this album, because it's full of ideas. I like the guitarist, and bassist. Here's a lot of noise, and I like noise.<BR>Lars Ulrich is a great drummer, but himself, he's crazy. I really recommend to buy this album. The vocals is unique !!! Metallica is a great band. And no band plays like these guys do.<BR>The best song is Welcome Home (Sanitarium).<br />BUY !!! BUY !!! BUY !!!
B00009TB5G|5.0|Ever wonder where brilliance comes from? Ask Peter Jackson who filmed \\"RINGS\\", The Two Towers picks up after the 1st film in a way that not only is smart but tells a real good story. This entire project in my view anyways seems to have Hollywood final sit up and take notice that the viewers want more out of them and we are prepared to pay for it as well. These films have changed the whole style of these types of films. All I can say is hats off to Mr Jackson and the cast and crew of these films, they have given thier best and it shows, oh get this movie you'll never regret it.
B000002AZ8|5.0|This is a 5 star album.  Not a 4 star, &amp; not a 4 1/2 star, absolutely ridiculous <br />If it was 1994 today, this would be the greatest album of all time, if PJ didnt top it later...
B0000B3FCX|5.0|I really the music is really good like there other cd's I don't know other think that it an't good it's a very good Cd.....
B000002BBY|4.0|When I originally bought this CD back in 95, I found myself just playing the hits (Wonderwall, Don't Look Back In Anger, Morning Glory, and Champagne Supernova), and skiping over the songs I didn't know.  Maybe I just didn't have much time, and decided to only listen to the songs I KNEW I liked.  I really don't remember.  <br />But I finally gave this CD a real listen a few months ago, and damn, it is good.  This is sing-a-long, feel good rock and roll, with an old time British Rock sound....but harder.  &quot;Hello&quot; is great way to open the CD, and I love the way &quot;Some Might Say&quot; begins.  Great Guitars!  My favorite songs on the album are probably &quot;Some Might Say&quot; and &quot;Morning Glory&quot;, but I pretty much think whatever song I'm listening to at the time is my favorite!  I could probably do without &quot;Cast No Shadow&quot; and &quot;She's Electric&quot;, but overall, this is a solid CD.
B00008PW2D|1.0|I have bought every season of Sex and the City, LOVE them...I WILL not be buying season five.  The series hit an incredible low spot--there were no cliff hangers, the dvd \\"set\\" is a mere 8 episodes--who do they think they are kidding?  Spend your money elsewhere!
B000002UB3|5.0|One of the all time greatest rock albums, and one of the Beatles' crowning moments. Amazing to think that this album, which brims with such exuberance, could have been made during the most traumatic period in the band's all-too-brief history. If you want a prime example of great late period Beatles, this is the disc you need. More concise than the 'White Album' and less rough around the edges than Let It Be, Abbey Road stands as a monumental snapshot of a legendary band that had come of age.<br />The album opens with a John Lennon classic, Come Together. The song is even more special considering at the time Lennon was becoming less and less interested in being 'fab', and his contributions to the band's later albums are good, but not classic. Come Together is the rare exception, with its swampy feel and memorable bass playing by Paul McCartney.<BR>George Harrison most assuredly comes into his own here, proving that he could write tunes as good, if not better, than Lennon and McCartney. Something is a beautiful example of pop/rock simplicity, and Here Comes the Sun is a catchy, wonderful bright spot on the disc.<BR>Ringo Starr provides the album with his second original composition, this one being Octopus's Garden, sort of in the same vein as Yellow Submarine. <BR>But the real star of this album is McCartney, with his inspired weaving together of unfinished tracks that he and John had been working on during the 'White Album' and Let It Be sessions. Starting with the thoughtful You Never Give Me Your Money, the album moves through various moods and vibes, climaxing in one of the most poignant grand finales ever put on disc with the line that summed it all up for us - &quot;...In the end, the love you take is equal to the love you make.&quot; But to remind everyone that the band was still fun and didn't take themselves TOO seriously, they tack on Her Majesty. A great album that is essential to any fan of rock.
B000089RVR|4.0|you love dido?? so buy this albu, is here more mature album. all the songs have something cool and the lyrics are simply magnificent. really, i loved this album from start to end, except for the last two songs. but thats a great album!!!
B000002UB6|3.0|Let It Be may have been an experiment that didn't work, but the result is still interesting. Even Phil Spector's  'overproduction' is okay. The songs are, for the most part, average, and that takes away from the album in a big way. Even the live-in-the-studio take of Let It Be (not the same as the single, which was a polished version) nor the rooftop performance of Get Back (again, different from the single) can really elevate this album beyond what it is: a cleaned-up jam session. This is the only album where the cracks in the armour are so evident. <BR>But some of the songs are good: besides the two mentioned, Two Of Us is a great moment, and Across the Universe, which seems out of place here, is a dreamy Lennon track that works despite the fact that Spector essentially took the original version (found on Past Masters, Vol. II) and slowed it down, making Lennon's vocals sound somewhat croaky. I Me Mine works too, although it isn't one of Harrison's best by any means. <BR>This album is unique in that its the most rootsy and bluesy of any Beatles' disc, but after hearing the outtakes on the Anthology, and learning from various sources the other material that the band had also been working on at the time (some of which cropped up on Abbey Road) you have to wonder how much better this could have been. Still, it is the Beatles. That alone makes it worthy for me.
B00000IAU3|5.0|this album is incredible from start to end. all the songs are great, all the lyrics have something that made us think and her voice is great. good album,not erfect, but not too far. dido rulz!!!
B0000C9V3T|2.0|I bought this CD for one song. It was that long, beautiful song that played when Uma was examining the swords just after she arrives in Japan. Well, as you can guess, the song wasn't on the CD, and neither were a lot of other good ones. Don't bother with this.
B00005Y1TL|5.0|Richard d. James, modern music genius.  His talent, like many brilliant composers, manifested itself early.  This work, some of it done while he was a teenager, remains vastly superior to all other electronic albums.  It is a work of beautiful economy, without the modern excesses of production and greed.  Skip the imitators.  Get back to basics.  This is where it really all began.
B00005JG6Q|1.0|Too make the long story short.  PLEASE think twice before plunking down the money on this SHODDY release of this masterpiece, Akira.<br />I watched the original English dubbed version released 10 years ago.  The sound effects and dialogue was much superior to this new DVD version.<br />I do not know if they were trying to cut cost or whether they were worried about the US market not appreciating the intricacies of these sorts of animations.  They have really dumbed down the dialogue and deleted a few lines.  They also changed the voice of a few characters!!!<br />I really implore potential buyers to stay away from this new copy.  They cut away some dialogues and the sound effects are really noticeably worse than the copy 10 years ago.  This is definitely not a special edition but rather a hurried rerelease due to the new popularity in animation in the Cartoon Network here in the US.<br />Unfortunately, I doubt anyone can get a hand on this original copy, but I am sure you can still rent it. <br />If the readers here are confused to how bad this copy is compared to the original, just imagine Godfather or Star Wars but with slightly different dialogues aimed for a younger audience.  It is so sad that this was done to Akira.  I think this is probably the main culprit to the bad reviews here due to people not understanding or appreciating the storyline.<br />Also for those who watched this movie and stated they were confused by the storyline.  There are a lot of deeper meanings to what is said and done in Akira especially the dialogue about the power of humans in ameoba.  If you watch it enough and pay particular attention to what they say, you will understand what the creator was trying to get at.<br />This animation is not based purely on shock and awe.  Like many independant movies, the story line is deep and should be appreciated.  You can't expect another straight forward movie like Lion King or Tarzan.  That really kills the main point in Akira.  More importantlyI think Akira is aimed more for adults and not for kids, like Disney productions do.  Again, one shouldn't be expecting grade school plotlines.<br />My last advise is for people to buy the comic book release.  There are only a few volumes as they place 5-6 issues in a book for easier reading.  The story is really good and well drawn.  You can probably appreciate Akira even better there.<br />However this new DVD release has been horribly altered.  Not even the subtitles do much good as that has been dumbed down as well.
B00005M989|2.0|My two disc collection:<br />Disc I<br />1. I Wanna Be Your Lover<BR>2. Controversy<BR>3. A Love Bizarre<BR>4. Erotic City<BR>5. Hot Thing<BR>6. You Got The Look<BR>7. 1999<BR>8. Little Red Corvette<BR>9. When Dove's Cry<BR>10. Raspberry Beret<BR>11. Baby I'm A Star<BR>12. Darin Nikki<BR>13. Purple Rain<BR>14. I Would Die 4 U<br />Disc II<br />1. Alphabet Street<BR>2. Kiss<BR>3. Let's Go Crazy<BR>4. Thieves In The Temple<BR>5. Cream<BR>6. 7<BR>7. Diamonds and Pearls<BR>8. Money Doesn't Matter<BR>9. The Morning Papers<BR>10. Sign O' The Times<BR>11. Pop Life<BR>12. Thunder<BR>13. Get Off<BR>14. Betchbygollywow<BR>15. Soft and Wet<BR>16. Pussy Control<br />Favorite Prince song: \\"Erotic City\\"
0784011176|1.0|The heroine of this film has to be high on the list of most irritating characters I have ever encountered.  She doesn't speak, though it is never explained why, my own guess is that she just likes driving everyone crazy.  She allows herself to be married off to a man in New Zealand who she evidnetly doesn't like, again we are never told why.  Her husband won't let her take her beloved piano into their home, why on earth not?  Playing the piano was an essential female accomplishment in those days, every middle-class household had a piano.  What kind of a woman uses her own daughter as a go-between between herself and her lover?  Apart from being a thoroughly immoral thing to do, it is also extremely stupid.  Everyone knows no child can keep a secret.  I think her husband shows reamrkable forebearance in only cutting her finger off, personally I think he'd have done better to cut her head off.
B000060OFT|4.0|Baz Luhrmann took a step out to try and create this movie.  Mixing the features of a Shakespearian classic in the setting of a modern day world was a huge leap from anything that had ever been done before.  It calls to the audience with the violence and sex that Shakespeare needed to include to capture the audience in his time, and what remains to capture audiences today.<br />What's most amazing is Baz Luhrmann's twist to not only apply today's world view of Shakespeare, but also to captures it with the original context and language of Shakespeare, and this is what makes this movie truly amazing.  Audiences that have never read Shakespeare and don't understand the language of that day can still love and understand the movie, can still understand what's going on.<br />This movie has a chilling score on top of that.  Every scene fully captures the beauty because of a score that brings out the emotion.<br />The cinematography was exciting and vibrant.  The crew worked hard to bring Shakespeare to resurrect Shakespeare to the modern world in set as well as in script.  Details were added to the movie that most won't catch until they watch the special features of this DVD.<br />Which brings me to the special features.  You simply cannot do without these features.  Hours of additional footage that will show you the depth and the work that it took to create this movie, you will find a new fascination that will never leave you once you have watched it.  Commentaries, galleries, interviews, music videos, it will keep you entertained and enlightened for hours.<br />The movie is astounding.  My original distrust in a movie that had Leonardo de Caprio faded away within the first couple minutes of watching it.  Claire Danes is an astounding, talented, and committed actress that also made this movie what it was.  Enjoy it with a Shakespearian influence that makes this movie one that has set a precedent over all other representations of various other Shakespearian movies...
B00005AAFS|4.0|A friend of mine let me borrow this CD and I thought the music was awesome but I had no idea what they were saying. I knew it was German after listening to 3 songs. I think if you took Godsmack mixed them with Queens of the Stone and a German band you would get something like this album. All the songs have great music except for 2 or 3. If you understand German or want to memorize German from metal songs I would buy this album.
B00004VWAF|1.0|Louis Armstrong and Art Blakey, both recognized that MELODY is an important part of music, Louis stayed away from improvisational mess while Art Blakey enforced Hard-bop as a new way of conciling Freedom and Melody. Even though I love FUNK,I'm sorry I bought this CD, I guess I'll give it away to some trance DJ.<BR>On the label of my copy there's a sticker that reads:<BR>&quot;JAZZ MASTERPIECE&quot; (ha,ha!)<BR>I guess I would have taken the word &quot;JAZZ&quot; out and replaced it by &quot;EXPERIMENTAL&quot;.<BR>Buying Jeff Corber CD will be a more truly fusion idea, while Wynton Marsallis would be a good choice if you want to hear some jazz trumpet.
B00004XQP4|5.0|I got addicted to listening to &quot;Warning&quot; and &quot;Minority&quot; after downloading them from the Internet a couple years ago (I know it's wrong that's why I bought the album and quit downloading music). When I bought the album, I stopped listening to Warning and Minority and started listening constantly to almost every other song especially &quot;Castaway&quot; (one of my favorite Green Day songs ever). It may not be an essential punk album but it's still has awesome music and lyrics.
1565123875|5.0|Purple Hibiscus<br />Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie<br />Algonquin Books of Chapel Hill<br />2003, 307 pages (hard)<br />ISBN # 1-56512-387-5<br />5 Star Rating<br />Dee Stewart, Reviewer<br />Fifteen year old, Kambili barely breaths, speaks or exists in her privileged, but suffocating Nigerian home with her brother Jaja and her parents. Kambili's father's dominance is felt not only in her home, but in all of Nigeria except for her Aunt Ifeoma.  When Aunt Ifeoma persuades Kambili's father to allow the children to visit her in Nsukka, while they are on holiday. Kambili and Jaja's minds blossom into free spirits. JaJa learns the beauty of life, while Kambili falls in love with a handsome young priest. How will these two go back to such a strict and abusive home when they have been surrounded around love and the beauty of the purple hibiscus?<br />Adichie writes so effortlessly that you find yourself transported to Nigeria, smelling the rich soil and tasting the flowers. Purple hibiscus is a superbly written work. It is enchanting and engaging all at once. One of my favorite lines in the book is :<br /><br />I love short works of fiction be it short stories or novellas, because they cut to the chase and tell the story matter-of-factly. Yet, this novel does the same thing. From the first page, you know the conflict, the characters and a hint at the ending all at once. After the third page, I was excited to know the end. It was a page turner, which forced me to either stay up late at night or throw the book on the floor, to make myself go to sleep. This book will haunt you for months after you have put it down.<br />Adichie does an excellent job at fleshing out her characters. She makes them real at an instant. Kambili is so shy and afraid to live that you want to take a flight to Nigeria and remove her from that mansion. JaJa is so strong and silent that you want to shake him to make him scream. Their mother, Beatrice is such a caterpillar. You wait for her to become the butterfly and I can see Father Adami's clay colored skin and brilliant smile in my mind, behind my eyes. Adichie makes these characters so likable and so real.<br />This book and its cover reminds me of Olympia Vernon's Eden, but it is set in Nigeria not Mississipi. Both books brilliantly tell the story of people of African descent in such a magical way that you feel power in every page. You feel this undying will that manifests the struggle of African people, their struggle to be heard, recognized and loved. Purple Hibiscus is as timeless as the sand and as beautiful as the flower it is named after.I can see Father Adami's clay colored skin and brilliant smile in my mind, behind my eyes. Adichie makes these characters so likable and so real. <br />This book and its cover reminds me of Olympia Vernon's Eden, but it is set in Nigeria not Mississipi. Both books brilliantly tell the story of people of African descent in such a magical way that you feel power in every page. You feel this undying will that manifests the struggle of African people, their struggle to be heard, recognized and loved. Purple Hibiscus is as timeless as the sand and as beautiful as the flower it is named after.
B000060P79|5.0|OMG, don't judge this CD by it's cover, just listen to one song, you cannot stop listening to more songs. Their lyrics are cathchi and they mean sumfin to teens. Share dis CD with your frenz~
B00000JLWW|1.0|I was impressed at the special effects when I saw Titanic in theaters, but the movie has not held up well over the years.  The effects, which now pale in comparison to the work done in The Lord of the Rings and Matrix trilogies, are not enough to sustain a souless, plotless, poorly written melodrama.  What did anyone expect, though?  It was directed by James Cameron, a man who's made a career out of filming big budget pulp.  He doesn't direct people, he directs explosives, car chases, machines, so it's no surprises that his attempt at injecting a human element into Titanic falls flat.<br />How could audiences, even young ones, not see through this formulaic tripe?  The poor starving artist, the opressed rich girl, her despicable wealthy fiance...it all sounds like material for a Lifetime or Hallmark channel made for television movie.  Everything from Leonardo DiCaprio's cliched portrayal of the free spirited artist to Kate Winslet's outspoken society girl schtick is recycled from countless movies.  These aren't people, they're caricatures of people.  The sequence where Billy Zane (in an embarrassingly bad performance) goes bezerk and chases Winslet and DiCaprio through the ship with a gun, shooting wildly WHILE THE SHIP IS SINKING, is the sort of thing only a megalomaniac like James Cameron would even think of filming, let alone leave in the final cut of the movie.<br />I strongly disagree with the Amazon review that calls this a movie for the ages.  It already looks stupid only five or so years after its release, in another ten people might begin to mistake it for a comedy.
B0000AZJXQ|5.0|These tracks evolve down to the fitting end....Gravity. If this song doesn't touch you in some way, you are dead to all feeling and thought....absolute friggin' genius Maynard, THANK YOU!!
1573301051|5.0|Mariah looks like a witch...But CELINE DION looks like an Angel, not only her face but her voice. CELINE RULES!!!
B00007ELEL|5.0|THE GREATEST MOVIE EVER MADE. BUY IT RIGHT NOW!!!!
B000084T18|5.0|This is one of the best CD's i have ever heard. The beats by Dre and Eminem are sick. 50 has a 2pac/biggie style sound and the strret cred to back up what he says. The only thing on the Cd that i didn't like was 21 Questons because it does not fit with the rest of the cd. Great CD is a great buy for any fan of rap
B000001FN3|5.0|This CD has so many scratches on it that my little repair kit will be needed soon, well 10 years of use!<br />It is my favorite Alan Parson's album.  The concept of this album is amazing, like reading a book.  Starts with narration and moves to instrumental music, then to singing and it is reapeated in the same order until the end of the album.<br />They are using rare instruments on this album like harpsichord, harp and kantele which create a wonderful sound.  I like their bass melodies like &quot;Raven&quot; and &quot;The tell-tale heart&quot;.  &quot;Pavane&quot; has nice bass and all those rare instruments, it's my second favorite track.<br />My favorite one is &quot;The cask of Amontillado&quot;, with layered vocals.  I really like the voice of that John Miles.<br />The only track that I don't enjoy is orchestral &quot;Prelude&quot; but I will never skip it since it goes with the rest.
B00005AQE8|5.0|This is the best rap album ever. 2pac's best work features classics like &quot;California Love,&quot; &quot;2 of Americaz Most Wanted,&quot; &quot;Ambitions az a Ridah&quot; and &quot;All Eyes on Me.&quot; Both discs are great. Worth the price and if your a fan of rap you won't be let down.
B0000AQS0F|3.0|Obviously this was a well-written series and deserves much of the praise that fans are giving it.  I give them points for paying attention to little details such as \\"no sound in space\\" (as a previous reviewer pointed out).  Kudos for that. (Altough it should be mentioned that the main reason other shows DO use sound in their space scenes is for dramatic impact - not scientific accuracy).<br />In addition, the acting was good, and sub-plots and intrigues kept viewers wondering.<br />But . . .<br />It's biggest shortcoming (in my opinion)was that it had far too much of the \\"western\\" infused into the overall style.  I realize that many of the most successful sci-fi shows and movies are western-like in their character portrayal and storytelling, but this one had far too many OBVIOUSLY western elements, from the clothes to the weapons and the \\"frontier\\" look of virtually all the colonies they visited.  One would think that a space-faring humanity - even one purportedly devastated by conflict - would have a little more sophistication.  When the crew took part in what was essentially a \\"train robbery\\" in an early episode, it felt WAY too much like an old John Wayne flick.  I imagine that this very element may be what drew in audience members other than traditional sci-fi fans.<br />At any rate, I agree it should have had a chance to resolve some of the mysterious plot elements (who is the mysterious sister, and why are the men in blue gloves chasing her?), but in all honesty I was not surprised when FOX cancelled it.<br />Would I buy it? Probably not.  But it's worth a quick look as a rental.
B000063JDE|5.0|Relish this great director's (maybe)best film in which ordinary places turn into nightmares ( seconds into the film the hero's dad gets stung by a bee then choked almost to death by a garden hose) and nightmare turns into dream (the hero, Kyle McLachlan, is confronted by the woman he has been spying on from her closet within her flat (Ms Rosselini).  She wields a VERY large knife once used as a prop in PSYCHO, orders him to strip, then kneels in front him and the viewer is uncertain whether she is going to castrate the naughty boy or fellate him.  In the event she does not castrate him.) Set design Interiors reflect in every detail the weird and not so weird personalities of the characters - in Dorothy's flat (Ms Rosselini) there is a garish yellow record player next to the mauve sofa with its red velveteen cushions, pink walls, candy carpet, green steam heater and kitsch peuce green flower pots.  The characters seem larger than life - has the girl next door ever oozed as much sex as Ms Laura Dern? Has there ever been a cheap nighclub singer more beautiful than Ms Rosselini and has such beauty every been stripped so bare by the end of the film, a performance of incredible courage. What is it all about? It's all about a boy's adventure.  The boy (Kyle McLachlan) asks at one point \\"Why are there people like Frank?\\"  speaking of whom,  when Frank (Dennis Hopper) places the fingers and thums of his right hand together and points them at your forehead, be afraid, be VERY afraid.  Much to relish for the cinema lover. A diamond amongst the pap.<br />To be treasured on DVD.
B0000AMRJC|5.0|&quot;Scarface&quot; has grown into the realm of cult status since it's original release, it is one of those films which was not a blockbuster smash upon release, instead it's value and importance was determined with the passage of time. This is the case with many great films, while &quot;Titanic&quot; isn't talked about as much as when it first came out and broke records, &quot;Scarface&quot; is always a popular favorite and is always cited as an influence on the popular culture. The story is the criminal angle of the American dream: Tony Montana (Al Pacino) arrives on Miami's shores with the large wave of Cuban immigrants who arrived in the early 80's, soon he makes contact in the world of the cocaine trade and rises in it's ranks, ending-up taking over his boss' organization (and mistress played by Michelle Pfeiffer), but the world of lavish excess is also the instrument of his downfall. &quot;Scarface&quot; remains a stylish, vibrant movie, it is one of those few crime pictures where the set design and story work side by side. The screenplay is by Oliver Stone, who himself was living in the world of cocaine-snorting in Hollywood and wrote the script as a goodbye to the vice, is fascinating in it's exploration of the criminal underworld and at the same time tells a highly entertaining, well-crafted story of a man's desire to find success and his downfall brought by the excesses of that success. Director Brian DePalma films the movie with energy and craft, with vibrant colors and a pacing that makes the movie long, but not slow. Al Pacino delivers one of his great performances, he is always on the edge, intense and incredibly convincing. Some have accused the performance of being over-the top, but that's where these characters live. The movie was also first attacked for it's violence, and today some still consider it pretty heavy, but the violence the movie portrays is real. Anyone who watches the news or keeps themselves informed knows the violence in this movieis an everyday reality in the world of the drug trade. In the years since the movie first premiered, &quot;Scarface&quot; has proven to be highly influential, the new DVD edition features a fascinating documentary on the movie's influence on the hip-hop culture who apparently uses this movie as base for ethics and style. For movie buffs it's a great story that's well-made and expertly performed and written, just look at the great ending! &quot;Scarface&quot; is a bonafide American classic.
1582432678|5.0|I highly recommend this book to anyone who has ever felt ambivalent about motherhood.  Lionel Shriver really lays bare the conflicts that are inherent in being a mother- all of the things that you give up and all the ways in which it's possible to secretly resent losing one's single life.  She brilliantly and honestly peels back middle class suburban beleifs about raising children- exposing them for the false constructs that can entrap women into being less than honest with themselves and their children.  After reading this book I vowed to be more honest with my own child and to think more critically about all of the activites I push her into and all the expectations I have of her and myself.  I am grateful to Lionel Shriver for writing such a thought provoking and disturbing book.  It's one of those books that has subtly altered my views of parenthood. It's also kind of heartbreaking- so read it with some hankies nearby.  I read it one long night.
B0000AXE8I|5.0|Reloaded introduces us to new chararters and new special effects. If you loved the first one, you'll love the second one. The end of the movie leaves you saying, &quot;what was he saying&quot;, but the third and final installment with clear everything up.<br />Just buy the DVD if you're a fan, and if you're not (like my girlfriend) you will enjoy the second (just like my girlfriend).
B00005JKC3|4.0|I admit that it might be a little bit boring to watch this relatively long movie in a theatre. However, as a DVD, which you can immediately jump to chapter 20 (totally 28 chapters) when Hulk started to show his power against the armies, it rocks. The visual effect by ILM is stunning, The directorship and choreography is excellent. Most importantly, if you have a good 5.1 system, you really can replay and rewatch it so many times. In fact, the sound effect of it is much better than other comic movies in 2003 like X-men 2 and DareDevil.<br />In short, if you have an appetite for good home AV effect DVD, this is a must buy. If not, please neglect this review.
B00005JMFR|5.0|Some think at the end of the movie Neo had powers to destroy the sentainals and some think it was a ships EMP we'll see about that in this going to be awsome final installment of the matrix serise who will win the battle Neo or Agent Smith who will win the battle for Xion the people or the machines? What will happen to the matrix will it be destroyed or be safe. So many questions we will all find out what happens on Nov 5. Morpheus \\"How far will you go in to the rabithole?\\"
B00005JM02|5.0|This movie was better than any of the previous Pixar movies.<br />This movie just makes one happy, with a wonderful introducing Pixar clip. This clip unlike preivous ones is pretty old, when Pixar was much simpler. This really shows how the animation evolves on one hand, and makes a happy introduction to the movie.<br />The movie itself is great because.. it is never boring! One problem with many great movies is that you love 90% of them and then you get to this place which is boring, but the script writers made every line of the movie one that you can say again and immediately know where it came from.<br />Great movie! Recommended for everyone!
B0000AXE8I|1.0|DON'T BELIEVE ANY REVIEWER THAT GAVE THIS MOVIE MORE TAN ONE STAR.<BR>THEY WOULD ENJOY WATCHING PAINT DRY.<BR>THIS MOVIE ONLY EXISTS AS A PLATFORM FOR THE SAME OLD SPECIAL EFFECTS. SAVE YOUR MONEY, IF YOU NEED TO KNOW WHAT HAPPENS - NOTHING DOES.
0783226837|5.0|This has to be one of my all time favorites!  I grew up with this movie and could not wait to get the DVD.  Tremors combines frightening underground monsters with amazing one-liners and a great cast...you must see this movie.
B0000C3I6U|5.0|You'll have to forgive the lies of reviewer motek42...saying that this version is edited, that the pot-smoking scene has been removed (because Arnie's a Republican, naturally).  Oops, it's STILL in there...ya think that motek42 might be a closet democrat?  Nothing against the party historically...it's just their current crop of lying, self-grandeurizing narcissistic representatives will stop at NOTHING to paint the truth any color they want...<br />If they had one IOTA of Arnie's sense of purpose, perhaps they'd think before they'd prattle, and we wouldn't have such good samaritons as motek42 and his ilk.  SHAME, SHAME, SHAME!  \\"It's not a toomah...it's a liberal!\\"  WAY TO GO ARNOLD, GIVE THEM HELL IN SACRAMENTO!!
0792164903|5.0|Wow! I have to admit that this adaptation of the classic story by Washington Irving is not completely accurate to the story itself, but is amazing non the least. The story follows Policeman Icabod Crane as he goes to the small town of Sleepy Hollow to investigate strange murders by a supposed Headless Horseman. This movie has everything. Note: This movie is not for the squemish or faint of heart. It is very graphic and should only be watched if you can handle seeing people getting their heads chopped off or sliced bodies. If you can get past that it is still a great movie that is great to watch not just on halloween, but year round!
B00000JCOV|1.0|The white noise of Blue Cheer started back in '68 has hit the wall.  It moved thru Iron Butterfly and Led Zep in '69,  took a turn with Black Sabbath in '70,  turned nastier with Judas Priest in '76,  took another turn with Iron Maiden in '80,  hit fast forward with Metallica in '83,  got ugly with Slayer in '86, then uglier with Korn in '93, and smashed into the wall with Slipknot in '99.  Like feeling goooood after 6 shots of Jack Daniels,  then really gooooood after 3 more shots, then puking on your girlfriends poonadee after 3 more shots.  &quot;I thought I was just partying.....&quot;  If Slayer's &quot;Reign in Blood&quot; was the ultimate (like the 9 shot feeling), then this is going backward (like the 12 shot puking feeling.)  Slipknot is to Slayer and Iron Maiden what Lou Reed's &quot;Metal Machine Music&quot; was to Jimi Hendrix's &quot;Are You Experienced.&quot;    ALL YOU DIE-HARD SLIPKNOT FANATICS NEED TO GO BUY &quot;METAL MACHINE MUSIC&quot; BY LOU REED, AND THEN LISTEN TO SLIPKNOT.  And don't forget that 12 shot Jack Daniels good puke feeling.
B00003CX5P|4.0|I had to reconsider both my original review of this flick and \\"Clones\\" after having actually watched both movies w/I a week of each other.  After the initial letdown of \\"Episode-I\\", I was ready to jump on the \\"Episode-II\\" bandwagon.  In retrospect, while they both share some flaws, in many respects \\"Menace\\" is actually superior to \\"Clones\\".<br />\\"The Phantom Menace\\" has a comparatively simple plot - an intergalactic commercial group called the \\"Trade Federation\\" suddenly turns militant in the face of burdensome taxation.  They blockade the backwater world of Naboo, threatening an all-out war if their demands aren't met.  Why the Federation has taken that strategy is a mystery to the ruling government - the Senate of the Intergalactic Republic.  Because the galaxy is largely at peace (except for pockets of lawlessness) there is no standing army.  Instead, the Republic relies on the Jedi Knights - warriors schooled in the power of The Force - to maintain peace.  When Jedi Knights Qui-Gon (Liam Neeson) and Obi-Wan (Ewan McGregor) find themselves unable to forestall a war, they rescue Naboo's elected ruler Queen Amidala (Portman) from certain capture.  Having escaped the Federation, Amidala's damaged ship is forced to make emergency repairs on an even more remote planet - Tatooine.  Needing parts to fix their ship, and with nobody willing to accept their Republic Credits (even when prodded by Jedi mind tricks), Qui Gonn and Padme (one of the queen's loyal handmaidens) enlist the help of a local slave named Anakin.  He's just a kid, but even Qui-Gonn can tell that the boy has the power of the force flowing through him.  Soon the quest to repair the ship and escape to the Capitol of the Republic includes a mission to save Anakin as well, determine the nature of the Force energy coursing through him and to evaluate him for entry into the Jedi.<br />This flick was a letdown in many ways, but it does have some qualities that survive repeat viewings.  Visually, it is spectacular - the final dogfight between the Federation and the Naboo was not topped or even equaled in \\"Clones\\".  Both films have epic battles involving computer-animated combatants, but the Gungans have more character than the clone army (though I wouldn't want to face-off either side, ridiculous characters are better than none at all, and the clones are utterly lacking in that area).  The story is simple - though the more complex plot of \\"Clones\\", with its many continuity lapses and gaps reveal that its makers have a narrative problem which is best served by keepings things simple.  Both films are marked by an epic Jedi duel, though the one in \\"Clones\\" was strikingly unspectacular.  Christopher Lee as Dooku also demonstrated that he can function quite well as an all-around lord of Evil in \\"The Lord of the Rings\\", but the script gives him little to do, and the story can't make up its mind as to whether we're supposed to think he might be good, or banish any idea that he's not utterly evil.  In contrast, Ray Park as Darth Maul is utterly drenched in evil, his face and body language communicating a very palpable sense of the Sith - the force of evil Jedi ready to tear the galactic order to shreds.  Maul's battle royale - alone against Qui-Gonn and Obi-Wan easily rivals that between Vader and Luke from \\"Return of the Jedi\\" in its narrative coherency, and is only clearly topped in that respect by Luke and Vader's duel from \\"Empire\\".  While we can lament that \\"Episode One\\" wasn't the kind of film that grabbed us from our first viewing (like \\"Star Wars\\" or \\"Raiders\\") it's still a film that can grab us.  Just make sure you give it some room, and wide-screen DVD with which to do it.
B000003S09|5.0|Hard to believe I bought this back in high school in '69, and it still blows me away 34 years later.  When I first heard the opening track &quot;21st Century Schizoid Man&quot; I couldn't believe what I was hearing.  Robert Fripp was a genius, and through him I got into Brian Eno, Genesis (with Peter Gabriel), Yes, Emerson Lake &amp; Palmer.  But this album started it all for me.  You know, in 1968-1969 rock music hit a fork and took 3 different roads.   With the release of the first Blue Cheer LP in '68, heavy metal was born.  And with the release of the first Stooges LP in '69, punk rock was born. And with the release of this first King Crimson LP in '69, progressive rock was born.  And I always enjoyed the progressive road.  By the way, to all the original fans of King Crimson, check out anything by the Flower Kings.  They are making today's music that was started right here.  Peace.
B00005JLWN|1.0|\\"They make s**t. Unbelievable, unremarkable s**t. I'm not some wannabe filmmaker, searching for existentialism through a haze of bong smoke. No, it's easy to pick apart bad acting, shortsighted directing, and a moronic stringing-together of words the studio terms as prose. No, Im talking about the lack of realism. Realism. Not a prevasive element in modern American cinematic vision.\\" - This is Travolta's opening text of the movie Swordfish. It came to my mind together with The Credits of Equilibrium. I'm not saying this movie has all these elements. But lack of realism is definitely the main. The fighting scenes for example. He is fighting about 20 heavily-armed guys (these looked like M-16s, but let's just use the term automatic assault rifle). Leaving aside that he has just 2 pistols, he eliminates about half of them and then he just stands there for nearly 4 seconds while the pistols are being reloaded. So the scene is: Primary target standing in the middle of the room for 4 seconds against 10 men with automatic assault rifles... Here is another one: He eventually eliminates the second half, picks up the assault rifle and gets to the Father's room and immediatelly drops it at the doorstep. For some reason, highly trained and very experienced warrior goes unarmed against his primary target, seeing that there is his cold-blooded ex-colleague with two ninja swords on the table and room with obstacles that can hide unexpected surprises, and he still drops assault rifle. OK, another one. He gets to the middle of the room. About ten guys with ninja swords appear and go towards him. They know he eliminated 20 assault-rifled guys with his 2 pistols and that at this point he has no weapon on himself. Still, they approach such a person with ceased swords getting so close to him that he can reach them or the swords, which is effectively the only way he can fight them. Again, he kills them all. Still standing in the middle of the room, his ex-colleague has two pistols on thetable and knows that this guy does not like to be f***ed with. Instead of just shooting him, he still approaches him with unprepared weapon in more relaxed way than I would use to approach my car in the parking lot. Is that realistic? In comparison to Matrix, in Matrix the heroes' speed and \\"invincibility\\" was justified by the fact that they were in fact hacking into basic rules of physics. But even if they did not, it would still look more realistic than Equilibrium - that one is supposed to be happening in real world and as such normal earth rules have to apply. Or a storyline problem: The Underground claims that they have planted bombs to all the clinics that make the drug. So why the h**l do they need to remove one guy first? If they destroyed the factories and he was still alive, would he pick a broomstick and by some kind of spell create the drug for entire city to keep them under control? Or another one: They are waiting for a sweep team to search his house for small capsules with liquid in them that can be easily disposed of. And they still let him in with nobody to watch what he's doing. Simply, unbelievably unrealistic. I've seen Cube 2 the other day. Leaving aside the arguable quality of the movie, the ending makes sense. They send a highly trained agent \\"terminator\\" to find and kill someone. They sent several of them before and none succeeded. This one does. So she finishes the mission, learning the truth. They know she posesses the danger of exposing the practices and has to be killed, so they do. Simply, instantly, without her ever having a clue what happened (bullet in the head does not give you a chance to realize that you'll be dead in a while). That's it. I need to get rid of someone who is extremely dangerous and posesses immediate threat - so I won't take chances. Mission completed, I have what I need and you are now too dangerous. Even saying \\"Ready, Aim\\" is unnecesary chance. But \\"Audiences love happy endings.\\" (quote from Swordfish again)
B00006879E|4.0|I first heard about Maroon 5 from one of my friends, and the song I heard about it was &quot;Harder to Breathe&quot;. It's now 2 months later, and the song is *still* not old! It's one of my favorite songs. That's the reason I bought the CD. As for the rest of the CD, the first half is really good, but then it starts to die down towards the second half. But it's still very worth buying, so go get it!
B000021XS0|5.0|Dream Theater is one of the best bands that are out there right now! I've been a fan of them since Awake came out and been loving them ever since. This album is amazing from top to bottom I can listen to this album until the day i die and I will still love it. The musicians in this band are just outstanding to listen to and to meet. James Labrie has such an amazing voice on this record, how he hits those high notes like that wow! John Myung is the bassist of the band and he should be in th hall of fame, he is awsome on the bass and keeps rocking on the bass for the band. John Petrucci is the guitarist and is just awsome on guitar he adds a new demention when he plays, and is just great at what he does. Jordan Rudess is the best keyboard player of all time, hands down nobody can play like him. and last in my opionin the best musician in the band is Mike Portnoy on the drums. He is just out of this world when he plays. Just outstanding, he takes drumming over the top. The album itself is outstanding it is like you are listning to a play, just beautiful in everyway. The best songs on the album (they are all great but the ones that stands out the most are). Overture 1928, Strange Deja Vu, Fatal Tragedy, Beyond This Life, Home, The Dance Of Eternity, One Last Time, Finally Free. Like I've said over a million times this album is outstanding from top to bottom. And if you have the chance to see Dream Theater live DO SO. I've seen Dream Theater live twise and they are just amazing every time. Thanx for reading!
B00005JLK0|5.0|Ghost Ship is one of SCARIEST movies I have seen. The oppening scene begins on a luxurious boat named Antonia Graza.<BR>There are couples dancing away when a steel line cuts through the couples and cuts them in half, dismembers them, or decapitates them. The only survivor is a girl named Katie.<BR>     Forty years later after that gory night in 1962.  A group of salvagers find the ship. Thay are talking about towing it back to port. Then weird things happen. Like a little girl in the Grand Ballroom, a voice singing to Greer, or blood filling up a pool. Then deaths come. First comes Greer. Then the crew does not care about the ship or it's cargo, but of their lives.<BR>     Katie's ghost then shows what happenned that fateful night. How everyone died, includidng her. Epps the meets the demon who kiled everyone on board. Then the ship sinks due to a explosion. Epps is the only survivor.<BR>     I wonder why everyone says this is a bad video. It is pretty good.
B000002V0Q|5.0|The early nineties was absolutly the era for great music: Metallica's Black album, Nirvana's Nevermind and Megadeth's Countdown to Extinction. While out of the three, Countdown is the worst, it is still a tremendous album that threw me head first into the world of Megadeth. With songs like Symphony of Destruction and Foreclosure of a Dream, you can easily see the reason Dave Mustaine is regarded as the genius he is. This album is a must buy for any fan of heavy metal, even if you like both Metallica and Megadeth like me.
B0000AFX64|3.0|Having been a fan for so long, it was great to see them comeout with a &quot;revved&quot; up version -- but I was disappointed when I found out this version was edited (for example, pn the earlier BSG dvd version, the scene with Serena on Caprica...there was supposed be a newscast going on BEFORE the destruction of the planet..this version just goes right into the kill.<br />And what's with the GOBOS STILL? Gobos are small places in the film where you can see they added artowrk around the ships on occassion (bright green ones when the cyon ships are heading back to their basestar!<br />Comeon folks - for the money spent and the time to &quot;remaster&quot;, you didnt spend alot of time or money on the fixes!<br />Forget this version and go right for the series.
B000002H33|5.0|Out of the four albums released in the 80' this is by far Metallica's best.  With ear-splitting riffs and poetry-like lyrics, this is the perfect amalgamation of the two.  If I could, I would give it an infinite amount of stars, but alas, I cannot.  And just as a sidenote, for all of you losers who hate St. Anger and like their 80's stuff, you do not deserve to be called fans of Metallica.  That album is heavier than Load and reload, they intentionally did that to return back to their trademark heavy sound, ...
B00005JL78|3.0|What starts with a mildly interesting premise, `what if we could stop murder before it's committed by arresting the perps when they consider it' folds under the pressure of a really bland, banal execution.  Set in the future, another of those grainy monochromatic futures, Tom Cruise heads up the pre-crime division.  A trio of pre-cogs floats in a watery like womb dispensing images of murders that will be committed unless stopped.  Tom and his crew have that job.  One of the coolest things in the movie is the interaction with the flat panel LCDs of the future which appear to be glass and optic based.  Tom wears VR gloves [anyone remember the old Mattel glove? No?] and interacts with the system like a conductor with hand movements opening images, sliding things around, pretty nice.  About the only other thing of interest is the traffic in the future crawls up and down buildings vertically like cockroaches as well as horizontally on the ground.  The story is standard whodunit fare leading back to Brewmeister Smith as usual.  Has Max ever played a hero outside of Bergman? &lt;g&gt;  Anyhow, beyond the philosophical issues of pre-determination and causality there really just isn't much to the story, nothing compels us to like or care about these characters.  The near future's product placement with the GAP and bottled water only ads to the dead and depressing ambience.  Worth a look for free on cable I suppose.
B0000B3FCX|3.0|Upon first listen &quot;Long Road&quot; seems to all blend together, with &quot;Someday&quot; being the only song that breaks from the same musical monotony. Yet it seems that the longer I listen to this CD the more I seem to like it, the more it seems to grow on me. Although I wasn't a major fan after &quot;Silver Side Up&quot; I can say that this latest venture does do a good job of producing stable, solid rock (Something that is difficult to find these days on mainstream radio and music television.) I think it is worth purchasing just to listen to on long drives during the night.
0679735909|5.0|okay, so i skipped some of the poems.   I did that in Lord of the Rings, too.  Does that make me a bad reader?  <BR>I have read this book (minus some of the poems) several times.  I LOVE it.  It is a lovely, beautiful, gorgeous, wonderful, perfect.  It's not one to attempt if you are seeking immediate gratification or you don't want to think--it is not a summer read or a fun romance novel.  It is a book about scholars and writers and the differences between their worlds.  It is also a book about love, in both the Victorian world and in modern times.  It is a book about mythology and poetry and storytelling.  It is a mystery; I remember being tickled by that because it related to something a prof. said that i can no longer remember--something about why &quot;The Scarlet Letter&quot; was subtitled &quot;a romance&quot; as well, but it was also a mystery--my brain fails me, i think the terms might have once been interchangeable or something.  I love the small characters in this book--Val, Nest, Sabine....I can't believe someone could just write this--that it was rolling around in their head.  It makes my mind reel.  The movie isn't bad, either, although no where near as intricate and amazing.
B000089RVR|3.0|Like 'No Angel', 'Life for Rent' is the kind of album that takes a few listens to appreciate. At first listen, it may sound boring and bland, but the songs really grew on me after a few listens. There are suble electronic sounds here and there but the whole album sounds more organic than 'No Angel'. And Dido's vocal is still one of a kind when compared to her contemporaries. Her voice is melancholy but warm at the same time. Her vocal drives the songs but it's not overbearing and she never oversings like the other 'divas'.
B000002UAX|5.0|Before I say anything, I'd just like to say that I have no problem with anybody disagreeing with this--this is totally my opinion.<BR>THE TRACKS<BR>Back in the USSR: Fun rock song. Love the beach-boys style harmonizing on &quot;the georgia girls...&quot;<br />Dear Prudence: Beautiful ballad with great, subtle guitar.<br />Glass Onion: Self-referential John song where he makes fun of people who overanalyze his lyrics. Decide for yourself.<br />Ob-la-di, Ob-la-da: Stupid, annoying Paul &quot;reggae&quot; song. I like it. (I like all music, just letting you know what most people probably think.<br />Wild Honey Pie: ??????? Maybe if you take enough drugs you can get it.<br />Bungalow Bill: Again, stupid by I like it. Listen for Yoko Ono's voice (the really high off-key one)<br />While my Guitar...: Best song on here, beautiful guitar by Eric Clapton. George's best song, and possibly the Beatle's best.<br />Happiness is a Warm Gun: I hate this song. Depressive John song about drug addiction, guns, etc. Fun fun fun. I usually skip it, but some people love it.<br />Martha My Dear: A Paul &quot;granny song.&quot; I love 'em, but not for all tastes. Funny to hear Paul's falsetto on &quot;hold your head up...&quot;<br />I'm So Tired: Slow rock song, sounds like a cross between &quot;Bungalow Bill&quot; and a 50's doo-wop song.<br />Blackbird: A beautiful song by Paul. Listen and make your own choice; I find it a little slow.<br />Piggies: Some will hate and some will love this rather snide John song about class structure, etc. Like the piano.<br />Rocky Raccoon: Dorky, but fun, Paul western-style ballad. I wince when I hear Paul's accent in the beginning.<br />Don't Pass Me By: Ringo writes a song! Ummm.... Exactly what you'd expect. Can someone tell me what insturment that is doing the steady background beat?<br />I Will: Sweet Paul ballad. Sweet, but this is why Paul needed John to make things a little less cutsie.<br />Julia: The most poignant song John ever wrote, and nowonder. It's about his mother, who died when he was sixteen. Beautiful.<br />Birthday: I don't understand how anybody can hate this song. It's just fun--don't overanalyze.<br />The rest will be continued on the next review...
0316174483|5.0|I borrowed this book from our local library to use for my daughter's kindergarten project.  The drawings are very easy to follow. <br />I was first introduced to Ed Emberley's books when I received his animal drawing book as a young child.  I spent hours drawing animals.  It helped me to become creative.<br />This book combines 2 of Ed's books - thumbprint and fingerprint drawings.  It is nice to have the choice because with the different sizes in fingertips, you can create different sized animals and depth within pictures.  I especially love the section on fingerprint drawings.  The detail and color suggestions are wonderful.<br />I highly recommend this book!
B000002UAX|5.0|Continuing on...<br />Yer Blues: Besides \\"Happiness is a Warm Gun\\", the only track I skip over. Another extremely depressive John song which involves him yelling about how he wants to die over some, to give it credit, nice blues riffs.<br />Mother Nature's Son: Sweet, pretty piece of Paul fluff.<br />Everyone's Got Something to Hide...: Fun 60's rock song. Someone explain the title to me. Please.<br />Sexy Sadie: Great song, a nasty message to the Maharashi. Got some of the most interesting harmonies/chord changes/tunes/etc. that I've ever heard.<br />Helter Skelter: Wow. Paul can really rock. GREAT SONG.<br />Long Long Long: Boring, weird. Can't say I'm a fan.<br />Revolution 1: One of the Beatle's better songs, but this version is much inferior. Listen to the one on Past Masters 2--it's much better.<br />Honey Pie: A lot of people hate this song, but it's one of my favorites. Could you get more upbeat? (maybe \\"Good Day Sunshine\\")<br />Savoy Truffle: A George rock song about chocolates. A lot better than it sounds.<br />Cry Baby Cry: Ahhh...dunno. Sort of boring ballad thingy.<br />Revolution 9: First, I'd just like to say this has nothing to do with \\"Revolution 1\\". Also, I'd just like to comment on the fact that this is probably the Beatle's most hated song (I use the term loosely). I have to say that I sorta like it. If you just sort of open your mind to it, maybe you'll like it too. I dunno though. If you hate it, that's completely understandable.<br />Good Night: Arrgh! Gakh! Too...sweet... Ringo sings a lullaby written by John to Julian with lots of somehow fake-sounding violins and stuff in the background. Their dippiest song EVER. (I kinda like it, but that's just me)<br />And, finally, the one I left out before...<br />Why Don't We Do it in the Road?: Paul (doesn't sound like him, though) screams out a two line rock song. Hmmmm....I say....not.
0517209764|2.0|What they don't tell you is, this is LITERALLY a pocket edition.  It is 0.75 inches by 0.3 inches, and the pages are so small and thin you need special equipment to read them.  The book fits neatly in the pocket of my pants or my shirt.  It even fits in my shoe.<br />By the way, my shoe also fits in my shirt pocket.
B00004Z400|5.0|Weather it being a soft stunning melody or a Hard Crashing Masterpiece Deftones Pulls it off with a Bizarre Twist of Riffs and Sounds that mix with themselves to create something a bit more than unique but Extrodinary to listen to this C.D. is to listen of of far Rock Music has come and what it has really evolved into this C.D. is a great example of that and the Deftones May be One of The Best Bands of Our Time  Period....
B000002UAU|5.0|I still like them better in the original German.
B00004U2GH|5.0|This was Johnny Cash's second live album.  Like his first one, this one was recorded in a prison.  This is one of the great live albums of county music.  Johnny holds the captive audience in the palm of his hand from first note to last.  All the songs here are great, but some of the highlights are &quot;San Quentin&quot; (two versions), &quot;Wanted Man&quot; and the smash hit &quot;A Boy Named Sue&quot;.  This is a great album, and anyone who is intersted in Johnny Cash needs to hear it.
0679720200|5.0|This was the best book I read that takes place in a warm climate since &quot;The South Beach Diet,&quot; which was a little better.  Not to knock this one.
0784011176|3.0|To me, this film was not very good. It didn't pass any feelings through me like most good movies. I would say that the story for this movie is sick and kind of stupid, and some of the actors (not to mention any names) did not do a good job playing in it. The movie did entertain me enough, though, to sit through the whole thing. I totally fell in love with the music. To me, just hearing the music in it was worth the long watch.
0553213105|4.0|This is Austen's best novel yet, and I am eager to see what she comes up with next.  This was my second-favorite book this year, after &quot;The South Beach Diet.&quot;
0385504209|5.0|Loaded with historical information that appealed to me.  Fast paced, couldn't wait to get home from work to read it.  Best I've read in a long, long time!
0553208845|3.0|You won't lose any weight.  I recommend &quot;The South Beach Diet.&quot;
B0000AMRJC|5.0|This is yet another great gangster movie done very professionaly and with some superb acting. Al Pacino plays Tomy Montana, a lowlife who becomes a successful lowlife, and then dies a failing lowlife on cocaine. This might just be Brian DePalma's only good film. I hated Carrie, and I didn't care for his other ones. I think everyone did a great job, especially Michelle Pfeiffer and Robert Loggia. The movie had a great violent feel, like Mean Streets, and although it was 3 hours long, it certainly didn't feel that long. I liked it, and I'm sure a lot of people who like gangster movies will too.
B000002H6C|5.0|It may take a short time to get used to the 'different' sound of this album (due its production), but once you get past that, you get to experience Metallica at their peak. This album is <BR>unbelievable. Every single song truly rocks, and has the epic feel to it. And to top it off, there's one song noticeably superior to the others (\\"One\\"). Ironically, I didn't really notice this song the first time I heard it, only after subsequent listens did I realise what it was I had stumbled onto. This is easily one of my all-time favourite songs, if not my favourite.<br />You'll be amazed at the complexity of the songs, the riffs, the solos, the composition, the heaviness! Every single song is HEAVY. (Unlike previous records where there were one or two ballads.) This album kicks off with a fiery start and simply doesn't ever let up. The sound is more progressive than previous albums, so if you like progressive, you'll lap it up. And if you don't well you'll still lap it up. This is true metal. Just listen to the intro for \\"Blackened\\", and you'll get the feel of this album, and you'll see what I mean...<br />I honestly can't say whether it's better than (the sometimes overrated) Master of Puppets - hard to choose...let's just say this album is underrated, and I say it more than deserves a place in any metalhead's collection.<BR>And don't worry about the production. Once you've discovered this album and gotten attached to it like I have, nothing else will detract from it.
B00003CWL6|1.0|It is the worst film in the history of the Academy Awards. They should be ashamed of themselves for choosing this garbage to be the best picture of the year.
B000089RVR|2.0|Somewhere Between Suzanna Vega,Sarah Maclaughlin,Sinead O'Connor&Norah Jones you find Dido.She is Safe vocally&has the voice that Adult Format Radio just enjoys playing over&over again.the Material here is farily safe&doesn't stray from Her Formula.She is very middle of the road already&that isn't a good thing.
B00005NRO3|5.0|When Scream was released back in 1996 it provided a much-needed stab of life into the horror genre. It became the most talked-about slasher flick in years, so a sequel was inevitable. It arrived in 1997, and was appropriately called Scream 2. It grossed $33 million in its opening weekend and received rave reviews from both critics and fans alike. My personal opinion is that Scream is probably the best in the series, but Scream 2 features a lot more memorable scenes of terror in terms of nail-biting and seat-gripping suspense.<br /><br />In Scream we saw Sidney stalked by a serial killer, who slashed his way through her friends and relatives before tormenting her. The reasons go back to Sidney's mother who was murdered a year previously. The whole town was shocked by these events, and in the opening sequences of Scream 2, we see that Sidney's events (that us as the viewer saw in the original Scream) have been made into a Hollywood blockbuster called Stab. The opening scene of Scream 2 is particularly memorable. A foxy lady played by Jada Pinkett goes to see Stab at the cinemas with her boyfriend. The scene they see is of a young girl alone in her house. Anyone who has seen Scream will know that this sequence in Stab is taken from the original film where Drew Barrymore is murdered brutally. Easy to understand if you've seen the Scream trilogy, not so much if you haven't! Anyway, the outcome of this woman and her boyfriend is history as they are murdered simultaneously in the toilets and theatre.<br /><br />As a sequel Scream 2 is based around the idea of recreating ideas from the original film. It works incredibly well. From the start of the film we are rather comfortable with our characters who reprise their roles from the first movie; Sidney, Dewey, Randy, Gale, and our killer - to put it sharply. New character members appear in the form of Heather Graham, Rebecca Gayheart and Portia de Rossi. However, the one that stands out the most is Sarah Michelle Gellar. Definitely not in her Buffy role for this movie, she appears as a kind of tribute to Drew Barrymore's ten minute opening sequence in the original film. Gellar has a short role, but it comes off as perhaps the most memorable scene of the entire film.<br /><br />When I first saw Scream 2 a few years back, I was somewhat surprised to see that the first three quarters of the film are infact better than the original. The only thing that lets it down slightly is a bit of a crummy ending, but the classic scenes in the middle of the film hold it up. The cinema/toilet murder scenes, Sarah Michelle Gellar's awesome portrayal of the girl in her house on her own, the trapped-in-the-car scenes, the University studio. They're all fantastic and draw out the suspense incredibly. After facing her fears to a certain extent at the end of Scream, Sidney seems afraid to go back and be the brave heroine in most of Scream 2, but her change in character towards the end is rather uplifting and inspiring. The film score is incredibly suspenseful and works well by sticking in your mind many hours after you've watched the film. The final moments of Scream 2 are what lets the film down slightly. After the incredible events of Scream's ending, it was almost impossible for director Wes Craven and writer Kevin Williamson to come up with something to top it.<br /><br />OVERALL GRADE: 10/10<br /><br />All in all Scream 2 is a very worthy sequel which surpasses many of the scenes from the original film. The humour that infused the first film and made it so witty with its popular culture references is maintained in Scream 2 wonderfully. With the original Scream it was unlike anything that anyone had seen before, so anything could happen. Scream 2 is disappointing in the fact that, even though you may not know what will happen precisely, you have an idea of the form that it will take. However, don't get me wrong, this is one of the best horror films you will ever see with so many classic scenes that will godown in motion picture history.
6305903182|4.0|By the time that Scream 3 was released around the turn of millennium, pretty much everyone in the world was familiar with the style of the film, and its storyline. Such is the immense popularity of this film series that you can't help but not think of it when you think of the horror genre. The first Scream film was ground-breaking and original in every way possible while Scream 2 slightly improved the suspense and nail-biting moments while retaining the same old formula. With Scream 3, director Wes Craven has wisely drawn a line under this phenomenon and called it a day. However, Scream 3 is no bad film. It's a great ending to a fantastic trilogy, but one thinks that anymore films in this series would become too predictable and familiar.<br /><br />In Scream 3, Kevin Williamson, scrip writer from the first two instalments is absent. Unfortunately the absence is painfully noticeable. The scrip goes too far and tries to reach areas of the storyline that are too deeply rooted in the unfamiliar to be believable after all that has happened in the first two films. The film attempts to complete the circle by rounding it off with this film, yet it can't help but bringing in new facts and stuff like Maureen's ghost that we really didn't need to know. The long and overdrawn explanation of everything that has happened towards the end is not really needed either. You finish watching the film feeling a little disappointed by the lack of action and suspense, but there's certainly one thing that this film has in copious amounts that the first two didn't - blood and guts.<br /><br />Most of the action that goes on in Scream 3 is featured on the Hollywood-style set of Stab 3, the sequel to the original which featured the true-story events of Sidney's events that we saw in the first Scream film. Stab 3 focuses more on Gayle Weather's account of the goings on around the Woodsboro Murders. Having the characters of Stab 3 play the real life characters that we seen on screen is a delightful touch, and adds many humorous moments to the film. As with the first two films we are treated to a fabulous opening sequence that last some ten minutes to get the audience worked and hyped up. With Scream, we saw Drew Barrymore brutally murdered in the opening, while Jada Pinkett was killed off in the cinema in Scream 2 while watching the Hollywood blockbuster Stab. This opening is the worst of the three, but it's still very good and entertaining.<br /><br />Neve Campbell completes her role as Sidney Prescott in Scream 3 with grand style. Her acting peaks here and she shows raw emotion as the traumatised woman. Courtney Cox is fabulous once more as the news reporter Gayle Weathers, but she has lost her snappy edge from the first two instalments that made her the shiniest character in the film. David Arquette has now fully transformed into a very likeable character, and is a different man to the geek we saw in the first film. And that's pretty much it as far as main cast stars go. Scream and Scream 2 had many extras and minor role-players, but Scream 3 focuses more on the three main characters who have been in the film since the beginning.<br /><br />OVERALL GRADE: 8/10<br /><br />Scream 3 is definitely a satisfying and well-received finale to the greatest slasher flick trilogy ever. The ending is the second best of all the three, with the original Scream ending in pole position. Nothing can top that! Final instalments are supposed to ruin some classic films. Many examples can be chosen, such as The Omen and The Exorcist, but Scream 3 is a perfect round out to the best trilogy ever, Scream. Let's just hope, however, that Wes Craven doesn't release a Scream 4. The results could be disastrous. We might just have to kill him.dds many humorous moments to the film. As with the first two films we are treated to a fabulous opening sequence that last some ten minutes to get the audience worked and hyped up. With Scream, we saw Drew Barrymore brutally murdered in the opening, while Jada Pinkett was killed off in the cinema in Scream 2 while watching the Hollywood blockbuster Stab. This opening is the worst of the three, but it's still very good and entertaining.    Neve Campbell completes her role as Sidney Prescott in Scream 3 with grand style. Her acting peaks here and she shows raw emotion as the traumatised woman. Courtney Cox is fabulous once more as the news reporter Gayle Weathers, but she has lost her snappy edge from the first two instalments that made her the shiniest character in the film. David Arquette has now fully transformed into a very likeable character, and is a different man to the geek we saw in the first film. And that's pretty much it as far as main cast stars go. Scream and Scream 2 had many extras and minor role-players, but Scream 3 focuses more on the three main characters who have been in the film since the beginning.    OVERALL GRADE: 8/10    Scream 3 is definitely a satisfying and well-received finale to the greatest slasher flick trilogy ever. The ending is the second best of all the three, with the original Scream ending in pole position. Nothing can top that! Final instalments are supposed to ruin some classic films. Many examples can be chosen, such as The Omen and The Exorcist, but Scream 3 is a perfect round out to the best trilogy ever, Scream. Let's just hope, however, that Wes Craven doesn't release a Scream 4. The results could be disastrous. We might just have to kill him.
B000092ZYX|5.0|I had always heard about Radiohead in music news whenever they would release a new cd or something, but I never considering listening to them.  I rather chose to just listen to the hit rock songs on the radio.  And I think any radiohead fan knows you won't hear much of their stuff by doing that.  My friend recommended Radiohead, so I went to the store and bought this cd for my first radiohead.  A daring venture certainly, but it has grown on me soooo much.  I went out later and got ok computer and have heard much of their other stuff.  I plan to purchase all their albums.  <BR>     The lyrics on this album are so complex and excellent.  They aren't just complaining about president bush and such.  They've said it in interviews, they aren't that blunt of musicians.  Yes, this may not be the best Radiohead starter album for most, possibly the bends or ok computer would do that job, but man does this album last, just like all of their stuff.  It's been many many months now, and I still love the sound of &quot;2+2=5&quot; and &quot;Sail to the Moon&quot; and many others.  You can't say that about many other albums, or bands for that matter.  For any radiohead fan or just anybody ready for some slightly different/excellent music, this album shouldn't be discounted by being classified as lesser than their previous work.  Get it!<BR> This cd is a great sampling of all their stuff (though slightly more on the post Kid A side of things), and is a great addition to their already mind boggling resume.  And just before I go, that guy who called them &quot;whiners&quot;, I hope you know you big of an idiot you sound like to all these fans who appreciate great music.  Basically, this album opened me to a band that has in a short time gone from just a name in the news, to my absolute favorite band.  It's sad really, because it has become difficult for me to listen to normal music now.
0312305060|4.0|The way this novel is set up and told is genius in itself. Describing and telling the story of three diferent women in different time periods all going through self issues. the way Michael Cunningham tells the story with using real life situations and the characters all being connected is brilliant. This keeps you involved and makes you keep reading to try to find out what the truth is behind each woman. Even though this book is a fiction novel it has semi-true things in it. Such as Virginia Woolf is shown in a day writing her famous novel Mrs. Dalloway. I would recommend both the book and the film to anyone. Every moment I spent reading it was no waste. This is a book that makes you question things and that to me is a good and interesting book to read.
B00009V8Z9|5.0|Gavin DeGraw is so extremely talented. He writes his own stuff...lyrics and all. If you ever get a chance to see him in concert you should! You are missing out if you dont. This guy has a voice that touches your bones in places you probably didnt even knew existed. He plays the piano, sings, and plays the guitar also. Can he get any more talented? This CD is the first cd i have ever bought that doesnt get old. It is constantly in my cd player. Gavin DeGraw will make you say &quot;Elton who?&quot; GO BUY GAVIN DEGRAW's CHARIOT!!
0823016285|5.0|Being a professional portrait artist I ordered this book with high hopes but I was sadly disappointed because most all the illustrations are drawn from photographs. If I wanted lessons on how to draw from photographs this would be a good book, or, I could just as easily posed my wife and took photos of her face to draw from. I do most of my portrait work from life. Where is the authors skill? This book is over priced and over rated. Robert Beverley Hale, I believe, would also be disappointed........  I once wrote this unfavorable critic of Mr Faigins book but over the years it has proven invaluable to me and my portrait work. Especially in explaining the opened mouth smile and the all important line between the lips. If you don't have it, buy it. It is worth the money. Now, I am sure Mr Hale, like myself, would be more then content with this work.
0380730367|5.0|'Prayers for Rain' is my first Dennis Lehane book.  I now think I'll read the rest.  Why?  Unlike many of the popular crime/mystery writers of today Lehane can *really write* as opposed to just tell a good story.  'Prayers for Rain' should be considered literature by any standard.<br />In this book we have a couple of private investigators following upon the odd suicide of a young woman.  The more they dig into it the more strange things become.  Before long it all becomes a bit unbelievable yet the author is so deft at spinning this story that each little twist comes as an exciting surprise (as opposed to a groan of disbelief).  I should also add that much of the story is very violent, with some very cruel/sadistic moments.<br />But back to Lehane's writing ability.  The prose is uniformly excellent, and the characters are very well-developed.  Compared to the likes of Robert Crais and George Pelecanos, two authors I admire, Lehane is clearly the superior writer.  It was a complete pleasure reading 'Prayers for Rain'.<br />Bottom line: slightly over-cooked story aside, 'Prayers for Rain' and Dennis Lehane are definite winners.  Strongly recommended.
B0000AZJXQ|4.0|It took me 2 weeks to like this album, coming from hearing the first album every morning for several months. If you don't compare this to Mer De Norms, and give it credit on it's own, Thirteenth Step is fluid, powerful, graceful, and a masterpiece on it's own grounds.  The softer and instrumental songs are moving and the harder songs are their typical bad-ass rock songs without too much pop (except Weak and Powerless).  The bass is absoluely AMAZING on this album - I can drown out people blasting rap music next to me at stop lights now.  I think Maynard explored his range fully with the vocals, and hope to see more in the future.
B000084T18|4.0|The people who said they didn't like this, look at the music they like. 50 ain't the best lyricist out there but he definetly is a bad ass MC. This CD is tight, 90% of the tracks are straight up gangsta, it's not all about rapping super fast like some of you idiots think. 50Cent knows how to flow with the best beats which Dre & Em produce. If U don't like it shut up, u don't know what your talkin about! Go back to your farm towns u ignorant headbangers!!!
B00009RGBS|5.0|Oh, man.  My friends and I went laser bowling and then went to a friend's house for a sleepover and to watch a movie.  We decided on Chicago and it is one of the best movies I have ever seen.  The music was what made the movie.  (Who knew Gere could sing?  And fantasitcally at that)  We watched the movie, but then we rewound it again and again to one musical number.  It was &quot;They had it coming&quot;.  We watched that part alone 4 times.  Definitely buy this movie and then buy the soundtrack.
B00003CXIP|5.0|This review is based upon River Phoenix and his unique performance throughout his second (and most favoured) film, Stand By Me. After his break through into the show biz world with the t.v. series, seven brides for seven brothers, came his first motion picture, Joe Dantes family adventure,Explorors. It was this film that introduced him into the everlasting world of films. After Explorors came, Stand By Me, based upon Stephen Kings best seller of 1982, the body. River Phoenix originally audisioned for the part of Gordie Luchance but lost to Wil Weaton (Star Trek) but director Rob Reiner (A Few Good Men) decided to keep Phoenix as he saw natural talent in his addition and thought he would be more suited to a tougher role in the film, so he decided to cast him as Chris Chambers, a thirten year old street smart kid who's born into a bad family so automatically gets a bad reputation himself. His most precious moment in the film is the camp fire scene where Phoenix confesses his deepest sorrows and regrets about stealing the milk money at school. &quot;It was shot many times&quot; said Rob Riener. &quot;I asked him to try and think of something that really bothered him inside and he just told me ok, lets go.&quot; Even after shooting the scene River was deeply tramatised, perhaps it was because, like Chris Chambers River grew up in the wrong family. He spent most of his time on the streets with his sister Rain singing for some extra money. A lot of things happened on the summer of shooting that film, River smoked his first joint, lost his virginity and adolesence and went on to become one of the truly greatest actors of all time. Check out My Own Private Idaho. Long live the legend
B000002KBU|5.0|I'll keep it short.  Blue is one of the finest folk albums ever.  Mitchell's songwriting is sharp, her vocals crystalline and incredibly emotional, and yes, she even wrings smiles out of us (My Old Man, California) while simultaneously devastating us (River, the title track).<br />Musically sparse, finely wrought...I feel it's her finest work. <br />PS&gt; And not to anger any of the Joni fans who like her jazzier stuff, but I just can't relate to her when she gets jazzy.  She's an artist, and it's her right, but I don't have to like it.  You'll say I miss the point, and that may be so.  However, you also miss the point by not accepting her earlier work for the strengths it has.  And that's as diplomatic as I can put it.
0440238609|5.0|This trilogy is literature at its best. Never before I have been so deeply into books like this. I have read a wide variety of children's book, and this surpasses all of them. The plot and characters draw you in like a starving man to food. It is much superior to Harry Potter in many, many ways.<BR>    Those who dislike this book because of the anti-religious view on life are truly missing the point and an excellent book.
B000006OS2|1.0|I am longtime fan of this movie, but how disappointing only because of the quality of the dvd!  The movie itself is five stars, but this one is zero star (one star is the lowest rating for Amazon) because of the dvd quality.  It was very difficult to enjoy the movie as you watched the grainy, poorly lighted scenes.  <br />Don't waste your money purchasing this Hong Kong/Taiwan version...stick to the VHS copy.
B0000DBJDM|4.0|I'm only giving this 4 stars because I thought they were going to remaster this in a surround sound format.  This is a pretty cool movie if you are a Floyd fan, might not be so cool otherwise.  I like some of the new stuff they added (space shot scenes and the computer animated Pompeii) and the concert itself is pretty cool.  The best part of the music is that it is pre-Roger Waters taking over the band music so it is still somewhat upbeat and optimistic.  It is cool seeing Pink Floyd produce their stuff although I don't think they would have been given the time of day in the video age.
B000006OS2|1.0|I am longtime fan of this movie, but how disappointing only because of the quality of the dvd!  It was very difficult to enjoy the movie as you watched the grainy, poorly lighted scenes.  <br />Don't waste your money purchasing this Hong Kong/Taiwan version...stick to the VHS copy.
B0000AZJXQ|5.0|After 2000's spectacular MER DE NOMS, expectations for the follow-up were obviously set very high by most fans. Maybe too high? I think not, because A Perfect Circle have returned with one of the best albums of the past decade. Two of the five original members have been replaced --- bassist Paz with Jeordie White, and guitarist Troy with James Iha (after the album's completion in this case) --- but this did not result in disaster as some may have predicted.<br />As has been mentioned by many reviewers, anyone expecting a repeat of MDN is in for a rude awakening, and this should come as no surprise given the fact that every single album featuring Maynard James Keenan, from OPIATE to LATERALUS, has featured a marked change in style and structure from its predecessor. The progression from MER DE NOMS to THIRTEENTH STEP is not simply \\"maturity,\\" as the critics so often put it (it's not as if the former was lacking in that area to begin with), but an attempt at coming closer to perfecting their style of art rock by not sacrificing emotive qualities nor melody/listenability when composing something more complex than the last album's content. This record may be a little more subtle on average, but when the heavier parts do come, they really hit hard. The same can be said for the more serene material; anyone who found their favorite tracks from MDN to be \\"Rose\\" or \\"Orestes\\" should be thrilled to discover the even quieter, more eerie feel of \\"The Noose\\" and \\"A Stranger.\\" <br />While this goes without saying to fans who already are familiar with MJK's catalog, note that this album (even more so than its predecessor) is best experienced as a whole rather than as individual tracks. That said, there are certainly standout tracks that I can't help but put on repeat: the extremely heavy and downright frightening \\"Pet\\" is easily the best song APC has done thus far in my opinion, and really one of the best songs ever recorded (on the same level as Tool's best); \\"The Noose\\" is a stellar ambient track that rivals \\"Orestes\\" in its beauty (although it's a much darker song); \\"The Package\\" features a satisfying release of frustration after over four minutes of quiet contemplation of a depressed state, with a killer bass line all along; and the entire sequence of \\"Blue,\\" \\"Vanishing,\\" and \\"A Stranger\\" (tracks four through six) is like a winding journey that takes you from bitter misery to euphoria and back again, before slamming you in the face with the album's other hard-hitting metal number, \\"The Outsider,\\" which is probably the best candidate for the next single. Of the remaining tracks, two (\\"Crimes\\" and \\"Lullaby\\") are simply interludes or continuations of their respective `main' song, and some even may consider the dreamy, guitar-less rendition of Failure's \\"The Nurse Who Loved Me\\" to be a third interlude, serving \\"Pet\\" in a similar way that \\"Intermission\\" did \\"Jimmy\\" on AENIMA. Finally, \\"Weak and Powerless\\" and \\"Gravity\\" are both legitimate and fairly decent songs, but just don't quite live up to my expectations, partially because they seem to disrupt the flow and overall feel the rest of the record emits. \\"Gravity\\" was written during the MDN era and rejected from that album, but it certainly would have been more at home there than on this release. But looking at things objectively, even these supposedly weak tracks are among the best rock songs to come out in years, so I won't complain too much that not every single idea the band had was as stunningly brilliant as \\"Pet\\" or \\"The Noose.\\"<br />In summary, Maynard James Keenan has surpassed his incredible previous efforts yet again with THIRTEENTH STEP, creating something that is at most faintly reminiscent of those efforts, yet shines just as bright as they do. And the review wouldn't be complete without due credit being given to the driving force behind APC's music, Billy Howerdel, who is responsible for two albums in a row worth of soaring melodies and dynamic instrumentals; you would be hard-pressed to find a better composer in rock music today. While Radiohead's June release HAIL TO THE THIEF was a generally excellent bit of prog-rock, APC have easily released the best album of 2003 here by surpassing the sky-high expectations of their fanbase. All fans of rock music owe it to themselves to grab this one as soon as possible, and if you're already aware of the incredible talent of Maynard and APC, I'd suspect it's already spent a healthy span of time in your CD player.
B00009RGBS|4.0|I thought I would like the movie because it is a musical.  I normally do like musicals.  But I loved this movie.  I loved the songs and the dancing.  I think those were the best parts.  I did not think I would like it so much.  Richard Gere surprised the crap out of me.  I did not think he could do what he did.  He was great.  They all were.  I would recommend this movie to everyone.
B000002J09|5.0|By the time Led Zeppelin released their masterful fourth album, their writing skills had matured to the point where they could feature all original compositions, i.e. no more rewritten covers of blues songs. (Anyone who says that &quot;Whole Lotta Love&quot; and &quot;The Lemon Song&quot; on the second album are &quot;stolen&quot; does not know the oral tradition of blues; bluesmen would often hear someone else sing a song, then rewrite and restructure it to fit their own individual performance style.) Nevertheless, &quot;When the Levee Breaks,&quot; which closes the album, is eight minutes of sheer blues-rock bliss, with fantastic drums by John Bonham, great harmonica and singing by Robert Plant and fabulous Jimmy Page guitar riffs that will leave you begging for more! Poetry, sheer poetry! &quot;Rock and Roll&quot; is Zeppelin's best freeway song, with it's hard-driving beat, while &quot;Misty Mountain Hop&quot; is slamming, jamming acid poetry on overdrive. &quot;Four Sticks&quot; gets it's name from the fact that John Bonham plays with.....(you guessed it! Four sticks!) while &quot;Black Dog&quot; features jarring time signatures and opens with a hypnotic, instantly-recognizable riff. The band also shines in the rare quiet moments of &quot;Going to California&quot; (great lyrics and a wonderful Plant performance here), and &quot;The Battle of Evermore&quot; (a Tolkien-inspired tale featuring good and evil, lots of mandolins, and the angelic voice of the late Sandy Denny of Fairport Convention). Both are incredible! And finally, what's there to say about &quot;Stairway to Heaven&quot; that hasn't been said a million times before? It is deservedly a classic and is worthy of your attention. In short, you should get this album at once, so that when the levee breaks, you can turn up the volume and get drenched!!!
B0000640SA|2.0|I didn't hate it, but beyond the way the story's told there's really very little there.  Seeing the movie told from the hero's point of view is interesting... for the first few minutes.
B000002J03|5.0|Led Zeppelin II is arguably one of the albums that gave birth to heavy metal, and certainly helped to spawn the genre known as hard rock, metal's less headbanging younger brother. This album proves that blues was at the soul and very fingertips of some of rock's greatest bands, Led Zeppelin foremost among them. \\"You Need Love\\" was an early 60's Willie Dixon/Muddy Waters blues cut that British bands turned into a concert-highlight raveup jam number by 1968. Led Zeppelin attacks the tune, reworks the lyrics, adds stunning guitar licks by Jimmy Page and passionate moaning by Robert Plant, and the classic \\"Whole Lotta Love\\" is born, a six-and-a-half minute ode to requited passion. Similarly, Page and Plant take Howlin Wolf's old chestnut, \\"Killin' Floor,\\" throw in some verses from Robert Johnson's 1930's masterpiece, \\"Travelin' Riverside Blues\\", add jazzy bass lines from John Paul Jones and animated drumming from John Bohnham, and presto! \\"The Lemon Song\\" comes to vivid life and stands as Zeppelin's finest band jam ever. Purists might claim these songs are stolen, but Page and Plant are simply in the finest oral tradition of the blues, in which an old song is given a new twist and rewritten to fit the style of the performer. However, the band's writing skills are maturing as well: \\"Ramble On\\" and \\"What Is and What Should Never Be\\" are first-rate originals, and breath new life into old music (blues-rock) for a new audience. The twin songs \\"Heartbreaker\\" and \\"Living, Loving Maid\\" deal with old love and new love, respectively, while \\"Moby Dick\\" is merely a vehicle for John Bonham's outstanding drumming skills. \\"Bring It On Home\\" shows the contrast between old style blues and new style blues-rock to perfection; Plant's emphatic singing (and fine harmonica playing) proving he is a master of both styles. In short, you will not find any blues-hard-rock-early-metal album better than Led Zeppelin II, because if you can dig it to the core, you'll find a whole lotta blues!
B00006AW2M|4.0|Yep, I remember this album.  Hmm lets see, Joss sticks, flowery shirts (with matching ties) my sisters friends in our living room, all older than me,  yeah girls, but I was too young to appreciate that!  Oh yes the album?  well this is Brian Jones legacy, good music quite varied, then Brian died and the Stones went down hill all we got after was Rock/rhythm &amp; blues stuff, with Richards heavy guitar work.  But this Album shows with Jones direction they could have been a lot more, but not as rich as now!!
0679721037|5.0|An extremely vivid picture of atomic energy.  It is scary to think of the consequences that occur in wartimes.  It is probably one of the best books I have ever read.  I would highly recommend this selection.
6305428042|5.0|Hocus Pocus is one of the all time favorites for children and adults alike. The actors adult and youngsters are great. For the past few years, it has been a pleasure to watch the program on the &quot;Disney&quot; Channel and recently, I finally was able to purchase the DVD version of the film. It was unfortunate, that the, first vacuum cleaner cord scene of Kathy Najimy on DVD was partially cut. Hopefully, Disney will re-release the movie with all the wonderful scenes
044100590X|4.0|This book is considered one of the best SF works ever written....and deservedly so.  I will tell you right now that this novel is not one to pick up for light weekend reading.  You have to be READY for it.  If not, you will grow bored and tired of it really quickly.  As for myself, I really liked the book.  I was seduced into reading it by a friend of mine who is an obsessive DUNE fan.  I think the characters and general plot lines are well developed, and both the intellectual and &quot;fly by night&quot; reader can find something enjoyable within the book's covers.  However, I believe that Herbert took a little too long in developing the plot in exchange for going off on heavy philosophical tangents.  I found myself, at several points, having to put the book down and do some real thinking before I could come back to it.  Also, it seems that about two-thirds of the way through the book, Herbert realized he had to pick up the action, and the end of the book seems to be hurried along.  Not that I am complaining!  The action at the end is the best part of the novel...and Paul's quote near the end about &quot;love tempering wisdom&quot; has to be one of the most effective lines ever written in literature.  With all that said, DUNE is a great novel.  You should give it a try....you might find yourself reading the other 5 originals and the new series by Brian Herbert and Kevin Anderson.
B000002H2H|5.0|When I first heard Metallica, I was like 8. I saw 'One' on Muchmusic one night, just browsing channels. Little did I know, that I would later be a huge fan of this band with a video I didn't really understand (it rhymes, and yes, it's a corny line).<br />Anywho, Metallica's RTL album is definitely one of their best. Although millions say that Master Of Puppets, AJFA, my personal fave, or the Black album are the best, RTL, like these others, has an incredible sound that truly brings out the best of this Heavy Metal band.<br />Fight Fire With Fire; the first track. Leading in with the famous 'soft' opening riffs, this song flys into a heavy, fast paced song that almost never lets up. A very good choice to start things off. <br />Next is the title track, Ride The Lightning. Much like 'Fire', it is fast paced and heavy, although it seems to slow a bit at the bridge, another Metallica trait. Still, one wicked track.<br />The next two songs, For Whom The Bell Tolls, and Fade to Black, possibly the two best songs on the album. For Whom the Bell Tolls is like AC-DC's Hells Bells, for the only reason that they have the bells. This track has excellent lyrics, a very eerie riff and excellent drums. Quite possibly, the best song off the album. But, wait, there's more...<br />Fade to Black. If you are a die-hard Metallica fan, you'll know that the band pretty much re-invented Metal Ballads. Here's one of many. Fade is all around an excellent song, the intro is especially catchy. This ballad brings out the best in Metallica, and, personally, sends chills down my back. Along with For Whom The Bell Tolls, the two songs are the best off this album. But, it's only half over.<br />Trapped Under Ice, fast paced, heavy, and, well, unnoticed, for the most. This song, which opens with a solo, unlike the others, not only completes the Black Magic combo, Fire( Fight Fire With Fire), Lightning (Ride The Lightning) and, of course Ice (Trapped Under Ice), but also plays out much like Fire andLightning, fast paced through and through, and heavy. This particular track, seems to have a couple solos in it, courtesy of Kirk Hammet. A track worth listening to.<br />Then, as we wind down, Escape comes in. Escape plays out slower than the other tracks, and sounds like RTL, if it were slowed down a bit, the way the lyrics sound. Escape, in my opinion, is kind of just filler. It does have its strong points, but its not a song I'm particularly fond of. However, the riffs and drums sound good, so, please, don't pass this track by. <br />The last song with lyrics, Creeping Death, opens fast, with very good drums. This song has very good drumming, and for this album, it is the best of any song. But, hat my opinion. Good riffs, and good lyrics. Also a great track, but which one isn't? Fast paced and heavy, like most of the songs, its an excellent way to wind down the album, although, I would've swapped its place with Escape.<br />The end to this exceptional musical masterpiece, is the instrumental, The Call of Ktulu. Many fans say that it is, not a very good instrumental. Clocking in at nearly nine minutes, who could blame people for not finding it that good? Well, I find it is a very good instrumental. The guitars create some very good sounds to give this instrumental a little bit of an evil edge, something that adds to the track. Drumming sounds a little bit like the rest of the album, as far as the way they are played, not by their sound. Ktulu winds the album down slowly, while still keeping a fast paced sound to it. It isn't so heavy though. But, nonetheless, it brings perfect closure to the album. <br />8 tracks of some of the finest Heavy Metal music can be found on this album. If you are a Metallica fan, new or old, grab this album. You won't be sorry...
B0000C0FJB|5.0|I bought the cd and the dvd, Rush continues to blow me away, they are masterful in their musicianship, and although they've been around for a few years, they continue to strive for only the best for their fans, Great DVD, great CD, legendary band, a rush fan forever!
1400049628|5.0|If someone can't see the humor in this book they should be put in a cell with zombies. I am not a big reader but i got this book less then a week ago and i am done, i love this book
0385504209|4.0|I have read other books by Dan Brown and it seems he has a formula to his plots. Don't read the rest of this if you don't want to spoil the book. The formula goes like this: guy &amp; a hot chick find something in the earth shattering category and have to tell the world about it. The guy and girl are being chased by a bad guy lackey for said item that could shatter the world. The bad guy lackey is actually being controlled by the person who they run to for help early on/mid way in the book.<br />I do like his books but since I discovered this pattern, I read them for the details he puts in.
B00004ZAV3|5.0|i dont know why some people dont like this cd.  The beatles are a great band, and almost everything they do is good.  This is a great cd with some of the best songs in my opionion- hey jude, day tripper, and a hard days night.
B000001IQH|5.0|If bands like Blink 182 and Sum 41 have made you lose faith that punk has lived on, you need to buy this album. Anything by this band is essential!
B000063DI9|4.0|I am not a Iron Maiden fan and I don't like most of their albums! Iron Maiden have some songs that I enjoy to listen for exemple Aces High and Fear of the Dark. Still, this album is a really good and I almost buy it. There are nine songs and almost all are terrific! This album sounds are brighter and more variable than Maiden has ever been. Moonchild is a fine opening track allthought its chorus lacks.( 3-/5) Infinite Dreams sounds almost perfect heavy rock song which middle part shows Harris musical skills.(5/5) Can I Play With Madness is a guaranteed Maiden material with hooky chorus ( 4-/5) Evil That Men Do is a great song ( 4/5) Seventh Son of a Sevent Son is long tracks that has many good parts ( 4/5) Prophecy is a little bit boorin but workable song ( 3/5) Clairvoyant is one of the Maiden classics with brilliant quitar riff!( 4/5) Only the Good Die Young ends this album its own interesting way and with great style ( 4/5)
B000002UC5|5.0|wow...when i first heard &quot;That would be something&quot; i tought that is some lost Elvis Presley blues jam!!! <BR>whole album is charming and amateurish - that only gives much more Human vibes to all tracks - no sytnhs no polished production - only mostly acoustic instruments and Paul's voice...&quot;teddy boy&quot; is amazing beatless left-over and so &quot;Man we was lonely&quot; (with country feeling)<BR>&quot;Maybe i'm amazed&quot; is pure Paul Classic that even now gets it's place on all of his live concerts.<br />Overall for Paul Begginer fans that maybe shocking album because of poor production and mostly amateurish arranges but believe me - it is true music from heart!
0385504209|4.0|Robert Langdon = Kevin Spacey (looks a little like Dan Brown?)<br />Sophie: Juliette Binoche<br />Silas, the albino = bulked up Dennis Hurley<br />Teabring, The Teacher - Lee Evans I (Something About Mary fame)<br />Bishop = Alfred Molina<br />French Police Capt = David Suchet (previously mentioned Hercule Poirot actor)<br />Grandpa? = distinguished older French Actor... hmmm Jean-Pierre L&eacute;aud???
B000005RT8|5.0|this is as far the most strange and excentric McCArtney album ever.he closed himself in a studio with sythesisers,guitar,drums and bass and have recorded such a wierd muisic like this.of course there are some of his more typical songs like &quot;Waterfalls&quot;,&quot;One of these days&quot; or &quot;Summer day song&quot; but the rest is Acid-jazz,electro,psychedelic funk,techno experiments (&quot;front parlour&quot;,&quot;Frozen jap&quot;,&quot;Tempoprary secretary&quot;,&quot;Secret friend&quot;)...<BR>it all ends up with nice disco parody &quot;Goodnight tonight&quot;.<BR>a must have for Macca fans and for everyone with open brains.
B00005221L|5.0|Predator still holds up as a top notch action film.  Actually, it's even more satisying than most action films today, despite the bigger budgets and more resources such films now carry.  This is easily one of Arnold's best movies.<br />Directed by John McTiernan (before he would go on to helm two Die Hard movies) Predator begins with an elite squad of American commandos travelling to the jungles of South America to rescue some politicians who have been captured by terrorists.  These scenes are great.  It's pure Arnold 80s action as he and his crew of professional maniacs blast their way through the jungle.  Arnold has quality one liners, Jesse 'The Body' Ventura carries a minigun that is the most effective defoliation tool I've seen in a long time, and none other than Apollo Creed straps on a gun as well.<br />Then the second part of the movies comes when Arnold finds the grisly, skinned remains of other American soldiers.  Looks like there's more than terrorists around, and before long the men are being picked off by an unseen enemy that is actually a seriously ugly but tough alien that's come to earth for hunting season.<br />We never learn much about the predator (and neither do the soldiers) but it doesn't matter because the film moves at a fast clip and the action is bloody and exciting.  Along the way the men pick up a woman who has seen the jungle 'come alive' and kill one of the men in a tense sequence; the predator can cloak his moves and disguise himself as the jungle.<br />This is a great example of a pure action movie where you're not asked to think about it too long (and it's probably advisable that you don't.)  I mean, given the advantages of the predator--the size, the strength, the speed, the cloaking, the weaponry, including a shoulder mounted laser guided gun--you wonder why he would come all the way to earth to hunt.  And to think these are trained soldiers and they don't put up much of a fight.<br />Except for the Governator.  It doesn't take long for Arnold to become shirtless and smeared in mud as he dukes it out with the predator, shouting classic lines like &quot;C'mon!  DO IT!&quot;<br />The movie has many recommendation points, but honestly, it's not like you'll pick this one up by accident.  You're in for a fast, bloody, well made and well acted action film that delivers the goods.  The supporting cast is strong as well, including Shane Black (the screenwriter(!)), and Sonny Landham as Billy, the connected-to-the-Earth American Indian who is in touch with the alien's moves early on.<br />This movie gets a solid DVD treatment in the sound and picture department, but this is a movie that begs for extras.  I have no doubt a Special Edition will appear one day.<br />Highly recommended for action (and Arnold fans).long for Arnold to become shirtless and smeared in mud as he dukes it out with the predator, shouting classic lines like &quot;C'mon!  DO IT!&quot;<br />The movie has many recommendation points, but honestly, it's not like you'll pick this one up by accident.  You're in for a fast, bloody, well made and well acted action film that delivers the goods.  The supporting cast is strong as well, including Shane Black (the screenwriter(!)), and Sonny Landham as Billy, the connected-to-the-Earth American Indian who is in touch with the alien's moves early on.<br />This movie gets a solid DVD treatment in the sound and picture department, but this is a movie that begs for extras.  I have no doubt a Special Edition will appear one day.  <br />Highly recommended for action (and Arnold fans).
6305949980|5.0|You'll love this movie! Tim Burton is a genious! Jack, the Pumpkin King of Halloween Town, will capture your heart and take you on an adventure like no other! The Nightmare Before Christmas will instantly become a Halloween tradition for you and it's a movie everyone in the family will enjoy and love! This is a definite must have!!!
B0000AXE8I|1.0|I thought this movie was like a run on sentance, to much and no meaning, was boring compared to the first one!  to much time with fight scenes and the worse part was the ending, you have to watch this one to know how it ends, I guess this is how they sell a movie they make that they know might not be a hit to the public, so they have a back up the ending one. Well, I hate being led on. But anyway, im sure some people will like it, but in my opinion I could have watched just about anything else and would have been entertained..
B00007AJF9|4.0|I have seen this film twice; once at the cinema and once on video. I think it is a very good film, but not the type you would like to watch many times. I believe the director has tried to make the film as authentic as possible, and the days of Elizabeth I were very hard. People were cruel to one another, and this is portrayed in the film. Still, the filmmakers have not speculated about the violence, it is just that if you are going to make an authentic film of the days of Elizabeth I, it is difficult to leave out the gruesome parts.<br />In 'Elizabeth' we meet a princess, and later on, a queen, in her twenties. During these years she had to fight to stay alive, and to keep her throne and country. It is an interesting film for those who want to know more about Queen Elizabeth and her era. <BR>Just make sure the kids are in bed, before you watch this video!
B00000K19E|3.0|With almost 3000 reviews out there nothing more needs to be said on the plot of this film. Therefore I will limit my review to the contents of the DVD that I viewed.<br />The DVd contains an arsenal of special features some betteer than others. In addition to the film we get two feature length commentaries. The first is by the special effects designer and the editor with additional comments by Carrie Anne Moss. This is standard fare commentary with lots of dead time as the film runs. The two crew members discuss the concept and have a rather lengthy discussion on &quot;bullet time.&quot; The discussion is rather complicated but interesting nevertheless. Ms. Moss chimes in rarely to discuss scenes in which she was a principal.<br />The second commentary is more interesting. This is a music only track with commentary by composer Don Davis. He discusses the score and its creation and integration with other non-source material. It is interesting to watch the film in this fashion as one does not always get a sense of the great deal of music involved in the film.<br />The usual making of special is included and runs around 26 minutes. This is a better than average production special and is well worth a look. Also included are two &quot;hidden&quot; featurettes  called &quot;What is the Concept&quot; containing original conceptual drawings and &quot;What is Bullet Time&quot; containing a deeper discussion of the special effects created using the virtual camera system designed for the film.<br />&quot;Follow the White Rabbit&quot; allows the viewer to see an extended version of the film with nine production featurettes included that deal with the creation of the special effects and fight sequences.<br />All in all this is a very well made DVD which serves to enhance the viewing experience of a film that is rapidly becoming a classic.
B0000B3FCX|5.0|Wow, this album from nickelback is thier best and is 1 of the best rock cd's ever. I have no favorate song but if i had to chosse it would be a mix up between &quot;Someday&quot; and &quot;Do this anymore&quot;. Every song is very good and any song could make a good single. I suggest and rock/alternative fans pick this up at your local Cd store or buy it from here(plus its pretty cheap). There is nothing else to say.
0385504209|3.0|I thought that this was a very well written book. It's full of interesting riddles, puzzles and intrigue; it's a real page turner. Dan Brown obviously knew that he'd sell a lot of books when he wrote about such a controversial topic.<br />The danger in this book lies in the fact that some people might read this book and be tempted to think that some of it is true.<br />The author has put in just enought \\"facts\\" that people might somehow think there could be truth in this.<br />I spent more time researching the subject matter in this book than I did reading it; far more. I suggest that anyone who is tempted to believe the premise of this book should do the same.<br />I don't want to wreck any part of this book for someone who hasn't read it yet; but I think it's important to put out there one of the many pieces of research I found.<br />The main person this book revolves around is Mary Magdalene. The author states that she is portrayed in the Bible as a prostitute and how this is a cruel thing that man has done to degrade her and women etc. etc. If Dan Brown would have bothered to even pick up a Bible when he was doing all of his so called research he would have found out this major point of his book was totally false.<br />Within two minutes of picking up a Bible that has a concordance and looking up Mary Magdalene, you will find out the Mary who was the prostitute, (who washed Jesus' feet with her hair) is NOT even Mary Magdalene. They are two different people. This is only one of the many incorrect suppositions in this book. I couldn't possibly list them all the the 1,000 words I'm allowed for this review.<br />I don't want to make more of this book than what it's supposed to be, but I guess I'm disturbed by the number of people on here and the internet who have said 'this book makes them think that there could be some truth to this.'<br />The only thing people should be thinking is true about this book is that it's an entertaining piece of fiction.<br />And for the record, I have bought literally hundreds of books from Amazon and have never written a review. I usually have no trouble separating fact from fiction. I am not having trouble separating it in this book. I'm troubled by people who may. This book is receiving a tremendous amount of press and apparently some people have found enough small truths in this book to get them thinking the rest of it might be true also. Please take this book for what it is, FICTION.I have bought literally hundreds of books from Amazon and have never written a review. I usually have no trouble separating fact from fiction. I am not having trouble separating it in this book. I'm troubled by people who may. This book is receiving a tremendous amount of press and apparently some people have found enough small truths in this book to get them thinking the rest of it might be true also. Please take this book for what it is, FICTION.
B0000029GA|5.0|Nas Has to be the best rapper ever. I bought Stillmatic before i bought this and I thought it was off the hook, but then I listened to this and thought this had to be one of the best Rap CD's ever. I can't really rate the 10 individual songs, cause they all have some tight lyrics(Nas has to be the best lyricist out there), but little beats but this is still bangin'. My favorite song is Life's A B####, and my other favorite is Halftime, but i'm tellin you now, this is truly a Hip-Hop Classic just like Stillmatic, they both are classics. if you haven't got these yet get them now!
B00000I5Y6|3.0|The original issue of this album, released in 1984, was attrocious. It contained the big hits (Wayward Son, Dust, Hold On) and a few key album rock staples (Point of Know Return, Song for America and The Wall). But the rest of the album was devoted to dire tracks from their 1980s output: The generic hard rock of Fight Fire With Fire, Play the Game Tonight and No One Together, and a perfectly dreadful &quot;previously unreleased&quot; track, Perfect Lover. Their first three albums, surely their most artistically accomplished (if not most commercial) were represented by the lone track &quot;Song for America&quot;. In essence, this seemed a desperate effort to paint the group as still vital by placing undue focus on their then-recent output.<br />In a word: Worthless.<br />This reissue, in addition to modest improvement in fidelity, gooses the track list to make it much more palatable. The terrible Perfect Lover has been jettisoned completely, and in its place we get three new additions: The Pinnacle (from Masque), The Devil Game (from Song For America) and Closet Chronicles (from Point of Know Return). The album is now a far better balanced view of Kansas' career. There are still many more excellent tracks from their first five albums that could have been used in place of the 1980s filler (and surely one track from the not-completely-horrible Monolith could have been included), but this isn't bad.
B0000AXE8I|5.0|The 2nd chapter of the greatest meta-physical puzzle ever put on film.  <br />&quot;See ya tomorrow.&quot;  The first words that hint at the finale awaiting us.<br />&quot;Oh my God.&quot; Enter Trinity flying on a cycle to her fate.<br />Beautifully filmed without flinching from its purpose.  The Matrix scenes remain green tinged contrasted against the warm hues of Zion.  Cool consumerism against fellowship.  The quest of Neo and now Smith.  Their strength grows but their balance remains.<br />Simply the best effects on celluiod.  Where LOTR the ring fails with its flat predictable imagery, Matrix challenges all directions of space.  LOTR and the Two Towers all have deep endless backgrounds over and over like the old movie matte paintings.  Flat boring predictable duds fill the LOTR imagery.  That eyeball is so flat it looks like a flag caught in a breeze. It is without menace.  Matrix flies up down and on an angle.  Motorcycle jumps, flying with air drag, distance, black on black.  It is so lush you could easily be seduced by the Matrix.  We are humbled by the Brothers W.'s greatness.  Thank you.....
B000063UR1|4.0|Hailed by some as one of the best science-fiction movies of the 1970s, Silent Running is a quirky, unique movie that conveys a serious ecological message in an unforgettable manner.  To be honest, I had never heard of this movie before, but the premise of the film intrigued me, as did the knowledge that a prominent special effects man for 2001: A Space Odyssey, Douglas Trumbull, directed it.  Almost despite itself, the movie moved me in places, and I ended up quite enjoying it, even though there are many things about it I didn't particularly like.  Many would consider this a boring movie, I am sure, as there are no fierce battles fought or alien beings threatening to destroy mankind. Silent Running is a thinking man's science-fiction film that succeeds or fails on its compelling storyline alone.<br />The story takes place some time in earth's near future, at a time when all plant life has been destroyed on the planet in some unexplained way; America's last forest land still exists, however - millions of miles out in space on board the Valley Forge.  The ship carries along several huge geodesic domes filled with trees, flowers, garden plants, etc., along with much of the animal life that goes with them.  A crew of four mans the ship, with the help of a number of mechanical drones, but only one, Freeman Lowell (Bruce Dern) really cares about the forests in his care.  We first meet the other three crew members racing willy-nilly around the ship in jeep like go-carts, thinking nothing of trampling a bunch of flowers or taking shortcuts through the grass.  In person, they are even less likeable, making fun of Lowell's idealism and basically harrumphing on their own belief that the forests have no importance whatsoever.  Lowell himself starts off on the wrong foot, in my opinion, in terms of the audience's reaction to him.  The man is a wide-eyed zealot seemingly about two steps away from madness of a dangerous kind; I agreed with everything he said about the importance of the forests, but his words are somewhat lost on the listener (and the crew) because he is simply annoying in his fanaticism.  His mood doesn't improve when the crew gets word that they are to destroy the forests and return home to commercial service.  Freeman can't handle such a decision, so he does what he feels he must in order to save the last vestige of earth's forests still in existence.<br />The second half of the film revolves solely around Freeman, as he is basically stranded in space with his forest.  His only companions are (originally) three drones, and in my opinion these little robotic guys steal the show.  This is a 1971 film, so the drones are by no means technologically exotic, yet these things do have their own personalities; there are a couple of especially poignant moments with the drones that I would like to have seen explored on their own terms, but this would have wandered a little too far afield from the premise of the film.  The ending is actually quite touching and, perhaps more importantly, it feels right to this viewer.<br />There is certainly a strong undercurrent of allegory working in this storyline.  Freeman's fellow crew members represent society at large; their lack of concern for the forests and dismissal of any ecological cares at all are meant to be a condemnation of contemporary society's uncaring and unthinking attitude toward ecology on the planet.  Freeman is an evangelical fanatic on the subject, a voice crying in a wilderness that may not survive much longer if things continue as they are; up until the very end, he does not give up hope, though, and that is the inspirational message that stays with the viewer after the movie ends.  It's a rather somber and depressing movie for the most part, yet I, who would not call myself an environmentalist of any kind, was touched both emotionally and intellectually by the film.  Freeman and his crewmates represent the extreme weights on both sides of the environmentalism/commercialismscale, and it is up to us, the viewers, to find a way to balance those opposing weights on our home planet.ialism scale, and it is up to us, the viewers, to find a way to balance those opposing weights on our home planet.
B000000OTU|5.0|Big Ones is just the best of Aerosmith during there Geffen Years, but with three new songs. &quot;Walk On Water&quot; &quot;Blind Man&quot; and &quot;Dueces Wild&quot; were three new songs recorded for this collection, and all three of them are good, 'Dueces Wild' went on to be a big hit, the other two didnt do as well. Big Ones has all the big hits from Permanent Vacation, Pump, and Get A Grip which were Aerosmiths three biggest selling albums of all time, and for good reason they are the most commecial Aerosmith ever got, but even Aerosmith tring to be commercial is good. I like this because it is the only Aerosmith collection to not suck, it doesnt really leave anything off, but I wish they would have put 'Monkey On My Back' on here but then again it really wasnt a big hit, but it still kicks ass. This has it all 'Angel' 'Love In An Elevator' and 'Eat The Rich' you cant got wrong with this, so pick it up. Though you really should get the albums to because as we all know greatest hits are evil!
B00005NGAL|5.0|This is a terrific musical. I am one who enjoys musicals, but my husband does not. However, Cats is so great, even my husband loved it. I sent a copy to my grandchildren as this seemed to be good choice for introducing them to a new [to them] music genre. These girls, ages 3 &amp; 6, loved it. If you like Cats, look/listen to other material by Andrew Lloyd Webber. The man is a genius. Sara Brightman, with a small part in Cats, is also terrific. She starred in ALW's musical, Phantom of the Opera, also wonderful; she has individual CDs that are beautiful.<br />This version of Cats was recorded for DVD release &amp; used a larger orchestra than the Broadway version. If you think you might enjoy a good musical at all, then buy this one. It really is superb.
B00009TB5G|5.0|Few movies are able to overcome the middle-movie syndrome, i.e., the second installment in a three part movie.  Star Wars: The Empire Strikes Back comes to mind as the few movies that succeeded.  The Godfather Part 2 gave us insights into the origins of Vito Corleone and was an excellent 2nd movie.<BR>The trick really is to tell a story in the middle movie without it seeming as an excuse to get to the third movie.  Really the Matrix Reloaded was a prime example of a movie that was just an excuse to get to the third movie.  <BR>The Two Towers (TTT) does admirably here in continuing the story setup in the first film which was about a little hobbit's quest to destroy the one ring in the fires of Mount Doom.  But more importantly, The Two Towers introduces the viewers to the real story of the LOTR and that is the slow but sure rise of Aragon to his rightful place as heir to the throne of Gondor and the redemption of men.  This aspect is really important and therefore it deserved a movie to weed it out and sets the tone nicely for the Return of The King.<br />More action than the first film, and with much less fantasy elements and Gimli the dwarf providing comic relief, TTT succeeds on all counts what it started out to do and tries also to bring some sort of continuation to the Arwen and Aragon love story and throwing a triangle in the mix with Eowyn who will play more important parts in the third part.  The film seemed slightly rushed with certain parts of the story not fleshed out properly. (Faramir's behaviour and background) The extended edition should fill in the gaps properly as long as you are willing to sit through 3 hours 42 minutes of it.  The film ends with the grand battle at Helm's Deep between Saruman's forces and the human forces with a surprise ally that really serves to tug the heart-strings a bit.  But I guess the biggest bone of contention was that my heart-strings were not tugged as much as when I saw the first movie, where there were moments of encouragement, inspiration and life lessons to be learnt along the way.<BR>Highly recommended.
B000002572|4.0|Boston's self-titled debut album is classic in every sense of the word. Although personally I give it 4 Stars because Quality-Wise these songs aren't up to the level of their second album. That's a minority opinion for sure, feel free to disagree.     1976 was a Great year for Hard Rock album releases. Thin Lizzy's \\"Johnny The Fox\\" and \\"Jailbreak\\", Aerosmith's \\"Rocks\\", Heart's \\"Dreamboat Annie\\", Judas Priest's \\"Sad Wings of Destiny\\", \\"Frampton Comes Alive\\"...and \\"Boston\\" is no exception.     Tom Scholz was born in Toledo, Ohio (Anita Baker, Katie Holmes, Gloria Steinem, and Jamie Farr were also born there) he traveled Eastward to attend the prestigious Massachusetts Institute of Technology. He graduated from there with a Masters Degree in Mechanical Engineering and was able to land a Job at the Polaroid corporation, whose Headquarters is located a few miles from my house. To ease the tension of Long work days he learned how to play the guitar as a hobby, and soon joined a local band. He also applied the knowledge from his education to Recording techniques as well.     Fran Sheehan was a native of the North Shore, an area which is few miles up the coast. He played Bass and used to know David Lee Roth when he briefly lived in the state.     Coincedently, one of Fran's friends Brad Delp was a gifted vocalist.     Well eventually Bassist Fran Sheehan, Guitarist Tom Scholz, and vocalist Brad Delp teamed up and recruited Second guitarist Barry Goodreau and drummer Sib Hashian.     At one point they christened themselves after the city they're all familiar with and Boston was born. And the band inked a deal with Epic Records.     For Recording their debut album, Tom Scholz took helm over the production boards and the resulting sound was remarkable for it's time. It is richly layered, and clean sounding. Analog equipment was used, obviously this was pre-digital-era. Still to this day Tom Swears by Analog equipment. The Rest of the Band members weren't to be outdone, they all put forth exceptional performances. In my opinion Boston were a band greater than the sum of it's parts. The Magic was due to a collaborative group effort, unlike what Tom Scholz says that he was fully responsible.     The Cover painting is Awesome, it shows the Guitar Spaceship in it's simplest form though I still like the followups cover art better. The liner notes are fine, there is only a sentence worth of thank-you's but a great essay about the Band's sound and past history makes up for it. Information on Who played what and where the album was mixed/recorded is also present.     In my hometown This band is quite celebrated, so much so that every song off this album receives heavy airplay on the Classic Rock Stations. And that's not without merit either.     This is one of the best selling debut albums in American history, and each succeeding generation discovers it. My first exposure to this band was in 1996 when My dad was closing up shop at work and \\"More than a Feeling\\" was played; I was instantly hooked. Then I acquired an old dubbed tape copy of this album in late '97. In December 2001 I purchased the Compact Disc.     The album begins in the form of the aforementioned \\"More Than A Feeling\\". The opening notes are played Gently on an aoustic guitar which sedgeways into the verses and a belting wail begins the chorus, during which the Guitars drive the whole song. The Guitar solo gives me a real Patriotic/Americana feel and I'm not sure why, maybe cuz it was originally released around the time of the Bicentennial (America's 200th Birthday). I've been overly critical of the Bush administration but no matter where I am or what I'm doing the solo makes me proud to be an American. Depending on where you live some of these songs might not be heard on the radio, but \\"More Than a Feeling\\" has one of the most recognizable riffs in Rock history so you're bound to hear it.     \\"Piece Of Mind\\" is an intelligent but enjoyable song about the Mad Dash for Job Success,and it has a message of denouncing the 'He who dies with the most toys wins\\" philosophy, cuz you still die. The vocals are very melodic.     Next up we have an instrumental called \\"Foreplay\\". An Organ and can be heard and it stalks alongside the Bass til Sib Hashians drums kick in. He had talent, when listening it seems like he had 3 arms. He lets up and things quiet down, immediately tying into \\"Long Time\\". On this song it's the third time so far that the Acoustic Guitar-to-Electric shift is utiliZed. The Organ backs the main verses. There's the sound of hands clapping during the chorus which occurs 3 times, the last one being my favorite because the Guitar is crisp and distorted. Depending on your musical leanings it may be heavy enough to rock your socks off! Great Stuff!     My least favorite song on the album would have to be \\"Rock N' Roll band\\". That's not saying it's a clunker by any stretch, just the opening riff sounds a bit undeveloped, the idea was later refined on the track off \\"Don't Look Back' called \\"Feelin Satisfied\\". Anyways the lyrics tell the story of Rags to Riches. And the crowd noise thrown into the mix was a nice touch. The Tempo really accelarates for \\"Smokin\\" a fun rollicking boogie.     \\"Hitch A Ride\\" embodies Melodic Hard Rock to a T. A pleasant acoustic intro, great lyrics such as \\"Life Is like The coldest winter/People freeze the tears I cry\\". A \\"feeling\\" exists throughout. At the 1:26 past mark an amazing time signature occurs. The Guitar Solo which ends the song is so enchanting it warms my heart. The Claps return for a second and last time to bid us aideiu. I might have heard this song before but it didn't stick with me until Early 2000 after a Radio Spin, then over 18 months the carpenters across the street were playing it. This song is so powerful and it struck me in such a particular way that I had to finally buy the CD. Another memory I have is in March 2002 I Attended a close friend of mines 18th birthday party and had a blast. There was plenty of Beer to go around, I Stopped at 3 bottles but everyone else got drunk. Afterwards \\"Hitch A Ride\\" played in my mind.     The soaring dual guitar harmonies of Tom Scholz and Barry Goodreau are showcased on \\"Something About You\\". The lyrics take on heartfelt and sentimental fare which worksd well for Brad Delp's Golden voice.     \\"Let Me Take You Home Tonight\\" closes the album in folk-y fashion. This song has taken a severe beating from it's detractors but I love it. They say it doesn't sound like the previous 7 tracks but I don't see that as bad. A little variety never hurts aything! Only helps! The song's theme is very relatable to all, desire for a special someone. The Drums and Bass intensify towards the end and speed up, of course not as fast as Speed Metal but Rapid by Boston standards. They say it creates a HoeDown feeling.      Boston's Debut is a worthy addition to the Music shelf, and worth the price you'll pay.
B0000DBJDM|5.0|I just received this item a few days ago.  Let me start by saying this is one of my favorite movies ever.  I've seen the origional version of this movie probably 20 times, the only other movie I've seen more than this is Blade Runner.  I've owned this movie on VHS and Laserdisc before buying the DVD.  I love this movie that much!  I was a little disappointed at first, especially with Echoes Part 1.  I felt some of the changes didn't do much for the movie at first.  I felt some of the recent space animation was out of place for a movie which was 30 years old.  I felt there was older stock footage and animation which would have been more appropriate.  It took about 15 minutes but it finally grew on me.  I LOVE all the extra interview footage, especially the black and white footage.  I love all of the new footage which was shot specifically for this movie.  It's different but at least both versions of the movie are on the disc if you don't like the new version.  My only other problem was with Set The Controls For The Heart Of The Sun.  This is one song I feel could have benefitted more from new space footage.  Like I said, it's different but ultimately worth owning.
B0000C9V3T|5.0|this is the best soundtrack all year i have saw the film twice and cant stop humming the songs perfect cd to get your blood racing but dont listen to this while in your bed or you will be up all night lol<BR>worst song is he rap about oren-ishii
B0000AMRJC|3.0|I had not seen Brian DePalma's &quot;Scarface&quot; since I saw it in the theater 20 years ago.  What I thought I remembered from back then was that I absolutely loved it.  But having watched it a second time on the 20th anniversary DVD recently, it just didn't grab me that way.  Not even close.<br />I don't know if it was Al Pacino's over-the-top Cuban accent, the stiffness of Steven Bauer as his pal Manny or Mary Elizabeth Mastriantonio's fright wig of a hairdo, but Scarface didn't do it for me this time.  But I would guess that the primary reason is that it just seemed to move in slowwwww motion for me.  I've seen better stories with more action told in much less time in the 20 year period since this came out.  <br />I also agree with another viewer who doesn't get the rap persona this movie has and the heavy rap influence on the Bonus DVD (I understand that when this DVD was being planned, the studio wanted DePalma to replace some of the soundtrack in the movie with rap songs - DePalma wisely declined).  I just read an interview with a rapper who wants his life to be &quot;just like Scarface's&quot;.  Note to rapper - you need to watch the final 10-15 minutes of this movie again!<br />It's not horrible, but three hours that you could spend watching Pacino classics like either of the first two Godfather classics.
B000089RVR|5.0|awesome cd just wished it did not take as long to come out
B0000C0FJB|5.0|When I saw &quot;Rush in Rio&quot; at my local music store, my first reaction was &quot;Geez, another live album again?&quot;  My second reaction, of course, was to pick up a copy.  The second reaction was correct as this is a fantastic live performance.<br />The crowd in Rio was amazing.  It's been said in other reviews and by Neil Peart on his notes included in the CD, but hearing a crowd SING the guitar licks of &quot;YYZ&quot;, an INSTRUMENTAL, is innnnnncredible!  I have all of Rush's live CD's (this is the fifth one they've done if I am not mistaken) and this one blows them all away.  Great energy is exhibited by the trio of Lee, Lifeson and Peart and the audience was as pumped up for a concert as any I've heard on CD or live in concert, for that matter.  The sound is pretty good despite the problems encountered by the stage crew prior to the show (documented again in Peart's notes).  My only complaint about sound is that Lifeson's electric guitar sounds muddy on some of the the other instrumental cuts.  But it's a minor gripe.<br />The songs range from the early years of Rush (&quot;Working Man&quot;), through their years of achieving recognition (&quot;Spirit of Radio&quot;, &quot;Tom Sawyer&quot;), their techno phase (&quot;Red Sector A&quot;) through the present (four cuts from their latest studio CD).  A great mix for all Rush fans.<br />I also purchased the DVD that presents the visual concert in Rio. I haven't viewed it yet, but it will be interesting to see the crowd in action.  You should get both the CD for the car and the DVD for home!
B000021YQV|5.0|This is a great album by SOAD. I've had this cd for awhile now and its great to listen to when your mad. They blend a lot of great stuff in this album. Serj's voice is amazing. He can have a raging voice full of angst one minute, and the next have a soft,beautiful voice. This is more polished than their 1st album and the lyrics have matured and gotten better. Musicly though I'm still convinced that their self-titled album was better. It was a lot heavier and explosive. Not to say that this album isn't. They bring out all the stuff on here. They mix raging metal with Serj's powerful voice, to soft, lyricly amazing songs. You can't go wrong on this cd. The best songs are Deer Dance, Chop Suey, Science, Toxicity,Prison Song, and Forest. If you liked their 1st album you'll like this one. Now get out there and buy this CD!!!
B0000AOV85|4.0|If you want to know how the Dark Side was made see this DVD.<BR>This is one of essential Floydian collections.<BR><BR><BR>
B00008H2LB|5.0|I have been a fan of Linkin Park ever since I had first heard &quot;Hybrid Theory.&quot; The obvious thing to say after first listening to &quot;Meteora,&quot; the long-awaited follow-up, is that it's simply not as good as the first. This is what I thought too, until I realized just how much this band has grown. Meteora, like hybrid theory and reanimation, is one of those cd's that you never really get tired of listening to. The cd is very short, but the songs are so catchy and rememberable that I find myself coming back again and again. My favorite song by far on the cd is &quot;Numb,&quot; which I feel is a great way to end a stellar cd. Buy this, you won't be disappointed.
B0000AZJXQ|5.0|This next edition to APC's collection is a masterpiece, the first time I heard it I wasnt sure what I thought about it, even felt disappointed, but as I continued to listen to it, it became a daily ritual.  The additon of Manson's Bassist Jeordie is an excellent replacement to the previously loved Paz (especially his bass line on Weak and Powerless).<br />Like Tool with the release of Lateralus, A Perfect Circle proves that they have grown to new spiritual heights with A Thirteenth Step!
0385121679|5.0|Jack Torrence is struggling on the edge. A recovering alcoholic, Jack's teaching career was shot after he attacked a student who had vandelled his car. His marriage is strained to the limits, having injured his son, Danny, when on a drinking binge. Jack has been to rock bottom and is trying to claw his way back. The job at the Overlook seems to be just what Jack needs.<br />The Overlook is a majestic hotel, nestled deep in the Rockies. Closed for the winter, the hotel requires an off-season caretaker. Jack's old drinking buddy happened to have a seat on the board and pulled some strings to get him the position. For Jack, this job would be ideal. An opportunity to stay dry, to work on his unfinished play, and to try to mend his broken family.<br />But Jack's son has a gift and the hotel has a dark past and a life of its own.<br />Of the bajillion and one Stephen King novels in the world, this is likely the best. King is best when he is writing about his fears, and the pages of this book are ripe with them. Many of Kings later works seem strained... but this particular work is so raw and truthful. In the best tradition of American horror - a tradition King had a large hand in creating - the book takes a typical family and then throws them hip deep into the supernatural. The fear of the ghosts and creeps in this book are made all the more frightning as they're co-mingled with fears such as providing for the family, the fear of hurting a loved one, the fear of losing one's grip on reality.<br />And then there's the hotel.<br />Ranking with Jackson's Hill House or Matheson's Belasco House, the Overlook Hotel is one of the best realizations of the haunted house in American literature.<br />There have been two attempts to adapt the book to film. The first being Kubric's much ballyhoo'd adaptation, which I frankly didn't like much. The second being a made-for-tv adaptation, which came closer to the spirit of the book -if you'll pardon the pun- but still wasn't quite right.Do yourself a favour and give both films a miss and curl up in front of the fire with a nice cup of cocoa and a copy of The Shining.<br />Tragic gives this book 10 out of 10 bottles of redrum.
B0000C7GG2|5.0|This record is Muse.  For those people who insist in comparing Muse to Radiohead, Muse has answered you again, and in great style.  As much respect as one can have for Thom Yorke, Matt Bellamy is a genious.  Absolution is undoubtedly the best rock album this year, perhaps even of the past few years.  Right from the start, the Devon trio set out their stall, with the glorious Apocalypse Please, followed by the sleazy bass of Time is running out.  The rich sounds of Muse continue with the outstanding Sing for Absolution.  Stockholm Syndrome, Hysteria and TSP are rock monsters.  The gem in the album is without question Butterflies and Hurricanes.  Upon hearing it, you can only listen in awe to the prodigious talent that is Matt Bellamy.  Only he can produce such flair and brilliance.  <BR>  This album is essential if you are a music lover.  Muse have added a new dimension to their music, effectively taking the rock mould and shredding it.  They have taken music by the scruff of the neck and re-invented it.
B000089RVR|5.0|Dido's second album is similar in structure and tone to her first but the songs seem a bit more personalized on this release. While there is a pervasive melancholy throughout Life for Rent, there is still a ray of hope shining through. Overall, this disc holds together nicely and is musically lovely in places. Dido's subtle voice has a folksy integrity which gives these songs credibility. For me, the stand out tracks include &quot;White Flag&quot;, &quot;Life For Rent&quot; &quot;Sand in My Shoes&quot;, and &quot;Dont Leave Home&quot;. A strong and compelling album.
0060930187|5.0|When I read Sylvia's story for the first time I could feel her pain!<BR>Her descriptions of all the hospital tortures she went through made me wince.<BR>I reccomend that if you have any idea of who Sylvia Plath was that you read her novel, in her own words. It will move you.
0140277447|5.0|Since the review space has essentially been transformed into a forum of Japanese apologists, I think my contribution to the polemic mess won't hurt. I read the book with the preconception that there was 300,000 casualties in the \\"rape,\\" and that was without both Chinese and Japanese revisionary efforts. The book was poignant in the illustration of pretermitted Chinese suffering (and in the context of broader Pacific Asia suffering as well in a Western-centric world). The quantitative sector of the history I'm not particularly concerned for. If it's 300,000, it's plaintively tragic; if it's 100,000, it's 'still' horribly lamentable.<br />Japanese apologists -- take a cue from the vast majority of Germans. Avouch the atrocities and at least feel penitence for the past conduct of your nation. You were not personally involved (or hell, maybe not even your family), so don't marginalize yourself by post half a dozen feedbacks of disavowals regurgitating the same thing. It only makes you look more guilty.<br />Now, speaking of Nanjing's population numbers -- I would 'at least' deem the 'post-occupation' population numbers from \\"kent\\" and such of Nanjing to be somewhat suspect. Who was taking the census (and for that reason why)? Oh yeah, the Japanese.
B00005JLCI|5.0|This is one of the best films I have ever seen.  Kenneth Branagh has made some wonderful films including Othello and Henry V (not to mention his role in Mary Shelley's Frankenstein) and they were excellent, but Hamlet takes the cake.  His acting is truly representative of the Shakespearean era and he chooses other great actors/actresses who complement his work as well.  So hurry up and release this on DVD!
B000002VCQ|4.0|If there was only one word to explain Whitney Houston debut album, the word will be: POP.  Her debut album was her most succesful selling LP ever, and the 10 tracks that were gathered here are just well crafted POP jewels.  Pretty far from any early influence she had from New York street sounds or Baptist Church choir gospel music, Clive Davis decided to launch Whitney as a mega-POP artist that would appeal to a wider audience, specially adult contemporary, although was a smash POP hit that stand the title of classic like it or not, felt a little short to become an R&amp;B classic,  in fact it wasn't that well receive in urban radio airplay.  But after all the music stand and the tracks say it all, &quot;Saving All My Love&quot;  a rendition to love affair, &quot;How Will I Know&quot; the eternal question? of if somebody loves us?, &quot;Greatest Love Of All&quot; the most classical uplifting song ever perform by every American Idol fan, &quot;Thinking About You&quot; the R&amp;B song of the album, &quot;All At Once&quot; a simply pleasure, and others, although sometimes sounds dated, this album stand up as a a classic.
1573226521|3.0|Summary review on The Beach<br /> The main character is Richard (the protagonist) where he travels to Asia and he finds this French couple. They talk to this elderly guy and they get this map from him, and the map showed them the way to this oasis, some hidden beach. This is the main focus of the film where a civilization free from the confines of the modern world has troubles dealing with the public eye. I feel the plotline shares this dramatized civilization hiding from the public yet; their lives are still surviving through this hidden beach. I feel this sense of urgency when Richard (the Protagonist) and the entire civilization try to survive and live on this beach without being harmed by the Vietnamese rebels. Because the area surrounding them has fields of illegal weed and they cannot step foot in it or they will come and kill them. If they leak a word out to the government, the fields might be burned out, so the rebels will not make that easy illegal money by selling it to other buyers. And none of this is helped by the fact that Richard himself has given away the location of the island to some other travelers. If he does like I said there will be a lot of tension between the community and the rebels. After reading through many chapters I don't feel Richard as the main character doing anything that harms the community, but he tries very hard to fit in with the group. I feel his character in the novel gives him a lot of love and support from the other members of the close net community. This novel is recommended, because this book offers a whole new genre of young adult reading. But also check out the movie out for a different perspective. But you should read your novel first, because there are morals to the story that will amaze you to the very end.
B000002H5I|5.0|Tracy Chapman debut album has become one of those classic albums you can't get enough...so well constructed, such an amazing lyrics driven, I can remember listening to this album before goin' into bed when I was 9 years old...I thought Tracy was a man...but then...she has such a magestic voice and a gifted talent to write songs, this debut should be consider her masterpiece,  many highlights songs are crowded here, it's not fare to say that some are better than other, but for their meaning and their touch &quot;Talkin Bout A Revolution&quot;, &quot;Fast Car&quot;, &quot;Across The Lines&quot;, &quot;Behind The Wall&quot;, &quot;Baby Can I Hold You&quot; stand out, this is a classical album that still sells like a new record, great owning......
1573226521|3.0|The main character is Richard (the protagonist) where he travels to Asia and he finds this French couple. They talk to this elderly guy and they get this map from him, and the map showed them the way to this oasis, some hidden beach. This is the main focus of the film where a civilization free from the confines of the modern world has troubles dealing with the public eye. I feel the plotline shares this dramatized civilization hiding from the public yet; their lives are still surviving through this hidden beach. I feel this sense of urgency when Richard (the Protagonist) and the entire civilization try to survive and live on this beach without being harmed by the Vietnamese rebels. Because the area surrounding them has fields of illegal weed and they cannot step foot in it or they will come and kill them. If they leak a word out to the government, the fields might be burned out, so the rebels will not make that easy illegal money by selling it to other buyers. And none of this is helped by the fact that Richard himself has given away the location of the island to some other travelers. If he does like I said there will be a lot of tension between the community and the rebels. After reading through many chapters I don't feel Richard as the main character doing anything that harms the community, but he tries very hard to fit in with the group. I feel his character in the novel gives him a lot of love and support from the other members of the close net community. This novel is recommended, because this book offers a whole new genre of young adult reading. But also check out the movie out for a different perspective. But you should read your novel first, because there are morals to the story that will amaze you to the very end.
B00009V7PJ|5.0|YES, I'm not exaggerating here - this is a show the Ultimate Diva herself had put in a lot of effort with her co-tour conceiver Dorianna Sanchez, dancers, choreographer, producers yet she's so generous to \\"cher\\" it with us, with \\"love and humanity\\".<br />Get this copy in the glittering shifting hologram-cover edition, you wanna appreciate Cher you better be flamboyant enough to put up with her status.<br />Probably the most entertaining show alive to date took place in Miami! P/S: The show won an Emmy this year 2003.
B00008IAMD|5.0|I'm giving this CD 5 stars only because the system won't allow me to give more.  It certainly deserves more stars to distinguish it among other classic works.  The Man Comes Around is a testament to the courage of an ailing legend.  Johnny had had numerous health problems over the years, but they never managed to stop him from recording great music.  It wasn't until the love of his life died that he began to let his ragaved body prepare for its final rest.  But before he died, he worked hard and long to make his final statements.<br />Johnny defined the old cliche &quot;salt of the earth&quot;.  He truly had a way with words, not only in the construction of his phrases, but also in coloration.  A life on the road wasn't enough to make this happen - it was in part attitude - an attitude that led him to be a lifelong student of America and Americana.<br />We have lost an incredible voice, but his words and songs will live on.  Johnny, thank you a billion times over for all that you have given us.  Rest in peace, old friend.
B0000019PA|4.0|I recently bought an issue of Magnet Magazine, where they created a list of the top 60 albums of the last ten years. To my surprise, Neutral Milk Hotel's &quot;In the Aeroplane Over the Sea&quot; was number one--no easy feat. I had heard from my &quot;hip&quot; indie rock friends that it was a great album, and then seeing this listed as number one in a reputable magazine clinched it for me. So I bought it without having ever heard it.<br />My verdict: sorry, kids; it's overrated. The best album of the last ten years? C'mon. That's insane! But I will admit that it stands up to most of the hype. It is great in flashes, but not great as a whole, I'd say. <br />Most of the music is folkish, but a strange interpretation of folk--which I like quite a bit (seeing that I care little for most folk), using strange instruments, the occasional horn or string, and Jeff's guitar work is subdued and consequently very pretty. His lyrics are at moments wonderful, especially when he's not so self-conscious about being surreal; at one point he sings, &quot;Isn't is strange to be anything at all&quot;. I like that very much, and without teetering off into philosophical neverland, I think he's right: it *is* strange to be anything at all. <br />My only complaint about &quot;In the Aeroplane Over the Sea&quot; is that its sound, as atmospheric, sad and pretty as it may be, wears thin by the end of the record. The last half of the record sounds too similar to the first half. For songs to promise such vivid lyrics, I'd hope and expect for the music to support these ideas. In other words, its simple approach works well most of the time, but it does get rather repetitive and yes, even dull, at various points. Then again, that may just be me. I seem to be outnumbered here by those that think this is the best record ever, or whatever. I must not connect with it in the way others do. <br />One last thing, Nick Drake did it better. You want sad, pretty, simple, endearing and smart music? Buy &quot;Pink Moon&quot;. Now *that* is a GREAT record. Better yet, try Nico's first solo record, &quot;Chelsea Girl&quot;. &quot;I'll Keep it With Mine&quot; is reason alone to buy it.
B00005YW4H|5.0|i have listened to jazz and jazz singers for over 50 years and<BR>when i first heard Norah; my ears told me here is a future legend.<BR>her young age plus her humility only make the overall aural experience more amazing. <BR>anyone who can sing (and play piano) simply and beautifully<BR>within the jazz context is a special talent.<BR>go norah.
B000000H57|5.0|This album has been one of my alltime favorites since '96. Its not just the killer goth sound that pulls you in, but the extreme fluctuation of an emotional roller coaster. One minute sensual the next depressing. It was 100 steps up from Bloody Kisses, and has never been reached since.
B00003CXXP|1.0|You know i would give this movie a -1 rating if they had it on the list of how you rate the movie but they don't. At first you  think that the movie will be good because of the beginning of the movie. The beginning is good but then is slowly starts to get worse and worse. This retarded robot goes on some kind of quest to find the disney fairy from the movie pinnoccio so he can be turnned into a real boy because he read in some book that it was possible so that he can get back with his mother. Insted of him excepting himself for what he is and trying to get back with his mother he trys to be something he is not. Insted of this movie being something like a quest for him to get back to his mother it is a quest about him trying to do something that isn't even possible. Kinda like watching a movie about a man that wants to learn how to fly without wings so he keeps jumping off cliffs hopeing that he'll fly insted of him just finding logical way to learn how to fly like the Wright brothers. Basicly this movie is a waste of money and most of all time. If i ever bought this movie i would throw it away the same day i bought it or a i would take it back.
B00006RJ7Y|5.0|American History X is more like a documentary, than a story. It follows life as a skinhead, through the ups and downs. This movie does not pick sides at all.It more documents things and says &quot;this is what happens when you are a skinhead with these racist ideals&quot;. It doesn't say it's right or wrong, just that it is. The story is told in such a way as to keep you gripped throughout the entire movie. At no time does it get dull or drag. I would reccomend it to anyone. Infact my dad is getting this movie from me this xmas.
B00005JM0B|3.0|As sequels go...this movie is definately better than most sequels you would see on the market...But it lacks a plot line and in-depth feelings and philosiphy that Cameron brought to the first two movies....Although in its own right the movie can hold its own in the eyes of action fans....The movie could of just been better overall.
B0000508U6|5.0|You've probably all heard &quot;Yellow&quot;.  The pleasant surprise of the album &quot;Parachutes&quot; is that the radio hit is not a peak surrounded by valleys.  You can expect every song on this CD to live up to the musicality, the accessability, and the emotional value of that song.  Some people will suggest that this album is flat and unvaried--but a plateau at this level of greatness can be a beautiful thing.  (Let me instead suggest that an album with a consistent tone and songs all of equally high quality is so unusual these days that some listeners can't immediately process it.)<br />This CD snuck up on me the way all my favorites do; I bought it, thought, &quot;This is not what I expected,&quot; and put it away somewhere.  Then the ghosts of chords and melodies I'd heard on it (particularly &quot;We Never Change&quot;, &quot;Shiver&quot; and &quot;Trouble&quot;) began to float around in my head and I was forced to listen to it again...and again...<br />This CD has become ingrained in my psyche, and I listen to it feeling that somehow my own personal thoughts have been tapped and set to music, and laid out for me here.  I have feelings of possession for this album as though I wrote it, or it was written for me, neither of which are true (that I know of).  Unlike an album which simply lived up to my expectations, this one diverted them and exceeded them.<br />The bottom line is: this CD is fantastic.  If you can't stand your music mellow, or you're disturbed by the uniqueness of Chris Martin's voice, &quot;Parachutes&quot; will probably not change your mind.  But it did change mine.
B0000ACY0Y|5.0|I bought this record when it came out in 1974 because that was my summer of full immersion in Southern California country rock.Having been a Byrds fan, and because the record was released on Asylum records I guess I expected something different from what I heard when I played the thing. Well I don't rember disliking it, but it never got heavy rotation on the turntable, and somewhere down the line it kinda disappeared from my collection.Over the years fans and revisionist reviewers started gushing over this great &quot;lost&quot; work of art, comparing it to Van Morrison's &quot;Astral Weeks' (um...no.)or Skip Spence's Oar (only in the sense that neither sold, cuz Oar is awful). So when 'No Other' finally got it's CD release, amidst glowing reviews, I had to check it out again. Well folks what we have here is a little masterpiece of SoCal country rock with gorgeous singing and playing and I can't remember why I didn't love it thirty years ago. The reason it didn't sell is because most people didn't know who Gene Clark was, not because of some kind of weirdness in the music.Neil Young sold tons of records that were far stranger and less accessible than anything on here.Promotion might have done the trick, but there was none, so it sank without a trace. Here thirty years later, and too late for the sadly deceased Gene Clark, is another chance for country rock fans to hear a work of great emotion and heartbreak that should have been a contender. It's, I repeat, a great ,great country rock recording, by a very talented singer songwriter, and that's all. And that's enough.
6304490119|3.0|My wife really likes the TV series so, when she borrowed the movie from a friend, I figured I'd watch it, too. I enjoyed the movie. This doesn't quite rate among the \\"must see\\" science fiction but it's definitely worth watching. Not to mention, the movie gives a good background for the TV series. <br />The version we watched was older with very limited extra features. There was some background information about the cast and crew, a teaser and a trailer. If you like special features (as do I), then you would do well to read the fine print before buying, particularly if buying used. My choice would be the 'Ultimate Edition'.
B000002L99|4.0|There are two types of Van Halen fans - those who like Sammy Hagar and those who like David Lee Roth.  I'm a Hagar fan and this is the album that heralded some of Van Halen's best years!  Sammy Hagar was an awesome hard rocker in his own right before hooking up with Van Halen.  Van Halen was the best rock band ever.  How can you go wrong with a combination like that??!!  This is quite simply the start of a string of fantastic albums.
B000002C1W|3.0|The album when compared to previous accomplishments has a lot of the feel and little of the depth of any previous project.  This is simply the least favorite PF album produced more for the general audience than the traditional fan base.  Take a moment and listen to the 2 solo Gilmour albums, mix in a theme of war in an attempt to trend with Waters works, remove the synergy of the what used to be PF and you get a song like &quot;Dogs of War&quot;.  The lyrics are simple, contrived, and disappointing.  David was able to instead capture more of a rhythmic theme climaxing in &quot;Sorrow&quot;.  Any work from either Roger or David is worth the investment however some are more deserving than others.  I feel like I need to give the members a bit of a break.  They had an incredible run and decided to relax, enjoy, and produce an album every 10 years.  In these days of painfully off-key screaming vocals, overly distorted guitars, and music based on volume rather than character, this blues oriented piece and capable vocalist remain a mainstay in anyone's CD collection.  If anyone else wishes to rate this disc please take a moment and compare it to Animals or DSOTM.  A 5 star rating for this effort would be insulting to the memory of the band post Barrett.  In the meantime, please keep up the good work.  It's getting better with each release.
6304510861|3.0|*** 1/2 stars rating for &quot;Lost Highway&quot;. The movie presents a lot of David Lynch's trademarks: dark environments, inexplicable situations, sexually obsessed characters and a non-linear story.      Always is interesting to see a movie made by the experimental director David Lynch, so &quot;Lost Highway&quot; has interesting parts, however, sometimes it gives the sensation that the only person in the world that is pleased with the events that appear on the screen is David Lynch, and that is a bad thing because the movie fans are the main reason why the movies are made. It's good to be creative, but you got to show a plot once in a while.      But putting that aside, &quot;Lost Highway&quot; is an interesting exercise of film experimentation. The highlight may be Robert Blake as &quot;The Mystery Man&quot;, he is really a creepy character.
630518299X|4.0|I watched this movie because I am interested in cultural representations of suburbia in America.  I did heavy research on such imagery and saw repeated references to The Truman Show.  So I watched and I was stunned by how Truman's entire world was fabricated to create the &quot;ideal&quot; life, much like a suburban environment.  <br />The irony is, that the Truman Show was filmed at Seaside, a &quot;new urbanist&quot; development designed by architect Andres Duany, a critic of suburban design.  New urbanism is supposedly a movement against the conformity and sprawling layout of traditional suburban development.  Clearly, Truman's &quot;new urbanist&quot; environment is just as conforming and fabricated as suburbia (if not more so).  In the Truman Show, the main character played by Jim Carey realizes exactly how controlled his environment is, and essentially loses it and tries to escape to the &quot;real world.&quot;  <br />While the main plot focuses on the paranoia of having his life broadcasted worldwide, I was more fascinated with the representation of this &quot;new urbanist&quot; environment (which actually exists!) as a freakishly-controlled bubble or a design experiment.  It's a great critique on new suburban, &quot;progressive&quot; design ideas.
B00005N915|3.0|\\"Angel Heart\\" is a thriller with reminiscences of a Film Noir and an erotic mystery. Although the main character is adequately played by the usually mediocre Mickey Rourke, the highlights in \\"Angel Heart\\" are the performance from the great Robert De Niro as the mysterious Louis Cypher and the script and the direction of Alan Parker.  <br />Alan Parker is a director that usually is daring and innovator, perhaps his style is not pleasant to everybody, but you got to give him credit for being a daring director. As he did previously with \\"Pink Floyd: The Wall\\", Parker creates a dark and decadent atmosphere in \\"Angel Heart\\".<br />Maybe \\"Angel Heart\\" is not one of the finest thrillers, but it is a daring movie with a good plot.
B0000AZJXQ|5.0|i will admit to not liking a lot of tool songs, but i do like a perfect circle, and this is a wonderful album. the vocals are spellbounding and its just a good cd to chill out to. i came home from the most stressful day i've had in months and popped this cd in. within 10 minutes i was a hell of a lot better. guys, its nothing like mer de noms. it definatley stands out. im glad that they didnt try to repeat thier success they had with MDN, and went out on a limb and tried something new. way to go guys!
