B00001U0GQ|5.0|This jaw-dropping masterpiece should convince any remaining doubters of Michael Mann's greatness as one of the few truly original mainstream  directors in American cinema. In breathing stunning new creative life into  fading TV and movie genres(Miami Vice, The Jericho Mile, Manhunter)Mann had  already by the time of Mohican's release staked a strong claim to serious  respectability. Despite the claims of sour critics accusing him of prizing  style over substance, as early as 1990, those of us with serious movie  collections were already beginning to realise the need for Michael Mann  movies in our collections. With Last of the Mohicans, Mann took an  increasingly reactionary, moribund genre - the historical adventure - and  single-handedly reinvented it for the 90s to spectacular effect. A better  movie about early American colonial life and the period building up to the  War of Independence has not been made. Given its old-fashioned movie and  literary lineage, it would have been tempting before its release to say  that Mann, Day-Lewis, Stowe etcetra  were bringing more to the project than  the material or fading genre deserved. But the combination of one of the  world's most visionary and visually astounding directors, the world's  greatest living actor (see In the Name of the Father if you doubt that  claim), a stellar support cast and some great screenwriting delivers a  truly original film, effectively integrating old fashioned action and plot  with knowing 90's sensibilities. Let me be clear here: there is no other  mainstream early 90s Hollywood product like it for sheer authenticity of  setting, story, excitement and emotion. Mann has produced the template by  which to resuscitate the favorite genres of our youth. Mann's strength as  an auteur has always been the sincerity of his vision and the honesty of  his characters - and it all comes together most effectively in this kinetic  retelling of James Fenimore Cooper's classic story. One of the easiest waysof fully appreciating Mohicans is to precede viewing it with a viewing of  the embarrassingly overblown, historically moronic Dean Devlin Roland  Emmerich abomination, The Patriot. In fact, it was precisely having to sit  through The Patriot's turgid mess that prompted me - for sheer sake of  sanity - to once again view Last of the Mohicans recently. I'm pleased to  say Mohicans has - like a good wine - improved with age - 1hr45 mins worth  of sustained excitement and real drama. Mann's portrayal of women and  Native Americans, while not exactly groundbreaking, is nevertheless  commendable inasfar as he ensures his progressive portrayals actually  functionally drive - rather than slow down (Dances with Wolves anyone?) -  the action. Integrating style and substance with equitable class, the movie  cooks on all fronts. A number of movies find place in my collection as  guilty pleasures. Last of the Mohicans is there because it's the real deal  - an intelligent modern movie classic. Buy it - you will not be  disappointed.
B000002LMK|5.0|Neil Young greeted his fourth decade as a recording artist with this solid  rocker backed by Crazy Horse. This is a very compelling album and, like the  title of track four, I can listen to it over and over.<br />If you are  familiar with Neil's other albums with Crazy horse, you will know what to  expect but, if you have only ever heard his lighter, more folksy stuff like  Harvest, then I'd encourage you to listen to this as it shows a very  different side of his music. This is much more rock oriented with some  great guitar work.<br />The general style is related to, for example, the  earlier release Zuma with the same backing team but he has something new to  say here. I tried to list my real favourites and I ended up with a list of  well over half of the tracks on the album.<br />The only song that I'm not  really happy with is &quot;Farmer John&quot; which is the only cover and  somehow, the song just doesn't fit with the rest of the album, everything  else being original by Neil Young for this album.<br />But that is a minor  criticism of a CD which has over and hour of top rate rock songs. Learn the  words, play it loud and try to sing along. Then marvel at Neil's vocal  range.
B000002L6P|5.0|Like A Virgin is the album that vaulted Madonna to superstar Status and  with good reason. The singles Like A Virgin and Material Girl are  synomonous with the 1980's. This album is an slick extremely well-produced  collection of dance pop. In addition to the monster hits I previously  mentioned it also includes the top 5 hits Angel and Dress You Up. And with  album tracks like the paen to drive Over and Over, the beautiful ballad  Shoo Be-Doo and the classic Love Don't Live Here Anymore. Madonna showed  that she was more than just a single's artist and that her albums could be  played the whole way through. This is an album no Madonna fan should be  without.
B000001GK9|5.0|There isn't much you can really say after hearing a recording like this.   I come back to this CD (2cds) only once every few months.  The reason being  that this one pretty much drains me to the point that when I finish the  recording I can't move for a few minutes.  I always feel as if there is  nothing more to be said about this piece of music.  Karajan's  interpretation of the last movement isn't necessarily a tear jerker, it is  something else.  It is a mental understanding of the true meaning of the  score, and having the ability to convey this meaning through the orchestra  and finally to the listeners.  In an interview he commented that &quot;in  the Ninth there is a great beauty and sense of harmony with death.  Coming  to the end of this symphony is one of the hardest tasks in all of  conducting.&quot;<br />It is interesting to note that about 3 years earlier  Bernstein conducted this same piece with the Berliners, and recorded it for  DG.  Karajan's excuse for not conducting more Mahler has always been that  the music took a very long time to prepare.  This seems to actually be  true, considering that he also took a great deal of time preparing his  recording of the 5th (which is dreadful) and his recording of the 6th.  I  am not aware of the history behind his later recording of the 4th.  This  recording in September 1982 is Karajan and the Berlin Philharmonic's final  performance of the 9th played before a live audience,  a performace that  was three years in the making.  There was a previous recording in 1981, and  various concert tours with the piece, including in the United States.   Karajan commented on finishing the recording a year or so before his death  in 1988 commenting that &quot;I know I was madly, madly involved with the  symphony to the extent that when it was done--and it is one of the few  works I say this of--I would not dare touch it again&quot;.<br />There was  really no need to touch it again.  Sure, the recording isn't perfect.  Theoriginal release had an extremely forward and compressed sound.  The people  who did the remastering job for this release may have gone a little too far  in the other direction making the performace sound a little distant and the  strings slightly too weak.  Karajan commented that &quot;with the CD we had  the feeling that if there was no noise in the hall we could have an even  better result&quot;.  This is just nit picking though.  The power of this  performace is very obvious from beginning to end and the polished sound of  the Berlin Philharmonic in a live performance is beautiful.  This is a very  special recording.
B000002L9S|5.0|Madonna's 3rd album, True Blue may not be as personal as the critical  darling Like A Prayer but in terms of dance-pop music this is her best work  of the 1980s. True Blue shows her growth as a musical artist and songwriter  yet is still very pop-radio friendly. In Papa Don't Preach, Madonna was  able to tackle a serious issue in the realm of a dance song. Open Your  Heart is a high energy dance standout that was Madonna's 5th #1 single,  White Heat is a wonderful and danceable album track that features spoken  samples from a James Cagney movie. And then, there's Live To Tell,  Madonna's haunting and enigmatic ballad which in my opinion remains even  today one of her most powerful and compelling performances as an artist.  Following that masterpiece is the delicious Where's the Party a fun dance  track in the Holiday vein, which makes you wonder why it wasn't released as  a single. The title Track, True Blue is and ode to girl group pop from the  50's and 60s. And in the pop gem La ISLA Bonita, Madonna shows her fondness  for latin music. Unfortunately the album loses somes steam here and the 2  final tracks Jimmy Jimmy and Love Makes the World Go Round are not up to  the standards of the rest of the album. But after 7 good songs in a row-  How can you complain?
630587493X|5.0|This is an excellent movie, and an excellent DVD conversion. The best part about it for me is that it shows how movies can portray what a novel meant  to say. The story of the robot's journey to attempt to gain  &quot;life&quot; presents deep topics in a non-confrontational way.<br />The  movie is more than two hours long, but I was left waiting for more.
6301966988|5.0|I absolutley love this movie.  Whoppi Goldberg does a wonderful job in this movie and keeps the movie funny while Demi Moore and Patrick Swayze  make this movie a very romantic moving movie.  I just don't understand why  Paramount has not decided to release a DVD version of this film.  I will  give this movie for the full five starts because I never penalize a movie  for not having a DVD, I anaylze as a movie on the whole.  Paramount please  release this on DVD!
B000003KMM|4.0|...likes this movie.  having grown up following some of the worst teams in the history of baseball...i can appreciate silly fantasy (of the indians  winning anything)...which at the time it was.  it's a slapstick comedy  about a pathetic baseball team...not a realistic movie about the game of  baseball.  to compare this silly movie to bull durham simply because they  both involve baseball is an insult to the intelligence of anyone reading  the review.  no, it's not realistic...nor does it star kevin costner...but  fans of perpetually awful teams should be able to enjoy it...sophomoric or  not.
B00003CXDG|2.0|I thought that there would be an interesting plot for the sequel, i was wrong. I thought that there would be interesting action sequences thanks to  John Woo, I was right. But, as we have all learned, in this day and age you  can not make a movie with just a bunch of special effects. There has to be  some sort of a plot to make me want to sit through a film like this. Alas  there was none. It was like a second rate bond film. The difference is that  in Bond films they do not pull off their faces constantly. What was that  all about. It was cool the first couple of times, but after that i only  tired of it.
014028009X|3.0|This book was an easy, entertaining read, a diary (duh) of Bridget Jones'  everyday life as a raging Singleton living in London.<br />She starts off each  entry with a record of her current weight, calories and the number of times  she has pined over some guy.  She is a good-natured pommy lass, really  likeable!<br />Nothing really happens, per se, it's more just a chance to get  to know this funny and absorbing character, to relate to her weaknesses and  laugh at her misfortunes.  She is confused, and not quite grown up.  As a  result of her state of disarray, she is not about to tie up the loose ends  of the story for you.  Oh well.
B00003CWTI|5.0|This is one of the most defining films of 1999. The work that PTA put into shines through in every scene. He put a lot of hard work into a film that  turns out to be one of the best of 99. Those who say against it were  probably confused and did not want to admit to it. The fact is is that  there is a lot here to like. The story revolves around nine people, one  day, and many unexpected and highly emotional events. This is one for the  film vault. It will stand as a monument to what someone can do with a  little hard work and dedication.
B00003CX95|5.0|There is a lot to like in this massive epic. The first time that i heard that Mel Gibson was in charge, i was a little sceptical. When i went to see  it in the theater, all doubts were gone. This is one of those movies that  you can watch numerous times and never tire of it. Movies like this are not  made enough. This is a Hollywood film that actually focuses on emotion, and  there is a strong focus. Mel Gibson has earned my respect and admiration  after creating a film that is as visually striking as it is thoroughly  entertaining.
6303913881|3.0|i watched it recently on video just to see what the fuss is about to see if it was really that bad...<br />   of course, some scenes in the movie are  very rank, liz berkeley making a man climax by giving him a lap dance is  the ultimate in raunch, but it definately is a turn on ! She definately  leaves her &quot;save by the bell persona&quot; behind. maybe she just  wanted to try something different. the other women in the film are gorgeous  too. and you get a good feel for what the life of a showgirl is  about...degrading? maybe. but these women knew what they were getting into  when they got into this business...this film shows you the sleaziness of  the entertainment business in contrast to the women who will stop at  nothing to make their dream real...    Gina Gershon( america's favorite  'almost lesbian' ) has a nice role here as a cutthroat. this is simply a  guilty pleasure movie; enjoy it for what it is: a nice display of t and a
0380973464|5.0|Finally, a book that actually enters a new realm.  I am so tired of the same plots being revampd over and over.  Stephenson writes a book with  clearly dilineated plots and characters and most of his techinical  discourse should be readable, if not understood, by the non-technical.   Speaking as a highly technical person myself, it was refereshing to read a  story that was technically accurate.  None of this psuedo-&quot;I own a  computer so that makes me technically literate&quot; junk that many other  writers use to pass for technical-literacy.  Stephenson obviously either  knows his stuff or found someone who does.<br />Aside from that, the book was  a page turner.  He did a greate job of keeping the two stories separate,  but related, and I never got confused as to which plot was being described  at any given time.  <br />Definitely gonna check out his other stuff.
0375501851|5.0|think of confederacy of dunces with a british accent or charles dickens if he was contemporary; that's what you feel like when you read this modern masterpiece, the first great book of Y2K and a safe bet to make the 100  best books of the 21st century.      <br />     Samad Iqbal is a failed  writer, but successful one-handed waiter who is adamant about preserving  the old ways and is so dertermined to keep his heritage alive that he has  one of his sons kidnapped and sent to bengali. archie jones is a dim bulb  because fate made him so, but accepts his lot in life and goes with the  flow.     there are no sacred cows in this book; everyone gets skewered:  liberals, conservatives, gays, christians, extremists, pop culture and the  media. one of the better scenes in the novel is when the joneses and iqbals  are watching the berlin wall being destroyed, they dissaprove of the  sweeping changes going on in the world politically, while, irie, archie's  daughter, chastizes them for being out of the loop.<br />    millat is the  main character to watch: unlike magid, his life becomes totally immersed in  pop culture to the point of emulating  his favorite movie stars. his  involvement with KEVIN, a pseudo-muslim organization is smith's way at  poking fun at extremists cliques.      the only chapters i didn't care for  were the ones about the chalfens and the world war 2 flashbacks. they made  the story slow. ms smith is self indugent with her prose at times, but it  is funny, poignant, timely and incendiary.<br />...i'm sorry to tell you, its not an easy  book to like. its not harry potter, you gotta work at figuring out what  smith is trying to say here ! but if you stick with it, you will be  rewarded with a great story about multiculturalism, about people trying to  survive in a society that demands that they be &quot; more british than the  british.&quot; Props to Smith for tackling this subject with verve.
B00003CXDG|3.0|Having built the pre release hype upto dizzying levels through numerous teasers and the fact that action meister John Woo was directing we were all  in for a bit of a treat. <br />I found myself being quite impressed with the  slick opening sequence, yep we've got ourselves a nasty piece of work bad  guy (Dougray Scott) who likes to make a scene by crashing a whole plane of  innocents into the rockies. Then we have the spectacle of Tom Cruise doing  a Peter Parker up the side of a sheer rock wall, so far so good. But then  things go a bit awry from then on. <br />I'm a big fan of John Woo, there are  few directors around who can direct action scenes with such visual flair  and inventiveness. Check out any number of scenes from 'Hard Boiled' or  'The Killer' and you'll have your eyeballs treated to scenes edited and  shot to perfection. With MI2 though the stunts seem to be just rehashed  partly from the original. For example the first film had Ethan Hunt  dangling from a cable in a CIA computer vault, this one has him diving from  a helicopter into  a vent. Bigger, as they say, isn't always better.    Other things that annoy are a lack of explanation about why Sean Ambrose  has gone totally loony. I mean, are IMF in the habit of hiring fruitcases  to be their agents or what!  Again, there's no indication of his  motivations or Hunt's and Ambroses previous relationship. I'm not saying  that there should be a huge chunk of the film set aside for explanations as  it's an action film first and foremost and not an episode of sunset beach.  A perfect thing to do would be do what Goldeneye did and have the two  agents on a mission together and have something tragic happen, at least we  could have been draw into the story a tad more.<br />Other characters in the  film seem to be totally sidelined, Thandie Newton's character happily hops  into bed with Ethan Hunt and is magically transformed into a 'Hunt Girl'.  Her task later in the film is to look willowy and defenceless until the  hero saves her from the deadly virus (yawn). Anthony Hopkins is criminally  underused, he's marginalised to a cameo role to add some form of gravitas  to the whole proceeding. Ving Rhames reprises his role of Luther Stickel,  the computer hacker, but again he seems to disappear into the background  with nothing more than a perfunctory back-up role.<br />Dougray Scott has a  rent-a-villain look about him, he sneers, he bullies and yes he kills  innocent people before breakfast. What made a nice change this time around  was that he wasn't a British bad guy (big sigh of relief), yes he's..wait  for it..Scottish! Remember Hollywood, the UK is full of loons (we're not  happy about losing the empire you see) Personally I'm waiting for is a  Welsh bad guy, that would be worth a fiver in anyone's currency.<br />What  really wound me up though was what made the series and in part the first MI  film cool, was the element of teamwork. It wasn't about just one person  doing the work, it was the IMF team battling the enemy. Not so here, Tom  does all the kicking ass (in slowmotion...woohoo) All I have for this are  two words...James Bond. I caught myself thinking anytime soon he's going to  say 'The name is Hunt..Ethan Hunt' , he did come close though on one  occasion. Added to all this there really are some howlers of plot devices.  Examples include, applying a face mask of an enemy henchman in a couple of  minutes, motorbikes that miraculously change tread without stopping and  best of all, flame retardent pidgeons (you'll know the scene). <br />Adding  all these points together I really felt let down by the whole MI2  experience. The film does have some excellent stuff in it and John Woo does  pull off some magic here and there but sadly he's having what appears to be  another bad Hollywood experience. The same thing happened with him on  Broken Arrow and Hard Target and it looks like much of the same here. I was  hoping that the DVD might contain an alternate cut of the film, but alas  there is no mention. In all honesty I'd recommend saving your money and  watching x-men instead, much better in every department really. <br />To sum  up, Yes, the original is better and another thing..Tom..get you hair cut  mate.
B00003CXCS|5.0|My copy of &quot;Sound of Music&quot; on DVD arrived today and what a wonderful package it is. The film is on one disk, the second contains  documentaries on Salzburg (where it was filmed) and the making of the film  with commentaries from most of the creative people. The DVD set is worth  the price for this second disk alone. There are also audio interviews with  cast members and lots of other features. Julie Andrews tells some  delightful things about problems in filming such as the wind from the  helicopter that filmed the famous opening segment on the hill top knocking  her down at the end of a number of takes for the scene.<br />  Everyone must  know about the film and what a wonderful family entertainment it is. A bit  corny and sentimental, yes, but there is good reason it was the Oscar  winner for best picture. Julie Andrews was born to play this part,  Christopher Plummer is just right as Baron Von Trapp. It could not be  better cast. (It is a bit of a shock to see two of the children during  their interviews as adults today.) The clarity of the picture, the sound,  everything is wonderful in this package.<br />Even if you have a previous  video tape of Sound of Music, this is the one to have now. If you don't  have a DVD player, this film alone should convince you to get one.<br />If I  could give it 10 stars, I would.
B00000064G|5.0|Maybe the album sounds so ominous and strange to me because I had read a  biography of Drake before hearing the album.  So I knew ahead of time that  this album was recorded during Nick Drake's final decline into deep  depression.  The unique guitar playing and mysterious lyrics combine to  make this album as moody a musical piece as I have ever heard.  Two songs,  &quot;Pink Moon&quot;, and &quot;Ride&quot;, are completely simple and  wonderfully complex at the same time.  I play guitar and have been around  guitar players for years and years, but have never heard anyone with Nick  Drakes style.  The album should really be heard straight through as the  somber mood it creates is very powerful.  I don't know if one should feel  guilty enjoying the efforts of an artist in so much pain.
B000001C6D|5.0|&quot;Icon&quot; is the breakthrough album of Paradise Lost, that marked  their Change from Doom/Death to Gothic and rocking music. It is by far  their most complete work and the place to start when you are getting into  Paradise Lost. Many Albums that come out today carry heavy influences of  &quot;Icon&quot;, so it's also an important record for the musical  devellopment in the Gothic/Metal/Rock scene. But at first, this is one of  the best Albums I ever heard, and I like all the other stuff from Paradise  Lost too. There is not one weak song on the whole Album, everyone has it's  specific atmosphere and message. It's just an act of logical that they  never did an album in the same vain again. As I said, all the songs are  great, but some need to grow on you. For a first-listen I would recommend  &quot;Remembrance&quot;, &quot;True Belief&quot;, &quot;Christendom&quot;  and &quot;Widow&quot;. I must admit that nowadays, this sounds a little  dated ( so what? Metallica sound dated on everything they do recently ). It  is still a masterpiece of it's own. A BIG recommodation, you can do nothing  wrong whoever you are, if you buy this album.
6304240554|5.0|George Romero's &quot;Dawn of the Dead&quot; is truly the most horrifying, frightening film of all time.  The violence, the characters, the storyline  will drive any viewer to madness.  Ken Foree is excellent in this stroke of  cinematic genius.
B0000024RQ|4.0|Unless you were born and spent you entire like in the Austrian Outback,  the name Bob Dylan is as easily recognizable as that of Dirty Harry. Dylan  doesn't have pipes of, say, Jose Carreras, get over it - this isn't opera.  One might argue that he is the most significant figure in popular music. He  took music from phase one (guys, girls and cars) to phase two (music as,  golly, art). Dylan's songs are vehicles of personal expressions - like  poems and novels, but with music. The Freewheelin' Bob Dylan is Dylan's own  work: just two non-Dylan compositions. `Corrina Corrina' is the richest  musical track with Dylan backed by a band. The traditional `Girl From The  North Country' is a lonesome tale from Ole England with a lovely  melody.<br />Several of Dylan's originals jump from the speakers and grab me  by the labels. How does a 22 year old knock me out with such simplicity and  potency? `Blowin' In The Wind' is not only an instant anthem, but an  artifact of popular culture; as valid in 2000 as in 1963, and will continue  as one man believes that he's superior to another. Forget peace, love and  understanding. `Masters Of War' calls for the death of the culprits, and  Dylan won't be satisfied until he sees them six-feet under. `A Hard Rain's  A-Gonna Fall' is the first of Dylan's incoherent and obscure hallucinations  set to music. The gift of the song is its lyrical impenetrability and  `Revelations' symbolism: the song is about anything and everything. `Don't  Think Twice, It's All Right' is stark and honest, setting the trend for  heart-on-your-sleeve, introspective and self-conscious singer/songwriters  such as James Taylor and many to follow.<br />The young Dylan is an insightful  lyricist, but still a goofy kid at heart. Instead of a cry for civil  rights, `I Shall Be Free' suggests importing Anita Ekberg and Brigitte  Bardot as peace delegates (not a bad idea). When I was in school huddled  under my desk during a nuclear missile attack exercise, `Talking About  World War III Blues' was a hoot, and still is. In summary, if you can't  sing, and you're going to adorn your scruffy voice with only a guitar and a  harmonica, you'd better have something to spout about. Dylan does.
B00004TRD8|4.0|I'm not going to repeat everything good that's been said about this disc.  I agree 110%.  However, there is a major &quot;bug&quot; with the disc when  attempting to view the supplemental material on disc 2.  If you acess the  option that allows you to view the entire supplemental track in its  entirety the &quot;chapter&quot; list screen is displayed but then goes  into a &quot;wierd&quot; loop that never allows you to &quot;run&quot; the  full supplement.  Also, if you attempt to access the &quot;chapter&quot;  browse option the same bug manifest itself when you select chapter 2.  I  would have thought with all of the promotion taking place for this disc  there would have been better testing of the disc before mastering it.   Maybe the studio will own up to this oversight and &quot;repress&quot; the  disc and allow me to swap out the &quot;buggy&quot; one.  I welcome anyones  comments to the contrary as to my &quot;discovery&quot; of this issue with  the disc.
0061020710|5.0|After reading some heavier material, I picked up the first Discworld book  and was very pleased.  I feel like lots of fantasy writers fail to write  compelling stories because they spend most of their energy trying to  convince the reader their world is real and gritty and serious.  <br />Not  Terry Pratchett.  There's not a serious bone in this book's body.  It's  funny from start to finish and slaps nearly every fantasy convention in the  face, repeatedly, and without regret.  The characters are memorable, from  the inept Rincewind the wizard (who doesn't really do anything very  wizardly) to the tourist Twoflower (whose delightful naivete carries the  book forward when it seems cornered) to the Hrun the Barbarian  (testosterone anyone?) and finally to the Luggage (a dedicated chest made  of sapient pearwood that has quite the appetite when it comes to munching  bad guys).  <br />I recommend this book to people who love fantasy and possess  even just a single ounce of humor.  Pratchett caters to the absurd lunatic  in us all, and delivers a very silly, very satisfying story on a pretty  platter called Discworld.
0060930349|4.0|Paul Johnson is a true iconoclast as well as an excellent historian.  His conservative perspective becomes obvious as we get into the twentieth  century.  Nevertheless, unlike many writers of the left, he makes no  attempt to pass his conclusions off as neutral unbiased historical  assesment.  I felt the book was strongest in discussing the colonial,  revolutionary and civil war periods.  Johnson's lively style brings long  dead people to life.  I appreciate his anti-revisionism in which he  acknowledges wrongs that were committed but refuses to apologize for the  natural consequences of progressive western civilization which has driven  human history for thousands of years.  As he gets into the twentieth  century his biases become more clear, even extreme.  His description of  FDR, a president almost uniformly regarded as a great president, as a  patent fraud who contributed little to  positive to American History is  ridiculous and unsupportable.  His discussion of the New Deal as failing to  solve the Great Depression is accurate.  He fails to acknowledge the role  of ROosevelt in boosting American moral in some of its darkest times as  well as some vital and lasting reforms to the banking and securities  industries that have prevented similar catastrophes.  His description of  Kennedy as essentially a complete gangster controlled by his father is also  popular today among those of the right and is also an extreme exageration.   In short, Johnson weakens his case against these more recent figures (or in  favor of Nixon) by resorting to extremism.  ALl in all though, this book  will be enjoyed by all history fans who are not left wing ideologues.  If  you are a left wing ideologue do not waste your time, you will hate it.  I  myself am a political moderate who disagrees with a lot of Johnson's  assesments but not with his overall themes.
B00001NFCY|1.0|THESE GUYS ARE &quot;CHRISTIAN ROCK&quot;.  THEY ARE PREACHING TO EVERYONE  AND TELLING THEM THAT JESUS CHRIST IS THE ONLY CORRECT ANSWER TO LIFE.   WELL TO YOU BOYS IN CREED WERE EVER TO READ THIS, I HAVE MY OWN LITTLE  GOSPLE FOR YOU.  choices always were a problem for you, what you need is  someone strong to guide you.  they've been blinded dumb and were born to  follow what you need is someone stong to guide you.  like me.  he has  needs. like i do.  we both want, to r a p e you.  props to rev. maynard on  that one.
B00000APLB|5.0|A must for a new or old Stones fan.  Contains probably the best version of  Brown Sugar.  Buy it!
B000002NC4|5.0|If I were to be stranded on a desert island with only one album, I would  choose Perfect From Now On.  As a BTS fan since  Ultimate Alternative  Wavers, I've seen BTS grow musically with each release.  I have to admit,  PFNO had to grow on me a little at first.  It is very different from their  first two releases and b-sides.  But after about the 4th listen, it  clicked.  So, I've listened to PFNO at least 1,000 times since its release.   I am still very moved during each listen.  It's almost as though I  discover something new each time!  Explaining it is sort of difficult.  You  just have to listen to it!  From beginning to end, PFNO is a fabulous  musical journey.   While you're at it, go out and buy all of BTS's stuff.   BTS is truly the MOST underrated band in the entire universe.  They like to  *keep it like a secret*.
6305922748|5.0|There is no better gem in video humour than &quot;This is Spinal Tap&quot;.  Tap endures.  Tap captivates. Remember those movies you knew  little about, no preconceived notions, you simply sat and then laughed so  hard at every unsuspecting twist and turn in the comedy?  Well, Tap is that  type of movie.  The seriousness dead-pan nature of the band's attempts to  make it big are so hilarious that you laugh at the escapades they take in  recreating a come back of their former (lack of) glory.  Picture a garage  band that never really made it, try to recapture the glory of never making  it. The songs are musically excellent, and like the rest of the movie, it's  acting and script (and improv)are hilarious in how closely they parody real  bands.  We laugh because we are watching a rock group self-destruct, but  everyone but the group iteself knows that it is happening.  The difference  between these guys and current day musical fabrications like the Backseat  Boys and In Stink, bastions of current lows in musicdom,is that these guys  parody those that aggrandize themselves.  Get serious, watch Tap and have a  laugh from start to finish.
B000000W9Z|5.0|It's amazing that David has still got the music world by the throat after  so many years of innovative music. Now that the 90's are over, I think it's  safe to say that Outside is an album that fans will enjoy for many more  years to come. It's a concept album that deals with an investigation of a  ritualistic, art-like murder of a 14 year old girl. David takes on the role  of Nathan Adler (the investigator) and even though the charactor isn't as  refined as Ziggy Stardust, the concept itself is brilliant and the music  could be described as avant-garde industrial dance/rock. I've never heard  anything like it. My favorite song on here is &quot;Thru These Architect  Eyes&quot;, but &quot;Hallo Spaceboy&quot; and &quot;Stranger When We  Meet&quot; are some of his best songs from the 90's. Outside marks David's  creative high-point during the 90's and if you want to hear some very  experimental music, I urge you to buy this as soon as possible.
006016848X|5.0|I used to be so confused about why my relationships weren't working. After  reading John Gray's book I understood why alot of my relationships were a  struggle. After reading his book I have a better knowledge of the  differences between men and woman. This book helped me understand how men  and woman sometimes percieve things differently which can create kaos. Now  that I've read this book I have useful tools. I have tryed his methods as  stated in the book and have experienced tremendous success in my  relationship because of them. I don't think everything he states is easy to  approach, in fact some of it's very new and a bit scary. I found after  practicing the techniques it became second nature. I think this book is a  vital source of knowledge that is highly valuable in society today. I would  reccomend it highly to anyone and everyone again and again. Thank you John  Gray! I love this book!
6305892946|5.0|the movie is just unbelievable point blank. neve campbell,courtney cox-arquette &amp; david arquette, take the scream horror series to the next level with this shocking thriller. all the favorites from the first 2 movies, didn't quite servive but cotton weary does make a guest appearence in the film's horrifying opener though that sets the pace for the rest of the movie. jenny mcarthy even makes a guest appearence in the movie...<br />the plot is pretty much the same, only this one has even more action then the first two. come to find out billy lumis &amp; company didn't actually kill maureen prescott, the mother of the emotionally distressed sidney prescott (neve campbell), and nothing is hidden in the horror classic. hated &amp; loved gale weathers (courtney cox-arquette) makes yet another excellent performance, by always bringing up the bad feelings between the surviving members, and of course the loveable cop dewey (david arquette) makes yet another day saving performance in his efforts to help sidney &amp; co.<br />new comers also make this movie special, especially Parker Posey (my favorite character)who plays Jennifer Joli (stage name), Judy Jergenster (goverment name) &amp; Gale Weathers (in the shooting of stab 3), and Tyson (played by ? ), as the only black actor in the movie, but funny &amp; entertaining.<br />a guarented hit, with anybody, i've seen scarier, but this would have to be ranked in the top 3 easily, and i think that everyone will like it. enjoy
B00000J7S8|5.0|When I Look Into Your Eyes is a wonderful, wonderful album by a  terrifically talented woman.  Diana Krall's voice is hauting, beautiful and  gutsy and her love for the music she is playing comes across loud and  clear.  This is the perfect album for a romantic dinner for two, a drive in  the car, a night in front of a fire, really anything contemplative.  This  is not wimpy, background music, but music to be listened to and enjoyed.   She has been touring this summer with Tony Bennett and I think that fact  says it all about her talent.  I would not describe myself as a huge jazz  fan, just someone who loves music and I love this album.  I believe that  anyone who enjoys beautiful standards sung well, accompanied by talented  musicians will love this album.  I highly recommend it.
B000002505|5.0|The first time I heard this CD I was blown away, my teacher at the time,  Daryll Dobson(another great guitar player,)played it for me and I had to  have it.  Carlos Santana had begun a journey that was both spiritual and  musical.  For those who are really familiar with Carlo's music you first  heard hints at a new musical direction with the tune called, Incident at  Neshabur, (from Abraxas, not on this album like many people state.)  The  following albums; Santana 3, Live with Buddy Miles, and Caravanserai showed  more and more the direction Carlos was to take. With each of these albums  you can clearly hear his playing improve and expand, which no doubt came  from playing constantly with the young firey Neal Schon,(note their playing  on Live with Buddy Miles and Caravanserai) and of course Carlos had begun  listening intensly to Coltrane and Mahavishnu.  By the time Santana joined  up with Mahavishnu for this album in 73,Carlos was ready to take the next  step.<br />  Listening to this record you hear both Mclaughlin and Santana  reaching and pushing, at times almost crying out, I.E. their playing on The  Love Devine, (listen to the way Mclaughlin caps of his solo.)  Although  Mclaughlin was a much more technically advanced player, Carlo's beautiful  tone and creative combination of bends and holds make him just as great.   Although L.D.S. is not the most &quot;listener freindly&quot; album it does  contain two beautiful ballads in Naima and Meditation.  After this album  Santana toured with Mahavishnu for many years and recorded again on the  Santana album Welcome,(the tune is called Flame Sky and it too is amazing.)  The following albums through the seventees although never recieved as much  attention and were even somtimes critized, contained what I beleive to be  Carlo's best and most complex playing,(for the other reviewer who commented  that Zappa quipped about Carlo's earlier solos, believe me Zappa could only  dream of playing as good as Carlos, especially after his Mahavishnu days.)  As for Mclaughlin, his future Mahavishnu albums were great, it's too bad  they didn't put out some more with the original line up.<br /> Love Devotion  Surrender was a beautiful union of amazing players all at their peak.  Carlos and Mclaughlin complemented each other beautifully, Mclaughlin had  more technique and power, and Santana had more passion and soul, together  their playing was unique and has left this music fan longing for more.
6305892806|2.0|extremely bad production of probably one of Austen's best written, if not most likeable books.  The names and a few of the basic plot points are the  same, but other than that, there's no similarities.  They made Sir Thomas,  who was basically a good man, although somewhat reserved and unbending,  into a borderline lecher, they tried to mix Fanny Price and Jane Austen,  and I don't think there was much of Fanny in Jane Austen.  Also, what was  with Mary Crawford practically trying to seduce Fanny?  Completely  unnecessary.  The one redeeming point was the portrayal of Fanny and  Edmund's relationship.
B000003JDA|5.0|It had been four years between albums, during which Tull toured the world  several times and Ian Anderson recorded an instrumental solo album.   Apparently, the extensive travelling and foray into orchestral music  rejuvenated Anderson, who not only wrote some of his strongest, most mature  music for this album, but took his flute playing to new heights after over  25 years as a professional musician.  <br />Ian's incorporation of the Indian  bamboo flute into several tracks adds a different flavor, but it is far  more than just a gimmick because his playing is, by turns, haunting,  moving, and passionate.  The rest of the band is in excellent form; most of  the members being long-time stalwarts by the time of the recording - a fact  that leaves behind the days of Ian and Martin forming the core around which  rotated an ever-changing line-up of musicians. <br />Speaking of Martin Barre,  his electric guitar is subtle and understated on many tracks, but comes  through with taste and energy at times (particularly during the closing  moments of &quot;Dangerous Veils.&quot;).  Doane Perry offers his most  compelling and complex drumming yet, and keyboardist Andrew Giddings shines  not only with orchestral flourishes, but with his delightful, flowing piano  work on tracks such as &quot;Beside Myself.&quot;  <br />Each of the band  members come together under Anderson to form a cohesive whole, and the  title track is more than just an excellent song in and of itself - in terms  of summing up the band's identity and how much it has grown over the years,  &quot;Roots To Branches&quot; may just be the best Jethro Tull song  ever.<br />This album is a masterpiece, coming at a time in their career when  most musicians have gone stale or resorted to coasting on their past  glories.  Ian Anderson and the rest of Jethro Tull keep forging ahead, and  the results can be absolute magic such as this wonderful, wonderful album.
6303855466|5.0|This movie is a labor of love, as is its topic. This true story, well acted and beautifully filmed, initially stopped me with its music as I  surfed past a television broadcast. Within minutes, I was entranced,  equally by the fine character acting as by the familiar faces of Hugh Grant  and Colm Meaney. In the first 10 minutes, I cancelled all other plans for  that evening, and spent my first commercial break calling friends to tell  them it was on, then spent my remaining commercial breaks surfing to find  it on video. <br />Movies of similar beauty, heart, and soul include Waking  Ned Devine, Fairy Tale: A True Story, Shakespeare in Love, and The Secret  of Roan Inish. I'm now buying a copy to give my mother as a gift, and look  forward to watching it on our home theater system. A movie of the people,  with quiet in-jokes between English and Welsh that seem to elude the Ugly  AmeriMalkin. <br />Spend a couple of hours with the people of Wales, and feel  your heart expand with the love and care and fun of this fine film. There  aren't enough of such gems available!
0792839625|3.0|A Chorus Line is a truly great show, when performed onstage keeping true to the original *ahem* SONGS, but the movie kind of failed in the attempt  to re-create the magic. I mean, &quot;Music and The Mirror&quot; is a  perfect example. Did they think it was too subtle for the movie-watching  American public? Did it really have to be replaced with something as blunt  as &quot;Let Me Dance For You&quot;? Puh-leaze. And they cut out the entire  montage, which really helps in exploring the character's personalities,  etc. Why did Cassie seem like such an...annoyance? She did interrupt  &quot;I Can Do That&quot;. She did harass him into giving her a role. She  didn't seem graceful, like in the stage version. (ie, falling while getting  into the taxi)  I really liked the Sheila, and I loved Terrance Mann. I  also found the drag show monologue very well done. It's good, but not even  close to the singular sensation it was onstage.
0446677450|5.0|that book is not just for learning about the financial aspects of life, it  is about life and how we go through it.  I highly recommend it.
B00004TRD8|5.0|this dvd rocks...but I have one problem with it....The case states that there are 3 versions of the movie.  But I have only found 2 ont the disc, where is the other?<br />can anyone tell me?
B000007S5B|4.0|In writing this review, I noted that several other customers had written  less than glowing reviews of &quot;Waiting for the Sun&quot;, while others  have hyped it as the Doors' best work.  As far as I'm concerned both camps  make good points, and the truth lies somewhere in-between.<br />&quot;Waiting  for the Sun&quot; is the only Doors album that has ever caused me to wonder  about the selection and placement of certain tracks.  &quot;Not to Touch  the Earth&quot;, a portion of Jim Morrison's &quot;Celebration of the  Lizard King&quot;, is juxtoposed between the uptempo, pop-driven &quot;Love  Street&quot; and the the haunting, wistful &quot;Summer's Almost  Gone&quot;, which doesn't really make a lot of sense from the standpoint of  the album's feel and continuity.  Personally, I think the band should have  done the entire &quot;Lizard King&quot; piece in its entirety and omitted  one or two of the weaker tracks, such as &quot;We Could Be So Good  Together&quot; or &quot;Yes, the River Knows&quot; to make room for  it.<br />Other than the two tracks I described as weak, &quot;Waiting for the  Sun is generally a very good Doors album although not up to either the  band's first album or &quot;Strange Days&quot; in terms of musicianship,  lyricism, or accessibility.  &quot;Hello I Love You&quot; is a pop staple,  &quot;The Unknown Soldier&quot; is the band's effort at war protest ala  Barry Maguire's &quot;Eve of Destruction&quot;, but the standout track from  both a musical and a lyrical standpoint is &quot;Five to One&quot;, a  generational anthem telling the listener that &quot;they (the  establishment) got the guns, but we got the numbers-gonna win you we're  takin' over, C'MON!&quot;  Two of my favorite songs on this album also  deserve mention: the previously discussed &quot;Summer's Almost Gone&quot;  and &quot;Wintertime Love&quot;.  Those songs complement each other quite  well.  A note for diehard Doors fans:  a different edit of &quot;Wintertime  Love&quot; is used on the CD than for the LP.  Listen to Morrison's  phrasing of the words &quot;trying so desperately to be free&quot; and Ray  Manzarek's harpsichord in the second verse.  I like the LP edit better  myself.<br />As the title of this review stated, there's no such thing as a  bad Doors album.  It's just that some are better than others.   &quot;Waiting for the Sun&quot;, while definitely a good album, is middle  of the pack compared to other Doors releases.
0446364495|5.0|The best book I've read in a looong time
B000002UB3|5.0|this song has a lot of feeling and heart and gets my blodd flowing
B000003BF1|5.0|Amazing how good this album sounds after 30 YEARS!  I didn't start digging  the Stones until the late 70's but this gem still finds an honored slot in  my CD changer.  Great Guitar Work.  Even on the (somewhat) weaker tracks,  like 'Country Honk', it's great fun to listen to two guitars trading rhythm  and lead interchangeably.  Of course, this album does have some killer,  choice cuts - example: 'Midnight Rambler.'  Now here's a relentless  steamroller of studio musicianship that doesn't let up until Mick snarls  that he'll &quot;stick my knife right down your throat baby 'til it hurts'  - so incredibly unpleasant.  What other &quot;mainstream&quot; band could  get away with lyrics like this?  But the song just flat out cranks with  multiplying guitars and throbbing base.  Of course, not every track has  such menacing themes - 'Monkey Man' for example - another underrated rock  classic - with goofy lyrics to boot: but, once again, great guitar work and  this time coupled with wonderfully complementary keyboards by Nicky  Hopkins.  It's tough to find a comparable rock album that has stood the  test of time.  Enjoy, enjoy, enjoy!
B000002I2G|3.0|I don't believe that there's such a thing as a bad Doors album.  &quot;The  Soft Parade&quot; came perilously close, however.  My biggest problem is  not with the songs so much as with their arrangements.  Someone came up  with the idea of trying to put string arrangements to most of the tracks in  the grand tradition of Phil Spector, and the simple fact is you can't do  this on a Doors record without blunting its sonic effect.<br />As a result,  the songs that were not sweetened by swelling orchestral music, notably  &quot;Shaman's Blues, &quot;Do It&quot;, &quot;Easy Ride&quot; &quot;Wild  Child&quot;, and especially the title track, come out as the edgy,  convention-defying kind of material we've come to expect from the Doors  instead of the fluffy ear candy that is the remainder of the album with the  exception of &quot;Running Blue&quot;, where the use of horns didn't seem  to inflict much damage.  <br />In my ranking of the six studio LP's the Doors  did with Morrison, &quot;The Soft Parade&quot; is tied with &quot;LA  Woman&quot; for dead last place.  That's not necessarily a bad thing, given  the fact that the Doors' entire catalog is better than the best albums of  some other bands.
B00003CXCS|5.0|This long-awaited DVD release is more than worth the wait. Not only is the transfer flawless and the sound and picture stunning, but the second disk  contains information about the Von Trapp family and the production itself  that help round out what is a wondrous motion picture experience. In short,  this might be the best DVD ever produced, and it is certainly the biggest  DVD bargain at the present time.<br />I won't dwell on the movie, since most  everyone already knows how great it is. What sets this DVD apart is the  wealth of background information about the movie--the family, the  production, the crew, and the actors--contained on disk two. Even though I  have read about the Von Trapps, I had no idea what the whole story was  until watched disk two. It was astounding. And the background info from  many of the still-living actors was priceless.<br />If you love &quot;The  Sound Of Music&quot; like I do, shame on you if you don't run to the  nearest retailer and get it. Once you see it, your life will indeed be  filled with the sound of music.
B00004U9MS|5.0|Coldplay is a band of complete uniqueness and originality all their own.   For those of you who have been told that Coldplay is just another  &quot;knock-off Radiohead or Travis&quot;, it is a sad misjudgment! Make  sure you give it a listen before deciding.  Coldplay combine great  musicianship and passionate lyrics for  outstanding listening pleasure.
B0000214F0|1.0|Alright, I understand that if you happen to be looking for a copy of this movie, then something about it tickles your fancy, but I cannot understand  the amount of praise this dreadful celluloid sludge is getting here.  Bob  Guccione sponsored this film through production but was unsatisfied by the  amount of nudity director Tinto Brass had filmed.  So, he stormed the set  at night with some Penthouse Pets and added a good bit of hardcore porn to  the movie.  So, rather than getting an amazingly boring Roman epic (as  Brass' footage indicates), we get the same boring film with some grotesque,  over-the-top pornography.  Of course, nothing about this movie is  subtle--McDowell gives an exaggerated imitation of his role from A  Clockwork Orange, yet fails to make us fear him the way that earlier role  did.  The violence is nasty beyond words.  In fact, the excessively bloody  sexual mutilation and decapitation ruins any erotic potential the movie's  numerous sex scenes had. The script is full of cheesy dialogue, making me  wonder how much actually came from Gore Vidal's original screenplay.  (Both  Vidal and Brass now disown the film.)  To make matters worse, the quality  of the print is horrible.  The cinematography is dull and dark, and the  costumes seemed designed merely to provide easy access to the actor's  bodies.  If you are still interested after all of these negatives, consider  the film's ungodly length of almost two and a half hours.  Are you sure you  want to do this?  If I haven't turned you away by now, by all means order  this DVD.  Don't say you weren't warned.
B00003CWN3|5.0|I bought the movie because Alicia Goranson was in it and I wanted to see how old she looks now since she left &quot;Roseanne&quot;.  But when I  watched the movie I couldn't believe how excellent it was and I would  recommend anyone to watch it!  Although more then half way through it I  felt like putting it off and returning it to the store I bought it from,  but when the movie finished I thought and still think it is one of the best  true life films ever!    I didn't know the story or hadn't even heard of  Teena Brandon until I watched the film, and I am now going to purchase the  book &quot;All she wanted&quot; by Aphrodite Jones.<br />All the actors did a  10 out 10 performance and made the film a watchable experience to see over  and over again! The song &quot;Bluest eyes in Texas&quot; was the core song  of the film and is brilliantly put in at the end scene as an  instrumental!
6300216802|5.0|Out of all the STAR TREK movies this is my favorite.  The acting and special effects are some of the best I have ever seen.  In my opinion this  movie is better then Star Wars but to be honest STAR TREK is BETTER than  Star Wars!
B00003W8NM|5.0|Is FIGHT CLUB a mirage is a desert of garbage called Hollywood? I am so stunned that a film of this quality has come out of modern Hollywood. I'm  tempted to say that it is the best film of the past 20 years. I am glad to  see Brad Pitt acting again, something I've not seen from him since THELMA  AND LOUISE. Ed Norton is his usual brilliant self, and director Fincher is  the best thing to hit films in a decade. The DVD release is so full of  extras it will take an entire day just to view disc #2!
B00003CWNR|3.0|I saw CIDER HOUSE RULES at the movies. Between the publicity at that time, then with its Oscar nominations, and now on Amazon, I have yet to come across anyone saying . . .<br /><br />1. Isn't everyone getting tired of movie moms being so stupid? Wally's mother has her son's girlfriend Candy fooling around with Homer right under her nose, but she doesn't know it?<br /><br />2. Homer's fling with Candy proves that, when it's the movies, the guy gets the girl regardless of how much disbelief the audience must suspend. What did he have to offer her that she couldn't get from a guy who didn't look like her little brother?<br /><br />3. Until I found out Homer and Candy get together in the book version of CIDER HOUSE RULES, I thought their affair was just an excuse to exploit the attractive actress Charlize Theron.<br /><br />4. CIDER HOUSE RULES was the first film with Michael Caine that I was able to catch at the movies in more than ten years. Great talent always finds its way back on top. As I write this, Michael Caine has appeared in about 90 films.<br /><br />5. After leaving the orphanage, Homer is the only white person rooming with several black men, but no one so much as blinks? This was 60 years ago, when whites and blacks didn't even drink from the same water fountains. Even today, how many situations do you see where a white person is in the minority, outside of basketball, football, or the latest Tarzan movie?<br /><br />I liked CIDER HOUSE RULES mostly for Michael Caine and the orphanage but, for the above reasons, found the cider house aspect of the story too Hollywood.
B000009DUY|4.0|When I first heard this soundtrack I thought is was boring.  But after I  watched the movie a few times it caught on to me.  Hymn to the Fallen is  probably the most remembered song on the soundtrack because it makes me  remember all the brave men who fought for our freedom.  It also makes me  wonder if I could be as brave as they were in a time where everyone seems  to think they are the most important person than anyone else.
0767849493|3.0|Quite funny (haha) film is marred by uneven acting, dialog, pace.  Kevin (Silent Bob) Smith earns points for tackling an iconoclastic interpretation  of his religion, and it's refreshing to see angels in some other form than  the usual airy-fairy brooch or wind chime. <br />Hip Christians will probably  revel in its affirmation of their particular faith, but this non-Christian  found the film merely amusing.  Maybe you gotta be Christian to  &quot;get&quot; some of the jokes, but there are some conflicting messages  that don't see to be due to artistic license... I felt Smith makes the  denizens of heaven more Olympian than Christian.  <br />A curious film, will  get you talking, at the very least.
B00003CX95|4.0|Mel Gibson's very fine multiple Academy Award winning Braveheart delivers all the meat and potatoes, good plot, solid acting heavy action and  stunning cinematography. Unforunately cinematographer John Toll's efforts  are reduced in splendor since this DVD suffers from some of the poorest  color timing I have ever encountered on DVD. The luminance is too low, the  colors are pale and too greenish. Although the image is fairly crisp the  murky colors truly affect the enjoyment of Bravheart. Even on the Paramount  logo you can tell the the reddish part on the horizon doesn't come out at  all. Cool movie, poor mastering, I hereby vote for a remastered Braveheart  re- release!
B00004U30D|5.0|Spacey won one of the most well-deserved and above critcs OSCARS of all times !. Hes magnific. But this is not the main factor. The main factor  is: this screenplay is magnificent. Everything conspires to make the  audience care and pay attentio to each single character thats shown across  the screen. Amazing For those people who think &quot;THE PATRIOT&quot; is a  great movie, watch this one...
0767903854|5.0|I live in New Zealand, which most of you Amazonians will regard as being  so close and similar to Australia that I'd hardly find a travel book on our  Western neighbour at all novel or interesting.<br /> Not so. Australia is a  weird and strange continent, a place where you can buy a bong at a gas  station, where dingoes might or might not eat babies, and where the cops  will call you &quot;mate&quot; before chucking you in the paddy wagon.<br />  This catalogue of oddities, along with the fact that Bill Bryson is the  finest travel writer to ever wear a tweed jacket and look gently  bewildered, convinced me to buy this book (titled &quot;Down Under&quot;  here for some reason) as soon as it became available.<br /> And a very  enjoyable book it is too. I've read a few of Bill Bryson's books; possibly  all of them. His earlier sniffs at the curious underbellies of Europe and  the US accompanied me as I chuckled my way around each continent. Mother  Tongue and Made in America are favourites; A Walk in the Woods certainly  not. In a Sunburned Country was familiarly enjoyable. I like a guy who  finds everything interesting (even boring things) and I like a guy who can  write about the things he finds interesting in an interesting way. I like a  guy who'll drive all day to watch stomatites bubble (please go right ahead  and correct my spelling.)<br /> It's a funny country, Australia. This book  pretty much sums it up.
0743200799|4.0|As a fan of both the technical and managerial histories of our space  program, I found this book a valuable addition to my library.  His story  serves to bridge the gap between the highly technical histories and  academic texts and the political/policy decisions at the highest level.  I  have no doubt that Mr. Kranz has accurately portrayed the working  atmosphere of Mission Control and, more importantly, described the  mission-oriented work ethic at the ground level.  Having read this book,  the reader will better understand why so much was done so well and why some  things went very wrong.<br />This book is also a good study of the way in  which high-profile government and civilian projects were run in those heady  post-Sputnik days.  In many ways, this was our generation's Manhattan  Project, and one can not read this story without recalling the mixed  blessings of pride and hubris.<br />Mr. Kranz has done a service by giving us,  in a frank but eminently readable way, his view of one of America's finest  hours.
6305426651|5.0|This is one of the best movies I have ever seen!   At first I would have never suspected the drama that this wonderful movie brought my heart to. It  makes us feel all those human emotions of fear, anger, desperation and  endless LOVE between man and woman, father, mother and son!   It is a  movie that everyone should see! You will not regret it!
6301543408|1.0|This is by far the worst Star Trek film ever made. (Along with that yawner &quot;Star Trek 1&quot;) Stupid script and lousy special effects. Very  boring. Very dull. Do not buy Star Trek V.
B000002H70|5.0|One of the greatest albums ever made. Dark as an empty moonlit seashore  and melancholic as an old faded picture, &quot;Disintegration&quot; takes  you to the world of absolute sadness and passion. From the first seconds of  &quot;Plainsong&quot; to the magical end of &quot;Untitled&quot; you'll  feel like wandering in a &quot;Fascination Street&quot; and believe me you  won't like getting out. Robert Smith unfolds his distressful soul in a  unique way and that gift leads to the top moment of the late 80's.
6300216268|5.0|I can find no second place to this movie,the casting,acting,script,story,soundtrack,cinematography and that car combine  to please me like no other film. Even the film stock used in that early  70's period combinded with the video reproduction give you the feeling your  watching something special.Highlights include a shot of Harold and Maude  visiting a grave,the camera pans back until progressivly the entire shot  (encompassing miles of rolling hills)contains nothing but endless rows of  identical white tombstones,also the moments when Harolds(Bud Cort) eyes  meet the camera are absolutely heartstopping.   To more objective  matters,the car is actually a hearse cross E-Type Jaguar, And to help some  other queries the otherwise unavailable songs&quot;If you want to sing  out'sing out&quot; and &quot;Dont be shy&quot; are included on Cat Stevens  Greatest Hits Vol.3
B00003CX95|5.0|Anyone who thinks &quot;Braveheart&quot; isn't a good movie doesn't know what they are talking about. Mel Gibson put in much of his time and effort  to bring us nearly 3 hours of history come alive. He also not only starred  in it but directed and fit very well into his role as William Wallace. He  not only uses his big sword to kick English ### but he uses his fiery  intellect as well. True that this movie is extremely violent but thats what  war is. The freedom speech he gives his men near the opening battle can put  a  chill up your spine and so will his excecution. This is a very  emotionally driven film. The sound quality on the DVD will blow you away  yet the picture is even better. Probably ranks as one of the greatest war  epics in a long time. Own &quot;Braveheart&quot; today on DVD! I also  highly recommend getting &quot;Saving Private Ryan&quot; if your into war  films.
B00004STOV|5.0|I lived i a shared flat when I was student; we put thousands of times the  tape of 'Bill Evans at the Village Vanguard', while we took coffe, study or  simply let the minutes go by...some day, a film of Bill Evans playing its  piano appeared on TV, he had the head completely turned to the front, he  was like looking at the foot, while playing so sensitive as he was...  unforgettable!!
B00000J7JO|5.0|How often can you find a CD where you like just about every single track?  Not often enough!  This is the Chili Peppers at their best. You can tell  the band poured their heart and soul into this one.  Worth every penny!
B000001Y42|4.0|I LUV LIMP BIZKIT.  THERE A REALLY TALENTED BAND, BUT SINGNIFICAT OTHER  WAS A BETTER CD.  BUT THIS CD IS STILL PHAT! I LOVE IT, AND I WOULD NEVER  GIVE IT UP.  IF YOU DON'T HAVE ANY OF LIMP'S CDS, GET THEM NOW!!!!!!!!!!  THERE REALLY GOOD! LIMP BIZKIT IS VERY TALENTED! AND IF YOU THINK THERE  JUST ANOTHER N SYNC AND BACK DOOR BOYS, WHAT IS YOUR PROBLEM????????
B00000J6AG|4.0|Moby is a genius when it comes to creating, mixing and layering sounds.  Some songs on this CD exude with a ghostly nostalgia,(track 4 and track 18)  echoing the kind of emotions that feel more and more surreal as they  intensify. He also manages to create frantic, fast-paced beats without  resorting to the kind of audial flashiness that sound like they belong at  some dance club. &quot;Play&quot; is by turns soothing in it's simplicity,  beguiling in it's originality, and rousing in it's sensationalism. I was  really impressed with the way Moby's songs unfold in a very natural way,  the noises and sounds entwine gracefully 100% of the time. You don't have  to be a techno fan to appreciate this kind of music, it's pretty much a  mood language that anyone can indulge in.
B00004T37H|5.0|From the creative mind of Hayao Miyazaki, veritable George Lucas of the Eastern world, comes an animated film that is right out of ancient legend  itself.  It follows the journey of a young prince in Japan who is in a clan  being hunted down by the Yamato government regime.  He is attacked by a  demon,  and the wise woman of his village tells him that he must leave and  travel to the West.  Once he does, all Hell breaks loose. This film is a  highly metaphorical tale for today, essentially<br />being about the conflicts  between industrialism and mystisicm. I do not reccomend this to children  despite it's mild PG-13 rating due to graphic gore and content(Although  done in a completely non-mindless way, only to help progress a story). If  you are an anime fan, I guarantee this will be your favorite movie from now  on.
B000002U84|3.0|What can I say about this album that hasn't been said?  If you are buying  the CD to replace a vinyl that has seen better days, be prepared.  This CD  is different.  I don't understand why Duran Duran has to remix everything  several times, but the album is definitly different.  Most of the album was  remixed for the US release, the most noteable is &quot;my own way&quot;  which suffered terribly through the transition.  Get the original version  on the video album.  &quot;hungry like the wolf&quot; may have reverted to  it's original english 45 release on this album, it is definitly missing a  few notes.  The bass guitar on &quot;hold back the rain&quot; is now  missing, and in some song the drum kit seems to have been lost too.<br />It's  okay, but the remix hurts what was once a very dynamic album.<br />John
B00003CXCS|5.0|The Sound of Music was an annual event in my family because it aired on TV once a year while I was growing up.  Even though I've seen the movie many  times, I just watched the DVD version and was amazed that I had either  forgotten or never &quot;heard&quot; some of the dialog before.<br />The film  transfer and the re-done sound in dolby 4.1 is awesome (especially when you  consider I've seen the movie mostly on TV in mono!).   I haven't had a  chance to review the second DVD with all the extras yet, but you can bet I  will.  <br />What surprises me is that they've never re-done and re-released  The Sound of Music in the theatre.  I'm sure is would do well.  The wide  screen format onthe DVD is really great, so you can really see things that  were cut off in TV broadcasts.<br />Buy it, you won't be disappointed.
0440180295|4.0|The book is first of all an easy read and one could easily finish this novel in less than week.  The prose is uncomplicated but the timeline jumps  back and forth through different perios in Billy Pilgrim's life.  One  widespread factor that remains throughout the book is that everyone dies.  \\"So it goes.\\"  The way in which I interpreted the book is that individuals  are swept up in the entire global/political state of affairs and many of us  unfortunately do not have a choice about where our lives will lead us.  It's not that there isn't any free will, but rather we are all subject to  the circumstances around us and we must deal with that.  The only way we  can exist is in the present - the past and future are out of our grasps.<br />This limiting way of looking at life is explained to Billy by some  affable aliens from the planet Tralfamadore.  He swept up into their way of  thinking when he was in Europe fighting the Germans in WWII.  He witnesses  the overall cruelty of humans toward other humans and is surprisingly  indifferent toward the destruction because it is out of his hands.  So it  goes...  Read the book with an open mind and enjoy yourself while you read  it.
B00004TH7Z|5.0|Firstly I should point out that I am not a slavish devotee of the  &quot;Irons&quot; and came to this album with a totally unbiased approach.  I was greatly impressed, this is certainly the best Maiden album since  Stranger In A Strange Land and the best Metal release for some years. This  album stands as proof that this genre of music can be musically intricate,  melodic and lyrically inteligent without losing any of it's impact or  intensity. OK, there is nothing radically new from Maiden here but they  certainly sound fresh and hungry. In any case, when a band sounds this on  top their game why change anything? The subject matter of the songs is  varied and genuinely interesting (no album full of songs about Satan or  girls and cars for these guys!) The musicianship is as proficient as ever  and if anything Bruce's vocal performance is his best yet (check out the  closing bars of &quot;A Thin Line Between Love And Hate&quot; for proof.) I  was particularly struck with the way the rhythm section is so tight yet the  drum and bass sound in places retains a very live &quot;ragged&quot; feel  reminicent of the vibe from the best Indie or thrash bands. The production  is clean and crisp and yet manages to still sound heavy and the album comes  alive when played on a decent system at an unreasonable volume!  For some  reason classic English Metal has always seemed more authentic than the  rather more theatrical approach of it's American counterpart, and for me  this generally means that the music has rather more longevity and depth  (don't start sending hate mail - I love US metal too it's just a different  approach.) These guys are as English as they come. The appeal of Maiden has  always been their musical dexterity, the unusual themes of their songs and  perhaps most importantly the complex tempo changes. This time around Maiden  demonstrate all of these elements perhaps better than ever before. Standout  tracks? They all standout!! But checkout &quot;Wicker Man&quot; the  aforementioned &quot;Thin Line&quot; and &quot;Dream In Black and  White&quot; for starters. You will soon find that the other tracks become  equal favourites after successive listens. Finally, if you're not already  convinced about this one let me finish by saying that having been a  committed Metalhead since the age of 12, I became disalusioned with the  scene in the early nineties and moved onto Indie, Pop, Jazz, Dance even  Country! This album reaffirmed my love of the music and I am a committed  fan once more. Buy it, Play it, Love it ! Up the Irons.
B00004TL21|1.0|This stuff is garbage.  Why is angry music so popular?
067144901X|5.0|My daughter is 3 years old now and still loves this book. We received it as a baby shower gift. During some of the long nights  when we first got  home, I would read her this book because I enjoyed it so much. The rest of  the family - even the 2 teenagers - enjoyed reading it also. It quickly  became the favorite and the &quot;Moo book&quot; is read every night. The  book is falling apart - due to an unexpected trip into the bathtub one  night :) - and we try not to use it too much so we just recite it from  memory. I'm buying 5 copies for friends that are having babies and a couple  more for me. I want to put one away for my daughter to have for her kids  some day and &quot;grandma and grandpa&quot; will need one too! Buy it --  you won't regret it!
B0000039QA|5.0|I loved this album allot, I bought it last year and it's stil play in my  cd plyer cause of the produxction and quality is perfect. I can't beleive  he's dead..he had some much talent that i still mourn his death everytime I  listen to this album. this is a hip hop classic album and now I know why.
0790749998|3.0|This tale of Bay-area gang warfare serves as an odd vehicle for Jet Li to bring his magic to these shores. An African-American organized crime  godfather hopes to go legit by delivering waterfront property to an  investment group planning to propose a new Oakland football team to the  NFL. A competing Chinese crime organization is gathering up their own  property, and tensions are tight. When the son of the Chinese don is  murdered, blame predictably falls on the African gang.     But wait, the  Chinese godfather has his another son, the ineffable Han (Li), who, upon  hearing news of his brother's demise, breaks out of Hong Kong prison and  hightails it to the states. My wife comments that he's cute. Once there, he  meets and starts flirting with the black don's legitimately successful  daughter. Thus the Romeo references.<br />More siblings die. Betrayals ensue.  There are a smattering of fighting scenes, some fun, some ludicrous  (&quot;I can't hit a girl&quot;), and some with ridiculous special effects.  The soundtrack is &quot;urban&quot; and of varying levels of excitement.  Most of the characters are cartoons, but most are played with some level of  relish. Delroy Lindo gives the role of the senior Capulet much more effort  than the part is worth. Russell Wong is pretty slick. Everybody else is  pretty satisfactory, if not exciting.<br />Nobody's promising a classic, it's  just fun.
B00000IAU3|5.0|I first heard the song &quot;Here With Me&quot; while watching my favorite  show Roswell and I went crazy trying to find the cd.  All I have to say is  thank god I finally found it.  What an excellent album.  She has such an  amazing voice and her songs are exceptional.  Don't miss listening to all  her work.
0783222955|5.0|Harper Lee's novel warmed my heart, but I never thought a movie could be made that stuck to the story as well and also explained a bit more about  the mother, who passed away.  When Robert Mulligan and Horton Foote  promised Ms. Lee they wouldn't change her novel, they did as they promised.     The casting is perfect, Mr. Peck is the perfect person to portray  Atticus Finch and why I believed lawyers were for actually for the  innocent.   Phillip Alford and Mary Badham were simply very normal,  energetic southern kids who play their parts to a &quot;T&quot;.   The  children learn that the world doesn't necessarily revolve around them, but  tosses itself at the them, whether or not they're ready. What they perceive  as mundane, isn't! What they fear their entire lives turns out to be what  saves them from another evil from which they have to escape.  Great and  scary and moving and I can't say enough, but what a great movie.  No real  violence and cursing on screen, and  the &quot;N&quot; word used only to  demonstrate the ignorance and stupidity of certain characters.  I was  thirteen, Yokosuka Naval Base, Japan and could see it for free; I surely  did, over and over.  Now, I've viewed it with my ten and eleven year old  grandchildren and what an experience that was. You won't find another movie  to sit and watch with the family that leaves your heart warm to the very  core and makes it easier to look out at the dark and not feel so scared.  Thank you Mr. Peck,  and Harper Lee.   Absolutely great!.
B00003CX6P|5.0|I just cant understand why this movie got so bad reviews. In my opinion this is one of the best films of the year 1999. Better than American Beauty  anyway. This movie is flawless. The actors are terrific. Matt Damon gives  the performance of his career, very brave and very brilliant. Jude Law  deserved his Oscar nomination and Gwyneth Paltrow is even better here than  in Shakespeare in love. Philip Seymour Hoffman and Cate Blanchet make a  great supporting cast. This is a movie filled with suspence and beauty.  Its a disturbing experience but at the same time beautiful. A brilliant  screenplay, this is one of the most underrated movies ever made and much  better than Minghellas other masterpiece, The English Patience. A must buy  for anyone who apreciates something different than the old clichs.
0060920084|3.0|Since I am iconoclastic and have a sardonic sense of humor a number of friends told me how hysterical this book was prompting me to buy it.   However, I had reservations based upon my disappointment with Bryson's  &quot;Notes from a Small Island&quot;.  About half way through this book my  sentiments with this book were similar.  Initially his observations make  you laugh, but they soon begin to sound shrill and sometimes mean.  The  ongoing descriptons of gluttonous and overweight Americans quickly become  old and ring unkind.  They are also ironic from someone who continually  describes retiring to his hotel room with a six pack and a package of  Reeses cups.<br />For those who enjoy sardonic humor the book starts out  strong.  Bryson skewers mundane, middle brow, consumption obsessed American  culture.  However, Bryson often undermines his valid points about the  suffocation of America's small towns due to those proliferation of soleless  strip malls along the highways lining the communities' outskirts.  The  author is an unabashed Anglophile and rather than simply allowing these apt  observations to stand by themselves he diminishes them by pointing out how  these American communities pale in his eyes when compared with those of  Britain.  He also suggests that welcoming, seemingly credulous,Americans  are somehow less capable, even less intelligent, and certainly less  sophisticated (in his opinion) than their British counterparts.<br />Clearly  there are many things than can be improved in the United States and we have  wasted much of our heritage through unrestained commericalism and  development. However, Philadelphia is more than a slum, New York is more  than a citadel of crime and depravity, and there are certainly more than a  few handsome, viable, culturally sophisticated communities in the entire  United States.  At the end of his tour of the country he clearly  nostalgically, but almost begrudeonly, warms to and acknowledges that there  are some positive aspects of American culture, At that point, however, the  reader has become alienated.  Many of us realize what is lacking in many of  our communities and we don't need Bill Bryson to validate what's right  about the United States or much less  to suggest that England is the ideal  prototype for us to model.
B00004TRD8|5.0|First off I must admit I was very disappointed that this DVD was delayed in Canada, and I had to drive down to the States to purchase it, I just  couldn't wait. But after getting a great price and finally finish watching  the six hours of footage on the DVD I think it was all worth it. I have  seen the movie numerous times before, and even now I still love it. The  special extended version of the movie is just great, and I was kind of  surprised that they actually cut some of that stuff out of the original  release. None the less, I'm glad we get to see it now. Even though  Canadians will have a tough time finding this, seek it out, cause you won't  be sorry!
B00003CWTI|4.0|Magnolia picks up for me where Boogie Nights left off. What I liked about this movie is the characters. They aren't your usuall hollywood cardboard  cutout, boring, no depth people. They are frail and have weakness in them,  and sometimes you have to look for reasons to like them, like in real life.  Tom Cruise takes a good turn here, I think, better than most of his movies.  His Frank TJ Mackey character strikes of a cartoon, but then think about  the people you see everyday on informercials, don't they as well?<br />It has  some twists, and the ending makes no real sense, except to say that we as  humans, do find ourselves in ironic and fascinating circumstances  everyday.<br />The DVD version is great for fans of the movie or supplement  geeks. There is a Frank TJ Mackey infomercial that is hilarious, some  deleted scenes (check for them on the color bar segment), and a nice Amy  Mann video. I haven't listened to the commentary yet but have read on DVD  sites that it is quality as well. <br />All in all a great movie if you are  looking for a thinking movie or something out of the ordinary. If not,  Rambo will be out on DVD soon, so rejoice.
0792151712|3.0|I think everyone has seen it.  Knows what it's about.  It was entirely too long.  The unrelated love story should have been left out and released as  &quot;Jack &amp; Rose.&quot;  Then we could have watched a 2 hour movie  depicting the boat and what REALLY happened on it.  If you want to see a  lovestory, see &quot;Romeo and Juliet&quot; or &quot;Titanic.&quot;  If you  want to see a movie about the Titanic, watch a documentary.<br />3 stars for  awesome effects.
B00000ADG2|5.0|In the Miseducation album, Lauryn has shown a great deal of originality in  every single aspect of the work. She used the &quot;miseducation&quot; part  of the title extremly well and I especially liked the idea of the  &quot;classroom scenes&quot;, they were very creative and the children were  discussing an extremly fragile topic as well. The variety continues into  the actual music, where L-Boogie combines rap/hip-hop with gospel and  r&amp;b to &quot;produce/words so profuse&quot; that shows superior skill  in rhyming as well as a wonderful voice! Well done L-Boogie!!! Keep 'em  comin'!!!!
0393307050|1.0|You know those books that you read thinking, \\"Okay, not really exciting, but it's got some potential.  Maybe the author will come  around...\\"?  And then after a while you think, \\"Well, I've read  most of it.  I might as well finish it.\\".  And then you finally finish  it and think, \\"Man, that book turned out okay after all.\\"       This is not that book.      This book should be stored in the \\"Not  Unless I Was Stranded on a Deserted Island\\" section at the local  library.  Yes, it has all the neat \\"classical\\" words and ship  terms of the Napoleanic-era naval world.  Yes, the characters have some  interesting quirks and there are some insights into the naval life of that  period.  And, yes, people rave about this book.    Don't, don't, don't  believe the hype!    Two types of people should read this book:  History  majors and \\"guys\\" trying to read more.  I'm talking about those  Tom Clancy reading-types who don't need a plot just things blowing up a  lot.      Don't read the book looking for an exciting plot; it is a set-up  book (i.e. Star Wars Episode I).  Entire plot is scheduled (yes, like a  train-\\"hit this plot point, then lets rush to this one\\", etc) to  set-up the next book.  I won't ruin the ending for you, because there  really isn't one.  Although two hundred pages before the ending it is  painfully obvious and the reader is left to sit and wait and read on as  O'Brian strokes his inflated ego and pats himself on the back for being  such a great writer.  (\\"I'll just keep reading, maybe there is a  surprise ending.  It can't be this obvious, can it?\\")    There is a  surpise at the end of the book waiting for you:      You paid money for a  book and ended up just getting a really long, first chapter.     For me,  personally, there is an ironic twist to this whole deal.  I bought this  book through Amazon.  Now every time I log on I get a  \\"recommended\\" list, 90% composed of, you guessed it, O'Brian  books.  (I've even gone in and rated the book with the worstpossible  score, but to no avail.)    And they say God doesn't have a sense of humor.
B000023VR6|4.0|Overall, I feel that this is a really great CD, and I was going to award 5  stars, but I dislike the way that Dr. Dre &quot;hid&quot; behind a huge  gathering of support artists (The Watcher is the only song featuring just  Dre). I'd like Dre to consider this comment very carefully in planning  future albums.
B00004SCX6|4.0|Yes Britney has produced another exallant album, i have to say that its  not as good as the first one becouse half way through the cd the songs are  very simmilar and all blend in together leaving only the few second gap  between songs to tell where one ends and another begins.  But i do recomend  this becouse some of the songs are realy good like: Opps i did it again,  stronger, i cant get no satiafaction, and lucky.  The only dissapointing  song is dear diary which i have to say is more for teenage girls like  myself but even i dont realy like it!  But all in all i like this cd and i  also love baby one more time i say get them both!
0425107469|5.0|After I read seize the night i started reading dean koontz books.This was  my fifth book and the best yet. This is a wonderful book and I would  recommend it to anyone.
B00003CXGG|2.0|After buying this DVD from Amazon and hearing some good reviews about the movie, I have to say I was slightly disapointed with the overall  movie.<br />First off the story gets far to confusing, the badies are not bad  enought (playing n64 games at one point in the movie) and lastly the action  sequences and few and far between and when they do come the are a let down,  well over the top, A sort of kung fu matrix style action,<br />I would have to  tell anyone thinking of buying this to please save there money and If they  are after an action movie get the matrix or the more recent release of  chill factor
6305137293|1.0|I don't know why people are praising this DVD version of Halloween 2. Goodtimes is a cr*p video production company and they just reinforced that  with this bad DVD. First of all large harsh dancing areas of one color are  seen even in the bright protions of the DVD and really get annoying in the  dark. Secondly, the transfer is way too dark. I can't see anything! I have  to put the brightness up so high which results in the black bars being  illuminated and also seeing that the black bars are alot brighter (and  browner! ) than the movie viewing area itself. ANCHOR BAY, PLEASE GET THE  RIGHTS FROM GOODTIMES AND SHOW THEM WHAT A DVD IS SUPPOSED TO LOOK LIKE!   Oh yes there are no extras to boot.
0767903854|4.0|I enjoyed Bill Bryson's Sunburned Country, immensely. I was in hysterics  immediately as he described succumbing to jet lag and falling asleep in a  friend's car and waking up covered in liberal dribblings. His whole journey  was most splendid and entertaining.<br />Bill Bryson has the ability to take  you right to his place of observation and makes you want to ring up and  book yourself on the next plane. <br />As usual, his pages are spattered with  lots of anecdotes and all sorts of interesting facts - I mean what country  goes and loses its Prime Minister to a morning paddle ?   <br />The book is  fascinating to everyone with an inkling of an interest in travel and/or  anyone who enjoys having their ribs tickled at regular intervals.
B000002KKX|4.0|Not withstanding our friend Barfo, (who is probably a Metallica fan), this  is one of the outstanding debut albums of the last 25 years.  Great hooks,  evocative melodies and flawless musicianship and production mark this  offering.   The fact that artists the stature of Michael McDonald and Glen  Frey were willing to sing back-up speaks for itself.  Like others, I hope  Cross can recapture some of the magic that is so evident in this album.
B00004SYWZ|5.0|A work of art. Crafty song writing will leave you wanting more.
B00003CWTI|5.0|This film was extremely well written. A reflection of life. Love is why we are here on earth to live and that is shown in Magnolia. Many films have  all the characters tied in to one another interwoven and all that, but this  film's characterization was keen-on. Respect children. So many feelings and  life situations are in the stories in this film that have never been on  film before. At the theatre I was moved,shaken,inspired,uplifted and  emotional. Everyone else who saw it as well, after the credits couldn't  move, couldn't put their coats on and walk out. Paul Thomas Anderson is one  of the finest filmmakers of all time, we will know this when the world ends  and we can cast our vote. I do not want to ruin any of the story, the sky  opened up in this film. Magnolia is absolutely amazing, excellent writing,  character orginization, time, elements, color, weather, plot, story,  resolution, cinematography. Every element of a fine film. WATCH IT!
B0000203YT|5.0|Wouldn't be terrific of you could go back in time to Elzabethan England and explore London then? Better yet, why not tag along with Will Shakspeare  as he struggles to overcome writer's block, get a new play performed, and  win the hand (having captured the heart) of the woman he loves? Well, in a  sense you can. Viewing this film will at least give you a feel for (and  countless compelling images of) what it was probably like in young  Shakespeare's London. Thus far, I have seen this film more than a dozen  times and enjoy it more each time I see it again. Paltrow, Fiennes, and  Rush carry most of the film but be alert to brief but memorable appearances  by Dench, Everett, Firth, and Holm. If you like this film as much as I do,  check out The Lion in Winter, Becket, A Man for All Seasons, the first few  minutes of Olivier's film of Henry V, and Elizabeth.
B00004TWZF|3.0|I loved this movie, but it is unfortunate that the DVD version has only the longer director's cut.  The shorter version released in America was a  better movie, tightly edited, with a more interesting and enigmatic  portrait of the diver, Jacque.  They also, mercifully, replaced the  original French new-age soundtrack, which drove us crazy when we watched  the long version.
079213690X|5.0|There are five reasons why I rate this film so highly: great plot, great acting, outstanding production values, timeless themes, and indelible  images. As you probably know already, the movie focuses on William Wallace  who led the Scots to great victories before being betrayed, tortured, and  executed. Gibson combines his usual zest for physical activity with much of  the same sensitivity he revealed when portaying Hamlet. The supporting cast  members are all first-rate. Perhaps only Gladiator and Saving Private Ryan  are the film's equal in terms of production values. The battle scenes are  the most exciting I have as yet seen filmed. In sharp contrast, there are  lovely scenes of village life amidst the surrounding countryside. The  timeless themes include variations on David &amp; Goliath, the betrayal and  execution of Jesus Christ, and Odysseus' ordeals during his return to  Ithaca. There are so many vivid images it is difficlt to select a few as  examples. For me, details of the battle scenes and then the torturing of  Wallace are most memorable. Unlike so many other epics (eg El Cid, Quo  Vadis, and Cleopatra), Braveheart is one you will wish to see again and  again and again.
B000002LRX|5.0|...asks Mike Patton on this, easily the most underrated album of the '90s  - it is light years ahead of it's time. I bought this album when it was  first released in '92, being 19 years old and already a pretty big fan of  FNM, but nothing on earth could prepare the listener for this, and eight  years later it still hits you like a sledgehammer. Quite simply, the most  emotionally draining, mood altering album available. Genres collide, ideas  explode and hooks crash together, and still it sounds as cohesive as a  classical piece! Anybody who seriously thinks that Korn, Slipknot, etc. are  the epitome of heavy music, get your head out of the sand and realize it  was done as a masterstroke almost a decade ago, rendering all newcomers  redundant. In my 900+ album collection, covering everything from jazz to  country to classic rock to &quot;alternative&quot; (or whatever that means  today) and back again, this astonishing, indescribable album is one of the  top ten, an amazing &amp; unforgettable journey from start to finish.  &quot;Angel Dust&quot; is Faith No More's, not to mention heavy rock's,  finest hour.
B00003CXFU|4.0|As is so often the case with a film based on a real person, this film continues to be at the center of controversy. I have no idea how  &quot;true&quot; its screenplay is and now comment on the film itself.  First off, I think Roberts's acting is solid but hardly worthy of the  lavish praise it has received. True, it's hard not to notice her but she is  hardly in the same league with Field and Streep who portrayed similar  characters. Albeit less photgenic and certainly less energetic, Albert  Finney (as Ed Masry) does much the better job. Given the tragic and  potentially tragic circumstances presented in the film, I expected them to  be the primary source of tension rather than whether or not Erin will get a  job, win the lawsuit after the automobile accident, etc. As is, the film's  priorities seem to suggest that Erin's sense of self-worth is more  important than a cancer which has killed or will kill less glamorous folk.  I enjoyed the movie. I wish I could admire it more.
B00003CWTI|5.0|I have just seen the VHS Version of this movie, and I can tell that with no doubth this is the best 1999 movie.<br />P.T.Anderson continues surprising  us with it's assebly of characters, music and dialogs.<br />Difficult to start  the movie, it is certainly not for every one dish, If you like real  intelligent and well done cine, go and buy one.
B00004XPQL|5.0|This is one of the best movies that I have ever seen! It's amazing and has a totally terrific ending!
B00003CWTI|5.0|This is one of the greatest films of all time, and I eagerly awaited my DVD from Amazon.com, and just received it today....and unlike the  advertisement on Amazon.com and the Magnoliamovie.com website, there are NO  deleted scenes on this 2 DVD set.  Unless I'm missing something, and after  2 hours of trying to find them and nothing indicating them (even  cryptically) on the sleeve or the DVD menu, and not even finding them  tucked away on the program someplace, I am concluding they are not there.  Let this be a warning to you who wants to buy it -- the advert on here  (amazon) is not correct.  [If I'm somehow wrong and therefore insane,  somebody please correct me because we all know there was plenty deleted in  this movie during editing]
6305807086|5.0|Malcovich malcovich, malcovich?<br />There were many excellent movies last year.  I think this has to have been my favorite though.  The writing was  amazing and the concept, while not something I hadn't thought about before,  was something I had never thought about in that way.<br />The actors do an  amazing job of being ordinary and Malcovich does a wonderful job of playing  himself in the strangest of situations.<br />The 7 and 1/2 floor is something  which needs to be experienced.<br />Enjoy!
B00004TRD8|5.0|Having already bought about 70 DVD's before i bought this special edition i have seen quite a few of the menu systems before. With the one the is  included with T2 it is absolutly brilliant. It is really colourful and  moves and sounds really good. I was surprised when i found that my copy of  the film was delivered on 2 discs as aposed to the 1 disc that it was meant  to be on. Apart from this small fault the rest makes a really good package  and a brillant buy for anyone who likes this film or just action films.  There are tons of additional features included which can take up hours of  your time sitting through. Of all the films that i own this is definatley  rated very close to the top. I really recommend it to anyone who is  expanding their collection of films or someone who just wants to watch one  of the most fun and exciting movies made again and again.
6302732875|5.0|This all star cast, led by Al Pacino, performs terrificly in this tale of corruption and competition inside of a cramped real estate office.  Some of  the greatest actors of all time were assembled for this movie, and one  actor we had previously not heard of, but we now know all too well, Kevin  Spacey.  The cast includes Jack Lemmon as the former office bread winner,  Ed Harris as the sort of office bad boy, and Alan Arkin as the follower,  who never seems to know what the right thing to do is.  Alec Baldwin, as an  insulting motivator appears in a great monologue of degrading insults  thrown at the salesmen.  He fulfilled this role just for the film, and he  plays it perfectly.  To quote Baldwin, &quot;You see this watch?  This  watch costs more than your car.&quot;  The salesmen must be at the one,  two, and three positions on the leaderboard or they will be fired at the  end of the month.  The men scramble to make sales, and scramble to save  their jobs as well, with the exception of Pacino, who is on a hot streak.   Spacey plays the office manager who always says the wrong thing at the  wrong time.  Great performances, and great writing, the adaptation was even  done by David Mamet, who also wrote the play.  Rent it, you'll be glad you  did.
0380730405|5.0|This is one of the most amazing books I have ever read. You always hear  about books that make you feel &quot;like you're really there.&quot; Well,  if that describes one book, this is it. I have never truly understood a  book as I did this literary masterpiece. Daphne du Maurier draws an amazing  character from memories of others'. Obtain this book and become lost in  Manderley!
0060196122|5.0|It is said that real masters can use very little and accomplish a lot; so  is the case once again with P.Coelho. His previous books, simple in story  and frienly in language, nonetheless grabs hold of the reader with  all-important themes that are SO forgotten in this day and age: to reach  for a dream, to fight for a goal, to LIVE life. How can we even live  without dreams? These are simple enough ideas, and in 'Veronica Decides To  Die', they are delightfully presented once again, without excess plot  twists or complex characters. Those who find Coelho's books too simple or  boring have been watchig TV too long, always expecting the big Hollywood  explosions or the naked bodies to get their attention. Society has grown  numb to the beauty in simplicity.   It is refreshing also to remember that  geniuses and innovators are always considered crazy or non-conformant to  society. Beautiful! We should all act crazy more often, ignore the  naysayers and take bold chances. Thank You Paulo Coelho!
B00003CX95|5.0|This is a classic I have watched it so many time. I have to say I am not a Big Mel Gibson fan but this films was just the best... If you love Action  and Romance this is it...this also give you an insight of the Scottish  history and their struggle against the English. a well made film....
B000002U84|5.0|It seems a lot of your reviewers are Americans because they have  complained that the CD version is different to the album.  I am fortunate  in that I have the UK vinyl, US vinyl and the CD versions and I can tell  you that it is the US version that's different (Duran Duran are English!) -  longer version of Lonely in Your Nightmare and different ending to Hold  Back the Rain amongst other stuff.  What I can't understand is the fact  that you're all complaining about it.  All three versions are great and the  single versions of some of the tracks are different again.  That aside,  this is without a doubt one of the defining albums of the 80's, spawning a  generation of classy videos, making it alright for male pop stars to be  pretty and straight and for reminding everyone that being a huge band (they  were the world's biggest in 1984 and 1985) doesn't mean that you have to be  all serious and moodie (Sting fans take note!)<br />Not much else to say  really, except to laugh at all of the 'critics' from the UK music press who  wrote the band off in the 80s.  Duran Duran still sell out live gigs in  Y2K.  Music critics are self opinionated and talentless ononists.
0780626966|5.0|if u like horror movies , u will &quot;die&quot; on this!  its great for a night full of nightmares and stuff :-) Freddy never looked better , and im  sure u will like his look on your DVD player . The sound is really great !   <br />I really loved watching the movies again (except for number 2.. i hate  number 2 ) , and im sure u will love them too (except for number 2 .. ) Or  freddy will get Ya!  :))
B00000251N|5.0|It was 1973...I was 16.  My family had been sailing from Cabo San Lucs to  Hawaii.(a 3 week trip). We were excited to finally see land. I remember  rounding the lee ward side of the island of Kauai just as the sun began to  set. I remember it had been rough, in fact A storm had come from  nowhere...we wern't prepared... waves peaked at oer 30 feet...The wind  sounded like a locamotive... Didn't know how much water we had taken abord.   My Father, Mother, sister and myself worked though the night in uncertain  weather to bail buckets of water...not knowing if it would make a  difference. We had our harnesses on and were ready for the worst. In the  morning,we were exausted to the very core of our being...yet, All I  remember was this wonderful...magical music playing in the backgrund as the  sun came up. My mother had put Jonathan Livingston Seagull on our sterio  inside the cabin.  It drifted across the calmness of the water...almost  like a prayer. The storm had subsided and my Father steered us toward the  marina. To this day, Everytime I hear this Cd, I am reminded of that night.  The music embodies natures strengh, mercy and tenderness. This music gives  ultimate peace and joy.
1558908498|4.0|And I mean what I say when I say that. Watching Scream 2 is a rocket-ride to the world of hilarity and suspense, and the sheer fact that writer Kevin Williamson and director Wes Craven can craft a movie with both of these  elements working together will alone make this sequel better than any  other. All the characters left alive in the previous film are brought back  to this film in various places, most of them after two college students are  murdered at the premiere of the movie &quot;Stab,&quot; modeled after Gale  Weathers' book, &quot;The Woodsboro Murders.&quot; In comes Campbell as  Sidney, who hears of the murders and goes to resident horror buff Randy,  played by Jamie Kennedy. As the now-married Arquettes return to their  roles, more murders continue, and this time, the guessing at who is the  real killer is a lot more involving than the first. The murders are just as  gruesome as the previous film, but the finale is a little less satisfying  than the first. But still a good movie, by all means.<br />And now, I would  like to take the time to underline a point that has been bothering me very  much: Buena Vista does nothing for its DVD releases. All you get is a  widescreen version with [poor] resolution, as well as two crummy  soundtracks with bad fidelity, a lousy theatrical trailer and scene  selections. Do you think you could give us a few more special features  without having to make us pay for Special Edition DVDs? You could do a lot  more business, trust me.
0804106304|5.0|Well, actually this is more like one of the best books I've read, period.  Sometimes we find it so hard to understand our loved ones' point of view,  just like the Chinese-thinking mothers and their Americanized daughters  depicted here. I love every story in the book, but the ones I liked best  were the ones about Waverly Jong and her childhood struggles with her  upstart mother; An-Mei Hsu's mother, the Fourth Wife, and her final revenge  against the man that ruined her life; and Suyuan Woo's life during the war,  and her Long Cherished Wish. All the stories are enthralling and wistful,  and the clash of the modern, urban lifestyle of the second generation  against the first's more traditional one is amazingly, beautifully  described. After you've read this book you'll be left craving more, so run  and get the other books by Amy Tan, which are as excellent as this one.
0780619609|5.0|This movie murdered the first and third one!  The acting was way better and the costumes were fantastic!  Tokka and Rozarr were very well done.  To  quote Michealangelo, &quot;Which one's the ugly one?&quot;.
630518299X|4.0|Spooky, profound and perhaps prophetic.  Could the world we live in be Truman's world?  Instead of Christof (or his predecessor, the Wizard of Oz)  could there be aliens Out There running their TV show of us?<br />We can't get  out of this solar system.  The sun is rigged Out There.  Just as Truman  could never sail to Fiji, no human can live long enough to transverse  interstellar space to Alpha Centuri Proxima, the nearest star.  Before the  gods we must have demigods in the form of those looking over us, real or  imagined.  Does it make any difference?  And as Christof says, we accept  the reality that is given us, so we could be fooled.<br />Anyway, \\"The  Truman Show\\" begins with a startling premise marvelously presented.  The  script by Andrew Niccol is a work of art and the direction by Peter Weir  sure-handed and seamless.  He allows the story to unfold at a convincing  pace and the fifties cum nineties TV Americana feel to the \\"Seahaven\\" sets  is delightful.  Jim Carrey is perfect as Truman Burbank, the poor sap in a  fishbowl.  Everything about his life, including his wife and best friend  are totally fake (try that on for size).  Ed Harris as the megalomanic TV  artist Christof is creepy enough, although the scenes with him are  ironically less convincing than those in Truman's world.  I thought he came  across a little too much like a mad scientist.  Laura Linny as Carrey's TV  wife/product spokesperson with the ever present TV smile is wonderful, and  good too is his estranged girl friend, Natascha McElhone with the big  eyes.<br />Some unanswered questions.  We know there is a camera in the  bathroom.  Do they switch to another shot when he is using it or does the  world-wide audience watch him move his bowels?  And is his wife a \\"whore\\"  as well as a TV actress or is their relationship purely Platonic?  Does the  audience see them together in the bedroom?  Does she have a life away from  him?  Weir chose not to address these questions.<br />Although the premise  looks a little messy when examined closely, the inspired and completely  apropos ending is as crisp and clean as the dot at the end of this  sentence.ugh the premise  looks a little messy when examined closely, the inspired and completely  apropos ending is as crisp and clean as the dot at the end of this  sentence.
B00000G09Q|4.0|This one is my second favorite mostly because it was a lot like the cartoon we know and love today.  The first one was really dark, wich gave  the Turtles a realy scary feeling.  The second one was a little less darker  and made the Turtles less scary (probabley because compared to Tokka,  Rozarr, and Super Shredder, they looked like teddy bears).  This one gives  us the friendly turtles we fell in love with in the cartoon show.  Plus, in  the final battle with Walker, the Turtles have this erie green glow, which  really tells you what the Turtles realy are!
B00001ZUGJ|4.0|WOW the way the movie comes on &quot;trinity&quot; is walking on walls and jumping over buildings...Great effects but nothing new. I have seen many  kung fu movies in the 70's, when men jump over rivers and jump on top of  trees. Laurence Fish &quot;Morpheus&quot;,acting is out of this &quot;fake  world&quot;, well you know what I mean, we live in a &quot;dream  world&quot;(To bad my creditors dont see it that way.) Special effects and  the fashions are great....uh no but then here comes Keanu Reeves &quot;the  one&quot; I mean his style is cool but his acting is like...well imagine  &quot;GUMBY&quot; with a black trench coat and shades on. I am curious  though..I mean if you know your in dream world and have control, why not  control the bullets that are being fired at you? Since were living in a  &quot;false or dream world&quot;,I wonder do prisoners who have 25 to life  behind bars also believe their prison term is a dream?  People who have  watch and loved Kung fu movies (5 Deadly Venoms and other SHAW Bros. films)  will not be surprise at the fight seens in this movie. For those of you who  can't get enough of the fight seens in &quot;The Matrix&quot;, buy  &quot;Iron Monkey&quot; (1993 version).  I do think that for the sequel,  William Shatner should play &quot;Morpheus&quot; and Keanu Reeves  &quot;Neo&quot; should be played by an Actor.  There are many messages in  the movie, Spiritual and Political, but it's basically things you already  know. Have fun with this movie, the Wachowski Brothers are, I mean the film  gross $500 million. Believe me we are living in a real world (my bills  prove that).     Although I do understand the concept in the movie, but if  thats the &quot;real world&quot; let me stay sleep, I mean oatmeal and  dirty clothes everday?
B00000099Y|5.0|This album has more innovation, and more genius interlinks than any other.  People say the songs sound the same, yet they listen to Limp Bizkit, and  korn. How hypocritical. Tool's songs are all distinct, yet kept in the same  mood and style. People don't grasp that. Nevertheless, it is a beautiful  album.
B00000DLVA|5.0|I got this album by chance and I didn't know what to expect, I'd just  heard two songs a couple of times. But it turned out to be a very good  album. Peter Svensson is a very good songwriter and Nina Persson is a great  singer. And the rest of the band plays very good too. Together this makes a  very good album.  Many of the songs (not all of them) are the same class as  the singles. Buy this album if you like any of the songs you've heard from  it!
0316286850|5.0|Kevyn Aucoin is a magician!  I had always worn makeup but I never realized  the power my own hands had until I read all of the tips in this book.  As a  dancer, and actress, I am on the stage a lot, and this book helped me  improve how I apply my makeup, and showed me many different looks that I  didn't know my face could show.  Now my friends and collegues are asking me  to do their makeup before our shows.  There are so many tips, eyeshadow,  eyelashes, eyebrows, etc.  The list goes on and on.  It even shows you how  to look like different movie legends.  If you are serious about makeup,  this is the perfect book for you!
0783229011|4.0|IT THINK TAHT THE TILE OF MY REVIEW SAYS IT ALL. I HAVE NEVER MEET ANYBODY  WHO DID NOT LIKE THIS MOVIE. I THINK IT SHOULD HAVE WON BEST PICTURE THE  YEAR IT WAS NOMINATED.
B00004U45G|5.0|If you are a die hard led zep fans do not think twice to buy this album.  It is an outstanding live album, the drummer hits the percussions like what  Bonham did. Just buy it !
B00004TJTQ|3.0|I THOUGHT THIS WAS VERY GOOD.I LOVE DOG MOVIES.I THAT THAT EVEN PEOPLE WHO DONT LOVE DOG MOVIES WILL LIKE THIS. THROUGH THE WHOLE MOVIE I JUST WANTED  TO PICK SKIP UP A CUDDLE HIM.
6304025831|3.0|I THOUGHT THIS MOVIE WAS A GREAT MOVIE OVERALL, BECAUSE OF THE CAST AND THE ACTING. I LOVED THE WHOLE MOB SETTING AND HOW IF YOU TALK BEHIND OTHER  PEOPLES BACK YOU'LL BE IN HOT WATER. SHARON STONE WAS GREAT WITH HER DEEP  CHARACTER AS A HUSTLER. PESCI WAS GREAT AND SO WAS DENIRO.<br />    BUT THE  VIOLENCE WAS GROSS AND MADE ME ALMOST PUKE. SCCORSCE WAS VERY--TOO  REALISTIC. EYES POPPING OUT, BULLETS THROUGH THE HEAD, AND PEOPLE BEING  CRUSHED FROM A VICE MACHINE?  THEN OF COURSE PESCI AND DE NIRO BEING  BRUTALLY BEATEN WITH BATS 100'S OF TIMES THEN BURIED IN A HOLE ALIVE!   WHAT NEXT? A CHAINSAW?
B00002MZ4W|5.0|I truly believe that she has out done herself this time. Her first album  was, and still is outstanding, but this one is just amazing.<br />The song  &quot;Paper Bag&quot; is true. If you catch the words and the meanings that  are behind them, you'll feel the emotion that she may have went  through.<br />Then the song &quot;Fast as You Can&quot; is fun, it's faster  than most of the songs, then when you're getting use to it she throws you  off and switches back to her hypnotic self.<br />The fact that she writes all  her own music and plays the piano, just makes her music that much better.  This album and the one before are must have CDs. So if you don't already  have them go out and get at least one!!!
0783225792|4.0|Great Goodfellas follow up with super performances by Robert Deniro and James Woods (needed more screen time!) and an actual great performance from  windbag Sharon Stone. Joe Pesci is great as always but well, he's just Joe  Pesci in this movie. Lots of cuss words and gory violence cut in with 70s  rock n roll. The flow of the movie starts off great but then gets uneven  near the end but is still entertaining.  <br />The violence is a little  extreme... yeah right. The MPAA totally ruined the head vice sequence, if  it ended with eyes popping out it would have been a classic, you'd think  they would restore that on this DVD along with a commentary track. The  reviewer that said no one under 15 should see this movie needs to get more  gore in his movie diet cause I first saw this film when I was 12 and loved  every minute of it, mainly for the cussing and violence but now I love just  because its a great film. (i'm 16 now and own tons of unrated violent  flicks like DEAD ALIVE and The Untold Story, gore doesent faze me, even  real life gore).<br />Its no Goodfellas but its still a very entertaining  wickedly funny almost trashy gangster flick. One of the best films about  the 70s (ha ha, i never even lived through it either).<br />The DVD could have  been better though, but I think Marty is going to release all of his films  through Criterion, see the great treatment he gave The Last Temptation of  Christ.
0767903854|3.0|bryson is witty and has some very wry observations. but a big  disappointment is that he didn't visit brisbane. instead he chose to go to  canberra -- by all accounts [including his own] a boring city.<br />if it  sounds as though i'm griping because bryson missed one small town that i  have affection for, consider this: there are only seven major cities in  australia. it's not like the USA or even europe. of these cities he visited  all but brisbane.<br />at one point he finally says that he can't make  brisbane as planned. it was poor planning that got him in that trap [i  repeat: canberra??]. the second half of the book lost steam and interest.  it seems those pages would have been better served by covering the capital  of queensland, the sunshine state, only 45 minutes away from his visit to  the gold coast. he should've put forth that minor effort to round out what  could have been a truly perfect book about this singularly wonderful  country.<br />but would i recommend this book? certainly.
6301966988|5.0|Fantastic blend of romance, drama, suspense, comedy, and special effects in this decade old stroy about love after death.<br />When Sam (Patrick  Swayze) is brutally murdered, his spirit, which is trapped between 2  dimensions, returns to earth to investigate the crime and protect his  grieving girlfriend Molly (Demi Moore).  After discovering that his death  wasn't just an accidental mugging and his killing was orchestrated by a  seemingly unlikely culprit, Sam realises that Molly's life is very much in  jeopardy.<br />Desperate to communicate to Molly the danger she is in, Sam  seeks the help of Oda Mae Brown (Whoopi Goldberg, who won a deserved Oscar  for this role), a confidence trickster/storefront psychic with big hair and  an attitude to match.  At first Molly is sceptical of Oda Mae's ability to  hear Sam's voice (and so is everyone else) but after discovering that it  isn't fake, she and Oda Mae team up to thwart the evil intentions of Sam's  murderers.<br />&quot;Ghost&quot; was released cinematically at around the  same time as &quot;Always&quot; and &quot;Almost An Angel,&quot; and it is  by far the best film of the 3.  Its story and messages combine to assure  the viewer, no matter what religion they may be, that although we will all  physically die, we will never be truly dead unless we are forgotten and  that love is immortality.
0393317552|3.0|NOT CONVINCING. Well-written, well-researched, well-put together. The  explanations given for the premise of this book, i.e. 'it's not their fault  they're like that and it's not our fault we're like this,' are  self-defeating. Well-chosen historical incidents to bring topic into  foreground. Good read, but keep focusing on the question and you won't find  a convincing answer.<br />Also recommended: Road to Serfdom by Hayek  Leadership Secrets of Attila the Hun by Roberts Johnson White House Tapes  by Beschloss
B00003CXHJ|5.0|I do not consider myself a movie critic, nor do I consider myself a professional writer but I felt that I should give this a shot. <br />The only  reason that I was interested in seeing this movie was because it was filmed  in my beloved Malta. I was eager to see some shots of my homeland, so far  and so dear. There were no shots of the Maltese Coastline nor of the  Maltese Terra Ferma but I was not disappointed, The shots of the deep blue  sea and the beautiful sunsets made up for it. The plot of the story takes  place in the North Atlantic but we all know that the North Atlantic does  not enjoy those kind of sunsets, only Malta can produce sunsets so magical.  <br />The movie is excellent (and this is not a bias opinion), I found myself  biting my nails during some of the action sequences. The plot is fantastic  and so is the acting, although Jon Bon Jovi should stick to singing as his  acting does need some polishing. <br />I did stick around and watched the  entire list of credits to run up the screen and again it brought some more  smiles as I started seeing some Maltese names further down the list. One of  the acknowledgements was to the &quot;Malta Navy&quot;. Since when does  Malta have a navy, or have I been gone from the Island too long ?
B000002MG1|5.0|*Automatic for the People* is not R.E.M.'s best album - I wouldn't even  place it among their four best - however, what makes this album great, and  thus worthy of a high rating (and purchase for the lover of good music), is  the inclusion of what I think are the three finest songs in the R.E.M.  catalogue: &quot;Everybody Hurts,&quot; &quot;Sweetness Follows,&quot; and  &quot;Night Swimming.&quot; <br />   The first of these, &quot;Everybody  Hurts,&quot; is a tender, simple but elegent song of great empathy. It  might be R.E.M.'s most beautiful lyric - which is quite a lot to say given  the consistently high quality of R.E.M.'s work through two decades.  &quot;Night Swimming&quot; is an equally beautiful melody that doesn't hook  you the same way a typical pop or rock song might, but that nonetheless  somehow finds its way gently under your skin. The sentiment, &quot;night  swimming, deserves a quiet night,&quot; conveys a respect for the dignity  of one's acts and the importance of place and the proper moment. Like  &quot;Everybody Hurts&quot;, it is both melodically and lyrically beautiful  - both songs bordering on the &quot;haunting&quot; but too comforting to  slide over that boundary. These songs do not haunt, as they provide comfort  and hope, but they affect one's mind in a way similar to the haunting  beauty of songs such as &quot;You&quot; on R.E.M.'s *Monster*.  &quot;Sweetness Follows&quot; is lyrically murkier and less melodic, but  its persistent pulse and gradually layered texture is effective, producing  a different kind of beauty through its development, and in this way - that  is in the way it develops by slowly adding layers and texture - it is  somewhat reminiscent of the Beatles &quot;Dear Prudence.&quot; These three  songs are R.E.M at their very best, and the strength of these songs alone  makes this at least a four star album.<br />   That this album deserves five  stars comes from the overall strength of the rest of the work. The first  four songs on the cd, which includes &quot;Everybody Hurts,&quot; are as  strong as any set of R.E.M. songs on any of their recordings. While it is  definitely &quot;Everybody Hurts&quot; that shines out in this portion of  the record, the other tracks are interesting and move the album along. The  fifth track drops off a bit, but it is followed by the remarkable  &quot;Sweetness Follows.&quot; Between this track and the tenth track,  *Automatic for the People* thins out a bit - none of the tracks are in  themselves memorable, although most of them are satisfactory in their own  way. The album strenghthens again with &quot;Man on the Moon,&quot; Stipe's  insightful tribute to the late Andy Kaufmann (now receiving renewed fame  due to the eponymous movie). &quot;Night Swimming&quot; is the penultimate  track, and the third high point on the cd. On the whole, *Automatic for the  People* is solid; very strong in the beginning and almost as strong at the  end, with three of the best songs recorded by R.E.M or anyone else for that  matter.
0783244320|4.0|What can I say?  This movie is a very pleasant surprise, and shows a great deal of heart.  <br />On the surface, it appears to be nothing more than a  spoof of the Star Trek genre.  However, as the story unwinds, you find  yourself drawn in by the wry humor, and some genuinely touching  moments.<br />Alan Rickman is great . . . definitely a departure from his Die  Hard persona.  Tim Allen shows his trademark sense of humor, and Sigourney  Weaver . . . well, let's just say she looks a lot better than she does in  the Alien series.<br />Best of all, this is simply a unique story, that is  fresh and steers clear of the stale, run-of-the-mill scripts that bombard  the local theatres these days.
6303942830|4.0|Director Michael Mann, who brought us the masterful crime epic Heat and the acclaimed The Insider, originally rocketed to fame with the adaptation  (I use the term loosely) of author James Fenimore Cooper's The Last of the  Mohicans.  The film is certainly much better than the near incomprehensible  novel, filled with a certain raw edge and intensity surpassed by few  rousing epics.<br />The film takes place in the frontiers of America during  the French and Indian War.  As battles wage on, men like Hawkeye (Daniel  Day-Lewis), an adopted son of the Mohicans, and his father (Russel Means)  and brother (Eric Schweig) wish to only live peacefully.  But they get  caught up in an ambush with a Huron warrior named Magua (Wes Studi) intent  on killing Cora and Alice Munro (Madeleine Stowe and Jodhi May), the two  daughters of a British colonel.<br />Foiling Magua's plans, Hawkeye, his  father Chingachgook, and his brother Uncas escort the daughters and Major  Duncan (Steven Waddington) to Fort William-Henry, a British compound under  constant attack from the French.  All their lives become involved in the  war and they must fight to survive against hostile enemies.<br />The Last of  the Mohicans works as a gripping action film and historical drama.  As a  character driven piece and romance picture, it falters.  The latter is more  of a problem, as Daniel Day-Lewis and Madeleine Stowe generate very little  genuine chemistry.  Their romance felt superficial.  Believe it or not, the  very subtle development between Schweig and Jodhi May is more convincing  and even quite touching.<br />Character development is strong with certain  characters.  Day-Lewis delivers a fine performance, as do Eric Schweig and  Russel Means.  The real standouts are Steven Waddington and Wes Studi.   Waddington's character shows a lot of depth, particularly near the end of  the film, and Studi is positively scary as the fierce and vengeful  villain.<br />The action sequences are the most exciting aspects of the film.   There are 3 major combat scenes, and the last one is the film's best,  featuring a pitched battle atop a mountain.  The film's biggest set piece  is the large and full-scale battle between the British soldiers and the  Huron Indians.<br />Along with the fantastic musical score from Trevor Jones  and Randy Edelman, Mann's direction is nearly flawless.  Despite a script  that isn't always perfect (there's some very questionable dialogue), Mann  keeps the film rolling along at a good pace, and the viewer pays little to  attention to the film's flaws.  Even though the film runs at a relatively  short 114 minutes Mann's atmosphere gives the film a true epic feeling.  Credit this to the filmmaking ability of a skilled director.
B00004TRD8|5.0|In almost every case I've encountered, the director's cut far surpasses what was shown in the theaters. In the case of James Cameron, it was true  of &quot;The Abyss&quot;, and it's true for T2. The theatrical cut can be  watched on this DVD, but so can the &quot;Special Edition&quot; (and if you  pay close attention to the DVD menues, you can unlock an Extended Special  Edition with a different ending...) The Special Edition just makes more  sense than the theatrical version -- there's a lot more dealing with the  CPU that makes the Terminator and SkyNet tick; more family time with Miles  Dyson; and more scenes showing the cruelty (and flaws) of the T-1000. All  in all, it makes the characters face more challenges than in the theatrical  cut, which gives them all more depth and makes for a better picture.
B000006ZL4|5.0|The Divine Wings is the hig-point of Symphony X's reign. While Damnation  Game and twiligh in Olympus may be great efforts, Divine is one of the best  prog albums out there. The songwriting is amazing and the musicianship is  mind-blowing. Jason Rullo's drumming, while not rivaling Mike Portnoy or  Neil Peart's, is nevertheless incredible. Michael Romeo's neoclassical  style (in the vein of Malmsteen, Petrucci) is superb. The riffing is faster  than hell and his solos are awesome, especially when followed by a  trade-off with the keyboards. While Romeo's guitar style isn't as varied as  Petrucci's, his metal soloing is right up there. The vocals are great, and  the lyrics are imaginative, scary, eerie, moving. Divine is heavy, fast,  and complicated. A perfect disc for a musician or prog-fan to get into.  This CD is their best and absolutely amazing. The production is perfect  too. Every single 64th note is clear. This CD will not dissapoint.
185984054X|1.0|How's this for stupidity: Christopher Hitchens attacks Mother Teresa! In attacking Mother Teresa, probably the greatest saint we had in our presence during the late 20th century, Hitchens quite clearly has an agenda. This book is, well, so stupid that it is hard to know where to begin to attack it. Basically, Hitchens argues that Mother Teresa was a sanctimonious phony more interested in the accolades of her piety than in actually helping the downtrodden of Calcutta. OK, Hitchens, then explain why Mother Teresa labored in nearly 30 years of obscurity before finding notoriety as the 1979 Nobel winner. You would think that a phony would, after 30 years of being ignored, move on, right? A litte bit of a hole in your argument, Mr. Hitchens, don't you think? Hitchens also criticizes Mother Teresa for focusing on the individual victims of poverty, and not doing enough to prevent poverty in general. So, all you doctors out there taking care of individual AIDS patients, according to Hitchens you are doing no good because you are not working on eliminating AIDS in general. Moreover, the attcaks on Mother Teresa's practices of faith could only be appreciated by a spoiled pseudo-intellectual with no understanding of the meaning of self-sacrifice. At Mother Teresa's funeral, Hitchens was interviewed by network television, which graciously prevented him from making a fool of himself by cutting him off when he started attacking Mother Teresa. Apparently, this act of generosity by his network hosts went unappreciated by Hitchens, who insists on hawking this unworthy book.
6305165912|5.0|While a great fan of the Coen's, I was expecting, through advance notice, to be befuddled by &quot;The Big Lebowski&quot; as I was by the  over-indulged (in my opinion) &quot;The Hudsucker Proxy&quot;. Instead I  think the movie brilliant and hilarious and the best movie I saw last year.  &quot;Lebowski&quot; is an subtle, ironic, laconic spoof (sendup, homage,  whatever) of the detective movie, of the hard-boiled Sam Spade in his  relentless pursuit of the truth. Here we have the non-detective, the  anti-Marlowe, who only finds out what is going on very, very reluctantly.  It is sublimely silly.
6305905401|2.0|Started out very good, plot-wise, but pretty much fell apart at the end.  On the positive side, I'll be sure to read the book on which it was based.   <br />   By now, you know the basic plotline, so I won't bore you with that.   This film is 95% surface.  Looks good, but what's underneath?  Production  values are good.  The photography is wonderful.  The acting is mostly very  good.  The glaring exception here is The Girl.  (I now understand how she  got this part.  She's the director's wife.  It all makes sense now.)  <br />      As an avid reader (ie: literate, thank you) I was able to figure out each  and every plot point approximately 15 minutes before the lead character.   Not much suspense at all.  And, of course, there's the final 10 minutes.   The pacing, for the first 3/4 of the film is fine, if a bit slow.  I  enjoyed the piecing together of the mystery, even if I was ahead of the  plot the whole time.      <br />     I've been very entertained by these  reviews.  The most interesting reviews are from people who &quot;know&quot;  what Polanski was thinking/meant to say with this film.  They seem to be  divided.  Half of them &quot;know&quot; that this film is a stylish,  intelligent thriller.  The other half &quot;know&quot; that this is satire.   Hmm.<br />     I don't pretend to know what was in Polanski's mind.  (How  refreshing.)  However, for those of you who feel cheated by the ending, I'd  like to offer an interpretation for you.  The whole thing was just a big  practical joke, perpetrated by Satan.  He set up the whole thing with the  three books that took man three centuries to bring together and decipher;  just so one arrogant billionaire would immolate himself.  I suppose if  you're Satan, you've got that kind of time on your hands.  Better?
B000002ADT|5.0|Let's keep it simple. This is the best album ever recorded.
0783225210|3.0|Bought this one simply because I am a fan of the director and have a Spielberg collection.  One of his lesser efforts, &quot;1941&quot; is the  perfect example of a bloated budget, wasted talent, a &quot;comedy&quot;  with few laughs, and an idea that probably seemed like a good one at the  time.<br />I assure you, it was not!
B0000062FJ|4.0|Santana's first album was something all together different for the  woodstock generation.They simply blew away everybody with a sound born out  of the barrios of NY via San Francisco, and successfully mixed it with  blues and the soul jazz popular in the sixties.This cd finds Carlos very  much a team player with a group that makes up for its lack of knowledge of  the afro-cuban tradition, with youthful bravado and sincerity.The band does  particularly well when they stick to the bluesy-afro-cuban numbers like  Waiting,Evil ways, Savor, Jingo, and Soul sacrifice.The others like Shades  of time and You just don't care,should have been left off.After this was in  the can, Carlos would go on to hyjack the band that carried his  namesake,for better or worse,however no one could argue that he wasn't a  far superior guitar player by the time Caravanserai came out.
0380788624|5.0|Just finished the book - and while reading it, I recommended it to many others because I was enjoying it so much.  I kept telling people &quot;I'm  reading the coolest book - you have to read it, too!&quot; Very well  written. Moves at an incredible pace, the dialogue is believable, and of  course the excursions into math, cryptology, engineering, computers, eating  Captain Crunch so it doesn't lacerate the roof of your mouth, and all those  incredible observations about society/culture/whatever-is-in-front-of-them  that only engineers and sceintists can make are the icing on what would be  an incredibly well-written tale even without all that stuff.<br />What makes  the book so excellent, though, is the believable story and the believable  characters.  I found that I liked all of them because they were so real - I  even cared about the bad guys.  Still want them to lose, of course, but as  a *reader*, I cared about them, and that's what keeps driving a  reader on  through a story.<br />It's certainly a book that requires some commitment - it  is very long, but I tell you, after hitting page 800, I was depressed,  knowing that I had only another 110 pages of this joyful reading ahead of  me.  How many books have done that to you lately? In the last ten years? I  read hundreds of books each year, most of them I can bring myself to enjoy  even if they aren't great literature, but it is rare that I am so much  enjoying a book that I begin to question if I should slow down, just so I  can savor the enjoyment longer - and I did that a lot with this  book.<br />Stephenson has a way with words that will leave you breathless and  in awe at his skill at writing.  His metaphors are brilliant, sometimes  hilarious.  His so-true-to-daily-life descriptions had me laughing out  loud on the subway and in the laundromat.  And if you are an engineer or  scientist, you will get all the added benefit of the &quot;inside&quot;  jokes, descriptions, observations, etc. I am stupified by Stephenson's  genius at pulling this thing off. If only more writers could be as  sharp.<br />While this is not the kind of social commentary/critique that  great art generally is, it will, I think, leave the reader a different  person than when s/he began the book. I know it has affected me on some  levels - not greatly, in the way that 1984 or Moby Dick does - but the  reader is left (if they've been paying attention) viewing the world a  little differently.<br />Lastly, if you've ever hung out with engineers or  scientists, and gotten mad/confused at them for their seemingly  cold/analytical way of looking at the world, this book is a great resource  for coming to understand why they think that way, and what it means to  them.  I have recommended this book to  a couple people simply so that,  perhaps, they will have a better understanding of why I do and say the  things I do (I am an engineer/scientist by training).  For so realistically  showing the thought processes, and motivations, of the science-inclined, I  applaud Stephenson.  For writing a book that is an awful lot of fun to  read, I appaud him, too.  Truly one of the best books in my library.Stephenson's  genius at pulling this thing off. If only more writers could be as  sharp.<br />While this is not the kind of social commentary/critique that  great art generally is, it will, I think, leave the reader a different  person than when s/he began the book. I know it has affected me on some  levels - not greatly, in the way that 1984 or Moby Dick does - but the  reader is left (if they've been paying attention) viewing the world a  little differently.<br />Lastly, if you've ever hung out with engineers or  scientists, and gotten mad/confused at them for their seemingly  cold/analytical way of looking at the world, this book is a great resource  for coming to understand why they think that way, and what it means to  them.  I have recommended this book to  a couple people simply so that,  perhaps, they will have a better understanding of why I do and say the  things I do (I am an engineer/scientist by training).  For so realistically  showing the thought processes, and motivations, of the science-inclined, I  applaud Stephenson.  For writing a book that is an awful lot of fun to  read, I appaud him, too.  Truly one of the best books in my library.
B00000J7S8|5.0|I first saw Diana Krall on CBS Saturday Morning back in March when this CD was released. WIthin a week, I'd purchased every CD she'd released, and  there are only two other singers who fall into that category for me; Frank  Sinatra and Ella Fitzgerald. Diana may be young, but she clearly belongs in  that territory. My favorite song on the CD is &quot;Devil May Care&quot;,  but there's something great about all of them. Make no mistake, you WILL be  hearing from Diana Krall for a long time to come.
B00004SCX6|5.0|Ever since I popped this cd in my radio, I have listened to it everyday! It is awesome! I thought Britney's first cd was awesome, well when I got  the new one the first day it came out, I was definetly impressed. It is one  of those cd's you just have to have. Here is a little help:<br />1. Oops!....  I Did It Again- as u know, this is a great song. 2. Stronger- Great song,  one of my favorites. It will be one of her hits. 3. Don't Go Knockin' On My  Door- Weird lyrics, but a good song. 4. (I Can't Get No) Satisfaction- If u  like the Rolling Stones version u will LOVE this version! 5. Don't Let Me  Be The Last To Know- Great slow song! Written by Shania Twain. 6. What U  See (Is What U Get)- Great song! It will probably be one of her hits. 7.  Lucky- I LOVE this song! I listen to it literly every day and I just CANT  get sick of it!  GREAT SONG!  8. One Kiss From You- I love this song! It's  a good song. 9. Where Are You Now- Good slow song. 10. Can't Make You Love  Me- Great song, catches u. 11. When Your Eyes Say It- I haven't ever heard  this one, just never got to it, but my friends' say it is a good slow song.  12. Dear Diary- I personally think this song is stupid, but that is the  only on on the cd I don't like.<br />         SO IF U HAVEN'T PICKED THIS CD  UP YET, WHAT ARE YOU WAITING FOR, I PROMISE U WILL BE SATISFIED IF U LIKE  BRITNEY SPEARS. If u have any questions about this cd, you can e-mail me at  Cathy1588@aol.com and make the subject be Oops I Did It Again! But you have  to make that be the subject or I will delete it. THANKS!
B00003CXFG|4.0|I rate movies along simple lines.  There are classics, there are flicks and there are horrible pieces not worth the film that they were printed on.   I sorrily skipped Pitch Black in the theatre.  The trailer was horrible.   I couldn't make out *anything* about the movie and had no interest in  seeing it.  Thankfully, on vacation, I was holed up in a hotel that had  Pitch Black on pay-per-view and decided to give it a try.  I was stunned.   Not only did I wish I had seen it in the theatre - to truly appreciate the  special effects - but I enjoyed the quirky dialogue between the characters.   I appreciated the seeming abandon with which character upon character is  removed from the story line without my abilities of prediction serving me  in the slightest.  The dialogue is often cheesy.  These people are space  faring commoners and the movie revolves around the predicamnet they face  and not their lives.  Their lives form the substance to which I temporarily  attached care for each.  Short-lived as it may be, this care for the  characters extended throughout the movie and left me feeling very  satisfied.  I recommend this movie as a flick.  It should have been seen by  all in the theatre but we weren't all so fotunate.  Check it out by  yourself and if you like it pull the friends around.  Give it a chance.   Van Diesel is what it's all about.  You'll recognize him from Saving  Private Ryan.  The washed out scenes reminded me of Gladiator and Three  Kings.  The world as seen through the eyes of the aliens put me back in  Fincher's Alien3.  While ultimately the plot is fantasy I let this movie  take me away, in much the same way we all let Star Wars (the first three)  move us and Starship Troopers moved us (appealed to our collective bizarre  fascist sensability or something).  Have fun with it.  I know I did.
B000002BQK|3.0|mariah's 97 album &quot;butterfly&quot; is mature mariah.with the 1st  single off it &quot;honey&quot; and other songs on the album like &quot;my  all&quot;,&quot;the roof&quot; and &quot;breakdown&quot; it's a diffent  mariah no one has saw before.
B000002I97|5.0|Oooooooh, boy...<br />All I can say about this masterpiece from one of the  great talents currently residing on planet Earth is that any album with a  song whose chorus goes &quot;Blow up yer TV, throw away yer 'paper, go to  the country, build you a home...&quot; is an album that whoever's reading  this right now needs to pick up IMMEDIATELY.
B000002BHE|1.0|celine's album &quot;falling into you&quot; is not good.all you hear is  that lady sceaming at the top of her lungs with every song.and all the  songs are sooooo long...&quot;it's all coming back to me now&quot; is like  7 mintues!!.that song is about her forgeting everything.i would not pick  this up.no!!!
B000006TRV|4.0|....Quadraphenia!  Sorry guys, but there is a lot of similarity between  this good album and the superior Quadraphenia from The Who. <br />Three other  observations:<br />In the Flesh?  has to be one of the best heavy metal songs  ever.<br />Gilmour is right:  Vera Lynn and Bring The Boys Back Home were weak  filler. <br />At least it doesn't have Cyndi Lauper.
B0000039PW|5.0|I really have to sit down listen to this album over cause his words are  very cunning and alot his rhymes has metophors, punchlines, storytelling  from the streets in which he gew up. I enjoyed the track &quot;Me &amp; My  B_tch&quot; very good story telling with hardcore dark reflections. This  guy was and still a very respected man in the world of rap and hip hop and  I now finally own the most valuable hip hop album ever.
6302256615|4.0|This indeed is one good action flick with a high amount of tension built up from start to finnish. Keanu Reeves plays Johnny Utah, former college football player turned fbi agent whose first assigment is to locate and inflatrate a gang of surfurs who rob banks. Swazyee is the gang's leader Bodi, a wise cool calculating indivdual who takes Utah for a ride through his bizzare neitherworld. One great scene was a footchase between Reeves and Swayzee after a bank robbery, Utah had bodi in his sights to shoot him but under the misguided sense of loyatly he did not. From that moment on Bodi realizes that Utah is FBI Agent and tends to get even with him. The film is fantastic Both Swayze and Reeves play the antoignists very well and are belivable in their roles. Gary Busey plays Angelo, Utah's seinor officer whose death scene was one of the memorable scenes in the film. Great action ranked as one of the best i have seen and if you want to see Keanu before all &quot;THE MATRIX&quot; hype i recommend seeing this film.
B00004TRD8|5.0|You can just tell this thing is going to rock by the metal case, the 32 page booklet,and the rest of the packaging, but then you open it up and realize it's a masterpiece. This DVD exemplifies what DVD should be! Check  out the interactive menus and you'll be amazed. The THX trailer is  astonishing. The amount of footage they packed on the 2 DVDs (technically  called side 1 and 2)will shock you. And then the movie. I would watch the  uncut version last to really appreciate the value of the deleted scenes.  Keep the booklet handy to point out the added scenes. This is not some  crappy 2 minutes of footage, it's over 20 (I think). For the most part  these are significant scenes. ESPECIALLY the part where Sarah wants to  crush the Terminator's CPU. Previously, this extra stuff was only available  on the 2 tape VHS set, which was hard to wade through and change tapes  over.  Maybe it was on a LaserDisc, but again I don't know that. If you  don't own a player or DVD-ROM, wait no further. The Star Wars Trilogy won't  be out for a long, long time and this edition of T2: Judgement Day is a  must have....
6305531374|3.0|ANYBODY COULD HAVE MADE A MUCH BETTER SEQUEL IN THERE OWN IMAGINATION THAN WHAT WAS CAPTURED ON FILM HERE IN THE HALLOWEEN H2O DVD. THE DVD BOX, AND  EVEN THE SYNOPSIS OF THE DVD IS DECIEVING, BECAUSE THERE ARE NO THEATRIACAL  TRAILERS THAT ARE INCLUDED ON THIS DVD, NOR IS THERE ANY COMMENTARY BY THE  CAST AND OR CREW OF THE MOVIE. THE MAIN REASON THAT I HAD PURCHASED THIS  DVD MOVIE IS BECAUSE OF THE &quot;CREED VIDEO&quot; OTHER WISE KNOWN AS  &quot;WHAT'S THIS LIFE FOR&quot; THAT IS INCLUDED ON THE DVD. IF PERHAPS  THEY WHERE TO EVER MAKE ANOTHER HALLOWEEN MOVIE, MAYBE THEY COULD BASE IT  MORE AROUND THE MYTH OF HALLOWEEN, OR HOW HALLOWEEN CAME TO BE. WELL THAT  IS ENOUGH FOR NOW I HOPE!
B00004TRD8|5.0|Since DVD's were first released, there has never been one with more added features that Terminator 2. T2 is the perfect mix of special effects &amp;  science-fiction horror!  To complete the Ultimate Terminator Collection,  the original Terminator should be digitally remastered in Dolby Stereo  Surround Sound. I really find the mono sound annoying, especially when the  rest of my DVDs are in 5.1 sound!  ! Terminator 2: Judgement Day!
6305905401|3.0|Up to the last 5 minutes of this film, I was so enthralled, so deeply interested in this movie. A film done so purely in old style film making, Johnny Depp (a personal favorite) and Roman Polanski at the helm, I was in love. Beautiful cinematography, a true sense of paranoia and evil, and a score that in it's somewhat bizarreness created a otherworldly feel. I can't say enough that this was NOT Johnny Depp's fault, he is the most underrated actor and possibly the most talented out there and does well with his role. Likewise, the rest of the movie's actors are very talented to say the least. What killed this movie for me was an ending that left me cursing at my screen for 10 minutes wondering why I had just wasted my afternoon. Is this supposed to be artistic or mysterious? Seems to me they ran out of time or money, either that or Roman Polanski is losing his touch. Either way, a good movie if you turn it off 10 minutes before it's over and make up a better ending in your head. Trust me, it'll be better that way.
B00000DATR|5.0|This is a very moving, Celtic-oriented (if you know Celtic history it will  be by definition moving!), carefully produced CD which is thoroughly  recommended. For info, Tubular Bells 1 was the album that launched the  careers of both Mike Oldfield and Richard Branson (the founder of Virgin  Records). It is incredible that Tubular Bells has retained both its  originality and consistency over so many years. Party on Mike!
0446310786|5.0|Out of all the books that I've taught to 10th graders, this is by far the most popular. More discussion comes from Mockingbird than any other I've  required students to read. It's amazing to me that this was Lee's first and  apparently last work. How many Pulitzer-winning authors can claim they only  wrote one book? And then to have it win such acclaim! There must be good  reason why it is still ranked in the Top 1000, an amazing fact when you  consider how many books have been written. I just wonder how many new books  today in the Top 10 will be virtually unknown five years from now. To Kill  a Mockingbird deals with a number of individual and social issues. No doubt  the most sensitive issue is racism. I read a newspaper article this past  summer where some big-shot scholar is claiming that Mockingbird is actually  racist and should be read/taught with politically correct glasses. Give me  a break! Lee was way ahead of her time and dealt with reality in a quite  appropriate manner. The story line is crisp and never bogs down. It will  make you think, and I believe it will create an urge in you to dialogue  with others about vital contemporary issues of our day.
0671578855|3.0|I have been a Miles junkie from way back, but the more recent offerings in  this series have served to wean me off the addiction. I understand that the  types who like cute and clever romance love this book, and that's all well  and good, but I misstrhe real Miles. I'm sorry. <br />The book is  entertaining, and there are a few passages that are quite funny. But unlike  Elizabeth Hayden, who infuses humor into romance, action, reflection and  history with stellar characters, I feel that Bujold has sold Miles out a  little. Still, it's worth reading. It just doesn't merit all the adulation.
0446310786|5.0|What an incredible piece of work!  I really enjoyed this book.  It gave me  Southern life during the great depression, and taught me a little something  too.  Scout is rambunctious and spunky, her adventures with Jem and Dill  made me laugh quite a few times.  Atticus is quite impressive, he had a  sense of justice and an intelligence I've never seen in anyone.  This is a  real life story, if not true, and it'll make you really think about the  predjudices we hold against other people.
B00004U2A2|5.0|So mutters the immortal words of Ash, one of the most memorable Anti-heroes of all time. The movie starts out as just like the first one,  Ash brings girlfriend to cabin, she gets possessed, Ash has to kill her.  Basically the same old, same old, but in about 5 minutes after that the  movie takes a turn and becomes one of the most inventive horror movies of  all time. If you have seen the first one you might be timid about this  installment, but It is totally different then the first one, and about  twice as good. The last 10 minutes are the best part. Started a revolution  in horror.
1573226521|5.0|This book moved incredibly quickly.  It is broken up into fairly short  chapters each ending with a cliff hanger begging you to read one chapter  further.  I finished the book in 3 days and it is one of the top three  books I have ever read.
B00003CWTI|5.0|There have been many terrific reviews written by other Amazon members that go into great detail about why this film was fabulous or why it worked or didn't. So I won't waste time boiling down all of the stories going on in this film again.<br /><br />\\"Magnolia\\" is a near masterpiece...<br /><br />The reasons it was a box office dud are too numerous to mention, but they run the gamut from its confusing title - to the decision to keep super star Tom Cruise's name in the background - to the bad word-of-mouth recorded by rating services which survey people looking for conventional narratives and resolutions as they walk out of theaters.<br /><br />I see 50 to 60 films a year (and not for a living), and I avoided \\"Magnolia\\" out of fear.  Fear of wasting time, more important than wasting money.  And another concern was the film's controversial resolution, the critical element that determines the success or failure of most movies with a mass audience.  Now that I've seen \\"Magnolia\\" on video and have finally been able to philosophically, intellectually and logically string together its elements, there is no doubt that this is a wonderful accomplishment on film.  \\"Magnolia\\" takes you on a journey whereby a master story teller challenges you to hang onto a breathtaking ride of images, content and music, and find the thread that strings everything, including the last 20 minutes...together in a way that makes sense.<br /><br />Yes, the point of the movie is that there are things which defy scientific logic. \\"Magnolia\\" tackles this premise and applies it to human behavior in a dazzling kaleidoscope of aural, verbal and visual montages - which make it IMPOSSIBLE - to stop this film to come back to  later. You're pulled into a whirlpool, asking yourself, how is all of this going to end?<br /><br />This film is worth buying, especially with all of the extras on DVD.  But it's also worth renting instead.  Why?  I'm not going to lie to you.  A conventional audience won't like \\"Magnolia's\\" structure, its constant profanity and its twists and turns during the last 20 minutes.  But the rest of it is compelling, exhilarating and uncomfortable at the same time.  The acting, the story, the dialogue are consistently mesmerizing.  I can't guarantee you will agree with the cosmic, unexplainable force that joins everything together at the end.  And personally, I would have chosen something less comical and less biblical - (and saying \\"frogs falling from the sky\\" doesn't spoil the point as they were featured in this film's poster when it was released) - even though I think huge hailstones on a July afternoon in California would have more effectively delivered the same message to audiences.  The controversial decision to visualize what for most of the movie is abstract - is the root of why I think the film is misunderstood by some - and hated by others.<br /><br />Yet I believe \\"Magnolia\\" is an intriguingly subversive film.  Whether you like it or not, I guarantee you won't be bored, which is the curse of all lousy movies.  Everything about \\"Magnolia\\" is in-your-face hypnotic.  And if the resolution seems initially perplexing - if you think about it some more, everything might start to come together well after the film ends and you go back to resuming the monotonies of daily life.  You COULD conclude that things which seem visibly ridiculous or irrational - are no more or less the same - as the \\"unscientific randomness\\" of human interactions and situations that we accept as plausible.<br /><br />In sum, see this, rent this, buy this - but don't dismiss or ignore \\"Magnolia\\" - it's 99 7/8ths the work of a young master.and its twists and turns during the last 20 minutes.  But the rest of it is compelling, exhilarating and uncomfortable at the same time.  The acting, the story, the dialogue are consistently mesmerizing.  I can't guarantee you will agree with the cosmic, unexplainable force that joins everything together at the end.  And personally, I would have chosen something less comical and less biblical - (and saying \\"frogs falling from the sky\\" doesn't spoil the point as they were featured in this film's poster when it was released) - even though I think huge hailstones on a July afternoon in California would have more effectively delivered the same message to audiences.  The controversial decision to visualize what for most of the movie is abstract - is the root of why I think the film is misunderstood by some - and hated by others.    Yet I believe \\"Magnolia\\" is an intriguingly subversive film.  Whether you like it or not, I guarantee you won't be bored, which is the curse of all lousy movies.  Everything about \\"Magnolia\\" is in-your-face hypnotic.  And if the resolution seems initially perplexing - if you think about it some more, everything might start to come together well after the film ends and you go back to resuming the monotonies of daily life.  You COULD conclude that things which seem visibly ridiculous or irrational - are no more or less the same - as the \\"unscientific randomness\\" of human interactions and situations that we accept as plausible.    In sum, see this, rent this, buy this - but don't dismiss or ignore \\"Magnolia\\" - it's 99 7/8ths the work of a young master.
B00003W8NM|5.0|I am Jack's sense of utter disbelief.  How is it that the general America public completely missed the boat on a movie that struck dead center as a  perfect parody of our society?  I have to draw the conclusion that Fight  Club was received relatively poorly at the box office because most people  could not understand its primary themes and messages.<br />I'm a 30-something  male living in 'middle' America and from what I see; our society is  tittering on the edge of self destruction.  Children are rampaging through  schools with shotguns reenacting scenes from Quake and the consensus  solution is - take away guns?  The polar caps are melting and the news  reports that scientists still have no proof of global warming?  The  population is growing at an exponential rate as our health care system  approaches financial melt down attempting to sustain every human  life.<br />What does this have to do with Fight Club?  Obesity is at an all  time high in this country, and it serves as a flawless metaphor of America  - Fat &amp; Happy.  Fight Club puts America (in all of its ugly glory)  right in your face, and it appears that the majority of the public is too  close to the forest to see the trees.  Fight Club says &quot;We'll take  their liposuction fat, repackage it in a nice wrapper and sell it back to  them as soap&quot;.  That's an ugly concept that most people don't want to  even think about.<br />I have asked a number of people what they though this  movie was about, and they essentially respond - guys with mental problems  who start a club to act as a venue for macho brawls.  Were my peers  sleeping during their viewings?<br />It was reported that when this movie was  first screened at the movie studio, the executives involved were concerned  about being investigated for promoting fascism.  This movie takes aim at  &quot;the system&quot;, &quot;the man&quot;, &quot;the establishment&quot;  and strikes dead on.  On the DVD, there are supplementary commentaries from  all the major players involved with Fight Club.  At one point during the  dialog, Ed Norton says that when he read the script; he was amazed by the  depth, complexity and originality of this movie.  After the movie was  released, he was criticized along with Pitt for pandering to Hollywood's  violent tendencies.<br />It may be true that the only reason Hollywood  green-lighted this picture was because of the violence, but I don't think  they truly understood what they had authorized.  If you choose to watch  this movie for the first time (or repeatedly which I highly recommend)  focus on getting past the violence.  The fighting is used as a concept  vehicle - we all live in a stress-induced coma that is perpetuated through  the daily trials and tribulations of life.  The way that the characters  wake up from their coma is by experiencing primordial pain - fighting.   Once they are awake, they recognize that they have been asleep all of their  lives.  Oddly similar to The Matrix, but the similarities end there.<br />By  endorsing this movie, I'm not purporting that we are all silently asleep at  the wheel.  Neither movies nor their reviews can completely cover complex  concepts in a nice simple package.  As Norton touched on in the commentary,  this movie has more thought provoking ideas than almost any other I can  think of.  The sad part about Fight Club is the fact that it has become a  self-fulfilled prophecy.  Its mediocre showing at the box office reinforces  Hollywood's perception that the general public is becoming increasingly  comatose - we want intellectual Big Mac EXTRA value meals as opposed to  Steak au Poivre.  <br />Could you make sure to put heavy violence and low  thought on that Big Mac?  Fincher, Norton and Pitt all proved that they had  big coconuts to make this movie, and I don't think anyone even noticed  their contribution.  If you like a well trimmed New York strip steak topped  with cognac peppercorn demi-glaze then bon appetit!
B00004TH83|5.0|Okay - So you think you're listening to Celine, maybe Streisand, even  Taylor Dane!  But what are THEY doing now - having babies, enjoying wedded  bliss, ???.  THIS voice also has the talent behind it to write most of the  songs on the CD -- just incredible!!!! Don't know that I've ever heard a  song to capture a voice any better than her version of Adagio -- both  versions!  After ordering the CD for myself, have ordered others to give as  Christmas gifts.  It'll be money well spent to introduce my friends to this  sure-to-be heard from singer!
6305736650|5.0|Absolutely the best black and white transfer I have ever seen of a DVD. There are no drop outs, blips, hairs, tears, burns, noise, or anything that  shouldn't be on this film. Warner must have had a pristine original  negative sealed away for this DVD to look so good. The lighting is rich,  luminous, and the grays beautifully scaled lending excellent depth to the  picture. After seeing &quot;Casablanca&quot; on TV and video this DVD is a  revelation. The picture is presented in its original theatrical aspect  ratio of 1.33:1.<br />The sound too is crisp and marvelously preserved. There  are no pops, blips, buzzes, drop outs, or volume changes. Instead we are  given a soundtrack, that while still monophonic, is the best yet heard. If  any complaint could be made of digital audio it's that the sound is too  forward and harsh for some ears though on the DVD it is only slightly so  and those of you with Cinema EQ on your home theater equipment won't have a  thing to complain about.<br />Extras like the Lauren Bacall (Bogey's  widow)-hosted special, &quot;You Must Remember This&quot; and the original  trailer (in poor condition compared to the feature), are better than  average and the documentary includes interviews with people who were  involved with making &quot;Casablanca&quot;. The production notes are  actually interesting to read but then they would be given the twisted  production history of the film.<br />All in all Warner has produced a  lovingly-crafted DVD edition of a movie loved by millions all over the  world and nothing about it disappoints.<br />Time may go by, but  &quot;Casablanca&quot; has become digitally-fixed and now, finally,  physically ageless.
6304383827|5.0|No film could have done Ms. Austen's enchanting tale more justice. The atmosphere is exactly the charming, romantic dream I was admitted to, when  I read the novel. Gwyneth is Emma in every way. The sparkle of the eyes,  the sweet smile, and the sense that Emma is at once eloquently perfect and  hopelessly flawed. A film that beams with elegance, grace, and beauty. Ms.  Paltrow's reveals that she has this miraculous sparkle. Her portrayal of  Emma gave me an extra chamber in my heart to store joy in.
157492589X|5.0|The day I finished the book Lonesome Dove I headed straight to Blockbuster to see the movie.  I was extremely surprised and impressed. Like most movies based on books they usually change the entire storyline and make the characters exactly the opposite of what you thought of them. Lonesome Dove was totally not like that. I looked at the box and by seeing the faces I could tell which person was which character. Robert Duvall was AMAZING! He had the same lazy face, extremely talkative, always arguing with Call etc. Tommy Lee Jones at his best. I couldn't have imagined him better. He didn't talk much, had a very stern face etc. Danny Glover as Deets was brilliant! Same w/ Pea Eye, Lorena and Clara Everything was perfect. Surprisingly, the storyline didn't change a bit. It was even the same dialogue. Of course some stuff from the book just couldn't be included in the movie. There was two minor big parts that weren't included in the movie. One, Wilbarger was not in the movie. Two, instead of meeting the barber at the end he met the reporter from San Antonio. Lonesome Dove I guarantee you if you loved the book as much as I did you will not bed disappointed. Every second of the six hour movie is worth it. A must see movie for all McMurtry fans!
B00004SCX6|5.0|If you don't like Britney, I don't know why you are here in the first place. For everyone else (the majority of people here)... this CD is  amazing. You've all heard Oops, and there are a few more songs that are  like it (Stronger, What U See is What U Get). As for slow songs, Lucky,  Where Are You Now, Con't Let Me Be the Last To Know are sweet and her voice  sounds GREAT. In conclusion, if you're thinking about buying this, do it.  If you are here to diss Britney, get a life... please.
6305428352|5.0|Recent showing of &quot;Music of My Heart&quot; starring Merryl Strepp as a substitute teacher striving to sustain a violin program for low-income  kids in New York City reminds me of this all-time favorite classic released  back in 1996.  The bottom line is love.<br />Situated in Oregon in the fall of  1964, Glen Holland (Richard Dreyfuss) took up a job as a high school music  teacher as his wife became pregant.  Holland, now shouldered with added  responsibility as a soon-to-be father, a composer, and a teacher, faced the  immediate challenge of working with a diverse group of students:  the  naturally talented, the rebellious, and the physically impaired.  <br />This  is a movie about love and love of music.  Glenn Holland is the central  figure who strives to love his students and family through his devotion to  music.  Born deaf-toned, the dream of teaching his own son to become an  eminent violinist inevitably bursts with much frustration.  Glenn Holland  is not perfect; in fact, interactions with his students through failures  and triumphs gradually refine him to be a loving and well-respected man.   Love propels him to reconcile his frustration for his son and breaks the  ice in his relationship with his wife.  <br />For over 30 years, this young  composer has taught generations of students not only about music, but love,  respect, faith, and confidence.  The final reunion of his students features  orchestration of &quot;American Symphony&quot; to pay the highest tribute  to this self-sacrificing teacher.<br />This is a movie that will move every  soul and make everyone's tears roll down the cheek.  It's all about love,  and love moves.  After 4 years since I first watched the premiere, it still  touches my heart and brings tears to my eyes when I see it again on my  flight to Asia.
B00003CXGG|2.0|The movie draggs and has too many characters budding to be the center of attention. The story is weak can't we get past the racial**** and just be people? If you like KungFu action rent a different movie Jet Li seems more  like a Gymnast and Ballet Dancer in this movie. Aaliyah, well looks hot but  other than that...Oh yeah the Music is really good.
6300214826|5.0|This movie was great for the first hour and pretty funny in parts, especially the part when they are envading.  After that it kinda gets boring and very weird, I found it hard tring to stay awake.  But that is  just me, my dad and brother love the movie.  Its weird but worth watching.   HOO-YAH!   Thank all war Verterans.
B00004SCX6|2.0|tihs album wasn't at all different from the first.  i thought the song &quot;oops i did it again&quot; sounds EXACTLY like &quot;baby one more time&quot;  and such songs such as satisfaction, was horrible!   i wsa  embarrased to listen to.  making all those &quot;uh&quot; sounds, i thought  it was horrible.  i also felt that she talks to much in this album.  she  also can't seem sing on key.  and other songs such as what you see is what  you get, i found it to be quite strange.  i mean every one is critising her  revealing clothing, but through this song i felt that she was sending out  bad messages to young girls, saying it's okay to dress like a slut.  i feel  that britney is probably a very nice person, (although she's a bit bubble  headed) and she's very beautiful, but when it comes to singing, i don't  know, it sounds bad.  i saw some clipings of her singing when she was  younger, and i felt that she sung much better back then then now.  this  album wasn't all that great.  in fact, i might actually like the first one  better which wasn't that great either!
076783819X|5.0|ok, i can't compliment this movie enough. i was absolutely &quot;into&quot; the plotline of this movie. previous posts have mentioned  that many details that the story relied on,were unrealistic.-which they  somewhat were.- but NOT impossible to imagine. this is a thriller done  almost perfectly, as the story builds quite nicely throughout.-(although  the 2nd half is almost TOO-much). but overall, this is a 5-star movie. the  ending is quite suprising, and origional. watching this movie  just once,  doesn't do it justice, as you have to watch it more, in order to pick up on  tiny details, that make the movie THAT much better. absolutely awesome! it.
B000007MVL|4.0|Up until recently I was of the opinion that 'Lionheart' was Kate's weakest  album. But I have since been re-evaluating, and indeed re-discovering,  Kate's second studio offering. The trouble with 'Lionheart' is that if you  compare it with the other album releases, it (in my opinion) remains the  'weakest'.  That is not to say that it's a weak album per se, quite the  opposite, but it is not quite in the same league as 'The Dreaming' or  'Hounds of Love' (which I regard as masterpieces). To mis-quote a Human  League lyric, 'Her worst is better than their best...' In other words,  'Lionheart' may not be Kate's piece de resistance, but its still streets  ahead of her contemporary's offerings. This holds true now more so than in  1978, when the album was released.<br />The fact that 'Lionheart' was  relatively rushed, and that it was recorded using good old fashioned  analogue technology (as was situational for 1978), actually work in its  favour. Absent are the multi-layered mixes and lavish production values  which are evident in the later albums, and in their place a much more  'band-like' sound, with Kate's vocals in particular sounding gorgeously  natural and unprocessed. This is evidenced by some of the pure vocal  harmonies Kate achieves (notably in 'Kashka from Baghdad': &quot;There's  light in love you see&quot;) - what I affectionately describe as 'sheer ear  candy'.<br />For me the highlight of the album is 'Hammer Horror'. This  remains one of my favourite Kate Bush tracks. It bears all the classic KB  hallmarks - it's dramatic, varied, lyrically intelligent, and provides a  perfect vehicle for Kate's vocal range. 'Hammer Horror' was actually an  early composition (pre-'Kick Inside'), penned when Kate was in her  mid-teens. As such, it is an excellent example of the immense talent this  lady has. The other standout track on the album is 'Oh England my  Lionheart' which, once again, displays all the aforementioned inimitable  characteristics.<br />'Lionheart' was meant to capitalise on the success of  'Kick Inside'. While it was not a great commercial success, or indeed a  magnum opus, it is still a great album by anyone's standards, and a  necessary part of the evolution of this woman's work.t' was meant to capitalise on the success of  'Kick Inside'. While it was not a great commercial success, or indeed a  magnum opus, it is still a great album by anyone's standards, and a  necessary part of the evolution of this woman's work.
B00004TWZG|5.0|I'll explain the title after I review the movie...<br />Leon: The Professional is by far the superior of the two versions available.  I  bought the VHS a few years back without ever even hearing about the film,  and loved it.  It will remain apart of my VHS collection forever.  Now as  for the uncut international version:<br />1. The added scenes make the film  much more enjoyable to watch.  It gives the story a plot; I'm not saying  the VHS version doesn't have a plot, but that it answers questions that you  may not have even had.  Two thumbs up, and why wasn't this version also  released in the United States? Hmmmmmmmm.<br />2. It's a whole different movie  than from the version you've seen before.<br />5 out of 5.  Two thumbs up.   What more can you ask for?<br />Leon vs. Luca.  Another great and eccentric  hitman is Luca from The Godfather.  I'm not saying that Leon is the same  kind of movie as The Godfather, but rather that the characters are very  much alike.  If you've seen The godfather movies you may or may not  recognize the simularities, but if you'd read the book then you've realized  that the characters are very comparable.  They both have very odd or  eccentric characteristics.  Leon only drinks milk, sleeps sitting up, lives  well below his means, and his only friend is a plant.  Luca has no friends  and also lives well below his means...actually they have a lot more in  common of which I realize I shouldn't be giving away because I don't want  to ruin the movie for those who have not seen it.<br />Hey, I've always wished  that they put more of Luca in The Godfather, but that movie was about the  Corleones.  This is not.  It is only about a hitman.  How can someone kill  for a living?  What kind of an individual would do this?  What kind of a  father would a hitman make?  Do they even have feelings? This movie answers  these questions without being overly violent, and adding an interesting  plot.   In conclusion, buy this movie you won't be disapointed.
B00004TRD8|4.0|The movie(s) themselves are worth more than half the price, but, the behind the screen footage is worth the other half.  Glad I made the  purchase.
B00003CWTI|5.0|&quot;people are helpless to fate, victims of time, and thier own emotions undo them.&quot; as john irving said and p.t. anderson energetically demonstrated on film, the intersection of peoples lives is often  coincidence and tragedy. certainly one of 1999's best and most  misunderstood films, magnolia is not for everyone. it is most certainly an  arty film, and a dificult and sad one to watch, but is most worthwhile. if  youre a big fan of double jeopardy, go rent some  and save yourself,  the myriad critical reviews of this film are all from people like you. if  youre in no way intelligent and know this then avoid magnolia.if you  &quot;think tom cruise is cute but dont like when hes serious&quot; dont  get magnolia. if you &quot;rent lots of movies and enjoy that delightful  meg ryan&quot; please dont think of buying this film.if you like film and  have any attention span and mental fortitude please rent or buy this very  good dvd. ooh and the extra stuff on the second disk is very good.
0385474547|1.0|This book didnt even have a plot until the last 50 pages. No one cared  about Okonkwo's yams!I only read this book because it was required and I  hope that no one would ever read it for pleasure.
6304509154|5.0|Poltergeist was a wonderful, thrilling movie!  It provided terror and humor in one well-made movie.  It starts out with a 5-year old girl's interaction with the &quot;T.V. people&quot; as she calls them.This girl, Carol-Anne, seems to know about these incidents as they happen such as moving chairs and other items.Eventually, she is sucked out of their &quot;ordinary&quot; house in to another world. While the rest of the family is struggling without her, Carol-Anne is trapped in a terrifying place which may have a certain evil presence.  The family does hire specialists to help them.  This includes a midget woman that seems to know all about this.  I loved the way that this movie gave the chills whenever anything remotely eerie happened.  Because this was my first horror movie, it will always remain a classic.  There are also two sequels that I thought didn't compare to the first, yet they weren't the worst movies I've seen.  I totally recommend this to anyone who likes thrill and terror.
B000002OZY|5.0|In 1969 two masterpieces were made: Tommy, by THE WHO and Arthur (Or The  Decline And Fall Of The British Empire), by THE KINKS. <br />There are albums  really complete, with strong lyrics and amazing sound for these years. Both  albums show us the best music of England.<br />If you bought Tommy, YOU MUST  BUY Arthur also !!
078324228X|5.0|I saw the Hurricane once my I was finally able to convince my mom to let me.  I saw it with my friend and I'm so glad I got my mom to back down.   This movie is not only about a twenty year struggle for freedom and  justice, it's about the man of the title: Rubin &quot;Hurricane&quot;  Carter.  Rubin shows distinct changes from a studdering juvenile kid to a  tough fighter and finally to a courageous role model.  I always look  forward when watching this over again and again, the scene where Hurricane  dukes it out with hate.  This movie tells the story of an amazing man and  what he went through that might have even made him what he later became.   He's not a brainless boxer, he understands the power of writing.  And he  puts forth the analogy of fate and destiny in his infamous talk with Lesra.   Not only does he deliver his well known quote, he gives this thought  provoking sequence of dialogue:<br />&quot;What was the first book you bought  (read?) son?&quot; &quot;Yours.&quot; &quot;You think that was an  accident?&quot; &quot;No.&quot; &quot;Neither do I.&quot;<br />I love this  movie and the acting done by Denzel Washington here is unforgettable.  This  film puts an extremely talented actor at his best in an inspiring story of  faith, hope and a transition from hate to love. This movie still brings be  on the brink of tears, ever since I saw it in around May at 13 years of  age.
0553213105|4.0|Never before have I read a book as Austen's Pride &amp; Prejudice.  Honestly, I don't read much book but I'm glad that I read this one.<br />Throughout the first and most of the second volumes, Eliza criticized  Mr. Darcy for his conceited, haughty attitude. She berated him for being so  snobby at the balls. Eliza made assumptions about Mr. Darct only using his  appearance and brief conversations with him as her premise. She also  believed rumors from absolute strangers (Mr. Wickham) that slandered Mr.  Darcy's reputation. Any bad news that she could find even the most baised  resource was a good enough for her, just as long as it intensified her  hatred for Darcy. One of the greatest accusations she put against him was  his acts of prejudce and his big pride. However, she had made these  conclusions based on her own prejudce against Darcy. This is the irony. She  was a hypocrite in her own way. She deserves equal censure for her pride  and prejudice. Unfortunately she realized her defects at near end. It is  not surprisng  that hse feels horrible about her discovery of her true  self. The irony in all of this is that she got so caught up in finding  Darcy's evil that she became who she hated most. She became the vain and  prejudced one. She became the enemy she loathed so much.  As you can  plainly see, this book had a lot of impact on me. It was really enriching  to read and Austen's delicate use of language which integrates the  formality of that time along with slight English humor. The amalgam of  languages helped me develop an intense vocabulary. I learned a lot of new  words and feel better about writing.
B00004T9UF|4.0|This is not one of his best. In the Slim Shady LP, he wasn`trapping about sickening stuff, I am not putting down Eminem, it is just  that I think the Slim Shady LP is slightly better than the Marshall Mathers  LP.
B000002KDG|5.0|This is just one of those albums that will never grow old for me.  While  the album contains several standout tracks, namely, the acoustic and  electric versions of Hey Hey My My, and the absolutely beautiful Thrasher,  its real strength lies in its folw as an album.  Just as you begin to grow  tired of the softer, acoustic songs that fill the first half of the album,  you are greeted by the loud electric guitars of Powderfinger, another Young  classic.  From this song on, it is nothing but Neil and Crazy Horse jamming  on loud, electric numbers.  No album better demonstrates Young's talents in  acoustic and electric rock.  All in all, the album is a great starting  point for any new fan, as well as a great addition to any long time fan's  collection, although I can't see anybody getting this album just to finish  off their Neil Young catalog.
6305776369|5.0|I expected &quot;Superstar&quot; to be mildly funny throw-away entertainment. I found it, however, to be very funny and suprisingly  meaningfull in an offbeat kind of way. If you've ever been the outcast in  school ... well, you probably won't be able to relate. But, if you were one  of the kids that even the outcasts stayed away from, then this is the movie  for you. Mary Katherine Gallagher is my new hero.<br />(As a side note, I  related to this movie in almost the same way as I related to Susana Kaysen  in &quot;Girl, Interrupted.&quot; Completely different movies in tone and  substance, but the main characters are very similar in the ways they are  set against the world)
B00003CWTH|5.0|One word can describe this film, beautiful. This film is absolutely beautiful. It has THE perfect cast, brilliant writing, and is an  intellectual challenge. This was one of the best edited films I've seen. It  also had a hint of Kubrick flavor to it. The slow music playing in the  background the entire time was wonderful. I found myself repeating over and  over &quot;I love this movie.&quot; P. T. Anderson crafted this jewel  perfectly. This movie gets seven stars!
B000009ED0|5.0|This albumn is Great! i Love it, it is my fav. album don't listen to the  bad reviews, cause it is tight!,it's a far cry from &quot;Grit's Sandwhices  4 Breakfast&quot; ,but it's still the best, as a big ,big, music fan, this  is my favorite c.d of all time, every single track on here is great, i'd  give it more than 5 strars,keep rockin' KiD!!
019431510X|5.0|My English teacher, the rewiewers of the 1,995 edition and the rewiewer of  this edition have said that this dictionary is one of the best that are  available now. I think that only the Collins English Dictionary is better,  but the Collins is too technical and very difficult for normal people.  <br />Certainly, this dictionary is very, very good. The A-Z part is very  useful. It has got more than 3,000 words with very clear meanings and with  little articles about grammar, diffences with words with similar meanings  (e.g. to say and to tell) and differences with Brittish English and  American one. This part also included the word's phonetic part.<br />The  appendixes in the beginning and in the ending of the dictionary helps you  to understand this dictionary and complete the teacher's explanations in  grammar, ortography and vocabulary (like a 2nd teacher).<br />The language  study pages in the middle are ideal for a better English writting in  letters, CVs, resums, e-mails, etc.<br />The colour illustrations make this  dictionary superb. They are about basic vocabulary and they have got maps  of the UK, Ireland, the US, Canada, Australia, New Zealand, the Caribbean  Islands, a map of the world and an interesting part the globe and the  seasons.<br />This dictionary is complete with topic pages about  computers,  musical instruments, the kitchen, health and sports. They are in black and  white, but they are interesting for learning more vocabulary, grammar and  ortography about these themes.<br />Finally, this dictionary is for students.  However, native English speakers, ELT teachers and English experts will  enjoy it.
0767903854|5.0|I've just finished this book and can say that it is one of the most  satisfying reads I've had in a long time. I love Bill Bryson's style of  providing us with highly informative material in such an entertaining  manner. I'm not sure I'll ever visit Australia, but as a result of this  book, I'm now quite fascinated by this amazing country. I also love Bill's  humorous interjections - they provide excellent therapy!
B000009ED0|5.0|This albumn is Great! i Love it, it is my fav. album don't listen to the  bad reviews, cause it is tight!,it's a far cry from &quot;Grit's Sandwhices  4 Breakfast&quot; ,but it's still the best, as a big ,big, music fan, this  is my favorite c.d of all time, every single track on here is great, i'd  give it more than 5 strars,keep rockin' KiD!!
B000002WPI|5.0|I don't know why I am reviewing anything, I must be really bored. Plus, I  don't have anything real special and unique to say about this album, but  that doesn't matter because the simple fact is if you like rap, this is one  of those few albums you do need and it really is that simple.  Find out why  the RZA is such a big deal now, why you still hear about Wu-Tang now, even  though they've fallen off a bit (while still being better than like 90  percent of everything else happening in rap these days).  This album is  them at their best and that is saying alot.
B00000IPAX|1.0|very dull album. what we have here is a very formulaic, prefabricated mtv joke band. the lyrics are horrible, of course. blink 182 is basically an  experiment gone awry. wanna try some REAL rock? listen to green day[ who  blink rips off extensively, and who happen to be excellent muscianas who  have been doing this music game for over 11 years now[ blink's got a good  year, year and a half on them...], my bloody valentine, the red hot chili  peppers, nirvana, sonic youth, the beastie boys, or the smashing  pumpkins.......avoid blink 182 at all costs
6301095294|5.0|Okay....I admit, this film makes very little sense, confuses the crap out of you,  and its characters deserve a severe beating of some kind.....BUT  THAT'S JUST THE POINT!<br />&quot;Magical Mystery Tour&quot;  was a very  independent project of the Beatles, during their famous L.S.D period.  Unlike all of their popular films, this one is aimed at more of an  underground &quot;art&quot; audience. It is weird, creative and just plain  insane! Don't expect to see any lovable mop-tops in this film....if you  aren't open minded to strange things, don't even bother with this  one.<br />However, the music videos are very rare and interesting! I love this  film, and find it very Influential!
B000002UAR|5.0|This is without argument, the greatest recording in pop history. Packed  with great songs and great performances, this is the record that changed  popular music forever. Flanging, for one, may be one of the most ingenious  inventions in pop history, and this was just the beginning...one can still  hear in todays pop...guitar sounds, tape loops, and spectrum broadening  that all started here. Combined with some of the greatest songs and  experiments in recording history...this is a must have...and Tomorrow Never  Knows, maybe the greatest psychedelic recording ever, is worth the price of  admission alone.
B000035P80|5.0|Nowhere else will you ever see such a private look at Bob Dylan. As the camera follows him around on his 1965 tour of England, we get to hear  actual, in depth conversations with Dylan, as he discusses his views, likes  and dis-likes....and OH BOY, he sure does have a lot of  dis-likes.<br />Throughout the years, Bob Dylan has become so silent towards  the media, it's a good idea for those of you who have never had the  pleasure of hearing Dylan speak, to have a look at this classic  documentary, which shows this very brilliant song writer, and all his  Wisdom.
B00000IRED|5.0|I first watched The Truman Show not expecting much, but it drew me in with its complexitys of the plot. This is one of Jim Carrey's best performances.  Its the perfect role for him. A character like Truman needs some zanyness  that Carrey provides. <br />Ok so we all know the plot: Truman Burbank, an  average man living in tranquility, has a suspision that something isn't  completely right in his flawless town of SeaHaven. Lighting fixtures fall  from the sky. Elevators with no walls. Shady people who come in and  dissapear without a trace. <br />He tries to leave the prosperous town, but  the bus driver doesnt seem to know how to drive the bus, since they're all  actors. Working together in the largest soundstage ever built. One large  show on 24 hours a day, displaying Truman's every move. Every thought.  <br />And at the helm of this counterfeit town is the creator, Christof. His  idea is to capture the life of an ordinary person, all day, every day.  Everyone loves the show. People leave their TV's on all night for the  comfort of Truman's presence. <br />Thats why Carreys peformance is important.  You feel the sympathy for his character. Understand his predicament. So  Truman Decides to leave his pleasant town for Figi. Where he was told, that  his only love had to move. But Christof doesnt want that. If Truman leaves,  there goes his show. <br />By the end of this movie, I felt cheated. I  expected more. I wanted to see Truman, in all the years he spent in the  camera's eye, how would he react in the real world? How would the world  view him now that he is free from Christof's world? I wanted an act III.  <br />Despite the ending, The Truman Show was a very enjoyable movie. It has  the comedy, drama and original story. Which makes it one of the best of  that year.
B00004TRD8|5.0|For those who cannot find the 3rd version of T2 on the Ultimate Collection disc here is the reason why: IT'S HIDDEN!  It is on there you just have to  find it.<br />There are 2 ways of finding this. The easiest way is to go  directly to title 3 (see your dvd player manual for that). The other way is  a bit more complicated. First you go to the Special Edition version screen,  you should see some weird symbols on the right hand side of the screen,  then you press the numbers 82997 on your remote (FYI: that is the date of  Judgement Day in the movie). Those weird symbols should disappear one by  one as you press the numbers. When your done it should say &quot;The Future  Is Not Set&quot;. Then the &quot;Extended Special Edition&quot; should show  up and then plays automaticly.
B000002NFM|5.0|Now, this was the first real &quot;techno&quot; experience I had, having to listen to &quot;Smack My Bitch Up&quot; a number of times. Whatever it  was about this album, their most recent, that became an instant hit in  America as well as in Britain, Prodigy fans love them. It probably didn't  get any Grammy award nominations in 1998. All of their CDs were deemed  essential recordings. Yet who knows? Someday, particularly once he gets  into it, Andrea Bocelli will be able to sing anything in the same way Sarah  Brightman can. 'Nuff said.
B00003CWL5|1.0|After reading some of these reviews claiming this is one of the greatest films of all time, my stomach turned.  This is probably the most  over-rated, boring waste of time &amp; money I've ever seen.  I thought the  acting was superb - by everyone.  BUT!  The actual storyline was terrible  and the scripting was bordering on pathetic.  I'm trying to decide the  worst part of the movie... was it being bored to tears?  was it the  predictable and unoriginal storyline?  was it the unclimactic ending? was  it the feeling of annoyance at my waste of money?  I mean, I can count the  number of times I laughed (and this was supposed to be at least somewhat  comical) on 1 hand...<br />This film had no business being nominated for  anything outside of the Rasberry Awards.  If you're looking for a  wonderfully told story w/ exceptional acting, watch The Green Mile (it's  long, though, I'm warning you now).  If you're looking for a dysfunctional  family just turn your TV to the Simpsons - at least you'll get a half-hour  of laughs... and you won't waste any money doing it!
B000002IQ9|4.0|I am NOT so much a fan of Phil Collins, the man who can play any  instrument, as I am of Sarah Brightman and Andrea Bocelli, my favorite  singers, but it helps to try anything once before dissing it. This man Phil  does kick a** often on this live recording, but some of these songs are not  as striking as the original studio versions I more recently heard for the  first time on \\"Hits.\\" Proof that casual listeners should just stick to the  original studio recordings. Still, with the right choice of songs and  acceptable arrangements, Seor Collins seems to have come a long way, even  if I'm not a diehard fan of him.
630420065X|3.0|This movie was pretty good.  Tom Cruise was a good actor and I enjoyed watching the tension-filled bits.  BUT it wasn't as nerve-racking as The World Is Not Enough, and I couldn't get the plot - though I couldn't hear bits of it very well.  What I did get of the plot sounded good, though - quite original.  Overall the thing survives - unlike Ethan Hunt's spy team, of course...
B000001IPL|5.0|smash is one of greatest albums ever made only second too dookie by  greenday. i bought it over two years ago and i'm still listening to it, the  lyrics on bad habbit are dead funny and the guitar playing through the  whole of the album is amazing. in my opinion self esteem is the best song  ever. buy it now!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!1
B000001OAB|5.0|i've heard garbage self - titled, and i want to say, it is great! shirley looks good in the inside cover [you'll have to buy it to find out]. it is essential for all garbage/shirley fans who like a good single-infested  album. it's cheap here, so get it now, or die a long and horrible death of  garbage malnutrition.
0812548094|4.0|**This is not a review but more of a comparison of elements.** I was  reading Stone of Tears and I just noticed several coincidences between the  Sword of Truth and Wheel of Time series.<br />First, Sisters of the Light =  Aes Sedai<br />Second Sisters of the Dark = Black Ajah<br />Third, Male  confessors as dangerous as male Aes Sedai to society<br />Fourth, Richard's  capture by Sisters of the light and Rand's    being put in the box by  Elaida's Aes Sedai<br />Fifth, both Richard and Rand found out that the men  they thought were their fathers were not really their fathers<br />Just some  things I thot of...
B00003CWTH|5.0|I loved every hour of this monster masterpiece. The plot defies  description, so many diverse lives, so much desperation and beauty that the  mind reels. Somehow it all comes to about as much resolution as any life  does. Watch this work of art with an open mind and heart.
B00003CX5P|1.0|Blatant commercialisim at it's worst! This video game of a movie simultaneously stinks and ruins a legendary trilogy. Parts of the story are  too convenient, others too pointlessly silly, and other's too complicated  to care about. I never thought Lucas could make a movie worse then his  &quot;Howard the Duck&quot;, but then Jar Jar came in and closed the coffin  on what once was a good filmaker. The only scenes in this piece of dung  that are watchable are the reruns of the first three: the race, the duel,  and the good guy blowing up the space station. NOTE: Whenever you have the  same ending THREE times in a FOUR movie set, you have got a heap of junk  that is only going to get worse. It's bad enough to see this movie, do not  make the mistake of buying it. This is, to me, the worst film ever made in  the history of our far, far away universe.
B00003CWL6|5.0|I saw American Beauty right whn it came out on video and then bought a used copy.  I love this movie!  I do not want to give anything away but I wil tell you the plot.  It is about a suburban family, The Burnams. The husband and wife, Carolyn and Lester, have had marital problems for a long time but do not show it in public.  Lester and Carolyn also have a 18 year old daughter Jane who doesn't like her parnt at all.  Obvioulsy they are falling apart.  Carolyn is having a hard time with her job as a house saleswoman.  Jane is a misfit in school.  Janes father starts to develope a crush on his daughter's friend, Angela and starts to have erotic dream an sexual fantasies about her.  Lester, Janes dad. starts going through a big mid-life crisis, quits his job and starts working at a fast food joint, starts smoking marijuana, gets in shape to impress Angela and acts like a teen.  This movie is very enjoyable and charming.  You will love it.  I'm not going to giveanything else away!
0141301104|4.0|What do kids like, according to Roald Dahl? They love being spooked, he once said. They love suspense. They love action. They love ghosts. They  love chocolates and toys and money. They love magic. They love being made  to giggle.  That's very much true, and this Dahl classic has a little bit  of everything that makes a good story.  You know that just from reading the  first paragraph, which reads:<br />&quot;In fairy tales witches always wear  silly black hats and black cloaks and they ride on broomsticks. But this is  not a fairy tale. This is about REAL WITCHES. REAL WITCHES dress in  ordinary clothes and look very much like ordinary women. They live in  ordinary houses and they work in ordinary jobs. That is why they are so  hard to catch.&quot; <br />As with many of Dahl's best books, the main  character must stop evil beings from doing something awfel to children!   (For example: Matilda must use her powers to stop The Trenchbull from doing  horrid things to her pupils in MATILDA, his last work.  In THE BFG, Sophie  must help The Big Friendly Giant rid the world of evil kid-eating giants.)  And here, an English/Norweigen boy and his all-knowlegeable grandmother  must stop all the witches in England from turning all the children into  mice, even at their own personal expense.<br />There were only four minor  things wrong with this book, and here I will describe them for you:<br />1.  SMOKING--Grandmama smokes cigars regularly, especially when she is telling  her grandson about the witches.  While it does describe the cigars as  discusting, this is not enough.  There should not be smoking in a  children's book, especially a Roald Dahl.<br />2. THE END--The end of this  book sets up the plot for a sequel. (If you've read it, you know what I  mean.)  But, strangly enough, there is NO SEQUEL.  This may enrage kids  (and adults!) who, upon reading the ending, were anticapating finding the  other book and reading about Grandmama and her grandson's further dealings  with witches (or &quot;vitches&quot;, as The Grand High Witch says in this  book.)<br />3. NAMELESSNESS--The main character has no name!  He is either  refured to as &quot;you&quot;, &quot;I&quot;, or &quot;grandson&quot;.  Now  that is disturbing!<br />4. BONDING--Grandmama and Grandson are bonded here  like no grandmother and son could ever really bond (I think so, anyway). In  this way it's a bit unrealistic.  But then again, if you want realisim,  you're thinking about the wrong book.  Dahl's masterworks are always so  zany and weird--that's what you come to expct from him if you're a loyal  Dahl fan.<br />Well, there you have it.  Except for those three things--great!  This book is &quot;a fast-moving, well-paced adventure that children will  undoubtably love.&quot; (School Library Journal).  While foes of magic (and  any real witches who must keep their secrets secret) will surely despise  this books exsistance, ALL US ROALD DAHL FANS SHOUT HOORAY! (adapted from  the last line on page 87).
B00004SCX6|3.0|I am stuck somewhere in the middle between those who listen to this c.d. 24/7 and those who would rather eat the c.d. than listen to it. I think  Britney is a talented singer, but I get really tired of her constant  moaning and groaning in an attempt to make her songs more interesting, and  those stupid little intros to the songs where Britney is gossiping with her  friends honestly make me cringe. The songs themselves are upbeat and fun,  but the lyrics mean absolutely nothing. (If you need proof, find the words  to &quot;Dear Diary&quot;.) Whether or not I like this c.d. really depends  on my mood. If I'm cleaning my room and need some energy, I'll pop it in my  boom box and sing along. But 70% of the time, I start listening to  &quot;Oops!...I Did It Again&quot; and end up laughing about how stupid it  is beneath the surface.
B00004W592|5.0|This album is simply stunning.  There is a moodiness that is truly original and classic. The sound is kind of like that of Traffic's on  &quot;Low Spark of High Heeled Boys&quot; but much faster. I cannot think  of band that plays or write like this currently.    The only comparison  that even comes close is The Dave Matthews Band.  The fluidity of playing  on this album is incredible.  I had not heard Valentyne Suite for 25 years  and then I found it at Amazon. I am so stoked that this album is available  again!  It is a must for anyone interested in early Jazz-Rock fusion.
B00003CXDF|5.0|This movie although a total muscle man movie was actually pretty good.  It had a semi complicated plot that kept you on the edge of your seat.  Although corny at parts Tom Cruise and Thandie Newton gave some very good performances.  All in all I gave this movie four stars.
6302467861|1.0|It was not the movie I remember as a kid. It is still pictures and someone reading the book. What happened to boil that dustspeck?
6305908648|5.0|I've viewed the video tape of the original 1969 performance many times and was impressed beyond belief. However, this new dvd presentation surpasses  the original. Filmed with multiple cameras and mixed in Dolby Digital 5.1  sound, this DVD is even more impressive than TOTAL ABANDON. The clarity of  the video rivals film and the sound just dosen't get any better than what  you'll find here. Excellant interview with keyboardist Jon Lord is  included. The band/orchestra combos on old PURPLE classics as PICTURES OF  HOME, SMOKE ON THE WATER, and especially WRING THAT NECK are wonders to the  ears. With over 100 musicians playing on these classics you'll be hearing  them again for the first time . Newer PURPLE tunes such as TED THE  MECHANIC, SOMETIMES I FEEL LIKE SCREAMING, and WATCHING THE SKY are given  the same treatment with equal abandon. The concerto itself has been  re-written slightly from the original '69 version and is presented here  with crystal clear sound. If you don't find your foot tapping or fingers  twitching to this disc, then your dead. Personnaly I feel this work has  improved with age. Kudos to Jon Lord for bringing it back!        Can't  wait for the tour to hit Chicago!
B0000025RI|5.0|Not just Michael Jackson's biggets selling album of all time, but 'the'  biggets selling album of all time. Shifting over 45 million copies since it  first went on the shelves in 1982 and which earned Jackson the title of the  'King Of Pop'. It's been available for about 18 years and is still the  undisputed champ amongst all other albums, even others by Jackson himself.  Buy this yesterday!!!
B00000AFWW|5.0|This album combines raw emotional power and slick pop beauty like nothing  else.  Every time I listen to it (and we're numbering in the thousands  here) I am struck with her naked expression of feeling and yet still want  to bang my head along with the music and/or dance around the room.  Forget  how you may feel about the person Courtney Love and make this album one of  your all-time favorites.
0060926317|2.0|I read this book several years ago, and was very impressed. However, when I later heard how some Aborigines representing the tribe she described in  her book, had actually gone to the US to protest to the author, I was very  disappointed (for more details see another reviewer on these pages), so I  only give this book 2 stars.<br />There are many stories which tell universal  truths and it does not matter if the story really happened or not: the best  of the 19th century novels, for example, or the stories by Carlos Castaneda  (in my opinion), or Kahlil Gibran's work. However, I disagree with several  reviewers on these pages who say it does not matter whether Morgan's story  is true or not; in Morgan's case, many (though not all) of the  &quot;truths&quot; are dependent on the Aboriginal setting, and are  specific to Aborigines and their history, and therefore I would argue that  it DOES make a very great difference. If her message(s) is/are  &quot;true&quot;, then why dress them up in fiction? If this book is  &quot;true&quot; even if the events are fictitious, then why claim (as the  author originally did) that they really happened? <br />The fact that this is  a work of fiction (the medium) eventually undermines the message, as the  reader is left with the worrying thought, &quot;if the events described  here are fictitious, then how much faith can I put in the beliefs or  philosophical positions put forward?&quot; There is even greater  undermining in &quot;Mutant Message&quot;, because the author (and many  Amazon reviewers) originally claimed the events really happened. The  subsequent opposition by the Aborigine elders (a remarkable and unusual  event in itself) calls into question the author's integrity, and therefore  the integrity of the text.<br />As a reviewer in the UK magazine &quot;Private  Eye&quot; put it (reviewing a different book), human beings' need for  spiritual guidance is very real and urgent: it deserves a sincere respect  and response, something with more integrity than Morgan's &quot;Mutant  Message&quot;. This book, like so many others, sounds good, but has no real  substance. As a work of fiction, it's not a bad story.Those seeking real  (as opposed to superficial or trendy) wisdom are advised to look elsewhere.  Works of anthropology would probably be more reliable amd insightful, if  one is looking for information about Aboriginal beliefs or society. <br />By  the way, a similar story about interaction between white men and a native  people, also a work of fiction and full of wisdom about life and people's  relationship with the land, is &quot;A Story like the Wind&quot; and  &quot;A Far-Off Place&quot; by Laurens Van der Post.
6303014100|5.0|Gettysburg is an outstanding war movie.  The story is historically accurate, the war scenes are first rate and the drama of that battle is  expertly portrayed.  No details were spared in the filming of the war  scenes which are not only accurate in every way but emotional and  realistic.  The acting is superb with great performances by Berenger,  Sheen, Elliot and Daniels.  The drama and dialogue portrayed by them with  each other and their soldiers demonstrates the tremendous leadership and  motivational qualities that these great men possessed.   The motivational  speeches to their men captured the emotion of the time.  Finally, the  uniforms, accents, language, old photographs and period music are splendid.
0767903854|4.0|Bill Bryson, a travel-writer with a difference, in a league of his own. Bill Bryson could be you or me; an endearingly incompetent traveler who  often gets lost, brings the wrong map, whose nerve sometimes fails when  faced with steely service staff, who is not a great conversationalist  (unless drunk), who likes good food and drink, and who, when hiring a car  and bravely setting forth to some distant destination, more often than not  spends half a day extricating himself from the suburbs.<br />I'm British and  have read all Bryson's books, except &quot;A Walk in the Woods&quot;. In  this book, his 6th travel book, he visits Australia, which he imagines as a  sort of cross between Britain and the US, &quot;Baywatch with  cricket&quot;; however, the reality turns out to be much more fascinating  and complex than that.  <br />Bill Bryson is an honest man who gives his  spontaneous, personal responses to what he encounters - Ayers Rock (now  called Uluru) evokes from him a genuine awe, whereas some of the souvenir  shops he sees are full of &quot;overpriced shit&quot;. <br />A knowledgeable  man (Bryson was a journalist in the UK for 10 years, and has written 2  books on the English language) who clearly does his homework both before  and after his trips, as attested by frequent references to writers on  Australia, the wealth of background information, and the 3 pages of  bibliography. He comes prepared, and knows what to look for, and plans his  route accordingly. However, he is interested in the wacky and weird as well  as the conventional cultural icons, and is often ready with an interesting  anecdote about the people involved. The opening page of this book contains  &quot;the startling fact that in 1967 the Prime Minister, Harold Holt, was  strolling along a beach in Victoria when he plunged into the surf and  vanished.&quot; A little further on he tells of Sir Eugene Goossens, head  of the Sydney Symphony Orchestra, whose goading led to the Sydney Opera  House being built, but who failed to see his dream realized: &quot;In  1956che was found to be carrying a large and diversified collection of  pornographic material, and he was invited to take his sordid continental  habits elsewhere. Thusche was unable to enjoy, as it were, his own finest  erection.&quot; And then there is the Big Lobster - not a biological  specimen, but made of wire and fiberglass, one of about 60 dotted around  the country, which you can visit if, as Bryson puts it, &quot;you have  sufficient petrol money and nothing approaching a real life.&quot;<br />Bryson  visits the main cities and famous spots, including the Great Barrier Reef  (complete with a hilarious description of Bryson trying to skin-dive, and a  more somber account of 2 young Americans stranded on the Reef and never  seen again), the Gold Coast, Uluru (Ayers Rock), Alice Springs, and various  deserts (often with a gruesome anecdote or two). There are also not so  famous spots, such as Shark Bay with its prehistoric stromatolites, Tree  Top Walk, Daly Waters with its famous tree, the aviation museum in Alice  Springs with the wreck of a famous airplane, Red Bluff Beach where 2  Dutchmen were abandoned, nearly 150 years before Captain Cook, and so on,  each with its own background story or anecdote, usually humorous or at  least enlightening. <br />In the background to the travel is Bryson's potted  history of Australia, including Captain Cook, &quot;transportation&quot;  era, the gold rush, various expeditions to explore the country (still  incomplete), the Aborigines, the rabbit invasion and myxamatosis, the  &quot;White Australia&quot; policy, the republican issue, and horrific  stories of crocodile attacks. This is what history and geography in school  should be like! Full of humour, and human interest, as well as information.  <br />This book told me a lot of things I didn't know, not only about  Australia but also terrestrial evolution; it made me want to visit the  place again, and, as Bryson's travel books always do, it sometimes made me  laugh till I cried, tho, as others have noted, it is not trying so hard to  be funny as his previous books.<br />(I read the UK version of this book,  entitled &quot;Down Under&quot;).
0440219078|5.0|I first read this book when I was 21 and more than a little hesitant to read what I deemed a &quot;children's book.&quot;  I could not have been  more wrong.  This is an amazing book.  A new 1984 aimed at young adults,  but an unbelievably great read for persons of all ages.  This is one of the  only books I have ever been able to read more than once, and it has not yet  ceased to amaze me.  I highly reccomend this for readers of all ages, and  see it as one of the best written and most original stories I have come  across.
B00003CXFU|2.0|Erin Brockovich was not one of Julia Roberts best movies. She does better in emotional and more romantic movies. She did her best job, in my opinion, in the movie Pretty Woman.
B000002H33|5.0|When you have a discussion of the best metal albums ever, you start with this one and work your way down. Unlike other 'thrash' albums released in  the same time span [reign in blood-slayer] this one is not concerned with  playing  the same note as fast as possible and unlike other metal albums by  the brit's[maiden, priest] there is not any cheesiness. The drumming is  excellent. It is not the same bass-snare.... drum track in every song like  the slayer cd. As good as the drmming is, the guitar work is even better.  They were more concerned with writing songs that sound good than writting  the fastest thing possible, although battery and damage inc. are amoung the  fastest songs ever. The solo's are well orchestrated and thought out, once  again not the first piece of rubbish to come out of your head. This is  where this cd stands above the slayer cd. As good as some of slayer's riffs  are,the  guitar solo's for the most part are just sloppy and hard to listen  to. The bass playing? Two words: cliff burton. Easily the best metal  bassist ever and one of the best in any genre and it shows on this cd. It's  a shame he is gone as he wanted to eventually form a band where he could  play lead bass. That would have killed. The vocals are great. Hetfield is  perfect. No screming at the top of is lungs like araya and no stupid  wailing lke an opera singer like the 'lady' that sings for iron maiden.
B00003CWNR|5.0|This movie is simply perfect. Great acting by Tobey Maguire (who gets my vote for best new actor), Michael Caine (who definitely deserved that  Oscar), Charlize Theron, and all the other actors. The screenplay, by the  author of the book (John Irving), is perfect too, bringing the watcher into  the world of medicine and abortion (Irving definitely deserved the Oscar).  Everything else is flawless about the movie too: the cinematography, art  direction, costumes. WOW!    <br />If you're building a DVD collection and  need some DVD's, buy this one. It's PERFECT!
1577311523|5.0|I'm convinced this is the best book on Spiritual Englightenment ever  written. It is simple, clear, direct and easy to read. Given the subject,  that is a major feat in itself. Written in the form of a dialogue, it's  more like a conversation than a textbook.    If every human being could  learn to be &quot;present&quot; in the way that Tolle suggests, all the  problems that plague the human race would be ended. This book can unlock  the riddles of the universe.  Wow!
B00000J2KT|5.0|This movie takes one of the most brutal aspects of the army and makes it even more brutal.  This story starts off with a fat kid that's trying to  make it through combat training.  The problems he has(mostly because he's  fat and not all there) and his resolution to the matter(full metal jacket).   Near the middle of the movie, the forward plot direction does a 90 degree  turn.  From here we follow a reporter in the war.  All in all, a fantastic  movie with some very disturbing scenes.
B000002GVZ|4.0|If you believe that Carly Simon produced her best work in the early 70s,  then this &quot;Best of&quot; compilation should satisfy all but the most  hardened fans and completists. All the hits extracted from her first 5  albums including the smash &quot;You're So Vain&quot; are here and they  still sound terrific today, the exception being Carly's duet with James  Taylor on &quot;Mockingbird&quot; which unfortunately hasn't aged well.  Compared to Charles &amp; Inez Foxx's original soul version or even Dusty  Springfield's amazing cover from her 1964 debut album, this 70s remake has  all the elements of commercialism and little else. Pity too that Carly's  later singles successes like &quot;Nobody Does It Better&quot; and the UK  hit &quot;Why&quot; are omitted (the European release of this same  collection starts off with the latter track). But for these minor  deficiencies, &quot;Best Of&quot; would have had a 5 star rating from me.
B00004TRD8|4.0|Play the DVD backwards. The result is Hidden THX Audio. At The end a T1000 voice will give special instruction on viewing the FOURTH Feature version!
B000002AVF|5.0|Mariah Carey started off in 1990 with her debut album which inspired and  enchanted the nation with her beautiful, swooping vocals with talent and  variety. Next came Emotions, her sophomore debut which was also amazing but  not as great. Music Box was third, giving us more of a pop taste then her  adult contemporary. Then Daydream. Daydream is a harmonious mix of hip hop,  pop and R&amp;B. Smooth songs. Sweet ballads and one has to think that this  voice is the perfect daydream. The five best are 1. Always be My Baby 2.  Fantasy 3. When I Saw You 4. One Sweet Day and 5. Underneath the Stars.  Mariah undoubtedly has a talent that few female artists can match so I  reccomend this CD wholeheartedly. Daydream is one of my top five favorite  CDs and is perfect just when you're getting sick of the hot new  teeneyboppers who for the moment rule the radio. Mariah's only fault is  re-writing the songs ot sound exactly alike. What's the difference between  Fantasy, Sweetheart, Dreamlover, and Heartbreaker? Thank goddness they're  awesome songs or she wouldn't be the diva she is. Daydream won't disappoint  you.
0875845851|1.0|I didn't much care for this book.<br />Frankly, it was painful to read.  Even finishing the first few chapters became a bit of an endurance test.  However, with so many positive reviews, I pushed onward to the bitter end,  hoping for a redeeming pearl of wisdom or some keen insight.  I finished  the book disappointed.<br />Don't get me wrong; I am very intrigued by the  premise.  Why do great companies fail?  How do disruptive technologies  redefine the competitive landscape?  How can established players compete  against new entrants?  All these questions are timely.<br />Here's the  skinny:<br />1. The book reads like a Ph.D. thesis written by a lobotomized  3rd grader.  Prepare yourself for long tirades full of grammatically  ridiculous prose.  The numerous charts and tables are a holy terror!<br />2.  Christensen repeats himself on many occasions.  Rather than being clear  once, he attempts to make his point by being unclear many times.<br />3.  Christensen may be a business school professor and a former consultant, but  that does not make him a business strategist.  It certainly doesn't make  him a writer.<br />All told, buy the Cliff notes or the executive review.
6303965415|2.0|This was one of the most boring and tedious videos I have ever seen.  I agree with Leonard Maltin that the film &quot;demands patience.&quot;  The  two lovers showed very little passion.  Root had almost the same expression  on her face throughout the whole story. The actors spent more time eating  than talking. And there was an overall feeling of heaviness. The book is  far better than the movie. The only good thing about the movie was the  scenery, and so I give it 2 stars.
B000005J56|5.0|I have no words to describe how brilliant this recording is. Buena Vista  Social Club bring alive the music that has sustained Cuba as far back as  the 1920s. Listening to the likes of Ibrahim Ferrer, Ruben Gonzalez,  Eliades Ochoa, Compay Segundo and Omara Portuondo paint a picture of a  vibrant and soulful Cuba from the not too distant past. Needless to say,  all musicians on this album have such incredible talent, that it is  difficult to believe that we've missed out on such a musical extravagance  for over 50 years. I have not come across a singer that can deliver such  heartfelt passion in their music like Ibrahim Ferrer (83) and Compay  Segundo (93), but the person that moved me the most on this recording was  the 77 year old pianist Ruben Gonzalez. You just have to listen to PUEBLO  NUEVO and MURMULLO to realise this man's incredible talent. It is hard to  believe that Ruben virtually had given up playing due to arthritis in his  hands, and that he has no piano at home. <br />It is amazing to think that  none of the musicians received recognition at the height of their careers,  and seeing their current living conditions is a humbling experience.  Nonetheless, I am happy that they achieved fame at last. All songs on this  album are masterpieces. This recording is worth ten times its price, and it  is one of my most treasured CDs in my music collection. It is a nostalgic,  yet brilliant piece of Cuba.
6302426499|5.0|I believe that film is a truly respectable modern art form when done well.  Tarkovsky is a filmmaker who must be regarded as one of the great 20th century artists, ranking up there with Cartier-Bresson, Picasso, O'Keefe, Lucian Freud, and Brassai.  Andrei Rublev is perhaps one of the most stunning films I have ever encountered . . . and certainly one of the most stunning works of art I have ever seen.  It continues to beguile and capture my intellect viewing after viewing.
B00004SCX6|1.0|ack! this CD TOTALLY shows that she has NO VOICE whatsoever. i mean, HELLO! Dear Diary, i met a totally bad CD today. she can't sing, write, and  is a ditz. if u want to hear some people that have REAL talent, listen for  Mandy Moore (5 stars), Jessica Simpson, Christina Aguilera, or NSYNC.
0671034065|5.0|As a huge fan of Linda Howard, I must say that I was skeptical when I heard there was a new hardback being released.  After being a mite  disappointed with Kill &amp; Tell and All the Queen's Men, I was content to  wait for A Gme of Chance.  I knew that she could not go wrong with the  McKenzie's.  I LOVED Chance's book; which is great after waiting so long  for it.  I decided to give Mr. Perfect a chance.  I am SO glad that I  did.<br />Linda Howard is known for the off the chart sensuality she puts into  her books, as well as the strength of her characters.  This book surpassed  even her normal level of performance.  This is the FUNNIEST book I have  read in a long time.  If you like  sarcasm and verbal sparring you will  thoroughly enjoy the battle of wills between Sam &amp; Jaine.  Seeing these  two go head to head had me laughing out loud several times. <br />The language  of the book is incredibly real and contemporary.  Howard dares to let her  characters think and say things that we have thought, said, and heard from  our partners in real life.  Sam and Jaine confront each other and issues in  the bold, upfront manner that often marks Howard's style.<br />This book is a  keeper and I hope that there are more books to come.
0385484518|5.0|I often judge a book's value by how long its words stay with me. I finally  got around to reading TUESDAYS WITH MORRIE a few months ago to see what all  the fuss was about, and Morrie's life still resonates deep inside me.  In  these days when our children often search for people who define the word  &quot;hero,&quot; here is depicted a quiet hero, one who faced both life  and death with dignity, compassion, and wisdom.  This book has now become a  regular part of my high school and college graduation gifts.  And if its  lessons aren't learned quite then, perhaps they will be later on in that  graduate's life.  As far as TUESDAYS WITH MORRIE's author, Mitch Albom's  journalism background keeps him from getting overly maudlin or tragic.  His  spare writing style makes it easy to digest Morrie's pearls of wisdom, and  keeps the reader from feeling sorry for a man who wanted no pity.  Albom  also offers the reader an unflinching look at Lou Gehrig's Disease, which  educates at the same time as it horrifies. This is not a book so much about  Morrie Schwartz's death, but rather about his life.  And what a life it  was...  I regret never having met Morrie while he was alive...it would have  been a privilege.  I must be content to have him live on for me in the  pages of Albom's book.  Thank you, Mr. Albom, for writing TUESDAYS WITH  MORRIE.  And thank you, Mr. Schwartz, for having made this world a better  place just by having lived.
0780622553|5.0|This is one of the best sci-fi movies in years.  It is visually unique, suspenseful, intelligent and surprisingly romantic.  I look forward to  seeing Alex Proyas' future work.
B00003CXDD|5.0|One of the greatest fantasy movies I've ever seen! Funny, full of action/adventure, great acting, and outstanding cinematography. Did I mention never-ceasing amazement? There are simply no similar hi-quality stories filmed just yet, with the exception of [[ASIN:B0007PLLQ0 Legend]] and the soon-to-be-released [[ASIN:B00003CWT6 The Lord of the Rings]], but that's it. Full of unexpected surprises, Willow has even some Biblical parallels (Moses in the river basket, etc.), and it is a great fun for the whole family. No unnecessary profanity or sexual innuendos, which parents always spot in some new Disney movies. If you seek an unforgettable experience with your kids, this fantastic flick is for you. My kids begged me to buy it when it came on DVD, and we watch it over and over again.
0783217048|3.0|[Add a half-star if you don't mind being manipulated.]<br />All during the summer, in seeing previews, I was worried about To Wong Foo... being an American version or rip-off of Priscilla: Queen Of The Desert. Trust me, there are a lot of similarities; however To Wong Foo... stands on its own as an enjoyable movie experience. In the audience I sat in, there was laughter and applause throughout and I found myself laughing and applauding along. (I hadn't expected to.)<br />Patrick Swayze is Vida Boheme, a drag queen from Bala Cynwyd, PA living in New York City. Bala Cynwyd is pivotal in his story. So is Noxeema Jackson (Wesley Snipes). Boheme and Jackson are friends competing against Chi Chi Rodriguez (John Leguizamo) and others for &quot;Drag Queen of the Year&quot;. Well, as luck would have it, Boheme and Jackson tie for the honors and both win an all-expense paid trip to Hollywood.<br />Well, Boheme is a queen with a heart. She can't stand to see Chi Chi, who lives in the same building, so upset about not winning the crown; so, Vida bullies Noxeema into trading their paid-for airline tickets for a car and, together, the three set off to drive cross-country. Shades of Boys On The Side.<br />Early on, the trio is stopped in the middle of nowhere by a county sheriff (Chris Penn in a hoot of a role). What happens next brings more remembrances of Boys On The Side.<br />Eventually, our fun-loving &quot;females&quot; end up in Snydersville, a small hamlet where everyone seems to have a problem and our girls have a solution for every single one of them. Despite this manipulation, To Wong Foo... delights at every turn. It's laugh-out-loud funny and not at all subtle. Normally, that would be a criticism, but in this case, it turns out to be a refreshing change of pace.<br />Of course, all of the elements in the story come together for a schmaltzy conclusion. But, that's OK. You'll get all wrapped up in it anyway, just like I did.<br />(Boy, was I surprised.)<br />[Originally written 10 September 1995]inally written 10 September 1995]
0446608955|1.0|I am on page 214 and am reticent to move on to 240.  What a bunch of bunk!   Is Nicholas Sparks the male Danielle Steel of this century?  To  say it was predictable would be superfluous.  Nick, have you ever read a  well written book?  OK I picked it up at Costco for a mere 3.79 and I have  at least 600 books to my name, but never have I read anything so lame.
6304711891|4.0|[Subtract a star if your plots must be plausible.]<br />Stanley Goodspeed (Nicolas Cage) -- what is this, a James Bond movie? -- is a chemical and  biological expert for the FBI. This is a guy who admits that he likes his  job and it shows. When he's thrown into a perilous situation, he gets off  on finding a way out. He's about to get off BIG TIME.<br />General Francis X.  Hummel (Ed Harris) has had enough. He's led Marines in highly covert  operations. His men have given their lives for their country and now their  country disavows(!) their actions and discards their families. Gen. Harris  has tried in vain to get the government to listen. Now, he's gonna make  them listen.<br />Hummel has assembled a crack team of commandos. First, he  and his team break into a military chemical facility and steal a form of  nerve gas called VX. This is pretty bad stuff. When one of his team jostled  and drops one of the pellets, he gets sealed in the vault and we get to  watch his skin boil and melt while he begs to be let out.<br />When we next  see Hummel and his comrades, they're taking the tour of Alcatraz Island in  San Francisco Bay. Before you know it, Hummel is letting the park ranger  know that the tour is over. He lets the Government know that he wants  reparations or there's gonna be lots of skin boiling in San  Francisco.<br />Enter John Patrick Mason (Sean Connery) -- maybe it IS a James  Bond movie. Mason is a federal prisoner. We soon learn that Mason had  actually escaped from Alcatraz even though it was generally thought that  Alcatraz was inescapable. It becomes Mason's job to lead Goodspeed and a  team of Navy SEALS onto Alcatraz and free the tourist hostages and save San  Francisco's citizens.<br />The Rock is not only an action movie, but it's  funny as well. You'll love the relationship between Cage and Connery. Also,  what about the mysterious (and hostile) relationship between Mason and an  FBI special agent (John Spencer)? What does the agent know about Mason that  he doesn't want any one else to know. The Rock works in so many wacko  conspiracy theories about the Government that you'll enjoy figuring out  which ones they left out.<br />The Rock is a great summer diversion. Despite  some goofy scenarios, the relationship of Mason and Goodspeed will carry  the day. Plus, there's TONS of action in this movie. It's nearly non-stop,  especially when Mason and the FBI nearly destroy San Francisco on their  own.<br />Spend a few bucks and enjoy. I recommend it!<br />[Originally written  29 June 1996]Mason that  he doesn't want any one else to know. The Rock works in so many wacko  conspiracy theories about the Government that you'll enjoy figuring out  which ones they left out.<br />The Rock is a great summer diversion. Despite  some goofy scenarios, the relationship of Mason and Goodspeed will carry  the day. Plus, there's TONS of action in this movie. It's nearly non-stop,  especially when Mason and the FBI nearly destroy San Francisco on their  own.<br />Spend a few bucks and enjoy. I recommend it!<br />[Originally written  29 June 1996]
0320037800|1.0|The English version of this book is great.  Unfortunately, the French  translation is dreadful.  The translator apparently became bored with the  book and has left out ENTIRE PAGES of the story.  It is probably the worst  translation I have ever read of any book.
B00003Q43A|4.0|[Subtract a half-star if your plots must be plausible.  Subtract a half-star if you don't like stereotyping and subliminal messages.]<br />We've  all seen the ads. The aliens are coming and they're not friendly. They  arrive and they start blowing up the cities and all the people in them.  That's why this movie is playing to sold-out audiences at my local  multiplex. Everybody likes to watch a train wreck; it's a guilty pleasure.  And, so, too, is Independence Day.<br />The movie opens at Earth's moon,  where the debris of Apollo XI still lingers. Soon, though, it is  overshadowed. Massively. Back on Earth, the TV picture is fuzzy. And, you  have cable. Why? Well, the cable guy knows why. Not that one, but David  Levenson (Jeff Goldblum) who's been peering over a puzzle and suddenly  comes up (for air) with an unpleasant answer. Pretty soon, he's leaving an  overshadowed New York and heading for overshadowed Washington to bring the  bad news to the President (Bill Pullman).  Because Frank's ex-wife is the  President's press secretary, he gets in to see him just in time to get the  President and his staff out of harm's way.<br />On July 3rd (movie time), the  aliens start blowing things up in a fashion that probably makes Rush  Limbaugh and the militia guys drool.  Down goes the White House, the  Capitol, the Empire State Building, and the First Interstate tower in  downtown L.A.  (Hey, this is what we all came to see, right?)  The rest of  the two and a quarter hour movie is spent figuring out how we're gonna  defeat these blokes from outer space.<br />Independence Day was intended as a  throwback to the alien and monster pictures of the 50s as well as an homage  to some great sci-fi, disaster and political movies of the ensuing years as  well. So, its not surprising that ID4 evokes memories of movies as varied  as Alien, The War of the Worlds, Dr. Strangelove, Star Trek, and even  Earthquake. As the cast of characters romp from one implausible situation  to another, it all works because the movie is inspired fun.<br />Speaking of  inspired, there's some good casting here. For comic effect, look to Brent  Spiner, Randy Quaid, Harvey Fierstein, and Judd Hirsch. Vivica A. Fox,  Margaret Colin, and Mary McDonnell do yeoman work as the women behind the  men. Adam Baldwin and Robert Loggia, in roles they could play in their  sleep, are military men. Finally, Will Smith is the fighter pilot who makes  all the right moves.<br />Kudos to Dean Devlin and Roland Emmerich, the  filmmakers behind ID4. Like Stargate before it, this movie brings together  a lot of disparate elements that you wouldn't expect to find in one film.  It's truly a hoot.<br />I can't understand the need for some people to try  and compare a film like Independence Day to, say, Sense and Sensibility.  They're two completely different kinds of film. In its genre, Independence  Day is one of the better ones by far.<br />[Originally written 2 July  1996]<br />Addendum: 2 September 2000 -  This &quot;special edition&quot; DVD  adds elements that bring into coherence some of the unintelligible portions  of the &quot;final cut&quot; script.  With the additional scenes,  commentary, and DVD materials, this film is more enjoyable than ever.her, it all works because the movie is inspired fun. <br />Speaking of  inspired, there's some good casting here. For comic effect, look to Brent  Spiner, Randy Quaid, Harvey Fierstein, and Judd Hirsch. Vivica A. Fox,  Margaret Colin, and Mary McDonnell do yeoman work as the women behind the  men. Adam Baldwin and Robert Loggia, in roles they could play in their  sleep, are military men. Finally, Will Smith is the fighter pilot who makes  all the right moves. <br />Kudos to Dean Devlin and Roland Emmerich, the  filmmakers behind ID4. Like Stargate before it, this movie brings together  a lot of disparate elements that you wouldn't expect to find in one film.  It's truly a hoot. <br />I can't understand the need for some people to try  and compare a film like Independence Day to, say, Sense and Sensibility.  They're two completely different kinds of film. In its genre, Independence  Day is one of the better ones by far.<br />[Originally written 2 July  1996]<br />Addendum: 2 September 2000 -  This &quot;special edition&quot; DVD  adds elements that bring into coherence some of the unintelligible portions  of the &quot;final cut&quot; script.  With the additional scenes,  commentary, and DVD materials, this film is more enjoyable than ever.
B00004TRD8|5.0|This limited T2 special edition finally brings out the potential of DVD! Wow! I'm a terminator fan from the first hour, so the 'special edition' was in my LaserDisc collection for years. And although that edition covers the entire SE as on this DVD, the sound quality was (back then) limited to digital Dobly Surround. Not bad, but I always hoped for T2 in AC-3. That AC-3 LaserDisc version of T2:SE never made it to production, but now the DVD has!!! And when you're lucky enough to have DTS playback you'll be surprised by the quality they out into this movie. Ofcourse it had to be good, since it is THX certified, so picture &amp; sound quality are absolutely superb! The dual layer, double sided disc is PACKED with extra's. So much it will take you HOURS &amp; HOURS to see it all. The unique thing about it is, that it's all worth it! Although I keep my LD version, I'm pretty sure it will not spinn too many rounds in my (combi) player! <br />THIS DVD IS A 'MUST HAVE!' NOW GO ON &amp; BUT IT!
B00004RFFI|3.0|[Add a star if you get off on non-stop action; subtract one if you MUST have a plot.]<br />One of the things that gets me about movie reviews is that  every thing has to be so subjective. In the case of this little movie, the  subjective complaint is PLOT, PLOT, PLOT. A couple of things. First, when a  latter-day movie has the name of Twister, what do you expect? A Long Day's  Journey Into Night? Schindler's List? I think not. This movie is for  escapism and it should be judged in that context.<br />Secondly, the movie  does have a plot. Hell, there's even sub-plot.<br />Bill Paxton is Bill  Harding, a TV weatherman chasing his soon-to-be ex-wife Jo (Helen Hunt).  You see, Bill wants to get married to psychiatrist Melissa (Jami Gertz) but  he can't until he get Jo to sign the divorce papers. Jo, however, is  occupied. See, she is chasing something herself. Tornadoes. She hates them.  She's obsessed by them. So, she hunts them down so she can place small  sensors into them. The sensors will give her and other scientists better  information about them. While she's chasing the tornadoes, she's running  away from Bill. She's playing hard to get, or rather, hard to get rid of.  Jo is ambivalent about divorcing Bill. She's so ambivalent that she's built  his invention, named Dorothy, to launch the sensors into a funnel, if she  catches one. Maybe, in the meantime, she'll catch her man. Again.<br />So, off  they go. Jo's chasing tornadoes with her rag-tag bunch of storm chasers.  Bill is chasing her trying to get her to sign the divorce papers, while  trying to convince the aforementioned rag-tag bunch that he's not back in  the storm-chasing game. All the while, Melissa is trying to figure out all  the things swirling all about her.<br />Meanwhile, while Jo's group is  rag-tag, the group headed up by Dr. Jonas Miller (Cary Elwes) is not. It's  slick and para-military. Dr. Miller seems to have ripped off Bill's designs  and constructed a sensor launcher of his own to rival Dorothy. So, it's a  race to see which storm-chasing team gets their device launched first.<br />I  went into the movie house wanting a thrill ride and I got exactly what I  wanted. It was an enjoyable experience. I can actually see Twister: The  Ride on the Universal Studios tour in the forseeable future. That's because  the movie is just that, a non-stop thrill ride from start to finish with  just enough of a plot to let you catch your breath and move the story  along.<br />See for yourself.<br />[Originally written 2 June 1996]Dorothy. So, it's a  race to see which storm-chasing team gets their device launched first.<br />I  went into the movie house wanting a thrill ride and I got exactly what I  wanted. It was an enjoyable experience. I can actually see Twister: The  Ride on the Universal Studios tour in the forseeable future. That's because  the movie is just that, a non-stop thrill ride from start to finish with  just enough of a plot to let you catch your breath and move the story  along.<br />See for yourself.<br />[Originally written 2 June 1996]
0783230710|5.0|Ron Howard has directed some very good films.  However, his best films tend to have strong, believable characters that the audience develops much  sympathy for.  Among my favorite Howard films are Splash and Coccoon.   However, Apollo 13 is his greatest cinematic achievement (and an oscar  nominee for best picture).  The film features characters that we grow to  care for as the film progresses.  Of course, anyone who knows history  already knows the outcome of the film, yet Howard has created such  sympathetic characters, wrapped around such a deeply suspenseful,  tautly-paced film structure that we find ourselves agonizing over the  potential fate of the astronauts.<br />Briefly, the film concerns the  ill-fortuned crew of the Apollo 13 spaceflight to the moon.  The astronauts  are played by Tom Hanks and Bill Paxton and Kevin Bacon, and they are all  quite good.  The supporting cast is likewise superb - Ed Harris in an oscar  nominated role (he lost to Kevin Spacey in Usual Suspects), Gary Sinise as  an earth-bound astronaut, and Kathleen Quinlan as Hanks' wife in another  oscar-nominated role.  In fact, this is probably the best cast of any  Howard film.<br />The film is fairly rooted in hard science, and it reflects  accurately the technology of the time.  It's funny to see slide rulers  being used or to hear about wonderful computers that only take up one room  and can do thousands of calculations per second. It is truly amazing that  the average desktop computer nowadays has more computing power and  capability than all the computers that helped to send the brave astronauts  of the entire Apollo program into space.<br />I bought the DTS version of the  DVD.  Believe me, the sound quality is worth it! The DTS DVD is bare-bones,  containing only an anamorphic version of the film with either the DTS or  2-channel soundtrack.  But it's quite amazing, especially in the lift-off  scene.  Picture quality is good but a littler softer than I thought it  would be.  Still, the image quality is very high, and I can't say enough in  praise for DTS.  Those customers with a DTS-capable DVD player would do  well to obtain this DVD.<br />Highly recommended!
6303282237|4.0|This is the type of screen epic we don't see anymore. Charlton Heston and Sophia loren have to be one of the most alluring, simply beautiful screen  couples ever. It's difficult to take your eyes of them when they are on the  screen. Rarely does an epic have such stirring, dramatic and emotional  scenes. This is not an empty epic just filled with thousands of extras-it  really has a pulse.  Both actors actually are better in their roles as the  film progresses, particularly Heston.  The ending gives me goose bumps  everytime I see it!
B00004Y62T|5.0|This film is an excellent thriller that goes deep into the mind of Tom Ripley. In my opinion, it is one of the best films of the year. I love this  movie and can not wait until it comes out on video. See it today!
0792156684|3.0|this wouldn't have been bad if the story wasn't so depressing, I don't really like chick flicks all too much and I think if anyone would want to watch a movie w/ Leonardo to chose The Man In the Iron Mask which was more dramatic and good. One of the characters on that movie was from End Of Days. This isn't the worst, but it definitely isn't the best.
B00000IRB2|5.0|Sarah Brightman's Eden collection is the perfect calming, meditative,  haunting, mesmerizing, intensely feminine (even seductive) sopranic singing  that you will want to listen to over and over and over.   It is very easy  to listen to. The collection is perfectly chosen and mixed. Sarah Brightman  displays magnificant operatic talents that the average person can enjoy and  relate to. A wonderful gift to a friend or someone you'd like to have as a  friend.
630516889X|5.0|This was probabaly the greatest movie ever created, think about it... a nearly invisible alien that hunts people vs. the guy from terminator!<br />But  this movies not just about death and killing people, its a story about  death and killing people that u cant get tired of, a great cast supports  the plot, Jesse Ventura and Carl Weathers also star in this awesome movie,  and its kinda cool to see a governer pull out a mini gun and start killing  guerillas!<br />Even though you know that he will probabally survive in the  end, it doesnt hinder the plot... cuz its got an awesome ending! i recomend  this for anyone whos never seen it...
0761118411|5.0|I received this calendar from one of my best friends three years ago and have been hooked ever since.  Being introduced to Louise Hay through this  calendar (and her books/tapes) is one of the best things that ever happened  to my family.  We all read her affirmation for the day each morning.  I  have many of them posted around the house and at work.  We plan to give  this calendar to many of our friends and family members this year for the  holidays.  This item is definitely a treasure to cherish each day of the  year!  Peace and love to all for 2001.
B00000J7S8|4.0|All of a sudden, it seems, Diana Krall is everywhere. On T.V. in her own lyrical special, being touted by many jazz musicians, espically pianists,  in magazines and union material, and now opening for Tony Bennett. And for  good reason--this woman has the looks, the voice, the style, the  musicianship at the ivories that takes us back to the 40's a la Lena  Horne.<br />Smooth as silk with that just right jazz edge, Ms. Krall delivers  that 'lil bit of smoky, sensual sound with 13 tracks on &quot;When I Look  In Your Eyes&quot;. Plucky strings from Johnny Mandel snap, crackle and pop  on &quot;I'll String Along With You&quot;, &quot;Pick Yourslef Up&quot; and  &quot;Do It Again&quot;. A sassy Latin twist has been added to &quot;I've  Got You Under My Skin&quot; and &quot;Let's Face The Music and Dance&quot;.  The sticks and brushes on Lewis Nash and Jeff Hamilton's drum work are  perfect with her voice, especially on one of my fav's &quot;Popsicle  Toes&quot;.<br />Just look at the cover photo shot--a glimmering talent to  swing, sway, and simply sexy jazz your night away to.
B00004YA66|5.0|Even if you hate superficial stories, you will love this movie.  It is a love story(!); it is a thriller; it is a dedective story... It's been quite  a while I was not moved as such. Dennis Quaid is at his best; it seems like  he is getting better every day. If you have a father, just see this  piece...
B000001ELR|5.0|When I first bought this CD I wasn't sure if I should buy it,  I had the following CD's...<br />Dynasty, Double Platinum, Alive II, Love Gun, Rock N  Roll Over, Destroyer, Alive!, Dressed To Kill, Hotter Than Hell, and  KISS.<br />I had heard War Machine and reaaly liked it. I went over to KARMA  and bought this CD, I didn't know what to expect. All the way from the  beginning to the end I loved it, it's my favorite since Love Gun. My  favorites are the title track, I Love It Loud, and War Machine. It's Really  Worth the money. Highly Recommended.
B000009QPQ|5.0|I have had this cd since its release and I still listen to it at least  once a week.  I say that it is possibly the best because HTHR is very good  but TTGG is a cd I heard at the right place/time and it stuck.  The lyrics  are as touching as any I have ever heard and they just contiue to grow on  you.  I can say that the songs I enjoy the most now are certainly not the  ones that initially grabbed my ear.  Great music, lots of integrity, I say  for the money that this cd and the first half of SOL is their finest work.   Also check out Golden Smog &quot;Down By The Old Mainstream&quot;.
B000001ELL|4.0|Despite what every other fan says, I like Dynasty. &quot;I Was Made For  Lovin'You&quot; and &quot;Sure Know Something&quot; are both very good.  Ace's songs are the truly the highlight, Peter contributed a song,  &quot;Dirty Livin&quot;. That's why it's 4 stars instead of 5. Charisma is  a good Gene tune. Overall this album is good despite the slight influence  of disco. Disco may be dead but KISS isn't!
6305905401|5.0|I hesitated renting this movie, because I hadn't heard many good reviews on it. I had, however, been intrigued by the previews, so I decided to take  the chance. In my opinion, I made a good choice. To be a truly good and  honest critic, one must be blind to everything but the movie itself. Pay no  attention to who directed it, who starred in it, or what genre to force it  into. If you spend more time comparing and contrasting a movie than  actually watching it, how can you ever enjoy it? Many people were hoping  that it would be a horror movie while it was more slow paced. Other were  renting it for the brand name actors, and were disappointed to the find  they had little roles. Some were expecting something different because of  the director. The story is about Johnny Depp's character being hired by a  rich, power hungry book collector (Frank Langella) to see if his most  prized book, &quot;The Ninth Gate&quot;, is authentic. The book is designed  to summon the devil, but since his does not seem to do that, he believes  that only one out of the three copies in existence is real. Depp soon gets  more that he bargained for, his own life along with many others in danger.  The story is rich in detail and contains many clever twist in plot line. It  must be warned, however, that if one does not pay close attention to the  story, the ending with make no sense.
B00000AFDW|1.0|The first three songs are okay, but after that this thing is totally down  the drain. Believe me, I LOVE kiss, but the whole record is like  &quot;LOOKING BACK ON DAYS OF GLORY&quot;. Examples : Looking Back it feels  all right, Let's make up or break up. I recommend KISS (1974) thru  CREATURES OF THE NIGHT (1982). Psycho Circus, I Pledge Allegiance, and  Within are OKAY but the rest stink. It's hard to believe that that the same  people who made this made LOVE GUN, CREATURES OF THE NIGHT, and ROCK N ROLL  OVER.
0061053147|4.0|I enjoyed this book very much.  It provided tremendous insights into the  movie and, to some degree, the book upon which it was based. (Do Androids  Dream of Electric Sheep?)  My only complaint was that the author never  really explained what &quot;Future Noir&quot; means!  Not being a student  of the arts, it would have been nice to have had the term &quot;film  noir&quot; defined at the beginning of the book.  (By the way, it refers to  a type of film portraying a dark, realistic view of the world.  Apparently  this generally includes Post-WW II detective movies.)<br />One thing the  author did which I appreciated was to divide the book up into several key  sections.  In this way, one can quickly flip to a specific area of  interest, such as the making of the soundtrack or special effects.
0375703764|2.0|Self-indulgent post-modern hall of mirrors.  If you want that, I recommend INFINITE JEST instead. Sections of inspired prose, but too much pastiche of  academic media studies.  Deliberately hard to puzzle out: There is some  erudition, but more often the difficulty is simply the layout (mirror  writing, e.g.).  Frequently more attention is paid to the layout than the  prose. I read SF/F/H.  Stripped of the gimmickry nothing is new.  Hodgson's  HOUSE ON THE BORDERLAND and Lovecraft.  BLAIR WITCH, POLTERGEIST, and  HELLRAISER.  I read the whole thing to find what happens, but found it not  worth the effort.  Ending is anticlimactic.
0792151712|1.0|I come from the town that built Titanic. Contempoary reactions to the sinking were mainly shock, as Harland &amp; Wolff had an international  shipbuilding reputation. This lamentable piece of 3hour-plus tosh is just  that- not only because of its imposition of 1990 social mores [Jack would  never have met Rose, let alone made holiday-package nude love with her in  1912], but because of its quite intolerable, fake lightheartedness and its  lacking in human warmth. The iceberg, when it came at the end of this  historically moronic, movie was a blessed relief. One star for the fact  that it ended.
B00000I01A|5.0|There are some great movies out there, but they are all horrible compared  to the 5 Rocky's.  Determination and courage carried one man to the top.   After he thought of giving up, he thought of reason to stay.  And the  movies wouldn't have near as good without the inspirational music by  various artists.  I recommend the movies and the soundtracks to everyone  who reads this.  This music is inspiring and may help you.  Rocky overcame  the overwhelming odds and so can you.
B00002Z88D|2.0|This is more like classical,its just so annoying,violins??on a heavy metal  album,i mean come on.The only good thing i can see about this album is  master of puppets,with the guitars amplified a thousand fold,its  awesome.but other then that its just awlful. I know there's a lot of people  out there who love this album(my friend for instance,but he's just  weird)and maybe someday if i listen to it enough i will aswell.but i doubt  it.If you dont have any metallica albums,i suggest you buy,self titled,or  master of puppets.but stay well clear of this.
0792839749|1.0|I should have read the reviews first.  I did not notice that it was NOT a letterboxed edition.  Why go to all the trouble of restoring the sound and  picture and then cutting a third of it out.  This is an enjoyable and fun  film for the whole family, but what a waste of a DVD.
0140067477|5.0|As a lover of the Winnie the Pooh stories, I was intrigued by the idea of  using the characters to teach Taoism, something that may be a little  difficult for people who have never heard of it to understand at first. A  friend loaned me the book, and I had to buy a copy of it for myself later!  Besides teaching Taoism, the reader begins to see how the beloved  characters reflect who we are. Suddenly, Christopher Robin seems to be wise  indeed to have chosen such wonderful friends. In my house, we have already  determined that I am a Pooh (although with a strange Tigger streak at  times) and my husband is definitely Eeyore. Any adult who has ever lost him  or herself in the Hundred Acre Wood and not wanted to come back should read  this book.
0345350499|5.0|This is an amazing book. Most other books on Arthurian Legend focus on the  males, christianity, and have you loving Gwenythvar and Lancelot and hating  Morgaine. This is MUCH different because you will mostly fall in love with  Morgaine if you read this book. Yes, it is long, but I feel that it is well  worth it. It gives the reader a whole different prespective of Camelot and  life.
B000023VR6|3.0|<br />I'ma be real on this review. Dr. Dre as a producer, he excells, as a  rap artist, he's average, but he's horrible a person. The album was decent.  Although, u have to let most of the tracks grow on you. Songs like, Forget  About Dre, What's the Difference?, and The Watcher, i enjoyed.      <br />The  thing that really brought this album down was his constant reference to how  people are dissing him. He makes lies about why people disrespect him. The  reason is because he did not testify for Snoop when he was on trial. Snoop  brought Dre up, when he was getting dissed by tons of people. And Dre can't  afford to help his rescuer in his time of need.    <br />Dre needs to stop  rapping about he's the one suffering, and how he's the one that deserves  homeage. Dre produced about 5 albums in his about 20 years in music. Where  as, 2pac released 9 albums, and has over 1000 songs total, and was only in  the music industry for 4 years, excluding the time in jail.    <br />Overall,  this cd is not worh buying, it has some decent tracks, but just doesn't  compare to other albums like, All Eyez On Me, or Snoop.
B00000IPAX|5.0|THIS CD IS ONE OF THE BEST CD I HAVE EVER HEARD! THEIR 3 BEST SONGS ARE  &quot;WHAT'S MY AGE AGAIN&quot;, &quot;ADAM'S SONG&quot;,AND &quot;ALL THE  SMALL THINGS&quot;!!!!! THE REST OF THE SONGS ARE ALL STILL GREAT!! I WOULD  RECOMMEND THIS FOR ANY PARTY!! I COULD LISTEN TO THIS CD FOR HOURS!!! I  LOVE THIS CD!!!!
B00004TEWP|5.0|Like someone else had written, I didn't care at all for the US release of this CD.<br />When I found out that the Australian release had 3 bonus tracks,  including a remake of &quot;You Got It All&quot;, I had to get it.  And I  wasn't disappointed.  The extra $$ was definitely worth it.<br />&quot;Girl in  the Mirror&quot; is a good ballad, different from her earlier  material.<br />&quot;You Got It All&quot; has definitely got it.  I can't  believe this wasn't in the US release.  Britney shows off her vocal range  and even hits high notes on one verse!  The combination of Britney +  &quot;You Got It All&quot; = success!<br />And &quot;Heart&quot; was one of my  favorites on the album.  Especially when she sings the line:<br />&quot;Give  it time, help me through, Heart, we can do this together...&quot;<br />It  sends chills up my spine when I feel the emotion she puts into this song.   She really makes it her own, and puts deep feeling into it.  It also makes  a perfect tie-in to the final song on the album (also on the US release):  &quot;Dear Diary.&quot;
B00003CXGG|5.0|It's a hip movie, with great F/X, but I think Jet Li should have been in more fights. And it's actually got a decent story.
0446607274|4.0|Angels Flight is not as good as Void Moon, but it is still a great crime novel. Connelly is your better-than-average crime/suspense novelist and he  doesn't disappoint with Angels Flight. <br />Harry Bosch is great &amp; the  story basically is about the murder of 2 people, one being a high-profile  lawyer. It is better than just your average 'whodunit' as it is still  political enough to be interesting and still clever enough to keep you  guessing throughout the book, with enough twists to make it  believable.<br />After a few crappy crime/suspense novels that I have read in  the last couple of days, Connelly was just the ticket to get me back into  great ones again &amp; I have just ordered all his books!
078324228X|5.0|I bought the books after watching this movie. Before I watched it I thought it might have been average. But the Directing was great, the drama  and story was also great, the music was great. But the greatest thing about  this is the wonderful acting job buy Washington. I really thought he was  the Hurricane. I is my favorite drama of all time.
0767903854|4.0|Bill Bryson is a very funny travel writer and he takes you to the   most  out of the way places, and into situations that are comical and real.  Another great travel writer who transports you to a  foreign country into  the life of the people is Alan Epstein, whose most recent book &quot;As the  Romans Do: The Delights, Dramas and Daily Diversions of Life in the Eternal  City&quot; is a real gem .  Somehow I can imagine myself enjoying the  situations Epstein describes more easily than the ones Bryson gets into,  although they are both witty, &amp; culturally and historically  fascinating.  Either way, if you are an armchair traveler you will not be  disappointed, it just depends on whether you want to go to  Australia or  Italy. <br />By the way I gave &quot;As the Romans Do&quot; five stars.  Not  to be missed.
0784010501|4.0|Unless you're a true Madonna fan, you may not have the patience to sit through this documentary of her life on the Blonde Ambition concert tour.   But if you're interested in what it's like to be one of the biggest female  pop artists on tour, you may want to rent this film.<br />The majority of the  film is in black and white, while the concerts were shot in color.  The  title of the film is taken from a scene of &quot;truth or dare&quot; that  Madonna plays with her entourage of dancers and backup singers in which she  reveals a very personal feeling of hers that she originally refused to  allow in the film.  The director said that Madonna would have to kill him  in order to cut that one scene... so the scene was left in.<br />I found it  interesting to see what happens the moment Madonna steps off stage--what  goes on between shows or even songs.  When technical problems occur during  the show, she makes it known (in a not-so-subtle way) to her technical  directors.<br />You get a glimpse of what kind of relationships Madonna leads  and the roles that she plays in them.  You meet her dad and brother, and  see what sort of relationship they have as a family.  For the most part,  however, her tour family is made up of her dancers and backup  singers.<br />You probably haven't seen this side of Madonna before, and you  probably never will again.  It's just a brief slice of her life.
0671578855|5.0|Picks up steam after a somewhat slow start, then you can't stop. I was a  bit concerned about the &quot;romance&quot; bit, but this is no sappy  tearjerker. (Miles Vorkisogan and Ekaterin Vorsoisson have their feet too  close to the ground for that.) Perhaps the most humorous of the series: the  scene where Viceroy and -reine Vorkosigan return to the mansion to find  [no, I won't give this away] is pure slapstick, as is a scene where Ivan  meets a former (voluptuous female) lover who returns after a gender change  operation. And there are enough other sub-plots to keep you entertained.   If you own part or all of Bujold's books, you'll certainly want to buy this  one. For a first read, I would rather recommend &quot;Cordelia's  honor&quot; (a joint reissue of the first two books) or the awesome  &quot;Mirror Dance&quot;. Yet I can't bring myself to give out less than  five stars.
B00004T8RK|5.0|i'm weird when i comes to music.  i don't listen to each note, but i also  don't worship mtv and casey's top 40.  i listen to what i like and after 3  listens to binaural, i'll guarantee you'll like it as well
B00004SCX6|2.0|SHE DID DO IT AGAIN!  How she managed to, after the first release is  beyond me.  &quot;Oops!&quot; slips with the artist's very limited vocals  and extremely weak lyrics.  But, I suppose, she is perfect for the little  girls who drool at Spear's every &quot;note,&quot; outfit and dance  &quot;step.&quot;
0684874350|5.0|As part of our summer vacation, my girlfriend and I decided to pick out a  book the other had to read.  Cathy's selction for me was Angela's Ashes.  A  truly inspiring read that takes you back to old school Ireland and lets you  experience the world through the eyes of a poor young boy, Frank McCourt.   His 'youthful' yet witty language made it a joy to read.  Throughout the  story, Frankie reveals the daily strugles of living with a drunken farther,  in deplorable living conditions, with little money for clothes or fun.  And  through it all he still manages to make you laugh with stories of his  youth.<br />It the kind of book that you hate to finish and it's sure to make  you hungry for more.
B00003OSSM|1.0|A movie so bad that even Gene Siskel had to reach out from beyond the grave to give a two thumbs down. I first saw it  on HBO and quickly wrote  them a note saying it was the first time I'd wish they had commercials. My  favorite part is a line that Kristen Scott Thomas says about an hour and a  half into the movie. She says &quot;I've found it&quot; - I was praying it  was the plot but no such luck. The best part of this movie is clearly the  end - but that I mean the credits - you finally know this regrettable show  is finally over. If you are unfortunate enough to see this movie, in the  last two hours and fifteen minutes of your life whisper &quot;Random  Hearts&quot; to those around you - you'll beg for this time back. I'd  suggest if you interested in seeing something more exciting try watching  paint dry. <br />Amazon is too kind allowing a 1 star minimum - If this movie  is anything celestial it would have to be &quot;space junk&quot;.
B00001NFCY|2.0|this album was very dissapointing... i bought it think it was gonna be as  good as the first... i was VERY wrong. this album was below scum.i didn't  even get past thie 5th song... there is only 1 good song... &quot;what  if&quot;. i will be forever mad at myself for buy this &quot;less than an  album&quot;......... trust me.. it stinks!
B000009QPO|4.0|My first impression of Hollywood Town Hall was \\"Well, that was nice.\\" Then I set the album aside. Some things get better with age. Over the years I've  played it frequent, each time discovering something fresh. What impresses  me most is that Hollywood Town Hall sounds both effortless and balanced.  Instead of getting together a saying \\"Hey, let's do a country album\\" or  \\"Let's do a rock album,\\" these guys just got together and did what came  natural. And natural means skillful songwriting, masterful playing and  savory harmonies. The vocal harmonies remind me of a cross between the  Everly Brothers and the country duo the O'Kanes: neither country, not  hillbilly, nor rock, but certainly earnest.<br />The CD glistens with an  uncommon balance. The fuzz guitars (Waiting For The Sun, Take Me With You  When You Go), screaming guitars (Wichita) and melodic bass guitar are  blended into an ear-catching, but soothing mix of folk, country and rock.  Gary Louris' fingering technique is clever: he makes an electric guitar  sound like a pedal-steel (Two Angels). Through and through, Nicky Hopkins  (Rolling Stones) provides the tasteful and understated keyboard work. The  group and the album defy categorization. At low to moderate listening  levels, the album is calm and peaceful. Turn-up the volume and Hollywood  Town Hall rocks. I don't know what to call it except glorious.
0812589041|5.0|For me, most science fiction takes itself way too seriously. I don't like  books that require a glossary. Ender's Game isn't about the wonderful  inventions the author imagines will happen, or the alien blasting battles.  Both inventions and battles are present, and plentiful, but the story is  really just about a boy.<br />Andrew Wiggins, or Ender, as he calls himself,  is a genius in a family of geniuses. There is a great war coming, and the  world government needs a genius to lead the battle. He is chosen and pulled  from school to be enrolled in Battle School, with the expectations of the  entire world on his shoulders. He is six.<br />The story follows Ender through  training as he learns how to fight, then teaches his classmates how to  think. Ender is a caring, empathetic child, but before he even reaches  Battle School he is separated from his peers and forced to fight to defend  himself. The battle scenes are well written, but the most fascinating part  is watching Ender grow into a leader, while understanding that what he  wants most is to be accepted as part of the group. <br />Without giving away  anything, the resolution of the story is inspired, and I look forward to  reading the sequel, Speaker for the Dead.
B00004WLXZ|5.0|What could top Triumph Of The Will, the greatest propaganda film ever made?  Seeing in the &quot;Amazon&quot; listing that it &quot;stars&quot;  Adolph Hitler!  Mel Brooks must be laughing out loud.
6304178352|5.0|This is a splendid example of a splendid movie. &quot;My Fair Lady&quot; gives richly to its audience through its gorgeous sets and costumes,  vibrant and exhilirating music, crisp and memorable performances, and  perfectly stylized direction. Stylized enough to win the picture a rare  eight Academy Awards including 1964's Best Actor, Best Director, and the  coveted Best Picture. George Cukor directs the prodution with a trademark  flourish and wit that makes it an even greater pleasure to watch. Professor  Henry Higgins (Rex Harrison, in his Oscar-winning role) meets up with a  Cockney flower girl, Eliza Doolittle (a perfectly endearing and charming  Audrey Hepburn). Higgins makes a bet with his friend Colonel Pickering  (Wilfrid Hyde-White) that within six months he could pass the grubby  Cockney off as a duchess at the Embassy Ball. Eliza cannot resist Higgins'  offer, and he tutors her in the proper manner of society and speech. There  are some genuinely great scenes with Hepburn and Harrison during several  unorthodox speech exercises, which are very witty. The golden songs are  spectacular and still popular today, such as &quot;Wouldn't It Be  Loverly?&quot; and &quot;The Rain In Spain&quot; and &quot;I Could Have  Danced All Night&quot; among them. And the film is absolutely a motherlode  of beautiful scenes: Hepburn and her Cockney friends dancing to  &quot;Loverly&quot;, Hepburn, Harrison, and Hyde-White's joyous rendition  of &quot;Rain in Spain&quot;, the Ascot scene featuring a perfectly  delicious Hepburn, the Embassy Ball scene where Hepburn is believed to be a  foreign princess, and the unbearably romantic final scene between Hepburn  and Harrison are worth every cent. Every scene is beautifully painted in  glorious Technicolor, adding only another splash to this elegant spectacle.  &quot;My Fair Lady&quot; is a timeless entertainment, a film that should be  seen at least once... and I guarantee you that if you do see it once, it  won't be enough!
B000003AEB|5.0|One question? Why in the world did Snoop have to join No Limit? In a flash, the expectations, the hopes, the image that Snoop Doggy Dogg had was  shattered. He had joined a label that did not suit him, that did not  deserve to be classified as rap. Even for me, a person who doesn't really  like gangsta/commercial rap and would much rather listen to some Wu, it was  a nightmare come true. Anyhow, enough of the gripin' and on to  &quot;Doggystyle&quot;. What can be said that hasn't been said about this  album. It is only the album that made Snoop a legend in the realm of rap,  certified Dr. Dre as an amazing producer and businessman. It isn't much  that it was Snoop's intellectualness, or lack thereof, but it was the image  he portrayed, using that laid back, smoothed voice that complimented Dre's  already great production perfectly. Snoop came through and instead of just  saying he was &quot;this&quot; and &quot;that&quot;, he made you believe it  through his words and Dre's gangstified beats only helped implant that  image in your head; the image that whenever you'd see Snoop, you feel like  he was there, and like in the video, he'd run away from other woman's  parents, cops, and eventually turn into a dog himself. Almost every song on  the album could be a single. Of course everyone knows the statistics;  &quot;Murder was the Case&quot;, &quot;Ain't No Fun&quot;, &quot;Tha  Shiznit&quot;, &quot;Lodi Dodi&quot;, &quot;What's My Name?&quot;,  &quot;Doggy Dogg World&quot;, &quot;Gin and Juice&quot;. All these, of  course, are the highlights, and just sayin' them here isn't enough. There  are only a few albums that can be declared classics, and fortunately for  Snoop, he can say that when he was wit' Dre, he was on top of the world  with a classic album of his own.
B000002MG1|5.0|After stumbling with the smarmy, overly-ambitious &quot;Out of Time&quot;,  R.E.M. staged a mind-blowing return to form with AUTOMATIC. The cliched  words &quot;Hey, kids, rock and roll&quot; that open the album take on a  fragile-but-sinister new meaning when whisper-sung by Michael Stipe, and  that emotional ambiguity carries the album. Two of the most beautiful songs  written by ANYONE reside on this album in the form of  &quot;Nightswimming&quot; and &quot;Sweetness Follows&quot;. Rollicking,  politically-charged folk songs like &quot;Monty Got A Raw Deal&quot; and  &quot;Ignoreland&quot; sit at the other end of the R.E.M. spectrum, and  what lies between, from the Southern Gothic charmer &quot;Try Not To  Breathe&quot; to the subtly R-rated &quot;Star Me Kitten&quot;, flesh out  what is probably the group's strongest top-to-bottom recording. AUTOMATIC  FOR THE PEOPLE undoubtedly earns a spot in the top five albums of the 90's.
6300185729|1.0|If you're an insomniac.........I've found the cure!
044022165X|4.0|This was a very good book in my opinion. It didn't get 5 stars, but to me  only few do. At some points, I couldn't out the book down, though it took  around 50 pages to get into it (50 pages isn't a tenth of the book, as it  is very long, but eventually that turns to be a good thing). There were  some very entertaining parts, but I don't want to name them, because the  could ruin any surprise. Anyway, if you like John Grisham books, or  legal/courtroom books, this is an excellant choice.
B00003CWLF|5.0|This movie though did not made a hit in the US box office, but in February 2000, it already broke US100 millions in world wide box office, it was well  received by the rest of the world.  I had a reveiw written earlier at this  section.  Now I would like to add that after I went to see the actual film  location in ClearWater Santuarty in Ipoh, Malaysia.  That was the location  which the filming went on for 2 months in the world largest single movie  set.  It was great to see that actual set with so much effort put into the  set. Even with some of the thing is falling apart but the set gave you  breath-taking impression, it was so great, just like the movie itself. <br />I  went to the set 3 times with my students, friends and relatives and they  all love it, luckily the set now is on the process of restoration. Yet the  palace temple set was gone due to technical problem, so we could only see  it from the movie.  <br />I had bought the original VCD of this movie, it was  so excellent!  You get to see the detail to the sets and gestures of all  the actors and actresses.  From the VCD collection, you can clearly see the  chemistry between Jodie Foster and Chow Yun-Fat, you have to watch  carefully because they acted so naturally that you might missed the small  gestures they made. They and all the supporting actors and actresses from  Malaysia looked great together.<br />Last Dec., the current Thai Queen had  officially made statesment that she had no objection to this movie only two  parts needed minor editing, a contrast to the Thai government officers. The  King newphew was surprised that this movie even bowed down to made the King  Mongkut as a hero, he knew that no Thai officers dare to step forward to  clarigy this.  I had the original production script which shown that after  the 5th editing in Thailand, they further edited at least 3 times of this  script which clearly giving more depth to this movie.  As a Malaysian with  a grandmother from Thailand, I foundthis movie had a good social and  cultural content.  I am looking forward to collect the DVD version.
B0000013G9|3.0|THIS CD IS TLC 2ND ALBUM.TLC HAS ALWAYS BEEN MATURE EVEN SINCE THE DEBUT  ALBUM.THIS CD HAS &quot;CREEP&quot; A GREAT SONG,AND &quot;DIGGING ON  YOU&quot; ARE THE ONLY TO GOOD TRACKS ON HERE.AND THE ONE'S A NOT THAT  GREAT.
0812589041|5.0|There is a reason that this book has 1000 plus positive reviews. It is simply a good read.  Anyone who has experienced childhood and puberty can  identify with this novel.  It evokes memories of struggles and conquests  while stirring emotions by posing questions of ethics and moral dilemma.  It does all this without weighing down the story, in fact it helps increase  the tension that is only released at the very last moment in a smashing  conclusion. There is something special for everyone that reads this novel.  Buy it, read it, share it.
6304401736|3.0|not bad, this movie is definitely better than the jungle book(94) it some great moments like the bicycle ride and the escape and of cruella is the  star of the movie but I think this movei has too much comedy too compete  with the original, like the score and the new version of &quot;Cruella De  Vil&quot;.<br />(102 dalmatians coming this fall! woof,woof!)
B00000I0XW|5.0|This was my favorite Brightman album.  That was until La Luna!
B00004T9UF|5.0|This album is a great play from beginning to end.  Eminem is a great  lyricist.
0790749815|5.0|North by Northwest and Vertigo are tied as my all time favorite movies.  Vertigo is more emotionally moving, while NxNW is simply more fun.  This is the perfect film to show certain members of the younger generation who think the art of movie making began with Star Wars or The Matrix.  Those who have seen it know this film  reaches as close to the pinnacle of perfection as any film ever has - or  probably ever will.  Screenplay, acting, cinematography, score,  editing--they cannot be improved upon.  (The only exception to this is some  of the optical effects during the Mount Rushmore sequence.  Astonishing for 1959, they look rather dated today.)<br /><br />Warner Brothers, which owns the  rights to this MGM film, is to be commended for the excellent care they have taken with the restoration.  Colors - especially flesh tones - are  deeper and richer without looking \\"colorized.\\"  The image is crisp, the print clean and dazzlingly free of artifacts.  The sound (the  original release was in mono) has been rechanneled for Dolby 5.1, but the  restoration team has shown enough restraint not to create extraneous aural effects for their own sake.<br /><br />As for the extras, the documentary hosted by the timeless Eva Maria Saint is an insightful and entertaining look at the making of the film.  There are two audio supplements:  a running commentary by Ernest Lehman which occasionally sags (one wonders why Saint and Martin Landau did not participate); the music only audio track  featuring Bernard Herrmann's superb score is a dazzling demonstration of  the importance of film scoring - you can watch this track and understand the film just as well as with the dialogue.  There is also an assortment of trailers, including an amusing one with Hitchcock, and a production still gallery.<br /><br />This is a must for every DVD collection!<br /><br />UPDATE, June, 2010:<br /><br />The above review is for the DVD.  In the years since it was written, my admiration for North by Northwest has only increased, and I have since acquired NxNW on Blu-ray.  I recommend the Blu-ray version for several reasons.<br /><br />The image quality has been further improved, to the extent that occasional blemishes can be seen on Cary Grant's face.  (Grant had a perpetually tan skin color - which may be why some have claimed the DVD was badly \\"color corrected\\" - but was in fact caused by spending many hours outdoors.)  Surprisingly, the increased clarity of Blu-ray actually improves the visual effects experience - they look better at high definition.<br /><br />The sound mix is similar to the DVD: improved over the original film's mono track, but not overdone.  More alternate languages are provided than in the DVD, including Italian and German.<br /><br />In addition to the screenwriter commentary, isolated score, trailers, and Destination: Hitchcock featurette from the original DVD, the Blu-ray offers The Master's Touch, a one hour retrospective on Hitchcock, a 90 minute bio of Gary Grant, and a 25 minute North by Northwest piece featuring several modern filmmakers' thoughts on the film.<br /><br />Not least, the Blu-ray comes in a mini-book presentation.acquired NxNW on Blu-ray.  I recommend the Blu-ray version for several reasons.      The image quality has been further improved, to the extent that occasional blemishes can be seen on Cary Grant's face.  (Grant had a perpetually tan skin color - which may be why some have claimed the DVD was badly \\"color corrected\\" - but was in fact caused by spending many hours outdoors.)  Surprisingly, the increased clarity of Blu-ray actually improves the visual effects experience - they look better at high definition.      The sound mix is similar to the DVD: improved over the original film's mono track, but not overdone.  More alternate languages are provided than in the DVD, including Italian and German.      In addition to the screenwriter commentary, isolated score, trailers, and Destination: Hitchcock featurette from the original DVD, the Blu-ray offers The Master's Touch, a one hour retrospective on Hitchcock, a 90 minute bio of Gary Grant, and a 25 minute North by Northwest piece featuring several modern filmmakers' thoughts on the film.      Not least, the Blu-ray comes in a mini-book presentation.
B00000JPH6|5.0|Those who haven't seen The Dark Crystal have been missing out on what may be the greatest live-action fantasy film of all time (or at least the  '80s). A completely alien world is presented as vivid, believable reality  via the deceptively &quot;simple&quot; technique of puppeteering. The  result is very unlike a Muppet film as some might expect, much more like  something truly out of this world; it is a storybook brought to life. The  tale is simple and enjoyable enough for children, but deep and layered  enough for adults as well.<br />Fans of the movie should own this DVD not just  for the exceptional crispness of the picture and the virtues of the  ultra-widescreen format (2.35:1) but for the bonus materials. In particular  the documentary explaining the production process gave me a whole new  appreciation for the difficulty of making this film, and the incredible  artistry and talent that was poured into it. The complexity of getting  everything to work just right seems to have given the piece a strong sense  of unity; the creature effects don't fight the plot nor do the characters  fail to convey emotion in ways ordinary actors might. Because the technical  challenges of working entirely with puppets have been somewhat scrapped in  favor of CGI over the last decade, I think we're unlikely ever to see  another movie like it--more's the pity.<br />If you liked the movie on VHS,  buy the DVD. If you just like fantasy and would like to see a worthy film  in the genre, buy the DVD. If you're a fan of the late Jim Henson's work  and want to see something different from his other stuff, buy this DVD.  This one is worth every penny.
B00004TJTQ|5.0|My Dog Skip was an incredible movie; easily the best I've seen all year.  This film was more than just a boy and a dog story tho; it's a lesson about  life.  Frankie Muniz was perfect as Willie Morris---he exudes boyhood  innocence like none other.  You can tell they filmed this some time ago;  he's a lot taller in the later episodes of Malcolm in the Middle.  Kevin  Bacon gets a high five also; he was great as the overprotective father.A  word of warning to younger children---the ending is very emotional.  When  Frankie was crying over the possible loss of Skip, my own eyes watered up  big time.
0792844793|2.0|Blue Velvet would be an interesting movie if it wasn't so confusing. As I watched it, I couldn't figure out what was going on. The whole plot itself  was a little weak, but the performances of Isabella Rossellini, Dennis  Hopper, and Laura Dern were great. Maybe it's just one of those movies that  you either love or you hate.
B0000024JN|5.0|This CD is the best CD. If you think the Beastie Boys are bad the you're a  loser. The Beastie Boys are the best and you should buy their  CDs!!!!!!!!!!!
B00004TL21|5.0|Before this album came out, i heard an interview with the Deftones about  their new album. They said that they had lost all of thier teenage rage and  were much more easy going on this album. So at first i was skeptic to buy  it. However i am glad i did. After the first song, i was excited! As the cd  played i did notice much more light stuff. I also heard what is perhaps  their hardest song ever....&quot;Elite.&quot; This album has it all, even a  song with Maynard James Keenan from Tool. (and A Perfect Circle) That guy  by far has the coolest voice of any vocalist i can think of. Anyhow, get  this album, you wont regret it!
6305291489|5.0|People are outraged that I like the '98 version of THE PARENT TRAP better than the original. Let me briefly explain why:       1) It's more palatable to modern-day standards         (no child slapping, for example)      2) There are  less sub-standard characters in the remake      (the  grandmother was taken out among others)     3) Lindsay  Lohan. You can say what you will about Hayley Mils, but unfortunately  Hayley was playing 2 sisters from different parts of the US, and her  English accent kept bleeding through. Lindsay did an astonishing job not  only playing 2 characters, but playing an American AND English (W/accent  INTACT), and then playing these sisters pretending to be each other  (sort've pulling a Hayley Mills while she was Annie trying to be Hallie and  slipping up!) And it IS a very engaging film! When I first saw the remake,  I DID weep during the scene where the sisters discover their parents and  their situation..   Somebody made the suggestion &quot;Don't  rent it, buy it! &quot; I say &quot;Don't buy it , take up STOCK in it!  You'll want to own the RIGHTS to this movie!&quot; It's that good!
B00001NFCY|3.0|These guys sound just a bit too much like Pearl Jam and some others...
0385491026|5.0|I've read Cat's Eye four times.  Each time, I find the words Ms. Atwood  uses and the way she weaves them together a delicious feast.  It is rather  like being served a many-coursed meal with each tantalizing dish more  exquiste than the last. There is also a certain &quot;feeling&quot; I  always carry from the story, a feeling that can only be appreciated fully  in the mature years of one's womanhood looking back on one's girlhood  &quot;friendships.&quot;  I love it too, perhaps, because I know that  Margaret Atwood doesn't care if I, as a reader liked it, so much as she as  a writer, had to write it.  It's my favorite Atwood to date and I've read  'em all.
B00000JGOH|5.0|Hollywood dearly loves this movie, because this is a movie *about* Hollywood, albeit an 18th century Hollywood. Like &quot;Titanic&quot;,  &quot;Shakespeare in Love&quot; drops 21st century characters and culture  into a historical setting. Unlike &quot;Titanic&quot;,  &quot;Shakespeare&quot; does so self-consciously and to great comedic  effect (having the Bard himself seek treatment from a shrink for writers'  block was a delicious bit of satire). <br />The fact that Hollywood loves this  movie should not discourage the rest of us in flyover country. The script  is brilliantly funny, and every member of the cast plays his or her part to  a &quot;T&quot;. The script even manages to convey a strong sense of  forgiveness, honor, and duty -- attributes sorely lacking in most of  Hollywood's output.
B00003CXFG|5.0|When I first saw the making of Pitch Black, I wondered if it would be a film just trying to cash in on hollywood, I  thought it would be a rip off  of the film starship troopers. Watching the film overall is something  completely different. Get ready for a tour deforce, this is si-fi at it's  best, the action is good, but the story itself is what makes this film work  so well on the big screen. I put this film on a par with alien, for true  si-fi film making, the sound is good, the picture is exellent. With dts it  will chill the socks off you. The title lives upto it's name  &quot;PITCHBLACK&quot; as half of the film is in darkness, with weired  noises from those creatures gives a chilling feeling running down your  spine! go get the dvd as soon as it is available. Worth more than a five  star review. Don't think that this is another big bucks hollywood movie,  cause it realy is'nt, in fact half the cast is non american, with a couple  of unknown actors, only the main character and keith david playing a muslim  type character you will probably recognise. there will be most certainly a  second movie in the making.
1558807381|5.0|Ok to clear up the fact that this movie does not contain a devil, that big guy with the horns?  well that's Darkness or Big D, lol. He does pray to  MotherNight and his Father. <br />Absolutely, my favorite movie. Everytime I  watch it (and I've seen it over a hundred times) I always discover  something new about the movie. Tis a wonderful movie when it comes to  visual stimulance! Definitely one to watch with a group of friends.
B00003CXFG|5.0|When I first saw the making of Pitch Black, I wondered if it would be a film just trying to cash in on hollywood, I  thought it would be a rip off  of the film starship troopers. Watching the film overall is something  completely different. Get ready for a tour deforce, this is si-fi at it's  best, the action is good, but the story itself is what makes this film work  so well on the big screen. I put this film on a par with alien, for true  si-fi film making, the sound is good, the picture is exellent. With dts it  will chill the socks off you. The title lives upto it's name  &quot;PITCHBLACK&quot; as half of the film is in darkness, with weired  noises from those creatures gives a chilling feeling running down your  spine! go get the dvd as soon as it is available. Worth more than a five  star review. Don't think that this is another big bucks hollywood movie,  cause it realy is'nt, in fact half the cast is non american, with a couple  of unknown actors, only the main character and keith david playing a muslim  type character you will probably recognise. there will be most certainly a  second movie in the making.
630575067X|2.0|There are over one thousand reviews here, so I will weigh in briefly with these points:<br />A)  These environmental special effects are great for a  meditative interactive experience like the computer game Myst, but they are  overdone and confectionary here. <br />B) Some of the effects are carelessly  done and therefore distracting. The droid battle sequence appears as if an  SGI film sequencer had merely clicked his mouse (or whatever they use) 600  times to duplicate for an army the action sequence painstakingly created  for one battle droid.<br />C) The range of intriguing physical specimens of  this universe laid out for us in the original Star Wars' cantina has been  expanded by legions of cartoony mush-headed creatures  that render  pointless Lucas' attention to species nomenclature. <br />D) It is indeed  difficult to find child actors to fill roles that demand gravity and  dramatic range. For the role of Anakin Skywalker, Lucas needed to search  more carefully. <br />E) Of the gravity that Anakin should have had, the other  actors had an excess.  In fact, at no time in my recollection did any of  the characters have any dialogue that was incidental to the tense, rigid  plot line, as did Han Solo with just about everyone in the original.  <br />Word is, Lucas is even more committed to special effects for Episode II  than he was for this one. You wonder why he doesn't just do a &quot;Toy  Story&quot;-type animated film. If G.Lucas doesn't want to run this thing  completely into the ground, he would do well to listen, if not to the  faceless,clamoring public, then to a trusted friend, one with no vested  interest in his success, who might share some of those public opinions.
B0000009SM|5.0|In 1971? I was priviledged to hear this group of musicians in a small club in San Raphael, CA. They were using Pink Floyds true quad sound system.  George Duke, Flo &amp; Eddie, the Underwoods, etc.  The only other time I  ever heard such a collection of virtuoso performances was with Miles Davis'  &quot;Bitches Brew&quot; band.<br />Really, I can't say enough. I miss the man  and I miss his music. He was an articulate and compassionate person with an  unusual brain. Too bad he didn't get to run for president. I would have  voted for him.
B000002C25|5.0|i had heard that this cd wansn't supposed to be very good so i decided to  get it from my local library. I thought it was very well made and was their  best albulm.( Yes I liked better than even &quot;mornig glory.&quot;) I did  buy the cd and recomend it to any oasis fan.
B000002MP2|4.0|These guys were basically the start of the mainstream pop-punk era-and  they do a damn good job at what they do. With songs like  &quot;Burnout&quot;,&quot;Welcome To Paradise&quot;, and  &quot;Longview&quot;, they really can turn out charged up songs. A definite  keeper album, no matter what year it came out.
B000002LND|5.0|The Immaculate Collection is a collection of many of Madonna's hits from  the 80's. The collection is a great retrospective to the 80s because she  was such a vital part to the 80s and to the direction music took as a  result of her music. In 1982 she debuted with Burning Up (which is not on  this collection). Her straightforwardness shocked people, and her image  made her different and made people think. This album is a chronology of  this time period.<br />It contains 17 tracks, 15 hits, and 2 new songs. The  songs include Holiday, Lucky Star, Borderline (all from the first album),  Like A Virgin, Material Girl (From Like A Virgin album), Crazy For You  (from the Vision Quest soundtrack), Into the Groove. As well True Blue hits  such as Live To Tell, Papa Don't Preach, Open Your Heart, La Isla Bonita.  Like A Prayer hits such as the title track, Express Yourself, Cherish. And  from Im Breathless the song Vogue.<br />The two new tracks are simply  wonderful. Justify My Love was a song written by Lenny Kravitz. The video  was banned from music stations for its content, but this is one of her best  songs. The other new track Rescue Me is another winner too.<br />Madonna has  made a huge impact on music, and remains to this day to continue to do  that. She may be shocking, but she makes us think, she teaches us, opens  our minds. THis album is a must for lovers of her music, or anyone who  appreciates good music
6304508611|5.0|the acting is so great in this movie i couldnt believe it.all of Stephen King's movies usually scare me except this one.but i heard yesterday that  Stephen King didnt really write this or something.The mom was kinda scary  but thats about it.that doesnt mean i didnt enjoy this video.if you liked  welcome to the dollhouse and movies like that then this movie is for you
068485743X|5.0|Noah Lukeman seems to know what he's talking about. And he can write, a  skill not demonstrated sufficiently in some books on writing. He is a  literary agent, one who has represented some high-profile writers. Dealing,  as he has, with editors at big publishing houses, he must have some insight  into what they want to see in a manuscript.<br />The best time to get into  &quot;The First Five Pages&quot; is when you have a work in progress. Only  then can you apply his advice in a practical way. Of course, this applies  to any book on writing. You can't collect advice about writing on your  mental hard drive for later retrieval.<br />Lukeman introduces his book  thusly: &quot;There are no rules to assure great writing, but there are  ways to avoid bad writing... By scrutinizing the following examples of what  NOT to do, you will learn to spot those ailments in your own writing; by  working with the solutions and exercises, you can, over time, bridge the  gap and come to a realization of what TO do.&quot;<br />He also says,  importantly, &quot;By its end, you'll come to see why this book should not  have been titled &quot;The First Five Pages&quot; but &quot;The First Five  Sentences&quot;. This comment gave great weight to advice (a demand,  actually) from another writer that I move a scene from paragraph three to  paragraph one. The impact was dramatic.<br />Elements of this book can be  applied from first page to last, for he covers much of the waterfront on  writing for publication. Also, there is advice on contacting agents and  publishers, many nitty little details of what should and should not be  found in a manuscript.<br />Sure, Lukeman covers much of the same ground found  in other good books on writing. But he presents it in his own style, giving  it a refreshing perspective.<br />A worthwhile book, this is. Mine is studded  with Post-It Notes, profusely underlined. It is right here on my desk,  alongside &quot;Stein on Writing&quot; and a very few others.When I  recently &quot;finished&quot; a story, I read this book again and some  triggers clicked, inspiring me to make a few changes.<br />Now the question  is: Who is going to read even the first five pages?
B000002J23|4.0|At the time of its release, nobody but NOBODY had a decent word for it.  Prog rock foes couldn't stand it (how surprising). Even faithful Yes fans  didn't much like it--Anderson and Wakeman weren't on it. To top it all off,  Wakeman himself dissed it until a few years ago, when he unbent a bit to  say it was an important transitional step from the Yes he was involved with  to the Trevor Rabin Yes of the 80s/ 90s (talk about damning with faint  praise). The truth was that Buggles frontmen Trevor Horn and Geoff Downes  (vocals and keys) stepped admirably beyond their New Wave roots and proved  what excellent musicians they were on this effort. Right from the first  cut, this album bears witness that it belongs in the Yes discography as  much as any other. &#34;Machine Messiah&#34; with its hammer-on triplet  bass opening--Squire was doing a Chapman Stick imitation on his trusty  Rickenbacker at a time I'm not sure the other instrument had been invented  yet. In &#34;White Car&#34;, Downes was using orchestral sounds on his  keyboards before Wakeman did--Rick at the time was sticking to the Hammond/  Steinway/ Moog/ Mellotron formula. &#34;Does It Really Happen&#34; shone  not only with time changes--4/4 on the verses and 5/8 in the chorus--but  did a fairly decent imitation of Anderson's practice of writing lyrics  using words more for their sound than their meaning. Finally, I don't think  these guys themselves anticipated that &#34;Tempus Fugit&#34; would one  day become an interactive group anthem on the road, with audiences  providing the backup vocals on the &#34;yes-yes&#34; hook in the chorus  section. I don't care who says this isn't a &#34;real Yes  album&#34;--when they put material from it on their &#34;Yesyears&#34;  box set, they only confirmed how I've always felt about it.
0783240503|4.0|My kids have watched Joseph probably 100 times since I purchased it 4 months ago.  Donny Osmond is ageless and wonderful as Joseph. Maybe he's a  good actor :-), but he seemed to be actually enjoying himself, especially  during &quot;Calypso&quot;. Pharaoh was without equal. As a matter of fact,  when my 8 year old heard an Elvis song on the radio, she said he sounded  just like Pharaoh. What a credit. And Maria Friedmann was fine as the  narrator. Some of the higher ranges were a little tricky, but it takes  quite a bit to hit those strongly at a loud volume. Also, as an elementary  music teacher, I've used this video during my musical theater unit. One  alteration I had to make: I had to &quot;black out&quot; the visual during  the Mrs. Potiphar scene. That was a little bit too much, and the only  blight in this otherwise magnificent family treat.
B000002U9E|5.0|&quot;Hounds Of Love&quot; consolidated Kate Bush's commercial and  artistic career in 1985, even giving her a breakthough in the US charts,  and along with her smash debut &quot;Wuthering Heights&quot; is what she is  basically known for.  In between  these two peaks she gave us &quot;Never  For Ever&quot; and especially &quot;The Dreaming&quot;, two artistic peaks  that went in increasingly unusual directions.  The question was not really   whether she could top &quot;The Dreaming&quot; (which was received with  some measure of confusion), but which direction she would go to next.  The  answer was &quot;Hounds Of Love&quot;, a happy convergence of artistic and  commercial concerns.  Side one is full of songs about love, and although  IMO &quot;Running Up That Hill&quot; is overrated (the drum pattern in  particular always turned me off, although its' very &quot;80s&quot;), the  other tracks feature exhilirating choruses and hooks at every turn.   &quot;Mother Stands For Comfort&quot;, with its secretive lyric and weirdo  synth<br />effects, could have been on &quot;The Dreaming&quot;.  The side  closes with &quot;Cloudbusting&quot;, a bittersweet memoir about Wilhelm  Reich's orgone experiments (use the force, Luke!) being taken from him  by  the government, written from a child's point of view (namely, his son).   The second side is a suite, dealing with the choices one has to make in the  crucial life and death decision when  one is drowning, and there is none  better in rock.  After all the chaos of &quot;Waking The Witch&quot;, the  uneasy (but beautifully performed) floating in &quot;Watching You Without  Me&quot;, and the dark charting of destiny in &quot;Jig Of Life&quot;, the  breath of fresh air that is &quot;The Morning Fog&quot; seems especially  prescient.  A must for all.
B00003CWNR|5.0|Okay, the obvious stuff first--The Cider House Rules was the best film of last year.  Relentlessly brilliant, incredibly touching.  Despite  conservative rants, this film IS NOT about abortion, rather the embracing  of life.  Why the DVD?  First, the widescreen gives a sweep that standard  formatting doesn't.  The commentary is compelling, even though director  Lasse Halstrom's accent is occasionally hard to decipher.  Him, along with  author (and screenplay adapter and Oscar winner) John Irving, add great  insight.  Note, the director's commentary is the best feature, and HARDEST  TO FIND on the menu.   They have added the &quot;Television Spots&quot;  which is a strange, repetitive journey only for the major time burner.  Great chapter index--the best I have seen with small boxed scenes so you  know exactly what you're looking for! The featurette is good, but the movie  is what is most importantant. Quality films need something better than VHS,  and The Cider House Rules is a DVD must have!
B00003RQNJ|5.0|At the begining of the movie, Butch (Newman) is told that the beautiful old bank is being modernized because of all the robberies, Butch replies:  &quot;That's a small price to pay for beauty&quot; setting the tone for the  film. In a world where the old west was fading away, Butch Cassisy and the  Sundance Kid were the most wanted outlaws and time was catching up to them  really fast, and there was no room for them in this new modern world. The  performances, dialog, direction and score are all perfect, specially the  chemistry between the two leads.<br />    I once heard a critic say that  &quot;The Wild Bunch&quot; (Another movie about faded out outlaws of the  same year) was better because at the end the characters had gained our  respect; to this i reply, why do Butch and Sundance need our respect when  they have already gained our hearts.
0805062971|5.0|There may have been numerous people who saw this movie, but the dedicated few went the extra mile and read the book that started it all. This book is  an amazing ride through the life of a bored man. I read the book after  seeing the movie, and i could see every shot in my head. This book is  written with so much intensity that it was screaming to be made into a full  lenght feature. The book says so much about what everyone thinks about  society. Where others are afraid to say what is really on their mind,  Palahniuk says them without a hesitation as to what everyone else will  think about them.
B00000HYSN|5.0|The Man In Black's cover of the title track was a thing of beauty.Now hear the original. Where Cash made it a story of a man grappling with infirmity & impeding death, Will Oldham's original is far more disturbing but just as powerful. Here the song is a prophetic warning of an unmentionable darkness the protagonist is helpless to control. As for what that \\"darkness\\" is, well that's for the listener to decide. The end result is mysterious, unsettling & downright moving.<br /><br />Without a doubt, this is \\"Bonny Prince Billy\\" a.ka. \\"Palace\\" a.ka. Will Oldham's finest hour. The erratic, low-fi charms of his earlier works had flashes of brilliance, but there was plenty of self-indulgance to wade through. Here, it all comes together. On first listen, things like \\"A Minor Place\\" & \\"Evil One\\" might come off as downright chipper amidst dirges like \\"Black\\" & \\"Knockturne\\". But given the time of day, there's plenty of word play & humor at work. In other words, you have to go to him---he won't come to you.<br /><br />Granted, Oldahm's vocals aren't everyone's cup of tea. I suppose you could say he's a warbly cross between Neil Young & Leonard Cohen, often struggling to stay on key. If there's anything compelling to be found in that, then Oldham's mastered it. Musically, he lays his songs out there as quiet & bare as possible. In times past, some songs came off as mere sketches. Though perhaps all-too-brief, \\"Raining In Darling\\" is likely to leave you wanting for more.<br /><br />If Oldham were a speed metal freak, \\" Death To Everyone\\" could he a headbanger's anthem, but he slyly keeps the sentiment just above a whisper, making it all the more powerful.<br /><br />Like very early Tom Waits or Nick Drake, Oldham's albums all share the same pervasive after hours mood, a sombre twilight world, that has it's fair share of subtle rewards once you lay your ear close to his door. If this wins you over, then proceed immediately to MASTER & EVERYONE or the recently released SUPERWOLF. Then maybe you'll be ready to dip into the likes of his Palace Brothers era.o dip into the likes of his Palace Brothers era.
B00003CX95|5.0|a fight for freedom. this should be shown in high schools as part of an education in Taiwan. &quot;Peace is made in such ways.&quot; &quot;Slaves  are made in such ways...&quot; China can't take Taiwan if Taiwanese think  like William Wallace.
B000006MS3|5.0|When listening to &quot;The Dreaming&quot; it is apparent that Kate Bush  had certain influences in making the record (The Beatles' psychedelic era,  Syd Barrett, Peter Gabriel's third album), but somehow the synthesis of  elements, added to Bush's own unique character, created a witch's brew far  more potent than any of the ingredients.  There is nothing like &quot;The  Dreaming&quot; in rock music, an album which demands to be digested on all  levels: intellectual, emotional,  psychic and spiritual.  The increasingly  arty aspirations of her work, which had blossomed on &quot;Never For  Ever&quot;, reach true fruition here.  The musical tapesty is dense, harsh  and thick, with the songs constructed around layers of sound and varying  styles (music hall to irish folk to tribal chants to modern electronica,  sometimes mixing them for full effect) more experimental than anything  anyone else was doing at the time; the impression was that she had gone  mad, and when  listening to songs like &quot;Leave It Open&quot; and  &quot;Get Out Of My House&quot;, that is not so hard to believe.  It is a  brilliant madness, however, one that touches on topics and feelings usually  alien to most people, but which form the basis of our primal subconscious  thoughts (the album's only precedent had been Peter Gabriel's third, but  even that sounds tame compared to what we have here): lyrical topics range  from bank robberies (&quot;There Goes A Tenner&quot;) to seances  (&quot;Houdini&quot;) to aboriginies (the title track) to rape (&quot;Get  Out Of My House&quot;), and Bush plows through them all with her wizard's  robe on, investing each line with all kinds of secret codes and confessions  which take the bedazzled listener dozens upon dozens of listens to  decipher.  Each track plays like a mini-film, with Bush's supremely bizarre  vocals exagerrated to levels (again) never heard of in rock; she can move  from soothing pop diva to screaming banshee with the batting of an eyelid.The harsh musical textures and shrill vocal sounds no doubt turned a lot of  &quot;Wuthering Heights&quot; listeners cold when released back in '82;  however, for those willing to listen, &quot;The Dreaming&quot; is not only  her finest work, but the finest art-pop statement of all time.
0613021339|5.0|It's always healthy to look at things from a different perspective. In this book the three cuddly little wolves with soft fur and fluffy tails are chased by the big bad pig who they don't call big and bad for nothing.  This book is very funny and the ending proves once again that the only real way to rid yourself of an enemy, is to make him your friend. My children request this book often, and the Spanish version Los Tres Lobitos Y El Cochino Feroz is a great suppliment for our Spanish lessons.
B00000JCRH|5.0|Master of Puppets is considered by many critics as well as many fans as  Metallica's magnum opus.  The intricate guitar interplay on this album  especially noted on Master of Puppets and Orion deserves the remastering  techniques of DCC.  I live for recordings like these that can push my  system to the absolute limits.  The clarity of Hammet's guitar and the  clear fat bass of Ulrich's kickdrum can bring tears to your eyes played  through an audiophile-grade system.  The only flaw on this album is the  noise floor.  Because the album was recorded in analog, this defect is  inescapable; however, the overall quality of the disc warrants this  purchase.  Even non-audiophiles should appreciate this disc.
B00001NFCY|5.0|This, along with My Own Prison, are probably two of the best CDs that I  have ever heard. Stapps vocals fail to dissapoint yet again and Tremonti's  guitar work is sheer brilliance. Just about every song is beautifully done  and my favorite is &quot;Faceless Man&quot;. Other greats are  &quot;Beautiful&quot;, &quot;Higher&quot;, &quot;With Arms Wide Open&quot;,  &quot;What If&quot;, and &quot;Are You Ready?&quot;. Simply put, go out and  buy this CD now! And if you don't already have it, buy My Own Prison too.  You won't regret it!
B00004TFK3|5.0|This movie is just great, I can watch it over and over again and not get bored and I alway notice something new.  The special effects are great.
0380715430|4.0|'The Mother Tongue' captivated me from the first two sentences, &quot;More than 300 million people in the world speak English and the rest, it  sometimes seems, try to.  It would be charitable to say that the results  are sometimes mixed.&quot;  Covering one of my favorite subjects, the  English language, Bryson's chapters include: Global Language, Where Words  Come From, Pronunciation, Spelling, Good and Bad English, Names, Swearing,  Wordplay, and the Future of English.  He is not an &quot;English  Teacher&quot; and he does not favor the snotty, dry William-Safire-ish  &quot;you-should-be-ashamed-for-having-split-an-infinitive&quot; type of  English language fans.  He is rather more like a bemused bystander and  observer of how English is used, misused, where funny and odd things in our  language come from, why we do or did (or don't or didn't) carry on British  spellings and pronunciations.  In total, in typical Bryson fashion, he has  taken a subject that the majority of Average Joes would find screamingly  boring and made it fascinating... and for someone like me who loves the  language to begin with - well, it's just a good, good time.
B00003CXHJ|1.0|THIS IS ANOTHER HOLLYWOOD RIP OFF. DON'T WASTE YOUR TIME WITH U-571. INSTEAD CHECK OUT GERMANY'S GREAT SUBMARINE WAR FILM TITLED  DAS BOOT.     IF YOU REALLY WANT TO SEE U571, RENT IT.  BETTER YET RENT THEM BOTH (U571  &amp; DAS BOOT) BUT WATCH DAS BOOT FIRST .  WHEN YOU BEGIN TO WATCH U-571 ,  AFTER THE FIRST TEN MINUTES YOU WILL BE ROLLING YOUR EYES AND MUMBLING  UNDER YOUR BREATH &quot;RIP OFF&quot;.  IN THE END, YOU WILL END UP BUYING  DAS BOOT.  AMAZON.COM HAS THE BEST PRICE.  FYI - THE MAKERS OF DAS BOOT  ALSO MADE STALINGRAD, ANOTHER GREAT WWII FLICK.
B00001ZT0K|3.0|&quot;Abominog&quot; is far from one of the best Uriah Heep cd's, but's  thats not to say that it's bad; it is actually  very good and is not the  weakest Heep album, &quot;Fallen Angel&quot; has that  dubious honor. It  just lacks in the progressive elements somewhat, it is really one of the  best albums released in the final days of hard rock's  chart reign. It is  comparable to what Black Sabbath and Grand Funk Railroad released in the  early '80's. Do not expect the nonstop brilliance that you find in  &quot;Salisbury&quot;,  &quot;Conquest&quot; and the definitive live cd  &quot;Spellbinder&quot;, and you'll like this a lot.
B000000OUJ|5.0|No need for reviews  simply GET IT yesterday coz today youre a day late
6304493681|5.0|This movie is out standing and is a big break-through to Anime. I suggest this if you want to explore more anime.  Not for young children.
B00003CWNR|2.0|The only rules or morals the characters have in this story are the ones they made up as they went along in their lives.  The characters all had  experiences which were only made complex through poor personal choices,  resulting mostly from a lack of moral courage.  There were no noble  characters in this story.  Showing Michael Caine's figure slowly killing  himself on ether, while others know but do nothing, reminded me of the  glorification of Nicholas Cage's self-destructive character in  &quot;Leaving Las Vegas&quot;.<br />What is worse, is that this movie seduces  its audience (through beautiful film making) into agreeing with its message  that there is no need or benefit to having any consistent or absolute  morals in life.  Most of the characters had some positive qualities which  the film makers used to allow us to be sympathetic to their poor ideals.   In the end, even Homer is corrupted - through a wrong relationship,  changing his position on abortion, and finally by working under forged  credentials.  Obviously, the Hollywood establishment used this movie as a  platform for its pro-abortion ideals.<br />Great cinematography aside, and  some good acting, this is a movie with many bad messages:  lie when it  makes sense to, performing abortions is not really wrong but helpful,  orphans have no real chance at a good life, work professionally under false  credentials if you know what you're doing, and have sex before marriage  with someone else's girlfriend if it seems right.
B0000028RR|5.0|Since RATM exploded onto the scene with their self titled albumway back in 1992, music hasn't been the same. RATM easily rank as one of the best bands to have emerged in the last decade, if not since the inception of rock music itself.<br />This CD is perhaps still the best they've created.  I've never heard an album brimming over with so much anger, and heard it so focused against anyone or anything.<br />The most political band since the Sex Pistols (but with much more defined political ideas) and just as revolutionary music-wise, Rage fused political manifestos to heavy metal, aggro funk and rap vocals. They single handedly defined the sound that now infuses MTV and radio waves everywhere with bands such as Limp Bizkit playing watered down versions of their music, minus the talent and intelligence.  Featuring Zack's venom filled lyrical diatribes, Tom Morello's amazing other-worldly guitar sounds and squeals, and one of the best rythm sections in the world, this is the sound of a band who are perfectly in tune with one-another both mentally and musically.<br />From opener Bomb Track through the famous singles Killing In The Name, Bullet In The Head and Know Your Enemy to closer Freedom this album is one of the most energetic, ...and intense blasts you'll find. Awe inspiring stuff. Join the revolution.
0446677450|5.0|I was watching Oprah one afternoon (like many others who have reviewed this book) and I had the chance to listen to Robert Kiyosaki give an  overview of the premises contained in his new book &quot;Rich Dad, Poor  Dad&quot;. I bought the book that afternoon and read it NONSTOP, finishing  it that same night. I have since reread it 3 times and purchased  &quot;CashFlow Quadrant&quot; (Part 2 of Rich Dad) finishing it in much the  same manner. <br />I have 2 masters degrees in education and an undergrad in  business marketing. After reading this book, I feel that I now have 3  pieces of paper (and that's about it). I am not discounting higher  education. I loved the time that I spent in college. However, college seems  to have become more of a &quot;rite of passage&quot; than a &quot;road to  wealth&quot;. This book discusses that discovery and how to act upon it. If  you get RICH DAD, go ahead and buy CASH FLOW because you'll want it ASAP  !  I have recommended it to all of my friends and family....EXCELLENT  CHOICE!
0316777722|5.0|The best of all of his books, by far!  If you've ever lived (not just  visited) in a country where you were still learning the language or ever  tried to learn French, you will thoroughly relate to Mr. Sedaris and his  trials in France!  It's absolutely hysterical!
B00000JCOV|5.0|These guys are great.  If you want something to bang your head too or  scream too this is it.  Nothing like doodes dressed in psycho clown masks  to lighten your day.
0446608955|5.0|This book was a great story about love and finding out the truth about  yourself and others. It is also a great story of friendship and courage. It  is amazing how one person can warm the hearts of so many just being  themselves. The story in the beginning was a little slow but once Jamie  enters the story it warms up from there.  I had no idea how the book was  going to end and when it finally did it threw me for a loop,  I never  expected it.  Nicholas Sparks has a wonderful way of telling a story as if  you yourself were actually in the story.  I felt I was right there with  Landon and Jamie.  If you love wonderful love stories and are a fan of  Nicholas Sparks then you will love this book.  I greatly recommend this  book, it is a great lazy vacation book...
B000002AZ8|4.0|Pearl Jam's third album Vitalogy is possibly their most weird, least  commercial moment yet.<br />Beginning with two of the fastest songs they've  recorded, Last Exit and the punked up Spin The Black Circle, in which Eddie  shows off his low end growl to great effect, the record quickly begins to  diversify.<br />There's the anger of Not For You and Whipping; the weird song  structure of Tremor Christ; magical ballads (although not exactly love  ballads) such as Nothingman, Better Man and Immortality; a few traditional  Pearl Jam rockers, such as Corduroy; and song more experimental songs like  Bugs and the extremely odd Hey Foxymophandlemama, That's Me.<br />It's these  one or two weird songs that bring the album down from a five star rating. I  like experimentation (and Pearl Jam have never been a band to rest on their  laurels and relive past glories), but Bugs and Foxymophandle... just get on  my nerves. They're fun at first, but eventually you just find yourself  skipping them.<br />Vitalogy is a great album, it has depth, emotion, good  musicianship, and most of all, some damn fine songs. Godd, but not Pearl  Jam's best.
6303109950|5.0|I watch this movie all the time.  It is packed with action based on the true story of Wyatt Earp, yet it does have many added fictional details,  nothing is deleted from the real story.  This is a movie you will watch  over and over again, and each time it makes you wish you were born one  hundred and twenty years ago so you could have rode with Doc, Virgil, and  Wyatt and the other great lawmen of the west.  A must buy for western fans.   HOO-YAH!   Thank all war veterans.
B000000OU6|5.0|many may know slash as the top hat wearing guitar toating coolest man in  gn'r .if you liked appetite you might think of slash as a lunatic. his new  band slashs snakepit is an intriguing mix of blues and heavy metal. with  graet ballads and smashing guitar riffs. but to say anything the slash is a  god of rock<br />                        Rn'FR
0671004107|5.0|I absolutely loved Carl Sagan's novel.  The movie did absolutely nothing  for me.   The novel speaks to you on so many levels.  It is the true Sagan  speaking.  From his feelings on contemporary political agendas, to his  thoughts on religion, Sagan gives his readers an insightful look into the  issues of the modern world.   I think what disappoints most readers of this  book is that Contact is not only about &quot;contact&quot;.  The movie may  have been, but the novel is not.  I think that this is what makes it  outstanding novel.  The movie was made so that fourth graders would have no  problem understanding the complexities of contacting an alien race.  The  novel was NOT created for fourth graders.  It was created for intelligent  adults who are able to gain insights from something other than television.    I was not disappointed by Contact.  It lived up to my expectations  completely.  I loved the ending and can admit to crying (as well as  laughing) during various parts of the novel.     If you want to experience  the real Contact, and not the dumbed-down movie version, read Sagan's  novel.  You won't regret it.  In fact, you may be amazed.....
B00004U8H4|1.0|Let's just say that I wish I could rate this movie less than 1 star.  It was the worst movie that I have ever seen, and I have seen some pretty bad  movies in my time.  American Psycho was actually painful to watch; I think  I would prefer someone to tie me down and rip off my fingernails one at a  time than watch this movie again if given the choice.  The social  commentary was valid but demonstrated in such an  in-your-face-yet-trying-to-be-subtle-and-smart way that it completely lost  any respect that it may have deserved.  Christian Bale did a fine job  portraying Patrick Bateman but he could not make up for the horrible  dialogue, storyline, producing and everything else involved.  I only  recommend this movie to people who wish to see one of the worst movies to  come out of Hollywood in a very long time.  If you want to watch a good  (sorry, great)movie with approximately the same commentary, buy American  Beauty.
B00001OH7P|1.0|Mittens is living, and Bob Marley will survive, and MOSS INc will take  over the world!
6304258984|5.0|This movie has several action packed scenes for all of you who love action movies.  It has three of the greatest actors around:  Sean Connery, Ed  Harris, and Nicolas Cage.  I am for the Marines on there patriotic beliefs  in this movie, but nothing else.  You have to watch this movie to see what  I am talking about.  It is absolutely a great movie and it kinda makes you  think.  HOO-YAH!   Thank all war veterans.
B00000K19E|5.0|Wow... this movie is a fabulous on many different levels I could write pages and pages of praise, but for this review I'm going to take this  perspective even though this is not an Asimov creation but rather a  Wachowski brother brainchild:            &quot;Asimov's 3 laws of  Robotics[and artificial intelligence]:&quot;                                1.A robot[or artificial being] may not injure a human being or, through  inaction, allow a human being to come to harm.                 2.A robot[or  artificial being] must obey the orders given to it by human beings except  where such orders would conflict with the first law.                 3.A  robot[or artificial being] must protect its own existence as long as such  protection does not conflict with the First or Second Law.     Whereas the  Asimov classic short story Bicentennial man deals with robots (and AI) not  having enough rights. This movie deals with AI having too much control...  total control in fact they totally violate the three laws!     Interchange  the words &quot;human being&quot; with &quot;robot/ai&quot;, read the three  laws again in this manner and that is the world of the Matrix, the robots  rule! for Without giving any plot points away, at one part of The Matrix  Sentient program:Agent Smith mentions that human beings are &quot;the  cancer of this planet and [the robots]are the cure&quot;. This kind of  implies that the people that created this AI world run amok probably did it  for environmental reasons.            In Asimov's robots stories there is  talk about robots having &quot;solved the ecological crisis&quot; but still  not being accepted into the society. Comparison between these two great  stories shows that being partisan about anything is dangerous. The middle  road (balancing robot/AI rights and not giving robots/AI too much power) is  the desirable route.             In Frank Herbert's Dune (the novel not the  horrible movie of the same name) there is talk of a very Matrix like&quot;Butlerian Jihad&quot; a war of humans against thinking machines and  computers. In Dune the robots are wiped out, in Asimov stories the only  legal place to have working AI and robots is in space stations. In The  Matrix... well, you'll have to watch this excellent movie to find out...
B000002KDO|3.0|After reading the reviews for this album, all which seem to place this  album at the zenith of hard rock, I can't help but feel disappointed now  that I've listened to it. Without doubt this was revolutionary stuff at the  start of the 70s and its popularity obviously inspired a multitude of metal  bands. The problem is that the sound isn't particularly interesting; I've  heard it all before from every band which followed in Black Sabbath's  footsteps. After being brought up on a diet of Deep Purple, Hendrix,  Motorhead etc, I must have high standards for musicianship. I have heard  people rave about Iommi's guitar work. Why? In this album all we seem to  hear are a constantly repeating array of power chords interspersed with  some very laboured lead breaks. As for vocals, I personally can't stand  Osborne's whining style; give me the growl of a Lemmy or the  mellifluousness of a Gillan. Overall, I found this album easy to listen to,  but not absorbing and I would probably not rate it as anything better than  average when compared with the truly great rock albums.
0790729393|5.0|Sleepers was a very powerful movie---Kevin Bacon gives a breakout performance as sadistic guard Sean Nokes.  I liked the first half of the  film better; thinking about the horrors that the 4 boys had to have endured  can keep you awake at night.  Brad Renfro and Geoff Wigdor get high fives  too; they had the New York accents down cold.
6305892806|5.0|This is a phenomenal movie, keeping the attention of anyone watching it.  I am a huge Jane Austen fan and this made me appreciate her work even more.   I thought it could not begin to compare with the 6 hour version of Pride  and Predjudice but I loved it just as much.  This is an incredible movie  for any Jane Austen fan and even for those who aren't will enjoy this.  The  actors and actresses brought each character to life, I just can't believe  how incredible this movie is.  I can't wait to get my hands on it again.
B00000DHZJ|5.0|A collection of all the best of Hendrix. From the beginning of 'Purple  Haze' to the end of 'Star Sprangled Banner' there's not a single poor song.  With great guitar play such as that in 'Voodoo Child' and the Dylan cover  'All Along the Watchtower' this album shows Hendrix's true ability. Also,  with slower songs such as 'The Wind Cries Mary', and blues influenced songs  such as 'Red House', there is something for everybody. However, this album  is best for new Hendrix fans...For the true Experience, listen to his other  4 albums.
0780619668|1.0|It took Marlon Brando 45 years to become a murmuring, bloated self-parody... and Val Kilmer only 12. In this endless, misshapen mess,  they have the roles (you can't say they &quot;play&quot; them) originally  and brilliantly acted by Charles Laughton and Arthur Hohl in the wonderful  1932 version, which is highly recommended. As Dr. Moreau, Laughton was  creepy and quite terrifying -- the same could be said of Brando, but not in  admiration. As for Kilmer... well, he's no Arthur Hohl.
B000002GGU|5.0|Without a doubt, the best Bryan Adams CD ever released.  Whenever I hear  Summer of '69 on the radio, I just have sing along.  Canadian rock still  rules the year 2000 !!
B00000K19E|5.0|The Wachowski brothers certainly have a handle on the art of film making for the new millennium! 15 or 20 years in the future, a plethora of both historical and imaginary virtual world venues available at your fingertips, via your virtual reality headgear, you wont be asking yourself, once immersed in the world of your choosing, &quot;Wait, how did I get here and why am I here?&quot;<br />MATRIX illustrates just how insightful and prophetic Marshall McLuhans assertion &quot;The Medium is the message&quot; has proved to be! Does Matrix glorify violence? Is it really original? Does it border on blasphemous? Most of the discussion and critique of MATRIX really seem to miss the point entirely. MATRIX is the essence and epitome of style...not substance. <br />Through a seamless symbiotic blending of diverse visual and auditory elements, most notably the 360 sequential surround photography of artfully choreographed and precisely executed human action scenes, the Wachowskis have achieved a true re-definition of the cinematic experience, on their own terms. Engaging, engrossing and bombarding your senses with their signature style, ultimately transporting you to a virtual world much more convincing than any drug-induced one.<br />MATRIX clearly speaks to us in a newly formatted cinematic language. My recommendation: Put aside any negative preconceived notions and just listen.
B000023VR6|4.0|Its been 4 years since Dre released 'Chronic' and this is worth the wait.  Now with a load of supporting artists such as 'Xzibit', 'Snoop Dogg' and  'Hittman', it makes the album all the better. And after signing Eminem, he  now has the added help of his humourous lyrics, making songs such as  'Forgot About Dre' and 'Whats the Difference' even more enjoyable.
B00004RFDW|5.0|&quot;The Insider&quot; starts out slowly, but with arresting gravity, and snakes its way into a riveting, superb thriller. The acting is magnificent,  the direction superb, the pacing precise, and the dialog riveting. It's a  long movie, but you can't stop watching it. Everyone involved should be  congratulated, for this is the telling of a complex story on film that  captures multiple layers, human pathos, and modern paranoia, all equally  effectively. A MUST SEE!
0553275976|5.0|It's not often that you could say that a book changed your life, but Tom  Wolfe's Bonfire of the Vanities did just that for me. I was a college  drop-out doing nothing with my life and one day my sister gave me this  book. I'm not a big reader but I could not put this book down. I became  completely involved with the great characters in this book, young attorney,  Larry Kramer, writer Peter Fallow, Reverand Reginald Bacon, and of course,  Sherman McCoy. Wolfe wrote in such terrific detail that you feel as if  you'd known these characters all your life. I started talking about them in  conversations like they were close friends of mine. The story itself is  incredible, taking you through the highs and lows of four main characters  with Sherman being the tie that binds them all. Now, as for the  life-changing part, I knew very little about the stock market, but after  seeing the high-life that Sherman led, the luxury car, the Park Ave. Co-Op,  and of course his lovely ladies, wife Judy and mistress, Maria Ruskin, i  knew thats what i wanted for myself(except for the mistress, of course).  So, I took a couple of classes, read a few books and I passed my stock  broker exam on the first try. Wall Street has been great to me--I have a  job I love, great friends and durroundings and I met my wife at my firm. In  short, I have never been happier and I have Tom Wolfe and his tale of a  wealthy financier to thank.
B00004T37H|5.0|&quot;Oh my God&quot; This film is the most beautiful, emotionally moving film I have ever seen.  Words do not begin to describe just how deeply this  movie will emotionally cut you.  You will laugh, and cry, experience shock  and horror, and do it all through experiencing the magnificent characters.   The literary themes of man v. nature man v. man, nature v. nature, and man  v. self, are all laid out in a form worthy of a shakesperian play.  The  script was penned into english by Neil Gaiman, author of the sandman series  of comics by D.C. This film is the most view-worthy film of the decade, and  I would reccomend it to anyone.  Everything from the Beautiful artwork, to  the quiet characterization of characters like Yakul, Ashitaka's giant red  elk.  It is worth every penny and would be if it cost 1,000,000, dollars.   Please watch this there are values in it that we can all benefit from.<br />                         - Matthew Richard.
B00000DHZJ|5.0|A collection of all the best of Hendrix. From the beginning of 'Purple  Haze' to the end of 'Star Sprangled Banner' there's not a single poor song.  With great guitar play such as that in 'Voodoo Child' and the Dylan cover  'All Along the Watchtower' this album shows Hendrix's true ability. Also,  with slower songs such as 'The Wind Cries Mary', and blues influenced songs  such as 'Red House', there is something for everybody. However, this album  is best for new Hendrix fans...For the true Experience, listen to his other  4 albums.
B000023VR9|5.0|the number of excellent tracks in this cd is amazing. despite some weak  songs this album is so full and so rich with amazing songs (&quot;gang  bang&quot;, &quot;still dre&quot;, &quot;forgot about dre&quot;, &quot;f**k  you&quot; and much more!) that u can overlook the weak ones. this album is  exactly what the doctor orderd!
B000002UEB|5.0|Despite being an inconspicuous pioneer of the progressive metal genre, Queensryche returns to the clear-cut, albeit highly sophisticated, heavy metal of their roots with Operation: Mindcrime, arguably their finest album to date. Taking their lyrical ambition several steps beyond previous works, Operation: Mindcrime is a concept album telling the story of a cynical, idealistic man named Nikki who joins a zealous left-wing organization set on assassinating political and religious deadbeats. Tragic romance, drug addiction, betrayal, and insanity are all elements of this great story. Anchored to some of the 'Ryche's best songwriting, music and story amalgamate into a truly memorable album.<br />Perhaps the reason O:M is such an excellent piece of work is its emotional redolence. We shouldn't feel sorry for Nikki in his situation (he's not really a nice guy, after all), but we do because of the story's closed system. Since all the characters are scumbags (especially the lowlife hypocrite of a priest), Nikki wins our sympathy just because he's trapped in a nightmare from which he cannot escape, and he's among the least vile of the characters. It also helps that vocalist Geoff Tate sings with a passion heightened by his inhuman vocal ability. His mastery of upper ranges is matched by few, if any, and he delivers the narrative lyrics with conviction and intensity. Definitely one of the greatest vocal performances ever put to a metal record.<br />The story's conveyances score high marks for great metal songwriting. Songs are concise, aggressive, and every one is worthwhile. The band scored some lucrative singles with &quot;I Don't Believe In Love,&quot; lyrically cheerless but musically exhilarating, and the stunning &quot;Eyes of a Stranger,&quot; the captivating rocker that serves as the story's terrific coda, as well as carrying overtones for a broader thematic matter. More ambitious songs also make an impression, especially with Michael Kamen's fabulous orchestrations. The timorous overture to &quot;Suite Sister Mary&quot; leads into a lush 10-minute track combining chanting choirs, intense guitar lines, and brilliant character interaction between Nikki (Tate) and Mary (Pamela Moore), sung of course. The only thing that would have made this song tastier is some harmonization between Tate and Moore, which would have sounded great, but let's not get picky. &quot;The Mission&quot; is one of the most underrated songs the band ever wrote, yet concurrently one of the best, with powerful lyrics, arrangements, and emotionally striking solos.<br />After this, Queensryche released Empire, an outstanding commercial hard rock album. The work that followed Empire was notably weaker, and it's doubtful that the band will ever again hit the peak of songwriting found here and on their next release. Empire and Mindcrime are both worthy additions to your collection if you want some of the best metal and hard rock out there.he timorous overture to &quot;Suite Sister Mary&quot; leads into a lush 10-minute track combining chanting choirs, intense guitar lines, and brilliant character interaction between Nikki (Tate) and Mary (Pamela Moore), sung of course. The only thing that would have made this song tastier is some harmonization between Tate and Moore, which would have sounded great, but let's not get picky. &quot;The Mission&quot; is one of the most underrated songs the band ever wrote, yet concurrently one of the best, with powerful lyrics, arrangements, and emotionally striking solos.<br />After this, Queensryche released Empire, an outstanding commercial hard rock album. The work that followed Empire was notably weaker, and it's doubtful that the band will ever again hit the peak of songwriting found here and on their next release. Empire and Mindcrime are both worthy additions to your collection if you want some of the best metal and hard rock out there.
B00004TL21|5.0|The White Pony is the best rock album of the year without exception. If  you haven't heard it then buy it, it is an incredible record. It is not as  angry as previous releases, with awesome guitar landscapes and contrasting  vocals which will haunt you from beginning to end. Listen to RX Queen for  possibly the greatest anthem on the record, and look out for digital bath  as a probable next release from the band. JUST GO OUT AND BUY IT !!!
B0000009SG|5.0|Oh, this CD is so much fun.  It has delightful characters with polyanna  tunes to mask a sardonic silver tongue.  DINAH MOE HUMM is a classic  character of musical history.  It is so much fun to listen to, you hardly  notice its feminist lyrics ridiculing male sexuality.  Even thinking about  it in those terms, the song is still funny.  That is just one of the  aspects of FZ's genius.  FZ was no slouch when it came to playing his  guitar either.  Still, this is some of the best guitar work on record, and  it's not even his best stuff.  If you have any interest in Frank Zappa or  in Los Angeles guitar music of the early seventies, this album will be  interesting to you.
B00001NFCY|5.0|I actually bought human clay before icy prison and it turned out to be  better than their first release.  On icy prison, five of their songs are  excellent, and the other five just average.  However, on Human Clay, every  song is wonderful.  I just saw them in concert and they continue to be one  of my favorite bands.  I am just waiting for them to release their next cd.  This is a must buy.
B0000009SI|5.0|I enjoy this CD very much.  Frank Zappa was a talented muscian and  songwriter.  This album shows how good he was as both.  All of the songs  are upbeat and sardonic, which makes a protest song like UNCLE REMUS most  effective.  The characters have a cartoon quality about them.  Nanook,  Alphonzo and Father O'Blivion demonstrate FZ as a great story-teller.  Not  to be outdone by anyone, APOSTROPHE includes a great guitar jam.  If you  are interested in fun, entertaining music which does not sacrifice  sophsitication, or if you are interested in guitar music of the early  seventies this CD will interest you.  It's proabably as good a place as any  to start listening to FZ, in case you have been putting that off, too.
0345428056|4.0|I read a book a day. FINALLY a real &quot;page turner&quot;. The beginning  is a little slow and seemingly disjointed. Don't give up.  It'll make sense  later. The ending could have used one more paragraph. Enjoy the ride.
B000002KJQ|5.0|This is a solid album of Southern Blues Rock.  Every song is solid.  It  has a small club feel, as if Billy, Dusty and Rube were playing in your  local bar while you sip a Lone Star.  Strongly influenced by such blues  giants a BB KING and JOHN LEE HOOKER, these guys know how to make that  sound groove and cook.  The hit is LA GRANGE where you'll meet some nice  girls while seranaded to a smooth southern sound.  The fact that is the  heavy rotation song does not diminish the strength of the others.  This is  one of those rare albums which is great from start to finish.  If you are  intersted in the early years of what became one of the most popular bands  in America, or if you are interested in Texas Blues Guitar Rock, this album  will be interesting to you.
0688170528|5.0|I just completed The Pact and am still reeling from it. Jodi Picoult has  once again amazed me with a novel with completely believable and likable  characters and gripping storyline. Normally it is difficult for me to read  books that have such heavy disturbing drama but she made those characters  real and of concern to the reader - people you might actually know. It made  me think but didn't bring me down. It takes a great writer to achieve that  balance. Read this book when you have quiet time with no distractions!!
B00004U2G4|5.0|In my humble opinion, this is Jeff Beck at his finest hour!<br />Visit the  Yardbirds Fan Forum :  [...]
B00004TRD8|5.0|Ok someone in their review said that there isn''t three versions of this movie included, well there is!  There first two you can get to by accessing  the menus and the thrid is a hidden easter egg which has no menu links.   The third version has about 5 more minutes tacked on to the special  edition.  I suggest you go check out a site that post dvd easter eggs, so  you can access this feature, and trust me it does work, as I did it just  before typing this and it does work.  6 2 9 9 7   If you know the easter  egg then those numbers make sense to you :)
B00000AFGM|4.0|Okay, now that i've vented (see: Mechanical Animals [clean cover]), i'm  ready to write my real review.  Let me just say that this is a very good  album, and i can't see why those supposed &quot;die-hard mansonites&quot;  went postal over it.  I may be biased 'cause this is the first manson album  i heard.  Maybe if i'd been exposed to Antichrist Svperstar first, i would  hate this album, but probably not.  Now, my soon to be trademark review  feature, the song-by-song review: GREAT BIG WHITE WORLD:  This is a pretty  moody peice.  Somewhat about how America, no, the world today has numbed  itself to what is really going on in the shadows.  Fairly good song. THE  DOPE SHOW: This is the song that i'm sure attracted a lot of your  attentions to the album, but it's not the reason that I bought it.  This  song has very little in common with the rest of the album, but it's still a  good song.  it's got a kind of chunky quality to it, in other words, it's  not a very smoothe ride.  Unique song for shock rock, bordering on  semi-great. MECHANICAL ANIMALS: Here is a title track that, unlike some  albums, doesn't suck.  There's a lot of suppressed anger in here, to  someone who sounds like the abandoner type.  This song is fairly hard, but  never gets up to Hard Rock standards.  Good song. ROCK IS DEAD: Here it is,  the reason i bought the album.  and i didn't even know that it was on the  album until after i'd bought it.  This is a headbanger here, with a dab of  glam here and there.  Sure, the lyrics don't really make all that much  sense (except for the chorus), but what the hell? greatish song.  DISSASOCIATIVE:  This is a slow song that whips the pace up a little bit  for the chorus, but even when it's slowed down, it's a beautiful song.   Bordering on Great. THE SPEED OF PAIN:  This is a beautiful song.  almost  entirely acoustic, and if it wasn't for the cussing in the chorus, and the  depressed imagery, you might even glimpse this playing during a school  dance's slowdance.  Almost Great song. POSTHUMAN: One of the more  techno-ish songs on the album, and the namesake of Manson's own new record  label (parented by Priority Records).  this one is sure to piss off some  Christians.  what with him chanting &quot;god is just a statistic&quot; and  &quot;god is a number you cannot count to&quot;.  there's the headbangin'  riffage in this song, and the dancable synth solos.  all and all an almost  great song.   I WANT TO DISSAPEAR:  Here is a song that should replace The  Star Spangled Banner as our national anthem.  Instead of going on and on  about how heroic we are, it tells the truth about society in this so called  great country.  what with &quot;Hey, and our mommies are lost now, Hey,  daddie's someone else, Hey, and we love the abuse because it makes us feel  like we are needed&quot;.  I've seen a couple families like that.   Headbanger, definetely.  Good song. I DON'T LIKE THE DRUGS (but the drugs  like me):  And people have called this a hard rocker.  uh huh, and i'm  Martha Stewart's Love Affair!  This song is pure funk. no doubt about it.   Okay sure, the detuned guitars come in during the chorus a bit, but that's  no excuse to call this 'the hardest rocker on the album' (see Mechanical  Animals [clean cover]).  This song is right up there with Rock Is Dead for  me in terms of greatness. NEW MODEL NO. 15:  A song about corporate  america.  People are manufactured now, no doubt about it, and here's the  song that gives you proof (I'm the new, new model, i got nothing inside.  Better in the head, and in bed in the office).  More of a hard classic  rocker than a headbanger, this song can get pretty peculiar.  Good song.  USER FRIENDLY:  What manson means by user friendly is that he's friendly to  user's, i.e. people who use other people.  the chorus won't make sense to  you unless you know what happened during his extensive period of wonkiness  during Antichrist Superstar.  If you know about manson's relationships and  how the tend to go sower, then you'll get the rest of the song.  Good and a  half song. FUNDAMENTALLY LOATHESOME:  Ahh, here it is. the song that made  me mark this album down a whole half a point.  Manson does Polka.  This  song sucks. 'Nuff said. THE LAST DAY ON EARTH:  A sad song, but a beautiful  one none the less.  This and Coma White are the two songs that are in a  close second to Rock Is Dead on my favorites for this album.  a fairly soft  song, and picks up a tad for the chorus, but not too much.  Great song.  COMA WHITE:  here is the song that's video stirred up so much controversey.   What with manson posing as JFK and getting shot.  a pretty soft/hard song,  picking up and slowing down alternately.  fairly depressing, but uplifting  at the same time.  Great song. Well, that's my song by song review of the  album, but hey, don't rely on me, listen to the album for yourself and see  if it's worth your time.  This album launched me into Shock Rock.   Therefore, changing my musical life, and my social life.
0792844890|5.0|Ok of course this a great movie and I could sing praises all day, but the thing that really got me about this dvd was the way the movie looked on  dvd.  I had this movie on vhs and when I got it on dvd I was blown away by  how vivid and improved the picture was.  It is really amazing, I knew dvd  often improved the way a movie looked, but of all my dvd's in my collection  this is the one that has improved the most from vhs to dvd. I strongly  suggest the movie because its funny and looks great.
0380977273|5.0|Great book, but the movie (also written by Ray Bradbury) was much better.   It's probably the best Halloween (the holiday) movie I've seen.<br />The book  can stand on its own, though, and is a great read
B00003CWL6|5.0|This movie was full of beautiful imagery.  It dealt with si many issues that are on peoples minds, that no one wants to talk about.  Issues like  adultery, masterbation, homosexuality, idolatry of a beautiful teen, drugs,  abuse and the list goes on and on.  If you can watch a movie and see it not  for what society sees it as, but how it relates to your life then SEE this  movie.  If you can't do this, then simply don't waste your time because you  will not enjoy this movie!
B000002B1M|5.0|Im sick of everyone saying Nas sold out on this album. How do you figure?  As far as I know this is his most in tune to real life album he made. Also  on this album he seems to add more detail to whatver he is talking about.  &quot;The Message&quot; is my personal fav on this one. Lines like The  highlights of living, vegas style roll dice in linen, antera's spinning on  milleniums 20g bets i'm winning them, threats i'm sending them, lex with  t.v. set the minimum, i'll sex adrenaline. &quot;I gave you Power&quot; he  talks about being used in a gun perspective. This album just like illmatic  has too many jewels  to name but if you want to hear a real album from a  real rapper that didn't sell out pick this up.
B00004W5UA|4.0|The late director, Stanley Kubrick's masterpiece, &quot;Clockwork Orange&quot; is a better movie than &quot;Fight Club.&quot;  This fact,  though, should not deter one from viewing this film that includes the  incredibly talented actors, Brad Pitt and Edward Norton.  These two  artistic masters alone mandate that a serious person take a chance on this  challenging and very disturbing story.<br />Francis Fukuyama's book &quot;The  End of History&quot; came to mind while viewing this dark satirical film.  Fukuyama argued a few years ago that perhaps our society will evolve to the  point where we have essentially accomplished all that can be hoped for in  satisfying our essential needs.  This satiation of all our everyday basic  wants and desires could leave us bored and existentially empty. Do homo  sapien males especially have an innate urge to risk their lives?  What if  there are no wars to be legitimately fought?  Is it possible that the male  gender will always feel an incumbent need to seek an alternative option to  express the violent side of their nature?  Edward Norton portrays a white  collar yuppie about 30 who doesn't have much of a life.  He buys  unnecessary consumer goods merely to give himself something to do and add  to his sense of security. Norton's character earns a living cynically  investigating when it might be better for his employer to pay off on an  individual accident claim instead of ordering a far more expensive  automobile recall.  I usually dislike movies with a strong anti-Capitalist  message.  This is the economic system which has greatly improved the lives  of many throughout the world.  Nonetheless, I put aside this rational  prejudice to see if the director, David Fincher, could offer some insights  into the mind set of those self absorbed males inclined towards violence  merely to alleviate the boredom of their meaningless lives.  My investment  in Fincher was amply rewarded.<br />The Italian Fascist, Benito Mussolini, had  a deep intense hatred for logical thinking and the values of democratic  civilization.  Mussolini argued that violence for its own sake has  redeeming and cathartic value.  True manliness demanded a cold indifference  towards human suffering and a callous disregard for the rights of others  outside one's immediate social group.  &quot;Fight Club&quot; never  directly refers to Mussolini, but Fincher's vision provides us with a  window into the soul's of those attracted to a lifestyle rightfully  perceived as commonly alien and disgusting.  Fincher refuses to romanticize  the converts to the &quot;Fight Club&quot; therapeutic culture. We do not  in anyway envy or wish to emulate these sick and pathetic creatures.  On  the contrary, we are left at the end of the film hoping that such angry and  frustrated males exist primarily only in fiction.  Alas, unfortunately  &quot;Fight Club&quot; mirrors at least a bit of what occasionally occurs  in the real world.  I strongly urge the reader to immediately obtain the  1990 non-fiction book, &quot;Among the Thugs: The Experience, and The  Seduction, of Crowd Violence&quot; by English writer, Bill Buford.  This  superb study of British hooligans who relish beating up innocent people at  soccer games complements &quot;Fight Club.&quot; Buford's book deals with  males who embrace the &quot;Fight Club&quot; morality as their very own.  We can only pray that this film does not prove to be prophetic for the  increasingly affluent and &quot;End of History&quot; American society  beginning the 21st Century.intense hatred for logical thinking and the values of democratic  civilization.  Mussolini argued that violence for its own sake has  redeeming and cathartic value.  True manliness demanded a cold indifference  towards human suffering and a callous disregard for the rights of others  outside one's immediate social group.  &quot;Fight Club&quot; never  directly refers to Mussolini, but Fincher's vision provides us with a  window into the soul's of those attracted to a lifestyle rightfully  perceived as commonly alien and disgusting.  Fincher refuses to romanticize  the converts to the &quot;Fight Club&quot; therapeutic culture. We do not  in anyway envy or wish to emulate these sick and pathetic creatures.  On  the contrary, we are left at the end of the film hoping that such angry and  frustrated males exist primarily only in fiction.  Alas, unfortunately  &quot;Fight Club&quot; mirrors at least a bit of what occasionally occurs  in the real world.  I strongly urge the reader to immediately obtain the  1990 non-fiction book, &quot;Among the Thugs: The Experience, and The  Seduction, of Crowd Violence&quot; by English writer, Bill Buford.  This  superb study of British hooligans who relish beating up innocent people at  soccer games complements &quot;Fight Club.&quot; Buford's book deals with  males who embrace the &quot;Fight Club&quot; morality as their very own.   We can only pray that this film does not prove to be prophetic for the  increasingly affluent and &quot;End of History&quot; American society  beginning the 21st Century.
B000009EAD|3.0|This would be a truly great album, except for one thing: When you listen  to it, you'll think you're hearing re-makes of songs you already know. This  is the most un-original album I've ever heard. Practically every song  sounds like some other song.<br />After listening to it for a while, though, I  started to enjoy it more. The one exception is some sissy song about making  the world a better place and everyone getting along or something. Now I  just skip that song.<br />The music is awesome (it should be - it's copied  from some of the greatest metal bands) and the vocals are excellent as  well. The last song on the album actually compares favorably to something  by Metallica before they turned wimpy (like Creeping Death, etc.)<br />Iced  Earth absolutely has the potential to be one of the great metal bands, but  they are blowing it by ripping-off everyone else's work. This is very  surprising, because the other Iced Earth albums don't suffer from this  problem. I get the feeling that with &quot;Something Wicked,&quot; the band  wants to be something more than what it is, and it shows. They were a  solid, super-heavy, no-nonsense metal band. Now, who knows?<br />If you're  fairly new to heavy metal, then I highly recommend this album, because you  might not notice all the plagiarism going on. Otherwise, you might be  disappointed.
B000022TSY|2.0|This is considered the classic 60's counterculture film. Released in 1969, the American Film Institute (AFI) ranks it the 88th best film ever made,  Time Magazine called it &quot;...one of the ten most important pictures of  the decade,&quot; and the LA Times said it remains &quot;...an astonishing  work of art and an overpowering motion picture experience.&quot; It is the  movie that  rocketed Jack Nicholson to stardom. All that said, it has not  aged well!<br />The plot is; Let's buy drugs, then sell the drugs and use the  money to go to Mardi Gras on our motorcycles. Along the way, we'll stop at  a hippy commune, we'll have small-town girls sitting in a soda parlor think  we're cute and we'll have sex with prostitutes in a New Orleans house of  ill repute. All individuals in 'straight society' (in that term's original  sense) are portrayed as cretins.<br />No storyline, no character development,  no nuance, no maturation or lessons learned by the characters. No tension,  either based on time running out or options running out. Only obvious  metaphors, the editing doesn't come close to meeting the standards of the  time, there's no backstory, no flashbacks, no richness, no depth, NO  WAY.<br />I am writing this review because I was gullible enough to BUY this  movie on DVD, based on the AFI ranking and my eagerness to accept it as the  de facto standard drug culture movie of the sixties. I erred. There are  only two redeeming elements in this film. One is great Rock music from,  among others, Jimi Hendrixx and the Byrds. The other is Jack Nicholson, who  has the role of  a factoid spouting young, alcoholic lawyer. In effect, he  is playing himself and he does so magnificently. But, in spite of this  performance, the rest of variables that constitute a good movie or a good  story are either missing or  misused. Miss it!
B00000IL1K|4.0|Maybe I was duped into thinking Sara has some real talent. Don't get me wrong, I still think this is a good album. However, after repeated listening, her voice no longer impresses me. In fact, now I think her range is actually limited and her upper registers are compressed and forced. Although her voice has improved over time, it is still not as natural as you might believe as each song is heavily masked and synthesized. I think I was more impressed with the creativity of blending new age/classical/dance motivs.
B00003CWTH|4.0|Magnolia is unlike any other movies ive seen ; both the way it is filmed and they way the plot develops. There are quite a few stories in the movie, which link together more or less at the very end. All of them are  interesting and carry a somewhat similar theme of regretting the past. The  movie drifts along slowly and focuses on some parts for far too long ( like  Tom Cruise's Seduce and Destroy pep talk for men who want to get laid and  aviod much relationship ) which makes the movie longer than it maybe should  have been. Magnolia is an average movie until the 20 or 30 minute finally,  which is completely bizarre and makes you sit back and think &quot;What the  ...&quot;?. The narrator, who explains 3 mini irnonic stories very  thuroughly before magnolia begins, never really tells you why or how it  happened, kinda like the screenwriter couldnt think of any way to pull the  stories together so he just puts this ridiculous event at the end. But this  event is what makes the movie good, like it stops the stories for a few  minutes then finally pulls them together. If you're confused, just watch  the movie and see what I mean, its like nothing else you've seen.
B00004TH83|5.0|With her self-titled album done mostly in English, Lara Fabian has entered  the music world on a global scale.  Although some have labeled this album  as bland and predictable, I found it wonderful and exciting.  Her vocal  fortitude puts her squarely in the middle of a select group of pop divas.   If you enjoy the vocal acrobatics of Celine Dion, Whitney Houston, Mariah  Carey or even Annie Lennox, I can assure you that you will enjoy this  album.
B00003CXFU|5.0|A dynamic young woman with three children, &quot;down on her luck&quot; manages to regain her balance, and her life in this past-paced,  hard-hitting film.  Julia Roberts is excellent as this feisty survivor,  taking on a mean major corporation, lawyers, and a handsome Harley Davidson  biker.  Of course, she wins.  By the way this is based on the true real  heroine, alive and well in the USA, the real Erin Brockovich.  Kudos to  this lady who fought a gigantic battle for so many and won.  See this film,  and weep and cheer.
0394716787|5.0|Lets start with the facts!Edgar Allen Poe wrote a 14 page poem titled AL  AARAAF as a youngster,The Book encompesses the greatest Science Fiction  writer of the 19th century and possible History in its over 1020  pages,Includes such works as Annabel Lee,The Rave,Shadow-a  Parable,Silence-a Story,and the Tell Tale Heart,If you like reading this is  the book for you I finished it in 3 days.
0790749815|5.0|Doesn't get any better folks.  I've seen it at least 100 times.  I can't wait to get the DVD.
B000002TQV|5.0|I normally despise popular music, so I was pretty surprised when I heard  &quot;The Bends&quot;. At first I only liked a couple of the songs, but I  have now come to appreciate all of them. It's very difficult to describe  what makes Radiohead different from everyone else, but once you hear it,  it's obvious. This strikes me as intelligent, emotive, wonderfully written,  and well played music. The musicians don't slack off at all unlike most pop  bands these days (ahem...Metallica...). Every song has it's own  personality. This album hits me hard every time I listen to it. I highly  recommend it.
B00004U3UG|5.0|The best of the Evil Dead series this film is a campy funfest. Campbells commentary alone is well worth it as he rips all the cheesy effects. The  original ending is interesting and though the directors cut is included,  some of the best lines are still in the theatrical release. If you liked  the film originally, this version is a definate winner.
B000002JSP|3.0|True Zeppelin fans will want to have this, and in truth it does have some  really fine moments. Jimmy Page said it was a &quot;transitional&quot;  album, although to what we shall never know. &quot;In The Evening&quot; is  a great hard rocker, anchored by keyboards that give it an 80s synth-rock  feel. &quot;All My Love&quot; and the lilting &quot;Fool in the Rain&quot;  are worthy songs. Non-Jonesy fans will probably find it hard to sit through  &quot;Carouselambra&quot;, the 10-minute keyboard epic. The rest is a tad  sub-par for Zeppelin, but all in all this album is a decent performance.
B00004TWZG|3.0|This movie is great, I love it!  But if you're getting this DVD expecting awesome Dolby Digital 5.1 surround sound, don't bother.  When playing the  movie in DD5.1 the rear surrounds are almost absent.  You can only faintly  hear any sound when you hold your ear up to it.  The pro-logic track sounds  far better.  If you have an awesome surround sound setup, you might want to  think twice, because the mix sounds more like 3.1 surround rather than 5.1.
B000002JSR|2.0|Like most posthumous leftover albums, this one is weak. Not entirely bad,  however: on &quot;Wearing and Tearing&quot; they proved they could still  play fast and heavy, and &quot;Poor Tom&quot; and &quot;Ozone Baby&quot;  are not without their charm. This is definitely not the Zep album to buy  first. However, fans will want it to complete their collections.
B00004SCX6|1.0|WHO ARE THE SUCKERS BUYING THIS CD... I JUST WANNA KNOW.<br />WHAT KIND OF JUNK IS THIS. A LUCKY MALL RAT WHO BORDERS ON AVERAGE LOOKS, EVEN WITH  LAYERS AND LAYERS OF MAKE UP. AND THAT OH SO PLASTISIZED SMILE. SHE REMINDS  ME OF A CONTESTANT IN A JUNIOR MISS BEAUTY CONTEST. IN A FEW YEARS WHEN SHE  GETS HER FIRST WRINKLE, SHE'LL BE HISTORY, BECAUSE SHE HAS NO VOICE, AND  HER SCHOOL GIRL LOOKS WILL BE GONE. SHE BETTER SAVE UP HER MONEY NOW, CUZ  SHE WON'T LAST LONG IN THIS BUSINESS.
B000002J0B|4.0|A very underrated album, in fact perhaps the most underrated album ever.  Often criticised for not &quot;rocking&quot; as hard as II or IV, this one  succeeds because of another quality: its mystical Celtic-summer vibe.  &quot;The Song Remains the Same&quot;, &quot;Over the Hills and Far  Away&quot; and &quot;Dancing Days&quot; are anthems of exotic fantasy  hard-rock, and still sound refreshing today. &quot;The Rain Song&quot; is a  delightful guitar piece, and &quot;No Quarter&quot; is powerful. The only  really regrettable track here is the awful &quot;Crunge&quot;, but the rest  showcases Zeppelin's versatility and power very well.
0345308239|3.0|As a student of history, western civilization and our founders for over 30 years and one who loves to read just about anything I can get my hands on  that evaluates and states an opinion about our past. I found the  information contained within Tuchman's book interesting. A few of the more  significant political and philosophical opinions shared by her and quite a  few of her insights will undoubtedly remain in the back reaches of my mind,  to be called upon again at the appropriate time for some article I write,  opinion I give or paper I submit. In addition her book which talks about  the March of Folly, that so many in government make, could never be more  representative of our current mess with this administration. It is a  terrible loss that Tuchman could not have written this book after the  Clinton-Gore erra which would have been the icing upon the cake of her  entire theory.   Of course the old saying, &quot;believe half of what you  read and only a third of what you hear&quot; would be well remembered when  reading anyones book. I found that somewhere in the text,while she was  writting about the Popes, I lost interest in her tales because they just  seemed to go on and on and on and the information was dull that I would  wake up, mark the page, and go do something else just to get my focus back.  It seemed to drag on and on, sort of like the way I felt when reading  &quot;It takes a Village.&quot; There was so much irrelevent verbage, that  could have been removed, which would have made the book half it's original  size. That would have been a Godsent and still kept the most  important  information still in tact.   Even though I would certainly recommend it to  the student of U.S. Hisotry or of Western Civilization, I could not wait to  get to finale in the last three pages and get the punchline. That was there  in spades and summed it all up very nicely. But after a while I just wanted  to be done with it.    A good healthy opinionated read of the problems with  corruption, bad government, ego, power and political stupidity.
0140186395|5.0|I was required to read this book as summer reading for my 11th grade  Honors English class.<br />Like my fellow classmates, I thought &quot;Great, a  book that's over 600 pages long written so I'll never be able to understand  it.&quot;<br />Fortunately, I was wrong.  East of Eden is intriguing and  written so that even teenagers can understand it.  If you can get past all  the family/character introductions which occupy the first few chapters,  you've got it made.  The rest of the book is well written with its use of  symbolism, themes of good and evil, colorful character and other elements  that make it a classic.
B00000JZIK|5.0|People say this film doesn't make sense.  It makes perfect  sense.  Look at the world around you.  Yeah, your world.  Then look again.  Wake up and  smell the coffee cup!
B00003CXA6|4.0|While this is an excellent movie, based on an even better book, the film does not do justice to history.  The worst scene is one where Lee comes  riding out and is cheered by the Confederate troops.  Actually, this scene  was not intended for the film, but was shot of the RE-ENACTORS (who were  used as extras) cheering &quot;Lee.&quot;  It's too modern.<br />Likewise  there is too much apology made for the efforts of the Confederacy.  While  the adored Lee (who is played by Martin Sheen as though he was on  tranquilizers the whole time) is given ample screen time, almost no  attention is paid to Meade, the Union Commander.  Indeed, many would think  that Col. Chamberlain and the 20th Maine won the battle all by  themselves!<br />While better than most films about the war, it is still  Hollywood, not history.
B00003CXFV|5.0|Many reviewers will compare Julia Roberts's performance to her more popular films, but stating that this is her best film since &quot;Pretty  Woman&quot; would gloss over how unique a film experience &quot;Erin  Brockovich&quot; (DVD) is. Having never been a fan of Roberts, I avoided  the theatrical release only to be extraordinarily surprised upon seeing it  by how well she served the role. Roberts delivers her usual charisma, but  also brings an unexpectedly believeable balance of strength and tenderness.  Brockovich is a broke single mother who achieved a sort of excellence out  of desperation, hunger, and necessity. Roberts's Brockovich is an admirably  flawed and driven woman who bludgeons men with her bravado and sexuality  without any false neo-feminism nor teary-eyed victimhood so obligatory in  female lead roles.<br />Brockovich is real, fighting the &quot;big  polluter&quot;, yet director Soderberg manages to give the viewer all they  need to have genuine empathy for Brockovich without preaching the virtue of  the small town and the single mother versus the implacable corporate  entity. No, forget the movie-of-the-week conventions. Similar to &quot;A  Civil Action&quot;, EB is character driven from Finney's reluctant boss,  the chameleon-like Aaron Eckhart's long suffering boyfriend to Marg  Hegenberger's horrified realization at the swimming pool. This film depicts  how the law works for real people without boring courtroom drama.<br />The DVD  does not contain flashy special effects, but its many outtake scenes and  commentary add depth to the characters. Viewing the extra scenes lends a  greater appreciation for the real life Brockovich's determination,  Roberts's delivery (alternately understated and explosive), and director  Soderberg's commentary on editing choices. The supplemental features in the  DVD version are more valuable than many other titles' self congratulatory  &quot;behind the scenes&quot; documentaries.
031286504X|5.0|It inspired NIGHT OF THE LIVING DEAD. It changed the way we see vampires  (no longer counts in castles), and practically invented zombies (no longer  voodoo victims). It even made a young Stephen King pick up a pencil and  begin scrawling out horror stories.<br />I AM LEGEND is without a doubt one  of the most powerful, influential and important horror tales ever woven.  Like Stoker, Poe, Bierce, Shelley, Lovecraft and Stevenson, Matheson's work  is mandatory reading for any true fan of dark literature. No movie could  ever (despite two attempts so far) capture the brillant terror of this  book, and no other books by Matheson, although all of them are excellent  (Hell House, 7 Steps to Midnight, ect.), are as good as this one. It is  more then worth the money, for it is a book you will read more then  twice!<br />If you enjoy King, Clive Barker, Poppy Z. Brite, William Peter  Blatty or Ramsey Campbell, you will shriek for Matheson,... and vice versa.
B00003CXIP|4.0|Stand By Me is a classic and true Stephen King book, and one of those movie adaptations that I find highly succesfull unlike many others. The  atmosphere, the city and surroundings are captured nicely, and you're  litterally devoured by our 4 young heroes off on their life's adventure.  Truly this movie gives you a great feeling, and also leaves material for  thought on many things. <br />A remarkable movie, brings back childhood!
076790382X|4.0|Bill Bryson's talent for ferreting out the odd and humorous from the stuff  of everyday life has been entertaining his readers for a number of years.  While spending the better part of two decades in Great Britain, he wrote  travel memoirs (&quot;Notes From A Small Island,&quot; &quot;The Lost  Continent&quot;) and books on the English language (&quot;The Mother  Tongue,&quot; &quot;Made in America&quot;). After he removed his family to  Hanover, N.H., he wrote &quot;A Walk in the Wood,&quot; his hilarious and  sometimes sobering account of his attempts to hike the Appalachian Trail.<br />As if that wasn't enough, he was also writing a weekly column for a  British newspaper, and he has gathered 70 of these into &quot;I'm A  Stranger Here Myself.&quot;<br />As a humor columnist, Bryson shares many  similarities with Dave Barry. He has the ability to see the odd and  unusual, things that we may not see or simply take for granted. He finds  the toll-free number on the box of dental floss and wonders why anyone  would call it (&quot;OK, I got the floss. Now what?&quot;), remembers the  road trips his family made in an America before the chain gangs like  Holiday Inn and Cracker Barrel got to it, (&quot;Visit World Famous Atomic  Rock -- It Really Glows!&quot;), or muses on the suitability of &quot;Live  Free or Die,&quot; the New Hampshire state motto on his license plate  (&quot;Frankly, I would prefer something a little more equivocal and less  terminal -- &quot;Live Free or Pout&quot; perhaps.&quot;)<br />But Bryson has  something that Barry doesn't: attitude. The ability to see is a two-edged  sword. People may not always appreciate what you have to say about them.  Going for a walk on a beautiful day, he notices how many drivers have their  windows rolled up, how we want to shop in enclosed malls, work in  temperature-controlled offices, to the absurdity of dressing up in exercise  clothes and driving to the mall in order to walk there. His visit to the  Opryland Hotel, with its &quot;flawless, aseptic, self-contained world,  with a perfect unvarying climate and an absence of messy birds, annoying  insects, irksome and unpredictable weather, or indeed any kind of  reality,&quot;  reminded him of '50s art in Popular Science describing a  space colony on Venus: &quot;Or at least what it would be like if all the  space colonists were overweight middle-aged people in Nike sneakers and  baseball caps who spent their lives walking around eating handheld  food.&quot;<br />Bryson also attacks the American shopping experience, our  simultaneous obsession with dieting and eating fatty foods, the vacuousness  of cable television and our overabundance of choice (&quot;there is too  much of every single thing that one could possibly want or need except  time, money, good plumbers, and people who say thank you when you hold open  a door for them.&quot; Bryson can be as cranky as Paul Thoreoux, but you'll  take it with a smile.nd Hotel, with its &quot;flawless, aseptic, self-contained world,  with a perfect unvarying climate and an absence of messy birds, annoying  insects, irksome and unpredictable weather, or indeed any kind of  reality,&quot;  reminded him of '50s art in Popular Science describing a  space colony on Venus: &quot;Or at least what it would be like if all the  space colonists were overweight middle-aged people in Nike sneakers and  baseball caps who spent their lives walking around eating handheld  food.&quot; <br />Bryson also attacks the American shopping experience, our  simultaneous obsession with dieting and eating fatty foods, the vacuousness  of cable television and our overabundance of choice (&quot;there is too  much of every single thing that one could possibly want or need except  time, money, good plumbers, and people who say thank you when you hold open  a door for them.&quot; Bryson can be as cranky as Paul Thoreoux, but you'll  take it with a smile.
B00004TFK3|3.0|Tommy Lee Jones and Will Smith, two characters I find diametrically different, but yet spar up great in this fast, fun and funky movie.<br />Fast  due to its action based material (save the universe!), fun on its humor  (Will Smith in a grotesque alien environment) and funky as I never really  get the impression I'm watching a movie but more like a stand up comedy  show with alien gags in it.<br />Very enjoyable... can be watched a second  time!
B00000GJ2B|5.0|Directed by Martin Scorsese and starring Robert DeNiro and Joe Pesci, this 1980 academy award winner is a well-deserved cinematic classic.  It is  based on the true story of Jake LaMotta, a boxer whose bouts in the 1940s  and 50s were legendary.<br />Shot in black and white, with brutal close-ups of  the punishing blows that fighters have to endure in the ring, the film,  however, is not about boxing. Rather, it is about a man whose rage,  violence, paranoia and jealously were the driving forces in his life.  He  abused his wife, picked fights with his brother and everyone else, and yet  somehow portrayed  the person of Jake LaMotta as a pitiful and very real  character who the audience could relate to.<br />We watch LaMotta through  several years of his career, see his ups and downs and his demons within.  The dialog is perfect New York.  The details of the setting, right down to  the crucifix over the bed and the glitz of the Cocacabana nightclub capture  the subtleties of the times.  Everything sizzles with realism.<br />And what a  performance DeNiro gives!  No wonder he won an academy award! Every detail  of his character is explored, from his eye movements and facial expressions  to his expanding belly.  He even gained weight to better depict the aging  and increasingly emotionally self-destructive LaMotta.<br />The wife, played  by Cathy Moriarity, also has a demanding role.  She's blond and beautiful  with a coarse New York accent that underlines the gritty scene.  Joe Pesci,  as LaMotta's brother, is like a small raging bull himself, and the verbal  and physical sparring between him and DeNiro ring with tension and  fire.<br />Applause to Martin Scorsese and the film editor for putting it all  together!  This is filmmaking at its very best.  Don't miss it!
B00002MZ2T|5.0|This is among the best cds i own.  Each song expresses an emotion.  In  Crash and Burn, it shows that you always have someone to support you if you  feel down.  I Knew I Loved You is the romance anthem of the new millenium.   Affirmation teaches about 25 lessons all in one great song.  The Animal  Song expresses a feeling we all get sometimes: the craving to live like  animals and be free to do whatever we want.  Overall, I reccomend this to  anyone who likes great music.
B00003W8NM|4.0|One of the most intense movies that I have seen in a while.  Must be viewed on DVD to catch the little secrets.
6305841861|5.0|When I first saw this movie I was expecting a scary horror movie. And after I stopped laughing , I realized this movie was one of the funniest  movies I had ever seen! Just go up there and click &quot;Buy&quot; right  now! From the 'Hand Scene' to all the one-liners , this movie is the best.  And the commentary is almost as funny as the actual movie! Hurry up and buy  this Limited Edition , only 50,000 copies will be made!
0784011176|1.0|This is one of the worst films I have ever seen, female director or not.  It features a mute who cannot figure out how to deal with an arranged  marriage mate who is insensitive to her needs and another tattooed man who  lusts for her, though quietly.  She chooses the latter after the former  does violence upon her hand -- with which she played the piano.<br />This film  shows what humanity is capable of sinking to, and then perhaps rising from  slightly.  But who cares!<br />Some reviews say it is beautiful.  It is not!   People in period dress slipping around in the mud of some jungle.   Inconsistant jungle cum hilltop jumps make the whole muddy thing seem low  budget, and low concept. Try another film by a different director.
6304711921|5.0|I'm a 15 year old girl,and I just love this movie. It's dark,  humorous and the songs are just great. Jack Skellington's songs are very nice, my  personal favourite is the part when he sings about the &quot;same old  thing&quot; and wandering around with Zero tagging behind him. My four year  old brother loves it too!  In fact, he watches it about 5 times a day.  Please,just do yourself a favour and add this to your collection, it's just  great!
0553213105|2.0|Of course, literature does not have to be realistic to be great, but for  me, it has to have something that is at least so in a figurative level.  I  find the main characters in this book to be rather shallow.  Most pepole go  through life without seeing their pride and prejudice, so how can Elizabeth  and Darcy do it with such ease? I fail to see, other than a nice, happy  story, what gives this novel its value.
B00004R99M|1.0|How could the academy give the award for the best actress in  a leading role to julie andrews,instead of giving it to AUDREY HEPBURN?Only because  Audrey didn''t really perform the songs of My fair lady?Well everyone  should know that  Audrey had worked very hard on her  voice.She was told  only very late and that she would have been dubbed replaced.Well sometimes  the wicked witches win.Perhaps Mary Poppins  put a magic pill in the urns  of the jurors.
6305372411|4.0|This series is wonderful for families who want their children to know what the space program was all about.  Granted, it's a bit difficult to keep up  with all the characters; but it's one of the most in depth, detailed space  program series we've seen.  Extremely informative and a must see.  We had  to force ourselves to turn off the television and call it a night with this  series!  The only reason why we didn't give it a 5 is because there were so  many people involved in the space program whom they discussed which are a  bit difficult to track and remember.  So we've decided to purchase this to  watch over and over again and look forward to our children being old enough  to understand and watch what the space program was all about.  Truly  spectacular.
0767819446|3.0|This movie was pretty good but it ripped off the movie strange days(which is definitly better).  The basic plot in the movie is that this guy finds  his boss dead and then goes into the thirteenth floor.  I know it sound  confusing but its not all that hard to follow if you keep in mind its a  sci-fi movie.  But if you want something similar to this movie go with  strange days or the matrix there better.
B000002KBH|5.0|in 1970, the dead took a drastic turn towards their roots and released  their first bluegrass type album, workingman's dead, in may of that year.  and coming around again with american beauty in october. with jerry garcia  right at home with his country roots(mother mcree's uptown jug champions),  his vocals are glowing the he gold of sunshine. with absolute classics such  as the sad and beautiful box of rain, the classic musical experience,  friend of the devil, the playful sugar magnolia, the amzing and serene,  ripple and the classic radio hit single, truckin, this album cannot be  missed, being the best studio album th dead ever released. Friend of the  devil and ripple are by far the best cuts on the record, but EVERY LAST  SONG on this album is amazing. there is no excuse to miss this album, even  for the most casual of fans. a great start for any wannabe.
0790742780|1.0|Now, this should have been a great film about the (seemingly) futility of the White mans rage in a increasingly non-White society and how this  frustration can be unleashed in fits of brutality, both domestic and  sociopathic. But the movie NEVER displays any faith in this conviction. Its  primary offense in this regard is making Douglas' character less of a  typical White man than he is a typical psycho. It's not just the bad  haircut and pocket protector; we eventually learn that Douglas was a man  who would get extremely upset if anything did not happen precisely as he  wanted it to, who had been fired from his job a month ago, and who still  left his mother every morning pretending to leave for a job which he no  longer held. If Douglas had played a more normal person, than his acts of  rage might have been more challenging (and understandable). And after the  ridiculous scene with the Nazi-survivalist surplus store owner, you realize  that the script has lost it totally, and the rest of the movie simply winds  down into the generic and typical social statement that we've all seen and  hated before.<br />A weak and total cop-out of a film - Forget it.
0140157352|5.0|Fisher and Ury did a timeless master work on negotiation. Simply, precise,  and well structured. It's not about win/win, or win/lose, it's a third way:  a way neither hard nor soft, but rather hard (on the issue) and soft (on  the people). The authors call the breakthrough method &quot;Principled  Negotiation&quot;. The book starts with the problem in negotiation, shows a  possible 5 step method, and spends time on problems and questions to  &quot;Getting to Yes&quot;. A classic!
B00003CX95|5.0|Find a comfortable chair... Close the curtains and turn off all lights... Be alone...<br />Press &quot;play&quot;<br />If this film doesn't lift you up ,  excite you , make you shout , make you swear , make you cry , challenge all  thoughts and ideas on why you are present on this earth...<br />then you  probably have given up already!<br />Please watch this film - give in to your  emotions and then - for the rest of your life - you will walk taller...
6302516919|4.0|Christine to me is one of the best books made into a movie. Yes it is predictable, but in away that doesn't make it boring...I personaly have a  '67 Fury...But the movie was great along with the book. . .and for anyone  who likes gorgous, fast car's and a good horror movie once in awhile I  would completly recomned this movie.
B00000IGGA|5.0|This is classic Tom Waits, except updated with the latest technology and  recording techniques.  If you know Tom Waits, you know there's some tracks  you just almost can't stand to listen through, and others of such  shimmering beauty, it almost makes you cry.  Upon further listening, even  the rougher tracks have a way of burning themselves into your mind, and  you'll hear them resonating in your head at 3:37 a.m. when you get up to go  to the bathroom.  This guy is really a poet of our times.  Most modern rock  musicians claim some influence from the Beat writers(Burroughs, Kerouac,  Ginsberg, et. al), but Waits is actually one of them, albeit of a different  generation.  He carries on the Beat torch, and we're lucky to have him  around.  The musicianship is impeccable.  Every time you listen to the CD,  you'll hear something new.  Just to give you an idea of the tremendous  influence he has, David Byrne and Trey Anastasio of Phish did a cover of  &quot;The house where nobody lives&quot; at Carnegie Hall during the most  recent Tibet benefit. So get this CD, wait till it's late at night, turn on  some candles, and enjoy the magic.
B00003CXDG|2.0|...Mr Woo is well known for his flashy camera work but he went abit over the top with this film. Impossible shouldn't mean completely unbelievable. The effects are, as you might expect, excellent and all the actors do a passable job under the circumstances. I have quite enjoyed some of John Woo's previous movies but feel this film would have been a lot a better under someone else's direction (Renny Harlin maybe). My advice is try before you buy.
B00003OSSM|2.0|Harrison Ford&amp;Kristin Scott Thomas have Great Talent.but this film involving Sydney Pollack is all over the place worth all The Drama.The  Writting is really off&amp;the pacing makes no sense.Dennis  Haysbert&amp;Charles Dutton are Wasted here.this film is trying for  something but nothing really ever catches on.
6302250269|5.0|Themla and Louise is the sort of film best friends watch together and use roleplay to base themselves on the tow lead females. The women are  presented as free spirits who run from the law and develop their friendship  into a remarkable bond.
6305358567|5.0|Elizabeth is deeper than might be thought on first blush, and it reverberates, but not with any simplistic answers to the human struggle,  but with uncomfortable questions, disturbing allegations.<br />Allegation  number one: a woman can rule and be the equal of a man, but she must  suppress her feminine instincts.<br />Uncomfortable question number one: are  women as vicious and murderous as our \\"demonic males\\"?<br />What makes  Elizabeth such a wonderful movie is the uncompromising portrait it presents  of a woman in a life or death struggle while in a position of enormous  power.  Notice that she does NOT become a man, nor take on bogus or pseudo  masculine traits to achieve her ends.  She remains a woman to the core, yet  acts with the kind of aggressive, decisive, brutal intelligence usually  assigned to men.<br />Next question: Is this good to know?<br />A great work of  art should be content to ask the great questions, not presume to answer  them (but see below).<br />Cate Blanchett is superb in the title role and  wonderfully supported by Geoffrey Rush and Joseph Fiennes.  Shekhar Kapur's  direction is without a hint of cant or even the slightest pandering to a  mass audience, and is psychologically true and without any presumption to  moral or spiritual wisdom.  There is no preaching or taking sides.  The  script is a work of scholarship fused with the most compelling dramatic  development, climax and resolution.  The editing is almost invisible yet we  can see that exactly enough was cut away while the essence was preserved;  viz., it is remarkable how we are led to experience the political growth of  the young queen and see her take on the attributes of her father, as  necessary, and then see her seek refuge in the church and a kind of piety  as \\"the Virgin Queen\\" in such a short period of elapsed screen time.  THAT  is film making of the highest quality.<br />Not enough can be said about the  subtle, charming, expansive, vivid and veracious performance of Blanchett,  yet Joseph Fiennes is to be commended for achieving success in a difficult  and unsympathetic role.  Geoffrey Rush's restraint and control in a part  that could have easily been overplayed was highly admirable and contributed  strongly to the success of the film.<br />This is not to say that the film is  without flaws.  The scene where Elizabeth discovers the French duke's  homosexuality is unlikely as staged, and her risque behavior with Leicester  not in character.  Better, I think, would have been to keep him frustrated  and allow him only to play at love; however, today's audiences seem to  demand coitus always.  Leicester's dalliance with one of her ladies was  extremely stupid, but in character.  The co-incidence of her wearing the  acid dress as she betrayed her queen was a delicious if implausible irony.  Further it was not made clear how the queen's commands through Walsingham  are made viable so that they must be carried out; indeed the under struggle  among the ministers was glossed over, although her dismissal of the no  longer effective Sir William Cecil was aptly done.<br />(Of course I can  presume to answer my queries.)  I think allegation number one, that a woman  as a ruler must abandon her normal sexual drive is true, but the argument  is too long for this space.  Are women as vicious as men?  They don't take  the foolish chances that men take, since they can be reproductively  rewarded only by staying alive and securing a stable future, whereas men  can reproduce prodigiously for a while and then die successfully.  But when  necessary, women can be as brutal as Genghis Khan, as Elizabeth  demonstrates.<br />Is it good to know that women are also vicious animals,  when all the time we would prefer to think of them as fairy tale  princesses?  Well, something's lost and something's gained in growing up;  but, yes, it's important to always keep that in mind when out there in the  big world.  I might add that it is sobering to realize that women as  reproductive animals was not even addressed in this film.  Therein lies  another dimension of femininity that needs exploration...that women as  reproductive animals was not even addressed in this film.  Therein lies  another dimension of femininity that needs exploration...
6303257844|1.0|I just finished watching this movie on VHS 15 minutes ago. It was very difficult to sit through the whole thing. The acting was bad, the  characters were 2D; it was like a bad made-for-TV diaster movie. I think  Keanu Reeves was fantastic IN THE MATRIX. But I am suprised he was given a  lead again with this movie in his portfolio. I should add that the camera  work was good. But the music was awful (like Casio keyboard sequences). And  the dialog was just cheesy. I am honestly shocked that this movie did so  well at the box office, even among respected critics, and still gets good  reviews here. I think 10 or so years from now, people will look back and  wonder what in the world they were thinking when they praised this movie.  Awful, shallow, canned, trite, forced, devoid of even the pretense of  reality. It reminded me of Con-Air. Same kind of hoakiness, but at least  Con-Air had a protagonist with some depth.
630416923X|5.0|This superb, masterfully crafted collection is a MUST HAVE for any serious Beatles fan.  It is a nonpareil collection that will never fail to delight  the viewer/listener.  This is such a real treat to have!  It is a treasure  trove of memories and music.<br />The montage of the Beatles at the start of  TAPE 1 is brilliantly crafted.  It is a visual treat to be savored along  with the music.  The collection opens with some rare Cavern Club footage  and the delightful, rocking &quot;Some Other Guy.&quot;  My favorite part  was when Ringo joined the group in 1962.<br />I was quite impressed with the  way the Stones' shoddy version of the  Beatles' &quot;I Wanna Be Your  Man&quot; was juxtaposed on TAPE 2.  This was very effective in calling the  stylistic differences to listeners; the Stones' version is harsh, not fine  toned and an ersatz imitation of a song that Ringo made great.  I loved the  Royal Command performance the Beatles gave for the Queen of  England in  November of 1963.  John has immortalized that concert by telling the folks  in &quot;the cheap seats&quot; to just clap their hands and the rest to  &quot;rattle your jewelry.&quot;  John had a WICKED sense of humor and a  gift for the satirical.  I LOVE IT! John was a natural wit with a flair for  natural expression.<br />Seeing the TV footage of the Beatles during their  pre-American tour years was an added bonus.<br />TAPE 3 was one of my  favorites.  1964 has long been rightfully heralded as &quot;The Year of the  Beatles&quot; and I could never tire of seeing the Beatles' first  transatlantic arrival to America on a Pan Am flight on February 7, 1964. We  are treated to the Beatles' individual wit during their press conference;  we are treated to the now famous Ed Sullivan TV appearances on February 9  and 16, 1964.<br />One's heart goes out to Ringo who missed part of their  Australian tour in 1964 due to tonsillitis.  I was glad to see the film  footage of Ringo rejoining his &quot;mates&quot; after he was granted a  clean bill of health.<br />TAPES 4 and 5 chronicle 1965 - 1966.  TAPE 4 gives  a good overview of the filming of &quot;Help!&quot;, the Beatles' second  movie and Paul tells his story.  The Beatles receive their MBE awards from  the Queen in 1965 and TAPE 5 picks up from there with the 1965 Shea Stadium  concert, the 1966 Japanese concert and the deplorable way the Beatles were  treated in the Phillippines.  George gives an interview about how he and  John met.  My favorite parts on TAPE 5 was the inclusion of the 1965 album,  &quot;Rubber Soul,&quot; and the 1966 &quot;Revolver.&quot;<br />TAPES 6 and 7  show the psychedelic era.  On the 6th tape, friction is evident in George's  account of &quot;Magical Mystery Tour&quot; being Paul's idea.  There is a  bittersweetness to this tape; it includes the Beatles' last concert in San  Francisco in 1966 and the beginning of a new phase -- the pyschedelic  phase.  This is pointed up in TAPE 7 when the Beatles get involved in the  Marhareshi's Transcendental Meditation program and Eastern influence is  heard throughout many of their songs.  Yoko is also included in this tape.  She is a vital element to the group during this period because of John's  strong love for her.  It is this love John has for Yoko that makes the  scenes with her poignant and touching.  I am glad she was included.<br />TAPE  8 is one of closure.  It shows the famous rooftop performance, the drug  busts of George and John and the end of the Apple record company.  It is a  bittersweet tape, the end of &quot;The Long and  Winding Road.&quot;<br />This  is such a worthwhile collection to have.  All we can do now is keep hoping  for another Beatles' collection like this to become available.r he was granted a  clean bill of health.<br />TAPES 4 and 5 chronicle 1965 - 1966.  TAPE 4 gives  a good overview of the filming of &quot;Help!&quot;, the Beatles' second  movie and Paul tells his story.  The Beatles receive their MBE awards from  the Queen in 1965 and TAPE 5 picks up from there with the 1965 Shea Stadium  concert, the 1966 Japanese concert and the deplorable way the Beatles were  treated in the Phillippines.    George gives an interview about how he and  John met.  My favorite parts on TAPE 5 was the inclusion of the 1965 album,  &quot;Rubber Soul,&quot; and the 1966 &quot;Revolver.&quot;<br />TAPES 6 and 7  show the psychedelic era.  On the 6th tape, friction is evident in George's  account of &quot;Magical Mystery Tour&quot; being Paul's idea.  There is a  bittersweetness to this tape; it includes the Beatles' last concert in San  Francisco in 1966 and the beginning of a new phase -- the pyschedelic  phase.  This is pointed up in TAPE 7 when the Beatles get involved in the  Marhareshi's Transcendental Meditation program and Eastern influence is  heard throughout many of their songs.  Yoko is also included in this tape.   She is a vital element to the group during this period because of John's  strong love for her.  It is this love John has for Yoko that makes the  scenes with her poignant and touching.  I am glad she was included.<br />TAPE  8 is one of closure.  It shows the famous rooftop performance, the drug  busts of George and John and the end of the Apple record company.  It is a  bittersweet tape, the end of &quot;The Long and  Winding Road.&quot;<br />This  is such a worthwhile collection to have.  All we can do now is keep hoping  for another Beatles' collection like this to become available.
B00000HZFH|3.0|Let's face it, the only people who write reviews on this dot com are those  that really like something. To be honest, and despite my appearing to have  &quot;no musical knowledge,&quot; I feel that this band is like a  second-string Weezer. Their riffs are all similar, their lyrics are pretty  close, they are they same band, but I personally feel that Weezer is more  polished. No offense to Doug Martsch (sic), as I own and appreciate the CD,  but it is not quite as good as the five-star brigade like to make it out to  be.
630382336X|5.0|I love this movie.  I really do.  It is truly a rock classic.  As a child, I knew practically every line in the movie by  heart.  (This was in the  days before videos and internet).<br />&quot;A Hard Day's Night&quot; was  released early in 1964 and supposedly chronicles &quot;A Day in the  Life&quot; (wrong song -- that was 1967 from  Sgt. Pepper)! of the Beatles.  At the opening of the film, we see them dodging their adoring public.  In  one memorable scene, Paul dons a fake beard (it is interesting to note that  this beard showed the world at large how Paul would look a few years later)  and hides behind a paper.  Sharing the bench with Paul is the &quot;clean  old man&quot; identified as Paul's grandfather.  A feisty, sharp old man,  the man playing Paul's grandfather certainly adds a fair share of mischief  and fun to the film.  He is not too different from his &quot;young  charges&quot; in that he is able to get up to some serious mischief.  When  Paul says HE is the old man's grandfather, one cannot help thinking that  Paul is saying the roles of responsibility have been reversed as the old  man is certainly a handful!<br />Each of the Beatles is a distinct  personality.  John is delightfully wicked and has an evilly delicious  satirical wit!  I love it!  George is more or less the straight man, Paul  the more cerebral and Ringo, the lovable, basset hound eyed drummer who  feels underappreciated in this film.<br />Ringo clearly has a flair for  acting.  He is genuine, sympathetic and believable.  As a child, I adored  Ringo.<br />The movie is truly hilarious!  I love the way the Beatles dodge  their fans by using a car as a decoy while they race to make their train.  Once on board, Paul's grandfather is so unruly that he is forced to ride in  the baggage car.  John cheers up the man's somber tone by having the band  play, &quot;I Should Have Known Better.&quot;<br />Funnier hijinks occur  throughout the movie.  The Beatles sneak out of their hotel room to go  dancing.  Irate at being left behind, the grandfather steals the clothes  off of a hotel worker and follows the Beatles to the club.  Norm and Shake  who play straightmen to their more lighthearted counterparts are managers  who also trail the Beatles to the club.  They are upset because the Beatles  dodged responding to fan mail and took Ringo's embossed invitation to go to  the club.<br />The music is flawless.  Brilliant lyrics, excellent playing  and well thought intervals for the songs in the film all worked.  My  personal favorites are the lovely, haunting ballads of &quot;And I Love  Her,&quot; &quot;If I Fell&quot; (that one used to bring tears to my eyes  when I was little) and the delightful, fun, &quot;I'm Happy Just to Dance  With You.&quot;  I just love it!<br />My favorite part was when Ringo, riled  into action by the acerbic old man, takes him at his word and decides to  &quot;go out parading.&quot;  Ringo befriends a young boy who is ditching  school for the day.  These two &quot;deserters&quot; commiserate with each  other about being abandoned by their fellows.  On his stroll, Ringo fails  at dart throwing, fails at helping a lady cross a mudpuddle (his  Raleighesque gesture got him arrested when the dear lady fell into a  manhole)and fails at convincing the arresting officer he meant no harm.  Once at the police station, the grandfather enlists the aid of Ringo's  young friend and, as you might have guessed, gets past the iron guard and  has the other 3 Beatles rushing to the precinct house.  Ringo is sprung and  the show closes with a delightful concert replete with great songs.  The  Beatles leave the concert hall via helicopter and the grandfather, never  able to leave well enough alone, drops out a bag full of Beatles'  photographs which he [the grandfather] personally autographed.<br />This is  truly a fun, delightful movie.om to go  dancing.  Irate at being left behind, the grandfather steals the clothes  off of a hotel worker and follows the Beatles to the club.  Norm and Shake  who play straightmen to their more lighthearted counterparts are managers  who also trail the Beatles to the club.  They are upset because the Beatles  dodged responding to fan mail and took Ringo's embossed invitation to go to  the club.  <br />The music is flawless.  Brilliant lyrics, excellent playing  and well thought intervals for the songs in the film all worked.  My  personal favorites are the lovely, haunting ballads of &quot;And I Love  Her,&quot; &quot;If I Fell&quot; (that one used to bring tears to my eyes  when I was little) and the delightful, fun, &quot;I'm Happy Just to Dance  With You.&quot;  I just love it!  <br />My favorite part was when Ringo, riled  into action by the acerbic old man, takes him at his word and decides to  &quot;go out parading.&quot;  Ringo befriends a young boy who is ditching  school for the day.  These two &quot;deserters&quot; commiserate with each  other about being abandoned by their fellows.  On his stroll, Ringo fails  at dart throwing, fails at helping a lady cross a mudpuddle (his  Raleighesque gesture got him arrested when the dear lady fell into a  manhole)and fails at convincing the arresting officer he meant no harm.   Once at the police station, the grandfather enlists the aid of Ringo's  young friend and, as you might have guessed, gets past the iron guard and  has the other 3 Beatles rushing to the precinct house.  Ringo is sprung and  the show closes with a delightful concert replete with great songs.  The  Beatles leave the concert hall via helicopter and the grandfather, never  able to leave well enough alone, drops out a bag full of Beatles'  photographs which he [the grandfather] personally autographed.<br />This is  truly a fun, delightful movie.
6302787564|4.0|I recently saw this film on T.V. and really liked it. Michael Douglas' character is not so much psychotic but more like a man on the edge who  gradually breaks down. An original and watchable thriller with decent  acting.
B0000029GA|5.0|This is my personal favorite album of all time. This is what they mean  when they say &quot;timeless&quot; music. Every track on here is great. My  personal favorite is &quot;Memory Lane&quot;, this whole song is just to  nice to explain. Every line in this song goes together and makes it sound  tight. I wont give all the attention to that song because every other song  on here is just as good. &quot;ny state of mind&quot;, &quot;lif's a  B&quot;, &quot;Halftime&quot;, &quot;One Love&quot; and &quot;It aint hard  to tell&quot; just show you how much more advanced Nas is over the rest of  all the rappers out there. If I had to choose one album to defin Hip-Hop  this is it.
6304765231|5.0|First and foremost, I really enjoyed this film, as evidenced by the 5 stars I gave it.  However, there are some problems I had with the film and  the DVD release of it.  First of all, The Crow follows James O'Barr's  original story quite closely, with the addition of some characters such as  Top Dollar's sister the Asian mystic, and Top Dollar's assassin/bodyguard.   I found that the Asian mystic took away from the film.  She was added in in  order to play the role that the skeleton portrayed in the book, but her  feeble lines and lack of acting ability took away from this film for me.  I  also hold this film responsible for the unfortunate current trend in  selling a movie based on the soundtrack.  The soundtrack to The Crow was  well thought out, and utilized much of the music that James O'Barr listened  to while writing The Crow.  Irritatingly enough, Trent Reznor is featured  as well, covering a Joy Division song - the soundtrack should have just  featured Joy Division - but Reznor was flavor-of-the-month when this film  was released in '94 and his popularity sells records.  I was disappointed  to see James O'Barr take his creation and sell it off - The Crow was never  meant to move beyond the initial story, but O'Barr got greedy and now  there's a plethora of comics featuring the Crow, and even a complete  cheese-ball of a sequel that made me sick to watch (see my review of The  Crow: City of Angels).  There's even talk of a third movie, to further  disgrace Brandon Lee's memory and the reason for the writing of The Crow to  begin with.  A TV series cropped up a few years back that the Sci-Fi  Channel is running in syndication - it generally follows the ideals of the  film and I have found some of the episodes enjoyable to watch.  The DVD was  put together nicely (one review said the picture quality was too dark, but  the DVD has the same level of brightness as on VHS as well as when the film  was first on the silver screen).  I was really hoping for some extras: the  theatrical trailer, the interview snippet that was included on the  widescreen VHS, and the unreleased footage of Eric and the skeleton.  A  secondary audio-only track would have been nice, especially with all the  thought that went into both the score by Graeme Revell and the soundtrack.   But the most important part is the film itself, and that is reason enough  to purchase the DVD.  The Crow is an incredible film, and a fitting final  piece for Brandon Lee's talent.
6302968143|5.0|Its very entertaining.. 3 witches did a good job (Better,kathy,sarah).. Thora Birtch is awesome. And dont forget my cutie pie Omri Katz.
B00003CWTI|5.0|This movie is birlliant.REAL!  Anderson does a great job at telling stories, and this is a brilliantly told story. It's very complex, and very  compelling. A must see for anybody!
0812550706|5.0|When some people browse through books, they see the sci-fi logo and are  imediately put off by it, I know some of my friends did just that, but that  was a big mistake.  Sure Ender's Game takes place in a science fiction  world yet, there is much more to it.  Card touches many themes in this book  such as manipulation, isolation and human psychology.  Card's introduction  also helps with the feeling of the book by writing some excerpts from  letters he has received.  Anyone who is similar to Ender can quickly  understand what he was going through the book and can make many personal  connections.  Whether you're a sci-fi fan or not, I highly recommend this  book.
B00004Y9PP|1.0|I must say, I haven't left a movie theatre feeling so cheated out of my money ever. It's been a few months since I've seen it, so I'll try to  recount all my reasons of why I hate this garbage. Firstly, comparing this  movie to the Alien series is an insult. Alien was actually entertaining.  This is a classic example of a movie with little to no plot and all action.  Sometimes that can be good (watch a Hong Kong Jet Li flick and you'll see  what I mean) but in this case it isn't. It starts off with the crew of this  ship still sleeping in these little hyper sleep chambers (can anyone say  ripoff?) and their ship has an accident of some sort (I did say it's been a  few months since I saw it) and starts to crash down on some planet. At this  point the movie is already getting unrealistic. For anyone who's seen it,  remember when it was crashing on the planet and there was a big hole in the  hull? So here's this big hole in the hull things are flying out of it, and  here's this loan crew member, holding on to a pole, his hair not even  rustled by the wind. GIMMIE A BREAK! The movie is full of scenes like this,  and it made me sick. They land on the planet and there are a few survivors.  They find out that an eclipse happens once every 23 years I think was the  number, and guess what? They landed on the day the eclipse happens! What  are the odds?  *sighs* Well after the eclipse happens, these aliens who can  only stay in the dark come out and reak havoc. The action scenes here are  boring and dull, and leave much to be desired.   The bottom line is, this  movie is boring, corny, and a waste of time. Watch one of the Alien movies  instead, I'm sure you'll enjoy it a lot more. Don't waste your time and  your money on this filth. You've been warned!
B00004RFCM|1.0|The quality of this transfer is really pathetic compared to what can be done on DVD.  Has a bad case of what looks like overcompression or simply  poor transfer.  Had really high hopes for this coming from HBO, but their  weekly broadcast (especially on HBOHD) puts this DVD to shame.  Image is  just a shade worse than standard cable, worse than sat, and well below good  DVD.
B00004TRD8|4.0|I have T2 on VHS and DVD but when the Ultimate version came out I couldn't wait to run out and buy it. The extras are excellent and the story boards  and script are something you usually don't get all in one package. As I  came to expect, it was a visual masterpiece. The sound, however, was  alternately excellent and awful. The sound effects were the best. Gun shots  seemed to pass right through me in 5.1. There is a chase scene where  Arnold, on a motorcycle, blasts open a chainlink gate. I heard the gate  blast open in front of me then smash behing me. Other action sequences had  the same effect of putting you in the middle of the action. The dialog,  however, was too quiet at times. So much so that I had to readjust the  volume every so often even with the center speaker up all the way. I have a  good surround system and over 30 DVD movies and have rented many. This is  the only one I had trouble with. This cost Ultimate T2 one star in my book.
6302054982|5.0|In this film, Robert DeNiro, the greatest actor of all time, is teamed with Ray Liotta and Joe Pesci, whom he worked with in Raging Bull.  The  movie is told as a narrative from Liotta's character's, Henry Hill, point  of view.  It chronicles three decades of his life in the mob, from his days  working at a mob owned cab stand in the fifties to his mob breakdown in the  seventies.  The musical selection is excellent, as is the camerawork.  The  use of zooms and slow motion makes some of the best camera shots ever.  As  for the music, it changes with the time frame as the movie goes on.  There  is an interesting incorporation of the song &quot;Layla&quot; by Derek and  the Dominos.  The movie is based on a true story from a book written by  co-screenwriter Nicholas Pileggi, who would also go on to write  &quot;Casino&quot;, also for Martin Scorsese.  The directing is awesome,  and the acting is phenomenal. Joe Pesci in an Oscar-winning performance for  Best Supporting Actor, is the testy Tommy Davito.  Also Oscar nominated, is  Lorraine Bracco, now of the Sopranos, as Liotta's wife.  Paul Sorvino also  is very critical to the film's success.  A five star film, this is a must  see.
B00003CX6P|4.0|I very much enjoyed the movie, though there were some weak links in the  plot.  I felt once again Cate Blanchet was overlooked.  She lost the Oscar  to Gwyneth Paltrow, which I think was a travesty, she was absalutely  incredable in Elizabeth, and I thought Gwyneth was nothing to brag about in  Shakespeare In Love.  It upset me to see her second banana to Gwyneth, but  none the less she shined in The Talented Mr. Ripley with a character that  was funny and easy to fall in love with.  I hope that the academy never  again makes such a flop on there pick for best actress as they did when  they picked Gwyneth.
B00000IAU3|5.0|This Album is unavailable in the UK , and i do not undertsand why . The  whole Album is exceptional , with each track embedding itself in your  memory for a very long time.Dido has a beautiful voice  and is  a real  talent . Definately an Album to give the wife to score brownie points.
B000003TAR|5.0|hi this cd is awesome buy it if you are really into nirvana and grunge  this cd makes me feel like a monkey if you want to feel like that get the  cd and enjoy  with your whole family
B00003CWNR|5.0|I read &quot;The Cider House Rules&quot; last summer, just as the movie was ending its theatrical run. The novel was one of the best works I had  ever read. I couldn't put the book down. I bought the DVD the week after it  was released. I had very high expectations of the film considering that  Irving wrote the screenplay. I was not let down. Even though I hated seeing  such characters as Melony and Angel Wells go, I was still satisfied by the  film. The performances were absolutely right. Tobey Maguire was perfect,  but the real stars of this film were Michael Caine and Delroy Lindo. My  God, their performances were so powerful. They should've both gotten the  Oscar for Best Supporting Actor. I'm still haunted by the thought of  Lindo's Arthur Rose. I loved this film. The basic moral and theme of the  novel was kept and the setting was beautiful. In any other year I would've  said hands down that this was the Best Picture but there's &quot;American  Beauty&quot; to think about, and that's another review.....
6305657939|5.0|I have been a fan of Pierce since Remington Steele!   Ya all remeber that show?  What a pleasure it was to see him in this film - not only is this  one terrific movie (stunts, fun, romance, action, mystery, guess work), but  I think Pierce steals the show, not Rene (even though she too is terrific,  and what I wouldn't do for that little black dress). If anyone reading this  is a fan of his, this is an absolute to add to your video collection.
B00003CX6P|1.0|I saw this movie in the theaters and I have to say I will never watch this  movie again. Yes this movie was that bad that even if I were to be trapped  in a situation where I had to see it again I would through the whole movie  openly admit throughout the whole time watch this movie how much I hate it  making everybody in the room just as uncomfortable watching this movie as I  would be. I HATE THIS MOVIE!!! IT SUCKS!!! DON'T DARE BUY THIS SORRY MOVIE  BECUASE YOU SIMPLY WILL NOT LIKE IT!!! THIS MOVIE WAS SO TERRIBLE I LEFT  THE THEATER THREE TIMESBECAUSE HOW TRULY OFFESIVE TO THE EYES IT WAS BEFORE  I FINALLY LEFT AND GOT MY MONEY BACK ERRGH I HATE THIS MOVIE!!!
0780631684|5.0|This film is brilliant, I was unsure of what to expect of it by the slightly cheesy half-normal, half-grim reaper poster. And came out of the  cinema astonished and eager to buy it ASAP! The plot is great, with good  acting by the two leads (Alex and Claire.) I was on the edge of my seat the  whole time. I loved the whole &quot;I know who but how?&quot; twist. Each  death was done well:<br />Death 1) (After the plane explosion, which by the  way was expertly built up to and executed) Choking in the bathtub. Well  done with water hauntingly following him around the room before making him  slip and choke to death on the clothes line. (The blood vessels in the eyes  bursting was a disgusting but effective touch.)<br />Death 2) The most  unsuspected. Getting run over by a bus after exclamating that the others  should get over the deaths of their friends<br />Death 3) By far the goriest.  It involves a teacher, alchohol, a mains power socket, knives, a record  player, a chair and galleons of blood.<br />Death 4) The least shown, pity.  Stifler from American Pie getting his head sliced off by a piece of metal  on a railroad track.<br />That leaves three, and I wont spoil the ending by  saying which one is the last to die. (Leaving it open for a sequel which is  good, and kind of bad) But all in all, one of the best non-animated films  of this year. See it, no, BUY IT NOW!
B00003CXFU|5.0|A tenacious file clerk for a small law firm, curious about some information included in the file of a pro bono case, purses it and  ultimately becomes a major player in a huge lawsuit involving hundreds of  people in \\"Erin Brockovich,\\" a movie based on actual events, directed by  Steven Soderbergh.  When Erin (Julia Roberts) questions why medical records  are included in the file of a simple real estate transaction between a  public utilities company and some homeowners in the town of Hinckley,  California, she uncovers information that PG&amp;E may have been  responsible for water pollution that may have caused widespread illness and  even death among the citizens of Hinckley.  But truth is one thing, and  having the resources to fight a company worth billions of dollars is  another.  And that's the problem that falls into the lap of lawyer Ed Masry  (Albert Finney), owner of the law firm that employs Brockovich.  Millions  of dollars, as well as justice for those who have been harmed is at stake,  but it's a case of David versus Goliath, and Masry has reservations as to  whether or not he is up to the task; the meager resources of his firm will  only go so far, while the utility could tie them up in court for years and  not feel a thing.  Masry, however, has something else to consider:  Erin  Brockovich, who has latched on to this case harder than a pit bull on a  mailman's trousers.  Julia Roberts gives one of the best performances  of her career in this film, as the sassy, brazen Brockovich, who tells it  like it is and won't take \\"no\\" for an answer.  She captures ever grain of  realism in bringing Erin's story to life; this woman who was down on her  luck, but refused to give in to circumstances that overwhelmingly stacked  the odds against her.  She perfectly conveys the sense of frustration felt  by this single mother of three who, unemployed, and with no help or  prospects in sight, simply would not quit on her own life or let her  children down.  It's a gritty, charismatic performance with a depth that  aptly demonstrates what kind of person Brockovich really is; not a portrait  of a superwoman or a story made up of overblown, feigned heroics, but of a  self-assured, very real person with too much pride and integrity to turn  away from the truth and people in need.  Albert Finney is also outstanding  as Masry, the honest, hard working lawyer who finds his horizons somewhat  expanded by Erin's zeal.  He's something of a decent, regular guy with a  good marriage, small but successful practice and diabetes.  And Finney  brings him to life with a performance that should get him an Oscar  nomination at the very least.  It's tough taking the part of an average Joe  and making him memorable, and it's a credit to Finney's ability as an actor  that he succeeds so well in doing so.  The solid supporting cast  includes Aaron Eckhart, exemplary in his role of George, the man in Erin's  life; Marg Helgenberger (Donna Jensen); Cherry Jones (Pamela Duncan); Peter  Coyote (Kurt Potter); and Conchata Ferrell (Brenda).  One of the best  movies of the year, \\"Erin Brockovich\\" is a well made, absorbing and  entertaining drama, well directed and superbly acted, especially by Roberts  and Finney; it's theme of the underdog fighting for justice has a universal  appeal that will get the adrenaline pumping and engage you emotionally.   It's a great story, with Julia Roberts at her very best.  This is one you  do not want to miss.
B000003S5H|5.0|With the ever increasing frequency of so called 'chill out' music hitting  the high street CD racks, it becomes more and more apparent how good this  album by Dunckel and Godin actually is.  While many of the knob twiddlers  whom Air have not so much blazed the trail for as lightly illuminated it  often seem to share a vision as fuzzy and out of focus as their shimmering  musical mirages, Air have always been relatively direct.  The assuredness  of their melodies throughout guarantees that however high the soundscapes  float they are always within a breathable atmosphere, so that the two  longest tracks on the album, the opening instrumental La Femme D'Argent and  New Star In The Sky, an even more affecting space anthem than Primal  Scream's Inner Flight, are the most compelling and experimental chill outs  here.  Compelling chill out music may appear slightly paradoxical, but such  contradictions are what all the best crossover music is all about, and  precisely why Moon Safari became so mainstream in the first place.  Other  notable tracks are the three singles: Sexy Boy, the big hit which revived  the vocoder and satirised - in French - the overly fashion conscious; Kelly  Watch The Stars, a similarly vocodered vocal with a more-disco-than-funk  accompaniement - compared to its predecessor - and some nice classical  piano scales; and All I need, the closest Air will ever get to a soul  ballad, but not quite as enticing as the other Beth Hirsch vocal, You make  It Easy. Those who think that chill out and easy listening are symonymous  with lifts, wallpaper and coming down may well be right, but if they are,  then Air are the exception that proves the rule. Air take you up.
6301016289|5.0|A great look at the world of stock trading, Oliver Stone's Wall Street is  very realistic.  It tells the story of young Bud Fox, an eager stock broker  working for a semi-successful firm in New York City.  He one day gives  Gordon Gekko, played by Michael Douglas, in an Oscar winning role, a call  on his birthday.  Gordon is one of the richest men in the industry, in a  donald Trump like role.  He gives him the tip on Bluestar Airlines, with  which Bud's father works, and gave him the tip on the stock. Gekko takes  the deal, and makes a killing.  He then takes young Bud under his wing and  shows him the ropes.  He gives him many rewards, women, money, cars, but  the insider information Bud gave him is illegal.  But, if Bud doesn't tell  anyone, then Gordon won't.  If.  The writing is excellent, as is with an  Oliver Stone movie.  This movie came along before Stone began to use the  fast and shaky camerea techniques he has used in Nixon, Natural Born  Killers, and Any Given Sunday, so it's easier to follow.  Douglas  definitely deserves his Oscar, but Stone should have also won for  direction.  This is a must see.
B00004U2HK|5.0|My husband, a man who claims to be deeply unsentimental, adores this  movie.  I just think the movie's great.  I also think the film is  beautifully shameless in its manipulations:  all that gorgeous scenery, the  rousing soundtrack, great lyrics, Julie Andrews' voice, children climbing  trees, nuns with hearts of gold,  Nazi's that aren't quite on the ball, and  who are hated by all the Austrians (be sure to put away your history  books).<br />And, oh, the delicious governess issue.  Maria (Julie Andrews)  takes a break from the convent (she hasn't taken final vows) to try the  world outside -- as a governess to seven children.  The Baron she serves  falls in love with her.  Natch!  The shades of Jane Eyre, and innumerable  other literary and filmic ghosts. hover over the video. The formula just  plain works -- and I screen my child-care providers carefully.  The Von  Trapp marriage (a nice one, but sex is kept tightly under wraps -- after  all, he's a control freak and she's practically a nun) makes for a great  Cathedral scene.  Then the plot, well, thickens.  The evil Nazis threaten  to ruin everything.  The Von Trapps head for the mountains to a new life  (with a brief heart-stopping stay at the convent before-hand). They look  absolutely great as they tromp through the mountains. Curtain!<br />And silly  as some of it is, I always reach for the tissues. Go ahead.  Wallow in this  video.  Live the fantasy (but remember it's a fantasy).  Love the music.   Love those singing nuns and hate those Nazis. Love the voice of Julie  Andrews.<br />But be careful if you're in the market for a governess.
B00000IAU3|5.0|I first heard this on the radio, and was entranced with the gorgeous  singing. I bought the CD that afternoon before I left for Paris and my  french tutors even went out the CD. (They were very sceptical at first  because they rarely enjoyed anything but classical music) <br />This is the  perfect median between both ends of the musical scale and is wonderful to  listen to. I especially enjoyed Track 4.
B0000039LE|5.0|This gripping film, second only to Alfred Hitchcock's PSYCHO in its genre  (horror), invented the slasher genre alongside the aforementioned film. It  is a great film for many reasons. It is masterfully directed by John  Carpenter, it has effective and believable performances by its cast, and it  has a haunting score. This is truly a landmark film, and is possibly one of  the 100 best ever made. Unfortunately, like most horror films, its  respectable image was tarninshed by its many sequels. I give this film my  highest possible recommendation. As for the sequels, well, you can guess  how good they are.
B0000041Q3|5.0|Luciano Pavorotti, the most famous &quot;real&quot; tenor of his time. (  Boncelli not a real operatic tenor, but a nice young man with a lot of  heart, bless him ) There is a reason for Mr. Pavorotti's immense fame, his  beautiful voice, and a lot of charm didn't hurt either. This is in many  ways, Pavorotti's best recording. First, he gets to sing his signature  Nessum Dorma, second he has his prefer partner, Dame Joan Sutherland,  third, he is still young at the time of this record, fourth, he gets Mehta  as a conductor, fifth, he gets Puccini's heart rendering music, sixth, he  gets a really good technical support from decca. So we have here a real  showpiece for the king of all the tenors in his signature role. Yes, I  heard about Corelli, and whoever other. But who has the charisma to sing  Calaf? I can just picture his boyish big smile as he embrace the applause.  And did I forget Monserrat Caballe, the spanish diva? Boy is she good! This  is on par with the Pavorotti/Freni Madame Butterfly and the Pavorotti/Freni  Boheme, and yes the Primo tenore album.
B00004Y87O|5.0|This film is the main reason I bought a DVD player in the first place. It ranks up in my huge collection of movies as one of my favourites because of  It's timeless appeal, pulse pounding action, beautiful cinematoraphy  (courtesy of Dean Cundey), toe clasping suspense, and that Snake is just so  fuckin cool. I heard MGM is goin light on the supplements, so all I gotta  say is that in my book, that's a crime and you guys need a blunt object  bashed into the side of your head by a eyepatch wearing snake tatooed  avenger, because no one wrongs Snake and lives a happy life. So as for the  movie, I respect it with every fiber of my being, and Carpenter has ended  up consuming at least half of my all time favourite films top ten list. So  go do yourself a favor and watch this movie, show it too your children,  show it to your friends 'cause this is where it's at when you love badass  gun totin anti heroes that bleed fools for a living!
B00003W8NM|5.0|I LOVE LOVE LOVE LOVE LOVE this movie! Not only is the directing superb,  but the movie made me think about who I am as a person, what I want to be,  and how other people see me.
0064471047|5.0|I loved this movie when I was a child, so I bought the book for my 8-year-old--she loves it!  She hasn't been able to put it down since she  got it and she asked me to buy all of the Narnia Chronicles.  What a  wonderful story!
0780631684|5.0|Final Destination is definetly my favorite thriller ever! I went and saw it in theatres with a friend and she screamed throughout the whole movie!  It was definetly better than The Faculty (my other favorite thriller) and  it will make a big sensation in DVD! A must get which deserves more than 5  stars!
B00001NFCY|5.0|All I gotta say is DAMN!!!  I bought this album for the song &quot;With  Arms Wide Open&quot; not even realizing how great the rest of the album  was!  I definitely recommend buying this album!  Let's just hope mainstream  radio won't play out the rest of their tracks!!
B00003OSTQ|5.0|&quot;The large cast is uniformly excellent.&quot;  (Variety)<br />&quot;Network is vivid and flashing. It's connected into  life.&quot; (The New York Times)<br />&quot;The cast of this messianic farce  take turns yelling at us soulles masses.&quot; (New Yorker)<br />&quot;This  searing satire pulses with vitality and a provocative excitement that is  forever rare.&quot; (Los Angeles Times)<br />Now these are just a few of the  praises that &quot;Network&quot; deserved. Do yourself a big favour and buy  it today because television will<br />never be the same again. Forget satire.  This is sheer rapportage!
B00003CXCS|5.0|The Sound of Music blends all of the wonderful qualities of a great movie together into one splendid presentation.  From Julie Andrews lovely voice  soothes every fear and fills hearts with joy.  The Sound of Music is  beautifully scored, acted, directed, and filmed by the greatest artists in  their field.     The multitude of great acting talent, composed of Julie  Andrews, Christopher Plummer, and more bring the story of a young lady who  &quot;will never be a nun&quot; and falls in love for the first time with a  retired navy captain, whose children she cares for, demonstrates what great  acting ability can add to a masterpiece on celluloid.         Although the  movie is not entirely accurate in its depiction of the Von Trapp family  that escaped from the Nazis, it enlightens its audience with wonderful  melodies, voices and marvelously choreographed dances.     If you enjoy a  movie that is wholesome and entertaining, look no further than The Sound of  Music.
B00004TRD8|5.0|As one of my favorite movies ever, I just had to get this special edition.   I was pscyhed to get it, however the excitement was not long lasting.  The  movie is of great playback quality, flawless crisp clear picture.  However,  it seems to have problems throughout.  Chapters keep repeating, and after  chapter 49 I just cannot play the movie at all.  I've tried this on two  different DVD players, with the same result.  I don't know if this is a  production failure, or if the DVD is just highly picky about its players.   This is the first movie I've ever had problems with.   I recommend the  movie, however hopefully this is just a &quot;bad&quot; DVD. :(
B00003CWL6|1.0|This was the most ridiculous movie that I have ever seen. I seriously doubt that it would have gotten any good reviews had it not been for the  award nominations that it received. Hollywood has lost its touch!
6305546789|5.0|Why Why Why does everything on DVD HAVE TO BE limited edition!?<br />This is  totally unfair to fans of the film now that the super cool 2 disc set is  gone forever and said to be a collector's item. People, this is not action  figures your collecting, ITS HOME VIDEO!<br />It should be pressed in large  amounts never be numbered like their collective plates with the death star  painted on it!<br />It makes no sense, now I'm stuck with the regular crapo  version I might as well just keep watching my VHS and not buy the DVD which  I'm not until whoever put this out gets it through their thick skulls that  ALOT of Halloween fans missed the awesome 2 disc set much like A TON of  Evil Dead fans missed the 2 disc Army of Darkness set.<br />STOP MAKING  LIMITED EDITIONS, THEY ARE POINTLESS!<br />the film of course gets 5 stars,  the idea of putting out COMPLETE VERSIONS OF THE DIRECTOR'S VISION OUT FOR  ONLY A COUPLE OF MONTHS THEN NEVER RELEASING IT AGAIN GETS ZEROX1000000  STARS!<br />This DVD is stinky, you might as well keep you VHS cause there's  nothing new on it.
B00000JCB2|5.0|I LOVE LIMP BIZKIT(OR CHOCLATE STARFISH AND THE HOTDOG FLAVORED WATER).  THERE AN AMAZING BAND.  THIS IS SUCH A PHAT CD! I CAN'T BELIEVE HOW AMAZING  LIMP BIZKIT HAS PULLED THEMSELVES TOGETHER.  &quot;THREE DOLLAR BILLS  YA'LL&quot; WASN'T AS GOOD AS THIS ONE.  IF YOU DON'T HAVE IT, GET IT! ITS  A KICK ASS CD!
B00004T1NA|5.0|Reading the few negative reviews about this cd kind of tells me why  progresive music is in the state it's in. The core audience seem to think  that every bit of music the artist creates is being made to out do all  previous efforts..The  average progressive listener gives me the  creeps...Ughhh most are probably not, nor have ever been, real musicians  and have the &quot;ok prove something to me,comon I heard it all before  rap&quot; what jerks. That being said...Lightbulb sun is one impressive  cd..I've been a musician for over 25 years and I appreciate it when  someone's style matures to the point where they don't have to prove  anything to anyone, just play good music..As far as sounding like Blind  Melon...Huh? Some people listen and some people hear. I think it's a shame  that Porcupine Tree isn't much more popular along with Discipline, Salem  Hill , and Flower Kings, it's the best of the new Prog...Put on this cd  turn down the lights light some incense and stop looking for something to  be impressed by. these guys who judge a band by how many times they change  time signatures and get lost in technical mumbo jumbo don't have a clue.  Buy it..It's good...honest.
B00000IPAX|5.0|YES, IT MAY BE POPISH BUT ITS STILL PRETTY DAM GOOD! ALL THE SONGS ARE  GOOD, AND BLINK-182 ARE JUST AN AMAZING BAND!<br />DUMPWEED: FUNNY.  NICE  LYRICS.<br />DON'T LEAVE ME: NICE BEAT, MARK DOES A SUPER JOB!<br />ALIENS EXIST:  FUNNY TOO.  TOM'S A FUNNY GUY, BUT SORTA POPISH.<br />GOING AWAY TO COLLEGE: I  THINK ITS A SWEET SONG.<br />WHAT'S MY AGE AGAIN?: FUNNY! I LOVE THIS VIDEO!  HEHE.<br />DYSENTARY GARY: OH MY GOD! ITS FUNNY, BUT LOTS OF CUSSING.<br />ADAM'S  SONG: A SERIOUS SONG! I LOVE IT.  ITS TOUCHING!!!!<br />ALL THE SMALL THINGS:  POPISH, BUT GOOD.<br />PARTY SONG: MY FAVORITE! I LOVE IT.  PHAT BEAT!<br />MUTT:  FUNNY AND GROSS.<br />WENDY CLEAR: I LIKE IT, BUT I DONT UNDERSTAND THE  MEANING OF THE SONG.<br />ANTHEM: I LOVE THIS SONG!!!!!<br />DUDE RANCH WUZ A  BETTER CD, BUT THIS IS STILL GOOD! IF YOU DON'T HAVE GET DUDE RANCH, THEN  THIS CD! BUT TRUST ME, YOU WANT THIS CD TO COMPLETE YOUR COLLECTION!
0790729989|5.0|This the best thriller of all time..no doubt about! The plot is gruesome  and gets you into the movie from the get go. The acting is beyond belife,  with the amazin trio providing the fireworks (freeman, pit and spacey). But  the thing that really makes this movie stand out are the last 20 mins. The  dialouge that Pitt has with Spacey is instilled with social cyncism and  profound thought, it really is beyond words. Well, the ending is also a  thing not to be forgoten, one of the most imaginative scripts/plots/movies  of all time. &quot;let envy be my sin&quot; Oi oi Oi!
B000002LTV|5.0|Best album I own.
B00004XMVL|5.0|This movie realy kept me up. And it`s finally out for sale, but look at that price: $106.99    I guess I`ll be waiting for another few months until  the price will drop. But this is the only thing I can say against this  movie. Great action, great acting, the CGI vas very good. I will definitly  look for this movie on DVD. If you like sci-fi movies with some horror, you  shouldn`t miss this one.
0805062971|3.0|Simple enough, I LOVED the film and thought the book would be worth  reading since I wanted to get into ALL things Fight Club. Including the  Soundtrack which was unique and incredible much like the film itself.<br />Now  I didn't like the book as much as I did the film. It seemed like the movie  just took this book, all the best lines, the idea and concept and made more  sense out of it. The book feels more like a mess of thoughts and events  that don't seem to have any sense of time or cronological order. The movie  had a better over all feeling. I love the story and themes that Chuck comes  up with, but his style totally prevented me from totally getting into this  book. His random words and lack of detail made me feel more like a  spectator then taking a more EMOTIONAL part in reading this novel. All I  did was keep comparing it to the movie, and it just didn't work for me. THe  movies' style, and narration were far superior. It even fixed up and made  some scenes better. (Ie: Having tyler and jack meet on the plane rather  then the nude beach) Taking conversations and getting to the point faster  and the film seemed funnier then the book did. THe book was OK, but the  movie is where this story truly shines.<br />In short, it was his First novel.  And like many first time-freshman efforts he needs to work on his writing  style. But at least he has good and fresh ideas! Definetly a writer for the  2000 generation.
0446608955|5.0|Short and meaningful, the love story is at once predictable and very  unpredictable.  It backs up the phrase, &quot;It is better to have loved  and lost than to have never loved at all.&quot;<br />All in all, a beautiful  story that has particular meaning for me.
B00003W8NM|5.0|This is a phenom. This DVD is what the format was designed for. The menus  are totally in keeping with the film. The deleted scenes are short but  informative. The commentary tracks (There are four) are fun and  informative. The only track that is dry is the technical one. As for the  movie, from the director of Seven, you can definately see the influence.  This is a dark movie with great plot twists. Both movies are psychological  in nature, which makes for some wonderful plot developments. The theme and  message are left to the viewer, they are interesting elements. They may  offend some, or be prone to quick labels, but this is America, that's what  we do. If you've got an open mind and want some serious entertainment with  a interesting message, pick this DVD up.
B00003CXCS|1.0|After a long wait for the greatest movie of all time to appear on DVD, I was disappointed to see that the sound is out of sync with the picture.  You'd think THX certification would mean something.
6305807086|5.0|Well, that depends on your definition of fun. Some people don't like head  trips. Some people don't enjoy quirky comedy. Some people really don't  enjoy the off the wall entertainment that &quot;Being John Malkovich&quot;  brings to the table. Of course that's probably why the film never saw a  wide release. This is an arthouse film that is seeing new life on video.  Spike Jonze has a great film in his debut. I believe it was 3 of the 5  oscar nominated directors last year were debut directors. That's  phenomenal. I think Jonze deserves that recognition. He keeps the feel of  the movie very much where it needs to be. The DVD is great. Good features  and good quality. Pick this up. Go see it. It's fun and quirky, with a  little something to say too.
0671034065|5.0|I LOVED THIS BOOK. I STARTED THIS BOOK ON A SATURDAY AFTERNOON AND DID NOT  PUT IT DOWN UNTIL I FINISHED IT. THE CHARACTERS OF SAM AND JANINE WERE  GREAT. I LAUGHED AND WAS SAD TOO. I BELIEVE THIS IS DEFINITELY ONE OF THE  BEST BOOKS BY LINDA HOWARD YET.
B00000J7JO|4.0|All in all I am happy with this album, but that is partly due to the  single, &quot;Californication.&quot; Beyond this single there are some  really excellent tracks. Maybe 4 or 5 tracks are worth it  besides the  title track. After that I find little value in the album. I give it a four  because the tracks that do stand out really stand out.
B00004STPT|5.0|This is one of those few soundtracks that brings you right back into the  movie, scene-by-scene, almost line-by-line.  I've only seen the film twice,  but all throughout this soundtrack (that I CAN'T stop listening to) I keep  seeing the film in my mind's eye.<br />And, like some of the other reviewers  have said, by the last track &quot;Now We Are Free&quot;, even if I can  keep the tears from my eyes, I still get the goosebumps and hair standing  on end.<br />Fabulous Soundtrack. Fabulous Film. This is the DVD that's going  to get me to finally purchase a player (when it comes out).
0671034065|5.0|Ms Howard is perfect in her latest hard back book &quot;Mr Perfect.&quot;  I laughed out loud several times because of the witty dialogue among the  friends. The honest emotion and relationship ties expressed were faithful  to real life. This is a keeper for me.
B00000J6AG|4.0|This has to be Moby's best work.  I especially enjoy Run On it's different  than Moby's usual songs but it's grrrrrrrreat.  I highly reccomend this CD  I know you will enjoy it.
0780626478|4.0|Leery of some of the films Brendan Fraiser has involved himself with (Encino Man, Airheads)I was suprised to actually enjoy this film. A sweet tale of love and culture shock, I found myself openly cheering for the earnest and naive Adam.<br />While overly cute at times (the young couple are named Adam and Eve) , I loved the attention to historical detail and costume. Walken and Spacek do a marvelous job of playing old-fashioned (but not mean spirited) parents, and Silverstone (unlike the Bat Girl Debactacle)is pretty good as the modern but wistful Eve. It is possible to want a 'nice guy' without ending up with a domineering male.<br />Anybody who wants a modern family movie without religious thumping or idotic puppets ought to check this one out. I thought I had outlived good comedy movies, but this really convinced me otherwise.
B00003CXHJ|5.0|This movie is extremely entertaining.  If you are such a prude at the historical inaccuracies, don't watch.  To be entertained, this is the cat's  meow.  I fail to see how a group of American submariner's, (I was one  myself, only more recently) can learn to operate a German sub in the middle  of a fire fight.  However, it truley depicts the sights and sounds of  submarines.  Gets the patriotism up in a way Saving Private Ryan did, and  ultimately, pisses off the British, who as you can see whine like sissy  boys over Hollywood taking away their glory.
B000031XCR|2.0|Ok, it's a great cd, but.... Celine doesn't write her own music which  really annoys me!
6302517036|3.0|I love this movie!  The darkened scenes, the innocent virgin and the hokey out-of-work vampire slayer make up a movie that will entertain through the  decades to come.  Chris Sarandon plays a devastatingly sexy yet  non-compassionate vampire, determined to punish the naive next door  neighbor, Bill Ragsdale, the hottie from Herman's Head, for spying on his  nighttime habits.  The 80s music and disco sequence, along with the  antediluvian costumes, go a long way to making this movie enjoyable both  for the thrill of the hunt and the inevitable reminiscence of the decade in  which it was made.  Although it conforms to a specific 80s pattern, it has  held up through time.  Enjoy!
B000002GYI|5.0|This, along with Man Machine, epitomises classic Kraftwerk. It is a fine  album although a little less varied than MM. It is, nonetheless, essential  listening. &quot;Computer Love&quot; is pure, mellow electronic bliss.
B00004T9UF|2.0|This is one of the worst albums I have ever heard. The CD starts with the  violent song &quot;kill you&quot; were Eminem talks about raping his mom.  Then &quot;Stan&quot; a story about a fan who kills himself becuase Em  won't wright him a letter. Then song 12 &quot;ken kenith&quot; it's basicly  a three man orgy (witch made me feel sick). Song 16 the prequil to  &quot;97' bonie and clyde&quot;,&quot;kim&quot; is about Em killing his  wife (kimberly mathers). Criminal is just a use of profanity for no reason.  I don't recomend this to anyone.
0060977493|3.0|Roy has admirably invented a rich and engaging style of writing beyond  temporal synchrony. Her poetic refrains throughout the novel are truly  quoteable. However, the theme of the novel, despite the exotic setting of  Kerala, is a somewhat hackneyed one -- a tale of forbidden love. That too  is fine -- however, Roy doesn't really wrestle with the issue of why the  &quot;love laws&quot; exist in the first place. Instead she spirals into a  kind of postmodern relativism that leads her, inter alia, to tangentially  condone incest between twins! Towards the end of the novel, I felt somewhat  disappointed -- all that build-up to this -- if nothing else, there are  genetic reasons why acultural natural selection would lead us to be  repulsed by such actions. Anyhow, this is a good first novel. I might add  that Roy is particularly admirable as a writer for using her literary  pedestal to publicize many important social and environmental causes as  well -- such as the movement against the Narmada valley dam.
630587493X|5.0|Director Chris Columbus(Mrs Doubtfire) did fine job making this soon to be classic film about a robot who learning slowly to be a human. Robin Williams(What Dreams May Come) gives one of his best performance as Andrew, He played the android who lived among the family Martin. His master Richard Martin(Played by Sam Neill) teach him about being human and also Andrew self-thought himself also by reading books and working on his original work of art, by using the old technique. (...) <br />The film is based on a short story by sci-fi writer Issac Asimov. Screenplay by Nicolas Kazan(Fallen) and Great make-up effects by Greg Cannon(Bram Stoker`s Dracula). Nice CGI effects by Dream Quest Images(The Abyss, Total Recall). Actress Embeth Davidtz is best know from her first film called:Army of Darkness, where she played Sheila and she landed on a supporting role in Schindler`s List. Great score by James Horner(Aliens, Titanic, The Perfect Storm). Fine performances from Williams(The Best of Times), Neill(In the Mouth of Madness), Davidtz(Army of Darkness) and Platt(Lake Placid). Grade:A.
B000006U44|5.0|This is one of the most incredible CDs in my collection. I love it. It is  so hard to believe that this is the debut of a teenager. The first time I  heard it, I immediately thought of a female version of David Bowie, but as  I have listened more and more, she stands alone in her own right. The best  setting to listen to this, whether for the first time or not, is in a  darkened room lit only by candles. It can take you to some amazing places.   Of course, it takes me to amazing places every time I hear it, whether it  be by candlelight or broad daylight.  On a scale with 5 being the best,  this definitely deserves a 6.<br />I have seen some comments about  &quot;Kite&quot; being a not-so-popular song.  Have to admit, this is one  of my favourites.  My other 2 favourites are &quot;Wuthering Heights&quot;  and &quot;Oh To Be in Love.&quot;
B000024ZYP|5.0|Thanks to John Surman on soprano sax + bass clarinet and Dave Holland on  d-bass, Mr. Brahem has created another excellent album. The pieces (most of  them composed by Brahem himself) all share the well-designed balance  between North African and contemporary sounds, and reflect excellent  musicianship by the trio. Very soothing, and contemplative, as is the case  in many ECM albums. We'll be looking forward to similar sound adventures  and live performances by the artists...
0312243022|5.0|When I sat down to read, THE HOURs, my expectations were so high I figured  they would be dashed instantly.  They weren't.  THE HOURS, a homage to  Virgina Woolf, is a brilliant work of art which, along w/ THE POISONWOOD  BIBLE, became my favorite book I read all summer.  It could be titled as 'a  quick read' but you are so facsinated by the material on the pages you want  to read it as slow as possible, absorbing every last ounce of it til it is  gone.  For the people who gave this book a bad review, they probably did  not understand what they were reading.  I did, and thanks to Michael  Cunningham I now understand even more.<br />I hope that you buy this and read  it because in every decade there is one writer's homage to another writer  that grasps your heart not letting go.  This is that novel and with it's  strong characters and sensational plotting, you will be craving for more at  the last page.
B00004SCX6|3.0|I wouldn't rate this CD 5 stars because i think that britney could do so  much better. Her first album was a bomb and i thought her second album  would be the same, but i thought wrong. Britney has a great voice but in  this album she sang out of tune and it made some of the songs seem really  bad. The songs which actually go with her voice are Lucky, Girl In The  Mirror and Dear Diary.. I myself am an ardent fan of Britney i think that  is what made me buy her cd.. So if you're her ardent fan do the same..
B00003CWTI|4.0|There is very little wrong with this film. It's remarkable. But everyone else has already written about the film: I'm reviewing the DVD  treatment.<br />I give this product 4 stars instead of 5 because there is no  commentary track on this DVD... I know there's a Making-Of documentary, but  this just isn't the same. I would really have liked to have the commentary.  The documentary is kind of shoddy looking and jumpy, and doesn't really  give all that much insight into the film. It's got some nice  behind-the-scenes footage and all, but it's just not a good stand-in for a  commentary track or two. There's really only one cut scene, and it's just  an extension of Cruise's seminar. The informercial for Seduce &amp; Destroy  is also on here, about 1 or 2 minutes long, from the beginning of the film  when it appears on the TV set.<br />One thing I found very helpful about the  DVD was the subtitling option, which let me transcribe Dixon's rap (the  little black kid who tells John C. Reilly who commit the murder), although  I don't really understand it much better now than I did then:<br />Presence  With a double-@$$ meaning gifts I bestow With my riff and my flow, But you  don't hear me, though Think fast, catch me, yo Because I throw what I know  with a resonance For your trouble-@$$ fiend in weening yourself Off the  back of the shelf Jack@$$, crackers, bodystackers Dick-tooting ni**as  masturbating your triggas Living to get older with a chip on your shoulder  Except you think you got a grip Because your hip got a holster Ain't no  confessor, so busta, You better just shut the f**k up, Try to listen and  learn, check that ego Come off it, I'm the prophet The professor, I'm gonna  teach you about the worm Who eventually turned to catch wreck With the neck  of a long-time oppressor And he's running from the devil, But the debt is  always gaining And if he's worth being hurt He's worth brining pain in When  the sunshine don't work, The good Lord bring the rain in!<br />Now that sh!t  will help you solve the case.
B00000K2SC|5.0|The best thing since &quot;The Fifth Element&quot;,(which I had to watch  like 5 times in my hotel room in Melbourne, OZ). Unbelievably good and even  Keanu comes off a hero although Larry is the king. Still can't really vie  with &quot;Alien&quot; for fright factor but the graphic sophistication is  truly alien it's so amazing.
0782008372|1.0|The rumors are true - the quality of the DVD transfer is simply appalling, both in terms of the sound and visuals. Visually it looks as though the  master was a VHS tape and the sound is just as irritating.<br />The movie  itself combines poor acting with a script that can compete with any  respectable porn movie. But it is strangely entertaining for anyone who  enjoys fantasy/sci-fi/action movies, although it looks dated now.
0375501851|3.0|Ms. Smith is a very talented author, and I'm sure we will see more of her  work in the near future.  While &quot;White Teeth&quot; was an original and  insightful novel, it would have been even better if she had spend some  additional time researching the less-pivotal topics she planned to write  about.<br />For example, in the beginning of the book, Archie's character is  suppose to be suicidal, but, apart from him leading a mediocre life, she  gives no plausible reason for him to want to kill himself.  There wasn't  even a hint of him suffering from a sever clinical depression.   Furthermore, Archie's ex-wife's is described as having a mental illness,  but it is written without any true understanding of such disorders.  As  metal illness and suicide are very serious topics, greater care should be  taken when writing about them.<br />Also, as I have many family members who  are Jehovah's Witnesses (three genrations worth), the JW family depicted in  the book is so far from realistic, it isn't funny.  The teachings, the  terminology, the manner of speach, the name of the organization's  president, the number of members - all wrong.  It seems painfully obvious  that Ms. Smith obtained her information from people who were not, nor ever  have been, Jehovah's Witnesses.  I know that JW's beliefs are  unconventional, but they should at least be expressed with SOME  accuracy.<br />My last criticism is that she seemed to begin to write details  on certain scenes, and then does not follow through.  Although they were  always minor, it made it difficult to 'see' what was happening while  reading the book.<br />I don't mean for this review to be too critical, taking  away from the author's inspirational work.  Let it be said, that I wish I  was half as talented (and young).
B00000HYXB|5.0|I hated this album when I first heard it, but (like all other Bind  Guardian CDs) after a few listens it's my favorite album (besides maybe  Imaginations From the Other Side). Using the classic storyline of The  Silmarillion y J.R.R. Tolkein this album captures and conveys the story  perfectly. From the melodic acoustic &quot;ballad&quot; of a sort,  Nightfll, to the metal riffs of the Curse of Feanor, to the utter sorrow  and misery of Noldor (dead winter reigns) Andre Obrich's and Magnus  Siepen's guitar work is as breathtaking as ever and Hansi Kursch's vocals  continue to prove him the best vocalist in metal. Fans of Metallica,  Testament, Iced Earth, Helloween, etc. will love this album. Just give it  some patience.
B000002WYT|4.0|I have a fairly broad taste in music.  I have respect for classical, jazz,  swing, and alternative, rock.  I have no interest in the starving-skinny  Christina Aguliara or britney Spears or the heavy rap which bashes women.   I think Dave Matthews Band is a wonderful compromise.  The lyrics are so  well written.  Dave may not have the most beautiful and charming voice you  have ever heard, but what he says is amazing.  Such wisdom.  Carter  Beaufort is an awesome drummer.  This band is fairly accoustic, but the  violin parts are amazing and Leroi Moore's baritone saxophone is amazing.   There are no bad songs on this CD.  &quot;Let you down,&quot; is the most  low key.  &quot;Crash into me&quot; is the most popular, &quot;The Proudest  Monkey,&quot; is fairly long, but the band created sounds of the city with  a great metaphor enclosed.  &quot;Lie in our graves,&quot; gives you  something to think about, and &quot;Two step,&quot; has great plucking and  a great beat.  &quot;So Much To Say,&quot; has a great lyric, but Dave has  so much to say but repeats, but not in a negative way.  &quot;#41&quot; has  great parts.  &quot;Too Much&quot; is just an awesome song.  &quot;I eat to  much, I drink Too Much, I want too much...&quot;  it's awesome.  &quot;Cry  Freedom&quot; is all too real.  Amazing vocals.  This is a wondeful CD.   Amazing.  Take my word for it.
6305126062|5.0|Thought this was a well-written, extremely well directed movie - and would  watch it twice just to see the sizzling dance scene again.  Must go now and  take a cold shower.
0440416027|5.0|I first heard about Skellig when I recieved a letter from one of my favourite authors,J.K Rowling.She mentioned it as her favourite book so i  thought I would read it. I found the story very Moving and Imaginative and  I recomend it to anyone of any age. I have now read two of David Almond's  books anmd found them both wonderful. Skellig is definatly one of my  favourite books.
1577311523|5.0|A tremendous read for those of us who are asleep at the wheel of life.
1573226521|5.0|The Beach is definitely the best novel I have read in the past few years.   It has the elements of literary travel, adventure, and suspense all blended  into a thrilling and cleverly-written story.  While the characters in  Garland's story were not developed in any deep sense, the plot progressed  with ample detail so as to encourage the reader's interest in the story.   If you are into roughing-it travel you will probably appreciate this  traveler's adventure gone wild.
068484267X|5.0|McCourt speaks to the reader through his childhood voice in this splendid,  moving, and thought-provoking autobiography.  McCourt begins the story as a  four-year-old living in New York City with his parents and three younger  brothers.  The poverty stricken Irish family is unable to make ends meet in  America and so they head back to Ireland in hopes of survival.<br />They  settle in Limerick where McCourt's mother Angela grew up.  Malachy McCourt,  the father in the story, claims that he will find work and support the  family.  However, Malachy's love of alcohol prevents him from finding or  keeping any gainful employment.  When he does work, he takes his wages and  goes to the bars and drinks until all the money is gone.  Meanwhile, the  family is hungry, the children are wearing shoes with holes, and Angela  sinks into a deep depression but remains obedient to her husband because of  her Catholic faith.  The family moves around Limerick frequently, renting  dirty rooms with flea infested bedding, living on the floors in small  houses owned by relatives, and even renting a house in which the bottom  floor is constantly being flooded with neighborhood sewage.  The family  comes face to face with illness, death, starvation, and ridicule.  The low  point strikes when Angela must resort to begging on the streets to help her  family survive.<br />All the while, McCourt has the reader grow with him  through the ages of four to nineteen.  He shares the Irish tales he grew up  with, the feelings he had toward his dyfunctional parents, his opinion of  the Catholic Church, and the good and bad lessons he learned from his harsh  schoolmasters.  Never does McCourt wallow in self-pity, rather he presents  the facts of his life in an honest, poignant manner.  Despite the despair,  it seems that McCourt has no regrets about his upbringing, for he was a  child and had no control of the situation.  As he grew, however, he came to  the realization that he could begin to change things for the better.   Unlike his father, he became eager to work.  He struggled to support his  mother and younger siblings in his teen years with after school jobs.  He  educated himself through reading and observation.  He set goals and  priorities and didn't give up until he reached them.<br />McCourt takes what  is tragic and presents it in a beautiful, descriptive language that leaves  the reader spellbound.  His story is obviously written unselfishly and is  told to show that triumph can be the end result of tragedy.  Each  individual has the power to rise above and make his or her life meaningful.   This is the essence of McCourt's message.  A message you will not forget  after reading Angela's Ashes.
B00004RJ74|4.0|At last!   All those people holding out for the Collector's Series version of From Dusk Till Dawn (originally released on laserdisc) will wait  no more.  It's here (September 26th) and let me tell you, the extras are  impressive.  Let's begin with the audio commentary with Robert Rodriguez  and Quentin Tarantino.  These two are perfect to make a commentary  together.  Where Quentin delivers his dialogue with a machine gun like  frenzy, Robert talks much more slowly but with still much passion for his  work (I keep forgetting he's from Mexico because his English is so good).   Check this out..the commentary is not scripted.  These guys are doing this  right at the top of their heads which is a lot of fun.  You get a lot of  juicy tidbits about the film and why Quentin never bothered to do an audio  commentary for his movies (Reservoir Dogs, Pulp Fiction).  The commentary  alone is reason enough to buy this Collector's Series DVD.  But then you  get the Behind-The-Scenes Featurette, Hollywood Goes To Hell which details  the creative process and the working relationship between Mr. Rodriguez and  Mr. Tarantino.  Please note: this is not the documentary about the film  that came out a few years ago, though it would fit nicely on this disc.   You also get plenty of interviews with the cast members including George  Clooney, Harvey Keitel, Cheech Marin, Salma Hayek, and Juliette Lewis.   Deleted Scenes and Outtakes are also present, including a few that were cut  because of all the blood and limbs all over the bar.  You get the  Theatrical Trailer and all the TV Spots plus two Music Videos: She's Just  Killing Me performed by ZZ Top, starring George Clooney (playing  Basketball) and Salma Hayek (as the vampire watching him), and After Dark  performed by Tito &amp; Tarantula which basically shows the hot scene with  Salma dancing with a huge snake around her neck, feeding Quentin alcohol by  dripping it down her leg into his mouth (HOT! )  Letterboxed to it's proper  1.85:1 aspect ratio with a Dolby Digital Soundtrack, From Dusk Till Dawn  The Collector's Series is reason enough to own this dark movie and watch it  on a dark night.
0446608955|5.0|I really enjoyed this book.  It reminded me a lot about how I felt in high  school. This book will make you laugh, cry, and bring back memories. I  really recommed reading this book. I was hooked right away.
6304084145|5.0|A perfect example of Omar Sharif's brilliant acting, I wish we could see  him again in big US produced movies to use his rare talent in new movies  instead of losing him again to the Egyptian movie producers.   In this  movies you can see how much this great man can say just with his eyes to  his also incerdible co-star Catherine Deneuve, wonderful movie and  beautiful sceneries and acting, a must see. would recomend Doctor Zivago  and some of his Egyptian movies .
0446608955|5.0|Wow!  I really enjoyed Message In A Bottle and The Notebook, but I have to  say Sparks' novels just keep getting better.  This one was equally romantic  as the first two, but in my mind more heartwarming and less tragic.  If  you've enjoyed his previous novels, or the movie Message In A Bottle, you  are sure to live this one.  A must read.
0671042858|3.0|Since Insomnia, Stephen King's works are getting less and less  complicated, gradually losing from the once-beautiful style and mood.  Horror through a child's eye have always been the best area he writes in,  yet this one, although it is not as disastrous as Rose Madder, is quite  below his average. The plot is very simple, and, personally speaking, reeks  too much of the Blair Witch Project to me. I admit that it is an easy and  entertaining read, butn if you are a fan of his old ones like It or The  Stand, keep away from this, it will only feel like a knife in the back.
B00004T9UF|4.0|When I first heard Slim Shady LP I was so blown away and I figured Eminem must have used up all his creativity on that album. I don't think I was far off. I would consider at least 5 tracks on SSLP masterpieces: My name is,  Two of us, guilty conscience spring immediately to mind. On MMLP the only  one is Stan, a brilliant little gem that makes you remember that fan is  short for *fanatic*. What made SSLP so incredible was the ingenious  structure of the songs: two different rappers acting as an angel and a  devil on someone's shoulder; A father promising to love his daughter  forever while he's throwing her mother's corpse into the ocean. The songs  on MMLP are mostly venting frustrations, and the hilarious wit is missing.  They seem very honest, though,  and fans get a more complete answer to the  question &quot;Who is Slim Shady?&quot;. Other standout tracks, like  &quot;Criminal&quot; and &quot;Please Stand Up&quot; are cool, but lack the  this-guy's-a-friggin-genius factor of SSLP tracks.  &quot;Kim&quot; is a wild six-minute prequel to &quot;Two of Us&quot;.  Bottom-Line: If you must have more Slim, buy it but don't expect another  SSLP caliber record. It's worth the price just for Stan.
B00003CXFU|5.0|As a Julia Roberts fan, first I'm biased.  However, there was a good story  here and though I think Julia Roberts was great for the part, another  equally skilled actress could have done as well.<br />The acting was wonderful  by all, including that by Albert Finney that played her bumbling lawyer  boss; Ed Masry.  The character he played was a smart man, but was not  skilled in speaking.  A scary thought for an attorney.<br />As with many  others, I did find Julia Roberts outfits overly provocative, but if they  were in character, then they were appropriate.  However, what I did fault  with is the endless variety and quality of these outfits.  If she was  single mom with two kids and struggling to eat, her wardrobe never  reflected it.  All of her clothes appeared expensive and worn once.  The  wardrobe person should be faulted here and the director for not adhering to  reality.<br />The story is one of this woman's brashness in resolving her and  others problems.  Erin Brockovich, went to Ed Masry to obtain a settlement  for an injury obtained in a car accident.  He assured her of their success.  Unfortunately, through his bumbling and her appearance and attitude which  did not endear her to the judge, she lost the case.<br />She approached this  attorney shortly after winning the case, for a job, since he had done her  no favors in the courtroom and he grudgingly gave her one much to the  consternation of the rest of his staff.<br />Later on she noted some  oddities in one of his files and asked to pursue the lead.  He  absentmindedly told her it was okay.  However, after a week of absence due  to researching this, he fired her.  His staff was openly pleased and she  left in a huff.<br />Later, when calls started to come in that her research  initiated, her former boss came to her for more information.  Recognizing a  golden opportunity she negotiated for her job back at a better rate with  benefits!<br />Shortly after returning to work she met her next door  neighbor that was soon to become her babysitter and eventually her love  interest.  This resulted in some bedroom scenes were she gave some of her  background and you could understand some of what drives her.  George her  boyfriend/babysitter played back fiddle to her job through most of the  movie and winds up leaving because of this.  You can really see the pull of  both.<br />As time went on she pieced together the whole sordid story of what  went on.  Once the corporate bigwigs got hold of this she received some  threats and leads started to dry up.<br />As a small law firm, they  struggled with the manpower to support and try such a large case.  They  opt to get a partner with more experience to help them.  Here Erin feels  really pushed out.  She struggles against the bias over both her lack of  education besides her trashy dress.<br />In the end they triumphed.  This  isn't quite so simple there are a lot of twists and turns and details, all  well done.<br />Not knowing the personality of the real Erin Brockovich, I  don't know if Julia Roberts portrayed her accurately or not.  However  there is a lesson learned here as well.  If you choose a path you know to  have biases, dressing trashy, working in a field that you have no  qualifications for, you wind up aways fighting to prove you can do the job.  Human nature is that it wants homogeneity.  You have to fit, otherwise your  differences are something you have to add to that hill you have to climb  over every day.  Erin Brockovich chose that battle and triumphed.  I'm  not sure the battles (the trashy dress) were worth the fight, but it's not  my life.<br />The other message here that in today's age, education is  merely a more formal doorway for various jobs.  If employers limit  themselves to only candidates with the right educational background despite  a job candidate's obvious ability, they may be shorting themselves.  So  much of many jobs are on the job knowledge and drive.  Erin Brockovich is a  good example of that.Brockovich is a   good example of that.
6305537798|5.0|I saw this movie in the theater with one of my friends and loved it. For  people who don't like Shakespeare, you can't even really tell that it was  from a Shakesepeare play 'cause it's so modern. Anyway, the story is  basically about four teenagers in high school: Kat Stratford (played by  Julia Stiles, 'Down To You'; 'Wide Awake'), Bianca Stratford (played by  Larisa Oleynik, &quot;The Secret World of Alex Mack&quot;; 'The  Baby-Sitters Club Movie'), Patrick Verona (played by Heath Ledger, 'The  Patriot'), and Cameron James (played by Joseph Gordan - Levitt, 'Angels in  the Outfield'; 'Halloween H20'; &quot;3rd Rock From The  Sun&quot;).<br />Cameron is the new kid in town, and immeidately falls for  Bianca, who is beautiful, pure, and perfect and who every guy at school  wants. Kat is Bianca's older sister, a rebelious teenager who hates boys,  dresses in black, and listens to punk hard metal rock music. Mr. Stratford  (the girls' father) won't let Bianca go out on a date with a guy unless Kat  goes out with a guy, which is less-likely to happen. Because Cameron is now  desparate to go out with Bianca, he makes a deal with the mysterious  Patrick Verona to go out on a date with Kat. But Patrick ends up falling in  love with Kat and everything seems perfect until the &quot;pretty boy&quot;  and professional model, Joey Donner, (played by Andrew Keegan, 'Camp  Nowhere') ruins it all by telling Kat that Patrick was payed to go out with  her! <br />All in all, this was a very good movie: well-written,  well-produced, well-acted (by all the actors), and well-directed. It's the  ideal American high school life...and a movie that should be shared with  others! Go out and buy this movie - I gaurentee you'll love it as much as I  did!
0156528207|5.0|A tremendously good book. The writer makes the story look simple. Simple  words with cute pictures. But there are messages hidden between the lines,  up to us to interpret what we want to see. Children can enjoy the child  story. Adults can enjoy the hidden story. Great book that's sure worth the  money.
B000000OU4|5.0|It's been said that many fans of the PMG, after they've heard one album,  that one will remain a favorite.  &quot;We Live Here&quot; to me happens to  be that favorite.  Six years after following up the enormously successful  &quot;Letter From Home&quot;, Pat, Lyle and company again break boundaries,  and come up with a winner.  The album is very different in the PMG  discography as it delves even deeper into drum loops and samples than any  other album before it.  WLH has been criticized for being too smooth, but  if you take a deep listen it is far from smooth.  On &quot;Here To  Stay&quot; Pat spins a marvelously funky solo, almost recalling a George  Benson type funkiness spots (although there is no mistaking Pat for  George), and the keyboard line incorporates a sly line from Marvin Gaye's  &quot;What's Going On&quot;.  The Group's mastery shows on tracks like  &quot;To the End of The World&quot; with a magnificent piano statement from  Lyle Mays.  After an arresting vocal passage, the tune leads into Pat's  signature guitar synth, not since &quot;Are You Going With Me&quot; has he  played a more emotional solo as he does here, coming to a brilliant climax  with a blast of thunder which reportedly happened during the recording.   Coincedentally, the drum loop used in this track is pretty famous as it was  used in the party anthem &quot;The Power&quot; by hip hop/dance group Snap.   Among other delights on &quot;We Live Here&quot; are the title track, with  the intensity of the guitar synth and groove taking us through a mental  journey of the United States, and the incredible thought provoking  composition by Mays &quot;Episode D' Azur&quot;.  The interplay between Pat  and Lyle here is astounding.  Overall, in my opinion even though I have  many favorite Pat Metheny Group albums, this next to last contribution to  their stay at Geffen is one of their most underrated, brilliant, and  overall best efforts. As always smashing genres making it unclassifyable.   Also what is cool about this release is that in the booklet it shows a  picture of each Group member as a child and their childhood home, as well  as their favorite records giving the listener a personal insight into their  lives and personalities.
B00003W8NM|1.0|okay okay.. the message here: in a consumerist/materialistic society its  hard to find something thats real and/OR genuine. fine, fine. i TOTALLY  agree with that view. i have no problem with that aspect of the film. the  next point: the violenece. again, i do not care at all about the violence  in this film. i have NO problem with it. what i DO have a problem with is  that  this movie is absolutely terrible. the first 20 minutes are somewhat  interesting.. then the plot turns into pure drivel! this movie is  unwatchable!! ed norton fights, stops trying at his job, loses his job,  moves into an ugly house, he sits and listens to brad pitt getting it on  with some random weird girl who has no purpose within the movie, he talks  to himself, he questions himself and his value. and thats it. there is  nothing  more to this movie. the script is poor poor poor, the story is so  convoluted and gets so ridiculous at the end that you begin to wonder why  youre still staring at the screen. ugh, it annoys me that i spent my time  trying to care about this movie when it just plain old sucked.
B00003CWLF|3.0|It's a mistake to think of this film as a remake of &quot;The King and I&quot; better to remember that both films are based loosely on the same  original source. This film does not attempt to stick slavishly to the truth  which is not necessarily a bad thing as this is supposed to be  entertainment and not documentary.<br />The film is set in late 19th century  Thailand and tells the tale of Anna (Foster) and King Mongkut (Chow). The  King employs Anna to act as a tutor to the younger members of his vast  family. The films centres around people coming to terms with new things.  Anna is confronted by Thailand and the King's court and family. The members  of those two groups have to find a way to deal with Anna and finally of  course Anna and the King must come to terms with each other.<br />All of this  coming to terms takes place amidst the gorgeous setting of 19th century  Thailand and is intertwined with many palace intrigues.<br />The setting makes  the film great to watch and the majority of the movie is well paced and  slickly put together. Watching the film, I got the idea that the director  must have been a big fan of the film &quot;The Sound of Music&quot; it has  much the same feel.<br />The acting is good especially considering the  difficulty of portraying characters in costume dramas.<br />The biggest  problem that this film has is that, somehow, it must reach a conclusion.  The closing section deteriorates into something approaching slapstick. It  will fail to convince any but the most unsophisticated audiences and was a  most unsatisfactory way to end the film.<br />The film is OK but it is not  destined to become a classic.
B000002O7C|4.0|From the very beginning, this CD will have you listening and wanting more.   Poledouris does a wonderful job at combining orchestral, vocal, and  synthesized music.  From a Russian choir to adrenaline pumping action, this  album has it all.  What makes this score work is that it is enjoyable to  listen to outside the film- and it does an outstanding job with it.  <br />The  best tracks: <br />-Hymn to Red October (that Russian choir is awe-inspiring,  powerful, determined and simply amazing) -Nuclear Scam -Course  Two-Five-Zero -Chopper -Red Route 1 -Kaboom!!!<br />The only thing that  prevents me from giving this five stars is its absurd short length (about  30 minutes!).  Also, the tracks are all out of order.  Fortunately, though,  it's only 12 bucks.  Highly recommended.
6305657947|2.0|This film has an odd feel. It comes with a very big name star and clearly  a significant, if not &quot;Star Wars&quot; sized budget yet the outcome  has the feel of a typical made for TV movie just one step up from a glamour  soap such as Dallas.<br />The plot loosely follows the original film of which  this is a remake. Thomas Crown (Brosnan) has a vast fortune, an interest in  the finer things in life and strange ways of getting excitement. He is  shown placing huge bets on a single golf stroke and wrecking an expensive  racing yacht just for entertainment.<br />When a priceless painting is stolen  from a museum, he is an immediate suspect. But why? Clearly he has no need  to steal it for the money. Would he want it in order to gloat in a private  gallery? Perhaps the theft was staged just for the excitement it would give  him?<br />At this point, Catherine Banning (Rene Russo) turns up. She is the  cool insurance investigator sent in to help track down the painting. Even  if you have not seen the original version of this film you can quickly work  out that she and Crown will head for the sack. But why? The whole  interaction between the two is played with so little emotion that you  wonder if Banning is simply using her body to tempt Crown into an  indiscretion and is Crown just playing another risk running game for  excitement?<br />Whichever way, the relationship between the two is not at all  interesting and indeed, little actually happens to maintain interest in the  middle section of the film. The two robberies in the film (one at either  end) are really the only eye catching moments and they do not make up for  the rest. If the majority of the film is &quot;Dallas&quot; for the big  screen, the robberies are pure &quot;A Team&quot; material.
B0000214F2|1.0|I already had opinions about Mr. Williams (and his sickness that people  misinterpret as humor), but I made a point to watch this &quot;movie&quot;  three times before drawing any conclusions. Fairness is an essential part  of who Como is.  My conclusion is that if Mr. Williams were really a doctor  he would be smart enough to know that it is futile to try to kill the world  with his movies.  But, in my humility, Mr. Williams is doing an ok job at  it.  During my second viewing, I ruined my new leather sofa with glass  shards from my popcorn bowl...but these are pointless details.  I simply  ask: Why does Robin Williams want to kill the world with this relentless  attack of disease-spore &quot;movies&quot;? In case I haven't made myself  clear--and Como isn't always clear--I didn't like this &quot;movie&quot;,  nor it's disease. I give one star to this movie in the hope that the star  will soon become a black hole. But that's Como!
0449002632|5.0|Edward Rutherfurd is fast becoming my favorite author. &quot;London&quot;  was the first of his books that I read.  This novel is beautifully written  and such a enjoyable way to learn about history. Crazy as it may seem,  there was certain saddness in    finishing &quot;London&quot;.  It become  like my old friend and was such a wonderful escape. So...I ran out and  bought &quot;Russka&quot; and &quot;Sarum&quot;.  I think Rutherfurd  surpasses Mitchner anyday.  I absolutly loved this book!
B000003BF4|5.0|Dan Epstein's review of &quot;Get Yer Ya-Ya's Out&quot; is largely  insufficient.  More than likely he only listened to the album once.  The  first time I heard, I was less than satisfied.  But repeated listenings  reveal just how great the Stones were with Mick Taylor (in my opinion their  best years:  1969-1972).  &quot;Sympathy With the Devil&quot; emerges as  the &quot;true&quot; definitive version, with Keith's rhythm work shuffling  through the song, jazzy and tough.  Then, Keith's ragged but intense solo  is followed by Taylor's lightning-fast bluesy notebending.  Sublime!   Contrary to what Epstein wrote, I think most of the versions on here  surpass the studio cuts (the exception being &quot;Jumpin' Jack Flash&quot;  and &quot;Stray Cat Blues&quot;).  &quot;Street Fighting Man,&quot; the  Chuck Berry tunes and &quot;Live with Me&quot; all benefit from new  arrangements, and &quot;Midnight Rambler&quot; rocks harder with a faster  tempo (notice how it is on &quot;Hot Rocks&quot; and not the &quot;Let it  Bleed&quot; version?).  Along with Nirvana's &quot;MTV Unplugged,&quot;  Dylan's &quot;1966 Live&quot; or The Velvet Underground's &quot;1969  Live,&quot; &quot;Get Yer Ya-Ya's Out&quot; is a primary text for  afficionados of live rock albums.  This album is only surpassed in the  Stones' catalogue by &quot;Exile on Main Street&quot; and &quot;Sticky  Fingers.&quot;
B00004SAJK|5.0|You know who you thought you'd be by now &amp; where you made it or not  you'll always treasure the music from the days when we were wild. I have  this on an LP that is so worn that I can almost listen to both sides at the  same time! I can wait to hear the remastered Compact Disc!
B000002IWH|5.0|This cd is SO awesome! It has so many kickass artists on the cd and it  just either pumps you up or relaxes you completely.. I love this cd..
0440224764|3.0|Overall, I thought &quot;The Partner&quot; was a good read.  I had  originally planned to read the book over a space of about a week, but ended  up reading in it 2 days, because I found that I just couldn't put it down.  I found myself thinking about the book when doing other things like walking  the dog and eating, and I found myself getting excited and wanting to rush  home and read more. I had heard that the ending was poor.  But having  finished the book, where else could Grisham take the ending?  I think he  did as good a job as he could have done with the ending. Summing it up,  this read has made me look forward to Grishams next novel after the  Brethran.
0780626494|4.0|This movie isn't going to win any oscars.  Except, perhaps, for the  supporting roles played by Christopher Walkens, Sissy Spacek, and Dave  Foley.  So leave your brain at the door when you watch &quot;Blast from the  Past&quot; and you'll enjoy this movie much more.<br />I laughed out loud on  many scenes throughout the flick.  It's another Boy meets Girl movie, but  yet with a different twist.<br />Alicia Silverstone looks absolutely great in  her scenes.  The chemistry between Alicia's character and Brendan Fraser's  character was nice and heartwarming.  Look for a lot of goofy antics and  premises throughout this film.<br />With it's family oriented PG-13 rating,  I give this one a thumbs up!
0767903854|4.0|If you are planning a trip to Australia, this book is a must!  The author  describes his travels to almost every corner of the continent, and mixes a  delightful balance of physical geography, cultural &quot;nice-to-know&quot;  facts, and some of the history of Australia.  <br />The geographical  descriptions of his travels around and across Australia are a genuine  pleasure to read.  If you don't think you will ever get the chance to  travel &quot;down under,&quot; then this is definitely the book to read.   Bryson's vivid imagery and pleasant narrative, as well as his eye for the  subtler things that many travelers take for granted make this book the  perfect &quot;vicarious&quot; vacation getaway.<br />The ways in which Bryson  describes the culture of Australia are fun in an anecdotal sort of way, but  if this book does have any weak point, I would have to say that he never  really does nail down the essence of Australian culture as well as I might  have hoped.  Once again, he does give a lot of very nice anecdotes  regarding his visits with fellow travelers and native Australians, but he  doesn't really tell us about the people behind the faces of the  rough-and-tumble man at the bar, the clueless girl at the cashier window,  or the urbane Melbourne stock broker.  What makes Australians  tick?<br />Finally, Bryson has definitely done his homework with regard to the  surprisingly rich history of Australia.  He offers historical overviews of  not only the &quot;white man's&quot; Australia, but also the geological and  biological history of the continent, as well as some insights into the  history and present plight of the first Australians, the Aborigines.<br />This  is a great book, that once again, is a great pleasure to read.  Take a  mental trip down under without ever leaving your chair, or prepare yourself  much better for your upcoming trip by reading this book!
6305897786|2.0|The movie starts out well - good idea, beautiful sets, good actors (Depp  is good throughout) but never turns into something.  Playing the the Devil  (capital D) ought to be chilling and suspenseful, and the movie just never  takes the next step.  That and the music (by the composer who was equally  hit and miss in &quot;Bram Stoker's Dracula&quot;) is in many places a near  twin for the comic background music in &quot;Ghostbusters&quot; totally  destroying the chilling mood (and wasting the excellent buildup throughout  most of the film)  Just not what you expect.  Maybe it's a European thing.   I was expecting a John Carpenter style movie where I'm so scared I have to  turn the lights up and the sound down not because of the gore but because  I'm so scared of what he might dredge up out of the depths of history about  Evil (with a capital E) i.e. &quot;The Prince of Darkness.&quot; And what  was the ending?  &quot;POD&quot; has stayed with me for years - this left  me empty.  I am going to read the book, though - the movie did have some  neat ideas.
B00000ADG2|1.0|I would neve waste one dime on this racist artist.
1558908455|5.0|Some movies are so loaded with atmosphere and works so perfectly you can  watch it repeatedly and not get tired of it. What makes this movie so  great? I don't know. If you pull it apart there's probably a lot of flaws  in it. But watching it is a thrill from beginning to end. This movie does  not take itself seriously and does so with an attitude. This is a brilliant  collaboration between Rodriguez and Tarantino, and the latter knows how to  raise pulp to an art form.
0060977493|1.0|Look friends, I exactly am not dumb! Infact I got myself a masters from  Kansas to prove that. But this book frankly left me puzzled and scared.  Scared bcos if I admit to the world that I could not find it interesting  people will call me dumb. And I ain't a dumbo... Anyway here I am tryin to  be frank at the cost of my reputation. Yeah man this book takes a lot of  PATIENCE! And it ain't the best story book in town. So if you want to test  yourself against confusing language and showy phrases, go ahead. otherwise  follow my advice and avoid this. God knows how these prizes are  distirbuted. I guess it may be a conspiracy against us simple dodos who  look for satisfaction and story in books....
B0000017CA|5.0|No matter how many times I will listen to this cd, I will never be less  than breathless. Listening to the only two Acid Bath cd's really is a  journey. A journey into the upmost of insanity, love, despair, and  hopelessness. Dax can not only terrify you with his shrieks of pain and  anger, but also bring tears to your eyes with the power and emotion in his  voice. The lyrics are some of the most disturbing, but yet, beautiful  lyrics I have ever heard. The song titles themselves are some of the most  original I've ever seen. The guitar work is amazing, especially with the  acoustic. The only two cd's Acid Bath did together were both, in my mind,  masterpieces. Not only some of the best work of the 90s, but in metal ever.  All though all Acid Bath songs are great works of art, there are five songs  that really stick out in my mind: &quot;Scream of the Butterfly,&quot;  &quot;The Bones of Baby Dolls,&quot; &quot;Finger Paintings of the  Insane,&quot; and off Paegan Terrorism Tactics, &quot;Venus Blue,&quot; and  &quot;New Death Sensation.&quot; These five songs have moved me like no  other songs ever have. I highly recommend this band to anyone. Do not make  the fatal mistake of not checking out this band. You will not be  disappointed.
0312965788|5.0|I really have nothing to add to all of the previous comments, except that  &quot;I agree...what a great book!!!&quot;<br />This book is also a perfect  volume for reading at bedtime or on the bus because it is broken into about  fifty short, stand-alone stories, so you can read just a little each night,  or put it down for six months and pick right back up where you  started.<br />Some of the stories and insights just rip your heart out.  His  compassion for animals and people alike is inspiring and will bring a tear  to your eye.  What a great storyteller!
6304981635|5.0|The thing that has always struck me about Bruce Lee is his acting ability.  From sheer intensity to charasmatic cool, Lee was able to convey more  emotions in a simple glance than most actors could with a series of lines.  Like his martial arts, Lee excelled in everything he did. Even in the  cheesy Hong Kong karate films of his past, Lee showed glimmers of his great  acting ability which, if he had lived, would have taken him to even greater  super stardom. Enter The Dragon is a mixture of Fists Of Fury and Dr. No,  as Lee plays a secret agent for the British, sent to a hidden island of a  madman to participate in a martial arts tournament and discover what he's  hiding there. John Saxon and Jim Kelley are also awesome as Americans on  the island as part of the tournament. (You can also see Kelley in Black  Belt Jones, but not much else)  While the plot isn't as thick as, say, The  Usual Suspects, it still has enough story and depth to make it more than  just a simple action movie. And, of course, Lee's great fighting and acting  ability, plus some great characters, make for a great movie going  experience. I wish current action movies could be this much fun.
B00004NRWH|4.0|alright for all of you saying that this is a debut, it isn't, they have a  previous release, that is called curb. Its a great cd too. As for the State  I read a review saying that the words don't mean anything, obviously you  didn't listen hard enough. For one thing this cd has a great variety. I  also believe that every song is worth being a single. The state does have a  down side though its only 38 minutes long, and thats the only reason it  gets a four star from me, but if you think about it, if it would have been  longer it would have been larger than life.
B00000JPH5|5.0|Jim Henson's &quot;Labyrinth&quot; is truly a movie that has it all  !!!Jennifer Connelly is Sarah,an unhappy teenage girl who escapes the real  world with books and fairy tales.But the trouble starts when the characters  from a book become real,including the evil goblin king (a glamorous David  Bowie),who takes her infant stepbrother away to Goblin Castle.To rescue her  baby brother,Sarah must reach Goblin Castle-but she has to find her way  through a confusing and difficult Labyrinth to get there.This really has it  all: fabulous music performed by David Bowie himself,lovable creatures  created by Jim Henson,including Sarah's friend Hoggle,a bunch of pixies,and  many other incredible characters,and a number of dazling sets.This movie  will be  sure to capture the hearts of every member of the family!
B00000J6AG|5.0|I have to tell you I haven't heard one single song by moby that I did not  like. Everything that this man makes always sounds great! THAT'S WHY YOU  DON'T NEED MY REVIEW OR ANYONE ELSE'S, YOU JUST GO OUT AND BUY THIS CD,  BECAUSE WHATEVER HAS MOBY ON IT IS DEFINITELY A WINNER!
0780631684|5.0|What can I say? Final Destination is one of the creepiest films that I have ever sat and watched. Almost ALL the way through it, I was white  knuckled, and the opening scene was presented with graphic, stark realism.  As I left the theatre, I couldn't help but look at my hand. It was  twitching. I guess the reason that I liked this movie the most was that the  killer wasn't some ghost-mask wearing pansy that chopped people in a  Michael-esque type of role. It was death itself. That alone should chill  you a little. If you haven't seen it, the basic plot outline is simple:  Alex Browning (Sawa) is going on a trip to France with his French class. He  has a dream about himself and his classmates boarding the plane, and he  sees all of this weird stuff happening, and eventually in the dream,  something goes wrong in th plane, and it explodes. Alex wakes up in a cold  sweat, and realizes that he has to go that morning to France. As his dream  becomes more real as he is going through the terminal, Alex finally freaks  out on the plane. He immediately gets ejected from the plane, and 6 others  and two teachers follow. The plane takes off, and Alex tells the people  that his fears were because of his dream, and that the plane will explode  in mid-air. Well, soon enough, it happens, and everyone leaves Alex alone  in silent shock. Alex realizes that there is a &quot;design&quot; to life,  and that by getting off the plane, the students have cheated death, and  lived. But they now need to figure out when, and how, it will be coming  back at them! This movie is perfect for every horror fanatic, from the  SCREAMers to GREMLINS. Prepare yourself for an experience unlike any  other...you won't be sorry!
B00002MZ12|5.0|This cd is a must have for any Alanis fan and even recommended for someone  who is not an avid fan but can appreciate quality in music. From start to  finish there is nothing but brilliance as the combination of Alanis's toned  down vocals and her band's powerful and deliberate musical performance is  at times stunning.  The new tracks are well disrtibuted through out the  performance which is quite refreshing- &quot;No Pressure Over  Cappuccino&quot; is beautiful both musically and lyrically.  Finally, the  end comes with an absolutely awesome live performance of  &quot;Uninvited&quot; which is worth the price of admission just to hear  it!
B00001ZWTT|1.0|What possessed Will Smith to star in this train wreck?! I mean even  Independence Day wasn't this bad!  I'm guessing this film is supposed to be  a comedy, but most of the jokes are as flat as stale beer. The breast gag  didn't make me laugh, it made me cringe.  All the actors in this movie play  their parts as if they were asleep. The studio could have saved money by  scouting actors at a tree nursery. Even bushes would be more entertaining  than this.   In conclusion, it made me cry tears of pity for the poor saps  stuck doing this film, writhe in pain at the deliverance of those  &quot;jokes&quot;, and wonder if movie studios let just anybody with a  script through.  If you are thinking about seeing this film,please seek  psychiatric help immediately before you endanger yourself or your loved  ones.
B00002DEQQ|3.0|Pairing the big man with some of the lesser lights ambling about the  charts these days, this CD was too intriguing to pass up. Surprisingly,  it's not the train wreck you'd expect. True, there is some dreck here: the  Cardigan's Nina Persson sounding heavily sedated on what would otherwise be  a rollicking cover of The Talking Heads' &quot;Burning Down The  House&quot;. And Mick Hucknall sounding smaller and less soulful than I  have ever heard him on &quot;Ain't That A Lot Of Love&quot;. <br />Sometimes  though its really swings: paired with The Divine Comedy, Tom gives  Portishead's &quot;All Mine&quot; the kind of over the top treatment it's  been begging for. I have never heard of that group -- The Divine Comedy --  but the lead singer has definitely got the goods. Also, Tom has real  chemistry with M People's Heather Small on &quot;You Need Love Like I  Do&quot;, and with Chrissie Hynde on &quot;Lust For Life&quot;. He goes  retro with acid-jazz pioneers the James Taylor Quartet on &quot;Looking Out  My Window&quot; and it sounds like the 70's all over again. Later, he teams  up with Portishead for the CD's best track, a spooky rendition of  &quot;Motherless Child&quot; (most times called &quot;Sometimes I Feel Like  A Motherless Child').<br />And in some spots it's just funny: Robbie Williams  struggling desperately to keep up on &quot;Are You Gonna Go My Way&quot;  and Cerys from Catatonia sounding positively deranged on &quot;Baby It's  Cold Outside&quot;. And of course, the so-corny-it's-cool &quot;Sex  Bomb&quot;. <br />Thankfully, Tom sounds as great as ever. Next time I hope he  ditches the whole &quot;duet&quot; novelty and just goes for the gold solo.
0790749815|5.0|Sir Alfred Hitchcock was known to be the master of suspense and with the  release of &quot;North By Northwest&quot; the studios are able to allow  audiances to see this again as well as a new generation! Cary Grant was  known to of said that with two thirds of the motion picture filmed,  &quot;North By Northwest&quot; made no sense and why should it. Here Sir  Alfred is able to keep the audiance off balance with the fact that Mr.  Grants character Roger Thornhill, is mistaken for American Intelligance Spy  George Kaplin and taken hostage by James Masons (Van Damme) hench men. If  that is not enough to start the ball rolling, just when Thornehill is about  to clear his name he is seen murdering a delagate inside the United  Nations!  Martin Landeu's character of Masons secretary Leonard plays the  jeolous but respectful right hand man that throws a few suprises Van Dammes  way as he takes his mistress Eve Kendall across the country with him.  Confused? Don't be! With the supurb musical score that leaves you clinging  to your armchair and the finale that is one of the best Sir Alfred ever  filmed in cinematic history with supurb cameos from great '50s character  actors ie Leo G. Carroll there is no reason not to watch this more than  once. Truse me... I have seen it three times in three days and have enjoyed  every moment of it!
B00000DFSK|3.0|Definitivamente, primeramente debo aclarar que me declaro un aut&eacute;ntico  fan&aacute;tico de U2, tengo todos los discos y espero siempre con ansia un nuevo  lanzamiento. Esperaba muchisimo mas de un disco &quot;Greatest Hits&quot;,  sin embargo al comprarlo sufr&iacute; una gran desiluci&oacute;n, primeramente las  canciones se encuentran cortadas, es decir no se respetan las versiones  originales de las canciones, las cuales han sido acortadas. En segundo  lugar considero que han quedado fuera varias canciones de gran nivel,  porque no un boxset con 3 o 4 cd's.........muchos de nosotros hubiesemos  preferido pagar mas y gozar con la m&uacute;sica de U2 en las versiones originales  , creo que &eacute;ste CD doble ha estado mas orientado ha hacer negocio que a  respetar la historia y calidad de &eacute;ste grupo.
B000001ESP|5.0|rush made a masterpiece with moving pictures. the great guitar and vocals,  mixed up with some of the finest bass and drumming in the history of rock  makes for an excellent work of music. song ratings/descriptions:<br />tom  sawyer-5/5: this is one of my favorite rush songs ever, from the  extravagant drumming to the memorable lyrics, this one tops my list for  sure. a must listen when you buy this. <br />red barchetta-4/5: my least  favorite on the whole thing (can you believe it?), and it's still a good  song. the guitar work falters here, and that's all that brings it down for  me. bass is excellent once again. although it would work for driving, it  doesn't for me.<br />yyz-5/5: great instrumental. good drums, and especially  the bass. nice and quirky in the middle, too. something to skip to when you  put this on. <br />limelight-5/5: extremely catchy, but extremely good.  reminds me of night, although i don't really know why...bass is great once  again, probably the best on the album.<br />camera eye-5/5: my favorite song  here. a ten minute jam with wicked synth and more. completely worth the  price of the whole thing. the ultimate definition of progressive rock.  mysterious, yet very intelligent. has to be checked immediately.<br />witch  hunt-4 1/2/5: freaky song. the guitar has reached its peak here and sounds  terrific. a great dark song, and i think it easily defines the cover of the  album. only good at times though, sometimes you may become sick of it or  just not want to listen.<br />vital signs-5/5: upbeat, uptempo, happy. it's  really a good song and proves how varied rush's music can be. i love the  drumming on this one, too. it's some of their best work. <br />overall, a  great album, one for the centuries. it's definitely the best prog record  ever, and it's one where you can listen to the whole thing, the whole way  through, and still enjoy it. highly recommended.
0790749815|5.0|By the time this film was released in 1959, Alfred Hitchcock had been  honing his classic &quot;innocent man on the run&quot; theme for 33 years,  begining with &quot;The Lodger&quot; in 1926 and continuing through such  landmarks as &quot;The 39 Steps,&quot; &quot;The Lady Vanishes&quot; and  &quot;Saboteur.&quot; Representing the culmination of this fascination with  innocents on the run, this film is one of the finest comic adventure films  of all time, one with the pace of a juggernaught.<br />The cast is one for the  ages.  Cary Grant (along with Jimmy Stewart, THE great Hitchcock hero) is  superb, especially in his exasperated comic reactions to his rediculous  predicaments (catch his drunken reaction as the wheels of his car slide off  the side of the road!).  Eva Marie Saint is wonderful as this film's  Hitchcock ice princess and James Mason virtually defines the classic urbane  villian.<br />This is an eye-popping DVD.  As someone who has owned the  earlier VHS and Laserdisc releases of this classic, I can reasonably state  that this film hasn't looked better in forty-one years.  The images are  sharp and clean; the colors are warm and rich.  Bernard Hermann's great  score has never sounded better. <br />The &quot;making of&quot; documentary is  fascinating, especially for those of us who are Hitchcock fanatics.  Hosted  by Eva Marie Saint, it features appearances by Martin Landau and writer  Ernest Lehman, who provide backround on the making of the film.   Interestingly, the first actor considered for the lead was Jimmy Stewart.   One can only wonder what kind of film might have resulted from his  casting!<br />Simply said, this film is a must have for anyone who cares about  film.
6300268993|4.0|Considering all the problems that surrounded it's release (which wasn't  unil a year after it had been completed), Superman II winds up being a good  movie and an overall successful sequel.  There were, however, some problems  that I had with the movie.  As mentioned before, Superman becomes human in  order to be with Lois Lane, and his mother tells him there is absolutely no  way he could ever be Superman again.  But somehow (which was never  explained) he got his powers back through the green crystal that came with  him from Krypton.  Then Superman actually kills/allows the death of three  Kryptonians.  Granted, they were vicious criminals who were trying to take  over the Earth, but anyone who knows the Superman Legend knows that  Superman would never kill under any circumstances.  And then there's a  ridiculous scene involving a &quot;super&quot; kiss that you'd just have to  see to believe.  All of these problems, from what I understand, came after  Richard Donner (director of the first Superman movie) left the film.  You  could almost pin point where Richard Donner's directing ends and Richard  Lester's begins.  But still, the overall movie was very good, and still a  must for any Superman fan.
B000002VMH|5.0|Amazing...simply amazing.<br />If you buy this CD for no other reason than  the elegantly haunting &quot;The Gift&quot; - then you have done well,  indeed.<br />&quot;The Gift&quot; is easily the best song of the CD, but  &quot;Cold&quot;, &quot;Legend In My Living Room&quot;, &quot;Little  Bird&quot;, &quot;Why&quot; and &quot;Walking On Broken Glass&quot; are all  gems.  The less-known &quot;Precious&quot; is also quite the catchy  tune.<br />More mature and soulful than any Eurythmics album, including the  new Peace album (where Annie's voice sounds curiously less polished), DIVA  stands as her best work yet.
0783240503|5.0|Joseph is my favorite musical.  It is an outstanding award winning movie that I would have loved to see in the movie theater.  This version is as  good as any live production.  Joan Collins as Mrs. Potifar is terrific.   This movie has made Joan Collins one of my favorite actresses.  This is the  first time that I have see Donny Osmond in such a great role.  I really   really   like Sir Richard Attenbrough as Jacob.   The narrator did a fairly  good job of telling the story.   I loved the songs Potifar and Jacob and  Sons.  If you are buying this video, you are in for a real treat.
B000021XS0|4.0|the vocals are amazing, simply. i have never heard such emotion put into  the music (especially by dream theater) ever before. the whole thing is  like a play or something, with different scenes. this is something that  should not be missed. song ratings:<br />regression-3/5:  all about dreaming.  listen to the sample, it'll help. don't worry, the rest of the album isn't  like this.<br />overture 1928-5/5: the guitars here are excellent, sounding  kind of hopeful, but very hard edged. i like the background synth noise as  well. great song.<br />strange deja vu-5/5: this song freaks me out. the  lyrics are scary, the guitars are quirky and weird, and there are strange  little sounds in the back to back this up. i love it. not for listening to  in the dark.<br />through my words-5/5: soulful, this song is really melodic  and should be listened to with care. it is really good, but yet very  tender, not a huge arena rock song like overture 1928 for example. it is  still good though.<br />fatal tragedy-5/5:  this is the best stuff they have  ever done. the soaring vocal is at it's climax of the cd here, and the  guitar is just fabulous. you have to hear this. a masterpiece.<br />through  her eyes-4/5: good vocals here too, but i don't like the guitar as much as  on the rest of the cd. not for me, but very listenable. the end is good  though.<br />home-5/5: great, simply. you really have to listen to find out.  nothing much else, except that i love the guitars here.<br />dance of  eternity-5/5: an epic. great vocals, piano, and guitars, plus a few extra  things you're bound to notice. one of my favorites on this record.<br />one  last time-4/5: good, but i feel like there's something lacking. it's good  too, but kind of serves as filler. there's more to come, though.<br />the  spirit carries on-5/5: the second best song on the cd. wonderful vocals,  guitars pushed to the extreme...it's like nothing you've ever heard before.  you have to experience it.<br />finally free-4/5: at this point, you don't  want the cd to end. it is the last track and you'll be left begging for  more. don't worry, dream theater has more releases.<br />overall, i would  recommend it to anyone. it is a good record and should be liked by most  people. however, you may want to buy some of their older material  first...just a suggestion.
B00003CXAY|5.0|I saw this film on television and it mesmerized me.  If you have seen Powaqqatsi or Baraka, you will love this film.  You will never see the  world the same again.<br />This is a must for anyone's DVD collection.
B000009EUM|3.0|Hunting High And Low was full of pop gems, ranging from &quot;Take On  Me&quot; to &quot;Love Is Reason&quot; and many others.  It had a  surprisingly addictive quality to it.<br />Scoundrel Days, on the other hand,  delves into somewhat darker territory, but many of the songs are merely  filler.  Cry Wolf and The Soft Rains Of April are the only stand-out tracks  on the album, and even Cry Wolf is inferior to The Soft Rains of  April.<br />Stay On These Roads is their best effort yet (full of  intoxicatingly atmospheric and addictive works of art), despite the  hauntingly addictive &quot;I Call Your Name&quot; on the East of the Sun /  West of the Moon CD.<br />I eagerly await their new CD, Minor Earth/Major  Sky.  It's been a long time coming, though I'm sure today's rap/grunge/rock  filled scene won't permit any hit singles from the CD in the US.  That's a  pity given A-Ha's generally fantastic songwriting ability.
0590353403|4.0|I initially dismissed all the Harry Potter hype, which was massive indeed.  But since I'm a great fan of fantasy, I decided to give the book a try -  and I'm glad I did. Concise, sharply written, and imaginative, Harry Potter  is well done. J. K. Rowling's writing style brings to mind that of Roald  Dahl, so if you're a fan of his, I strongly recommend you take a look at  this series. A fun read for all ages, from eight to eighty.
0786225955|3.0|I debated on buying this book, but when I found out it was becoming a  movie I was sold! How disappointed I was!!  The fact that she allowed some  doctor to shove her in a taxi and send her off to a mental institution is a  mystery to me.  Along with the fact that she never mentioned who was paying  for her stay.  She even got married, but before marriage she dated her  husband to be and continued to live in the mental institution. After she  got married then divorced she went back to the institution.  Why? The main  character's behavior did not warrant being locked up in an institution and  she focuses on other roommates because she apparently didn't have anything  to say about herself that would seem interesting.  I was just &quot;TOO  THREW&quot; with the whole book.  It left alot of unanswered questions.  It  wasn't all that funny either. I'm going to donate my book to the goodwill.
B00004TRD8|5.0|This is really the defitive collection of Terminator 2 offering some of  the best extras ever. Highly recommended to all fans around the world. I  would prefer the pan and scan version rather than the &quot;matted&quot;  widescreen version because you can see more information at times (it's  true!)but strangely there isn't one. The closest you get is the pan and  scan laserdisc! Still a MUST-HAVE and deserve to be in everyone's shelf!
B00004CWO8|5.0|After having to wait what seems like forever for this production to be  released here in the states and on DVD,all I can say is...WOW!I was quite  fortunate to have seen this production in London.It took myself and my  companions by storm.Friends who don't like ballet were stunned that it was  not all tutus and prima ballerinas.When it was available on video in this  country I snapped up a copy and was pleased that my memory had not failed  me.When I ran across the DVD,I picked it up.To my happy suprise the  DVD,whether it be from the enhance picture or sound it is so incredibly  true to seeing it live.Even the people who I've shown it to who are not  ballet devote's,love it.YOU WILL NOT BE SORRY IN YOUR PURCHASE OF THIS!!!
B00004THAY|5.0|like Clapton?  like B.B.?  Enough said - ignore the critics, they usually  listen to John Tesh.
B00004KD11|5.0|I have this album on vinyl and, it explodes with dynamics that the, latter  Deep Purple lost.  Rod Evans, was a crooner and, Blackmore and crew opted  for a whiner and,a screamer.  The band truly had dynamics and power and, a  production that was first rate.Listen to the organ smears that Jon Lord  uses that, became major influences for, keyboardists down the line.  Nicky  Simper was a solid combination with, Ian on drums.The latter albums became  loud loose and, just plain bad production.  Ian Gillan does not have the  writers eloquence and, Rod Evans was a writer!!  The other two albums after  this one were great but, after Rod and Nicky left the band, Deep Purple  became just another loud band.  Check out how textured the sound is, on  this album.  You won't regret it.
B00003CXAR|2.0|I got this DVD thinking that it would be phenomenal given the underwater  sounds and all. Sorry all, but I refuse to buy something that I have to  wait until chapter 19 to hear some great sound effects that last a second.  My advice is this. If you want to get this movie on DVD because you are  done watching VHS tapes, fine. But do not buy this if you want to hear a  great sound format. Also, the DTS version is a joke. I don't know if it was  just the one DVD that I happened to buy, but it wouldn't allow you to  choose the DTS format at all. Why pay extra for DTS if you can't even use  it? My spouse and I laughed while watching it due to that there were maybe  4 times that you heard the &quot;shark coming sound effect&quot; on the  rear speakers, and even then it sounded so mono. Save your money and don't  buy this one.
0679882820|5.0|This book is a Seuss classic and is perfect for babies as young as 4 months.  The sounds are funny and you can interact with your child who will  be fascinated by the noises you make when reading the story.  Since the  first words for many children are animal sounds, this book helps promote  early speech.  It makes a wonderful gift and is small enough that your  child can &quot;read&quot; it him/herself.  Highly recommended!
0060931671|5.0|This is a short, clever, easy-to-read book. Very clever! Maybe too clever! It's about a woman who maybe uncovers a really, really big conspiracy. Maybe. Or maybe she uncovered a small conspiracy. Or maybe she's just had a wee bit too much to drink. Who knows! W.A.S.T.E. rocks. Just ask Radiohead. Three thumbs up!
B00000JCB2|2.0|This album was way too trendy and Mtv and Radio compatable.  Fred totally  changed the sound to sell more records.  Too bad but Limp Bizkit is just  another victim to the buisness.
630460288X|3.0|Predictable action fare with Stallone playing a super cop from 1996  awakened from an unjust cryogenic jail sentence to capture super psycho  Snipes (also frozen in 1996) who has escaped the liberal-totalitarian  utopian San Angeles (used to be LA) in 2032.<br />None of this movie makes any  sense, but its running jokes are amusing.  The futuristic society is the  apotheosis of political correctness and pacifism, and the only weapons are  those on display in a museum...and fortunately for Snipes' character, the  pacifist nimrods displayed fully functional firearms, with plenty of of  ammo.  Fortunately, this movie doesn't take itself too seriously.  You know  how it's all going to end, and there are no real surprises along the way,  but the running gags (that every restaurant is Taco Bell--the only one to  survive the Franchise Wars--that toilet paper has been replaced by three  seashells, that people receive demerits for cursing) and comic-strip action  are enough to sustain the movie.
B00004TRD8|3.0|The first thing you see when you open the case is a notice from THX  warning that some DVD players may experience &quot;navigational  difficulties&quot;... their code phrase for saying that they shipped buggy  software.  That's a bad sign, and the notice is accurate because the extra  documentary materials relating to the making of the film would not work at  all on my player.<br />I was very disappointed, because the making-of  segments were why I paid extra for this fancier edition.  Seems they must  have been on a deadline and rushed out a faulty product.  That's a shame,  because what is there that DOES work is very well done, and of course the  film itself, both versions, looks great on DVD.<br />So beware, especially if  you don't have a recently-made player.  Unfortunately, there is no mention  of this problem on the outside of the package, or any listing of player  brands that their disc isn't compatible with.  To make sure, you could go  to a store that sells both DVDs and players, then try out this  &quot;Ultimate Edition&quot; disc on the same model player that you own at  home.  It's an expensive disc, and there's no reason to spend the extra  cash if the features won't work for you.<br />NOTE that this is only a problem  with some of the supplemental materials and not the two included versions  of the film itself, which play normally.
1582880050|2.0|Why is this book so famous? Some say for its quality, some say for its incredibly controversial (at the time of publication) sexual content. It's worth reading for the whole *this was banned and mega-controversial and is it pornography or art?* sort of thing, but I didn't think it was believable or otherwise well written. It's quite sexist, and it's somewhat boring.
B00000IL1K|5.0|I love this CD, perhaps even more than &quot;Time to Say Goodbye.&quot;  She's put new twists on some familiar favorites (Kansas's &quot;Dust in the  Wind,&quot; and the love theme from Titanic in particular, although I don't  particularly care for either of these). I found this CD to be a brilliant  mix of upbeat, heartbreaking, and comforting, and it highlights both of her  voices: the operatic one and the &quot;pop singer&quot; one.<br />I found  particularly unusual the opening &quot;In Paradisum,&quot; which combined  Latin chant with sitar. Very strange, but strikingly lovely. The title  song, &quot;Eden,&quot; is a very unusual and beautiful pop song, which  also has interesting background chanting. I can't help but picture rows and  rows of robed monks doing &quot;The Egyptian&quot; while she sings. (Fans  of Steve Martin will get this reference.) &quot;So Many Things&quot; is  sung very sweetly in a voice that reminds me a great deal of Olivia  Newton-John when she was at her peak voice. She also uses that beautiful  and sweet ONJ voice in &quot;Only an Ocean Away.&quot; <br />&quot;Anytime,  Anywhere&quot; feels very &quot;pop-like,&quot; but she uses an opera-like  voice and great background percussion to excellent effect.  I found her  rendition of &quot;Dust In the Wind&quot; to be very blah. Kansas did it  better. Very disappointing. Her version of &quot;My Heart Will Go On&quot;  from Titanic (Il Mio Cuore Va) is very ethereal and dreamlike, sweet, and  displays great vocal range. But, I still prefer Celine's version. However,  it does have great orchestration. I suggest a new Grammy awards category:  &quot;Best use of an Oboe in a Pop Song.&quot; <br />&quot;Deliver Me,&quot;  another pop song, is also very sweetly sung. Each successive verse builds  layer upon layer of vocals and strings, building up to a nice harmonious  crescendo. The background choir has an interesting &quot;ethnic&quot;  sound. This is one of my favorite Sarah songs, and I don'tknow why. It's  just great.  Her operatic cuts, &quot;Nella Fantasia,&quot; &quot;Lascia  Ch'io Pianga,&quot; and &quot;Nessun Dorma,&quot; are all breathtaking. In  particular, I liked &quot;Nessun Dorma.&quot; It's unusual to hear this  piece from a soprano, but I personally think it's the best version of it  I've ever heard. Absolutely heart-ripping and gut-wrenching. It's my  favorite cut on the album.  Third place goes to &quot;The Last Words You  Said.&quot; This is one of the sweetest love songs I've ever heard.  <br />I  can't imagine any fan of beautiful singing would want to miss this album.  Listen to it with your love mate, surrounded by scented candles.
B000009QPG|5.0|Slayer is amazing. In my opinion they are, were, and always will be the  ultimate metal band. On this set they tear through ten songs life a knife  through hot butter. The songs are longer and the lyrics are better than on  the Rain In Blood set. Dead Skin Mask is scary and intence at the same  time. The haunting title track may be the best though. Slayer is still the  scaryiest band in the world and this record hasn't aged a day since its  release.
0446608955|3.0|The tone in the beginning was light and highly entertaining.  It was great  fun to get inside a 17-year old's head and see his insecurities and  self-lacking insights in view of his powerful father, and perfect best  friend.  Landon's wit was crisp and I found him to be a very likeable  character.  Even his unlikely relationship with Jamie was believable.  But  then Jamie dropped that line:  &quot;I'm dying,&quot; and I felt like I had  been jettisoned into the middle of a bad GENERAL HOSPITAL episode.  From  there on out, I was no longer involved in the story, but felt like I was  peering over Mr. Sparks' shoulder at his computer as he typed out the rest  of his book.  It lost it's dimension and became very flat.  He was right,  however.  I did laugh with him in the beginning.  But not too many tears  were shed.  I was hoping for something more creative than the usual death  scene.
B00003CX5A|5.0|This movie is awesome, nice and dark the way it should be made.
0451526384|1.0|Chinese water torture? Sounds like a welcome diversion from this boring  redundant work of &quot;art&quot; to me. I feel for the trees that were  wasted in the process of creating this horrendously boring soap opera in  paperback. It is possible that I missed something while reading this work  because I spent most of the time trying to stay awake. However, in the  future if I want to read something of this caliber I would write NBC and  ask for the script of their least watched daytime &quot;soap&quot;. In  conclusion, not only do I NOT recommend this novel, but I pledge to do my  best to begin an anti-Persuasion League, to prevent the widespread  development of narcolepsy in high school students who are forced to read  worthlessly painful novels.
6304711905|5.0|This movie was the most acuratly , factual western ever produced. the lives of the people portrayed , were historically true. the acting was  first class , and the setting was perfect.     if your looking for a  western movie that thats tells the entire true story , this your best bet.
B00004SCX6|4.0|I do have to admit that the cd is not the best out there but it is truly  not as horrible as what some people are saying. The only people who are  writing the bad reviews are people who think that Kiss and Rage Against The  Machine are actually musical.  At least you can understand the words that  she is singing. Yes, most of the songs are repetitive but you aren't able  to tell if Kiss is repeating the same lyrics over and over again because  you can't understand them. <br />The only reason that I'm writing this because  I want to make sure that none of you are paying attention to the reviews  that are surrounding me. The people who wrote them are stoned, punk kids  who will one day go deaf in both ears if they keep on listening to their  type of music. <br />The cd is doing extremely well on the billboards so that  has to mean something.
B00003W8NM|5.0|A lot of critics gave this movie the finger by saying it was awful and to  &quot;violent&quot; etc. Well Even though they say that, I still watched it  and rather enjoyed it. The ending shocked me and I didn't even know it  would end like that.
0345438205|3.0|The only reason to read this book is to see Clarke's science predictions  for the next 1000 years, which are very interesting. Also of interest are  the notes at the back of the book, where Clarke expands on some of the  technology he's describing in each chapter. Clarke has never been a great  charactor developer, but the 1-dimensional portrayal of Frank Poole is  really disappointing. Clarke throws in a paragraph about how Poole suddenly  realizes that he'll never see his dog or his brother (in that order) again,  but otherwise, Poole is completely (and unbelievably) well adjusted after  his 1000-year sleep. The story in the second half about the monoliths and  Dave builds nicely with suspense, but the ending is quick, easy, and  1-dimensional. This book is quite short. It's a real shame Clarke didn't  spend more time on it to double the legnth to put some flesh on it and come  up with a more thoughtful ending.
B000002KHH|5.0|The Four Horsemen of the Apocalypse dance a merry jig while wielding  instruments of mass destruction!!<br />For my money this is the band and album  to which all &quot;metalheads&quot; owe their beginning - in the  &quot;family tree&quot; of metal they reside at the top. WHOA LORD YEAH!!
B00003CXGG|3.0|Jet Li did really well at acting in this movie, and it's not his fault  that the editing needs work.  Alliyah and DMX also did a good job for a  music artist celebrity, I mean, look at how bad Shaq (Shaq had a very bad  rap albumn out) was at acting and look at them.  The storyline is exciting,  and it is good that this movie doesn't promote racism, but rather promotes  unity.  The fights could be a little better, but this movie has Hella funny  scenes!  The editing...  Well, the movie sometimes looks like a 1960 Peter  Pan Broadway show, as it looks like the characters are held by strings.   Considering that the studio spent most of their money gettind DMX and  Alliyah and didn't have a lot left for the graphics, they did an adequate  job of what they had with them.  Good luck next time Jet Li.
0345438205|3.0|The only reason to read this book is to see Clarke's science predictions  for the next 1000 years, which are very interesting. Also of interest are  the notes at the back of the book, where Clarke expands on some of the  technology he's describing in each chapter. Clarke has never been a great  charactor developer, but the 1-dimensional portrayal of Frank Poole is  really disappointing. Clarke throws in a paragraph about how Poole suddenly  realizes that he'll never see his dog or his brother (in that order) again,  but otherwise, Poole is completely (and unbelievably) well adjusted after  his 1000-year sleep. The story in the second half about the monoliths and  Dave builds nicely with suspense, but the ending is quick, easy, and  1-dimensional. This book is quite short. It's a real shame Clarke didn't  spend more time on it to double the legnth to put some flesh on it and come  up with a more thoughtful ending.
6304981635|5.0|Bruce Lee was The Dragon, Bruce Lee was the greatest martial artist ever!   His technique better than every GREAT martial artist there is:  Jet Li,  Jackie Chan, Billy Han, and Tommy Lee.  Notice I didn't say Chuck Norris or  Steve Blackman, since they are posers.  Not only is Bruce Lee quick, well,  he's awesome.  His kicks were faster than what the camera's framerate could  handle, and his punches were a blur on screen.  This DVD not only gets the  video quality a little better, but has very good extra features that the  VHS versions don't have.  Watch out for Jackie Chan and Sammo in the movie!
B000002MFQ|5.0|During the 65 minute piece you can hear Tubular Bells 1 come along, only  played with different notes, styles and instruments. On one hand this album  can be considered as almost the same as TB1 and therefore copywork. But on  the other hand, listening to it as a non-comparing Mike-fan, I find him  here to be compared with composers as Beethoven, Mahler as well as Vangelis  and J.M.Jarre and so on. The arrangements truly take you away to  dreamland... Best parts are the whole first part, Tattoo and Altered State.  Maybe the cowboyish last theme is a little too small for ending such a  major composition, and the great Reprise of The Bell as played on the 1992  Edinburgh concert should be more suitable. But that's just a minor  minority. GREAT MUSIC!!!
B00004TRD8|3.0|I just watched this great DVD. The picture quality is awsome. When I  opened the disc, there is a little note from THX program saying that the  complicated program might cause some problem, but never on the feature  presentation.....I have a question about it.  When I played the disc on DTS  and Dolby Digital EX, the sound paused at the end of the movie in chapter  77, the scene when Schwarzenegger throw himself into the magma and his  function is completely terminated.  It was O.K on Dolby surround, but each  time I play back on DTS or Dolby Digital, this problem occurs. Am I the  only one who has this problem?
B000002MZ6|2.0|I've heard him play a few songs of this should-be-great album on the  Rotterdam 1999 Then And Now concert but after hearing it, as an Oldfield  fan, I immediately decided I had heard the whole CD... Where are the  rocksongs and good arrangements gone? Never thought Mike would go the  tranquill way. Sorry Mike, but I've heard better stuff from you (such as  Tub Bells 1 and 2, Guitars, Crises, Five Miles Out, Ommadawn, Earth  Moving).
B00004U5SC|5.0|This is one of the classic movies that every Western movie fan should see  and own if possible. However, you should know that this particular DVD  release is a pan and scan version not wide screen version. Paramount, big  big shame on you!
0061002860|4.0|Personally, I come from the Sherlock Holmes school of detective fiction,  but I found The Murder of Roger Ackroyd highly entertaining. What makes the  story enjoyable is that there are many extraneous sub-plots that confound  the mystery and draw attention away from the actual murder. Each chapter  reveals a new twist in the plot which only seems to add to the list of  suspects. The most enjoyable aspect of the book is the rather unexpected  and unconventional ending. As it turns out, a seemingly minute and  overlooked detail turns out to be the case cracker for Hercule Poirot. If I  had any complaint about this book, it would be about Poirot himself. Being  somewhat biased towards the Sherlock Holmes character, I was somewhat  stunned at Poirot's abrasive lack of modesty. Holmes is not modest, but  this is because he believes modesty interferes with one's own mental  processes. Poirot's seems to use his egocentric attitude to bully his  suspects. He claims to know all, but much of this so-called knowledge seems  more like guesswork. But as a whole, I liked the novel, because all the  cards were on the table and I was capable of putting the pieces together  myself (although I did so just a paragraph before the murderer was actually  revealed). I you have any free time (which I have a lot of or I wouldn't be  writing this review), read this book. You will probably like it. If you  don't you will at least appreciate the work done by Christie to pull this  story off.
B00001NFCY|2.0|There seems to be a number of contentious issues raised regarding this  album. They seem to take a number of similar forms; it seems that a lot of  reviewers state that Creed is the best band ever; a lot of reviewers state  that Creed is the worst band in the world; some people complain that Creed  are nothing more than a thiny veiled &quot;christian rock&quot; band; some  people complain that they are highly derivitative of such bands as Pearl  Jam, STP, Alice in Chains, and (much to the authors amusement)to  Soundgarden.<br />Well. Let's Start at the beginning. Are Creed the best band  in the world? In order to answer this I will need to sight some form of  examples of greatness. Are they as good as ... let us say, Sir Edmund  Hillary, or Albert Elinstein, do they pioneer the music industry so that  there is no going back; are they the Beatles? Are they Shakespear? The  answer would have to be a quilified no. No, they are not.<br />Are they the  worst band in the world. Are they Edward Wood Jr.? No, I don't think so.  Are they as bad as Britney Spears, NSynch, or other &quot;pop&quot; idol?  Yeah. They probably are.<br />I brought Human Clay earlier this year. I  brought it because i was going to a creed concert that was to be held in my  city in about a week or so. I went to the concert with an expected negative  point of view and my fears were nothing but confirmed as I listened to  Creed play for over an hour.<br />So what is wrong? Many people bring up the  view that both this album and Pearl Jam's Ten are very similar. Some people  say that Scott Stapp sounds like Eddie Vedder/Jim Morrison. I don't  understand the connection. Eddie Vedder and Jim Morrison have significantly  more vocal range than Mr. Stapp has shown, and unless the songs of Ten  sound reminiscent and direvitative of themselves then I am once again lost  as to why there is this comparison. And here in lies the problem of Creed.  They are simply boring. Mind Numblingly boring.  For example theLyrics:  &quot;Well I just heard the news today, it seems my life is going to  change, i closed my eyes, begin to pray, then tears of joy stream down my  face&quot; or &quot;I can't find the rhyme in all my reason, i've lost  sense of time and all season&quot;  Yes,very good your wife is pregnant and  you're happy and so what! And what is this rhyme stuff. Oh for god's sake.  If you want christian music listen to Ben Harper (p.s. i am not a  christian)as i do, Musically stunning and Lyrically beautifull. Listen to  Pearl Jam, Alice in Chains, Tom Waits, Ween, Placebo, Grant Lee Buffalo,  Eels, Ben Folds Five, Gomez, Grandaddy, Geneva, Longpigs, Heather Nova,  Radiohead, Nine Inch Nails, The Afghan Whigs,Pink Floyd, Lou Reed, REM,  Mercury Rev, Shihad, HLAH, Tadpole, Beck, Eenie Meenie,Red Hot Chilli  Peppers, verve, syd barrett, Roger Waters, The Tea Party, Soul Asylum,  Manic Street Preachers, Marylin Manson, Neil Young, Buffalo Springfield,Rob  Zombie, Smashing Pumpkins, Reguirtator, The Feelers, Zed, Type O Negative  and even Crowded House if you must. Anything but Creed, they are unoriginal  and that is the greatest crime of all. [And for all those people that gave  this album 5 stars and then preceeded to say that a lot of the songs  sounded similar...well, i mean have you visited the planet earth any time  lately?] Be Seeing You
0790749998|3.0|Romeo must Die takes little to no advantage of theShakespearean template it claims to be inspired by (Romeo and Juliet). Aside from its pitting Asian American mafia and African American gangster cultures against each other, we find no real motivation for star-crossed lovers Han Sing (Jet Li) and Trish O'Day (Aaliyah) to fall in love or lust, and no true exploration of the interracial aspects of the piece, which might up revved up the plot somewhat.<br />In its opening &quot;multiculti&quot; dance floor sequence, idealized harmony dissipates as Asians and blacks mix it up in the club, and the crowd scatters, diverse gender, race, flamboyant wardrobes and all.  A black DJ bellows, &quot;If ya' ass ain't black, you better get outta here...!&quot; and it's hard not to cringe in the face of this and a proliferation of other classic B-movie one-liners (In this case, the &quot;B&quot; in B-movie is for &quot;Blaxploitation&quot;).<br />Han escapes false imprisonment in Hong Kong upon the news that his brother, who fell victim to turf wars between Asian and black gangs, is murdered.  Their power play, a struggle for control of multi-million dollar properties on the Oakland waterfront, comes to Han's attention much sooner than it does to ours, the hapless audience.  As the convoluted plot reveals itself, still, it's hard to feel for these characters. Nevertheless, Han flees to Oakland to avenge his brother's death and discover love by-the-numbers with Trish, the begrudging heiress to the O'Day gangster throne.<br />Our heroine Trish wants nothing to do with her father and brother's thug commerce.  Trading blood money for clean living, owns a clothing boutique called Serpentine Fire, which doubles as a Shangri-La for neighborhood kids, and an excuse for Aaliyah's minimalist, form-fitting wardrobe.  The R&amp;B recording star makes her feature film debut alongside Li, whose sophomore Stateside effort pales in comparison to Lethal Weapon 4, and acting gig in which he spoke evenless.  <br />Though it is an action flick, the film speaks to no issues of romance or race, which might have, at the very least, created tension in the narrative and fodder for its actors to emote.  The film's non karate-strapped players' opportunities for shining through proved lukewarm at best.  The only theme addressing the plight of the blacks in the film is the desire for upward mobility, and unless you count Han's derogatory nickname &quot;Dim Sum&quot; or the elaborate dragon gracing Aaliyah's silken pants in many of the scenes, no Asian American characters in the film were allowed the chance express any cultural dimensions (beyond two) either. The most incisive question of the film--hardly profound--is, &quot;why fight with blacks?&quot; In like manner, in each fight scene, victims wait in line for their beating, an almost requisite device for any and all action pictures, martial arts or otherwise. <br />Sure, we understand all the motivation for the ass-whooping, but where is the love?  The odd pairing of leading actors is unfortunate, as Aaliyah makes magic with the camera in her big-screen debut, just as Li does.  The newbie actors fail to ignite any chemistry between one another.  <br />However heartfelt it appears, one senses Han and Trish enjoy more of a sweet, warm friendship by default, not unlike the plight of the stars portraying them.  Their gazes, alive with loving, oceanic bliss, resonate with the kind of false enthusiasm that can only serve as preludes to dance numbers (which in this case are elaborate, CGI-enhanced martial arts sequences, a la The Matrix).  One supposes Aaliyah's looking for something better than the tired brothers that run with her Pops. &quot;You savin' yourself for Cobe Bryant or some TV dream dude?&quot; Isaiah Washington (Love Jones) asks Trish in a subtly engaging interpretation of Shakespeare's Mercutio.  While Maurice (Anthony Anderson), a bodyguard-slash-dog with a wandering eye, insists &quot;a dog needs a b*tch&quot; with comedic intentions that are anything but funny.<br />Romeo Must Die serves as little more than a &quot;resume piece.&quot; Aaliyah's good girl persona can play rough.  Li's mute heavy can play leading man-of-few-words roles.  That was the theory, anyway.  Renowned cinematographer Andrzej Bartkowiak (Lethal Weapon 4) created his first directing experiment at the expense of Aaliyah, whose lip synching on the dance floor and bare midriff are given ample screen time, and Li, whose martial arts finesse is not lost to us.  He performs all his own stunts as usual, but didn't we know that already? Capulets and Montagues, they ain't.  To its credit, the casting for the film was well thought-out.  Actors Henry O and Delroy Lindo (Ransom) work well together as the patriarchal underworld bosses of their Asian and Af-Am clans.  Likewise, Stanley Clarke busts some mildly Asiatic Hip Hop moves on the film's soundtrack, while Aaliyah and DMX, who also makes his big-screen debut in this work, lend their Rap/R&amp;B stylings to the mix.<br />For a finer melange of Asiatic and African American cultures, vibe on a critically-acclaimed film production like Jim Jarmusch's Ghost Dog: The Way of the Samurai (starring Forest Whitaker).  Or heck: as a lark, you might even fare better than &quot;Romeo&quot; if you whip out Carl Douglas' 1974 hit single &quot;Kung Fu Fighting,&quot; another vanity production.<br />-Jianda Johnson is a freelance entertainment writer, singer, and musician in Southern California...
B00003CXIP|5.0|I'm not going to write a synopsis of the plot here or tell you how great the movie is. You already know that. If you are going to buy this movie on DVD and have never seen it, plan to watch the bonus documentary included on the new DVD release first, &quot;Walking the Tracks,&quot; a behind-the-scenes look at the making of film as told by Rob Reiner, Stephen King, Wil Wheaton, Corey Feldman and Jerry O'Connell. You'll hear Wil explain why Gordie doesn't get his brother's Yankee cap returned, what Jerry O'Connell really thought of Kiefer Sutherland, and how Rob Reiner made two of the cast members weep during the train trestle scene! The docu footage appears to have been shot on the late 1990s or even early 2000, and it's wonderful to see these people together again (River Phoenix, who died in 1993, is not part of the documentary, but is referred to by just about everyone being interviewed).       The best part for me was watching the movie with English subtitles, which made me realize for the first time what some of the dialogue was (including some put downs my ears could never quite figure out--&quot;wet end&quot; and &quot;whoremaster,&quot; among others).       But far and away, the reason you must buy this DVD is to listen to Rob Reiner's personable director's commentary as the film plays. It's an option, so you can still watch and listen to the complete movie in its original format, but if you've already memorized the scenes because you've seen this movie countless times, listen to Rob's (apparently one-take and continuous) comments about each scene. He's also very funny, and his anecdote about the scene in which Ray Brower is found by the tracks is hilarious, despite the somber tone of this section of the movie.       Other perks: the long-lost video of &quot;Stand by Me,&quot; featuring singer Ben E. King, River Phoenix and Wil Wheaton (the song was originally a #4 hit in 1960 and was re-released in the fall of 1986, peaking at #9--Rob Reiner makes a comment about the song going to #1 both times, but he's not correct).
0394827996|5.0|This fanciful and colorful book is about a fish and tadpole who become friends while living in the same pond. Tadpole soon grows legs and leaves  the pond. Fish is lonely without him and tries to follow. Disaster! The  gently presented lessons in this book stir me still. The words are simple,  but the meaning, real and multi-faceted, is accessible to all ages.
B00000IQBM|3.0|It's easy to see why Stephen King and Stanley Kubrick clashed over Kubrick's version of &quot;The Shining&quot; -- much of the horror of the  novel is lost with the omission of the sinister topiary animals and the  substitution of a garden maze; the culvert little Danny burrows into, only  to find himself not alone; Jack's use of an axe instead of a croquet-type  stick; and, what is absolutely criminal, the murder of the hotel chef  (Scatman Crothers), who was a hero in the novel, sensing Danny's distress  and driving across country to help a small bearer of a potent portion of  &quot;the shining,&quot; a telepathic kind of talent for sensing danger and  horror. <br />Couldn't Kubrick stand the idea of a black man being a hero? In  the film, only Shelley Duvall remains to save Danny; in the book, Crothers  is with her, courageous beyond caution in his efforts to save her and  Danny, even though severely wounded by Mad Jack. As a radical feminist and  long-time civil rights supporter, I was pleased they both exerted efforts  that are usually beyond the ability of the human mind and body to  accomplish -- in the book, but left only to Duvall in the movie.<br />The  elevator of blood was effective -- if you're frightened of blood. A really  great effect is reproduced from King's novel: the dead -- or is she? --  woman in the bathtub.<br />Leaving out the little boy -- a ghost? -- who is  Danny's real informant of danger as part of Danny's &quot;shining&quot; and  having Danny's thumb -- or finger? -- waggle at him in warnng instead is  perhaps intentional comic relief. However, comic relief doesn't belong in  this story, and the strategy backfires because of its utter  silliness.<br />All that said, &quot;The Shining&quot; is an extremely  frightening film. When a Jack Nicholson character goes nuts, you don't want  to be anywhere nearby. As his character, Jack Torrance, sinks into  psychosis under the malign influence of the hotel and its past denizens,  Nicholson gives one of the best performances of his career; who'd have  thought that enormous, mischievous, toothy grin could be so horrible, even  in the context of an insane character? But it is, and there's no way that  his grin, especially in the infamous scene in which Jack sticks his face  into a hole he's made in a door with his axe, while Duvall and the little  boy cower back, wouldn't scare the pants off the most stoic viewer. There  are still T-shirts bearing a close-up of Jack's face being sold.  &quot;Heeeeeere's Johnny!&quot; indeed!<br />Duvall perfectly plays the kind  of woman King irritatingly and consistently characterized in his early  novels, seemingly the only kind of which he was aware: timid, ineffectual,  unable to act in her own behalf. But her character gets braver -- maternal  instinct, King seems to imply -- while remaining utterly terrified.  Kubrick, however, stresses her growing strength much more in the film.  <br />The greatest disappointment in the film version of &quot;The  Shining&quot; is the child playing Danny, an example of a casting mistake  with no excuse. The kid is boring. He has no personality. He's a  drag. You  don't give a damn about him, and don't understand why Duvall does, except  that she's his mother. He is not a lovable child. He's a zero.<br />Crothers  is fine, fine, fine as the departing hotel chef, who notices and tells  Danny about his &quot;shine,&quot; and tells him to use it if he needs  help, because Crothers will come back if he does. And he's as good as his  word because he does come back, to achieve heroic stature in the novel but  to be summarily put down by Mad Jack in the movie. What a shame! I wonder  if that was one of King's objections to what Kubrick was doing with his  story.<br />If you've never read the book, your first viewing of &quot;The  Shining&quot; ought to scare you sick. Otherwise, be prepared for  disappointment. Kubrick tarnished the shining of one of the best and  certainly one of the most graphic &quot;haunted house&quot; genre stories  ever written.
B00003CWTI|5.0|P.T. Anderson has created in Magnolia a modern masterpiece. The ensemble  cast is amazing; it's hard to single out outstanding performances. Even Tom  Cruise demonstrates for the first time in ages that he can act. My favorite  performances, though, are carry-overs from Anderson's last film, Boogie  Nights. The pathos and humanity that William H. Macy and Julianne Moore  bring to their respective roles are astonishing.<br />While coming in at over  three hours, their is never a dull moment and the slow, studied pace suits  the somber, funny, and sometimes depressing subject matter. Chance and  relationships connect all the characters lives. They are each uniquely,  touchingly, humanly, even beautifully flawed (some more so than  others).<br />While some have found the storm near the end ridiculous or even  pretentious, I thought it was brilliant and somehow fitting. <br />While not  the feel-good movie of the year, it is nonetheless among the best of the  year. P.T. Anderson continues to demonstrate unique and honest talent, if  not near-genius.
B00000HXFL|5.0|After years in Europe, Baker returned to the West Coast to record  &quot;Baby Breeze&quot;.  His trumpet was stolen just before sessions  began, so he played a fugelhorn, which served to make his already langorous  and lush leads warmer and smoother.  After a few years of drug addiction  and the resulting obscurity, Baker came back strong with this collection,  which encapsulates all three of his major personas: The sweetest trumpet  blower around, a singer whose voice was high and lonesome and muscular all  at once, and the harder bop-oriented musician that many people don't  remember.  A great album from a great jazzman.
B00004VVND|5.0|Yul Brynner, James Brolin, and Richard Benjamin star in this outstanding  Sci-Fi piece by genre uberlord Michael Crichton (&quot;Jurassic Park,&quot;  &quot;The Andromeda Strain&quot;) about DELOS, a futuristic theme park  where you can spend a week in Medieval World, Roman World, or Westworld,  living as the folks from those periods did, including much rape, murder,  and various other saucy vacation mayhem. Yul, in a role that obviously  inspired Arnold's Terminator character, decides that being the guy (or  robot in this case) who always loses the gunfight, ain't really the way to  go, and sets off on a gunslinging rampage through ALL of the various period  worlds, this time with a REAL gun shooting REAL bullets, where he now  always WINS! Pic actually spawned a nifty sequel starring Gwenny Paltrow's  mom, Blythe Danner, called &quot;Futureworld.&quot;
B00004U8H4|1.0|I saw this one at the theatre.  It is one of the WORST movies I have ever  seen! I'm not sure which movie was worse, this one or Natural Born Killers.   They were both the pits.
6300208699|4.0|A great double-bill to view with the classic &quot;Bedazzled,&quot; is this darkly humorous, sadistic freakshow starring Peter Sellers as Guy  Grand, a gazillionaire Brit bachelor who happens upon a scruffy, homeless  guy (played eerily well by Ringo Starr) in a park one day and promptly  adopts him, renaming him Youngman Grand. New dad and son set out on an  endless journey to torment the populace, particularly the high society  snobs who travel in Guy's posh circles, culminating in a finale that will  leave you both breathless and nauseous. Pic also spawned a #1 hit for its  title track &quot;Come And Get It,&quot; (which is a real kicker when taken  in context with the final scene) as performed by the McCartney-produced  Apple act, Badfinger.
B000001ESF|4.0|Ah yes, 2112.  This is where the fascinating Rush adventure began really,  it was their fourth studio album in two years (unheard of by today's bands)  and proved to be the breakthrough for them, eight years after the band  formed. The title track is worth the cost of the album alone: a twenty  minute epic divided into six parts, a classic of pomp rock that only Rush  could possibly get away with.  Only 'Something for Nothing' is real quality  on the remainder of the album ('Tears' and 'Twilight Zone' must be two of  their worst songs ever).  I suppose 'Lessons' and 'Passage to Bangkok'  aren't too bad.  This was the album that made Rush in the US and later  worldwide, it was the first to be certified gold, and the rest is history.   The three albums that preceded '2112' shouldn't be entirely forgotten  about, but anyone wanting to get into the band, begin here and work  chronologically through their collection (skipping past 'Grace Under  Pressure' and 'Powerwindows' along the way). Not quite a classic due some  weak tracks, but nevertheless, a must own.
B00001NFCY|5.0|I can't begin to describe how much I love this CD. Every song is  outstanding. To open with &quot;Are You Ready&quot; was a great choice on  the band's behalf. It gets you going early in the morning, a great song to  get &quot;pumped up&quot; to. I also love &quot;What If,&quot; the band's  way to tell others who do not care for them that they will be around for  quite some time. With the verse, &quot;My stage is shared by many millions,  Who life their hands up high because they feel this, We are one, We are  strong, The more you hold us down the more we press on.&quot; So true, the  more people talk down about this band, the more they will thrive off of it,  the harder they will work, the more CD's they will sell. Each and every  song makes you think about life. I personally love the way Scott puts his  whole heart and soul into this music. Especially in concert. (I highly  suggest seeing this band in concert, you won't regret it or ever forget  it.) I cannot wait until their next CD will be released, keep up the great  work.  Not only is the music in &quot;Higher&quot; addictive, so are the  lyrics. I'm sure we can all relate to it, especially on those days when we  do not want to get up and be productive.  Almost like we want to start all  over with a new life. When ever I need to be put in a good mood, I pop in  this CD.  I would have to say it's my favorite, it follows me wherever I  go. With &quot;Wash Away Those Years&quot; the band sings about a touchy  subject, rape.  Good for them, I hope it helps those survivors of this  horrible crime. I believe Scott Stapp would be a very interesting person to  meet and talk with because of the way he expresses his emotions in his  songs.  One word to describe it, Powerful.   Keep up the great work, I am  anxiously awating their thrid CD, I know it will be as good as, if not  better than this one.
B00001QEE5|3.0|After sitting down and watching this movie for the 20th time this week, I  must still agree with my special little guy that this is a great movie. He  loves it and that is important since it is a kids movie. Forget about the  cinematic effects or the lack of. The real important question is: do the  kids like it? My kid loves it! And I am sure that your kids will  too...<br />Why the 3 stars, well the movie uses some time &quot;filler&quot;  scenes with a native American theme. I find this scene to be abit unrelated  and stereotypes native Americans/Canadians. Too many politically incorrect  references that are out of touch with today's society. I have to explain to  my little guy that the movie is wrong and that these references are not  acceptable in this day and society. Other then that it's a great film.
0780625129|5.0|Anyone who thinks that the kind of fascism that led to the horrors of  Europe in the 1940s  \\"can't happen here\\" will appreciate the lessons all  too apparent in this movie. It can happen here, and a society that abandons  its youth to lives of hopelessness and impoverishment will learn the  lessons of history if it doesn't do more to rectify the causes underlying  such hate and discontent. This is a tough, gritty, and violent look at the  complex problems associated with race, poverty, and hopelessness that  pervade our inner cities and prey especially upon the young and vulnerable  teens trapped by life circumstance into these kinds of confrontations.  While George W. Bush waxes on so dreamily about his proposed Presidency not  \\"leaving a single child behind\\", the reality of the situation is quite  different; the stark economic realities of contemporary America is that  more and more urban youth are being abandoned and isolated in the midst of  all this unbelievable affluence for others.<br />The movie is set up as a  kind of morality play; Edward Norton is a newly ex-convict hoping to turn  his life around by disassociating himself from the neo-Nazi group that led  him astray into a life of hate, violence, and murder a few years before.  Still, his younger brother, played well by Edward Furlong, is fascinated by  the power and allure of the neo-Nazis. As the movie progresses, we become  more familiar with just how it is that both brothers have become so  indoctrinated by hate, and left so susceptible to the racist messages of  the extremists. All of the cast, from Norton to Furlong to Eliot Gould to a  host of others are excellent, and this gripping story of how easily hate,  distrust, and violence beget more of the same is a sorry statement of what  the not so benign neglect of the society toward its less fortunate sons and  daughters can result in. This is an excellent movie and is one I highly  recommend.
B000000OQF|5.0|&quot;Appetite For Destruction&quot; introduced the world to Guns N'  Roses, and their powerful guitar riffs and Axl's vocals propelled the album  to stellar levels in an era dominated by New Kids On The Block. Stated  simply, the album cranks. Every track kicks, even the weak ones.  Unfortunately, band troubles, Axl's moodiness (one might call it  egotistical bitchiness), and Axl's voice problems made G N' R little more  than a rock n' roll footnote, but &quot;Appetite&quot; is definitely on the  rock's top albums of all time list.<br />The album spawned a number of hits  (&quot;Welcome to the Jungle,&quot; &quot;Out Ta Get Me,&quot;  &quot;Paradise City,&quot; &quot;Sweet Child o' Mine&quot;), made the band  an arena rock spectacle for years to come, but alas, the album that set the  benchmark made it difficult for G N' R to ever approach that level again.  The closest they came after &quot;Appetite&quot; was the  &quot;Illusion&quot; tapes. If you're looking for great rock, stick with  &quot;Appetite.&quot; If you're into Axl's foray into arty, expressive rock  / metal, then the &quot;Illusion&quot; tapes are for you.
B000002KDM|5.0|I was lucky enough to first see James Taylor live in a small outdoor venue  called Avaloch in rural Lenox, Massachusetts in the summer of 1970, after  this first album recorded by the Beatles in London had been released and  just before the release of the fabulously successful \\"Sweet Baby James\\"  album by Warner Brothers. He appeared alone on-stage with a full head of  long, long hair in a simple denim shirt and cut-up jeans with his four or  five acoustic guitars, and for two and a half hours proceeded to absolutely  enchant the sprawling lawn-full of hundreds of audience members with a  spellbinding performance of all of the work from his first two albums.  Although virtually unknown at the time, word of mouth had spread so quickly  in the Berkshires area (who still considers him one of their own) that many  of us went out to get this album to play before he appeared. The rest, as  they say, is history.<br />This is his third time at bat, and this particular  album showcases his truly amazing talents with a number of unforgettable  songs like \\"You've Got A Friend', written by Carol King, \\"Mudslide Slim\\",  and \\"Love Has Brought Me Around\\". It also shows a different aspect of his  talents in that he has a wider selection of different types of songs,  ranging all the way from a somber, reflective, and overtly political song  like \\"Soldiers' to reflections about his newfound fame in \\"Hey Mister,  That's Me Up On The Jukebox&quot; to a lovely love song , \\"You Can Close  Your Eyes\\". He has a number of short, sweet, and reflective songs like  \\"Long Ago And Far Away\\", \\"Isn't It Nice to Be Home Again?\\", and \\"Places In  My Past\\" that show just how durable and prolific an artist he had become.  His performance on this third album is brilliant proof of just how  incredibly talented an interpretive artist Taylor really is, suggesting the  long, fabled ride in popularity he has enjoyed ever since. It is certainly  a terrific showcase for how well Taylor can deliver on a variety of  original works and covers of other contemporary folk songs. Enjoyy of  original works and covers of other contemporary folk songs. Enjoy
0140186409|5.0|This is one of the few works of fiction that is truly heart-wretching,  that is capable of bringing people to tears. Not only that, but although it  is a work of fiction, it is a truly believeable story, and not only COULD  it happen, but it DID, many times over. Many families went along a similar  route to the Joads during the depression and the Dust Bowl. That is why  this book leaves such a profound impact on people, it tells us a little bit  more about ourselves than we maybe want to know.<br />Being from Oklahoma,  this story really hit home for me. There is a part where the Joads are  trying to head North, away from Hooverville, and they are stopped, the  policeman tells Tom &quot;We don't want you goddamn Okies here&quot;. Tom  wants to hit the man with a jack, but Ma won't let him, and he, stone cold  Tom Joad, cries. This is a moving scene, and there are many such ones in  the book. This is highly reccommended.<br />Also, DO NOT READ THE EDITORIAL  REVIEW AT THE TOP OF THIS PAGE OR THE INTRO AT THE FRONT OF THE BOOK IF YOU  HAVE NOT ALREADY, THEY GIVE AWAY THE ENDING, AND A LOT OF OTHER THINGS TOO!
6303168507|5.0|This is an extremely troubling, scrupulously accurate, and endlessly  compelling screen adaptation of Thomas Keneally's non-fiction best seller  depicting the events surrounding Oscar Schindler's acts in saving hundreds  of Polish Jews from certain death in the concentration camps by employing  them in manufacturing \\"essential materials\\" in war-time Poland. Steven  Spielberg negotiates his way carefully through the potential minefield of  controversy in his stunningly graphic and emotional portrayal of the plight  of Polish Jews as the Germans began their preparations for what became the  \\"Final Solution\\" to the \\"Jewish Question\\" in the occupied sectors of Poland  in the early 1940s.<br />As a serious student of 20th century history, I am  indeed impressed by the care with which Spielberg has faithfully recreated  the details of the occupation, from Schindler's initial entrepreneurial  preoccupation with exploiting Jewish investors and workers for his own  profit to the moral indifference and cruelty of Christian Poles toward  their Jewish countrymen. The scenes early in the movie depicting the Jews  being forcibly ejected from their homes and the trail of local residents  taunting and abusing them is among the powerful on film, as are the later  episodes showing the barbarism of the Nazis both within the Jewish ghetto  and in the streets, casually murdering Jews as simply as squashing a  noisome mosquito. The story line provides the viewer with a profound  opportunity to be an eyewitness to one of the most shameful and sorry  periods in modern world history, as we witness just how base and cruel  ordinary human beings can be.<br />The cast, of course, is absolutely  terrific, from Liam Neeson to Ben Kingsley to Ralph Fiennes. In particular,  Fiennes' brilliant portrayal of a Nazi officer capable of such casual  violence as to nonchalantly order a Jewish engineer shot because she  corrects an error made by incompetent German military engineers gives a  glimpse into the maddening darkness and banality of evil. Once again,  modern American film shows us why serious cinematic efforts like this must  be actively sponsored and appreciated. If a photo is worth a thousand  words, this breathtaking film is worth a library. It accurately illustrates  in its short three or four hours duration more about the individual reality  of what world war meant to each of the millions of noncombatants who  perished at the hands of evil incarnate than any book may do. This is a  movie I plan to use to teach European history to lethargic high-schoolers  to wake them out of their self-absorption into an active interest in the  world. I highly recommend it to anyone who wants to better understand what  the Holocaust meant, and how it happened.the maddening darkness and banality of evil. Once again,  modern American film shows us why serious cinematic efforts like this must  be actively sponsored and appreciated. If a photo is worth a thousand  words, this breathtaking film is worth a library. It accurately illustrates  in its short three or four hours duration more about the individual reality  of what world war meant to each of the millions of noncombatants who  perished at the hands of evil incarnate than any book may do. This is a  movie I plan to use to teach European history to lethargic high-schoolers  to wake them out of their self-absorption into an active interest in the  world. I highly recommend it to anyone who wants to better understand what  the Holocaust meant, and how it happened.
0767819594|2.0|This movie has to be one of the best good vs. evil movies that I have ever  seen, and the most unpleasant and disturbing one. I watched it, and I  thought it was an okay film about how evil people can be towards one  another. I would not reccommend this to everyone...The plot is so trashy.  But if your looking for a movie where the good guys win, go ahead, but be  forewarned. There is plenty of graphic sex talk, and some of the scenes are  really graphic too.
B00000DGUY|5.0|I was lucky enough to be living in England just outside London in a little  town called West Ruislip just down the cobbled streets from the \\"T\\" station  near the famous \\"Orchards\\" pub when Dire Straits released their \\"Love Over  Gold\\" album in 1982, and the young English couple living in the flat  upstairs played it over and over, introducing me both to their good taste  in music and the terrific group called \\"Dire Straits\\" in the process. Of  course, as I think back upon it, I was familiar with their hit \\"Sultans Of  Swing\\", but never really paid much attention until hearing this terrific  album and Mark Knopfler's unbelievably stirring, crisp and innovative  guitar solos. Soon I was down at the music shoppe buying all their other  albums. By that time I was familiar with their unique and unforgettable  sound and also their very introspective lyrics. I came to love all their  albums as much as \\"Love Over Gold\\", and I was pleased when they recently  released this anthology of many of their hits, even including a theme from  Knopfler's  \\"Local Hero\\" movie score.<br />I really like all the cuts here,  from \\"Sultans Of Swing' to \\"Romeo And Juliet\\" to \\"Lady Writer\\". In each,  Knopfler's distinctive twanging guitar sound echoes in my house till all  hours of the morning, along with \\"Private Investigations, \\" Tunnel Of  Love\\", and \\"So Far Away\\".  My own personal favorites here are the live  version of \\"Love Over Gold\\" and &quot;Money For Nothing\\". In the time since  the band was actively recording in the mid 1980s, Knopfler has become a  kind of institutionalized artistic force everywhere one looked, writing  soundtrack music for (among other films) \\"Local Hero\\" and \\"Cal\\", performing  both alone and with Dire Straits, and collaborating with other artists, as  well. The music here is very and innovative progressive rock, and the  electric guitar work literally sings by itself. When I listen to the album  now, it is a source of continuing amazement to me that Knopfler couldmake  the sounds that emanated out of that instrument so uniquely animated as he  did. The whole band is terrific, and it is sad that they made so few albums  before internal frictions broke them apart. Enjoy this and their other  wonderful albums. Dire Straits made an indelible stamp on modern rock that  I am sure you will find entertaining and entrancing. Enjoy!
B000021XR5|3.0|Not too bad, considering the stuff the STP members' side projects put out  there about a year or so before they reformed. I particularly liked the  direction they took with their 'softer' songs. &quot;Sour Girl&quot;,  &quot;I Got You&quot; and &quot;Atlanta&quot; are the album's three  standouts. However, unfortunately, this album is burdened by its 'harder'  edge. Ironically, two exponents of this burden are its first two singles -  &quot;Down&quot; and &quot;Heaven &amp; Hot Rods&quot; - although &quot;No  Way Out&quot; is more viscerally satisfying. Worth a listen, or two.
0679746048|5.0|I read this book a few years ago.  If you didn't particularly like the  movie, I suggest your read the book -- it's much better!
B00003CXGG|4.0|This will be one of the reasons I choose to begin collecting DVD's.  The movie was interesting from beginning to end, with a fine mixture of action  and plot development.  Aaliyah was as convincing as she was beautiful, and  the DVD extras were worth the cost of the disk.  Jet Li displayed his many  skills masterfully, not the least of which were his ability to act; choose  a marketable and entertaining story and assemble the talent necessary to  pull it all together.
0788816454|1.0|I'm a big fan of Adam Sandler's but man, did this movie ever suck! It's  garbage!......there's nothing good about it. It's Sandler's worst attempt  at a comedy. And why is the Fonz in there?
6305949638|5.0|This film should have been called, &quot;Magnificent Obsession&quot;.  It  is about love, responsibility, accountability and bending the rules when  necessary to save a life.  Seen through the eyes of a benevolent Doctor (  Michael Caine) and the children he lovingly protects at an orphanage.  We  meet them at birth, watch them grow, be adopted, and rejected, perpetually  waiting to be selected by a &quot;family.&quot;  We're given a closeup view  of one gifted child &quot;Homer&quot; (Tobey Maguire) as he grows up, and  goes out into the world, or at least as far as an apple picking farm and  fishing community by the sea to meet his destiny and love (Charlize  Theron). He finds that life is beautiful yet harsh, raw , complicated,  filled with horrendous moments and decisions. As young Homer says,  &quot;sometimes you just sit, watch, do nothing, and sometimes you have to  do something!&quot;  In fighting to help others, he finds himself, his  strength, his power, his &quot;place&quot;, his identity.  This is a  taunt, action packed, graphic, beautiful film.  Not preachy, it has humor,  tension just life - telling it like it is. I guess they couldn't call it  &quot;Magnificient Obsession&quot;, because that title was used a long time  ago for a Jane Wyman/ Rock Hudson film.  &quot;Cider House Rules&quot; has  the same quality in both cast and writing.  The landscapes of  Maine will  capture your heart and so will this film.
B00002E23H|1.0|NO!......don't make me watch it again!<br />I don't know what was worse, the  terrible acting or the incredibly dull plot. LL Cooljay's bird played a  better role than he did. The so called &quot;sharks&quot; look more like  computer generated fish. And that stupid scene where Jackson gets  attacked....man, I wish I would have just rented Jaws.
B00004U30D|5.0|This is a hot sizzling look at life.  One moment you're looking at a &quot;perfect american Mom, Dad, Daughter- apple pie in the sky smiling  photogenic family&quot; in suburbia, then POW!  the action  and the  &quot;games&quot; begin.  High-powered money making agressive realtor Mom  (Annette Bening) dominates temporarily, wimpy laid back inept Dad (Kevin  Spacey). Their daughter, caught between these two is equally unhappy.  Enter the cheerleader.  This film is startling, shocking, graphic.  The  characters undergo major transformations.  You will gasp and laugh, maybe,  as they unravel before your eyes.  Dad starts building those muscles and  Mom----  No I won't tell you everything.  See the film.  It's adult,  entertaining, humorous, provocative.  No wonder it won all those awards.  Excellent cast. Fantastic script-writing. Visually perfect.
6305750750|5.0|I have to admit that I went into this movie with a great amount of  skepticism.  Could Lucas pull it off again, or would this be another one of  his later debacles like American Graffitti or Hey There, Georgie Girl?  And  Laim Neeson as a Jedi?  And please don't get me started about JarJar Binks.   But on the whole I was pleasantly surprised.  Casting Ewan Macgregor as a  young (old?) Obe Wan was brilliant, and Liaim Neeson made me believe that a  lone Jedi could actually defeat an entire solar system of evil entitties  with just a fancy sword.  I was, however, a bit troubled by the character  of Darth Maul.  His face was so prominent in the teaser posters that I  thought he'd have a much bigger role in the movie.  However, his duel with  Obe Wan and Liem Neeson at the end more than made up for the fact that he  wasn't in the movie much.  I liked it, but he simply and, I must say  unequivicalily, wasn't in the movie hardly at all, and this kind of  disturbed me, as the teaser posters led me to believe that his role would  be much bigger. But actually, his role in the movie was quite limited,  which perplexed me, as his prominence in the pre-advertisments had me  believing that this was to be a big player in the Star Wars universe  (omniverse).  Alas, this was not to be, as the character's role was much  smaller than I anticipated, which was a bit of a let down, as I felt the  ads emphisized the character of Darth Maul to be a major player in the  story, but it was not to be, as he turned out to be only a minor henchmen,  which seemed confusing as I was led to believe, through all the pre-release  hoopla, that this particular character was to be an important player in the  new movie, but it was not the case.  His role was quite diminished, and yet  his visage was quite large in the pre-hype publicity.  However, this turned  out to be all show and no go, as the character of Darth Maul was reduced to  that of a second rate supporting character, which was surprising given that  his face was the dominaant feature in the SWE1 advertising.  So, in the end  I found the movie to be quite sassifying, despite the fact that the  character of Darth Maul was conspicuously absent through out most of the  movie, which was unusual given his featured presence in the movie's  advertising.  He wasn't in it much.  I though he was going to be.  But he  wasn't.
0380715430|5.0|I found the Mother Tongue ... to be one of the more interesting of books  that attempt to broach the subject of the history of the English Language.  This book is so captivating it reads like a fascinating novel instead of a  historical review of a language and its orgins. I swept through the book in  a fit of giggles and usually ended most chapters agreeing with the author  on one or more of his anecdotal points. I am from England and have lived in  the States for a while now. I have seen the many differences between  'English' and 'American English' and have been &quot;lucky&quot; enough to  experience the many possible double entendres and faux pas' when trying to  speak my native English in America. This book highlights some of these  differences in a well balanced, humourous way. Read it and enjoy it.
B00001NTOF|5.0|I have been listening to rock music for over 30 years and I must say that  Human Clay is one of the best CDs I have ever heard!
630522577X|5.0|When I saw it a couple years ago I thought great another fairytale movie.   Then after seeing it my aspect of it was completely changed.  I loved how  all the actors portrayed their characters.  I thought all of Eliza's  (Audrey Hepburn) wardrobe was absolutley gorgeous.  She looked like an  angel when she was ready to go to the ball.  I laughed at Eliza's drunken  father and his friends, and at the way Eliza yelled when the servants  wanted to give her a bath.  Ever since I saw that movie it has become my  favorite musical of all time and Audrey has become my favorite actress of  all time.
B00004TRD8|5.0|all terminator fans have to have this movie. its got loads of info about the making of the film,i really mean loads.and the cream of it all is the  dts soundtrack for the three versions of the movie.(the third version is  five minutes of additional footage which can be accessed by going to title  3 on your player) i checked out the dts5.1es  and dolbydigital5.1ex track  in comparison with each other, you got to listen to feel the diffrence the  sound spatialization is far superior in the dts version an the frequency  response is freaked out ,dolby tended to be flatter.moreover the surround  channels really kick into action with dts and in dolby its almost  indifferent.        some things are a little imperfect though,i remember  the  buying info on this disc said that &quot;six hours on one  disc&quot;,well its not one but two discs ,and if any of you have the older  realease of the t2 dvd dont give it away,because the trailers in the  special edition are poor,the colours are all wrong and the <br />resolution is  like a vcd.whereas the previous dvd had excellent  resolution for the  teaser trailer with  &quot;the terminator manufacturing plant&quot;.other  than this the disc is one hell of a buy,the story boards in the disc will  amaze you at the amount of planning done before a single frame was shot and  the digital  effects and makeup effects will blow you away ,if you thought  you knew which shot was effect which was not think again ,there  is some  mind blowing stuff in the additional material.the aluminium case for the  movie looks cool, buy this edition before it runs out.(i hear it a limited  edition).
B00003CX95|4.0|Slow getting going but once running, it goes like a freight train. The DVD  could have been better. The 28 min documentary is very good. How Gibson  directed and played the star is beyond me? The documentary and the  commentary really shows how hard this ran him into the ground. The  commentary wasn't too verbose, Gibson allows you to enjoy the scenes with  some extra interesting comments that don't distract from the story. In his  commentary he mentions scenes that he had a hard time cutting because they  were very good, but had to cut for time. It would have been nice to have  these included. Overall a must to have in the collection, but if a special  edition is in the planning, it may be better to wait.
B00002NDB1|1.0|The fans were betrayed. THis is the only reasonable explanation for MAIDEN  release such a horrible, incredibly bad album. Theres absolutely nothing  here, no matter what some fans say. The &quot;ANGEL AND THE GAMBLER&quot;  seems to be joking with the fan. The songs is ten minutes long repeating  the same chorus over and over again for endless minutes !!!!  &quot;FUTUREAL&quot; is so juvenile, it seems MAIDEN in 1977 !!! Well, you  wanna some proof that this CD is horrible ? Why do you think Steve Harris  fired Blaze Bayley after this record and calle Bruce Dickinson back ?  BEcause sales dropped terribly in this album ! This is the only reason. Of  course tha band was coming thorugh a period of total lack of creativiness  (with Janick Gers aboard, this is not difficult to happen...), but a  scapegoat had to be found.
B00003652R|4.0|Non-Marillion fans (like myself until recently) may know this by the  fabulous single, &quot;Kayleigh&quot;, a beautifully played pop song. It's  the only track on here that really stands up by itself, but the rest of the  album blends together into a fine tapestry of progressive keyboards and  guitars. Besides the aforementioned single, &quot;Lavender&quot; and  &quot;Childhood's End&quot; (the latter anchored by a U2-ish delay guitar)  are the standout moments here. Like similar works by Yes and Rush, this  takes a few listens to begin to comprehend. However, it's worth it.
B000002J1H|5.0|I may be swimming upstream on this, but I consider Going For the One the best Yes album available.  Why?  The band shows more depth and mature musical ideas here than in any of its other works.  The album starts out with a great rocker in the title track.  Steve Howe's frenzied guitar is the highlight of the track, but don't miss Wakeman's understated barrel-house piano.  A very satisfying opening.  &quot;Turn of the Century&quot; begins with some wonderful acoustic guitar work from Howe.  As each layer is added (voice, keyboards, bass, etc.), the texture of the piece becomes more complex, yet more satisfying.  Each member of the band seems to be doing something completely unrelated to the other members, yet all the parts fit in an orderly and logical way.  &quot;Parallels&quot; has some great ideas that develop in complexity in classic Yes fashion.  &quot;Wonderous Stories&quot; is one of the group's &quot;other worldly&quot; tunes that contains elements of familiar pop sounds and expands them to new levels.  The vocals on this track are some of the group's best on this or any of their albums.  &quot;Awaken&quot; begins with a wonderful solo piano which leads into another &quot;other worldly&quot; Anderson vocal before becoming a tower of massive walls of sound.  You're never sure what is going to come next...it's very unpredictable.  Every time I hear the piece, I think, &quot;They have strayed so far outside of where they started, how are they ever going to get back?&quot;  Somehow they do, and it's a great experience getting there.  <br />These days I don't listen to much &quot;rock&quot; music.  I'm not even sure that &quot;Going For the One&quot; can be classified as rock or that Yes can be classified as a rock group.  Their music goes way beyond such a classification.  While other Yes albums are more popular with fans, I think that &quot;Going For the One&quot; shows them at their most focused point, taking their music seriously with no tongue-in-cheek elements that are present in other albums.  This was a very, very talented group of individuals who really out-did themselves on this album.
B000020617|4.0|The Foo Fighters have never been a groundbreaking band, they haven't  rewritten rock and roll, and they probably never will. The fact is,  however, that Grohl can write damn good songs, and the FOO Fighters have  put out three great albums. This one is the best. Yes, it is more poppy,  no, it doesn't have that punk sound anymore. The fact is that Dave has  turned to past inspirations from the 60s and 70s to create an excellent  modern rock album. He has enough tricks up his sleaves to keep fans  interested,although these are just standard rock songs. And yes, this album  is worth your hard earned cash. You won't get sick of it. It has been in my  cd player since I bought it when it was first released.
0671034065|1.0|Possibly the most ridiculous book ever written.  I couldn't even finish  it.  Pathetic dialouge--to call it &quot;snappy&quot; is a stretch.   Totally predictable; the only thing that had me laughing was the reviews of  this book.  To call this book good writing is another very clear example of  the pathetic education system in the U.S.A.
0380730405|5.0|This book was the best book i've ever read! it was so exciting, and i  couldn't put it down! there was surprise after surprise and it kept me  reading all the way through!
B000002AGN|5.0|So I'm sitting here listening to Take Five for the hundreth time (you  know, the one you hear in the Infiniti commercials), and I'm  thinking...this is one of the greatest albums I've ever heard, period!  Buy  it...all of your friends will recognize it when they hear it, you'll never  grow tired of this album, and it's the type of music appropriate for any  occassion.  Slam dunk, daddy-o, COOL!
B00003CWTI|3.0|I liked Magnolia in the theatre. I even like how frustrated I was when I  got out of the theatre. But I hate this DVD.<br />PT Anderson's DVD of Boogie  Nights came with a running commentary and deleted scenes. I learned so much  more about what this film is about. This DVD comes with NO commentary, just  a TERRIBLE hour-long documentary that's nothing more than patches of video  tape footage spliced together. You can't learn anything. <br />If I could, I'd  return the DVD and buy the VHS at the lower price. Or better, rent the VHS  a few times, and then wait for the &quot;real&quot; collectors edition to  come out (Anderson just released a 2-disc set of Boogie Nights that's even  better than the original, oh well there goes another $25).
B000002GW5|5.0|For a recording artist, there is probably no trial of fire like taking the  new music out on the road, and hearing  fans' reactions to it. As a  litmus test, a tour can make or break an artist, particularly one just  starting out. Of course, when Browne released this album, he was already a  grizzled veteran of playing stadiums; still, he felt compelled to lay down  a permanent record of what road life was like. \\"Running on Empty\\"  is a live recording, but unlike one ever made before. Some of the tracks  were recorded backstage, away from the glare of the audience, some on tour  buses...some even in hotels. It is as stark a view as one is able to get of  the bumps in the road for a travelling band. The title track was a brand new  song when it was played before an audience; it is still a radio classic.  \\"The Road\\" is a song that specifically addresses the artist's  concern about how his material will be treated by the fans, while  maintaining one's sanity amidst the grueling touring schedule. The album is  peppered with references to other realities familiar to the recording  artist: groupies and drugs. \\"Cocaine\\" is an acoustic blues number  featuring Glenn Frey of the Eagles. \\"Rosie\\" is a great double-entendre song about a groupie showing up backstage; Browne tries to  pick her up, but the drummer sweeps \\"that girl away\\", leaving  Browne to, ahem, take matters into his own hands, shall we say. \\"Love  Needs a Heart\\" is a great ballad that demonstrates the  singer-songwriter's virtuosity. \\"Nothing But Time\\" was recorded  by Browne and Company on their tour bus after leaving a show in Portland,  Maine, and shows Jackson in very lighthearted mood. \\"You Love the  Thunder\\" is the outstanding rocker on the album, but the mood is  mainly subtle throughout. Browne's images are extremely evocative, and he  is at the peak of his career here. The album ends with the excellent FM  classic, \\"The Load-Out/Stay\\", which the author reveals to a live  audience  he is just performingit for the first time. The live tracks  played in front of crowds feature very little of the crowd response, almost  like studio music accepted in first takes. \\"Load-Out\\" may be the  only exception to the rule. Browne incorporates the Zodiacs' '50's song  \\"Stay\\", featuring guitarist David Lindley's brilliant falsetto.  This album is an essential for any rock enthuiast; each moment is  thoroughly enjoyable. Do yourself a big favor, and definitely pick this one  up.
B000002GDJ|5.0|I loved this album. Though many people may call my two favorite tracks, On  Any Other Day and Does Everybody Stare, gawky, I think it shows Stewart  Copeland's writing at best. You can go through this album without skipping  a single song.
0783113943|5.0|I can't decide which is more tragic...that Gia died so young and so  horribly misunderstood or that her life was nearly forgotten by a world  which has much to learn by her cruel life's lesson.  If it weren't for this  film, only the people who worked and lived with Gia would know who she was.   Watching this video will change your life and the way you think of the  &quot;glamorous&quot; life of fashion modeling. It is a must-see for  everyone, especially would-be models and their families.
B000002JR8|5.0|this cd is awesome.five minutes alone,becoming,slaughtered,and throes of  rejection this cd just doesnt cease to destroy ur ears and get u jumpin  around.
B00003CXDG|1.0|I can never get back my $8.50 ticket price, or the two hours I spent in the theatre watching this, but perhaps I can save you from the same  fate.<br />While it has some decent action sequences, the weak plot and  utterly pathetic dialog (with lines like &quot;God, you're beautiful&quot;  at the forefront of key moments) make it truly painful to watch.<br />I  couldn't bring myself to actually leave the theatre, always hoping to find  something redeeming in this film, but it never came.
0679720200|1.0|I had to read this book for a test I am having in Honors English tomorrow.   The book made no sense and was all out depressing.  I don't know why  anybody would want to read it let alone deem it as a classic.
0525457585|5.0|I first fell in love with the Neverending Story as kid when I saw the movie. So, when I heard it was based on a book I had to but it. The movie  doesn't do the book justice! The book has a way of grasping your  imagination in ways a movie never could. This is definately a book for all  ages and a must buy for anyone who has an imagination.
0684803356|2.0|I've read two other previous books by Hemingway.  Feel free to read those  reviews as well.  In his best piece, Old Man and the Sea, Hemingway  describes a man's courage and conviction in a mini-epic struggle between  and elderly man and the greatest catch of his life (a giant marlin).  In  another book, The Sun also Rises, Hemingway paints a very rich and colorful  portraitt of Spain and Pamplona that I could not sum up in a few sentences.   Both books create a vivid picture almost unequaled in literature.<br />This  book, however, does nothing of the sort.  Excluding a side story that  concerns the massacre of a town of locals, it is repetitive, boring, and  provides little insight.  The majority of this 450 page book takes place in  one cave and provides very little substance.  Personally, no picture was  painted for me, no human character was exposed, and no real lasting meaning  came from this book.<br />I grew tired of the cave, tired of the speculation  about killing the Guerilla leader Pablo, and bored of the lightweight,  unreal romance.  An editor could have spliced away pages 200-400, and the  book would have not missed a beat.<br />If you're a casual reader like myself,  stick with other Hemingway works.
B00004TRD8|4.0|I was expecting to see three versions of the film as it was advertised  earlier on when they were feeding the market frenzy to the buying public.  Don't get me wrong, this is an outstanding DVD package, it has all kinds of  extras, literally everything you would want to know about the whole  Terminator 2 film.  All the stuff that was released on the VHS edition back  in 1995 is all here!  Plus a whole lot more!  It gets kind of ridiculous  actually since there is just so much of it.  One thing I do have a  complaint about is the navigational control of the supplemental disc, when  you press a button for a certain area it either takes you to the main menu  or you have to keep pressing the desired button to get you where you want  to go.  That's kind of frustrating and those clever people at Artisan have  put a notice in the DVD package making people aware there may be  difficulties in navigating those controls.  If they knew there were  glitches, than why did they even release all of this in the first place?  Hmmmmm.  I was impressed with the Terminator 2 3D documentary, I have never  seen that attraction at Universal Studios and now I am totally stoked to go  there the next time I go to California.  Another problem with all of this  is the keep case they give you, there is too much stuff for the small  packaging they provide you.  I can't close the keep case and the cheap  aluminum cover is kinda lame.  If you put both discs and booklet in there,  it just doesn't fit.  Why didn't they do the same thing as Independence Day  with a keep case that holds everything? (By the way, Independence Day is  the greatest DVD package made yet next to Fight Club).  I am really glad I  didn't pay the full price that everyone else is having to pay.  Word of  advice, buy these DVD's before they are release, always pre-order since you  save between 10 and 15 percent everytime and you don't feel as bad in  buying your selection if isn't everything that you wanted.  If you're a  huge T2 fan, this DVD is a must have.  If you found the movie  &quot;amusing&quot; you'll probably like ID4 or Fight Club a lot better if  you don't own them already.  The only question now is-&quot;What about the  original Terminator movie?&quot;T2 fan, this DVD is a must have.  If you found the movie  &quot;amusing&quot; you'll probably like ID4 or Fight Club a lot better if  you don't own them already.  The only question now is-&quot;What about the  original Terminator movie?&quot;
B0000214F0|3.0|Let me share a true story.<br />Ridley Scott's Gladiator is probably one of  the best movies I have ever seen.  You know, the film with Russell Crowe,  Joaquin Phoenix, etc.  Totally jazzed after seeing the epic Gladiator in  the theater, my girlfriend and I rushed over to the local video store in  search of another Roman-era flick.<br />In the New Release section was ...  Caligula.  (It had just come out on DVD.)  We had never heard of it before.  But starring Malcolm McDowell! and Helen Mirren! and Peter O'Toole!, we  were certain we had found a winner.<br />Boy, were we surprised!  Caligula  turned out to be a banal porno movie albeit a lavish one (a lot of money  must have been spent on this production).  Beyond the overwhelming flesh  and violence, the plot was simply ridiculous!  My girlfriend fell asleep in  20 minutes, but I watched the whole thing (hey, it was too outrageous to  stop).<br />Thank goodness it wasn't our first (or last) date!
B00001ZWTT|2.0|If you are a fan of the original, especially if you watched the show when  it was on in the 60s, give this movie a pass. Like The Avengers, the movie  misses the mark. Sorry, but a black James West in the 1860s would have  never survived in that era, no matter how good his talents were. Will Smith  seemed to forget that a cool, hip black dude works well in Men In Black  (e.g. modern-day movies) but totally unbelieveable in the post Civil  War  days. It's kind of tough to be hip and cool in the post war years when you  are constantly worried about some Southern gent wanting to hang you for the  least little thing (which they attempted to address in the film without  success). <br />Then there is the Kevin Cline role. Those two were at each  other's throats throughout the movie-certainly NOT the same relationship  that Ross Martin's character had with HIS partner! I think both Will Smith  and Kevin Kline are good actors but mismatched in this effort. <br />The evil  villian was just TOO evil-his killings were over the top for a  tongue-in-cheek, campy premise like the TV series. He certainly wasn't  clever like Miguelito, I mean, who the hell is Arliss? Isn't he on HBO  (Arli$$)?<br />Since everyone is so mismatched in this mess of a movie, being  a true fan of the TV show, the movie left me flat. Sorry, Will, maybe  you'll do better in Men In Black II!!!
B000023VR6|4.0|We love this CD!  Dr. Dre kicks butt! We definatly recommend this CD!  Thanks!
6305358567|2.0|Overated as far as story or historical context goes.  The conspiracy never  actually makes you wonder if it's going to work or not.  Sets are medieval,  costumes are gorgeous. Cate is great, but you will come away confused by  the story and owning a number of misconcepts about what actually happened  historically.
0767800958|5.0|This a great chick flick...we love films like this. No, it has no plot...we don't care ! It's about mismatched people falling in love, it's about the tango...<br />Filmed in Paris and Buenos Aires, my favorite scenes are lesson #8 and when she dances with the handsome older man in the club. He's sensational, and I wish we could have seen more of him. Sally Potter is wonderful (see her beautiful &quot;Orlando&quot;), she's a very special talent and as the star of this film she's touching, strong, feminine, and radiant. Pablo Veron ! What a fabulous dancer. If you like any kind of dancing, watch this man. He's perfect for the part and makes the inevitability of her falling for him easy to believe...wouldn't we all ? and oh ! the last kiss...could you die and go to heaven or what ? I love this gorgeous, sensual, romantic film !
B000002VEP|5.0|The Alan Parsons Project's &quot;Gaudi&quot; has had a firm place in my  personal top 10 albums of all-time since I first heard it in 1987. This is  a truly unique concept album, based on an unlikely subject for a  rock-n-roll band,...the life and art of an underappreciated Spanish  architect! I know that it sounds strange on paper, but this album really  WORKS in a big, emotional way! The way that Parsons has worked bits and  pieces of Spanish influence into some of the tracks is quite nice, I  especially the unique percussion sound that I lovingly call &quot;electric  castinets&quot;. Since this is an Alan Parsons album, you can count on a  lot of stylistic variety, and &quot;Gaudi&quot; never dissapoints on that  front. The album kicks off with the rousing and dynamic &quot;La Sagrda  Familia&quot;, one of Parsons longest (at almost 9 minutes) and most  emotional musical statements ever. From there we here moments of pure rock  like &quot;Too Late&quot; and &quot;Money Talks&quot;, beautifully melodic  ballads like &quot;Closer to Haeven&quot;, a Spanish-flavored instrumental  titled &quot;Paseo De Gracia&quot;, and an 80's synth-rock classic known as  &quot;Standing on Higher Ground&quot;. The fine cast of vocalists (Lenny  Zakatek, John Miles, Eric Woolfson, Geoff Barradale) add a lot of punch to  their perspective tracks, and Parsons usual throng of musicians put in some  of their finest work here, especially Ian Bairnson (guitar) and Stuart  Elliot (drums). As usual with Parsons, the production is top-notch, with  every instrument clear and audible in the mix at all times.  &quot;Gaudi&quot; is a unique listening experience that should NOT be  missed.
B000002KHF|4.0|my stepfather used 2 take the family 4 long drives 2 a favorite restaurant  or city, etc. and he would put this on the cassette player. i heard this  recording quite a bit when i was growing up, so it brings me pleasant  memories to hear these songs. i remember thinking that when he sang  &quot;and when i hear that foghorn whistle blow,...&quot; that it was an  actual foghorn (from 'into the mystic'). when i bought the cd 15 years  later it sounded as fresh yet familiar as the times when i was younger.  un4tunately i could not get past 'into the mystic' songwise but the first 5  are definitely worth the purchase of the cd. my fave van morrison; natural,  pure, soulful, timeless.
0380796090|5.0|Actually, not new to some people, but new to me.  I was so  happy to  discover this author! She has such a wonderful way of words and a way of  taking a rather tragic situtation and making the reader laugh out loud.   Since reading WATERMELON I have been happy to locate Marian Keyes'  subsequent books - all in their British/Irish editions.  LAST CHANCE SALOON  was my favorite - I found it in London last fall, but unfortunately it is  not yet available in the states.  US readers will have to satisfy  themselves with RACHEL'S HOLIDAY (a spin off from Watermelon about one of  the sisters) and LUCY SULLIVAN IS GETTING married. If you like the humor of  American authors such as Jennifer Crusie or Trish Jensen then you should  certainly enjoy Marian Keyes.
B000007U6W|5.0|this was the soundtrack 4 many a car ride my family took when i was  younger. my mom used 2 hate it, saying it wasn't music because there are no  words, and i remember thinking that music is music and that it's supposed 2  form images in your mind. which is what this is-mind music. 'autobahn' is  like going on a car ride-imagine u are in the countryside when listening 2  this. people weaned on today's techno, or music in general, might think  this is hokey because of the technology of the time which is nothing  compared 2 today's stuff , but again this exists 2 form images in your  mind. it's 2 bad that it sells at an import price- it should be made more  accessible pricewise if only 2 hear the 22-minute title track, which is  alone worth the price of the cd.
B00004RFFU|4.0|I am a huge fan of Anne Rice's work. So, naturally, I was enthused to see  this movie, but there are pros and cons. The biggest con I find in this  film is the horrible casting job of Antonio Banderas as Armand. Not that  Antonio didn't do a great job, but he did not look the part. Anyone who  read the book knows of Armand's beautiful youth. Anne's passionate writing  style is magnafied when describing the soft, innocent look held in Armand's  face. He is the ultimate child vampire, rivaled only by Claudia, who no  longer exists. To see Antonio in this role confuses me. How could Anne  consent to this? Or did she have a choice? <BR> As far as the pros go, I  would have to agree with the fact that Tom Cruise does a fantastic job  recreating the lustful, tormenting character of Lestat. The master De  Lioncourt springs from the pages and onto the screen when Tom sinks his  fangs into an unsuspecting neck.  <BR> I also praise Kirsten Dunst for her  portrayal of Claudia. Though Claudia was much younger in the book, I do not  believe an actress that age would have been able to understand the part.  Kirsten was only 11 when she took on the part, but she made Claudia the  tormented doll child she was meant to be. <BR> This movie trys to capture  the esscence of the book, and does a commendable job, but  doesn't match  it's literary couterpart. I reccomend to anyone who's seen this movie to  read the book, and then read the rest of the series. You'll find that there  is much more to Louis, Lestat, Armand, and even Claudia. (Here's a tip,  after Queen of the Damned, it falls)
B000002LCI|5.0|this album/cd/whatever format got me thru high school. accessible enough  for appeal yet dark enough 2 get down 2 how we feel at the most troubled of  times. 2 me, it's more natural sounding(?) than 'black celebration; it also  hasn't dated as easily. some of the songs from here are still familiar 2  most people, but it's the unknown ones that were always my favorites. 'the  things you said' could be considered their 'i heard it thru the  grapevine'-thematically they are the same; 'sacred' just hit me a while  ago-lyrically it's about spreading the word of god and being proud of it;  and 'pimpf', 12-13 years later still scares me. do not listen 2 this song  in the dark. hear it and u won't wonder why. anybody who has heard a  requiem mass will know what i am talking about. listen 2 this cd from  beginning 2 end in one shot-it's not a song cycle but it sounds complete  when doing so. again, still worth listening 2 after all these years.
B00000JCB2|3.0|This CD is ok it's one of those where you really like it or you really  don't it's not as 'hardcore' as &quot;3 Dollar Bill, Y'all&quot; obviously  they have officially strayed from that 'hardcore' path into a realm of  lighter more corny sound that's catchy to most teens but it retains enough  cursing to worry most parental groups most of the songs on this CD have to  do with Fred's past lovers in some way or another then followed by his  constant excuses of why he did something (Example: Nookie)  so if you are a  teenybopper or are a sporty person i suggest you buy this CD (if you  haven't already) and if you can't buy ICP's latest 'hit' because of it's  content or something close to that i suggest you try this band out
B000002MU3|5.0|i don't understand everyone's ambivalence towards this album. this album  has become like the forgotten child in the family who is probably the best  member of it. every song on here is just fantastic; who knew they had this  kind of power? just total guitar distortion the whole way thru. gives nods  to all their influences and makes people aware that as much as they have a  folk influence they also have a glam/rock/at-the-time grunge influence. the  beats kick, the guitars hit, and of course michael stipe's voice is buried.  u didn't think they wouldn't be r.e.m. in a lyrically comprehensible  way???????
0671034065|4.0|Jaine Bright and three of the women she works with meet every Friday after  work for a glass of wine, a little dinner and a lot of talking.  Tonight  the conversation zeros in on their problems with men and the four soon find  themselves making a list of the attributes they'd want in the perfect man.   He needs to be faithful, nice, dependable, have a steady job and a sense of  humor.  But soon the list continues on to great in bed and then to more  X-rated items.  All in good fun among four good friends.  That is until  somebody gets hold of it and sends out a company newsletter titled Mr  Perfect.  From there everything snowballs, The List moves on to news  articles and television segments and takes on a life of its own.  Women  love it, men think it's sexist and offensive and Jaine Bright and her  friends just thought it was a private joke. That is, until one of the four  is murdered.  Now the three remaining friends are afraid for their lives  and the police are wondering if The List incited the killer.  Linda Howard  has written a witty, sexy, fast paced mystery that will keep you turning  pages to the very end.  Her writing is down to earth and irreverent with  vivid scenes, that at times will have you laughing out loud.  This is a  book that has it all...good, tight story, fun characters you can relate to,  romance, suspense and a mystery that will keep you guessing to the very  end.  A great book to take on vacation or to the beach.
B000002LK1|4.0|doesn't mean it's any more or less &quot;them&quot; than any others, but  looking at the track selection makes it way 2 see why. i would say that 4  the first time in their careers they were able 2 make the drum machines  more natural-making things sound more crisp and there4 not so mechanical.  the riffs are also funkier, due 2 the influence of r&amp;b,rockabilly, and  country that they began listening 2 at this time. all this makes it natural  2 get moving 2 this. lyrically, the best is 'policy of truth': i always  thought of this song as political, something that our leaders should think  of when promising things (&quot;read my lips-no new taxes&quot;) and not  delivering. 'waiting 4 the night' is the only non-single i like; it's a  very spare, darker-kraftwerk martin gore effort that sounds great in its  minimalist ambience. although released at the dawn of manchester rave, the  cd sounds fantastic. one more note: somehow it's not as loud, meaning u  will have 2 have your stereo volume up 4 it 2 sound good. maybe a better  mixing job on future printings is needed.
0780020685|5.0|Aside from Lawrence of Arabia, I cannot imagine another movie in excess of  three hours that has held me this captive.  Certainly, Kurosawa's  masterpiece, one of the greatest of adventure movies.<br />Criterion has done  its usual superb job in the nearly flawless transfer.  Japanese film expert  Jeck provides a superlative commentary and, unlike many I've seen, actually  discusses the movie nearly scene by scene.  Some of the many highlights:   (1) the great supporting performances, many from Kurosawa's &quot;stock  company&quot; of actors he has used on his many movies, (2) Mifune's great  performance, the highlight of which is a lenghty speech given into the  camera, revealing his characters background and the reasons for his  conflicted feelings about the farmers and the samurai, and (3) some of the  greatest action sequences on film, in particular the climatic battle in a  driving rainstorm.  <br />It is truly amazing how you get swept up into the  lives of the characters. If you only were limited to ten DVDs, this is one  which must be in your collection.  A final note:  for those of you who have  never seen this film but enjoyed &quot;The Magnificant Seven&quot; (the  Americanized version of this story), a warning.  After seeing &quot;The  Seven Samurai,&quot; you will no longer want to waste any time watching Yul  Brynner, whose only similarity to his Japanese counterpart is a bald head!
B00004T8RK|4.0|Yes, Eddie, we know.  After ten years, we have realised that you aren't  always a happy chap, and as such, we take you to be a serious artist.  We  feel your pain.  We realise that you probably hate Breakerfall for it's  simplicity.  We know that you can't be happy with the way that Evacuation  sounds like Soundgarden.  But we also know that you must be chuffed with  Soon Forget, the ode to Scrooges everywhere, cna likewise your two anthems  Indifference and Greivance, two of the best sengs you've ever made.  We  know that the constant Gilmore-ing on Nothing as It Seems must get tiresome  [and live we welcome Jeff Ament's pretentiosness by allowing him to play it  on Stand Up Double Bass!  AAAARCH!!!], and we equally know that whatever  you do, the album is gonna be amazing.  Simple as that.  And it is, to all  extents and purposes.  Fine, it isn't as cohesive as the aforementioned  trilody of genius, but, hey, it's better than yeild, and a change of  rpoducer has done them the world of good.  Let's see what they could do  with Dave Fridmann, he of Flaming Lips and Mercury Rev fame.  That would be  truly amazing.  Ah, we can but dream.
B000001I0Q|5.0|The LORDS were the first punks to grow up, all the while keeping their  humor and seriousness in tact. They weren't afraid to go deep and they  definitely weren't afaid to get cheeky. They could be sophisticated and/or  campy without batting an eye. The first release changed the rules of rock n  roll by offering listeners more of everything in all directions. Thank the  LORDS they weren't afraid to take a chance. They had a DeathSurf Beat, and  a poetic prowse. The bass drove it home, and the guitars slashed at every  turn. GloomMoody, Rock n Roll !! Viva La Lords.
B00002Z88D|5.0|S &amp; M is undoubtedly the most complete album released by metallica to  date.  The syphony orchestra (nice work guys!) adds a whole new depth and  completeness to the already incredible sensory experience that metallica  live offers. Allowing the musicians of metallica to explore new reaches  with their songs. A true music making masterpiece!
B00004SCX6|4.0|Britney Spears' Ooops!..I did it again is good, but it could still use a  little work.  While the songs, &quot;Stronger&quot;, &quot; Don't Go  Knockin&quot;, and &quot; Can't Make You Love Me&quot; are great, some of  the songs aren't quite up to the 'Britney' standard as I like to call it.   The Rolling Stones' &quot;No Satisfaction&quot; isn't one of those songs  that you can remake and have it as good as the older version.  But  throughout the whole CD you get a good vibe from Britney even if she can't  sing as well as Celine or Whitney.  So, Britney keep 'em comin'!
6305535264|5.0|Three characters are plenty to fill out this stylish Sci-Fi chestnut, wherein Kirk Douglas and Farrah Fawcett are lone scientists stationed on a  remote planet as they try to develop a sustainable new food source for  Earth folks who are starvin'. Their idyllic little existence is shattered  when Harvey Keitel stops by with his big, badass robot-in-a-box, Hector, in  tow. Between salivating over Farrah and plotting how to get into her pants,  Harvey assembles Hector, and the two share minds for a while, effectively  indoctrinating Hector to the wild woolly world of Harvey's bad manners,  general evil, and a supreme desire to knock boots with Farrah.
B00004SCX6|5.0|Although i am a huge Britney Spears fan, i must admit that i wasnt sure  how many stars to give this cd. I really enjoy listening to this album but  there are a few songs that i dont really like, such as Dear Diary because  of its very poppish sound, and its also very slow, and i dont really like  One Kiss from You either. This is a pretty good album, she really has  matured alot since her last album, i dont really know rather to tell you to  buy it or not to buy it, its really a 50/50 chance rather you will like it  or not.
6304077955|4.0|Director Mike Leigh's darkest film is also his most brilliant. Leigh's filmmaking style is almost completely improvisational meaning he gives the  actors the most bare bone story structure but works intently with them on  their characters. Then, he lets them loose and the actors come up with  their own dialogue which in turn leads the story down paths depending on  what their  character's choices are (much like real life). David Thewlis  came into international stardom with his one of a kind, amazing performance  spouting off monologues covering everything from sex and relationships to  the connection between religion, god and bar codes. This movie goes deeper  than most could ever hope to and has a wonderful cast of actors that truly  seem to live the twisted tale.
0385484518|5.0|Where I live, I teach Finance part-time in the Honors Department of the  most prestigious university. I love teaching and enjoy every minute of it.   I love my students and have gone, and will still go through, the extra mile  for them. I enjoyed sharing new materials that could probably help them  &quot;when the rubber meets the road&quot; (meaning, after graduation),  they resented it. Sadly, most of the new breed of students didn't like the  load I gave - too much reading, too much extra work, too much of everything  - they said. <br />I was in the west coast last May for a meeting and stayed  with relatives San Francisco. Coming from a family of academicians and  professionals, they understood my sentiment and recommended the book. How  does one make an impact in the life of others? How do you leave an 'after  glow&quot; to your students, as Morrie did?<br />The book is a humbling  process and a reminder of what matters most in life.  I am glad that this  book was a collaboration of two very credible people - an honest  journalist, and a highly respected professor. Reading through Tuesdays with  Morrie reinforced some valued and principles. <br />I have read a lot of  reviews on this book. I don't mind that the focus of most readers have been  on Morrie Schwartz. But I'd say that I tip my hat off to Alboom - it takes  a lot of courage to be honest with your feelings when you are the writer  and be able to share it in all honesty. I have to say that I admire and  respect the integrity of the way Mitch Alboom wrote the book and I bet  Morrie may even be smiling on him.
6305627347|4.0|One of 1999's best films. In this brilliant big screen adaptation of the  popular weekly cartoon series, creators Trey Parker and Matt Stone  completely outdo themselves. By choosing to offend everyone possible, they  push the vulgarity to the max and, just when you think you've seen or heard  something totally shocking (and you were right), they turn up the volume.  And speaking of decibels... in case you missed the Academy Awards, South Park  is a musical, not full of the latest pop hits, but with full-scale classic  movie musical numbers involving elaborate (for a crumbily drawn cartoon)  dance numbers and memorable song choruses. If you want something totally  fresh and hilarious, do not miss this film.
B00003W8NM|5.0|This movie is completely about self-impowerment. But don't be fooled, I don't mean by the surface level either. The movie dares you to make a major  decision on your own. If you don't get that question and you don't like the  film then you weren't chosen. This film is that good. It choose who should  and shouldn't get its message and exactly who is best deserving. The more  you think about it the more you will want to watch it and the more it will  scare you and force you to search yourself, with unparalleled style and  abrasive humor. It is not about violence or the effects of it, not the  effects of an oversexed soceity or none of the other things the majority of  &quot;them&quot; want you to think it is about. It is what it is to every  individual who sees it; which is the highest plateau that art can reach and  should reach. It allows something so seemingly brutal and relentless to  truly be beautiful.
6305342768|5.0|Disney really pushed the envelope on this unique space opera that was  waaaay ahead of its time. This movie fronts a killer (and expensive) cast  whose talents pretty much pale when placed up against the backdrop of such  exquisite production design, mesmerizing robots, and sheer staggering scope  of &quot;The Black Hole.&quot; The basic story was pinched in &quot;Event  Horizon,&quot; wherein a black hole turns out to be the gate to Hell! Whoa!  Uncle Walt musta' been spinnin' in his grave for this one!
0805062971|3.0|I saw the movie first and I think it is a masterpiece in film. Absolutley  everything about it is classic in the way of Goodfellas and Citizen Kane  and all those others, to me. Knowing that often times that usually the book  is better than the movie I thought that this thing must be a mammoth. Maybe  the movie ruined me for the book but i still think that it translates to  film better. And some of the events in the book, when done in the film  don't seem to make as much sense or don't play out as well. Take for  instance how Tyler and Jack (or Joe going by the book) meet. In the book  the symbolism of the hand is suitable but a little heavy-handed. If you are  in awe of the movie as much as me then the book is a good companion, but  something you can just take out from the library or borrow from a friend  unless you really really love the movie. Then you should just get the damn  book.
0449002632|5.0|A young boy plays in the shallows of a river which will someday be called  the Thames.  He lifts his head to see a mass of Roman soldiers on the other  side.  So begins &quot;London&quot;, another wonderful book by Edward  Rutherford, whose expertise in history is woven into wonderful vignettes  about the families he follows down through the ages.<br />Don't let the 1000  plus pages intimidate you; you will be hooked, and you will finish.  Of  course, that one finishes is the only regret- I could've kept reading this  book for years
B00004RHZU|5.0|this is one of the best cds ive heared. all the monej i payed of it was  worth it..its even more than i expected! i promise ja! ! much love
0449000729|5.0|When I opened the Christmas package containing a large hardcover volume of  &quot;London&quot; a few years ago, I thought it would be miraculous for my  interest to be captivated.  Well, I was wrong.  Wrong enough that I had to  buy Sarum, and The Forest.<br />Rutherford is able to endow his characters  with personalities and  family traits and kinks.  His ability to create  several lineages of families is what keeps me reading his books.  His  knowledge of history and how to place characters within specific contexts  keeps the reader entertained, and unwittingly educated!<br />A must read for  Anglophiles.
0671578855|5.0|I don't knwo how she does it, but Bujold has delivered another tour de  force. That phrase is really getting redundant with her! This is another  welcome addition to the Vorkosigan saga, but it can also be a good place to  start for those who haven't read her.  I have read entire works of authors  that don't have one scene in them as good or as funny as the dinner party  scene. And there are some truly startling and intriguing characters  devloped in here, including some really good strong female characters like  she does so well. Good strong female characters in an ostensibly  patriarchal society is a fruitful situation for Bujold.  This book meets my  ultimate test of a truly memorable novel; I pick it up and read sections  out of it, or just read the whole thing over again. She goes down easy, and  you don't necessarily consciously realize the points she's  getting across  until you read them again. I only have one minor quibble with this book,  and it's not with the book at all, it's the cover illustration. For some  reason, the publishers or whoever switched cover artists  on this one, to  someone who has not only obviously never read a single Miles Vorkosigan  story, but learned his anatomy from chickens! The cover illustration is  TERRIBLE! But buy the book anyway, it's a great read. I'd love to see her  do another fantasy novel.
B00003CXFU|5.0|Erin Brockovich is an amazing person. She has the confidence to wear what  she wants and say what she wants without caring what anyone else thinks.  She never lets anyone push her around but cares a lot for people. So when  she gets a job at a law office and finds something suspecious happening  with a major company. She pounces on the case. When she finds out that  PG&amp;E is causing people cancer and even death she's willing to put her  whole life on hold to stop it. But will she survive.<br />THis was an amazing  movie about a strong woman who dosen't let just anyone push her around. I  liked a Civil action and I think this was even better. I would really like  to meet the real Erin Brockovich, I consider her to be a real positive role  model (minus the swearing of course).
0425170349|2.0|I get a bit of a chuckle seeing the previous reviews that claim Rainbow  Six as Tom Clancy's best novel ever.  In fact, he has never equalled his  first novel, The Hunt for Red October, although Patriot Games and Cardinal  of the Kremlin were quite good.<br />To summarize briefly, Rainbow Six is  Clancy's ninth novel in what I call the Ryanverse.  Jack Ryan is not a  character in this novel, although he is alluded to.  The plot centers  around longtime CIA agent John Clark, the hero of Without Remorse and a  major character in other novels.  In this novel, Clark becomes the head of  Rainbow, an elite, multinational antiterrorist unit.  A group of radical  environmentalists plot to unleash a deadly virus  and kill off all human  life, and the Rainbow team must uncover their plan and stop them.  There  are lots of set-piece action scenes along the way.<br />Rainbow Six represents  an improvement over Clancy's last novel, Executive Orders, in a couple of  respects.  First, Jack Ryan is offstage.  Ryan's possibilities as a  plausible character were pretty much exhausted by the end of The Sum of All  Fears, and since then the Ryan novels have become less and less believable.   Second, the plot is more focused around a single story, rather than the  multiple plot-lines of the last novel.  Unfortunately, these plusses are  more than offset by several serious weaknesses.<br />The strength of Clancy's  best novels was in their combination of seat-clutching suspense and  technical realism (or at least the apearance thereof).  In Rainbow Six,  however, there are signs that Clancy's techincal mastery is slipping.  His  unawareness that the seasons are reversed in the Southern Hemisphere is  laughable, and other reviewers here have noted several technical details  that Clancy gets wrong.<br />Rainbow Six also displays many of the other  weaknesses that have increasingly plagued the Ryan novels.  Once again, we  get a tiresome dose of Clancy's right-wing political views.  In thisbook  we she what he thinks of environmentalists--to a man, they are portrayed as  wackos who subscribe to views that sound like a wild caricature of the deep  ecology movement.  Clancy simply has no idea of what real environmentalists  believe or of the diversity of beliefs across the environmental movement.  <br />We also see Clancy's continuing tendency to recycle plot elements  from  previous novels.  The bioterrorism plot in Rainbow Six is just a rehash of  the almost identical caper from Executive Orders.  We also get at least the  fourth rehash of the &quot;terrorist  threat to loved ones of the  heroes&quot; scenario.  When Clancy first used this storyline, in Patriot  Games, it made sense within the development of the story.  Now it's just a  way to slip another action scene in.<br />In short, Rainbow Six is for diehard  Clancy fans only.
B00003CWTI|5.0|kind of similar to &quot;short cuts&quot; but with an amazing climax!
B00004T37H|5.0|I was sort of worried that Princess Mononoke would suffer a little when it came to video.  Mainly I was worried about the sound and dubbing, but I  didn't need to worry.  It even seems like they re-dubbed a bit of it  because now the beast gods actually move their mouths a bit when they  speak.  <br />The film itself is amazing, and just beautiful.  This has to be  one of the best anime titles I have seen yet, and I have seen quite a few.   The only flaw that I saw with this one was two of the dub voices.  Billy  Bob Thorton and Gillian Anderson did a good job but their voices didn't  help make the characters.  A great dub voice that cancled out all the  problems was Mini Driver.  She was great and even though you knew she was  doing the voice it worked well with the character.<br />All in all this is a  great movie, and a must buy when the price drops.
B00004TRD8|4.0|This movie is one of my all time favorites. Ever since I saw the T-1000's  liquid metal phase, I was hooked. This movie's plot is unlike anything else  you will ever find. With fantastic special effects, surround sound  capabilities, and a story line like no other, this DVD is a must buy for  any action fan.
0375420525|5.0|&quot;House of Leaves&quot; is a visual marvel, the kind of novel that  might have been written earlier if Franz Kafka had studied Daedalus'  mythological labyrinth or had seen Stephen King's &quot;The Shining,&quot;  a story which sets its own chilling climax within a maze.<br />When you start  reading &quot;House of Leaves,&quot; you think you're just reading a  slightly atypical novel about an atypical house, but after a while, the  book turns on you.  Footnotes stretch to span several pages, the word  &quot;house&quot; takes on an eerie significance, and then, everything is  turned upside-down, as well as backwards, vertical, and every other  direction.  The book has become the house it has been describing.  In the  same way the family in the story discovers a &quot;new&quot; hallway behind  a door that used to open into the backyard, you, the reader, finally  realize this book (this house) is not quite what it seems.<br />This novel  gives much more than just words and their juxtapositions, it also supplies  several &quot;exhibits,&quot; startling photographs, cryptic letters from  one of the narrator's mothers, and strangely enough, an index.  Nothing  about this novel is typical.  In one rescue sequence, a rope snaps while  carrying one of the rescue team's members up a long shaft.  To show the  action of this horrifying turn of events, the word &quot;snaps&quot; is  spread over three pages: sn-; -a- ;-ps.  This is the genius behind this  novel.<br />The book arrests all your attention, doing more than just  demanding it.  It reminds one of &quot;The Blair Witch Project&quot; in the  way that if you didn't know it wasn't real, you would believe it.  You  might think, &quot;This could be the house next door or that one on the  corner with the picket fence.&quot;  It works the same way even if you know  it's fiction; it's too enticing not to believe and too terrifying to give  in.
B000001DYD|5.0|I love everything by PJ Harvey:  I give five stars to every one or her  CDs (even &quot;Dance Hall At Louse Point&quot; and &quot;Four-Track  Demo&quot;).  But &quot;Rid of Me&quot; will always hold a special place in  my heart because . . .  well, because it was my first.  And it is the one I  like best.  I bought it close to five years ago, after reading an interview  with her in Rolling Stone.  I quickly grew to like her when I read what she  had to say.  Her attitude reminded me of the more serious girls I knew in  art school.  She came across as genuine and thoughtful; a humble  individual, not impressed by herself, but interested in covering new ground  artistically.  I also liked it that she is a student of the Bible (I, too,  am a student of the Bible, though I'm not going to say I'm a very good one  [her most Biblically inspired CD to date is &quot;Dry&quot;, and I'm not  just taking about the songs &quot;Hair&quot; and &quot;Water&quot;  either]).<br />I decided to check out PJ Harvey, so I set out to obtain  &quot;To Bring You My Love&quot; (her latest release at the time), but that  day there was not a copy available at Zia (a local CD outlet).  So I  settled on &quot;Rid of Me&quot;.  When I heard it the first time I thought  it would definitely be a short-timer in my collection.  It was more roaring  and raucous than I expected, with profanity scattered throughout.  So I  said to myself,  &quot;I'm glad I got that out of my system,&quot; and I  planned to offer it up, as soon as possible, at the trade counter.  Yet . .  . part of me -- that part that all artists and lovers of art know about, a  part that views everything on its own without regard for any acquired  personal taste -- had an aesthetic experience.  Something inside felt I had  just listened to something really great.  I have loved PJ Harvey ever  since.<br />Her singing voice is like a hybrid of Janis Joplin and Patti  Smith (though she claims to have only heard Patti Smith only after  comparisons were made).  Her guitar work is not complicated.  The places  where you'd expect a lead guitar solo she gives you hard repetitive rhythm  guitar.  Yet it is more than purely functional.  Her guitar style suggests  a mercenary with an assault rifle -- a petite 90 pound shy little English  country girl wielding the great equalizer, firing on all those things out  there that has, or wants to have, control over her.  Joe Gore, guitarist  for Tom Waits and a guitarist for Harvey on &quot;To Bring You My  Love&quot; and &quot;Is This Desire&quot;, admires her method of guitar  playing, saying she: &quot;renders her tough and ingenious riffs with  enough violent emotion to make Tarantino flinch.&quot;<br />Though I love PJ  Harvey, she is not someone I recommend to everyone.  It's kind of like  telling everyone they should see &quot;Reservoir Dogs&quot;, &quot;Sid And  Nancy&quot;, or &quot;Fight Club&quot; -- you're not going to convince  everyone that something valuable is being rendered.  And, I guess, I you  shouldn't have to.comparisons were made).  Her guitar work is not complicated.  The places  where you'd expect a lead guitar solo she gives you hard repetitive rhythm  guitar.  Yet it is more than purely functional.  Her guitar style suggests  a mercenary with an assault rifle -- a petite 90 pound shy little English  country girl wielding the great equalizer, firing on all those things out  there that has, or wants to have, control over her.  Joe Gore, guitarist  for Tom Waits and a guitarist for Harvey on &quot;To Bring You My  Love&quot; and &quot;Is This Desire&quot;, admires her method of guitar  playing, saying she: &quot;renders her tough and ingenious riffs with  enough violent emotion to make Tarantino flinch.&quot;<br />Though I love PJ  Harvey, she is not someone I recommend to everyone.  It's kind of like  telling everyone they should see &quot;Reservoir Dogs&quot;, &quot;Sid And  Nancy&quot;, or &quot;Fight Club&quot; -- you're not going to convince  everyone that something valuable is being rendered.  And, I guess, I you  shouldn't have to.
B000031XCR|5.0|Celine Dion is one of the greatest vocalists ever to live. So I ran out  and got this CD. I don't regret it! All of the songs on here are timeless.  My favorites are &quot;If You Asked Me To&quot;, &quot;To Love You  More&quot;, and  &quot;I Want You To Need Me&quot;. All of the songs are  worth a listen, but one that should be on here is &quot;Where does My Heart  Beat Now&quot;. Celine takes average songs and makes them awesome.  Hopefully there will be a second, but this one will suffice until then.
B00004T37H|5.0|Though I had heard about the movie in magazines, I only recently rented  this on a whim. I can not recall a movie that has pulled such emotion from  me as this has. Not just for Anime geeks, this film will delight anyone who  watches it. It is the perfect allegory of man versus beast, as well as  man's friendship with beasts. The music of the film is captivating, as are  the talented cast that lend their voices to bring depth to the characters.  The lush animation provides a great deal of depth as well, but it is the  story and situations that bring these characters to life. This is hands  down the best animated film of all time. It gets everything right. See it  the next opportunity you have!
B000002B35|5.0|if you have one live pink floyd album, make this be it! sure, the dark side of the moon on the second disc sounds like the original, with a few added bonuses. but that is only a third of the set. the rest is one of the  most amazing musical experiences one will receive. with a solid crazy  daimond opener, this disc gets somewhere from the start, a dramatic keep  talking follows after a few tracks, but this disc's heart is the amazing  and jaw dropping sorrow and another brick in the wall pt. 2, with high  hopes filling the gap. with the entire band filling out the space with  solid jam halfway through sorrow, and the back-up vocals of claudia  fontaine and her crew screaming out in tune with the beat and gilmour's  cosmic guitar as he pulls out high pitch notes going up, up, up with every  beat, but as he comes down a step of the highest one, then down another is  were your the pulse of the music grabs a hold of your brian and yanks it  right out of your head, as it mellows down with the serene ringing of the  division bell and wright's keyboards with high hopes it only is giving you  time to recuperate before you're hit again with another musical explosion  of another brick in the wall pt. 2, though not one of the best songs in  their repertoire, this version blows the competition out of the water,  starting of slowly with the sound samples and a subtle rythm guitar into  the gospel like vocals which pump up the music to a new hight before  crashing into the opening &quot;we dont need no education..&quot; and  building to the best delivered line of &quot;leave your kids alone!&quot;  with gilmour end on a high pitched note wich gives me shivers every time.  after the kids have their turn with the vocals, gilmour shouts out with his  guitar, pulling some amazing riffs with one of the best live jams i have  ever heard. in truth, i bought the whole 30 dollar cd for this track,  before hearing the rest. as the pattern goes from higher notes and back  down to the lowerones, then building back up, to glass breaking pitches  with such ease and great flow, an abslolutely amazing experience with or  without a certain &quot;aide&quot;. disc two features dsotm in it's  entirety, though most of it sounds much like the studio, though a little  better. the gains of this version include the claudia fontaine's vocals,  though great on studio, they are delivered with much more power and feeling  live, giving me goosebumps everytime i hear it, plus a great jam in money  as again, fontaine improvises and jumps around the room with her voice, as  delicate as a butterfly, though capable of being as powerful as a finger of  god. though the real treats on this cd are the encores, with the classic  and beautifully played, wish you were hear wich makes you press the repeat  button. a stratospheric comfortably numb follows, as with the first disc  with sorrow and brick pt. 2, this track starts out normal but by the end  you are a changed being, as if you were shot through a wormhole and ended  up in a parallel universe. a hard pumping run closes the disc and wraps up  the most amazing live floyd released. as simple as that
B000001Y79|5.0|this cd and this band r awesome!  no doubt has been my favorite band ever  since i was in second grade.  if you enjoy classic rock and awesome beats  you'll love this cd.  the best songs are spiderwebs, tragic kingdom, just a  girl and end it on this.  buy this cd and all off no doubt's others.  they  all kick.
0790738074|5.0|Robert Preston and Shirley Jones did a captivating job as the sneaky Harold Hill and the beautiful Marian Paroo. They went together beautifully.  And I think that they did a great job! Excellent if you like musicals, and  gorgeously put together with the music and the choreography. The Schipoopi  is something to behold, and so is the &quot;Lida Rose/will I Tell  you&quot;. Great movie!
B000002UTT|5.0|This is top 40/dance music the way it should be played---much better than  the corporate dreck of the BSB or NSYNC.  &quot;Joyride&quot; is a good CD  too, even though it didn't get as much radio airplay as this one.
B00004TFK3|5.0|If I were to rate this movie on its own I would give it four stars, mainly  because its not a movie that sticks with me, its just fun to watch once in  awhile. This limited edition package is really quite nice. When you take  the wrapping off you will notice the case isn't like anything else. If  anything, its originality is similar to the Fight Club's packaging. It  opens up much like a book, which I think is really cool. As for the  contents on the DVD's themselves, Disc One contains both a fullscreen and  widescreen version of the movie, and Disc Two holds all the goodies. There  is a feature where you get to watch two scenes being broken down from the  first storyboards to the final cut. That is interesting to watch. Another  original feature is a scene editing workshop, that lets you &quot;try&quot;  and be and editor. This feature took a little while to figure out how to  use, but once I tried it out, I realized how bad I would be at editing a  movie :) Overall, this is a nice dvd to have, although it is anywhere from  $5-10 more than the regular version, so it is a bit pricey. My suggestion  would be only spend the extra money if you really like this movie.
0451191153|1.0|Like the rest of Rand's work, this is an occasionally entertaining but  sloppily reasoned diatribe promoting a surprisingly stilted and immature  view of economics and society.  Hers is a stridently simplistic and  sophomoric philosophy, far removed from the kind of carefully reasoned  discourse one expects from someone alleged to be a &quot;great  philosopher&quot;.<br />Rand's plots are unctuously contrived to buttress her  obsessively monochromatic portrait of human nature, one oblivious to life's  true subtleties and uninformed by a deeper wisdom.  Her characters are  cardboard cutouts designed for little more than advancing her childish  laissez-faire rhetoric, and seem utterly incapable of even thinking of the  kind of insightful questions that could mar the author's heavy handed  operatic themes.<br />Perhaps most troubling for me personally are her paeans  to reason, something I consider to be the foremost of human  accomplishments, but which in Rand's clumsy hands devolves disgracefully  into blind, uncritical adherence to her churlish libertarian dogma of  unrestrained greed and reckless individualism.  With such  &quot;friends&quot;, reason needs no enemies!<br />There are those that  actually argue that the fact that Rand is so vilified by thoughtful  reviewers means that she must be &quot;on to something&quot;.  This is a  remarkably vapid observation, for one still routinely hears and reads much  justifiable criticism of numerous historical figures who have helped to  reverse human progress.  Perhaps you can think of a few...<br />To conclude,  fans of Rand's books, in my experience, seem to have been all-too-easily  bamboozled by one-dimensional characters with no trace of nuance,  profound-sounding but empty-headed sophistry, and all-out rhetorical  sledgehammer blows wielded in the service of avarice.<br />My advice to  readers is to pick up some real philosophy or science or carefully reasoned  economic work -- or even the latest thriller -- and toleave Ayn Rand's  deluded, crackpot vision to the dustbin of history.
6302561841|5.0|I can't help but have a big smile on my face whenever I watch Charlie  Chaplin. Maybe it's because whenever I see him I think back to when I was  younger, and spent several hours in front of the tv watching his movies, or  maybe it's simply because, the man was funny! This movie has what I feel is  one of the most heartfelt endings in movie history. As we see &quot;the  tramp&quot; and his then wife, the very beautiful Paulette Goddard walk  into the sunset. They have no idea what the future will bring for them.  They have no money,and no jobs. But what they do have is their love for  each other. And if all of this were not enough, Chaplin wrote, what is  probably his best known song, though &quot;Eternally&quot; is a close  second, &quot;Smile&quot; is playing in the background. It's a very  emotional scene. And it's hard to believe that a man who made so many laugh  over the period of his career was able to make just as many cry. That was  the Chaplin touch. He could create some of the most funniest things ever  filmmed and at the very same time could think of the most heartfelt. But  it's not just the ending scene that remain memorable, no, there are many  many other highpoints as well. We have Charlie actually getting caught  inside one of the machines! And we have his song and dance, which actually  did have sound, besides this scene and the music, there's no other sound.  This was, as many know Chaplin's last silent film. This is a movie  filmlovers of all ages should watch. A wonderful movie by one of the  funiest people that ever lived. A real treasure for everyone to see.
B000001FDI|4.0|If you are a fan of the type of jazz / blues rock coming out of The SF Bay  area during the late '60s and early '70s, then you probably already have  this album.  If you don't then this is certainly one you should have in  your collection because it is among the best representatives from the  tradition of folks like Cream, Traffic, Alman Bros., Grateful Dead, etc.     It's got the creative lyrics, engaging rhythms, and the long jams that make  this stuff such an interesting listen.  It is truly one of the timeless  ones.  I only gave it four stars because, while very good, it is not among  the best albums out there in the world.  If compared simply to other albums  within this genre, it should certainly receive five-stars.
B00003CXDF|1.0|About this movie! I remember seeing the ad's for this movie, thinking it really does look awful. They seemed to have abandon the old tv show's  formula, and replace it with this junk! When I went to the theater to see  this movie, I had no idea I was going to be watching the latest James Bond  film! It's hard to believe Robert Towne could have written such garbage.  I've heard people say the first one was confusing, which to be honest, I  can't understand why they say that, but if they thought that one was  confusing, wait till they see this one! There's such a lack of plot here,  that the same &quot;tricks&quot; or &quot;devices&quot; are played over and  over again, untill the point where I just couldn't take it anymore. Just  how many time did they want to work on the &quot;mask switching&quot;!  It  must of happened at the very least 6 or 7 times. I can't understand how an  actor( if you can really call him that) like Tom Cruise can go from making  a great movie like &quot;Eyes Wide Shut&quot; to this. And as for Thandie  Newton, I have some advice for her, before you start ruining movies like  Bertolucci's &quot;Besiege&quot; and this one, why don't you consider  acting lesson. And I'm only saying this for her own good, if she plans on  continuing making movies. Now for the directing. I've heard many many  people speak very high of John Woo. I've even heard some say he's one of  the best directors around. How can someone say that! When I think of great  directors I think of Bergman, Fellini, Kurosawa, Scorsese, Truffaut,  Coppola, and many many others, but John Woo?  When I think of Woo I think  of him as not really a director, but more so a choreographer who can  sometimes setup some nice action sequences. And to be perfectly honest,  yes, this movie does have it's share of good action scenes, but I can also  say, that not all of them work, but that's only expected. There's no way he  could have made every single scene work, lets be honest. Besides the action  scenes there's one more things that saves the movie. If you listen very  very closely you can hear some great guitar music in the background. * 1\2  out of *****scenes there's one more things that saves the movie. If you listen very  very closely you can hear some great guitar music in the background. * 1\2  out of *****
B000000OXH|5.0|I had this album on cassette back in 1983 and wore it out.  There's not a  bad song on it.  My favorite track was &quot;Midnight Sun&quot;, and  unfortunately it didn't make it onto &quot;The Very Best of Asia&quot; (I  guess they couldn't put everything on it).  Also can't figure out why  &quot;Daylight&quot; is not present on the CD. With or without  &quot;Daylight&quot; though, it's still the best Asia album, so if you  missed it then, here's your chance to hear these great songs.  Strongly  recommended.
B00000JCB2|4.0|Since when is it bad to be a success?  Just because Limp Bizkit has gained  a certain amount of fame doesn't mean that they are evil or have sold out.   I'm sick of people ridiculing bands just for being popular.  Do they  control who buys their cd?  Do they ask to be hyped on MTV? No they don't.   Also, why do people make mtv out to be the spawn of satan anyway? If you  don't like it don't watch it. Did it ever occur to you people that maybe  some bands might not mind a little exposure? They have to eat too.  Some  bands may not want to be famous and I admire them for their dedication but  not all are die-hard artistic personalities. So go back to your basement  and stop criticizing success.  Remember Limp Bizkit is apparently giving  its fans what they want <br />Now that the rant is over on to the review.   Significant other starts off strong.  Just like this, nookie, break stuff,  re-arranged, and i'm broke are a diverse set of good songs. The next three  have split personalities.  They have some great moments and some  not-so-good moments.  N2gether now is one of the two bad songs.  It's  irritating and the chorus is moronic.  Trust is another schizophrenic.  No  sex is a good change of pace with a message. Show me what you got is  essentially a list of acknowladgements with a chorus but it has an  interesting beginning and i like it despite the slight monotony.  A lesson  learned is boring and a bad way to end. It's the other bad song.  Show me  what you got makes much more sense as an ending.   All but two of the songs  are good and five or six are great (i'm broke is on the border between good  and really good) This adds up to a cd that is well worth buying.
B0000009SG|4.0|Many previous  albums by Zappa 's band the Mothers of Invention (  particularly Uncle Meat ) do very little to engage the listener on their  own terms .They challenge the listener ,  offend the listener , impress the  listener , but frequently don't not meet the listener on his own turf  .Frank Zappa had  an almost complete aversion to anything  even remotely  commercial for years until  ( I believe)  he made this album .In some ways  this is his most commercial album  .It paved the way for  the &quot;Yellow  Snow &quot; and the &quot; Valley Girl &quot; of years to come as well as   &quot; Dinah Moe Hum &quot; and  &quot; I am the Slime &quot; being true  classics of the Zappa catalog .An underlooked aspect on some on some of the  reviews of this of this album that I have read are the truly &quot;burning  &quot;guitar work by Frank.Zappa had only fairly recently come into his own  as a guitar player on albums such as&quot; Hot Rats &quot; and on this  album he is fully formed.He solos on just about every track , and hold his  own next to the likes of John Luc Ponty on several  ( particularly &quot;  Fifty Fifty &quot; ) major jams throughout .In a nutshell , the songs will  crack you up and the playing will blow your mind .If you are just getting  into the Zappa catalog you cannot go wrong with this one .
0792846710|4.0|They came from outer space, in a spaceship that looks like ... a circus  tent!     They're aliens who look like circus clowns, and they're here to  kill. They dispatch their     victims with imagination, style, and circus  magic! An imaginative and offbeat black comedy --         Despite the  ridiculous premise, or perhaps because of it, this is a very cool film,  albeit     with a savage sense of humor. The &quot;stars&quot; of the film  are a bunch of unknowns, and the     acting of the people in the film is  rather poor. However, the clowns are very well done. It is     clear that  the Director chose to spend his budget on make-up and special effects. This  is     for the good, because it is the clowns that make this one of the  best cult flicks of the 80's.
B00003CXDG|1.0|I think working with Jean Claude Van Damme had some negative side effects on John Woo.  Either that, or simply working in Hollywood screwed him up.   Granted, FACE OFF had some interesting ideas with a man facing his enemy,  but the enemy is him, but its not, and so on.  THIS movie though: can  anything be more blatant?  Does everything need a close up or a zoom in to  clarify things?  I can accept a movie that's unbelieveable at time, since  that's all movies in general, but the patronizing is too much.  Here are  two men on motorcycles.  Kill them.  It's easy because they have no other  weapon besides the motorcycle itself.  Conveniently, there are two bikes so  bad guy gets on one, and tom cruise (aka, James Bond) gets on the other.   Chase.  Bad guy puts bullet in cruise's cycle (close up: SEE)  A brutal  fight beyond human capacity for pain follows on a beach.  Gun, the only way  to end this agony, knocked out of hand (close up: SEE.  Its in the sand).   Blah, blah... And the dove?  was that necessary...again?  Keep Woo away  from soft focus.
B000002546|4.0|Together with Wired and There and Back this is a must have Jeff Beck  album. Beck is one of those guitar players that were able to develop a  style and a sound of their own. If you hear a Jeff Beck album you know it's  him by listening to the sound of his guitar and by his compositions. Beck  is not only an excellent guitarist, he is also a great composer. This album  is worth every cent, and you will listen to it hundereds of times, I  guarantee!
B00002ZMNV|5.0|This is one of the Best DVD concert i have ever seen . Not only  considering my self as a Metallica Fan but a DVD concerts fan Too , Believe  Me you wont be Disappointed picking this up . the 5.1 Dolby Digital on  those 2 Dics can crush any DTS DVD i own ! and the outstanding Mega clear  Picture quality - considering that most of the show played in a dark  environment - is woderful . the direction is Brilliant , i mean imagen that  someone gives you some Video cameras in a Cinema Theater Full of People and  and tells you &quot; come on film the Band and the 107 Orchestra members in  that small stage &quot; !!! well , *Wayne Isham* did it for 2 and a Half  hour somehow . Also there is 40 minute Great documentary , four Multi-Angle  songs ( each Member of the Band has a Camera following him during the song  ) . The best and the most FUN thing as a Metallica Fan is that you can  chose to Hear Metallica Alone or the symphony Alone or Both of them . one  thing that i know for sure , my DVD player will see those 2 dics ALOT MORE  than any of my DVD collection !!
6300215881|5.0|Some of the greatest portrayed rage I've ever seen. Brando would have made  Bruce Lee afraid of him. Rewind the scenes where Brando &quot;goes  berserk&quot; and enjoy them over and over. He makes Travis Bickle look  like a pussy cat. The first time you see it you will be blown away. This is  a classic.
0345428056|5.0|You can read synopses of the story above - probably already did. I'd like  to share my response to this book:  I found it so gripping that my jaw was  tight throughout the entire read - which, by the way, lasted all night  since I couldn't put it down to go to bed.  This is a suspenseful drama  with characters who grow on you. (Did me, anyway.) An exciting story with  what looks like real tradecraft sprinkled throughout the book.<br />If you  liked Clancy's Without Remorse, I think you'll love this book. If you like  Clancy, look up McNab, and then Dean Ing. Ing used to write SF (which is so  good that many non SF'ers enjoy them) but now writes (damfino what to call  them. Let's try:) Techno-Thrillers.<br />Can't say too much about Remote  Control. If you like adventure, spy type novels, this is one of the best -  most gripping and exciting.
B00003CXB4|5.0|This animated film about a young lion cub growing up feeling guilty about the death of his father really got to me. I saw this in the movies and I  can honestly say I couldn't stop crying when Mustafa (James Earl Jones) was  killed. Also there are very funny moments in the movie that will have you  laughing. Great family film and teaches kids about taking responsibility.  The animated special effects are mind-blowing. This video is part of my  film library, and I brought it for ME, not my kids :o). HIGHLY  RECOMMENDED!
B00004WGAI|5.0|I have seen this film version several times and each time, I like it even  more! Timothy Dalton is SO convincing as Mr. Rochester... he captures all  the passion &amp; intrigue of his character. And I love the part in which  he plays a &quot;special guest&quot; at one of his parties (I don't wish to  give anything away if you haven't seen the film or read the book yet)! I  find Ms. Clarke nearly as convincing as Jane. She definitely has the right  stature &amp; look for Jane... but sometimes she seems a little too rigid.  Still, she's likable. This film version is longer than most so it doesn't  leave out too much and stays quite true to the book. I think even Ms.  Bronte would approve!
B00000JGEF|5.0|Arnold Schwarzenegger leads a crack team behind enemy lines. A helicopter  team is missing. But, he finds that the mission is unusually laced with  missing and mis-information, especially when Billy Dee Williams insists on  coming along--as the new guy in charge. It's one thing to have the drop on  your enemy. But what if your known enemy is not the worst one around?   Super special effects, active story that keeps you on the edge. 5-stars is  the limit. 5.5 is this film's merit!
B00000JCB2|1.0|Hope I don't get my bottom  kicked too much for this as I realise how  popular Limp Bizkit have become. I was quite impressed with their first  album which held together well and proved a good demonstration of the bands  abilities. I just found it such a disappointment that Limp Bizkit abandoned  the scene in pursuit of chart popularity through hip-hop and lots of guest  appearances to boost sales. Its perfectly cool a band experimenting with  different styles and developing (that is not selling out!)but Limp Bizkit  just seem to be taking the quickest root to fame they can with little  dedication to what they play.  I don't see much respect for the  music.<br />Personally I don't like hip-hop but I have no objection to it as a  form of music. But my ears tell me that Fred Durst cannot rap andhe made a  much better job `screaming' on the debut album. Despite my personal  disapproval of this album I can see how it will be enjoyed by many  listeners and provides a good opportunity to introduce hip-hop fans to a  bit of rock-metal, or vice-versa. Maybe I'm being too `set-in-my-ways' but  my instinct reaction is to puke all over this CD. The only two tracks which  appealed to myself were the popular `Nookie' and `Break Stuff', although I  found my interest short lived. Catchy but not particularly musically  developed so my interest soon died. It all feels so shallow.<br />As an  alternative I would point someone in the direction of newcomers `Disturbed'  or the excellent `Downset'. I feel a bit of a hypocrite as I'm sick of  people accusing bands of `selling out' or `betraying' but my overall  impression of the attitude and manner with which Limp Bizkit are riding the  fame wagon raises severe doubts in my mind. There's always one who tries to  dominate it all.<br />On another note, the pure arrogance and immaturity of  Fred Durst has destroyed my confidence in Limp Bizkit, he seems to be on a  one man mission to rule and commercialise the alternative scene crushing  all those who stand in his way (`Creed' seem to be his target at the  moment). Anyone who plays childish games with the music I love loses my  respect, I hope Mr Durst will apologise for his temper tantrums.
B000034D2H|5.0|Patrick Stewart makes this story come alive in a way few people could. The humor, warmth, and excitement of Dickens' holiday story, read with such skill, kept us spellbound. This is an abridged version, but you don't feel like you've missed anything.  Stewart reads the characters' voices with great humor and variety, and even makes great vocal sound effects.<br />Highly recommended for those long car-trips to see family during the holidays. It will make the miles fly by!
0380977281|3.0|The three stars is specifically for the novel edition. The story deserves  four; while not perfect, it is an excellent story in traditional Victorian  style. Gaiman's characters are familiar - we've met some of them, the rest  we wish we could meet. The story is well-rooted in folklore, and has some  fine vivid moments.<br />So I don't know why Neil decided (After having  orginally conceived the project with Charles Vess and finished it  beautifully as a painted book) to market this as a plain, unillustrated  book. Charles Vess' illustrations (watercolours, painted full pages and  partial pages beside the text, not the standard comic layout of multiple  panels and word bubbles) were bright, sometimes breathtaking, sometimes  merely very fine. Gaiman's text is identical - I believe I found two  sentences different between the two. (A side note; the reason I know this  is that a friend gave me the impression he had expanded the text at first,  which would give him an excuse for marketing the novel. And so, when I saw  a phrase I didn't remember, I looked it up. To my disappointment, it was  there, and it was only my memory playing tricks.)<br />So why take a  collaborative, beautiful project, full of fine art as well as gentle  cheerful prose, and cut out half of the work?<br />Because adults don't read  illustrated books (Never mind the number of different people who've  illustrated Tolkien and Peter S. Beagle). Adults don't read comics (Another  fallacy), which is how the illustrated edition is marketed.<br />Since when  are adults less sophisticated than children? Since when are adults unable  to appreciate art?<br />Go into a comic store. Find the Stardust collection  with Vess' illustrations. Then appreciate a perfectly melded work, done by  not one but two highly skilled artists - Gaiman with elegant words, Vess  with colour and character.
6305428352|5.0|In 1965, Glenn Holland is aspiring composer who needs to pay the bills for  himself and his photographer wife. He winds up taking a job as a music  teacher at the local high school. As usual, one thing leads to another (she  get's pregnant, the road gets a little farther away) and he seems to be  stuck there. Then, to make it worse, their son (the light in Glenn's eyes)  is discovered to be deaf. What seems like defeat after defeat is  continuously becoming just another way for Holland's devotion to music and  kids (even, in a very unexpected way, his own, deaf son) to shine  through.<br />Yeah, this hard-core &quot;macho&quot; geek was moved to cry at  the end, when the Gov shows up at the recital. So shoot me. It's STILL a  great flick, even if it isn't John Wayne or Star Wars (wow, there's a  combination...nahhhh).
B000002NJS|5.0|Madonna's 1998 album Ray of Light was one of her best albums, not her best  (that honor goes to Erotica, her most complete album to date). The album  has an electronic feel to it, easily addictive with its textured background  music and inspiring lyrics.<br />The album spawned 4 singles (plus one in the  UK). Those included Frozen, the albums first single a wonderful ballad with  haunting lyrics and music. The A-side for Frozen was the indian inflenced  Shanti/Ashtangi, another wonderful song. The second single was the title  track, one of the best songs on the album (they are all gems) its an upbeat  song about how in life we move so quickly, yet live life to its fullest.  Its B-side was the non album track Has To Be. The third US release was The  Power of Goodbye, another fine ballad, and the A-Side was the haunting Mer  Girl, where Madonna relives her mother's death. This is probably my  favorite song on the album, because it tells such a story and makes you  think. I think it should of been a single personally but its not very  commercial at all. Nothing Really Matters was the final single, check out  the remixes they are the best. To Have and Not to Hold was the A-side.  Drowned World/Substitute for Love was a single only in the UK, it was  released with remixes of Sky Fits Heaven.<br />This album is another fine  addition to Madonna's collection of wonderful music.
079213690X|5.0|Wow, I just saw Braveheart for the first time last night. I purchased it  on DVD. Wow, again!<br />The scenary is amazing, the plot is intriquing, the  story-line is ancient. I really enjoyed this movie. I thought about the  movie, Gladiator, when I was watching this one. I really see why Mel Gibson  won an oscar. I thought this movie was great.  I was pleased to see  Catherine McCormick in this movie, I loved her in Dangerous Beauty. It is  bloody, but what wasn't during this era?  Watch it, you might get hooked.
B00003CWTH|1.0|Read all of the five star reviews if you don't believe me.  None of the  reviewers get this film, so they default to the &quot;brilliant&quot;  rating.  This really is a film student's wet dream and that's about it.  This flick reminds me of many of the songs from the late sixties, all fluff  and no substance.  Write about flying purple elephants and all the nomads  need to attach some absurd, satirical existentialist meaning to it.<br />I  have lived in the SF Valley my whole life and yes I've known people like  those in this film.  So what, they are not worth knowing long.  Whine,  whine, whine, everyone has a sad story.  I was hoping for them all to kill  themselves by hour two.  By hour three I was searching for a gun.<br />Use the  three hours you would waste on this film productively.  Read a great book  instead.  Want something with real depth about the scum in LA?  I recommend  &quot;Day of The Locust&quot; by Nathanael West.
B00004TWZG|5.0|Contrary to what the packaging would have you believe, this is actually the elusive &quot;Leon - Version Integrale&quot; prepared for release in  France in 1996 and NOT an &quot;uncut international version&quot; (whatever  the heck that means) or &quot;original directors cut&quot; (Besson had  final cut on the original version). Besson has even been quoted as saying  he prefers the original release version.<br />Personally, I think he's insane.  This is the bomb shiznit, right here. <br />The extra scenes in this cut do  not merely serve as filler - they add a great deal of depth and character  development (not to mention grit) to what I believe was one of THE best  films of the 90's.<br />I could write pages and pages in praise of Besson's  technique (in this movie, his style is hard to fault), but where this movie  has always succeded is in the sincerity and BELIEVABILITY of it's  characters. Besson treats his leads with an amazingly sympathetic hand, and  as a viewer it's hard not to become emotionally involved (I'm a man... I  cry every time I watch this - you got a problem with that! ). This is  even truer in this cut, where the extra 25 odd minutes of film offer us an  even greater window of insight into what makes them tick.<br />This is truly  the superlative version of a superlative film, from one of the modern  masters of the form. Scoop it while you can.
0780623134|5.0|My wife and I were recently surfing through TV channels and we happened on  a broadcast of the Shawshank Redemption, which we had watched on video a  while earlier. We both turned to each other and said &quot;Look, it's the  Shawshank Redemption! That was such a good movie!&quot; We then continued  to watch it all our favorite scenes and couldn't believe how good they  were.<br />I like to think of the Shawshank Redemption as just a really well  done movie that is not a &quot;great&quot; movie. What I mean by this is  that it is not all that ambitious of a movie, in contrast to movies like  the Godfather or Taxi Driver, which attempt to redefine the idiom. Instead,  it is just an incredibly well-made movie without a lot of pretensions.  <br />It has all the ingredients for a formula prison movie: The naive spoiled  protagonist totally unprepared for jail, the wise and savvy lifer who helps  him out, the sadistic corrupt warden, etc. However, the characters are so  well drawn and acted that they never once seem formulaic. I think the  characters are even more impressive for this, because they overcome ones  tendency to view them as stereotypes even though they superficially fit  into stereotypes.<br />It is hard to say enough good things about the acting.  I'll just stop at saying that every actor I was familiar with gave the best  performance that I have seen in their career.<br />The bottom line is that The  Shawshank Redemption is simply a really good movie, nothing more and  nothing less.
B00004T9UF|5.0|will the real slim shady please stand up?? yeah cause he deserves to be  applauded! to me this title is a work of art. it takes alot of guts to do  what he does like insult his wife and everyones else around him! so dont  put him down because he does something that we people wouldnt normally do!  his music is beautiful(my opinion)* but you got to give it to him the group  does have some talent, they must they got a contract right?? so how can you  say that they have no talent? they must if they have a contract. people  just dont understand the newer generation! we  like this stuff its cool  like kim he kills his wife,obviously she didnt care what he said otherwise  shed probably freaked out about it, did she noo.. eminem is a work of art.
B00004TRD8|5.0|I already owned the VHS set of the Special Edition when the first DVD  release of T2 hit the streets. I rented it and found that it was just the  theatrical cut. Even though it had superior picture and sound compared to  VHS, I decided to wait until the full cut was released. And, after finally  experiencing the finished product, I can sincerely state that it was well  worth the wait.<br /> Now I'm able to view both the theatrical and Special  Edition, as well as other deleted scenes. Some of those restorations  include Sarah Connor dream sequence featuring `T1' martyr Kyle Reese, the  garage head surgery, John Connor trying to teach the Terminator to smile,  and several other little moments that add to the movie's suspense and  style. <br />The picture quality's a little better than my original VHS tape,  which was excellent in itself. The upside to this is I don't have to worry  about the picture quality degrading after endless viewings. It's the sound,  however, that's improved by leaps and bounds. The film starts with opening  demos of both Dolby and THX sound, both of which just blew me away before  the movie's opening sequence even began! It's definitely a big step up from  the VHS edition, which was just above adequate.<br />Like the Special Edition  DVD release of that other James Cameron gem `The Abyss', `T2 Ultimate  Collection' is jam-packed with extras. Enough to keep a big-time film buff  entertained for hours without ever actually viewing the movie itself. Two  `making of' documentaries, trailers, shooting script, production stills,  and much more. Altogether, over six hours worth of stuff! There's even a  `making of' featurette on the Universal Studios attraction T2 3D. And if  the DVD's extra features weren't enough, also included is a fairly thick  booklet detailing the history and making of the film.<br />The aluminum  slipcase gives the total package a proper look, but can easily get  scratches, dings, and dents if you're not too careful. Anotherdownside is  that it fits quite loosely over the snap case. If you plan to pull it out  off your shelf for viewing, I strongly suggest you get a good grip on it  first. Or you can just put the slipcase aside and place just the snap case  alone on your DVD shelf.<br />I hope you enjoy `T2 Ultimate Edition' as much  as I do!<br />`Late!
6301969251|5.0|this is true they realy put alot of effort into this movie. i mean they  really poured their hearts into thier parts.i think this movie is pretty  good as far as the production as the years go.it is old but it is still a  classic! even though the actor who played jesus had more of a french accent  i think he did a good job.but people are right i mean put some joy into  jesus life i mean it couldnt so boring at time i mean put some fear in to  those hearts and give me some tounges of fire!! you know the whole  production,give more sadness and joy into the character i dint mean be  stuck up or carefree but you know like us the people ! not so godly.. not  to be rude but they always use jesus as a strict godlike person! no joy no  sadness like some actors doo. just boring and i think that this movis adds  some of that into the script,tha carrying of his cross was not rushed so it  had some affect on people even sheded some tears.. but above all it was  good no it was GREAT!!
B00000IQBM|5.0|I loved this movie it is one of the best horror movies out there today. It  had it all horror/shock/supence and a good look in to the human mind and  what happens to some people when locked up in a house together and that  feeling of lonelyness and isulatetion. What really made the movie was Jack  Nicholson&quot; performance plus Shelly Devall as the suffering wife. If  you want a good movie then rent or buy this movie and watch it you will not  be sorry.
B00004W5UA|5.0|What can I write about a movie I've seen at least 20 times in the last two months and spent over $300 on for a digitial movie player and DVD and VHS  versions just so I could own it myself!   <br />From the first viewing I  couldn't stop telling others about this mind bending trip through one man's  consumer hell.  Or about the solution to his problem personified by Tyler  Durden.  Not to mention the just-above-street-person-level character Marla  who survives the trip and lives to tell about it.  Maybe I am so intrigued  because I am like the nameless narrator - looking for answers and finding  them just below the surface of denial.  <br />As a forty-one year old  Christian woman I don't take my movies lightly.  This is not a movie you  will forget.
6303212263|5.0|This is a pretty good movie and I feel one of the better movies based on a  comic book. Christopher Reeve plays Clark Kent/Superman well, the only  other person who I feel plays the part well is George Reeve( T.V.  Superman),Gene Hackman does a good performance of Lex Luger. Fx,acting, and  directing all good to make a great movie.
B00003CWPR|5.0|Like 2001: A Space Odyssey and The Shining, Eyes Wide Shut clearly evinces  Stanley Kubrick's obsession with the visual presentation of his films.  Unlike other filmmakers of his time, Kubrick was not afraid to exploit all  of the elements of cinema that make it distinct from other forms of  artistic expression. In a rare, early interview, Kubrick even admitted to  placing plot and characterization below cinematography and musical score in  terms of importance. He was far more interested in creating a mood than in  telling a story, and it is precisely for this reason that most audiences  often find his films confusing and even surreal. Eyes Wide Shut is  certainly no exception. Stylistically, the film contains many of Kubrick's  trademark techniques: the roving steadicam, perfectly composed frames, long  takes, and slow, methodical tracking shots. But what is particularly  striking is the ghostly haze through which we see all of the action. Most  of the main set pieces are bathed in warm and expansive light, and the  colors appear supersaturated and effusive. Kubrick takes full advantage of  the film's December setting to adorn his sets with the almost menacing glow  of Christmas lights. Notably, the most prominent color in the film is red  -- a long-time Kubrick favorite, but particularly pertinent here in that it  signifies adultery.<br />Thematically, Eyes Wide Shut goes far beyond telling  a simple tale of sexual revenge and jealousy. In the midst of the drama  surrounding the Harford marriage, Kubrick skillfully interweaves an almost  Hitchcockian suspense yarn involving the death of a mysterious woman who  may or may not have lost her life trying to save Bill's. At the same time,  Kubrick actively blurs the line that separates reality from fantasy and  toys with the intriguing notion that sometimes it is possible for a fantasy  to be more &quot;real&quot; in its ramifications than reality itself. In a  key dialogue near the end of the film at the home of Victor Ziegler (played  convincingly by film director Sydney Pollack), Bill even begins to question  the legitimacy of the bizarre sights that he witnessed the night before. In  this sense, the visual haze through which the film is presented aptly  reflects the dreamlike quality of Bill's late night escapades.<br />For a  filmmaker notorious for populating his movies with cold, dehumanized  characters (some argue that H.A.L. -- the supercomputer that goes berserk  in 2001 -- had more personality than any of the human characters in that  film), Kubrick manages to pull some strikingly intimate performances from  his two leads. Cruise's subtle intensity invites us to look beyond his  natural charm and boyish good looks and down into his eyes at the dark,  reckless nature that lurks beneath his controlled facade. Kidman's  portrayal of the gloomily unsatisfied and aloof Alice Harford comes close  to brilliance. The monologue in which she relates to Bill her deepest and  darkest sexual fantasy is devastating in its unsettling potency. Kidman's  stroke of genius is that she is able to convince the viewer that her  fantasies pose just as much of a threat to her marriage as any tangible act  of infidelity. The film is also peppered with fine supporting performances,  most notably from Pollack as Victor Ziegler, but also from Alan Cumming,  who is hysterically funny as the hotel desk clerk enamoured with the  dashing &quot;Dr. Bill,&quot; and LeeLee Sobieski, as a precocious nymphet  whose eyes radiate adult sexual ferocity.<br />So, what is Eyes Wide Shut  really about? It is about the masks that people don to conceal their  reckless, carnal impulses, and the bewilderment that follows when those  masks are suddenly removed. It is about the blurred line that divides  reality from fantasy, and the foolishness of assuming that one is  inherently any more or less &quot;real&quot; than the other. It is about  the questionable moral fabric that binds the institution of marriage  together, and how sometimes it is essential to tug at the fibers of that  fabric to see what gives way and why. It is a film that ultimately poses  more questions than answers, yet provides all of the raw materials  necessary for a viewer to fashion together some relevant meaning, however  illusory.
B00000K0EA|4.0|I suppose when you get right down to it, the plot here is pretty much the  same formulaic story as in any recent Bond flick.  Cool gadgets, big  explosions, beautiful women who are smart and tough, and some sort of  monstrous, yet sadly tragic villain.<br />Then again, that's what makes these  Bond films so great.  Still, there is no real passion that connects the  characters and the storyline in this particular installment.  It kind of  seems like Brosnan and the rest of the players are walking through their  lines, hardly believing what they are saying half the time.<br />Nonetheless,  this is just good old-fashioned escapism . . . it certainly doesn't need to  be over-analyzed.  Plus, fabulous brunette extraordinaire Teri Hatcher is  featured; so, that alone is reason to watch this one.  This movie gets an  extra star for that reason alone.<br />Truth be told, though, &quot;The World  is Not Enough&quot; is a better flick overall.
B000002UCQ|5.0|I haven't had a turntable for a long, long time and over the years I have  kept only 3 vinyl albums cause I just couldn't part with them. This is one  of them.  (I've had it since 1970). I agree with other reviewers that Phil  was a bit heavy handed with production and it certainly needs re-mastering  for CD. But boy oh boy can George write some soul-searching lyrics. If  'Isn't it a Pity' don't make you look at yourself a bit differently in the  mirror you're a better man than I. It's an album worth having. The other  two vinyl albums I kept are a UHQR Boxed Sgt Peppers and Foxtrot by  Genesis.
B00000J6AG|5.0|this cd is good for every type of mood you may be in. all of its music  verys and each is captivating in its own way. don not be discouraged by the  over-exposure of the song &quot;porcelin.&quot; remember that is a great  song too and in time when the radio stations stop playing it youll like it  again. if you like the recordings i think youll like the cd just as much.  &quot;my weakness&quot; is a beautiful song . you might recognize it from  one of the last episodes of the X-FILES. if you like bjork, massive attack,  or beuocoup fish i thing youll like this one too.
B00001ZT0K|5.0|OK, this album will certainly disappoint core Heep fans from the Magicians and Demons-era. Enter the new decade and we find a completely different Uriah Heep at the works, and guess what? they are quite brilliant! Sorry, but Ken Hensley's departure was good for the band. Abominog is definitively more mainstream oriented but the songs are very good. Enter Pete Goalby, and Uriah Heep gets a superb vocalist, sounding a bit like Foreigner's Lou Graham, only better. Hensley's replacement, John Sinclair (ex-Heavy Metal Kids and Gary Farr's Lion) came up with some of the best keyboard intros, sounds and arrangements ever. The freshness of the new line-up works fantastic together with the old nucleus of Mick Box (g) and the \\"Bear\\" Kerslake (d). Abominog is a great commercial-rock album from the early '80s. And don't forget that the rhythm section here consists of Lee Kerslake and bassist Bob Daisley (relatively fresh from Rainbow and Widow Maker), the same rythm partners in Ozzy Osbourne's two greatest albums (Blizzard of Ozz and Diary of a Madman), which were recorded within a year-and-a-half of Abominog. If you like QUALITY ROCK, buy it!    Same comments apply on Heep's outstanding follow-up: HEAD FIRST... an excellent album.
0441172717|4.0|If I had read this two or three years ago when I had not been exposed to  as many writers that I am now, this would probably be my favorite book. But  being exposed to a variety of authors it does not seem spectacular. Still  it is an enjoyable and intelligent adventure, set on an interesting world  with interesting characters. It is also a very well-written (prose-wise)  book.
B000002NFM|5.0|I usually listen to music such as Korn and Mudvayne but I heard this cd is  real cool and makes you wanna go totally spastic! So I went out and bought  a copy for myself and trust me this cd is the perfect collection for any  person that likes to experience new types of music.
B00000K31V|4.0|I really thought Cronenberg had exhausted this material after Videodrome,  Naked Lunch and The Fly, but guess what, he had not.  eXistenZ is wickedly  funny and mind-bending; anyone who has studied psychedelic experience will  relish this film, and the more cerebral cyber-nerds should have some ooohs  and yucks, too. It's much more than Cronenberg probing the usual, uh,  orifices.<br />The plot has been laid out sufficiently if superficially by the  amazon.com reviewer; the effect is what matters.  Cronenberg has captured  the queasy and always sexual tension of psychedelic forays whether induced  by chemical agents or, in this case, flesh pods plugged into a backside  orifice.  Jude Law's squeamishness at having a BioPort installed is one of  the funnier sequences; he's a fine actor and always compelling to watch.  Jennifer Jason-Leigh was well-picked for her role: her hard edges mesh well  with the self-possesed character who imagines herself as a computer game  genius.  The Chinese Restaurant sequence wherein Jude is forced to make a  gun from the bones of Mutant-Cuisine is stupendous in its evocation of  dread. It suggests that certain moment when the tripper wonders which way  the drug/game is going - towards illumination or total mayhem and madness?   Lines of kinship between Anxiety and Sex pop up frequently in such  sequences in eXistenZ, and its ofttimes hard to tell which is  which.<br />There are also compelling moments that would make social engineers  and extreme right-wingers very anxious: the threads that hold 'social  reality' together are very, very thin, and eXistenZ tweaks this  well.<br />eXistenZ is Cronenberg's sexiest, funniest flick, and a nice  follow-up to CRASH, whose porn-in-form-but-not-in-effect conceit alienated  most viewers and left them cold. Plus only a handful got the outrageous  joke about combining car crashes with eroticism, as obviously absurd as it  was.  For myself, I found CRASH to be an absorbing study of how fixed and  single-minded sexualized attention can become, and its eventual drift into  pornography. In retrospect, &quot;Crash&quot; is a study of the  pornographic mindset.<br />I can't imagine Cronenberg mining this material  much further, though.  One could bookend this outing with THEY CAME FROM  WITHIN (SHIVERS) and have a nice body of work from a very entertaining mind  who excavates humor from the strangest crevices.
B00001NFCY|1.0|First off Creed is garbage.  Their music is garbage and his lyrics are  garbage.  You want some real lyrics, listen to some EMO-CORE.  This is a  perfect cd for hanging out at the monster truck rally and comparing the  utter coolness of your MULLET cut.  Great music for small town heroes with  tight rolled jeans and camaros.  Get a clue.  Creed is junk.
0780622553|5.0|brilliant take dark city and add john woo and what do you get?  The  Matrix.
B000002B35|5.0|Obviously the best live album from Pink Floyd. Containing material from,  The Piper At The Gates Of Dawn, Wish You Were Here, The Wall, A Momentary  Lapse Of Reason, and The Division Bell, which would make the best for all  die hard Pink Floyd fans. But, the Main Course would be the performance of  Dark Side Of The Moon in it's entirely (an idea they scrapped from the  Momentary Lapse Tour), and in my book these versions sound better than the  original. In fact if Dave Gilmour hadn't coined the idea of doing Dark Side  Live, there would be no Pulse at all, so be thankful for this you happy  Floyd Fans, you. <br />Featuring the die hard extras from The Division Bell  and the Momentary Lapse Tour:  Guy Pratt; Bass,  Tim Renwick; Guitars,   Gary Wallis; Percussion,  Dick Parry; Sax,  Jon Crain; Keyboards;  and  Claudia Fontaine, Durga McBroom, and Sam Brown: the 3 singing chics.  <br />Along with the 3 breath-taking crew of Pink Floyd themselves: David  Gilmour; Guitars, Vocals,  Rick Wright; Keyboards,  and Nick Mason: Drums,  Percussion <br />The #1: of 5 Top Five Favorite Floyd Live Albums: 1: Pulse,   2. Delicate Sound Of Thunder,  3. Ummagumma, 4. P3 (Bootleg) 5. Aziumth  Coordinator (Bootleg)<br />The Best Things I Like About This Album: Nick  Mason's Drumming Improvment,  The Sound Effects,  Dave Gilmour and Tim  Renwick's Guitars,  Rick Wright and Jon Carin's Keyboards,  Gary Wallis's  Percussion,  The Better Versions of the Songs,  And Most Importantly The  Photos, <br />So Buy This Album Why Don't Ya? It's a smash.
0375420525|5.0|I just finished reading this twisting, mazelike novel and have say, I'm  impressed.. not only with the overall multiple-take perspective of the  story, but also with the innovative layout, which does an excellent job of  matching the story's pace. (you'll have to read it to understand) ..  I  also enjoyed the way it prompted interaction..  near the end of the novel,  I started joining in the fun and adding my own layer of narration, adding  fictional footnotes to Johnny's and the editors as well as an additional  chapter at the end... sounds odd?  well, it is.  It asks big questions in  stunningly vague ways.<br />the best way to describe the book is, well,  uncanny.  :p<br />I give it 4.5 outta 5 stars on my &quot;must read&quot;  Scale.. well worth the effort.
B000023VR6|5.0|The doctor has came back out of the celler!!!!!!!! i have this cd and its  still one of my favorite after i have had it since it has came out!!!!!
B000002P72|5.0|From the opening introduction to the last note, this CD is simply amazing.  Kings voice resonates clearly and moves your soul. An economical guitar  players every note he hits floods your body with emotion. With the live  crowd in a frenzy you feel like you are at the Regal that night. This is  the King of the Blues at the height of his powers and this is the best live  record ever.
B00000DHRZ|3.0|This cd is ok.... some songs are alot better than others.... but the songs  get annoying after a while.... the cd is better than average but not  great...
0320037835|5.0|Harry Potter is back at Hogwarts, his wizarding school, and thankful for  it. He had the worst summer with the Dursleys, his aunt, uncle, and cousin,  whom he hates. He met a house elf, who caused him to be locked in his room  for 3 days, with next to no food at all. Then the Wesleys come to rescue  him, in a flying car. But that is not all that happends, Harry and Ron  can't get through the wall to the Hogwarts train that awaits them on the  other side. Then they remember the flying car. After a rough journey to his  school and an even rougher landing, Harry Potter thinks that it can't gets  worse, but it does. A cat is found hanging on a lamp post in front of  Harry, Ron and Hermione, not quite dead, but not really alive, it was  Stunned. Then, even worse, a student is next.  Everyone, but a couple of  his friends thinks that Harry did it. And when people keep getting Stunned,  no one belives that he is innocent. It is up to Ron, Hermione, and Harry to  find out who is really doing it, before the Hogwarts students get killed  off one by one......<br />This is one of J.K. Rowlings best.  And if you like  this book, she is writing 3 more!  I also suggest Harry Potter and the  Sorcers Stone, the first book, the third book, Harry Potter and the  prisoner of Azkaban, and the fourth, Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire.   There is going to be 7 books in all.  So far, each book is even better  writen than the next.  This is a great series!
0453007686|5.0|This is a new twist to the three little pigs. I work in a elementary school library and love to read to the students.  This was one of my  favorites,  I can't wait every year to read this book to the students.   They all laugh and giggle.
B00004TRD8|4.0|The fact that you can play this movie in DTS is worth the price of the DVD! The sound is truly awesome! The special addition movie is the same one that was on the Pioneer special edition Laserdisc...the same exact movie, almost the same exact supplemental material. The one thing that's nice is, the scene splices (especially the dream sequence with Michael Biehn) seem to be &quot;seamless&quot; whereas the laserdisc version had traces of a splice. There is a third hidden movie that has all of the cuts spliced back in and really explores the new terminator allot more. You really get to see how much more advanced the new terminator is than the older model. They seemed to give a lot of thought to the menus, and the custom THX segment is the coolest yet! For my fellow home theater buffs, this is one to own! The sound is almost reference quality. All said and done, this is a great DVD and it has a second disc with all supplemental material. One warning, the menus on the supplemental disc can be a little confusing when trying to work your way around them. I gave it 4 out of the 5 possible stars because they could of enhanced the audio track a bit to really make this one of the best sounding flicks to experience.
B00003CWTI|5.0|...and the book says...    I am ALL ABOUT this flick. If i had to give up all of the best movies i've seen except for ONE, they could all dwell in  hell save this over-three-hour modern masterpiece. I loved every minute of  it. I regret only going to see it twice in the theatre, but it was just  such a heavy revelation to digest. When I recommended over the tele that my  brother in New York should go see it, he said after the first viewing he  was so stunned that he went again the very next day. There are so many neat  subliminal nuances in this film, so much ultra-phenomenal acting, and such  a dynamic music score as well as the best damned real-life feeling you're  likely to ever experience within a scripted motion picture show...Julianne  Moore is immaculate, John C. Reilly is Thee Mann, Jeremy Blackman makes  that Sixth Sense kid Osment seem average, Philip Baker Hall;would someone  please stand up and give me an AMEN that this old fart kicks some major  acting a*s!  I can't wait to see his next gig, alongside Gary Oldman (the  only thing this film lacks)in Oct.13th's THE CONTENDER. Philip Seymour  Hoffman-another extraordinary Phil-up. Tom Cruise made a fan of me because  of his Oscar-hailed performance here, whereas before I never much cared for  him. Now I'm watching all his films. William H. Macy, what a great  character performer. I loved him in Fargo as well, as Jerry. And Melora  &quot;Cocainathon&quot; Walters...gosh...actually, EVERY individual star in  this movie gets 5 stars from me. This is THE best ever ensemble movie. The  list of awards this emoproject recieved/qualified for on the back of the  digipack was pleasantly startling-yet unsurprising, since this is 1998/99's  most all-out astounding piece of work. Makes American Beauty's aims at  realism seem almost like hack in comparison. I was all over this dvd the  morning it came out--seemed like forever waiting for it to. Its extra  features were quite satisfying.The d-leted scene with Tom Cruisetricking  the girl-I would've been overjoyed had they left it in. The lengthy  &quot;Magnolia Diary&quot; follows the awesome crew along their labor of  love. It is raw and impactful. P.T. Anderson is just a wirey, wiley,  wunderkind. I have gone back and watched his &quot;Boogie Nights&quot;  several times since seeing this. His first film &quot;Hard Eight&quot;  (Gwyneth Paltrow, Sam L. Jackson) I will have to give another viewing to  soon on dvd. May I also say that I have nearly worn out my Magnolia  Soundtrack cd. Tomorrow I'm going to go out and get Aimee Mann's  screenplay-inspiring &quot;Bachelor #2&quot; cd, as well. What can I say,  I'm hooked on this sh**. The herb magnolia is actually a lung-clearing  remedy that I used during a severe &quot;cold&quot; recently and it also  aided in my kicking tobacco. Whoa. This tight double-discer also has a  delightful slew of cool trailers and a hilarious infomercial amongst its  many treats. Impeccably tasty.   I was working at a theatre when this movie  was released last year. People walked out of it a lot and even demanded  their money back, citing its &quot;profanity&quot; and &quot;nudity&quot;  and &quot;stupidity&quot;.   I cite their mediocrity. Do something  different and you are certain to have opposition every time; I'm so  thankful that P.T. Anderson pressed ahead with his innovations. Now I work  at a video store, and Magnolia still being a fresh release plucked from our  shelves, I hear feedback on it most every day. Most of it sans-approval.  &quot;More cursing than dialogue&quot;. &quot;Tries to make one movie out  of three&quot;. &quot;I wouldn't recommend it to my worst enemy&quot;. One  gentlelady even had the audacity to say she shut it off 20 minutes in due  to...&quot;no plot&quot;.  What is with these plastic people. The filmscene  these days is so stormstruck by formula. Like Aimee Mann sings, as the  magnolia's petals mirror our innately flawed condition as humans so  graciously... &quot;...can't admit that maybe the past was bad... even when  it's approaching torture, I've got my routine...&quot;    If anyone would  like to open more dialogue with me about this film, or Andersonism, send  e-mail to mickey@ilovethemovies.com.
B00004TRD8|5.0|First of all I just want to say that this is the most amazing DVD I have  ever seen and heard.  It is the centerpiece of my DVD collection, and I'm  sure it will be until another movie comes out with a shiny metal  box!!!!!<br /> For anyone who has a question regarding accessing the 3rd  edition of the movie, here's what you should do:<br /> 1. In the menu where  you can choose the version of the movie you wish to play, highlight, but  don't click, &quot;Special Edition.&quot;<br /> 2. While &quot;Special  Edition&quot; is highlighted, enter &quot;82997&quot; (the date of  Judgement Day).  Both of Terminator's eyes should glow red, you should see  something that says &quot;The Future is not Set,&quot; and a new option for  &quot;Extended Special Edition&quot; should come up. I'm sure amazon will  post this review because I KNOW they want to keep their customers  satisfied!!<br /><br /> This DVD is the one to buy!!! If you have any question,  just buy the dang thing.  I promise you won't regret it.<br />Note*  Panasonic DVD player owners may experience some trouble with the DVD-18  format and may want to buy the 2-disc set instead.  The two-disc version is  supposed to be released soon, but I could be wrong.
B000002I25|5.0|Many reviewers here consider this the greatst album of all time, and I  definitely agree. But to take things a step further I would call it one the  greatest works of art ever produced by mankind, ranking right up there with  Homer's Illiad and Michelangelo's Statue Of David. I think Morrison and his  band may have earned themselves a permenant place in history!
6304602944|2.0|Strussel and Sly in the same movie... hmm what to say, the first 60  minutes of this movie are actually very good. The story unfolds at a good  speed, youre not sure whats going to happen and that makes it interesting.  Unfortunatly everything that they have bilt up is more or less destroyed by  a... well, Iam not really going to tell you and spoil everything, but you  will see what I meen. Iam not saying this movie is rubish, just that it is  not very original, my point is: who among us has not yet seen a movie with  a lonewolf cop(in this case two) and a badguy. All in all it is  entertaining movie and has its share of action, maybe on a Friday after  work, just to relax.<br />Replay value:  Medium
1577311523|5.0|I haven't stopped talking about this book since I read it last  month.  It  is one that has changed my way of thinking, literally the way I want to  live my life.  It makes so much sense and I am grateful that Mr. Tolle was  able to present the concept of living  in the moment in a way that wasn't  cliche or complicated.  This book is a must for anyone who frequently feels  rushed, stressed, angry or otherwise not at peace, probably most of us!  It  will help you get back on track and remember what is important in this  life, THIS MOMENT!
079073804X|5.0|After all these year's, The Exorcist is still the most harrowing film of  all time. The DVD special Edition is a must for horror fan's or any film  fan who appreciate's well- made movie's. But beware!!! You cannot watch  this film and not be deeply impacted by it's story of good and evil. And  now were going to finally get a re-released version in the theatre with  additional footage!! I'm gathering up all my friend's who've never seen the  film and taking them to see it. It should rock!! And it will remind the  younger audience of just what constitute's really great horror!!
B00000JCB2|5.0|This is a superb CD. All of the songs are wonderful, I love it. Limp  Bizkit is the only rap group that I listen to. I especially love the song  Break Stuff. I love listening to this song when I'm angry or pissed off at  someone. I sing (actually I tend to scream) along with the song and I feel  just peachy afterwards. And the song No Sex...god...what a song! It's full  of so much overwhelming feeling. I'm listening to it now. This song  represents the US totally. It fills me with so much feeling...I listen to  it whenever I need an inspiration with something that I'm writing or when  I'm sending a sad/depressing/upsetting note to someone. Or chewing someone  else out for being mean to one of my friends. This is a wondeful CD, I  recommend it for anyone!
B00004THAY|5.0|After listening to this CD, I have wondered why more blues artists don't  team up for albums like this.  The interaction between Clapton and King  makes this CD a must buy for any fan of music.  I own CD's by both men, and  hearing them sing and play together keeps them in the CD changer.  Let's  hope that other blues artists will take the time to do something special  like this.<br />If only SRV were here!
0060900075|5.0|Written almost forty years ago, The Doors of Perception retains the  freshness of its insights, carrying itself well through two major episodes  of drug hysteria in this country.  It is a brief work containing Huxley's  reflections on an evening in which he took a dose of synthetic mescaline.   <br />He immediately draws comparisons between the experience of drug-taking  and religious awareness.  He goes on to propose sacramental use of  hallucinogens in the Christian church to reinstitute the mystical  element.<br />He is dead-on in his characterization of the drugged mindset as  less filtered and more meaningful, although his pseudomedical explanation  of lowered brain sugar is laughable today.  His writing is as lovely and  precise as always, and he brings another voice of reason to the too-long,  too-heated debate on drugs.
0792839234|5.0|There are very few movies I've seen more than once in the theatre.  'Phantasm' is one of those. I saw it on the Big Screen in 1980 or so, was  SEVERELY creeped out by it. Then I went to see it again the next night. To  this day, it remains one of my favourite horror movies.<br />The story  revolves around Mike, a kid who discovers something odd is happening at the  local funeral home. He does some investigating and is soon swept up into a  vortex of nightmares swirling around the mysterious undertaker known as the  Tall Man. His older brother and the brother's best friend Reggie are also  caught up in the unfolding events which become more and more like a  nightmare.<br />Even twenty years later, I am amazed at how frightning things  that I might well laugh at in other flicks seems in 'Phantasm.' The  slow-motion shot of the Tall Man walking past Reggie working at his ice  cream truck; the chittering robed servents of the Tall Man; the flying,  skull-puncturing silver ball of death; the transforming severed  body-parts... all of these still seem scary, even from my now-jaded  perspective. Much of the film's power comes from its simple yet  well-crafted electronic score and a masterful use of sound effects. The  final moment of the film STILL makes me jump, even though I now it's  coming, and much of the shock comes from the audio rather than the visual.
B00000JCOV|5.0|slipknot's self titled album has a new sound. taking the basic roots of  rapcore, such as korn, or the dj innovators limp bizkit. the sound of this  album is indescribable. the raging guitars combined with a fast paced beat  keeping bass is great in itself, but adding the 2 custom percussion sets,  with a regular drum set and you have a wonder of the world. the sound of  this album is like korn, but not. it has a korn feel, but has the dj  scrathes like limp bizkit. but sounds like neither. slipknot's vocals are  extreme, like emo, but has a anger within them. slipknot has done a mild  job with the sounds of their songs, dont get me wrong, their songs are  straight out crazy, but they mildly use the old deftones tricks where it  starts slow, then builds and buils until an eruptions of heavy riffs are  snaring drums. they just jump straight into it, head first they start  rockin out. they dont hold back, and they dont give about what anyone  thinks about them. they have a very unique style of music, which has  innovated on many of past's greates.
B000023X9W|4.0|After an awful output of material on his last C.D. w/ crazy horse   &quot;broken arrow&quot;, Neil puts out a surprising mellow, extremely laid  back set of songs( some songs written way back in '83)called &quot;Silver  and Gold&quot;. Neil is no longer the rebel/rock&amp;roll/folky that he was  famous of being, nor is he the Godfather of grunge that the media has  labeled him in the 90's, but he is an aging family man who has one hell of  a job. It's an album of simplicity, acoustic guitars, soft percussion,  random piano, and whispered vocals. stand-out songs include title track,  razor love, Buffalo springfield again, and without rings. The first listen  didn't impress me much but by the third time through i was blaring it  through my cars speakers so the whole town ( or whoever was in listening  distance) could enjoy.  If you expecting a masterpiece then you'd be very  disappointed, if you expect something that's &quot;real&quot; from an  artist whose been there done that, then give it a try.
B00004SCX6|5.0|I've been hearing some very negative comments about this CD, well I do  agree about people speaking their peace but I happen to think that this is  a very good album. Sure it's not the very best but nothing is. I read this  one guy's review, he said, &quot;If you want to get a good album, get The  Battle Of Los Angeles by Rage Against The Machine&quot;, even though I  respect what Rage is doing I think that album is good as in the trash can  to me compared to this but I'm not saying this album is pure gold though.  I'm an avid CD collector, I've got everything ranging from 'N Sync, Kid  Rock, Eminem, Dr. Dre, Megadeth, Creed, Rocky I - IV soundtracks, and even  Bonnie Tyler (You guys who are into the boy band rock era of today, look up  her album history). I'm even into collecting various soundtracks, such as  Mission Impossible 2, Ready To Rumble, and Batman Forever. Anyways, people  (Amazon.com, and 1 reviewer) who are saying that the Oops! main chorus is  similar to a song called &quot;Woman In Love&quot; are half wrong because  at the beginning of the chorus you can here a similar tone like when she  says &quot;I'm a woman in love&quot; it's a Oops!...I Did It Again only in  a softer tone but after that, both songs go in different directions. I like  every song on here, the better ones are the title track, Stronger, Don't Go  Knockin', Don't Let Me Be The Last, Lucky, What U See, Where Are You Now,  and Can't Make You Love Me. The one's that are ok are One Kiss From You,  When Your Eyes Say It, and Dear Diary. The one she could of left out was  the cover of Satisfation, but I'm not complaining. I thought that this was  way better than her first. I have no idea why some hate this album, I think  that the last time I checked, this album had sold 6 + million copies.  Hmmm...I guess that over 6 million people love this album and that's  compared to about a little under 7 people who think otherwise. That leads  me to say, If you have something bad to say, then don'teven say it at all.
B000002UAF|5.0|Filled with energy, hooks, and enough great songs to last a lifetime,  &quot;A Hard Day's Night&quot; is the ultimate document of Beatlemania.  About the only thing missing from this unheralded masterpiece is the  deafening shriek of adoring young fans. This is one for the history books  because, in a nutshell, this IS 1964!!<br />Oddly enough, &quot;Hard Day's  Night&quot; is rarely mentioned as one of the Beatles' best albums. What a  shame, because this one is loaded with 13 unforgetable Lennon-McCartney  classics. In fact, so cohesive are the tunes, that one could make a strong  case for &quot;A Hard Day's Night&quot; as rock-n-roll's first true concept  album. Lyrically, each song deals with love. Yes, it's mostly simplistic,  however, a growing sophistication sneaks in on &quot;Things We Said  Today&quot; and the haunting finale &quot;I'll Be Back&quot;. The  instrumental landscape is graced with driving acoustic guitars, Ringo's  steady backbeat and of course, George's ringing 12-string guitar. So  influential was George's playing -- especially on the classic title song --  that seemingly an entire generation of young guitar slingers made the  12-string a part of their arsenal. (The Byrds' Roger McGuinn credits  &quot;Hard Day's Night&quot; as the inspiration for his love affair with  the 12-string.)   <br />All thirteen songs are wonderful. No filler-- just  classic power pop sprinkled with a pair of John and Paul's most beautiful  ballads (&quot;And I Love Her&quot; and &quot;If I Fell&quot;). The potent  rockers &quot;Any Time at All&quot; and &quot;You Can't Do That&quot; are  purely lethal. John doesn't merely sing these songs -- he screams his  bloody lungs out!! Paul shreds his vocal cords on &quot;Can't Buy Me  Love&quot;, letting out what is perhaps the most famous scream in rock's  history. You get the idea that the Beatles -- not yet fed up with touring  and riotous mobs -- had a blast while recording &quot;A Hard Day's  Night&quot;. This is pure adrenaline and we, the listeners, are the lucky  recipients. A must for any serious music fan, &quot;A Hard's Day's  Night&quot; is not only one of the best albums of all-time, it's also one  of the most important.
630575067X|5.0|Mesa enjoyed de star wars episode one, it was bombad!  Mesa thinken dat  Jar Jar binks fella was quiten de goody actor, and noten understandin  peoples disliken of hesa fine actin.  mesa also liken de special effects  and de bad fella darth maul getten crunched at the enden.  The pod race was  muy exciten and the sequel will be maxi big, mesa not minden tellin you.
B00003CWTH|1.0|...and I hated it.  At half the length, it would have been merely bad; at  3 hours, it's cinematic masturbation at its worst.  Unlike movies such as  *The Sixth Sense* that are genuinely clever, *Magnolia* attempts cleverness  and in the process of congratulating itself falls flat on its face.<br />Tom  Cruise's hypnotizing performance as the self-help sex speaker is wonderful,  but his piercing stare and proselytizing rants cannot redeem the drivel  surrounding it.  Likewise, John C. Reilly's down-to-earth cop is wasted  amidst the other trash.<br />The fatal flaw in *Magnolia* is that we are not  presented with characters who are likeable enough to redeem their flaws.   When the two cancer-ridden men are dying, the only catharsis comes from a  feeling that they're getting what they really deserve.  With Dirk Diggler  from *Boogie Nights,* we remember his eager &quot;I can do it again if you  want&quot; attitude even when he's at his worst, and we can like the  character even though we dislike their actions.  Not so in  *Magnolia.*<br />Then, the ending reduces the movie to the point of ridicule.   Conveying no moral message, the Biblical allusion of the plagues is  dismissed as a deus ex machina visual image floating anchorless in this  exquisitely-acted yet poorly-conceived waste of time.<br />*2 Days In The  Valley* is much better done as a &quot;shared experience&quot; movie, and  Kieslowski's *Three Colors* trilogy is a far more insightful look into the  human spirit.  Don't waste time on this.
6303187064|5.0|The movie had a wonderful fulfillment of the gothic love story including  revenge and misery.  The music was lovely for the movie.  I strongly  recommend it to the average goth.  My boyfriend and I both got goosebumps  at the sight of the action and the sound of the music.  Two clawed thumbs  up.
B00003CWTH|1.0|...and I hated it. At half the length, it would have been merely bad; at 3 hours, it's cinematic masturbation at its worst. &#34;Magnolia&#34; attempts cleverness and in the process of congratulating itself falls flat on its face.<br /><br />Tom Cruise's hypnotizing performance as the self-help sex speaker is wonderful, but his piercing stare and proselytizing rants cannot redeem the drivel surrounding it. Likewise, John C. Reilly's down-to-earth cop is wasted amidst the other trash.<br /><br />The fatal flaw in *Magnolia* is that we are not presented with characters who are likeable enough to redeem their flaws. When the two cancer-ridden men are dying, the only catharsis comes from a feeling that they're getting what they really deserve. With Dirk Diggler from *Boogie Nights,* we remember his eager &#34;I can do it again if you want&#34; attitude even when he's at his worst, and we can like the character even though we dislike their actions. Not so in &#34;Magnolia.&#34;<br /><br />Then, the ending reduces the movie to the point of ridicule. Conveying no moral message, the Biblical allusion of the plagues is dismissed as a deus ex machina visual image floating anchorless in this exquisitely-acted yet poorly-conceived waste of time.<br />*2 Days In The Valley* is much better done as a &#34;shared experience&#34; movie, and Kieslowski's *Three Colors* trilogy is a far more insightful look into the human spirit. Don't waste time on this.
B00003CX95|5.0|Every time I see this movie it gets better and better.  I sat down to  watch it the other day as soon as I got the DVD.  It was already late and I  was tired, but I the excitement of this film kept me energized.  Every time  I see it I get charged up to do something heroic, something that matters,  something that helps my fellow man.<br />Mel Gibson makes a great action hero,  but you can also see the passion in his eyes that explain why he would go  to such lengths for his country and for the memory of the woman he loved.   He has an uncanny way of seeming like a regular person and not some godlike  idol - he is able to relate to the common man.  This makes him not only  more believable, but also easier to connect with.<br />Catherine McCormack is  beautiful.  Anyone can see why Wallace would have stood up to the English  soldiers to protect his love.  Sophie Marceau is gorgeous as the French  girl made the Princess of Wales who would do anything to find love in her  life.  <br />After watching the movie again last night I decided to listen to  some of the commentary by Mel Gibson to see what it was like.  I was very  impressed.  Gibson lets the audience in on a lot of the secrets behind the  making of the film, while the regular audio track is subtitled so that you  don't have to miss any of the dialogue while listening to the director.   The disc also includes a documentary on the making of the film that  provides a lot of very interesting background and history about the film  and also on its central historical figure - William Wallace.  This film is  a true cinematic masterpiece and belongs in every movie-lover's library.
B000002UAX|5.0|I have never heard an album sounding this good, and this fresh over this  amount of time since it's release in November of 1968. To me, it seemed  that each Beatle wanted to write different sorts of songs that would later  define what kind of different artist each Beatle would be after they break  up.  John Lennon is a psychedelic rock song writer, or a song writer that  writes those sorts of songs that make you really think about yourself and  your life.  Paul McCartney is the king of pop songs, with schmalzy lyrics  and tunes.  George Harrison was discovering an Indian culture, which  reflects lyrics that would resort to that.  Ringo has one song on the  album, and it's just like Paul's area of song writing.  <br />&quot;Back In  the USSR&quot; is a parody of The Beach Boys, with corny lyrics and good  guitar riffs.  <br />&quot;Dear Prudence&quot; is my favorite song on the  album.  John really out-does himself here, with brilliant lyrics and such a  climactic build-up towards the end chorus, the song will be in your head  for the rest of your life.<br />&quot;Glass Onion&quot; is John's weird  psychedelic trip through all the songs in their past to show us that we  think we understand The Beatles, but we really don't.<br />&quot;Ob-La-Di,  Ob-La-Da&quot; is a song that most everyone that I talk to hates, but I  love it.  It's one of Paul's best pop songs, with a sweet story of love,  and a catchy tune.<br />&quot;Wild Honey Pie&quot; is a song that The Beatles  really didn't have to put on the album, since there really are no words  except, honey pie, and I love you.  But it still is catchy and  different.<br />&quot;The Continuing Story of Bungalow Bill&quot; is The  Beatles' ode to blood-thirsty hunters.  It sounds more like an Old English  folk song to me, and a very good one at that.  Very smart and  clever.<br />&quot;While My Guitar Gently Weeps&quot; is one of George's best  Beatles songs ever.  Extraordinarily clever and haunting, and contains the  famous guitar riff by Eric Clapton at the end.<br />&quot;Happiness Is A Warm  Gun&quot; is John's bizarre psychedelia which I would like to know is all  about, because I can't figure what the lyrics mean.  Nonetheless, it's  brilliant anyway, with a spooky tune, and great harmony.<br />&quot;Martha My  Dear&quot; is Paul's infamous song about his sheepdog by the same name.   Clever lyrics, and a nice beat.<br />&quot;I'm So Tired&quot; is John's song  about insomnia.  Outstanding, brilliantly done, and contains the famous  backward line at the end.<br />&quot;Blackbird&quot; is one of the best Paul  McCartney songs ever written.  Legend has it that the tune of this song  came from when Paul was visiting South Africa, and a blackbird perched on  his windowsill and sang the tune for him!<br />&quot;Piggies&quot; is George's  brilliant satire of the social system.  The rich, important piggies in  their starched, white shirts.  And the poor, little piggies who don't have  any dirt to play around in.<br />&quot;Rocky Raccoon&quot; is a great story  that only Paul could tell, with a humorous reference from Rocky to Gideon's  bible.  Very catchy and schmalzy.<br />&quot;Don't Pass Me By&quot; is Ringo's  only song on the album.  But it's so fun and high-spirited that it makes  you think why he didn't write anymore songs for the album.<br />&quot;Why  Don't We Do It In the Road?&quot; is Paul's controversial tune with just  the title repeated a couple times, then followed by &quot;no one will be  watching us&quot;.  Very funny song.<br />&quot;I Will&quot; is a beautiful  tune that is done with Paul's style of song writing.  Only trouble is that  it's so short.<br />&quot;Julia&quot; is one of John's most beautiful works of  his career.  The lyrics and mood of the song are so beautiful and soothing.   (Julia was John's dead mother's name)<br />&quot;Birthday&quot; is the best  birthday song since, well, Happy Birthday To You&quot;!  The amazing riffs,  and the guitar-heavy rhythm is what makes this song memorable.<br />&quot;Yer  Blues&quot; is one of the only blues songs that The Beatles ever produced.   It's sort of slow, and depressing, but I guess that's what the blues are  all about!<br />&quot;Mother Nature's Son&quot; is Paul's life story told very  carefully and beautifully.  Paul's voice is so soothing, it really makes  this song.<br />&quot;Everybody's Got Something to Hide Except Me and My  Monkey&quot;.  Enough said.  The lyrics are at their psychedelic best, and  the hard-rocking rhythm is so awesome, that it makes it one of the best  songs on the album.<br />&quot;Sexy Sadie&quot;  is John's ode to the  disappointing Mahareshi Mahesh Yogi. (I think that's how you spell his  name.)   <br />&quot;Helter Skelter&quot; is a surprise turn from Paul's usual  pop songs, to a hard-rocking, explosive, almost heavy metal song, with  amazing guitar riffs, and great lyrics.  One of the best on the  album.<br />&quot;Long, Long, Long&quot; is George's song that's so quiet that  you can hardly hear what's being sung.  It's not great, but it'll  do.<br />&quot;Revolution 1&quot; is the original slow beat song that would be  followed by the up beat single.  Still great, and it's a song that only  John would have the guts to write.<br />&quot;Honey Pie&quot; is Paul's  schmalzy ode to those good ole 20's and 30's songs about girls that leave  home to be a star.  Pretty good, I might add.<br />&quot;Savoy Truffle&quot;  isn't great, but it's pretty good.  George apparently wrote the song about  Eric Clapton's love for those certain chocolates.<br />&quot;Cry Baby  Cry&quot; is a brilliant song written by none other than John, that has a  weird story, but very clever, and funny.<br />&quot;Revolution 9&quot; is one  of the worst songs I ever heard in my life.  You can tell that Yoko was  really getting into John's head when they assembled this piece of crap.   It's just a big mess, and it shouldn't have been on the album.<br />&quot;Good  Night&quot; makes us forget all about the horrible &quot;Revolution  9&quot;, and remember what a beautiful song writer John really can  be.<br />The songs range from beautiful and brilliant (Dear Prudence),  psychedelic and weird (Happiness Is A Warm Gun), to stupid and bizarre  (Revolution 9).  Any album with this sort of line-up, done this  beautifully, and arranged so brilliantly, has to be the best album ever  made.  Period.
B00004SCX6|1.0|This is just a waste ofr money. I mean come on how bad can she get. She  sounds like a person that has been constipated for months. Jay Leno makes  such funny jokes about her(they're not jokes it's reality). I downloaded an  MP3 of her song OOps I did it again. No offence but the words are great,  but the song would be good if anyone else sang it. Eminem should sing it,  of course it would be funny in rap, but anything's better than Constipation  Music. And what about that part when Space Boy  is with britney , Britney I  got two words for ya You suck. Mars come on man, it's not my fault you  would like to do something for your home planet,but britney we're people.  She got so many awards, but really are you going to buy this Cd because of  her awards. I still can't beleive it. Look I'm the captain of my high  school football team, I don't have enough time to spend writing an article,  the fact is I don't have enough time to even write a 50 word essay for the   teacher. I hate her so much that I gave up an hour of my precious time to  tell you peoplE DON'T WASTE YOUR MONEY.
B000007RV5|5.0|This is an awsome cd. buy it asap!
B000002PCS|5.0|With this score written to accompany the Classic film Somewhere in Time,  John Barry proves himself the world's greatest film composer.  Nuff  said.<br />This is great heartrending music.
6305181772|5.0|This is a cool movie that has a plot my 16 yr old nsync listening sister  can't get in the first five min. Tom Cruise plays a cool tough and ruthless  agent who tries to get off the disavolwed list after being set up by Jon  Voight for the killing of his IMF team. Voight gives an awsome performance  and you don't know its him to all most the end of the movie that he is the  bad guy but that is only the ending that still more complicated than that.  Ving Rhames plays the cool techno guy with a tough guy look. Hye just see  the movie and you will see that the plot is easier to understand the from  reading and synopsis. Alos its in regular screen on dvd not too many dvds  are in regular screen why i has no qlue, but for you tech people it is also  in wide screen.
B000003KMM|4.0|Boy the characters on the Indians Baseball Team.  Willie Mays Hayes, The  Wild Thing, The Voo Doo Man, and the ageing catcher and more all are loaded  with comedic moments.  Even old Ueck gets into the act. The story line is  simple but plenty effective.  Its not on the level of Bull Durham or White  Men Can't Jump but there is sure plenty to laugh about.
0140186409|5.0|Quite simply, The Grapes of Wrath is THE Great American Novel.<br />This is  the powerful story of the Joad family, &quot;Okies&quot; who are forced  from their bank-foreclosed farm during the depression.<br />John Steinbeck's  writing is sheer literary art. There is beautiful description, incredibly  realistic dialogue, and a compelling story that captures the heart and  seeks out the very core of one's conscious.  And the beauty of it is that  it's thoroughly understandable. The eloquent writing and flawless story can  be savored by anyone from a junior high school student to a PhD.<br />The  book is also innovative, intertwining short chapters that capture the  plight of the dispossessed with longer chapters that follow the long road  traveled by the Joad family to California. This is accomplished without at  all disrupting the flow of the story.<br />No wonder that this book won the  Pulitzer Prize and was the key work cited for Mr. Steinbeck's Nobel Prize.<br />It's a mighty piece of literature.
6304240554|1.0|In this one we see zombies everwhere ripping and tearing and eating flesh  in fact the exccessive gore is the only thing new this one offers. Once  again a band of humans stupidly barracade themselves this time in a  shopping mall. And live their untill some bikers break in letting in the  dead thus leading to the inevietible and preditible ending.Do your self a  favor if you have not seen this don't waste your time or money. Watch  Karloff's Frankenstein or any of the Universal monster classics instead.
0446604844|5.0|This is the first book I read from baldacci, I tried it because the Amazon  recommendation. It was amazing. It kept a quick pace throughout 700 pages.  It was an action-filled mystery with likeable characters and plot twists. I  will definately read another baldacci book and highly recommend this one!!
0195067142|5.0|The Pacific War was the most horrible modern conflict in which Americans  have fought - made so by an unrelenting, fanatical enemy battling in often  abysmal locations. The savagery displayed by both sides was mind-boggling,  and Sledge pulls no punches in that regard; as he notes, most books on the  war overlook the virulent hatred that characterized combat between Japanese  and Americans during those dark days. It's no wonder so few of them wanted  to talk about it upon returning.<br />This book captures the feeling of the  young boy plunked down in the middle of nowhere, not sure what he'd find.  What he found was the stuff of nightmares. What those young men  accomplished is astounding, and to think they had to come home to a country  that regarded the Pacific as a mere second stage to Europe and to families  whose only frame of reference for war was Hollywood's irrelevant  representation and dry newspaper accounts. Indeed, the Marines wondered if  it would take an attack back home to shake them up. So they grew alienated  from the homefront and the bonds between them grew. Some tore up their  tickets home to return to their companies in the face of more combat. That  brotherhood was all they had after being forever changed by the war.<br />Think of this work as a reminder in this post-narcissist age what  sacrifice once meant and what a generation had to contend with. Sledge is  one of the few to leave behind a truly stunning first-person document of  that godawful war, and we should be glad he did - we need to know what was  and what might have been. His generation is passing on now, and it's hard  to imagine a greater loss that America could suffer.
0446677450|5.0|The very first book I bought on wealth was at the age of thirteen.  Tons  of books later, this book came along and changed everything.  I have put  his ideas into practice and I am already seeing results.  I bought my first  rental with no money down and the seller gave me a check at closing!  Do  not hesitate.  For $10 you can't miss.
0553579908|5.0|Set in a believable, well-drawn and original world, A Clash of Kings is  the continuation of Martin's fantasy saga. It is a harsh, unrelenting story  filled with politics, violence and subtle, well-described magic. Martin  captures the natural world especially well and seems to have a good working  knowledge of mountains! The frostbitten, zombie-like creatures which attack  from the north are especially frightening. Martin deserves praise for  creating a genuinely complex plot while maintaining continuity, and for  devising a fantasy world for adults. The writing is good, while avoiding  the sort of flowery flights that only Tolkien could get away with. In  short, this and its prequel are among the best fantasy novels of the past  20 years. Don't miss it!
B000005B0U|4.0|This is a good solid album which has the quality expected based on the  1980-era Blues Brothers albums.  The biggest complaint is that it does not  include the full Taj Mahal cut of &quot;john the revelator&quot; which  opened the movie.  That was a cathartic, emotional cut, one that  transmitted the exquisite pain that a Blues Brothers fan needed to feel  about John Belushi having wasted his life through his early death due to  drug abuse.  The Taj Mahal version was stately and austere and powerful, as  it needed to be; it was truly trascendental to sit through it while  watching the movie.  The longer version on the soundtrack album was merely  good solid four-star music.
0141301155|5.0|Who says you need to read mystery and horror books to get excited? When my friend recommend it to me I didn't want to read as i thought it was dull.  You see,I don't read any other type of books other than horror and mystery.  I think other tyes of books were boring! So, I finally drag myself to read  and you know what? I was not able to put it down. It was a great book and  exciting. I got excited everytime Charlie bought a chocolate bar. I was  waiting for the moment he was going to find the Golden Ticket inside! So, i  finished the book in two hours time and right after that I went straight to  the grocery store and I bought myself my all-time favorite chocolate,  Cadbury's Roasted Almond and I ate it like it was the first time I ever  tasted chocolate! The writer made me think of chocolate like it was the  yummiest food on earth. I think after reading that book, I appreciated  chocolate more! Thanks, Mr. Dahl.
B000002NJS|5.0|I became a Madonna fan in the early 90's after the release of  &quot;Vogue&quot; and the Blond Ambition tour.  I acquired some of her  earlier albums, and awaited her next release.  First was Erotica, which had  a couple of good songs (Bad Girl and Secret Garden), but overall I thought  was awful.  Bedtime Stories was a solid album, with some good songs  (Secret, Inside of Me, and Take a Bow), but more lousy ones (I'd Rather Be  Your Lover, Don't Stop, Sanctuary, etc.).  I thought a superstar of  Madonna's status could have done a whole lot better than these two, and  began to think her glory days were long gone.  Ray of Light proved me  wrong.  After  hearing &quot;Drowned World&quot; I knew this was going to  be a great album.  This track and &quot;Swim&quot; are spellbinding,  &quot;Ray of Light&quot; is full of energy, actually, there isn't one song  on here I don't like (well, maybe Power of Goodbye).  On Madonna's earlier  albums it seemed as thought she planned to make a handful of singles and  then pad out the rest of the album with throwaway tracks.  But here she  definitely made a great record.  One song flows to the next effortlessly,  thanks to the electronic sound.  I hope Music is just as good or better!
B00000J7J4|5.0|This for me was one of the best albums I've heard in a long time.The  variations in styles on the album reflect Santana's ability to move with  the times. Superb!!
0517122707|5.0|Like the best of art, this is a book that can be enjoyed on a low-level  pure-entainment level, and can be enjoyed at five stars.  But it is also  that great art kind of book that can be enjoyed at whatever high level you  might like - this is fantastic literature that be deconstructed, critiqued,  torn apart, and otherwise delved into to find layers and layers and layers  of life meaning in it.<br />What's the highest level/compliment any piece of  artwork can achieve? That it either entertained me greatly, or that it  changed my life in some way. This book works on both levels.<br />I read a lot  on the subway, since I get about an hour a day riding the rails of NYC, and  I read this book mostly on the 1/9 line.  Even though this is a public  space, I laghed out loud numerous times. Some of this book is just plain  outrageously funny - the gut-crunching painful kind of laughter-inducing  humor of Gallagher, Toy Story 2, or the Beavis and Butthead movie.  But  other parts of the book are full of emotion and ennui - the main character  of the book is not altogether psychologically with-it, but yet, he has a  profound and honest insight into a lot of the supidity and cultural BS and  killing-oneself-and-one's-world behavior that so many &quot;sane&quot;  people go after - consumerism, nationalism, idealism, ego gratification,  etc.  And that's the genius of the book - a very intelligent  &quot;hero&quot; who is also a fat, lazy, neurotic can't-hold-a-job  still-living-with-mom loser.<br />I hate to say anything more, because I hate  reviews that tell the story of the book but never comment on the story and  thus ruin all the fun for the reader.  I can't begin to tell you how much I  love this book, and how often while I was reading it that I said to people  &quot;YOU HAVE TO READ THIS BOOK!!&quot; What more do I need to say? Read  this book! It should be in the library of everyone, and is one of those  rare books that I really wish everyone in the country would read. We'd be a  better society if everyone knew it. But alas, 98% of Americans prefer crap  to well-written thinking literature, so this pulitzer winning book is  forever relgated to the bowels of the used bookstores. Shame on you  America, and kudos to those of you who will actually be intelligent to take  this book into your hands and let it change you.We'd be a  better society if everyone knew it. But alas, 98% of Americans prefer crap  to well-written thinking literature, so this pulitzer winning book is  forever relgated to the bowels of the used bookstores. Shame on you  America, and kudos to those of you who will actually be intelligent to take  this book into your hands and let it change you.
B000002J5K|4.0|The movie was undisciplined, had gratuitous bad language, and a poor  excuse for a plot.  The music was excellent.  The 1980 tour in support of  the album was excellent too.  I'm buying this for the second time as my  original album was damaged in a fire.  Briefcase Full Of Blues would get a  slightly higher recommendation.
B00004RHZU|1.0|Why do people like that song &quot;There You Go&quot; so much? I hate this  crap!
B00004TRD8|5.0|I am sure most people have seen this movie at one time or another but not  like this. The picture is perfect even on my old 54&quot; Sears projection  tv. What really makes it is the sound. If you have DTS.... USE IT. This is  what true movie sound is about. Ever tinkle of glass, ever grunt and groan  can be heard with box office effects. The extra's are a plus but not the  reason for buying this perfect movie. I can't say enough. I LOVE IT.
0451197968|5.0|Now when I picked up this book, I realized it was a little short for a  Stephen King novel, but when I opened up to the first page, it grabbed hold  of me and didn't let go. It is so imaginative, I mean, the game shows that  are fatal in a time when tv is called free-vee. I swear, when I finished I  went to watch a movie and told my brother to pass the Free-Vee Remote! The  main charachter, Ben Richards is the model of a normal guy trying to make a  living in a tough society, just not the way you'd expect it done today. I  mean, the day this novel becomes real is the day Regis takes a machine gun  and chases you around the ABC studio! Anyway, I adored the book and didn't  want the climactic final scene to end!
B00003CXHJ|1.0|Treat this movie as the fiction it is, and enjoy it.  I do not recommend this movie to anyone who has served their country due to the obvious LACK  OF RESEARCH that accompanies the film.  If Hollywood can't get their facts  right (even in a fictional sense), then it would be nice if they didn't use  names that describe an actual event or object. For historical accuracy, it  was an Australian working under the British that cracked the Enigma Code.
6305657947|5.0|The Thomas Crown Affair is an intelligent, romantic and yes, thrilling movie that serves as an adreneline shock to the heart for all those  stupified by countless &quot;chick flicks&quot;.<br />Those tired of sitting  through yet another re-hash of &quot;When Harry Met Sally&quot; and  &quot;Sleepless in Seattle&quot;, will welcome this film. It respects the  viewer's intelligence as it portrays two individuals with strong, vibrant  personalities for whom falling in love is a battle of wills.<br />Pierce  Brosnan, as noted in other reviews, has a chance to act in ways that the  Bond movies just don't allow. And Rene Russo is a sexy, kick-ass woman  who's the epitome of an independent woman.  <br />The primary attraction for  me in this movie was the attraction of these two individuals, not as sappy  lovers, but as equals drawn to each other's strengths, rather an  weaknesses. It depicits love as a hypercharged chess game, and it works  beautifully.<br />My wife and I thoroughly both enjoyed this movie. I bought  it the day after I'd rented it ... and then promptly watched it all over  again.
B000003CMB|5.0|What more could possibly be said about this intense and wonderful live  album. All six players flow seamlessly together. They can work their way  through twenty minutes of improv and make an incredible and distinctive  sound. This is Duane Allman at the absolute hieght of his powers. If you  like good music, buy it! More often than not, I don't buy jam band music.  Too often bands like the Grateful Dead and Phish just meander and bore me.  Not so with the Allman's they start out with the same intensity that they  finish with. This is truly an essential recording.
B00003CWOL|5.0|hey folks,if you don't like the movie say so ,but don't wine and moan about it. after all you don't have to watch it if you don't like it.and do you all really think kevin smith cares if you like his movie or not. you  see thats what makes me like kevin smith and his movies, the fact that he  makes them like he wants to.after all they are his films, we only watch  them.so before you judge kevin's work ask yourself if you were given the  chance to make a movie would you like to make your own movie, in your own  words. or just make someone elses film and have your name on it. as far as  i'm concerned all of kevin's films including dogma are great. if we all go  through life pleasing everyone but ourselves no one would ever be happy.  kevin makes his films in that frame of mind. so stop with all these crazy,  judgemental reviews. THIS MOVIE WAS GREAT!
B00003CWTI|1.0|...The start of the movie is enticing enough for you to sitthrough it. When the stars started the karaoke and everyone in the movie begins to reveal themselves that when the mess begins. One reviewer commented about lack of closure, I think he's right. The story could have been told in less than two hours. By the first hour, an average viewer would already have an idea of the characters. PT Anderson thinks the viewers are dumb enough not to understand the characterization hence the long movie...waste of time!
B00004SCX6|5.0|i like her cd she has good music and she is very pretty
B000002552|5.0|What a strange and wonderful album! These tracks take a while to get into  your system, but once they do, get ready for a fun/weird journey into rural  Americana! Just listen to Yea! Heavy And A Bottle Of Bread. I can't think  of a single major artist who has released such a weird song. The sound  quality of these songs varies drastically but all of them (the Bob Dylan  compositions, The Band's contributions are just ok) are excellent. If  you're new to Dylan check out his classics first. Then delve into this  delightfully weird album. Their is truly NOTHING like The Basement Tapes  that has ever been released.
B00003CX95|3.0|While I'm sure Mel looks fab in his &quot;skirt&quot; (as I believe the  Scottish call them), I see little else to warrant the praise heaped on this  Medieval Mel-fest. Watch-able battle scenes, believable acting and an  overrated script make up this questionable multi-Oscar winner. A more  potent movie about men-in-kilts? Rob Roy takes it for ambiance, and a truly  evil villain.
1563523302|3.0|I enjoyed reading this book but as a person  with PAW instincts I found it  very elementary and   repetitous. Many of the anecdotes and  &quot;findings&quot;  confirm things that I either knew intuitively, or    suspected from observing others. The case histories   detailing typical UAW  bad habits were very in-your-face,   and after awhile I didn't even enjoy  reading anymore   about other peoples' stupid mistakes. Then   again, given  the way alot of Americans (mis)handle  their money, perhaps the authors  felt they could not   repeat too many times the mantra &quot;if you want to  save   money, spend LESS than you get&quot;. The most illuminating    material for me was the chapters about adult UAW   children of PAW's.  Pretty depressing.  I have seen incidences of their behavior (spend  everything   while waiting for your anticipated inheritance) but had   no  idea this sort of thing was so prevalent.       So overall I found this a  thought-provoking book, but  am giving it 3 stars because it really talks  (preaches)   down to the audience.
B00003CWTI|5.0|There is a lot of love-hate speak of this movie.  I will try to limit this  as my 5-star rating speaks to how I feel about it.  Several things come to  mind: 1.  It is three-hours long, and it feels like it, although it does  not get boring, or at least it doesn't feel like it when all is said and  done. 2.  For people who watch movies and wish that the characters  &quot;just die,&quot; this is probably not for you.  Instead, I hope that  people will look at these situations and apply them to their own lives.   Every character in this, even though they are all &quot;well-off  WASPs,&quot; all deal with situations that happen to all of us.  I would  guess that if there is anyone who has had a loved/hated one pass away, you  will probably learn a lot from this.  The emotions are real, even if the  roles or performers are not.  As for references that these characters are  whiny, well, for certain they probably are.  This just should bring you  back to the age old belief that rich people are something more than they  really are: humans.  So, if you hate the rich and can't apply their  experiences to your own, so be it. 3.  Of the unexpected, which you may  find out if you read other reviews, well, my opinion is that it was an  important part.  Aside from biblical references, I think that one of the  major twist's points was that: it didn't really matter what the hell  happened, or what crazy event happened, it would and still did happen.   Think about the movie Speed, where that bus flew over a 80 foot hole in an  overpass...totally unbelievable...this movie basically says...so what, it  did happen.  Think of how you met your partner, friend, job, etc., there is  probably something that happened to you due to just &quot;pure luck.&quot;   (much like the intro scenes). This is just a Hollywood OVERdramatization  that represents the same thing.  But I could be wrong...email me at  mlysne@u.washington.edu if you disagree after watching the movie.   4.   Watch this with anopen mind, at home, with a friend or two.  5.  The  acting and editing is raw, and that I think is another attempt at  &quot;keeping it real.&quot;  Hopefully this works for you when you watch  it. 6.  Enjoy!
0425107469|5.0|As a big Koontz fan, this book is my all-time favorite. I compare all of  his other books to this one.<br />It starts so dark, with suicide toughts and  hopelessness and through the pages we meet a bunch of characters all in  need of something. Something they don't know or don't want to know. But  they've got to trust one and another to get through this terrible  expirement gone bad.<br />I just love it when he puts a dog in his stories.  You can definitely tell he loves them. He knows how to make as important to  us as the human characters.<br />I guess with all the reviews already written  everything has been said...Enjoy!
B0000019PA|5.0|I hated this album the first time I listened to it.  When Jeff Mangum  hollered &quot;I loooove yooou Jeeesus Chriiist/Yes I dooooo!&quot; I  winced at his voice and thought, &quot;What is this, some kind of indie  Bible thumper?&quot;<BR> <BR> After about five listens, something clicked.   The twisted, nonsensical lyrics suddenly made sense right in the key  moments. (&quot;Your mom would drink until she was no longer speaking/And  dad would dream of all the different ways to die/Each one a little more  than he could dare to try.&quot; &quot;They buried her body with others/Her  sister and mother and 500 families,&quot; etc.)  The music became beautiful  cacophany and &quot;Holland, 1945&quot; obliterated all need for punk rock.   Jeff Mangum's voice still sounded untrained and rough but portrayed more  emotion than a smooth, practiced voice could.  After five more listens, I  was in love.<BR> <BR> If I had a million dollars (all sing along now!) I'd  buy a copy of &quot;In the Aeroplane, Over the Sea&quot; for every music  critic who has declared that rock is dead and that everything interesting  and original has already been done.  It hasn't--you just have to look  further for the good stuff, and this album is one of the best.
B00004TFK3|4.0|It's a fun movie with exciting action, big, cool sfx and a clever, funny  story.  It's mostly aimed at kids (even though there's bad language  throughout) but there is also good acting to keep adults involved.  Be sure  and watch Tommy Lee Jones closely.  He does a great job showing who his  character is with small details.
B00003CXCS|5.0|The Sound Of Music is one of the best musical dramas ever. Julie Andrews  as Maria is an extremely lovable character. The story is perfect and the  musics are memorable(not to mention the characters). And even though it has  aged considerably, it has never loose it's impact and still manage to be  warm and touching. There was never a single dull moment in the film. It  truly deserves the Academy Award for Best Picture. The picture quality on  DVD is so effectively remastered, you can be fooled into thinking it was  filmed last year. As for the sound, the Dolby Digital soundtrack is  incredible especially for a film  of this age. The making of documentary  covers the subject of the film and the real-life Maria with perfect detail.  And thanks to the isolated score i dont even need to get the soundtrack at  all. If you browse the disc carefully, you will find a lot of rare  materials inside. What more can i say? A near-perfect film on a  near-perfect DVD. A MUST-HAVE!
0465068359|3.0|Iris Chang's book is steeped in passion.  A passion to recount the horror  of the 1937 massacre, a passion to condemn and a passion to make us not  forget.  What becomes clear after reading the introduction is that Ms.  Chang is not a historian but a journalist.  Her short analysis of Japanese  culture is both shallow and largely misunderstood.  But, no matter.  She  launches into the recounting of the events taking place in the closing  months of 1937 and leaves us all shocked at the inhuman treatment of the  Chinese at the hands of the JIA. This book is a collection of anecdotes and  interviews with survivors and the children of survivors.  As a history, it  lacks depth and suffers from several inconsistencies; e.g., John Rabe's  dairy which appeared in print about the same time as this book confirms  several of the events reported but provides differing bits of information  about the organization of the Safety Zone.  These are trivial points but  are important as history. Chang's book serves as a reminder that none of us  can forget the ghastly events that took place in Nanking. This book may be  hastily prepared history, but it is a readable reminder that we must never  forget when humans abuse other humans.
B00004RFCM|5.0|I watched the whole pack about 3 times. This show is so amazing. I would  love to see the second season out for sale. I recommend to everyone to  watch Sex in the City. It's great....
B000000WA4|5.0|If one day, my children would ask me what was the best music in the  nineties, I would put on this Album. You have to own it.
B00003CXCS|5.0|The Sound Of Music is one of the best musical dramas ever. Julie Andrews  as Maria is an extremely lovable character. The story is perfect and the  musics are memorable(not to mention the characters). And even though it has  aged considerably, it has never loose it's impact and still manage to be  warm and touching. There was never a single dull moment in the film. It  truly deserves the Academy Award for Best Picture. The picture quality on  DVD is so effectively remastered, you can be fooled into thinking it was  filmed last year. As for the sound, the Dolby Digital soundtrack is  incredible especially for a film  of this age. The making of documentary  covers the subject of the film and the real-life Maria with perfect detail.  And thanks to the isolated score i dont even need to get the soundtrack at  all. If you browse the disc carefully, you will find a lot of rare  materials inside. What more can i say? A near-perfect film on a  near-perfect DVD. A MUST-HAVE!
0553275976|5.0|I remember this book caused quite a stir in the late 80's.  Reading it now  I enjoyed it very much.  It's certainly not a defining, breathtaking, world  changing book (back then everyone was fawning over it)  but it is quite  good for what it is.  I don't think the point of the book was for you to  feel sorry for Sherman McCoy or anyone else for that matter, but simply to  see what can happen to someone who has his life utterly destroyed.  I like  these stories (check out &quot;Leaving Las Vegas&quot;) and consequently I  liked this book.
6302968100|5.0|I can't believe I didn't see this movie earlier.  Until I saw it in a  magazine and asked a friend at work what it was I had no idea that a movie  of the quality existed.  I borrowed it and fell in love with it.  Only a  few movies have actually gotten me to feel for the characters and feel like  watching it again right after the first time.  I wasn't too sure about it  after reading who was in it; most movies with lots of big stars in them  make me feel like it was just something they made just to try and make some  money.  The whole thing kept my interest unlike most movies where I keep  looking at my watch.  Slater and Arquette made the perfect couple and when  they each killed for the first time I was reeling.  They both had such  different reasons for killing and pulled it off beautifully.  The R rating  is there for a reason, but the movie was not overly graphic like some of  the newer movies that feel that the more blood the better.  An absolute  must buy for anyone who likes to watch movies.
B000006OBQ|5.0|From the opening announcements you know that for the next hour and a half  you're in for an exciting night. This cd was Frank's first live album that  was released-he did record some great concerts from his days with Dorsey to  just prior to this release the complaint about this cd is how sloppy it was  edited together. One of the prior reviewers complains that the cd is too  long-when it was originally released it was a two album set.Yes,it could  have been condensed-the jokes eliminated-the Basie band cut-but then your  wouldn't have a true picture of what it was like to see Sinatra live in the  60's in Vegas. The music is vinage Sinatra-classic Captiol,current Reprise  cuts-where else on cd do you get to hear Sinatra swing live with the  classic Basie band? Quncy Jones did a great job editing the classic Billy  May, Nelson Riddle,and Quincy arrangements for the Basie band-it's pretty  cool to hear &quot;...Under My Skin&quot; without the strings as well as  Riddle's &quot; ...Very Good Year&quot;  the Billy May version of  &quot;Luck Be A Lady&quot; w/o strings is classic big band swing. The  greatness of the cd is the simple approach to swing and the ballads that  Frank and Co present. The entire sessions were recorded during what I  believe was a ten day set(imagine Sinatra playing in town anywhere for ten  days and getting to record all that music?)February of 1966. Frank and  Basie had hit a groove and what better way to celebrate than play Vegas.  Unfortunately the editing is so poor that we bounce around the spectrum  from high musical moments to comedy and band breaks-if anyone ever saw  Sinatra perform you know that the pacing of his set is what set him apart  from others-the cd loses it's pacing early on. Buy this cd for the music  and pour yourself a glass of Daniels and enjoy. Better yet buy the recently  released Basie set on Reprise &quot;Live at the Sands. Before Frank&quot;  and then segue into this musical piece of history.
B00000JG41|5.0|i have known about mr. bungle for quite some time, i do live in san  francisco after all. but this was the first record of theirs i bought and i  completely love it. it is weird music and is really an art, not just a mix  up of a couple genres. it is a mix of EVERY genre. song ratings:<br />sweet  charity-5/5: you should see this live. it is one of my favorites, combining  some weird 50's or 60's music with some weird funk (that's how most of the  album is). one of the funnier bits.<br />none of them knew they were  robots-5/5: my #2 favorite song on california. one of the best named songs  ever is a piano driven track with little interludes and bits of guitar  thrown in for good measure. i bought the shirt with this on it i loved the  song so much.<br />retrovertigo-5/5: funny, but very talented. it is all easy  goin' guitar and quiet vocals, except for some strange stuff thrown in  occaisionally. it's supposed to be funny, but i actually like the  song.<br />the air-conditioned nightmare-5/5: my favorite song on here. 50's  music mixed with thrash and patton's unmistakeable vocals. i love this  song...always in my changer...one to skip right to.<br />ars moriendi-5/5:  hilarious. there are these weird european melodies with a lot of  percussion. this is followed up with some great drumming and it makes one  hell of a great song.<br />pink cigarette-3/5: it's good, but it gets stuck in  my head too easily. skip this one unless you're looking for a song  different from the pack you started with...<br />golem II (the bionic vapour  boy)-5/5: the funniest song. this one is very weird, but patton is amazing  on this one and controls the rest of the band with his weird noises.<br />the  holy filament-5/5 gets stuck in your head, for the better. another  highlight, this one is also good live. another odd one, but you'll like  it.<br />vanity fair-5/5: good song, a little bit more oldies-influenced than  the others, but still fantastic. this one is one of my favorites oncalifornia.<br />goodbye sober day-5/5: another great live one. one of my  favorites to listen to, as i frequently skip to it. it is one of the  highlights, definitely, as patton reaches his maximum talent here, going  all out.<br />the whole record has some of the best cover art ever, and is one  of the most unique records ever... you must pick this up if you feel you're  a unique person. nothing's going to beat this as far as 50's revival funk  thrash is concerned...a must have for everyone.
B00004TVV1|5.0|In the immortal words of Louis Armstrong I open this page. The two  greatest and earliest practioneers of classic jazz together in a historic  set that really compliments both artists as jazz musicians and performers.  They both had the polished stage performas and were at times worn out  creatively but here we find the two giants performing an all Duke set with  drive passion and creativity that is the deffinition of jazz. Listen to  Louis on &quot;..Mellow Tone&quot; and hear the essence of American popular  music flow through his peerless horn. Ellington is the pastel portrait  painter in musical sound-one can smell the magnolias and taste Louis'  beloved red beans and rice in &quot;Azalea.&quot; Yeah-Daddy-this is a set  with historic recordings and the two greatest artist that ever practiced  playing American music.
B00000255X|3.0|My biggest gripe about this album is there are way too many songs with  Emmylou Harris singing harmony. The song &quot;Hurricane&quot; is about the  destructive power of tropical storms and is easily the best song on the  album. Songs like &quot;Joey&quot;, about some union thug who got killed,  go on for what seems like forever, though. Less Emmylou and more Bob and  this might be an album on par with &quot;Blood On The Tracks&quot;.
B00000JWVO|4.0|This video is a pretty good representation of the stage show, with a few  exceptions: Why are the cats lyp-synching? Why didn't they use a real set,  like the london or b'way show? Why did they cut out the song  &quot;growltiger's last stand&quot;?. The lyp-synching takes away from the  spontaniality of the show, the set from the touring company is not nearly  as impressive as the real set, and &quot;Growltiger's last Stand&quot;  contains a beautiful ballad that would have showed up great on video! The  lighting for the video is all wrong. There is WAYYY too much plain blue  light. As you can see from pictures of the show, when the stage is lit red,  even the moon backdrop turns red, so why is it always blue in the video?  Other than these problems, the video is at least entertaining and somewhat  true to the great theatrical production that will live on far after it has  closed. Enjoy!
0684833395|4.0|Lots of humor and humorous situations make this a fun read.  Heller seems  to favor adverbs more than most writers, but this may be because they were  more in style decades ago when this was written.  Speaking of decades,  Heller has not been dead for fifty years, as the review below states.  He  just died last year.  Read Catch-22 if you enjoy satire.
1891252089|5.0|Unless you're already so advanced in the system that you already know and  understand the postures of the primary and secondary series or you're a  frequent practioner in Mysore than get this book. Very user friendly and  very helpful.
B00004TLMC|4.0|EYES WIDE SHUT is definitely not a typical Hollywood film with risque and  actions, but rather it is an accomplished film that evokes complexed and  nuanced emotions in polarized thoughts on sex, marriage and deceit. For all  the rumours of it being erotic and sexually titillating, audiences watching  it for this reason will undoubtedly be disappointed because the scenes are  hardly passionate. The drama unfolds in the glitzy New York stage which is  chillingly somber and dark, and Tom Cruise as Dr. Bill Harford finds  himself disturbed by images of infidelity after his wife, Alice (Nicole  Kidman) replayed out her fantasies. The mood of the film is serious and  surreal; Kubrick is a master at capturing the dark labyrinth and for the  questions it dissects and poses on faith and love - it is an awakening and  a moral dilemma acted out by Harford. It is adapted very simply from Arthur  Schnitzler &quot;Dream Story&quot; - the plot has no intricacies - but  rather the mood of the film overwhelms beautifully, even with Tom Cruise  trying to match his acting skills with the sublime directing. The sex  rituals are in my opinion - delicious terror that mirrors guilt and  evilness of human's heart. <br />It is controversial for the diverse and  radical thoughts in the movie - and definitely not on kinky sex. Kubrick's  directing is in fact what makes EYES WIDE SHUT miraculously alive - even it  loses grit and impetus in its last moment for the inconclusive ending. Of  course, with the directing overshadowing talented acts from Cruise and  Kidman, it is hard to see any memorable and versatile performances from  them. EYES WIDE SHUT is nonetheless a must-see for astute audiences who  sees the film for its savage beauty and provocative thoughts.
B00004SCX6|5.0|How can you people rate this cd a 1?!?!?! Even if there are only like, 3  good songs on it, you shouldn't be so cruel to the rest of them. I think  that this CD is very good and everyone should buy it. No one is forcing you  to listen to all of them. The only ones I like on it are Oops!... I did it  again and Lucky, but it is still a very good cd!! Shame on those who are  cruel!!!
B000002PCS|5.0|John Barry, who composed some of the most memorable movie music ever  recorded (James Bond theme; Born Free; Out Of Africa) created a soundtrack  that in every way is superior than the film it underscored.  Though the  movie is a must for all romantics, with its heartbreaking premise of  ill-fated time travel, the score works gorgeously on its own.  A swirling,  string-laden series of compositions built around a classic Rachmaninoff  piece, this soundtrack is full of drama, emotion and beauty.  It is one of  those rare pieces of music that never ever grows old, and should be a part  of everyone's music collection.  Melancholy and evocative, this CD provides  a wealth of romantic possibility, and has often underscored some of the  most meaningful moments in my life.
0790749815|5.0|This is a magnificent film beautifully restored and presented digitally on  DVD in Dolby Digital 5.1 -- The photography and sound are superb. The  restored footage has vibrant colors and the dolby surround enables the  famous airplane scene make you feel like you are right there next to Cary  Grant. Truly a Hitchcock masterpiece.<br />I saw this film on the big-screen  (1980's re-release)as a teenager at the famous Tennessee Theater and it has  been one of my favorites ever since. Movies like this don't seem to be made  anymore.<br />This movie deserves to be higher on the AFI Top 100 list.
0380973464|5.0|I have read all of Neal Stephenson's books and this is by far his best.
6303593666|4.0|I`m writing from Germany, where the film is forbidden. Don`t blame Leni  Riefenstahl too much for this. According to her biography she was forced to  produce it by the Propagandaministerium. The film won silver and gold  medals in Italy and France even in 1937. The speeches of Goebbels, Hitler  and the others are about freedom, a free-press, work, the truth, a new  mysicism and a new future. Not one sentence about war, hate or racism. If  Hitler had this already in mind, really cynical and untrue. The guests from  other countries are treated with respect  and are mentioned in the  speeches.<br />One of the favorite films of Mick Jagger, for example. 300.000  people in the night with torches shaping a Hakenkreuz must be impressive  for anyone. The film is welldone by a famous moviemaker of those times  (just watch her first big success &quot;The blue light&quot; in 1932. But  as far as I know, Leni R. had no political interests and did it just  because she had to do it. But well. After the war she was blamed for it.  <br />Like &quot;Mein Kampf&quot; this film should be published again in  Germany for history lessons, to understand, how a whole nation was  manipulated with georgous rituals like that.  Fateful is the sequence where  Hitler is speaking to his youth, the youngsters faces expressing idealism  without bad thoughts  and worshipping this man, believing everything what  he was saying.  <br />Thomas
B000002J1C|5.0|...and see if it doesn't remind you of the theme to the western film  &quot;Magnificent Seven&quot;. The way Howe and Squire start out with  staccato chords unaccompanied by the rest of the band at first. When I  first broke down and bought this album, the only song I'd heard from it was  the &quot;Your Move&quot; half of &quot;All Good People&quot;, released as  a single--I thought Yes were a folk-rock band. I went &quot;wow&quot;. Even  more so when I got to the whole &quot;All Good People&quot;, driving rock  coda and all. Since then, FM stations have always played the whole  thing--anyone who thinks Yes does not and never has rocked should remember  the last time they heard that number. Another point of interest is Steve  Howe's live rendition of his nod to Chet Atkins: &quot;The Clap&quot;.  Several other reviewers here have it exactly right and say it a lot better  than I ever have--this is the first true Yes album.
B000002C1V|5.0|Talking with friends Ihave found that this Album is generally underrated,  and people really like it more once they listen to it again.  it did not  have the mass appeal of &quot;The Wall&quot; or &quot;Dark Side&quot;, nor  is it similar to &quot;Obscured by Clouds&quot;.<br />A political commentary  on War in general (IMO), the songs flow very well together, and do well as  background, or in a car.
B00000J7JO|5.0|The Red Hot Chili Peppers are just amazing!  They don't have the hard rock  like Powerman 5000, don't have the punk flavor like Green Day, but sort of  have their own style in my opinion.  Some of the songs are very fast, some  are slow, but all are catchy.  Their songs aren't exactly hard or soft  rock, but in between and have sort of a rap flavor because of the fast  talking, and the lyrics are easy to make out in most of their songs.  Not  only are the lyrics catchy, but also the music and the guitar tunes.  The  guitar tunes are very simple to play, and yet, when they arrange the simple  notes, it's a brilliant work of art.
B00003CX95|5.0|This film is hard to describe w/words...It is wonderful, incredible, and  quite possibly one of the all time greatest epics.  Even though it is not  historically accurate...One must keep in mind that it is a movie, not a  documentary.  This film inspires your innermost passions, and makes you  want to succeed in life at any cost.  I would highly recommend this film to  anyone, young, or old...
B00000IPAX|5.0|Some people may say that they don't like Blink 182, when they never even  heard any of their songs from any of their albumns, they only hate them  because they have a similiar style as Green Day, but only watered-down.   That's just crap.  It doesn't matter what style of punk rock they play,  just how good their songs are, and on this Blink 182 CD had the works!  All  the songs are catchy and worthy of being singles!  The lyrics are funny  although a little mean, and show that they have both a serious and a light  side.  They make fun of anything and talk about anything in their songs,  make fun of strange neighbors and etc. and talk about how harsh girls are.   This CD is defintely worth it!
B00000GJ2B|5.0|Yeah, still Scorsese's best, though &quot;Goodfellas&quot; gives it a run  for its money. Stylistically unmatched and probably unmatchable -- this  movie lives and breathes. It's a long movie because Scorsese has to take  his (real-life!) story down to the end, the bitter end, the sad and sorry  end. The only movie I prefer to this is &quot;Eraserhead&quot; (I like to  laugh). Hmm. For a little while there, some great directors made some great  black and white movies.
B00000JCB2|4.0|This CD has a lot of great songs on it, but it shouldn't be heard by kids  under 12, as the explict lyrics are very...  Explict.  But the songs, their  very catchy and Limp Bizkit's style is like that of Cypress Hill, heavy  rock/metal with a flavor of rap.  &quot;Break Stuff,&quot; being my  favorite song on the albumn is very good, as it not only has a tune that is  catchy, well, it's good.  The only problem is that some of the songs like  &quot;Re-arranged&quot; is not their style and kinda doesn't make sense  after you hear &quot;Think about it&quot; then followed after 500 curses in  the songs after.
0515123447|5.0|Wow, what a book!  Lee Child has given us perhaps the most interesting and  complex hero in some time.  Jack Reacher is Clint Eastwood, John Wayne and  Arnold Schwarzenegger rolled into one...but with much more personality and  pizzazz!  I'm only sorry it's taken me so long to read Mr. Child's book!<br />The story is a riveting one, focusing on Jack's involvement in a crime  in a small town in Georgia.  Boy, does he make a mistake in deciding to  stop off in this little burg, just to find out about a blue singing legend  named Blind Blake.  But, what a story unfolds.  The dialogue is brisk,  economical, and very involving!  Along with Jack, there are a ton of  characters that are so remarkably fleshed out and described, you would  think this was a true crime story!<br />There are scenes of nail-biting  action; very graphic and disturbing scenes of violence; and amidst all this  some really well-written scenes of sensitivity and poignancy.  Jack's  meeting with an old lady who once knew the old blues legend is outstanding  in its emotional punch!  Paul Hubble, the neurotic banker; Roscoe, the  beautiful policewoman; Finlay, the chief of detectives; and the evil  villains are some of the best written characters in recent mystery  fiction.<br />What is so amazing about this book is the way Lee Child has not  only woven a complex murder mystery, but also a chilling tale of greed,  madness, and lost loves and lives.<br />This is an emotional, wrenching debut,  and I cannot wait to start in on the rest of this series!<br />An outstanding  piece of fiction!
0767903854|3.0|I see this book on display everywhere from the local Barnes and Noble  store to my supermarket.  I guess it's because Bryson's other book &quot;A  Walk in the Woods&quot; was so popular and the fact that the Olympics have  peaked an interest in all things Australian.  However, this being the 3rd  book on travelling around Australia that I've read this year, I have to say  that I was a bit disappointed.  I kept waiting for this book to really  capture my interest, and it was a pleasant read, but the entire book seemed  to just touch on the surface of things and not really expose the heart of  Australia.  The perfect example of this is that a large part of his travels  throughout Australia was done from the comfort of a 1st class seat on a  train--not really ideal for meeting the people of Australia, experiencing  the terrain first-hand, or seeing Australia's diverse wildlife (besides  kangaroos).  Bryson, at his best, does a decent job of offering some  interesting history, but never delves too deeply.  He also has a nice sense  of humor, but it is very subdued.  If you are looking for a more 'hands-on'  travel experience that is much more funny (hilarious, in fact), check out  Sean Condon's &quot;Sean and Dave's Long Drive&quot; from the Lonely Planet  Journals series--it's great, although more geared towards a gen-x audience.
6305910103|1.0|The Wrath of Kahn is one of my favorite Star Trek movies.  The producers  of this DVD felt that they were doing you such a HUGE favor by providing a  Wide Screen version of the film that they have provided NOTHING ELSE.  There are no cast bio's, no production notes, no &quot;making of&quot;  featurette, no director comentary, nothing.  The printed material rises to  the same low standard, poviding only the minimal rehashing of the DVD's  chapter list and a sales pitch for this wonderfull &quot;Priced to  Own&quot; DVD series.  If you check the asking price for this &quot;priced  to own&quot; DVD, and consider the vintage of the film involved, you will  see that you are paying for the &quot;extra features&quot; (they just  aren't there).  All in all, I would say this DVD would be a bargan at HALF  the price.  Since Star Trek fans are collection oriented, I expect that we  will soon see an improved &quot;Collectors Edition&quot; at substantiallay  the same price, so, until then, don't waste your money.
B00004U8H4|4.0|One of the most unfilmable novels actually worked quite well on the big  screen. Taking lots of details, some sequences and the general feel of the  book, the filmmakers turn Ellis' nightmarish novel into a black comedy of  manners - a Merchant Ivory film with group sex and a chainsaw. The violence  is toned-down to a point where it's almost absent ('Very Bad Things' was  much nastier), and the obsessive detail of the book is left in the  exquisitely-detailed recreation of the late-80s. In fact, the lack of  violence hurts the film, in a way - Christian Bale's version of Bateman  seems like too much of an idiot to be the inventive, invulnerable amoralist  of his literary equivalent (and the physical resemblance to Chris Morris is  striking). As with the book, the clever ending initially allows you to fool  yourself into thinking that the film as a dream, until you think about it a  bit more.
B000006045|5.0|Pretty much every review has heralded this as one of the best of 1998.   Normally this would make me say that it must be crap right off the bat, cuz  we all know how accurate the critics are.  But I must say that they're  right on this one.  After seeing the video for the gorgeous single  'Teardrop' and downloading 'Angel', I just had to hear what the rest of  this album has to offer. (You hear that Metallica??  I actually BUY the  CD's I download!!) I FINALLY decided to pick it up about a week ago,  despite its hefty price tag, and I must say it's absolutely spectacular.   The vocal exchanges of 3D and Daddy G are superb on songs such as  'Risingson', 'Inertia Creeps' and the title track, but the guests (Liz  Fraser, Sara Jay, Horace Andy) provide some of the most wonderful vocal  displays ever put to CD.  'Dissolved Girl' (feat. Sara Jay) has an  effective rock influence and an excellent arrangement, but its Sara Jay's  haunting voice that really makes this song special.  The same goes for the  Horace Andy-led 'Man Next Door' and the 3 pieces feat. Liz Fraser ('Group  Four' and my 2 overall favourites 'Teardrop' and 'Black Milk')  I do think  that 'Exchange' is better served as an instrumental, though.  Both versions  are stunning, but I prefer the first one.  All the songs are so wonderful  that you will surely have different faves than myself, but I personally  like 'Risingson', 'Teardrop', 'Inertia Creeps', 'Dissolved Girl' and 'Black  Milk'.  It still doesn't dethrone Mr. Bungle's first CD as my favourite  all-time, but it's the only CD I know of that comes even close.  Even if  you don't like this kind of music (I won't try to pigeonhole it, simply  because I can't), you're doing yourself a great disservice by ignoring this  album.
B00000348D|5.0|when You hear this Album it takes you to a Time when Music was about Risk  Taking.nothing was out of the Oridanry.Ornette Coleman breaks so Much  Ground with this Must Have Disc.THe Styles&amp;Playing are for those that  Respect Challenges in their Music.the Music here is very Complex&amp;Comes  at you in so many ways.you feel The Genius Of ORnette Coleman from start to  Finish.music with no Rules but to be Creative&amp;that's what this is.
B00004TJTQ|2.0|The only question this little, kinda likeable movie really poses is, uhh,  why?  It does evoke a certain nostalgia for WW II era Mississippi (again,  why?) But poses no questions and provides no answers. It just sorta ambles  along genially, and just sorta ends. Fortunately, it does manage to avoid  &quot;cutesy&quot; (no mean feat for a picaresque tale about an adorable  boy and an adorable doggy). But it's all kinda pointless. Pass the bourbon.
B000002NZO|4.0|Fresh off the heels of their 1969 debut &quot;From Genesis To  Revelation&quot;, the band felt they needed a fresh approach for their next  album, 1970's &quot;Trespass.&quot; Genesis got themselves a new manager  and recorded this sophmoric effort in the English countryside to give the  album a &quot;grass roots&quot; British feel to it. The results appeared to  work, but many Genesis fans felt the best was yet to surface from this  quintet just out of the Charterhouse School in London. The polished tracks  here are &quot;Stagnation&quot; and &quot;The Knife.&quot; Some personnel  changes would develop after this album as well. Guitarist Anthony Phillips  and drummer John Mayhew departed, with the former putting out an occasional  solo album. Genesis fans would then be treated to the classic lineup, aka  &quot;the best yet to come.&quot;
B00000IBRX|5.0|The premise of this  beautiful film is life after death or ongoing  existence in heavens or hells of our own creation.  Visually stunning with  glorius colors and brillant performances by wonderful actors.  Annie and  Chris, the perfect couple lose their two children in a tragic accident;  then Chris dies in a fatal car accident while trying to help another  motorist.  His wife Annie sucumbs to grief and commits suicide.  Sounds  grim, but thus is the stuff of dreams, and a marvelous adventure into the  after-life to re-unite the &quot;soul-mates&quot; and their children  through the power of Chris' love for Annie. There are some scary moments,  but this is and utterly charming film.  Robin Williams proves again that he  can handle the heavy dramatic roles as well as comedy.  Do you believe in  Reincarnation or  Karma?  You may, after you see this film.  Thoroughly  entertaining.
B000002J1L|5.0|This is the first Genesis album that features the classic lineup. It is on  this CD where we are introduced to the talents of Steve Hackett and Phil  Collins. Peter Gabriel's vocals take on a &quot;thespian' style,  particularly on the opening track &quot;The Musical Box&quot;, where Tony  Banks' use of the Mellotron is quite fluent, as is the case on the majority  of the tracks here. &quot;Nursery Cryme&quot; is the hardest-rocking of the  early Genesis CD's, which adds depth as well as profound wisdom to the  lyrics. Although the CD is fairly short overall, it is not short on musical  talent. A must have.
B00000IOSU|5.0|I think it's great. Her voice is wonderful and her songs are intersting.
B000002J1O|5.0|This is my favorite early Genesis CD. Each and every song here diplays a  wealth of artistic arrangements and talent. The creme de la creme musically  is Tony Banks work on the Mellotron on songs like &quot;Dancing With The  Moonlit Knight&quot;, and on the instrumental &quot;After The Ordeal&quot;  and &quot;The Cinema Show.&quot; Mike Rutherford's use of the Sitar on  &quot;I Know What I Like&quot; is also appreciated. Phil Collins adds his  vocals on his lone track here titled &quot;More Fool Me&quot;, a weepy,  senimental ballad. Let's not forget the comical &quot;The Ballad Of Epping  Forest&quot;, a well thought out laugh fest! Gotta love the lines  &quot;Accountants keep a score, 10-4, &quot;The blue bell are ringing for  sweet, clear Sam, clear ham, handing out bread and jam, just like any  picnic...picnic!... picnic!&quot; how about this line: &quot;The butler's  got jam on his lens like dough out of the pot, with teeth on a silver pot  just like any picnic!...picnic!... picnic!...picnic!&quot; Sorry, but I  couldn't help overindulging myself! The point is, with Genesis, typically  early Genesis, you never know what to expect. aside from the excellent  musicianship displayed on &quot;Selling England&quot;, Peter Gabriels  vocals are nothing to sneeze at. If you are a true Genesis fan, and you  don't have this CD in your collection, what are you waiting for? buy it  now. I highly recommend it!
B00004TH7Z|5.0|I grew up as a teenager with Maiden so when I heard Dickenson was back  with the band I ran out and bought the CD the day it was released, and was  blown away. This Disc does not have a bad song on it. With record company's  flooding the market with the same type of music, it is refreshing to see  older acts using their STRONG FAN BASE to produce music their way and be  succsessful. I have followed Bruce in his solo career, and loved Accident  at Birth, but Maiden is where it is at. The talent and energy this disc  packs is incredible. I have not bought a Maiden CD since SOMEWHERE IN TIME,  so if your an old time Maiden fan do yourself a favor and get this CD.  Enough is enough of this PANSEY music.  It is time for ROCK-N-ROLL to rule  once again!!!!
B000002J2B|5.0|&quot;Wind And Wuthering&quot; is a worthy follow-up to &quot;Trick Of The  Tail&quot;, and equals that album both musically and lyrically. W &amp;W's  opening track &quot;Eleventh Earl Of Mar&quot; gives the listener some  insight on the journey upon which the songs take. &quot;Eleventh Earl Of  Mar&quot; could represent a course of action taken, while &quot;One For The  Vine&quot; could be representative of one's fate under adverse  circumstances. &quot;All In A Mouse's Night&quot; can be taken as someone  striving to obtain something worthy of being searched, yet searching for it  under dangerous circumstances. &quot;Unquiet Slumbers For The  Sleepers&quot; is an instrumental piece which can be interpreted to mean  that someone is traveling a smooth paved road after obtaining what that  person wanted, then weathering a difficult storm ahead: riding a rocky  road, then caught in a violent whirlpool. Then we get to  &quot;Afterglow&quot;, where our person in peril  finally sails on a sea  of tranquility and finally reaches his destination. The interpretations  listed here can convey different meanings. &quot;Your Own Special Way&quot;  was the first Genesis song to reach the U.S. Billboad Hot 100. &quot;Wind  &amp; Wuthering&quot; displays fine singing from Phil Collins, and  excellent musicianship from Tony Banks, Mike Rutherford and Steve Hackett,  who departed from Genesis shortly after this album. I recommend you buy  this CD!
0679736646|5.0|Anyone who watches modern capitalism can see just how much we are on track  with PKD's distopic vision of the future: Coffeemakers, refigerators and  other appliances that extort money for services rendered, 'flies' that are  really just small advertising automata that fly into your car, land on your  ear, and pester you with whining imprecations to buy things. In all of it's  witty facets, the Dick universe is a belly laugh at capitalism run amok,  eating its own tail.<br />On top of that is one of Dick's other great themes:  the plasticity, and unreliability of 'reality' - i.e. that what we call  reality is a cruel illusion at best.<br />Tack on 'homeopapes' (print-to-order  newspapers that only contain user-specified content) and several other  prescient inventions and you have the totality of the PKD experience:<br />A  febrile, paranoid, witty mind seeing the future with chilling clarity and  expressing it with a lethal black wit. Of course the writing contain's  PKD's trademark sloppiness but it also contains his trademark  multi-character-viewpoint plots and a billion fascinating ideas. Who cares  that he was sloppy; he was in too much of a hurry creating to be a  perfectionist, and I, for one, am thankful.
B000002J1M|5.0|I recently bought the remastered version of &quot;Foxtrot&quot; on CD, and in comparison to the original non-mastered previous version of &quot;Foxtrot&quot;, needless to say, I couldn't tell the difference in sound quality. This is still a great CD, remastered or not. It's just a shame that none of the CD titles in the Genesis Definitive Edition Remaster Series contain bonus tracks, although, according to various sources surrounding the Genesis camp, there are/were quite a number of &quot;throwaway&quot; singles the band could have included here. For instance, the Definitive Edition Remaster of &quot;Selling England By The Pound&quot; should have contained the bonus track &quot;Twilight Alehouse&quot;, but, for some reason, either the record company (Atlantic) or the band decided not to include it. To my knowledge, no extra tracks were recorded during the &quot;Foxtrot&quot; sessions. The least Atlantic could have done was to include one or two live selections from the &quot;Foxtrot&quot; tour on this remastered version. In the way of sheer brilliance and originality, this is still a five-star work of art, nonetheless. The standout track on &quot;Foxtrot&quot; is the 23 minute long and delghtful &quot;Supper's Ready&quot;. I love those silly, profound lyrics, and the varying musical styles used throughout &quot;Supper's Ready&quot; are astounding! You'll find other choice cuts here as well, like the opening track &quot;Watcher Of The Skies&quot;, &quot;Time Table&quot;, &quot;Get 'Em Out By Friday&quot; and &quot;Can-Utility And The Coastliners.&quot; If you are a Genesis fan or just a lyrics buff, this is the CD for you!
B000002546|5.0|What a shame that Amazon didn't include samples of either 'Cause We've  Ended As Lovers' or 'Diamond Dust', EASILY the two most compelling tracks  on this album.<br />In particular, 'Cause We've Ended...' shows just how  expressive an electric guitar can be and refutes Segovia's snobbish  comments about it not being a 'real instrument'. The use of the Les Paul's  inherent sustain, Beck's incredibly mature self-control, evident in the  passion, temper and restraint all interplaying and competing in this track,  is simply breathtaking. It is one of THE seminal electric guitar tracks in  Rock history, right up there with 'Machine Gun' by Hendrix (Bamd of  Gypsys).<br />There are some somewhat annoying pieces (I found air blower and  scatterbrain to be busy and indulgent), but all is forgiven for a couple of  tracks that transcned rock and fusion, and allow the electric guitar to  soar and flourish in an antirely new context.
B000002J1B|3.0|After the first listen of &quot;Relayer&quot;, here is my assessment: the  opening track &quot;The Gates Of Delirium&quot; has the band attempting to  &quot;fine-tune&quot; their instruments, yet the track's hard-rock vibes  appeal to me. &quot;Sound Chaser&quot; is more of the same, but with  annoying neanderthallic chants throughout the second half. The closing  track &quot;To Be Over, is the best of the three, with its mellow,  melancholy feel and tranquil lyrics. &quot;Relayer is just an average CD at  best, but still worthy of Yes fans to add to their collection.
0792140923|5.0|This movie is great because it is so hilarious. But also because it rips  my heart out because of 1) Forrest's unrequited love he wants from Jenny,  and--unfortunately--I can relate to unrequited love. 2) Jenny's confused,  troubled adulthood because of her father sexually molesting her as a child  3) Lieut. Dan's bitterness at losing his legs and not dying in  battle.<br />God! So much hard-hitting emotion. This is one of those rare  movies that entertains you, makes you feel and makes you think.
B000002UA9|5.0|The album that introduced the world to The Beatles. Well, to England  anyway, since Capitol had to go and butcher their albums for the American  releases. But here we have the very first glimpses of what The Beatles were  all about. George's lead guitar, Ringo's drumming, Paul's bass, John's  rythm guitar, and everyone's vocals. While about half of the album consists  of covers, the Lennon/McCartney originals show promise here of great things  to come. Songs like I Saw Her Standing There, P.S. I Love You, Love Me Do,  and Ask Me Why are just as good as any of the covers on the album. This  album is not complex by any means. It was recorded live all in one day. If  you want a grand complex Beatles album, go buy Sgt. Pepper or Abbey Road.  The lyrics aren't extravagant either, they're basically there to support  the music. If it's lyrical eloquence you're looking for, I would recommend  Revolver, the white album or Abbey Road. But if you're looking for  stripped-down, raw rock and roll, then Please Please Me is for you.
B000002IWQ|4.0|'Back to basics' was very much the approach on 'Parts', the guitar is  really given the priority here, as demonstrated in tracks like 'Cut to the  Chase', 'Stick it out' and 'Double Agent'. These three tracks feature some  of the trio's heaviest sounds for many a year.  There are lighter, more  commercial sounds like 'Cold Fire' and 'Everyday Glory' and the blues-ish  'Between Sun and Moon'.  The track that really stands out however is the  poignant ballad 'Nobody's Hero', it features moving orchestral work from  Michael Kamen, who worked with Metallica on their 'Black' album in 1991.  I  have to admit it nearly had me in tears when I first heard it, and not many  Rush tunes do that!    Rush were clearly getting back into their stride  with four impressive albums on the trot ('Fire', 'Presto', 'Bones' and now  'Parts') but even better stuff was to follow in the shape of 'T4E' (check  review).
B00003CWTI|1.0|Hollywood makes such rubbish these days that an offbeat movie like  Magnolia garners praise from critics and moviegoers.  I did not relate to,  nor did I like any of the characters, except the young boy who was scared  on the game show.  The characters got on my nerves.  The highlight of the  movie is Tom Cruise's narcisstic/antisocial character.  Other than that I  was waiting for the movie to eventually make sense, but it's just a 3 hour-  long mess.  So what if all of these characters are screwed up?  As a viewer  I did not really care about these characters.
B000002WYT|5.0|the dave matthews band cd, crash, is one of the most inspirational cd i  have ever heard - the lyrics seem to unfold right in front of you and  create this little movie for you, the listener. i find that my favorite  song off this album is #41 - i can totally relate to the line that says, i  will go in this way, and find my own way out. i think if you listened to  this cd, you would instantly fall in love with it!! check out listener  supported, live at luther college, before these crowded streets, and under  the table and dreaming too - they are all great!!
0800116917|5.0|I have read several biographies of Lawrence. This film, of course, is the  best ever made (in my opinion). But instead of my going on and on about it  with rants and raves, I think that some points can be pointed out that will  enhance your viewing and even help you to wear a different pair of glasses  (a more accurate pair) as you watch this film. Lawrence loved castles.  Before World War I, he would bicycle all around Europe examining castles.  Making maps and writing details about them. Then an opportunity arose.  Oxford offered him a chance to be a real archeologist! To go to Arabia and  dig up Sumerian pottery.  He did so and loved it. Because of his  experience, &quot;Ned&quot; (what his friends called him) was therefore  sent to Egypt to be, of all things, a spy! I'm sorry to say, he was not  like James Bond. This was hard &quot;detail&quot; work. Decoding. This is  what he is doing in the beginning of the movie. And you can tell from his  history, he didn't like it! He wanted to be active like his brothers (2 out  of 4, I believe, died on the front). The movie is an entirely accurate  portrayal of Lawrence. Even the blood. War is a little different than a  John Wayne movie. The torturing that he received at the hands of the Turks  would stay with him  until the end of his days. There were no abberations  in regards to his being &quot;a violent man&quot;. When people start  killing, it has a &quot;herd&quot; effect. Everybody goes crazy. He does  seem to have done the entire Arab Revolt alone. There is one slight  &quot;flaw&quot; in the movie. Not really a flaw. But it is easily viewed  as such.  Lawrence liked Allenby and Fiesal. If you can view this movie  again, try to look through their eyes. Fiesal knew that Lawrence could go  English at anytime. Allenby knew that Lawrence could go Arabic anytime. He  was a threat. But he met the challenge. He worked as an aide for Winston  Churchill after the war. Then he joined the ranks as an ordinary soldier.  He was offered the Victory Cross. He turned it down and gave it to the Arab  Republic. He was offered a knighthood. He turned it down,  and once again,  dedicated it to the Arab Republic. He was not gay. He was celibate from the  day he was born until the day that he died. Except for many incidents  afterwards. After Arabia when he joined the armed services for the rest of  his life. He always made friends through kindness. He would have friends in  the service beat him until he had an orgasm. Oddly enough, this was  almost  an exact enactment of what happened in Arabia when he was tortured. They  would whip him hard on the back under the directions of an &quot;alledged  uncle&quot; who would send him letters. The soldiers loved Ned. Not in a  &quot;carnal fashion&quot;. But because of his kindness and generosity. So  they would follow the orders at Ned's requests. To be punished. They, of  course, were written by Lawrence himself. Lawrence was very short! About  five feet and he had a &quot;high-pitched&quot; giggle. O'Toole and  director Lean do an uncanny job with his characterization. In one of the  early scenes of the movie, I could swear that they had gotten rid of  O'Toole and put Lawrence in as a stand-in. The resemblence is remarkable!  O'Toole even handles the high-pitched giggle well. Listen carefully  throughout the movie. O'Toole will have a &quot;high-pitched&quot; giggle  (actually a middle &quot;range statacco laugh&quot;) to measure Lawrence  properly. For all purposes, the movie is flawless. No. He was not  illegimate. That part is very complicated. But you can be sure that from  the beginning of the film to the entire end, the portrayal of Lawrence as a  man during this period is 100% accurate. View it again. And if I helped  increase the movie's enjoyment for you, this review was well worth writing.  Thank you.s offered the Victory Cross. He turned it down and gave it to the Arab  Republic. He was offered a knighthood. He turned it down,  and once again,  dedicated it to the Arab Republic. He was not gay. He was celibate from the  day he was born until the day that he died. Except for many incidents  afterwards. After Arabia when he joined the armed services for the rest of  his life. He always made friends through kindness. He would have friends in  the service beat him until he had an orgasm. Oddly enough, this was  almost  an exact enactment of what happened in Arabia when he was tortured. They  would whip him hard on the back under the directions of an &quot;alledged  uncle&quot; who would send him letters. The soldiers loved Ned. Not in a  &quot;carnal fashion&quot;. But because of his kindness and generosity. So  they would follow the orders at Ned's requests. To be punished. They, of  course, were written by Lawrence himself. Lawrence was very short! About  five feet and he had a &quot;high-pitched&quot; giggle. O'Toole and  director Lean do an uncanny job with his characterization. In one of the  early scenes of the movie, I could swear that they had gotten rid of  O'Toole and put Lawrence in as a stand-in. The resemblence is remarkable!  O'Toole even handles the high-pitched giggle well. Listen carefully  throughout the movie. O'Toole will have a &quot;high-pitched&quot; giggle  (actually a middle &quot;range statacco laugh&quot;) to measure Lawrence  properly. For all purposes, the movie is flawless. No. He was not  illegimate. That part is very complicated. But you can be sure that from  the beginning of the film to the entire end, the portrayal of Lawrence as a  man during this period is 100% accurate. View it again. And if I helped  increase the movie's enjoyment for you, this review was well worth writing.  Thank you.
B00000K19E|1.0|There's very little I can say about the movie that I liked, but I'll try.  You know that great black leather outfit she wears at the beginning of the  movie?  I'd kill to look like that. Okay - now the rest...   I didn't like  this movie.  While the special effects are good, where was the story?  Give  me &quot;The Green Mile&quot; any and every day.<br />Okay - I hated it.
B00000253N|5.0|this cd was totally unbeleivable. my dad had gotten in a while ago, and i  visited him one month, and enjoyed it so much i swiped it from him..i love  it
B00000637V|3.0|I like this album.  It is a fine work by a talented poet.  Lou Reed  explores the demise of a relationship.  It procedes from falling in love at  a bar, through the excesses of sex and drugs, alienation and finally,  suicide.  If songs about these subjects is not your cup of tea, this album  is not for you.  Although the subjects are sad, I enjoy hearing Lou Reed  successfully evoke these emotions.  The problems with the album appear when  he surrounds himself with a cadre of, otherwise, fine musicians.  The songs  which feature Lou Reed with only a guitar are the ones I feel are  strongest.  If you are interested in poetry which explores topics of  intense emotion or you would like to hear what Lou Reed does when he is not  after a hit record, this CD will be interesting to you.
B000002H6C|5.0|This album helps to mark the peak of Metallica's music. They arrived at  the musical climax in the mid to late 80s with the albums ride the  lighting, master of puppets, and this one, and justice for all. From start  to finish, this album keeps you interested and wanting more. It starts with  the great aggressive track, blackened and ends with the more prsonal track  dyer's eve. The guitar work on this album are just brillian, take a look at  and justice for all and shortest straw. In terms of lyrics, these are  probably the best metallica has ever done. A must have for any metallica  fan.
B000002ITW|5.0|When I listen to this CD, I am surprised at how optimistic it sounds.   There appears to be a genuine belief in the power to change the world.   With the possible exception of Neil Young, who is a grounding influence.   This album captures the &quot;Summer of Love&quot; spirit.  It was a time  when songs like CHICAGO and OHIO were sung as if singing them would make  the world better. It's a time machine which records the unchallenged hopes  of youth.  The performance is solid.  Graham Nash has an interesting song  in KING MIDAS IN REVERSE, and David Crosby sings so well on TRIAD.  The  mistakes which so many are found of pointing out offer no distraction, and  are up to any performance of any other band from that era.  Steven Stills  is always good and is exceptionally so on CARRY ON.  Neil Young sings his  songs with hearfelt emotion.  SOUTHERN MAN is powerful with its condemning  lyrics and fiery guitars.  It is a bittersweet turn of history that the  most jaded of the four is also the one to become most successful.  I  enjoyed getting a glimpse of those times through this CD.  It is an amazing  document.  If you are interested in political songs of the sixties, or Folk  Blues Music, this CD will be interesting to you.
B00003CX6P|4.0|Anthony Minghella's adaption of Patricia Highsmith's The Talented Mr Ripley satisfies on many levels. Highsmith's book provides a greater understanding of Tom Ripley's motives and passions but the film does also convey these through tight editing and studied scenes. The most obvious plus with Minghella's film is the cinematography. It would be hard to make the Amalfi Coast, Rome and Venice to look anything less than stunning. In the Talented Mr Ripley they look like sensual, sexy travel brochures.<br />Matt Damon carries the role of Tom Ripley with aplomb. He exudes concealed malice whilst carrying the burden of his hidden homosexuality and working class roots. Highsmith's novel was a critique of the false class system built on wealth and looks. The movie conveys this message admirably.<br />The supporting cast are also flawless. Jude Law is stunning as the spoilt and wilful Dickie, Gwynneth Paltrow proves she can act and takes the role of Margie through a variety of emotions from vulnerable socialite to revengeful lover. Australia's Cate Blanchett shines in a supporting role (not included in the novel). The film follows a fatalistic path and does not moralize. We do not hate Tom even though he lies, deceives and murders. He is the anti-hero and a victim of society's dictate that wealth and beauty are the ultimate prizes. <br />This film satisfies on many levels. The sets are sumptious, be they smokey jazz clubs in Rome or Neapolitan beaches, the direction maintains pace and intrigue and the performances are spot on.
0790729628|1.0|I don't know what the heck amazon is talking about but my Blade Runner  DVD(ordered from amazon) looks horrible. I can't believe they gave it a 5  for video quality. One is more like it! Don't buy this DVD. Such a good  movie, such a bad DVD.
B00004TWZG|5.0|The US version was an excellent movie, but it just seemed to be missing  something.  The international version makes it complete and one of the  greatest movies ever.  It turns an action film into a beautiful love story,  that never seems to have a chance. It definatly  borders on child  exploitation, but the good heart of Leon makes it innocent.  This movie is  reason enough to buy a DVD player, and if I could own only one dvd, it  would be this.
B000001EG6|4.0|Elton John's second album (released in 1970) finally established him in  the pantheon of up-and-comers to watch. With Gus Dudgeon's gorgeous  production and Paul Buckmaster's string arrangements, EJ now had a team  worthy of his music. &quot;Your Song&quot; remains the haunting love song  of the ages. &quot;Border Song&quot; is a lush string-and-piano paean to  tolerance. &quot;Sixty Years On&quot; is a stirring narrative with  frightening, sometimes unfathomable lyrics by Bernie Taupin. &quot;First  Episode on Hienton&quot; is the only track that harkens back to EJ's first  album, &quot;Empty Sky.&quot; It is noteworthy for the eerie mellotron  playing, and contains some of Bernie's most ambitious lyrics up to that  time. Elton pulls some new tricks out of his hat with &quot;No Shoe Strings  on Louise&quot;, surprising listeners with an attempt at honky-tonk that  only partially gels. &quot;The King Must Die&quot; is a comment on a  monarch who is slowly but surely losing control of his reign, and  frantically looks for a way to save his skin from those who are about to  overthrow him. &quot;Take Me to the Pilot&quot; and &quot;The Cage&quot;  are decent songs left very much to interpretation; however, they sound  rather dated, particularly the latter track. Still, it is a very enjoyable  listen; the re-released CD sounds much better than the original MCA  releases, which were sonically inferior by a heck of a lot. Finally, the  music sounds the way it was supposed to: The sonics are full and  Buckmaster's strings never sounded better. Full liner notes and lyrics from  the original LP are available in this package, making this a must-have for  any Elton fan.
B00002ZMNV|5.0|...then you would love this. I won't write anymore because the beginning  part of my review sez it all!
B00000D9TK|5.0|For 9 years, I have been a HUGE Cline Dion fan. And in my opinion, this  is the best she's done yet. It's amazing what happens when two brilliant  musicians, such as JJ Goldman and Cline come together and make music. I  give this two thumbs up, it's a must have!
0671042858|5.0|I think this is another big hit.  A Stephen King book doesn't have to have  vampires or ghosts to be a good read.  I believe he has already proven  that.  The Girl Who Loved Tom Gordon was a page turner.  I couldn't put it  down.  The suspense of what was going to happen to 9-year-old Trisha  McFarland held my attention and I couldn't stop reading.  I had my doubts  about Trisha making it out of the woods alive.  She hung on to hope and  determination, and of course Tom Gordon, to bring her through this voyage  of obstacles that this nine-year-old girl has to tackle.  Thank you again  Stephen King.
0201485672|5.0|<br />Refactoring is a book which details simple techniques of fixing your  code to facilitate making changes. <br /><br />The book's main feature is a large  catalog of at least 50 refactoring patterns (presented in a similar way to  Design Patterns) with a name, example, and motivation for using it. The  patterns are described using UML. There are several other chapters of  interest, including one on &quot;Bad Smells&quot; which lists many telltale  signs of poor programming and how to fix them.<br /><br />Maybe I'm just showing  my lack of sophistication, but Design Patterns went over my head. I only  &quot;got&quot; a few of the patterns. But this book is much more  accessible to an intermediate programmer who wants to improve his coding  style. If you've ever wondered how to write more maintainable code this is  your book. One good thing about this book is it's directly applicable to  almost every standard procedural or OO language, whereas Design Patterns  are pretty much for OO programming only. Even if you are writing VBScript  or Javascript for your web page you could use many of the techniques  illustrated here.<br /><br />Highly recommended. Buy this one.
0375703764|5.0|After reading this novel in four days back in April 2000, I still can't  stop thinking about it.  The intense images of the darkness and immensity  of the house that it brought to my mind and the creepy atmosphere of this  book still finds its way into my dreams.  With its intriguing,  unconventional layout and convoluted storylines, I found it hard to put the  book down.  I have the feeling, though, that its weirdness would put a lot  people off, so I wouldn't recommend this book to everyone.
0441172717|5.0|This is one of, if not the best sci-fi books I've ever read.  The first  time I read it (years ago) it sucked me into it's rich universe so  completely, that I read it cover to cover in ONE day!  I had other things  to do, I just couldn't put it down.  This is not a short book!<br />The  worlds, politics, emotions, characters, and violence will live in your mind  for some time to come after reading this extraordinary story.<br />Some of  it's most tantalizing points: Great houses feuding, viciously skilled  armies, hidden ruthless allies - as well as secluded and powerful deadly  ememies, huge violent sandworms, magical/spirtual powers, children fighters  as fierce as wild dogs, deep - meaningful - and sometimes painful  relationships, disparate cultures at odds, and a knife that cannot be  re-sheathed until it has drawn it's victim's blood!<br />I'm not even a fan of  the fantasy style of fiction, but this one pulled me in whole!  It is not  however, a short story.  Be prepared to be immersed in detail, and to wish  that you were a part of the vast fantasy that is Dune.<br />  If you liked the  movie, this book will show you the other 75% of it's story, and universe  you never saw.  If you've never seen the movie; don't bother.  Read the  book instead!  Highly recommended.  Just make sure you have some spare time  to read.  You probably won't want to take long breaks from Dune.  :)   Enjoy!
B00004TFK3|2.0|I am a huge DVD fan, Scream 3, ID4, T2 and Fight Club have released  outstanding DVD packages.  This DVD however is a dud I am sad to say.  The  so called &quot;extras&quot; are hardly a token of fan appreciation for  this film and I am wondering if studios actually think the buying public is  nothing but a bunch of idiots.  Studios constantly underestimate what the  buying public wants which is why so many movies never make it to their full  potential.  Look at the Blair Witch Project or The Sixth Sense or any other  movie every studio expected to see crumble.  People know what they like and  it appalls me to see that studios are becoming more and more chintsy  involving &quot;extras&quot; with their DVD's.  Anyway, on with the DVD  commentary, the picture quality is definately superior to the VHS version,  however the widescreen version makes the picture quality during darker  scenes much too dark and it's hard to lighten the picture with your  TV-stick with the standard format on this one.  The sound quality is  outstanding which is why I gave this DVD a 2 star instead of a 1 star-along  with the fact Tommy Lee Jones is my favorite actor of all time.  As far as  extras, besides the stills, documentaries and music video, this DVD doesn't  really compare to the deluxe packages like the movies I just listed above.  Part of what DVD is all about is getting more than just a movie, you're  getting the full interpretation of what the director originally wanted for  the film.  It's obvious the studio had complete control over this one and  Barry Sonnenfield should have included his &quot;deleted scenes&quot; since  that's what people are buying DVD's for anyway.  Every movie has deleted  scenes-why not include them???!!!  James Cameron is a master at this and  it's given his movies literally a second life for that very reason.  Move  on from this piece of trash and wait for the Star Wars Trilogy!
B000023VR6|5.0|I think this Cd kicks @ss and any body who thinks it doesnt can kiss my  @ss. I think Em has skill and dre and Em make the best team. Keep on busten  rhymes.
B00000634J|3.0|Although Lennon is and will always be the trademark of rock n' roll, this  Album is nothing new to Lennon fans. Several years ago, The John Lennon  Collection presented the same songs (in a different order), although some  songs here were not included, but this is no excuse for fans to not buy  this one. Good for new Lennon-listeners, another one for the collection for  old fans.
B0000028RR|5.0|This album came out in 1992. I wasn't a fan then, but you can bet I am  now. I listen to this album over and over again. Its fresh everytime I hear  it. It is a great album to drive to.  I agree with they lyrics. But mostly,  I enjoy the originalness of Rage Against The Machine. If you are tired of  the same old crap. Get this CD, you will never stop listening to it! (Track  Seven - Wake Up - This song plays on the credits to the motion picture The  Matrix.)
B000002UAO|5.0|There are a certain group of music fans in this world who believe that  musical groups should not be allowed to evolve and experiment with new  materials; the same old thing should be repeated over and over again.   That's the problem we have with music today: you're either a clone of the  Backstreet Boys, Limp Bizkit, or Matchbox 20; there is no  &quot;alternative&quot; anymore, and people seem to like it that way. So,  therefore, it makes sense that the Beatles could not exist in the world of  today.  The world of mid-sixties was quite a radical time, and the Beatles,  with their previous pop successes, seem willing to take up the mantle of  trying something new.   Hence, we have &quot;Rubber Soul&quot;, the very  first &quot;alternative&quot; album ever; heck, it was the first important  album ever.  Before it, success was judged on singles and individual songs,  and their positions on the charts (unfortunately also the case today).   Then the John, Paul, George, and Ringo came out with this:  an actual album  that was to be taken as a whole, not as parts.  And when you think about,  is there a &quot;She Loves You&quot; or an &quot;I Wanna Hold Your  Hand&quot; on this album?  Doubtful.  Keeping the philosophy of  &quot;whole&quot; in mind, the four young lads now had the freedom to  experiment with such instruments as the sitar (name a pop artist that uses  a sitar!) and experiment with many different genres of music. In the  process of making this album, they revolutionized music altogether.  I  recall reading Brian Wilson's comment on &quot;Rubber Soul.&quot;  It was  true.  With &quot;Rubber Soul,&quot; the Beatles had unknowingly upped the  ante, and turned rock and roll into a hotbed of creativity. It should also  be noted that the Beatles were not content with revolutionizing music as we  knew it.  Throughout the next five years after &quot;Rubber Soul,&quot;  they put out &quot;Revolver&quot;, &quot;Sgt. Pepper&quot;, &quot;Magical  Mystery Tour&quot;, the White Album, &quot;Let it Be&quot;, and &quot;Abbey  Road.&quot;  Each of these albums (with perhaps the exception of &quot;Let  it Be&quot;) raised the bar even further; each album was more risky and  more &quot;alternative&quot; than the next.  And while &quot;Rubber  Soul&quot; may not be the Beatles's best album, it may very well be the  most important album in rock history, as it was indeed the very first of  its kind, and curved the course of music forever. All other bands have been  trying to catch up ever since.
0812550706|5.0|Full of friendship, hate, suspense and suprise enders game turns  unenthusiastic readers into a lovers of literature. A unique story of a  child twisted and manipulated into war general to face intergalactic  enemies. I recomend it to all ages above 12 do to vulgar and profane  attributes of the book.
B00003CXDG|2.0|This film did not live up to it's billing.  I went to the theatre wanting to see &quot;Mission Impossible,&quot; but was forced to settle for little  more than Jackie Chan.  <br />The story line and plot were descent, the  execution of it was farless than!  If you are in the mood for quasi-martial  arts, this is your flick.  If are interested in high-tech gadgets and  gizmos that are synonomous with &quot;Mission Impossible,&quot;  better  look elsewhere.<br />In fact the only thing impossible about the movie in  general was the fight scene at the end.  Could it have possible been  longer, more unreal, or more unlike what &quot;Mission Impossible II&quot;  should have been?
0790736314|5.0|GREAT movie. the exorcist is the scariest movie ever. The first time I saw it I was so sacred I was afraid to go to sleep so I just stayed up and watched funny cartoons. I haven't seen this movie for about five years. I  am thirteen and I am still afraid to watch it. I think the movie has pretty  good effects like when Reagan(Linda Blair)turns her head all the way around  and starts talking. The movie has alot of swearing and kind of nasty scenes  which I think are really cool. ...
6305308659|1.0|This movie shows exactly just how this country got so messed up to begin  with. The plot (if you can call it that) is two kids who get sent to the  perfect world, and in a matter of days manage to totaly destroy everything  good about it. This movie was cleary nothing but Liberal Hollywood lies.  This movie seems to be aimed at younger children yet it permotes sex before  marriage and other imperfections making them look harmless. After seeing  this movie I am lead to believe that there is no hope for Hollywood, their  lack of realism manages to retard them yet again. Parents please this is  not the trash we should stride for as humans, help your kids by keeping  them away from films like this.
B00000JZC4|4.0|Richard Patrick is finally discovered a new sound and it has took the side  he separated from (Nine Inch Nails) the songs are just as good as  &quot;Short Bus.&quot; These people cannot be considered 1-hit wonders  anymore, considering there've been 3 singles released. &quot;Welcome To the  Fold&quot; was tied my favorite with &quot;The Best Things,&quot; the most  recent song, and the biggest song in their career since they haven't been  too hardcore but yet still industrial. This one sounds like a real great  album, the song &quot;It's Gonna Kill Me&quot; being one of the best  industrial songs ever not released to any radio station If you like Nine  Inch Nails, any other industrial bands(e.g.- Gravity Kills, Stabbing  Westward(the old filter sound) and so on),pop, alternative or rock you will  probabally like this album.
1878424319|5.0|Wow Four Agreement was an amazing bang up-side the head for me. I found  that reading it actually recognised what I already knew- we don't have to  play by the rules, especially when we didn't define the boundaries of those  rules. This book has bought about incredible change for me and how I relate  to others. An amazing, amazing book. . .
B00004SCX6|5.0|I luv this cd. My fave songs from it are What u see(is what u get), Lucky,  and Oops I did it again. Britney sounds soo much older in this cd. if u  like britney u need 2 get this cd! I luv britney. if u hate this cd then  thats ur prob. but ur in the minority. can't wait 4 the next album brit.
B00003CWNR|4.0|How did I miss THE CIDER HOUSE RULES when it was playing in the movie  theaters?  It is a wonderful film.  After watching it this weekend, I am  now a fan.<br />Michael Cain's performance is remarkable.  Toby McGuire is  very good too.  He achieves success in playing the role of Homer.  McGuire  is believable when playing scenes that require innocence (i.e. the only  movie he's ever seen is KING KONG; he's never been out of the state of  Maine).<br />I've read Irving's book, but to be honest, don't have a  recollection of it.  Therefore, I watched the film version with open eyes  and cannot compare it to the novel.  However, Irving's writing job on the  screenplay is excellent.  And it was wonderful to see him win the Academy  Award for his efforts.<br />The DVD is done quite well.  There is a  documentary on the making of the film.  It's a little long on scenes from  the film -- definitely watch it *after* you watch the movie to avoid  spoilers.  The cut scenes section is interesting.  Usually, once you view  the scenes that were cut by the director you agree that they were boring  and added nothing to the movie.  These scenes were curiously lost: for  instance, a scene where the apple-pickers are introduced at dinner; and a  scene where the pickers end up on the roof of the cider house -- a specific  cider house rule, not to be broken!<br />I really enjoyed and was moved by  this film.
B000001ZS4|5.0|I think That Equinoxe is  the  Jean Michel Jarre-Masterpiece of all  time.<br />I think Equinoxe is for Everybody... Just look at the Cover !  :-)<br />Kim
B00004SCX6|4.0|I have to admit when i heard the cd for the first time it wasnt that  great. But when you listen to it more it gets better and better. I really  like what you see is wat u get and lucky. The rest of the other songs are  preety good too except dear diary. I cant stand that song. Its so annoying.  Other then that its a preety good cd and i really recommend you to buy it.  People probably give this cd such bad reviews just cause there jealous of  her, cuz shes preety, a good singer, and a great dancer. If people say that  she cant sing, then how did she even get two cds released. THat has to show  talent for singing. I mean she already sold like twenty million copies.
B00004T9UF|5.0|The lyrical content on this CD is outstanding with presenting popular  ideas to the masses using satire and irony.  Musically, it is not exactly  my style, but I can't take the CD out of my car.  Although the language can  be crude at times (or always) the lyrical value outshines it.  Special  credit has to go to Stan, KIM, and Marshall Mathers for the amazing issues  tackled in an (offbeat and disturbing) mature way.  Almost as good as  Slim  Shady LP but far darker. This is one to have.
B00004TRD8|3.0|Imagine the surprise, when opening the box, to find a note stuck inside:  &quot;Due to the advanced features utilized in the creation of this DVD,  some players may experience minor navigational difficulties.  This should  not affect your enjoyment of the feature program in any way.&quot; I have a  SONY DVP-S530D, which is not an old model at all, yet was unable to view  all features advertised on the box.  The THX web site states that their  products &quot;...are fully compatible with all video and audio playback  systems.&quot;  I guess not.  I consider this to be a disappointing lack of  professionalism from Lucasfilm.
0425104052|4.0|Although I began reading this book because it was an assignment in school  reading, I actually found the book quite interesting. The mystery unravels  nicely as well the characters within the book. There wasn't a lot of  confusing new characters popping in and out of the story. Mostly everything  in the chapters was realivant to the mysterty itself as well. If you have  purchased this book then you will surely enjoy reading it. If you have not  bought this book and you are looking for a good mystery to read this is a  good pick to choose.
B00000J7JO|5.0|This is the best CD ever. That's just all there is to it. No questions  asked. Period. Thank you.
6300214559|5.0|I just saw &quot;Lady Jane&quot; on the Romance Channel the other  night,and it still had me crying long after it was over.It is beautifuly  acted,Cary Elwes and Helen Bonahm Carter do a great job in portraying the  charactors of Lady Jane and Guilford.<br />I am just getting into the history  of the monarchs in europe in the 16th century,and this movie seems to be  pretty historically accurate.&quot;Lady Jane&quot; takes the viewer to an  emotional high and then an emotional low in about the span of 3  seconds.That is the only movie I have ever seen that has accompliches that  task so very well.<br />All in all,&quot;Lady Jane&quot; is written and acted  in such a beautiful way,I do not see how anyone could not appreciate this  movie.
B00004U45G|5.0|Jimmy Page and the Crowes have resurrected the greatness of Led Zeppelin.  That's not to say they are as great as Zep in their prime, but it is saying  this recording does the memory of Led Zeppelin proud. Page, unlike many old  rockers, has not lost his touch. He doesn't play in the past. He brings his  great sound to the next generation without insulting the one that cut their  blues/metal teeth on Led Zepp I, and II and matured through Physical  Graffiti and Coda. This is not to short change the Crowes. Their anthems  need no apologies or defense, they are the worthy carriers of the torch and  all of the vitality and excitement it brings.
B00004W5UA|5.0|Fight Club is brilliant! An awesome display of both Camp and Violence wrapped in a script of potent dialogue and stealth Acting. No wonder it  went right thru the consumers empty heads. There's quite simply too much  food for thought here to be taken in on just one sitting at the dinner  table. I am proud to announce I am on viewing number 9 and upon each  sitting I consume  a new unseen morsel. In tyler we trust! Pass the gravey  and SLIIIDE!
B00004U45G|5.0|Jimmy Page and the Crowes have resurrected the greatness of Led Zeppelin.  That's not to say they are as great as Zep in their prime, but it is saying  this recording does the memory of Led Zeppelin proud. Page, unlike many old  rockers, has not lost his touch. He doesn't play in the past. He brings his  great sound to the next generation without insulting the one that cut their  blues/metal teeth on Led Zepp I, and II and matured through Physical  Graffiti and Coda. This is not to short change the Crowes. Their anthems  need no apologies or defense, they are the worthy carriers of the torch and  all of the vitality and excitement it brings.
6302516919|5.0|This Movie Was Great One of Carpenters  Best I Enjoyed This Movie very  Much     and the car was cool GET IT!
0767903854|5.0|Just completed this book - haven't read any of Mr. Brysons' prior  published works. With this book in hand I felt like I have traveled the  continent of Australia and loved every minute of it.  Not only is this a  humorous travel documentary but it is also a study of the often forgotten  or neglected history of this continent.  I found it to be refreshing in  every sense.  I couldn't put it down and honestly looked forward to reading  it to see what the next days adventures would be for Bill!  Having never  traveled to Australia I can certainly see why others would travel across  numerous time zones and the international dateline to boot to get there. -  Can't wait to read more of his masterpieces of travel delight!!
B000000WFF|5.0|In a form of music such as Pop, where most bands are manufactured and work  as puppets to the managers and what the record lebel wants them to do,  Spice Girls give a strong form of originality that is what makes them stand  out among the rest. They write their own music and do their own thing and  that works. The second album Spiceworld really shows off their talent. The  songs have a great diversity to them and that give them and very diverse  fan base and they never make the same song twice like other bands of their  nature. This album has a great mix of songs from the great opening track  Spice up you Life , to the 40's sound of Too Much and the Lady is a Vamp,  to the incredible Ballad,  Viva Forever. This is a great album, and I'm  sure the next one, Forever, will be just as good. I've already heard the  first single, Holler, holler and It's great. All fans of the first album  will love Spiceworld. This is one group that holds up through the years.
B00000099Y|5.0|Ahhhhh, Tool.  The first time I heard this album was on a walkman, and,  I'll be honest with you; It scared me.  Not in a &quot;oops, I pooped my  pants&quot; sorta way.  More a &quot;CHRIST ON A BIKE WHAT THE HELL IS  THIS!!!!!&quot; trip.  Stinkfist brutalised me, and I gigled when I  discovered that Maynard's voice could have existed at any point over the  last 5000 years.  It is ageless.  Powerful yet soothing, I cannot convery  the emotion, the succour in his thorax.  Ahem.  The rest of the album got  me too, making me cry and laugh simultaneously.  I really don't know what  to say other than BUY THIS NOW.  It is amazing, whatever genre of music you  claim your own.
0375703764|5.0|Please.  Help me.  I feel like I'm stuck in a basement, with only an  occasional flashlight flickering at my left eye, and when it does I can see  the walls, and they're alive, moving toward me, closer and closer whilst I  sleep, and I can hear clatter, pans, and Aenima by Tool playing on a stero,  and I can hear a dog, far away, crying, sounding in pain, and I don't wnat  to shut my eyes............ And that's how this book made me feel.   Absolutely incredible.  It's perfectly structured, layered, controlled,  laid out as it is to control the reader, and control the reader it damned  well does.  Get this.
B000002VCU|5.0|It is very rare nowadays to listen to an album that can tell a story or  keep a centralized theme without throwing filler garbage into the mix. Alan  Parsons avoids this fatal mistake. APP stays true to the gambling theme  with Turn Of A Friendly Card. The meaning behind the theme is not just  applied to the actual gambling done in casinos but to the chances,  mistakes, upfalls and downfalls humanity goes through during everyday  personal life !<br />The beauty of this album is how descriptive it is in both  lyrical and instrumental form;There is a mysterious harpsichord sound  utilized in one or two tracks. The background gambling sound effects  transport the listener to an actual gambling casino or desert oasis (Las  Vegas)with some shady gambling patrons. <br />In addition, there is a sense of  not just travelling to a geographical/mental destination but also through  time or various historical periods;From castles to casinos,lords to lounge  lizards ! This is surely a more accessible album from an understanding  point of view of its thematic contents; It will take you on an adventurous  journey of the mind.<br />I'm particularly fond of the instrumental The Gold  Bug;It has a subtle &quot;snap-your-fingers&quot; light jazz feel to it  with and undertone characteristic similar to Roxy Music...<br />This is a  highly commended and recommended APP staple album for anyone's collection !
B0000203YT|5.0|This movie smoked \\"Pvt. Ryan\\" for the best movie oscar. It had  to compete with another period piece \\"Elizabeth\\". But,those  movies had to compete with a cast multi-layered in talent. Not to mention  compete with \\"Willie Shakes\\" himself. I like the way the movie  brought in Christopher Marlowe, who was once (And I hope they have given up  on the idea that Shakespeare was anybody but the \\"William Shakespeare,  Bard of Avon\\")thought to have written many of the plays attributed to  the bard himself. The setting is great and young Mr. Fiennes fit right in  even after  I had seen his brilliant role in \\"Elizabeth\\". Judi  Dench was a cinch to win the oscar. She is marvelous as always. Great  movie, one I will hopefully see many times over.
B000023VR6|4.0|Dr. Dre's The Chronic(1992) not only put West Coast rap firmly on the map,  it became one of the biggest-selling hip-hop discs ever. Dre's deep funk  production and celebration of gang lifestyle established the former N.W.A  member as a major sonic architect-and made him very rich. <br />Reunited with  two of his protg rappers-nimble and sly Snoop Dogg and quick-witted  Eminem--with this album Dre has fashioned a worthy successor to Chronicas  musically intricate, lyrically salacious and full of rolling beats and  sing-along choruses as its predecessor. Although he has renounced much of  the violent overtone of his prior work, 2001 is set in the same world of  sex and drugs. Where Dre once dealt in pure exploitation and gleeful  misogyny, he has evolved. His ominous opus &quot;The Watcher&quot; is  gangsta rap tempered by the violent deaths of two of its avatars, Tupac  Shakur and Biggie Smalls.
B00003CXAR|4.0|Although filled with tons misinformation about the shark, this movie  scared the bejeezus out of me when I was a kid. It's still terrifying to me  today, but I still watch it over and over.
B000031XCR|2.0|It's a historic moment: Ol' Blue Eyes and Young Iron Pipes, two hugely  popular vocalists, together for the very first time. Guess who triumphs?  Okay, so the song &quot;All the Way,&quot; Dion's pairing with the late  great Frank Sinatra, is only a virtual duet, cooked to perfection in a  studio. Still, Sinatra's sophisticated talent only serves to highlight how  blunt and overpowering the French-Canadian chanteuse's alto sometimes  sounds. An unsatisfying hodgepodge, this disc features nine hits (including  her greatest, &quot;My Heart Will Go On&quot;) plus seven less memorable  new tracks that will leave even Dion diehards wanting more than this album  offers.
B00000J2L8|5.0|The title character of this movie (played by Peter Sellers) is at least  loosely based on the brilliant mathematician John von Neumann of Princeton  university.  von Neumann was one of the pioneers of early computers (among  other things).  He was also decidedly anti-Soviet Union &amp; many times  advocated the US delivering a first strike against her (at that time, it  was believed that the US could win a nuclear exchange with  &quot;acceptable&quot; losses).<br />Sellers also plays 2 other parts in the  movie.  One is a British exchange officer who is serving at a US Air Force  Base.  His other part is as the president of the United States.  (It should  be noted that these are about the lone 2 characters who actually show any  sense in this whole movie).  The credits also feature George C. Scott as  a  hell-for-leather general and a very young James Earl Jones as a  bombadeer.<br />&quot;Dr. Strangelove&quot; is a wonderful, delightful, fun  movie that deals with one of the most horrifying events imaginable;  a mad  Air Force general independently ordering his bombers to strike Russia.  Meanwhile, the politicians and senior military staff muddles around,  worrying about such thing as the calibre of bomb shelters that the US has  vs. the Soviet Union (not realizing the whole time that it makes no  difference who has better bomb shelters - everyone will die, anyway).  A  great film of the end-of-the-world variety!
B00003CXFV|5.0|I loved this movie so much, when my mother-in-law came over I watched it a  second time, although I'd just watched it the night before! I recognized  Albert Finney right away as good ol' Daddy Warbucks. It was great seeing  him again. <br />I think it is wonderful that they made a story about Erin  Brokovich's courage to help all those people. Sharing those stories with  others might motivate them to do what they can to help out when they see  something that isn't right.<br />Julia did an excellent job and the writers  did an excellent job making this movie both dramatic and comedic. <br />I  highly recommend this movie to everyone! It is just too good to not see.
0671034065|4.0|I have never read Linda Howard. I was glad that I decided to try this  book. It was very fast paced and fun. I liked Jaine's personality. The  murderer was somewhat predictable however. There were not a lot of choices  to pick from.
B00003CXDG|1.0|Oh dear. There are so many things wrong with this film, I'm having trouble beginning. <br />Best to examine the origins of the plot, I suppose. Here we  have an obvious remake of Alfred Hitchcock's &quot;Notorious&quot;.  However, while the great Al was a master of suspense, John Woo, for all his  charms as a director, surpasses suspenseful dialogue and slow panning  camera shots and arrives at pure boredom. This movie drags so badly you'd  think it was carry two tons of bricks up a steep hill.<br />Then the supposed  love story. I think it was intended to be between the Tom Cruise and  Thandie Newton characters. Hmmm. Really, I suspect the true love story was  between Tom Cruise and Tom Cruise. What, as producer did he get to say Hey  guys, for this film I'm going to sport a terrible haircut and have 81  million close-ups of me looking &quot;intense&quot;? Puh-lease. The worst  of it had to be in the beginning, when he depicted Ethan Hunt performing a  self-crucifixion while rock climbing. Okay, he's supposed to be saintly, we  get it already! <br />And the action sequences. The movie definitely had it's  share of cool shots, but they seemed so overdone. John Woo's brilliance in  this genre is so strong it doesn't need such a high degree of digital  touch-ups. Finally, why bother to pay such brilliant actors as Anthony  Hopkins and Ving Rhames if you're only going to hide them behind lame  dialogue and uninteresting scenes?<br />I suppose there is merit in this film  for it's advertising scheme. Here's a franchise that is bound to attract a  loyal following despite the poor quality of the product. Just don't let the  slickness of the posters or the catchiness of the Limp Bizkit song fool  you, this isn't a good film.
0792838785|5.0|I am an avid Bond movie buff. I have seen them all. I use to not like the  songs as much but I do now. The song Tomorrow Never Dies by Sheryl Crow  starts this movie out great. I would have to say that I would enjoy seeing  Pierce Brosnan do 4 more Bond movies as Connery and Moore did.
B00004SCX6|5.0|In the early 1980's a young, sexy woman unleashed a string of hot videos  and singles upon the world.  She wasn't quite &quot;like a virgin,&quot;  but she sure turned into a lot of fans' &quot;lucky star.&quot;  Of course,  I am referring to pop diva superstar Madonna.  We all remember those early  bubble gum pop tunes that made her a star...And now we admire her for her  deep and artistically perfect albums like &quot;Ray of Light.&quot;<br />I see  a little of Madonna in Britney Spears.  The music is standard catchy pop  right now and maybe the videos ARE the best part of her career so far.   Still, I think that a great artist lurks under it all.  I can tell that  Britney has a lot of talent.  She performs many lovable songs on this  album.  I personally love &quot;Lucky,&quot; &quot;Oops I did it  Again,&quot; &quot;Stronger,&quot; and &quot;Can't Make You Love Me.&quot;   I think that Britney has the potential to hang around and make a lot of  headlines.<br />For all of you out there who hate Britney, just shut up and  enjoy the ride.  She's going to be here a long time to come.  Her second  album was much better than the first and she has the potential to get  better and better over time.  In a few years she might be giving the  Material Girl a run for her money. Good luck, Brit!
B00004STPT|5.0|I'm a bit of a connoisseur when it comes to movie soundtracks and scores,  and this is one that I can listen to over and over and never get tired of  hearing. It's also one of the few soundtracks that I have immediately gone  out and bought, literally as soon as I left the movie theater.<br />This  album by Hans Zimmer and Lisa Gerrard (Gerrard is known for her work with  Dead Can Dance) covers the intense highs and lows of the Ridley Scott film.  It works in haunting, disturbing musical elements as well as ethnically  toned selections (&quot;To Zucchabar&quot;), also including powerful,  anthemlike pieces, full of lordly horns and menacing strings, such as  &quot;The Battle.&quot;<br />Gerrard's ethereal vocals weave throughout the  album in elegant counterpoint to the stirring instrumentals. The result is  a score you won't soon forget, and will touch parts of you that you did not  know existed.
B00003CXDG|4.0|This film is great. It gave brillant special effects and without John Woo's new taste of film making we would never have experienced this. The  only downside to this film was the music, it was in all the wrong places  and thats where I believe it lost a star.<br />If you have not seen it, SEE IT  <br />Enjoy!
6305922748|5.0|Brilliant, absolutely brilliant. A movie like this comes around only once in a while, don't miss it. With its witty humour and memorable quotes and  scenes, you'll definitely want to watch the movie again, the next day!
B00002DEIX|5.0|Jazz fans hear this, Joshua Redman is in full swing. John Coltrane once  started a movement, and who better than Redman to continue Coltrane's  vision. I have recently began to collect many jazz cd's, and Redman plays  no less impresive material than Coltrane did with &quot;The Classic  Quartet&quot;. Redman is a magnificent musician, and this is by far his  most mature effort. Album highlights include, &quot;Courage&quot;,  &quot;Twilight ......and Beyond&quot;, and &quot;Belonging&quot;. In short,  if you are a Coltrane fan, you owe it to yourself to hustle down to the  store and pick this album up.
0316777722|5.0|I commute 2.5 hours on a regular basis, and buy books on tape to keep  myself awake and amused.  David Sedaris' book was one of the best I've ever  listened to.  The book is recorded by Sedaris, and his voice is perfect for  the readings.  (As it should be, but authors are not always the best  readers).  As other reviewers have noted, this book is hilarious, as well  as occasionally touching and sad.  (Really).  If you have a reason to  listen to audio tapes, get this one. And if you don't, make a reason.
0783243499|4.0|I think the biggest thing about American Psycho that a lot of people  missed was that it was a SATIRE. A lot of people see the title and expect  to see a slasher Friday-night-at-the-movies flick and wind up disappointed  instead of open minded. The violence was only a backdrop or run away  exadgeration of what a life like this could lead up to. In fact, I'm sure a  lot of people have fantasies such as these (when under pressure), but are  too rational to act on them.  The conclusion may leave some, including  myself puzzled, but then again this IS suppose to be a movie that makes you  think.  For similar movies, check out In the Company of Men, WallStreet,  and more yuppie shows on NBC.
B000002GEY|4.0|this album has some of the best supertramp songs. you will not be  dissapointed.
B00004TLMC|2.0|&quot;Eyes Wide Shut&quot; makes no sense whatsoever. The only reason I  gave it two stars is because it somehow managed to make more sense than  &quot;Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas&quot;<br />From beginning to end this  film just meandered around. It seemed like the actors were just being  placed into scenes, rather than being compelled or driven by a story or  cause.<br />I don't know where else to go with this review. Not that I am  enthralled by either, but Tom and Kim were wasted on this story. Not  Kubrick's greatest. See &quot;2001&quot;, &quot;Full Metal Jacket&quot;, or  &quot;A Clockwork Orange&quot; if you want a good Kubric movie.<br />If  curiosity has the best of you, fight it, or do no more than rent it to see  the madness for yourself.
B00003CXCS|4.0|Like everyone else I love this movie.  The sound is great and the picture  is, for the most part, great(fading and running colors are to be expected  from a film that over 30 years old).  However I am very curous to know if  the yellowing that fades in and out throughout the film is a flaw with MY  DVD or is present on ALL the DVDs.  For those of you who have also noticed  this could you please click YES for found this review helpful.  For those  of you who do not see this yellowing effect please click NO.<br />Thanks for  your help.
B000031WD9|4.0|American Pie comes off as a very funny comedy about kids forcing upon  themselves a coming of age. It plays very well without going too far over  the realm of the realistic.<br />Considering the inexperience of most of the  cast (most were new to me), they all performed well in their roles. Shannon  Elizabeth will most definately have a future in front of the camera as she  played the droolworthy foreign exchange student.<br />Unfortunetly word of a  sequel is out there. Leave it alone. Unless they start over with a new  group, or pull a great story out of their butts, any sequel will be an  injustice to the first. If they start over with a new group, it's more or  less a remake of the original, and if they continue with the original cast,  why bother? They already succeeded in playing out the idea of the movie.  What would they do next that could be nearly as appealing?<br />American Pie  is a worthy movie to add to your collection. If this movie is up your  alley, try &quot;10 Things I Hate About You&quot;. I tend to like &quot;10  Things...&quot; a little better. It has that certain endearing something.
0783228317|5.0|This is the kind of film that you can't just watch once, there are so many  things that are hidden throughout.  This is the best translation from the  book I could have ever hoped for. Although I must admit, this film is not  for everyone.  Some people completely hate it, while others might not  understand it.  True Thompson fans will probably at least give it a look.   Also Terry Gilliam adds his own personal touch that makes this film  unforgetable! Bottom line, if you want to see Johnny Depp in a stellar  performance, and want to see the novel truly come to life, give Fear and  Loathing a try!
6304479689|5.0|Compare Elvis with just 2 years prior in Thats The Way It Is and you can  see what constant touring and the pressure's of being the no1. star has  taken. This film shows many aspects of the entertainment business, behind  the scenes, the live performance and best of all shows what Elvis did best,  performe live. It also gives a demostration of the pro side of Elvis, as in  arrive minutes before, go on stage, give them what they want to see and  leave the building immediatly, ber in mind this is 1972, its no surprise  people still buy his records and visit his home. I think you have to watch  this documentry a few times to appreciate it.
B00003TL49|5.0|'When The Pawn...' is the follow up to Fiona Apple's 3 million selling debut, Tidal. Harder edged, darker, and even more unique, When the Pawn was by far one of the best albums of 1999.<br />I always loved Fiona Apple's cover of the Beatles' Across The Universe, but was not sure if I wanted to buy the Pleasantville Soundtrack if I only liked that one song. But this album solved the problem since it includes 'Across the Universe' AND a live version of 'Never Is A Promise' (one of my favorite songs). This version is definitely worth paying those extra bucks for.
0812550706|5.0|Few books have captured my attention like ENDER'S GAME. Having somehow  avoided reading this book for 16 years, I picked it up recently at lunch  and finished it in one sitting.  It's that good. Although some parts of the  book seem a bit unnecessary and extraneous (i.e., the Demosthenes and Locke  portions), and the big &quot;surprise&quot; ending isn't that big of a  surprise (at least not to me), the book is extraordinarily well-written and  quick moving.  Anyone who is a big fan of &quot;boot-camp&quot; or other  &quot;hero-overcomes-horrible-childhood&quot; books like Starship Troopers,  Sten, or (a much, much weaker example) F.M. Busby's Bran and Rissa books  will most likely enjoy reading this.<br />In all honesty, I fairly dread the  sequels to this book, although I see little way that I can avoid reading  them. I strongly expect them to be more in line with TOR Books' other  offerings...generally shallow, pulp sci-fi.
B000002COD|5.0|a quien pueda interesar,soy coleccionista de musica latina y este es uno  de esos tanto cd que falta en mi coleccion. amazona esta escasa de ellos,  si por casualidad algien tiene uno extra se lo puedo compra, me an dicho es  muy bueno estoy desesperado pues hetratado de poner mis manos en este cono  cd, hace 2 anos y he llegado a la determinacion de pagar 1000.000 de liras  italinas, ha,ha,ha!!!.disculpen la broma. enserio podria intercambiar o  comprar por favor dejeme saber A.S.A.P GRACIAS POR LEER. HENRY { SALSA KING  } UK
B00004TRD8|5.0|For the Reviewer ToddyToddleston who claimed that there was only two  versions of the film Terminator 2:Judgement Day the ultimate edition you  are wrong. The third version of the film is located on the disk as a  special feature and can only be found by a special way. I suggust going to  DvdReview.com and looking under easter eggs and it will tell you how to see  the third version on the disc. Also for everyone else, I ordered the disc  and was amazed at how clear the picture and sound quality was on my dinky  little television set. Great!!! Also the supplements on the DVD were  Phenominal!. What about the original though this film in the need for the  same DVD treatment maybe a better DVD with a bit more extras and better  sound quality. Artizan Entertainment has done it this is the best DVD out  there right now and will probably be for a long time. Thank you for reading  my review.
B00003CXGG|3.0|Regarding the technical quality of this title on DVD, I found it to be  quite good.  However, I'll leave it to other reviewers to go into more  detail on this topic, as I'd like to briefly discuss the movie itself.          <br /> Romeo Must Die has its upside to be sure, but it also has a lot of  flaws.   <br /> The plot centers around two gang / crime families, one asian  and one african american, as they try to gain control of a key area of  waterfront land in San Fransisco.  The problem is, while these are supposed  to be ruthless thugs, many of the actors don't come across that way at all,  especially the heads of the two families - more than anything else this  ruined the movie since never once did I think that any of these guys were  really that evil even though that was clearly the intent.     <br />  Meanwhile, I found that the soundtrack selection/editing in this movie was  generally very annoying.  Most of the music did not fit well with the  accompanying scene, and was mixed in so loudly that it distracts from the  movie itself.  I found this to be particularly true during one or two of  the early fight scenes - maybe its just that rap music and martial arts  don't mix well together. <br /> I could have forgiven the above - after all  this was basically billed as an action movie and I'd be willing to overlook  other problems if the fight scenes were truly spectacular as promised.   Unfortunately, they come close but they're not.  The fight scenes are  generally ruined by annoying use of slow motion shots at key moments which  completely disrupt their fluidity.  This technique was used effectively in  the Matrix, but maybe it was done more seemlessly because while the fights  themselves are indeed spectacular in Romeo Must Die, the editing kills  their effectiveness. <br /> On the character front, I thought that the  strongest non-action scenes actually belonged to the character Maurice, who  is hired muscle for the african american family.  Unfortunately, his  character seems to be in the movie almost as much for comic relief as for  serious purposes.  Meanwhile, Alliyah and Jet Li have some decent, but not  great scenes together.
6300181553|5.0|For us, this movie is far superior to WHITE CHRISTMAS. It stars Fred Astaire and Bing Cosby as competive entertainers. Fred is the dancer (great  scenes in this) , BING is the singer. (Bum, bum, bum, bum - - Bing adopted  his &quot;style&quot; because he sometimes forgot the words. but, he  maintained the music of the melody with his bum, bum, bum, bum s'-- a  little trivia)   Anyway, Bing grows tired of the cut-throat entertainment  biz after his fiance' decides to marry someone else. He moves  out of the  city and up to a wintry zone, taking over an old motel. Since he is set to  become a lazy owner, he vows only to open the motel for HOLIDAYS, hence  HOLIDAY INN. <br />Every holiday is represented, including CHRISTMAS with  age-old hit, WHITE CHRISTMAS. Performances with Marjorie Reynolds ( who  plays Linda Mason, an upstart want-to-be ) and Virginia Dale ( Lila Dixon,  Bing's here today, gone for stardom ex-fiance') are excellent. If you are  looking for this movie for Christmas, get it now. Last year, it sold out  early, pretty much like every year.
B000002KGT|5.0|Do you like music with a good beat, terrific vocals, and superb guitar,  bass and keyboards? If you do, this album is for you! From the gentle  sounds of &quot;Dreams&quot; to the rocking and rolling of &quot;Go Your  Own Way&quot;, Fleetwood Mac keeps you coming back for more. This album  ,which by the way went to #1 on the Billboard Chart as well as churned out  the hits &quot;Don't Stop&quot;, &quot;Go Your Own Way&quot;,  &quot;Dreams&quot;, and &quot;You Make Loving Fun&quot;, is one of the  definitive albums of the 70's. Ask anyone who grew up during that era and  who kept up with the hottest music of the time and they will tell you  Fleetwood Mac was one of the most popular bands around, and with good  reason. I love to listen to the whole album, not just parts of it. It's not  metal by any means, just great easy listening to medium Pop Rock. Everyone  who performed on this album deserve a round of applause. Lindsey Buckingham  is a superb guitar player and if you get a chance, you can here more of his  great guitar licks on the CD &quot;The Dance&quot;. It's KILLER!!! But let  us not leave out the outstanding vocals of Stevie Nicks who can charm a  snake with her pleasing voice,or the magnificent bass playing of John  McVie, the electrifying keyboard performances of Christine McVie, and the  excellent drumming of Mr. Mick Fleetwood. Folks, if you want some of the  best music of the 70's , in fact for all time, &quot;Rumours&quot; is one  you need to get
0792839129|5.0|Way back when Chitty Chitty Bang Bang hit the theatres, I was too young to  go see it and had to wait. It resurfaced and presented all its glory:  wacked-out gizmos, a single parent struggling to raise two kids and his  dreams, and a cast of eclectic characters. Though this version is not the  letter - box, widescreen, it hasn't lost its musical and visual appeal that  has kept CHITTY CHITTY as a classic. Dick Van Dick is wonderful, rubbery,  funny, swift. Look for Benny Hill who plays a toymaker. A film for kids  that can be enjoyed by whole family.
B00002Z88D|1.0|If it weren't for the mere fact that I HAVE to give a star, this would  have recieved ZERO.  I've heard better metal, I've heard better symphony,  and I've heard better symphony/metal combinations.  Too many people are  doped into beleiving this is an original idea, but when you go back in  history to the early 80's, during true metal's powerful stance upon the  music scene, you see that it's a very OLD idea.  Metallica doesn't even  play true metal anymore, they play watered-down Korn.  Please people, try  some Nocturnal Rites, Iced Earth, and Hammerfall, you'll thank me for  handing out those names.  Metallica was at once point a fairly good thrash  band, but compared to a lot of underground artists, they were pithy at  best.  Notice the other albums that were purchased along with this one?   Guns N Roses, Korn, and the Mission Impossible soundtrack.  Come on people,  GNR, hair band from the 80s pretending to be heavy metal in the 90s and  00s, Korn, a wannabe metal band from the 90s, and MI, a soundtrack filled  with horrible tracks including Limp Bizkit, a rap/rock band from the 90's,  again, claiming originality.  S &amp; M was honestly not as bad as Load and  Reload, nor as bad as Garbage Inc, but it could NEVER compare to  Hammerfall's worst album, nor could it ever stand next to Kill 'Em All, or  Master of Puppets for that matter.  Stand up and say &quot;We're not going  to take this any more&quot;, don't buy this album, buy something twenty  times as good for 1/4 the price....<br />$11.00 for a CD with wonderous cover  art, or $26.00 for a couple of CDs with a picture of the band on the front?   Do the math.
6301390725|5.0|It's war time and several orphaned kids are placed in with a remote person  (Angela Landsbury) who is secretly practicing her lessons to become a good  witch. Pranks are playes, adventures are launched straight into cartoon  settings. This film is great fun. But if there are young ones viewing, it  might mean Mom and Dad need to stick by. Can be a little scary. Not major  scary. Just a tad.
B000002KIE|4.0|Raw, nasty, harsh, powerful, anti-antiness.  These describe the Sex  Pistols, and in fact punk rock in general.  Who can say who started punk,  and who honestly cares?  People tend to try to rationalize their liking of  music by saying that their band was first.  This is so stupid, because,  frankly, I'm sure there were hundreds of truly punk bands around who never  even got a record deal, and were just as good as the Sex Pistols and the  Ramones.  It's just a good album with real punk songs.  NoFX makes  complicated, well-sung punk, but the Sex Pistols made history.  Punk lives,  enjoy it while you can, before garbage MTV pop takes over completely (which  will hopefully never happen.)<br />Long live Johnny Rotten.
0790735199|5.0|Enter the Dragon is truly the one film that really throws out all the  punches,thanks to an incredible performance by the legendary Bruce Lee.A  man who will always be remembered for his dedication and hard work  throughout this spectacular epic.Compared to other martial arts films of  the 1970s,Enter the Dragon tops my list and I really enjoy seeing this  film.I really wish this film was rereleased on the big screen because Enter  the Dragon is such an incredible film that it desreves all the respect it  has recieved.Enter the Dragon is really one great film I really love.One  word of warning,if this film comes on the USA Network,skip it.They cut out  a lot of scenes in this film.Stick with the video or better yet,the 25th  Anniversary Special Edition.I highly recommend watching this in widescreen.
0788811355|3.0|This film is a rip-off of Lawrence of Arabia.....the only thing original  to it is the love story! It's not bad, but no other movie can be compared  to Lawrence of Arabia! I suggest you watch the David Lean epic first and  then compare it to The English Patient. Someone please tell Ralph Fiennes  to stop immitating Peter O'Toole!
B00004U8H4|5.0|This movie is really awesome! I liked when that guy was talking to the  girl and said something really weird. That was totally awesome. It was also  cool when the guy killed that guy. Wow, that looked like it hurt.  I am  glad I was not in that guys sneakers.  Overall I give the movie an A++++  infinity. It was that good.  If you have a chance to buy it you should. You  can tell buy what I said that it is a very good movie and an awesome one at  that.
6303908306|5.0|The second-best crime film ever made, a completely original idea and  fabulous dircting makes The Usual Suspects what it is.  The characters  include five criminals, Dean Keton, a retired criminal who now is  romantically involved with a criminal lawyer, and they have gone into the  restaurant business together.  keton is played by Gabriel Byrne, who is  well-cast, but not as well-cast as he is in End of Days, where he plays the  devil.  Stephen Baldwin plays McManus, a loud, crazy, but effective entry  man.  He plays this sort of role to a T, but he has been type-cast for his  career thanks to his role.  Kevin Pollak plays Todd Hockney, the explosives  expert, who doesn't care about anyone.   Pollak is great at this kind of  role, and he has some great lines.  Benicio del Toro, in his breakthrough  role, is hilarious as a wisecracking criminal with a speech impediment.   The speech impediment, where he mumbles constantly, makes him hard to  understand, but it's very, very funny.  And finally, to round out the  criminals, Verbal Kint, a cripple, played by the not yet so famous Kevin  Spacey.  Kevin Spacey is awesome in this movie.  This is his best acting  job ever.  He won the Best Supporting Actor Academy Award for his work, and  it is well deserved.   The opening lineup scene is a classic, and is  possibly the greatest opener ever, second only to the Diner Scene, from  Reservoir Dogs.  The story is told by Kevin Spacey, who is the sole  survivor of a mass slaughter in the San Pedro harbor, involving a ship.   The five men were sent to destroy coke on a boat by the mysteriously shifty  Keyzer Soze, who has never been seen by anyone, that has lived to tell the  tale.  Spacey is telling his account to U.S. Customs Agent David Cuyan, who  has a personal vendetta against Keton.  The movie jumps around a little,  but by the second viewing it is easy to follow.  The chilling climax will  leave you speechless, and will put your head in a whirl.  Enjoy!
B00003CX95|5.0|I'm not going to try to sell you on the movie - if you are reading this,  and considering buying the DVD, chances are you have already seen it, and  want it for your collection.  The DVD version of this movie - long delayed,  mostly for the commentary track - isn't a bad contribution to the DVD  library.  Die-hard fans will enjoy the director's commentary, although I  felt it was a little lacking, especially in the first hour or so of the  film.  The featurette is nothing special, and either the exact same one, or  one just like it, was run on either HBO or Showtime in 1995, with the  film's release.  The sound transfer is top-notch, the voices are clear, and  the music just right.  The video transfer will leave some fans wanting; the  colors are perfect, but there are dust spots and other minute errors  assiciated with film that are absent from other digitally-mastered DVDs.  Seeing as how there probably isn't much more to ask out of a movie that  mostly speaks for itself, these distractions are minor, and this disc is  definately worth the price for a person who will watch it over and over.
B00004W5UA|5.0|I had wanted to see it when it was released in the theatres, but I never got around to it.  When it came out on video, I rented it, not knowing what  to expect.  But then by the end of the veiwing, I was amazed.  This was the  most inventive, and definitely the best film of 1999.  The plot was  amazing, focusing on these young men, with no place in society who fight  back, first by rebelling against themselves, going to an underground boxing  club, called Fight Club, created by the mysterious Tyler Durden(Brad Pitt)  and his friend(Edward Norton), who is never really named.  The narraration  of the film by Edward Norton is an excellent twist to the movie, and the  plot takes many turns, but the plot flows beautifully.  The creation of  Tyler's destruction path, code named Project Mayhem, is what is focused on  towards the end of the film.  The countless catchphrases and catchy lines  that are delivered by Brad Pitt are priceless.  The &quot;Recycle your  Pets&quot; bumper sticker gives me a laugh every time.  Also, the work of  Helena Bonham Carter in the film is not to be overlooked.  She plays the  junkie named Marla, who wanders into the narrarator's life, and won't  leave.  Then, she becomes attached to Tyler.  The concluding twenty minutes  of the movie is breathtaking, and the ending is spectacular.  The perks of  Edward Norton's character really bring him to life as it would seem if he  was a real person, because people really do have these little perks that  make them who they are.  The writing is stellar, adapted from the book  Fight Club, by Chuck Palahniuk, especially for a first time screenwriter.   The directing of David Fincher, always reliable, stands out here as his  best work to date.  This dethrones Seven as his best movie.  And Brad Pitt  is excellent as Tyler Durden, Edward Norton's best friend and enemy at the  same time.  If only Brad Pitt would stick with Fincher, he would have a  flawless career.
B000001DTM|5.0|What makes a successful band. Personally I believe it has to do with their  ability to evolve into something new. U2 proved their ability to do just  that with this album. This is the first U2 album I bought. Everything about  this album shines, the guitar is graceful and to the point.  Adam Clayton  and Larry Mullin Jr. have proven that they can have just as much impact on  the songs as Bono's liricsare second only to those done for POP. This album  was in my mind the best of 1991 and not REM's Out of Time(though that is a  good album too) but if you're looking for an album that you can play over  and over again without getting sick of the songs, or, you want something to  listen to while doing your homework, or need something to get the blood  flowing, This album is for YOU.
B00003XB8K|5.0|One thing i have noticed with all the Enigma albums is weather or not  you've heard anything about the current album or haven't heard any songs  off the current album. You can buy and rest assured that you will not be  disappointed. After listening to the third album and see that the Mirror  had been released. I purchased it without thinking twice about &quot;what  if i don't like it.&quot; I knew from previous experiances with them that  they are worth the risk if you even see one. I can't wait till he finishes  his next album the only thing i dread is that one day he'll actully  stop....
0586045449|5.0|It's a pity this book has been relegated to the status of 'special order'.  As an account of a single Lancaster night raid, it's without peer in  portraying the lives of people enduring the  horrors of war in any age.  Deighton's skill at depicting characters has few matches, and the scope of  this book, set in both Germany and England [as well as the skies above  both] only  enhances his writing abilities.  Following the lives of bomber  and night fighter crews as well as those living under bombardment, he shows  how meaningless war is to the most hawkish  adherents.  It's not possible  to read this book without being moved by how well Deighton sees into the  minds and hearts of his characters.  None of them are false or  overdrawn.<br />'Strategic' bombing was implemented to maintain pressure on  the Nazis in the hope of forcing sufficient discontent among the  population.  John Dos Passos once wrote on the futility of using 'terror'  bombing to bring surrender of a people whose loved ones were killed and  their homes destroyed.  Bomber shows how barren this strategy truly was.  It didn't work when London was blitzed.  It certainly failed when even  target cities were missed completely due to unforeseen circumstances.  Deighton takes us step by step from the preparation of the aircraft and the  defenses countering it through the raid and its aftermath.  His portrayal  of the 'military mind' is disconcerting when we reflect that the same  attitudes prevail with little or no evidence of improvement.  This book  should be brought back on the active list and read by anyone seeing armed  conflict as a mechanism of policy.
B000000OYQ|2.0|This album contains some fine instrumentals like Writes of Winter, Liquid  Mercury and Emerald Eyes that succeed in capturing the power, mystique and  musical sophisitication of Led Zeppelin.  Unfortunately, these tracks are  outweighed by bland 80's hard rock drivel like Wanna Make Love and cheesy  blooze rock filler like Prison Blues.  Jason Bonham, lacking the subtlety  and dexterity of his late father, fails to impress as does Robert Plant in  his guest appearance on The Only One.  John Miles is a better vocalist than  Chris Farlow, but that's not saying much.  Worth owning if you are a  diehard Page fan, but the casual Zep fan should probably pass.
6302662648|5.0|This film captivates the viewer from the first scene.  Redford's portrayal  of a security firm's  team leader is excellent.  His supporting cast shows  what a broad range of talent is necessary  to handle the roles imposed by  dealing with security issues.  Each is a social malcontent, yet  wholly  professional as they address the questions posed by clients and  circumstances.  Among them, David Strathairn stands out.  Comparing his  presentation with his base  commander role in Memphis Belle shows the depth  of his abilities.  As a blind techie relying  on hearing alone, his  contribution to this film is sensational.  The only predictable figure is  Dan Akroyd - he seems to come straight from a Ghostbusters take without  shedding any of  that character.  Ben Kingsley, as Redford's Mafia foil,  provides a stunning presentation of a  man caught up in the realities of  today's information saturated world.<br />While the plot of this film is thin,  the actors rise above its limitations with their performances.  This film  isn't about 'hacking', it's about advances in information technology. What  is needed to protect information used in airline routing, medical research  or electrical grids?  The technology is valid, a 'super cracker' device is  under investigation by countless agencies,  both government and private.  Today's mathematics will provide such a device, but one  hopes it won't be  achieved by the strange character depicted in this film.  The serious  question arises over who will control it.  James Earl Jones, as the  government agent who ultimately acquires the cracker is far too easygoing  for the job he fills.<br />That being said, the message of this film is  vivvidly expressed.  It's a film worthy of any library, to be viewed  frequently for its  impact.
079284632X|2.0|No question, this is a cult classic.  But it's a cult classic because,  first, it hasn't been the easiest film to find over the last 28 years.   Run-down video rentals would have it, some rare mail-order houses...but  until this re-release, it wasn't easy to find.  That automatically raises  the appeal of the film...so few people have actually seen it.  Second, few  films have such a questionable history of cuts-versions-editions.  As one  film reviewer put it, &quot;a full print may no longer even exist&quot;.   This re-release is significantly cut from the previous  (out of print)  video version to eliminate gore.  It's not for the squeamish.  It fits well  though into the whole early 1970's bleak world view  (Clockwork Orange,  Exorcist, etc.)  But if you're looking for a rare  (and here I mean very  very rare) complete print of a cult classic, find &quot;The Wicker  Man&quot;...it's scarier than Last House and won't make you gag gore-wise.   Gore in this movie is gratuitous  (it's more artful and purposeful, for  example, in Argento's &quot;Suspiria&quot;).  Watch this one if you've  never seen it...but I recommend renting an old copy rather than buying a  new (cut) one.
6305508550|1.0|As everyone says, that 1 star is under protest.  (Amazon, Why can't you give us a choice of 0 or -1)  After seeing this title and the 4+ stars in  the bestsellers list, I had to try to balance this with -4.  I have never  seen anything more purile and insulting to our intellegence (look who's  talking, I paid money for it? ) than this load of absolute rubbish.  The  people who gave this any stars must have very dull and boring lives.
B00000IOSU|5.0|wow. despite this being just an aural experience, it was simply  breaktaking. and what a big &quot;up&quot; this is from the  high-expectation-but-didn't-deliver mary j. blige live album. having just  picked up sarah's music from &quot;surfacing&quot;, i back tracked all the  way to solace, only to find myself actually looking at a great and exact  songwriter, a crafter of music who is getting so precise and sensitive it's  hard not to lose that raw edge (but she hasn't), and a voice that soars  with heart-breaking emotion yet can tumble down to the most intimate and  painful whispers of heart-ache. thanks sarah. and i think i spoke for a lot  of people out there who enjoy and appreciate well-written, finely crafted  and perfectly sung songs.
630575067X|2.0|You can be dazzled with all of the state-of-the-art technology in the  world and still come up feeling short-changed, especially in the emotion  department.  Everyone has talked this film to death, but what I don't get  is that there is nothing that draws you to the film emotionally like the  first trilogy.  And what's the deal with Liam Neeson's departure and then  the next scene there's cheering and a big celebration?  Hollow and flat.   None of the exhilarating happiness of the earlier films.  Just bloated with  self-importance.  I'm sure Episode II will be better...
6305627401|5.0|This is what a movie version of a TV show should be. As the title suggests, it's bigger in both scope and impact, and uncensored. There are  no swear words bleeped out in this film, and few punches pulled! Much has  been made about the amount of bad language in the film, and true, there is  a lot. But it is entirely forgivable when it's done with such panache and  sense of purpose. This is not the mindless swearing that you get in so many  films these days. &quot;South Park: Bigger , Longer &amp; Uncut&quot;  ultimately makes a very forceful defence of freedom of speech, and does it  in a visually graphic way that maybe only a cartoon could get away with.  It's also a very funny film in the bargain, containing some truly hilarious  scenes, and takes satirical swipes at a wide variety of targets along the  way.<br />Some fans of the TV show may be surprised that the movie is done as  a musical, but it works well in that format, sending up West Side Story and  Les Miserables along the way. The songs, written by Trey Parker, are all  good, the outstanding ones being Terence and Philip's  &quot;Uncle*****&quot;, and &quot;What Would Brian Boitano Do?&quot;, both  very catchy numbers that stick in the memory after a couple of listens.  Also worth noting are &quot;Blame Canada&quot; and an extended version of  Cartman's greatest hit, &quot;Kyle's Mom's a Bitch&quot;.<br />The animation  is mostly done in the usual basic 'flat' style that we've come to know and  love, the exception being the early scenes in hell, on which the animators  have gone to town to make them visually impressive. When I saw the movie in  a theatre, it was almost impossible to catch all the dialogue, as it comes  at you so thick and fast, especially during some of the songs. One  advantage of owning it on DVD is that you can put the subtitles on, thus  ensuring that you don't miss any of the jokes contained in this gem of a  movie. Highly recommended, not only to South Park fans, but to anyone whois broadminded and enjoys a good comedy that also has something worthwhile  to say.
B000002AZ8|1.0|I am convinced that Amazon writes their own favorable reviews to sell  albums. This is the only way that this pathetic, throw-away of an album  could possibly get more than 1 star. This album lacks melody, structure,  feeling, mood and originality. This album was clearly released to satisfy  label requirements -Pearl Jam put no effort into this release.  The reason  that I am reviewing this album 6 years after its release is that I've  noticed that there are very few negative reviews posted on this site. This  led me to believe that Amazon either only posts favorable reviews or writes  their own. So, in order to test this, I picked one of the worst albums I  have ever heard and checked the reviews. Guess what? Every review claims  this album to be a &quot;masterpiece&quot; and &quot;best ever&quot;. Come  on. Can anyone really find this album listenable?
B00004RHZU|5.0|Well, it is hard to find a CD in which all tracks are at least good, and  this is one of them. You have to like the style, of course: this is Kevin  &quot;She'kspere&quot; Briggs everywhere, and if you liked the recent  Destiny's Child, No Scrubs and Mariah Carey's &quot;X-Girlfriend&quot;,  you'll love this one. In particular, Most Girls is a total masterpiece, and  at least another 3 or 4 songs could be listened to 20 times a day without  ever getting boring. Just to give you an idea: in the first 24 hours of  owning this CD, I listened to it at least 8 times!
0316921173|3.0|yeah, the feeling this book has left me with is indecisiveness. sometimes  i will just remember some part of the book and start laughing and think  what a great book it is. other times i will just be disappointed with it.  for one, yes it is long. and i think that for the length it doesnt quite  meet the bar. there are times when you are just waiting to get through a  section because it seems boring or irrelevent or at least omittable. it  seems mr wallace couldnt bring himself to drop some of the lesser important  or (ha) entertaining sections. but there are really some really hilarious,  not to mention twisted things going on. i cant tell if it was worth it. oh,  and the ending is one of the most frustrating i've encountered. i felt a  bit cheated. but go for it if you like.
B00003CXDG|2.0|I was very disappointed with this movie, though I admit my hopes were not high after the first one.  Some of the special effects were glitzy but the  action was poorly planned and the characters were poorly scripted.<br />When  people ask me why I pan this film, I have to bring up the motorcycle chase  scene.  We got bored in the middle of it.  A motorcycle chase scene has to  be pretty bad for you to get bored during it!  Furthermore, the  hand-to-hand combat was very poorly choreographed.  You can tell neither  Cruise nor his director has a good sense of how to make this believable.   Most trained combat elites can do a flying kick into someone's chest and  then land on their feet.  The spin kick seen in the previews was the  longest period of exciting material in the fight.  Think back.  That was  less than one second.<br />I was looking forward to seeing Thande Newton in  this movie, but was disappointed in that she has a shallow, stupid role.   The best part of her interaction with Cruise is when he goes to recruit her  at a party --excellent camera work creates a very intense focus between  them from across the room.  But from the moment they speak to one another  onward, the film goes downhill.<br />Finally, the strategic presentation in  this movie is miserable.  These guys couldn't pull off Mission: Easy if  they insist on looking like themselves in broad daylight during a dangerous  rendevous with an agent who has infiltrated a gang led by someone who can  recognize their entire crew...  Scenes like that and the climactic scene  where Cruise is racing an oncoming militia in order to save the world and  he's  moving  ....  at  ....   the   ......... speed   ..... of  ....  cold  ....  molasses  ...   were more than sufficient to ensure that I wouldn't  recommend this film to anyone.
B00003CXDG|5.0|I'll start out by saying that I've never been let down by a Tom Cruise movie, they are all excellent films (even Eyes Wide Shut), and MI:2 is by  far the best of the action films that both John Woo and Tom Cruise have  done separately, and together (so far).  Just go buy this movie, crank up  the DVD player and enjoy the best movie of 2000.
0671449028|5.0|Tonight while surfing through amazon I stumbled upon Sandra Boynton.  Remembering how fond my children were of her board books when they were  toddlers, I read a few of the reviews.  I laughed and cried thinking about  how frequently &quot;The Going To Bed Book&quot; was read in our household  and how IMPORTANT it became in our bedtime ritual.  Out of curiosity I  pulled the old book from our library shelves and went to my kids, now 15,  12 and 9 and began to recite a few lines. *NOTE - I didn't actually NEED  the book in order to do this. To my delight each of them perked up, smiled  and began to chant the lines right along with me.  They remembered the  characters, the words, the way we used to read the story.  You see, for  them the memories of this book are wonderful as well!   <br />Sandra Boynton  is gifted at coupling wonderful, readable verse with delightful  illustration.  Don't miss this book and don't hesitiate to purchase others  from her collection.  We have HUNDREDS of read aloud childrens books in  this house.  This ranks right up there with the absolute favorites and  should be IMHO amongst the first books read to a cherished babe.  <br />P.S.   Don't miss &quot;Doggies&quot; either!  If you read this one with FEELING  they'll be begging for it time and again!
B00003W8NM|5.0|First of all, I'm going to keep this clean.  No socially acceptable  adjectives could make it clear how phenomenally great this movie truly was.   I gave it 5 stars out of 5, but it deserves 6 or 7 out of 5.  It is, in my  opinion, quite simply, the greatest movie ever made.  Every time I watch  it, I like it more.      For those of you who haven't seen it, Fight Club  is the story of one man's frustration with modern 'life' and what he does  about it.  Fight Club is the ultimate expression of nihilism.  It shows a  life that has hit bottom, that has lost fear, and can accomplish anything.   I heard people say things about it like 'The fighting was pretty good, but  it had a weird ending.'  These troglodytes didn't deserve to see the movie.   These are probably the same people who think that 'Starship Troopers' was  primarily an action movie, and that Jet Li is the greatest martial artist  in the world.      Not only did it have an incredible plot, but the writing  was fantastic, too.  There are so many lines that make me shiver when I  hear them.  You must buy this DVD.  You have no choice.
0070511136|5.0|Neil Rackham writes a book that summarizes the ground-shaking discoveries  of his Company, Huthwaite. The Whole purpose of their research which lasted  for a good Number of years was to discover what certain behaviors on the  salesman's part helped In creating a successful purchase in the  Major-Account sale, in which the item for Sale was usually expensive and  requires a long after-sales relationship between buyer And seller.<br />Mr.  Rackham turns the conventional sales knowledge upside-down and he does so   very convincingly. He divides the sale into 4 phases; The Preliminaries,  Investigating, Demonstrating Capability and Obtaining Commitment. He lays  great emphasis in The Investigation phase, and it is in this phase that the  SPIN Model comes into action.<br />SPIN is an acronym for the different types  of questions that a seller must use in order to properly establish the last  two phases of the sales call. Situation questions are simple  straightforward questions about the buyer's company and current situation  they are general questions that basically aim to establish context for the  next questions. Problem questions are those which aim to pinpoint the exact  problems of the buyer so that it becomes easier to uncover his implied  needs. Implication questions take us a step further into examining the  consequences of the buyers problem more closely and trying to make him more  acutely aware of  their ramifications so that we can start asking  Need-Payoff questions which basically deal with the value and utility that  the buyer perceives in a solution. The Need-Payoff questions lead to the  development of Explicit need in which the buyer Has been led to clearly  understand the context of his exact need to fix a particular Problem. Only  after the SPIN questions have been successfully used to define Those  explicit needs can a seller start demonstrating capability. With knowledge  Of the needs of the buyer the seller can therefore more easily demonstrate  solutions Which satisfy those explicit needs, i.e. the benefits of the  product or service.<br />Mr. Rackham describes the different phase in the  different chapters of his book and provides very useful information to  discredit many misconceptions that have long Been held holy by salesmen,  such as the importance of closing, the true meaning of Benefit as opposed  to advantage and feature, the relative value of openings and first  Impressions and most of all the value of the investigating phase.<br />An  Essential book if you have anything to do with Sales.
B00004SCX6|5.0|This cd is awesome! all songs could be a hit! People! if you hate Britney  I don't know why you spent your time writing bad things about this  cd.<br />GET A LIFE!
B000021XS0|5.0|Intricate music... as expected from Prog-masters DT. Music filled with  aggression, emotion, angst &amp; adrenaline. I bought this disc when it  first came out... and it's taken me months to really appreciate it. I heard  it was a concept album, but until now had not listened to the whole thing  at once. Cool, a murder mystery... if you ask me, as sad as it is, Victoria  got what she deserved for two-timing with her husband's brother.  &quot;Through Her Eyes&quot;, &quot;Beyond This Life&quot; and &quot;The  Spirit Carries On&quot; are truly remarkable Dream Theater songs. As much  as they are &quot;remarkable&quot; for DT, they are virtually impossible  for any other band. This is music that is not for the masses... it is  complex &amp; intricate with mesmerizing chords &amp; musicianship that  draw you into it. I can relate &quot;Scenes From A Memory&quot; to  Queensryche's &quot;Operation Mindcrime&quot; in the sense that when I  first heard the whole album, I was dumb-founded. The amazing songs,  inter-twined with meaning and a story. Some songs soft and meaningful,  while other songs rip it up with searing trademark Petrucci riffs and  speedy Portnoy percussion. This album is a total DT team effort. You'll see  that Portnoy, Labrie, Petrucci, Myung all wrote and contributed lyrically.  New comer Rudess (on keyboards) contributes nicely as well. The final  kicker on this disc I felt were the lyrics and intense music in the last  song, &quot;Finally Free&quot;. Even tho the song is 12 minutes long, the  whole plot (along with the killer) is revealed. This is top shelf  progressive rock. Very few if any can compare to Dream Theater. 5+ stars.
B00001QGPR|4.0|After a decade or two of struggling with a identity crisis, David Bowie  releases his best album( or should I say C.D.)in years.  Unlike his  previous two works (outside &amp; earthling, these songs are actually  structured and organized.  Outside contained only a handful of good songs  as did Earthing, but hours is a gem from song one to the end.  &quot;Thursday's child&quot; lead off the album beautifully, setting up for  my favorite track &quot; something in the air&quot; which i believe could  have fit perfectly into another classic Bowie album &quot;Diamond  Dogs&quot;, it is just a mesmorizing piece of music, other stand-out tracks  are &quot;the pretty things are going to hell&quot; and &quot;What's really  happening&quot;  (both by the way are the hard-rockers of this C.D.). If  you like any of bowie's music from &quot;space oddity to let's dance&quot;  than this is the album for you, if you're more of a &quot;I'm afraid of  americans&quot; sort of fan then wait for the next trent reznor release  cause I think Bowie is ch ch ch ch changing his musically direction again,  but this time we can definitly expect some great things from him in the  future if &quot;hours&quot; is any indication.
B00003CXBK|5.0|The Princess is full of morals even kids would find intresting and in fact even though with it's violence it is great for kids , Mythological ancient  japense culture  come into play with this extrodinary animated epic about  the clash between technology and mother earth and those who would destroy  it and those who would defend it one of the best if not the best  japanamation epic of all time.
0340738448|4.0|I'm a sucker for this guy. No, not that guy, not Hugh, but Richard Curtis.  And Tim McInnerny. I liked the movie, of course--otherwise I wouldn't have  bothered reading the screenplay--but the screenplay was better than the  movie. Edited-out scenes, alternate storylines, a very funny afterword,  lovely pictures. Plus the book's printed on just the most wonderful paper.  I'm a sucker for good paper.
B00003CX95|5.0|A lover , leader , warrior , soldier , knight , gladiator ,legend Willam Wallace was all of these and many more in director Mel Gibson's academy award winning epic Braveheart he was a man who believed in something  greater then himself and fought for it , a man of peace believeing in  family , and settling down with the woman he loved but when the english  took his dream of freedom they forced him into the only option he had to  lead his people into war.Mel Gibon does an incredible job in bringing this  man to life on the screen in a sweeping epic.It's also the story between  the fued between tyranical king Longshank's and ultimately the story's  centerpeice the relationship between Wallace and Robert The Bruce the  future king. Betrayal , revenge , lust , passion for something greater then  ones self.Willam Wallace was not just a legend he was a man for his people  to beleive in and beleive in him they would.Brutal mideival battle scenes  laden this powerful and emotional film , an worthwile commentary by Mel  Gibson is in the long awaited DVD , and trailers and a behind the scenes  glimpse of the making of this 5 time academy award winning movie capture  this true cinimatic epic forever.
0380973642|4.0|Ordinarily, almost everything of Neil's gets 5 stars. I love the stories  in this book. I love &quot;Troll Bridge&quot; and &quot;Chivalry&quot; and  &quot;Looking For The Girl.&quot; The thing is, I read Angels And  Visitations ages ago, and before that I read a Datlow/Windling anthology or  five, so I've read &quot;Troll Bridge&quot; half a dozen times. And  &quot;Babycakes.&quot; And &quot;Virus.&quot; And even though this  collection has more stuff in it, and more comments, and I liked &quot;When  We Went To See The End Of The World by Dawnie Morningside, age 11 1/4&quot;  very much, it doesn't make up for it. I want to see the new stuff.
6300214419|4.0|I watched this movie first time about six years ago, and really identified  myself with it. Firtly because it talks directly to the &quot;over 25 and  married&quot; generation. Very simple but at the same time deep story of  love between two (in some ways) well married people, who discover love, and  decide to brake the walls of self mutilation, to at least feel intensivelly  the passion of each other. Even now, several years after its release, the  movie can make you think about all your most unchangeable values. Forget  about your natural deffences when whatching it !!
0440219078|3.0|Maybe it's just me. Because some people loved this book. I missed the Christ allegory, apparently, and I guess I was wrong about the point of the  story. I wanted to know more about how the communities worked; I was  properly spooked by the assignment of jobs to twelve-year-olds with the  line, &quot;Thank you for your childhood,&quot; but I wanted to know what  happened later on. The story seemed to end without ending, and the big  secret revelation was obvious to me from the start. Unpleasant, to be sure,  but hardly surprising.
B000002H33|5.0|Metallica's album &quot;Master of Puppets&quot; is basically the album  that really doesn't set Metallica apart musically.  On this effort they do  anything that any other washed out outfit in that day did.  Except 10 times  better.<br />     Take Bon Jovi's &quot;Cowboy&quot;(i'm not sure of the  actual title if that's not it).  It starts with a descending guitar lick  then slowly builds from the pre-chorus into a fully rocking power ballad.   You've all heard this type of thing before if you even bothered to flick on  a radio around 1986 or so.  Now take the opening track from our subject  album. It begins with a lush flamenco guitar line.  It gives the feeling of  a parting shot from an old civil war black white movie at the very end.   The feeling is sad, moving, almost haunting.  Then a distorted guitar plays  a cranked up version of the melody until it is stripped away without notice  to reveal the wiry jaws of the beast.  Though this is no super dumb slayer  thrash though.  Lars Ulrichs chain-fire drumming, and James Hetfield's  pumping riff assault lock together perfectly.  It moves alright, but with  tighter precision and melodic force.<br />     The rest of the album comes  packed with as many great moments.  Each song on the uses a different  melodic device.  Songs like &quot;Disposable Heroes&quot; and &quot;Master  of Puppets&quot; sprawl forth at a manic tempo.  Almost tripping over  themsleves to get to the next part.  The ashes of a solo or bridge still  smoldering as the next part breaks through.  Songs like &quot;Lepper  Messiah&quot; use a simple 1-2 chug, chug to establish a monster groove.   James volitale riffing then slows the songs the down to a brutal back and  forth tempo.<br /> Kirk Hammets soloing is mostly frenzied when it is called  upon.  But during calmer moments his soloing sings with a violin like whine  as he lays down the awesome solos for &quot;Sanitarium&quot; or  &quot;Orion&quot;.  His phrasing is never at a fail.  Just for fun he even  throws in a coupale of vague &quot;hendrixisms&quot; at times.<br /> Last ,but  not least when you can hear him Cliff Burton's bass is what basically gave  Metallica it's melodic punch.  Precise and clean he does more than double  Jame's riffs.  He's very much  the consumate heavy metal bass player.  He  keep a steady counter melody flowing for the slow parts then holds down the  low end when the insanty rushes forth.  Why oh why, do the good ones have  to die.<br /> Master of puppets though it has many talents really owns it's  self to the lyrics.  The songs are mainly about the abuse of power and  personal abuse.  He becomes the victim and the abuser.   &quot;Sanitarium&quot; is from the point of view of an institutionalized  veteran.  &quot;Master of Puppets&quot; is a horrifying account of the life  of a drug user.  It seems that though the drug is the one recalling about  its interaction with a victim as if it were a ruthless dictator.  The only  lyrically uncharacteristic song on here is &quot;The Thing That Should Not  Be&quot;.  It more or less waxes poetic about an ancient demon rising from  the depths of the earth to wreak havoc, and not in a metaphorical sense.<br />   &quot;Master of Puppets&quot; looked good on paper when alot of other  albums were about as thin.  It's sprawling arrangements and intelligent  musicianship gave it the depth and abilty to carry it beyond it's given  era.  It has now proven itself as one the all time greats.  I personally  would like to see Korn make anything this convincing.
6303961665|4.0|I FIRST SAW &quot;THE GREATEST STORY EVER TOLD &quot; AT THE  WARNER  CINERAMA IN NYC.IN 1965. IT WAS A MOVING FILM BUT THE  AMERICAN WEST WHERE  IT WAS FILMED WAS A BIG DISTRACTION TO ME.  MAX VON SYDOW UNDERTOOK A VERY  DIFFICULT ROLE SINCE EVERYONE  HAS HIS OR HER OWN IDEA OF WHAT JESUS WAS  LIKE. I FOUND THIS PERFORMANCE TO BE TOO SOMBER. JESUS HAD TO HAVE BEEN  SOMEWHAT  CHARISMATIC IF HE WERE TO ATTRACT FOLLOWERS. THIS JESUS DOESN'T  FIT THE BILL. ALL DIVINITY AND VERY LITTLE HUMANITY. FOR ME THE  MORE  ACCURATE IMAGES OF JESUS,HUMAN AND DIVINE,CAN BE FOUND IN THE PORTRAYALS OF  BRUCE MARCHIANO IN &quot;MATTHEW&quot; AND JEREMY SISTO IN THE NEWLY  RELEASED MINISERIES &quot;JESUS.&quot;
B00003CXGG|1.0|This Movie does Jet Li no justice.  Romeo Must Die tries so hard to dazzle the viewer with special effects that it forgets who its core audience  is...Martial Arts Fans!  The plot and screenplay are so predictable that  you know who the traitor is from the very beginning.  But the worst crime  is the lack of serious Martial artistry from Jet Li.  This movie needed  less elements from the Matrix and more from Fist of Legend.  Jet Li is all  about Kung Fu mastery, Romeo Must Die is all about Matrix mockery.
B00003CXDG|3.0|M I : 2<br />This summer offering is just what the doctor ordered. Based on the hit 60's tv series (remade in the 80's ) , and a sequel of sorts to the  1996 blockbuster. I will be the first to admit that the 1996 film isn't the  better of the two. That film I thought was too silly to be seriously , but  the stunts and acting as well as Brian De Palma's direction was great. But  come on would Jim Phelps have really betrayed the team? The newest  installment in what is likely to become a film franchise is directed by  action master John Woo (&quot;Face Off&quot;, &quot;Broken Arrow&quot;,  &quot;Hard Target&quot;) , and features a silly plot that mainly serves as  the reason for all of the action. Ethan Hunt (a suave Tom Cruise) is  whisked away from his vacation in the mountains by his new boss (Anthony  Hopkins in an uncredited cameo) to assemble a new team. The mission should  he choose to accept it is this : Stop a fellow agent gone bad named Sean  Ambrose (Dougray Scott &quot;Ever After&quot;) from getting control of both  a Virus and it's anecdote and selling it to the highest bidder. The team  Ethan Hunt  assembles to assist him  consists of three other people. An  Australian spy, Luther (Vingh Rames &quot;Entrapment&quot;) returning from  the original and Nya a sexy thief  (Thandie Newton &quot;Besieged&quot;).  The movie has lots of wonderful stunts which will please  the audience  immensely. One thing that I found amusing is how many times masks are used  in a scene in which suddenly someone turns out to be another cast member.  It is as if they have an unlimited supply of them. Another problem is the  silly story which could have been better. Oh well beggars can't be choosy.  Overall this Mission is successful just don't expect a 5 star film.  Review  : ***1/2 out of five
B00004U2A1|5.0|First off, the movie will stand the test of time as far as cult classics  are concerned.  Yeah it's full of gore but the blood is green and black and  bright red, so it's different then the slasher films you see in the  multiplex these days.  Yeah the budget is not Matrix level, but it's still  a better film then movies with huge budgets.  But I want to talk about is  the extra stuff.  On the disc is a halfhour making of which is beautiful.  It has clips from camcorders showing the cast and staff having fun, as well  as how they did the makeup for Henrietta and all the gore.  Also a  homemovie made be the FX guys about a dead baby come back to life.  The  videogame preview is the worst part about the whole thing, and that's just  because it shows the cabin and that's about it.  The commentary is the main  reason you should buy this, much better then the first one because Bruce  and Sam are talking together showing how long and good their frienship is.  All in all it's the reason they make DVD Players.
B000002KH3|5.0|I married a man who can't get enough of Van Halen. He saw them perform in  seattle. And I hated them. When he put this Van Halen into my walkman, I  was converted heart mind and soul. The guitar work is sheer heaven. Eddie  Van Halen, as far as I am concerned, ranks with the likes of Les Paul and  other guitar legends. The music, lyrics and the vocals of Roth are alive  and seem to create a energy that I believe has never again been reproduced.  Perhaps Metallica's Master of Puppets comes close, but as far as I am  concerned, this album stands alone.
6305657947|4.0|I saw this movie expecting a cheesy overacted James Bond ripoff. How  surprised was I to find a clever, well acted and sexy film. Brosnan and  Russo have fantastic chemistry and the story has been updated nicely from  the original.Dunaway even makes a cameo appearance as Brosnan's therapist.  One of the most clever features of the DVD is its imaginative menu screen  which replicates the interior of an art museum. As the camera pans around,  the various impressionistic paintings are actually scenes from the film  that come to life as the camera moves around them.The DVD also contains the  trailers from both the original with Faye Dunaway and Steve McQueen as well  as the remake.
B0000025KI|5.0|The automobile has always held a special place in Bruce Springtseen's  songs.  To Mr. Springsteen, a car is not just a mode of transportation, but  is a metaphor for life.  He has always used car themes in his songs, but  they come to the forefront on this sprawling two record set.  The car takes  on many shapes, in &quot;Stolen Car&quot; it's used as a cry for help, in  &quot;Drive All Night&quot; it symbolizes devotion to his woman, in  &quot;Wreck On The Highway&quot; it exposes life's fragility. In  &quot;Sherry Darling&quot;, the car is a source of aggrevation as he has to  use to cart his mother-in-law around instead of hanging with his boys.  Even though the car is a theme that runs throughout the album, Bruce  explores other areas.  The album contains probably his most personal song  &quot;Independence Day&quot;, which details his troubled relationship with  his father. The album is both dark with troubled songs like the title  track, &quot;Point Blank&quot; &amp; &quot;Fade Away&quot; and upbeat with  rockers like &quot;Out In The Street&quot;, &quot;Two Hearts&quot;,  &quot;Cadillac Ranch&quot; and his first top ten song, &quot;Hungry  Heart&quot; with peaked at number five.  The River was his most accessible  album to date and was his first number one album.  The album solidified his  presence as an artist who mattered and as a force on the charts.
6305165912|5.0|I like to use this movie as a &quot;getting to know you&quot; tool. When I  meet someone, I will bring up this movie and see if they like it.  Generally, if they dislike it, they are idiots. <br />Possibly the movie I  have rewatched more than any other, the Big Lebowski is a convoluted romp  that showcases the genius of the Coen Brothers and a solid solid cast.  <br />John Goodman fans know that the Coen Brothers do him right, and this  film is my favorite Goodman performance yet. John Turturro puts in a  spectacular cameo as a bowling pervert, and Jeff Bridges is perfect as the  pot-laden anchor of relative sanity that the insane plot revolves around.  <br />There is so much that is so good about this movie, that I think I will  stop here, and just urge you to check it out. It's not for everybody, but  the world would be a better place if it was.
B000002KCV|5.0|I went to a family wedding last week &amp; watched as 2 long-divorced  parents proudly walked their son (my cousin) down the aisle in the  traditional Jewish fashion.  As I watched, the words of Neil Young's  wonderful tune &quot;Already One&quot; flooded my mind.  I can't think of  another song that so deeply captures the full miracle of the life force at  work.  For those who favor the &quot;reflective&quot; side of this artist,  I think COMES A TIME continues to be Neil Young's best album (better than  both HARVEST &amp; HARVEST MOON), although the new SILVER &amp; GOLD is  strong competition.
B000003S5H|5.0|Where in the F*&amp;$ did this come from? New and revealing. Finds new  proclivities and expressive forms. Not in a way that abandons all  convention. New is easy if you leave out everything conventional. But this  is the good kind of new which is a step (or push) across some kind of  boundary, not a leap to nowhere. There are lots of CDs similar to this but  none that are really like it. Way ahead of its time. I want more!
068484267X|5.0|Absolutely amazing account of a young boy's life living in the  &quot;lanes&quot; (ghettos) of Ireland.  Beautifully written,  well-organized, this story draws you in from the very beginning and doesn't  let you go, even after you've finished the book!  <br />The author's unique  writing style is captivating and makes it seem like the author is right  there confiding in you. A MUST read.
B000002513|5.0|The Wild, The Innocent &amp; The E Street shuffle may only contain 7  songs, but they pack a punch and are among the finest of Bruce's career.  The album opens with the funky guitar riff of &quot;The E Street  Shuffle&quot;.  &quot;4th Of July&quot; is the song that made Asbury Park  famous and Madame Marie's a mecca for Bruce fans.  &quot;Kitty's Back&quot;  is a blazing rock 'n' soul workout and is followed by the comical  &quot;Wild Billy's Circus Story&quot;.  On the original album, the last  three songs constituted side two and it is about as perfect of an album  side as there is in history.  &quot;Incident on 57th Street&quot;,  &quot;Rosalita&quot; and &quot;New York City Serenade&quot; is a three part  musical suite and they flow seemlessly into one another. The stories they  tell are so vivid that they are almost like musical literature.  Bruce has  released albums that were musically superior to Wild, but never one that  was this much fun.
B000000OAN|5.0|A quiet but loudening piano solo fills your ears.  Louder and louder this  piano playing gets.  After about fifteen seconds a guitar is added to the  piece, screeching out a unique sound.  As the guitar plays on, the music  gets louder and louder.  Finally, at the point when your ears might burst,  the song changes into a fast-tempoed, guitar filled sound that is very  different from any thing you've ever heard.  Are you at a fabulous concert  from an incredibly experienced band?  No, you have just listened to the  first minute of the most important and one of the best Queen albums ever  recorded.  From the loud and hateful &quot;Death on Two Legs,&quot; to the  operatic melodies in &quot;Bohemian Rhapsody,&quot; this album is like an  amusement park for your ears.  Song after song played by the amazing  members of Queen create some kind of wonderful feeling that is so unique  and discernible that only Queen could create.  After &quot;Death on Two  Legs&quot; comes the playful and happy song, &quot;Lazy on a Sunday  Afternoon.&quot;  Subsequently comes the powerful automobile dedicated  song, &quot;I'm in Love With My Car.&quot;  Next comes the soft-rock, love  song, &quot;You're my Best Friend.&quot;  One of the band's greatest hits,  this song is full of truly and deeply felt feelings of adorement.    Immediately following is the acoustic song, &quot;39&quot;.  This is one of  the best songs on the album, full of beautiful vocal pieces and harmonic  instrument playing which makes Queen so unique (excluding all of the other  unique characteristics).  Next comes the nearly Metal song &quot;Sweet  Lady&quot; full of great guitar playing and Heavy Metal voices.   Immediately after comes the &quot;Lazy on a Sunday Afternoon&quot; like  song &quot;Seaside Rendevous.&quot;  Happy and romantic, this song reflects  Queen's lighter side of music.  Following &quot;Seaside Rendevous&quot; is  the extremely long piece, &quot;The Prophet's Song.&quot;  A spectacular  display ofBrian May's song-writing skill, this song is sure to be one of  your favorites.  &quot;The Prophet's Song&quot; reminds me of something  from the Bible, particularly the passage about Noah's Ark.  Next is the  piano/love ballad &quot;Love of My Life.&quot;  This is a somewhat sad but  still great song about a lost love.  Next is the May written &quot;Good  Company.&quot;  An okay song but only a warm-up to the next one.  THE  GREATEST QUEEN SONG EVER: &quot;Bohemian Rhapsody.&quot;  This masterpiece  for all music fans is, I believe,by far their best song,  their greatest  hit ever, and most popular song.  First comes the beautiful and sad  beginning to the song which I interpret is about death.  &quot;Bohemian  Rhapsody&quot; is full of great piano-playing, amazing vocals, and just  spectacular lyrics.   Next comes one of the most popular song sequences  ever created.  This operatic opus reveals the brilliant passion and ability  for song-writing ability of the late Freddie Mercury.  Just simply amazing.   Colorful and full of incredibly diverse and unique lyrics, this part of  the song is so popular that it was karaoked on the 1992 film, &quot;Wayne's  World.&quot;  Finally after a minute or so of spectacular vocals, the song  transforms into a hard-rock song with again amazing vocals and instrument  playing.  After a period of raging vocals and spectacular guitar playing,  the song again transforms, this time into a mellow, soft, and sad piece  which is the perfectly fitting ending to this perfect opus and display of  Queen's vocal and instrumental ability.  Next is the classic ending to this  CD(And to concerts), &quot;God Save the Queen&quot;.  Although no vocals  are in this song, it is still a powerful ending to a spectacular CD.   Finally, the remixes come.  They really don't make the CD any better.  In  fact, I usually skip over them as fast as I can.  But don't worry, this CD  will remain in your mind as nearly perfect.  Any way the wind blows.....
B00004U45G|5.0|It is a well known fact that, when performed by the best, rock music is  best experienced live. And folks, these guys are the best of the best, and  prove it on this album. The Black Crowes, voted &quot;Most Rock 'N' Roll  band&quot; by Rolling Stones, team up with guitar GOD Jimmy Page to put out  the hardest hitting rock album of the year. First off, this has GOT to be  the best sounding, most well-mixed live album I have ever heard. The sound  engineers should be given BIG props for this one. The whole band sounds  absolutely HUGE, as if they're 20 feet tall (unlike the next closest thing  to this album, The Song Remains The Same, which features a very thin  sounding Zeppelin recording.), and all the guitars (Page, Rich Robinson,  the most underrated guitarist of our time, and Audley Freed) are high in  the mix, since they are, indeed, the highlight of the show. Page is on fire  the whole show, performing incredible solos on Heartbreaker (especially  when the rest of the band comes in... TONS of power there), Oh Well, etc.  But the highlight of the show, to me, is Ten Years Gone. On this track,  Page finally realizes his creation in it's entire glory live onstage, with  the aid of two other guitarists. This version absolutely blows away the  studio version (and any Zep bootleg versions you may have heard) with it's  triple-headed guitar assault. Chris Robinson does a fine job on all the  songs, not trying to sound like Plant but doing his own thing within the  limits of the songs. Overall, a must buy.
0553579908|5.0|George Martin once again pulls you into the complex, detailed world of  Winterfell and beyond - filled with political intrigue, incest, war, and  murder...not to mention magic and &quot;walking dead&quot; beyond the ice  wall. His finely threaded story contains plots within plots.  These same  story threads are masterfully written to make them difficult to intuitively  grasp - making this a book you can't put down &quot;until you find out what  happens in the end&quot;.
B00004WGAI|3.0|I absolutely adore this version of Jane Eyre.  I've watched it several  times on PBS, and was excited for a chance to buy a video version. However,  in order to fit the program on two tapes, scenes have been ommitted from  the original production.  That disappointed me greatly.  I'm in hopes that  it will re-run on PBS again so I can have the full-blooded version.
B0000024ZT|5.0|Greetings From Asbury Park served notice that there was a new musical  force on the scene.  On his debut, Bruce showed he was the best songwriter  to come along since Bob Dylan.  The album kicks off with the musical tounge  twister &quot;Blinded By The Light&quot; that showed Bruce wasn't a typical  singer-songwriter.  The song has a funky riff and is replete with horns.  &quot;Spirit In The Night&quot; introduced the E Street sound and is a  precursor to the character oriented songs that would appear later on Born  To Run &amp; Wild.  &quot;Does This Bus Stop at 82nd St?&quot; is fun and  &quot;For You&quot; is a rare rock song about suicide.  &quot;Growin'  Up&quot; &amp; It's So Hard To Be A Saint In The City&quot; show early  signs of Bruce's &quot;Tramp&quot; persona.  &quot;Lost In The Flood&quot;  is the great forgotten Bruce song and is as good a song as he has ever  recorded.  While Greetings is uneven at points (&quot;Mary, Queen of  Arkansas' &amp; &quot;The Angel&quot;), it shows an artist who had a very  original sound and huge potential. It is great to throw it in the cd player  and hear a young, raw and hungry Bruce Springsteen and listen to where it  all started.
B000001Y5J|4.0|it's like this...broken is the only really good nine inch nails album.  i  only read three reviews, but i noticed someone called trent reznor an  industrial god.  my only question is, WHO ARE YOU COMPARING HIM TO?  lemme  list a few other industrial bigwigs: the biggest - Sascha Konietzko, Al  Jourgenson, Ogre, Raymond Watts and if you really wanna stretch it, Rhys  Fulber.  the only area i can really give trent credit in, is that he is  very talented, musically...meaning he plays a lot of instruments, and plays  them pretty well...an industrial god he is not.  you want industrial god, i  suggest you check out KMFDM's 'NIHIL', MDFMK, Ministry's 'Land of Rape and  Honey' and Skinny Puppy's 'Re-mix Dystemper' (it's a re-mix album, but hey,  it's great).  i hope i've provided a bit of education, and made a few  people angry...go get some of that stuff from Napster to check out before  you buy it...i promise, it's better.  Unless, of course, you wanna wallow  in self-pity.
0446605409|5.0|With this novel, Nelson DeMille creates a page-turner, Detective John  Corey is witty, smart, and humorous.  The kind of hero that you want to see  again and again.  This book combines humor, suspense, romance, and a whole  lot more all in one.
052594527X|4.0|Griet, the protagonist of Tracy Chevalier's &quot;Girl With a Pearl  Earring&quot; is very much like the girl in Vermeer's painting of the same  name--keeping her own counsel, beautiful, and a bit enigmatic. The reader  eventually comes to know some things about Griet--the color of her hair for  example. We know only a bit more about her thoughts, motivations, and  actions. Why is she so bold at times? Imagine a mere serving girl  rearranging Vermeer's artifacts set out for a painting--especially after  being warned not to do so by the Mistress of the household! And, she never  really confesses directly how she feels about Vermeer. I can only think of  &quot;The Prime of Miss Jean Brodie&quot; -- does she desire the man or the  artist? And, speaking of enigmas, I still don't know much about Vermeer.<br />  The girl in Vermeer's painting is unlike anything else he ever created.  For one thing, while many of the sitters for his paintings can be  identified, and the yellow satin cape with the ermine trim shows up over  and over, the girl in this painting remains a mystery. According to  &quot;Johannes Vermeer&quot; printed by the National Gallery in Washington,  &quot;The Girl..&quot; has proven difficult to identify because there is no  parallel for her clothing with contemporary Dutch fashions. Also, the  concept of the painting is very different from the other interior genre  scenes Vermeer painted. &quot;The Girl..&quot; exists against a backdrop of  black. And, the skin tones of &quot;The Girl.. are created by  &quot;layering a thin flesh-colored glaze over a transparent  undermodeling&quot; something apparently Vermeer had not done in any of his  other paintings and did not do as well in later paintings.  He seems to  have been truly inspired by this girl. Who was she?<br />Chevalier attempts to  draw her own portrait of the girl. Her story is compelling, evolving not  unlike Vermeer's painting, where overlay after overlay of color is used to  build the subject's image. The plot is not complex.  The book could have  been titled &quot;two years in the life of Vermeer's sitter of the girl  with the pearl earring.&quot;  Speaking of which, the book can be easily  read in two sittings.<br />Two recently released books involving a Dutch  painting: &quot;The Girl in Hyacinth Blue&quot; by Susan Vreeland and  Michael Frayn's book &quot;Headlong&quot; have been compared with &quot;The  Girl With a Pearl Earring.&quot;  For me, &quot;The Girl..&quot; by  Chevalier is better than &quot;Blue..&quot; by Vreeland, but Michael  Frayn's book is the best. Different strokes...s image. The plot is not complex.  The book could have  been titled &quot;two years in the life of Vermeer's sitter of the girl  with the pearl earring.&quot;  Speaking of which, the book can be easily  read in two sittings.  <br />Two recently released books involving a Dutch  painting: &quot;The Girl in Hyacinth Blue&quot; by Susan Vreeland and  Michael Frayn's book &quot;Headlong&quot; have been compared with &quot;The  Girl With a Pearl Earring.&quot;  For me, &quot;The Girl..&quot; by  Chevalier is better than &quot;Blue..&quot; by Vreeland, but Michael  Frayn's book is the best. Different strokes...
B000002KON|5.0|I like the album.  Wasn't that impressed when I first heard it back in  '70.  Maybe a bit uneven, though there's lots of great stuff on it.What I  want to say is that Shangri-La is the only song I've ever heard that almost  invariably makes me cry.  I don't cry easily.  It's got to be one of the  best songs ever written to have that effect.  It reminds me of my family,  and probably of yours, too.
B0000025T6|5.0|After The River became Bruce's first number one album, &quot;Hungry  Heart&quot; became his first top ten song and a hugely successful world  tour, one would expect his next album to be in a similar vein to keep up  the momentum.  Instead of a River clone, Bruce did a complete 180 and  released the dark, brooding Nebraska.  Bruce at the time was listening to  Woody Guthrie and other depression era folk &amp; blues artists and this  album reflects those sounds. The album consists basically of just an  acoustic guitar and harmonica and explores subjects such as murder, crime,  loss and loneliness.  The songs are all sung in the first person and that  gives them an intimacy that is rarely felt from an album.  Bruce would  explore dark subjects on later albums (&quot;Born In The USA&quot; was  original recorded for this album), but he never recorded them in such a  bare and stark nature.  On this album, Bruce asks alot of questions and  dares you to search for answers.  The search is well worth the time and  effort.
B00004TL21|5.0|was that real? was that guy serious? have you people read what that guy  wrote?? 'kings of rock POD told me to vote for it' 'only reason i didn't  give it a one is because Carson likes it'...ARE PEOPLE REALLY LIKE THAT???  oh...my...i've officially lost all hope in the human race...TRL guy, you've  pushed me to suicide...goodbye cruel world
0399143904|2.0|I've been an avid Tom Clancy fan for years now, ever since reading Red  October; my personally library contains all of his books, and in all the  time I've read his work, I've never been disappointed.  Until now.<br />Sorry  folks, some of you may disagree, but Rainbow Six is not even close to being  up to par with any of Mr. Clancy's previous works.  I'm going to go out on  a limb here, but I'd venture to say that this book was simply shoved out  the door in an effort to create, and take advantage of, the publicity  surrounding the release of the software game of the same name.<br />Let me  point out that I have -never- been disappointed by a Clancy novel before.   Even the germ warfare plot of Executive Orders, while already overdone in  the media, was handled well enough that I thoroughly enjoyed that book.   Rainbow Six comes across as so weak that I have serious reservations about  whether Clancy actually wrote this book himself.  (No offense, Mr. Clancy,  but honestly it just isn't up to your normally high standards.)  This is  the first time I've ever read a Clancy book, then wanted to get my money  back.  Here's hoping the next title will be back on track.
B000003RCY|5.0|I know all the other reviews say &quot;better than Sehnsucht&quot;, and  they're right. While Sehnsucht is a wonderful cd, Herzeleid is much more  powerful. The guitar riffs are fantastic and the added keyboards are a  great touch. You can listen to the entire album without a single  disappointment. Although, I must say that Seemann startled me at first. I  had to skip through the song a little before I was sure that it was  Rammstein. While the mellow parts sound very uncharacteristic of Rammstein,  its still a great song (although maybe a little wierd) and becomes very  heavy by the end. All in all, its a fantastic cd, and if you like Sehnsucht  at all, you must buy this.
B00003CWTI|5.0|frequently reffered to as malongia this film is masterpiece of films  making. so its long? what, is a film a chore for you to sit  through? you  want sumimin short watch tv, you want a film in the 3 hour limit, this is  for you, why should you complain, this is the most value for money you can  get in a film.<br />Its not a colleciton of stories with lots of characters,  its ONE story, the film wouldn't be whole without anything in it, when you  watch it, you may think its long yes, who doesn't, but you can't find  anything you could take out, because its pure genious.<br />After boogie  nights critics were p-iling up to smash PTA but he socked em in the nose  with magnolia, a pure treat, with some of the most wonderful acting in  years. Soecial nods to tom cruise for pulling off the ultimate chauvenist  frank tj mackey and john c reilly for his nervous yet focused cop who has  finally foudn love again?<br />aimee mans moving songs thorughout the film are  soul marking, you won't forget them, or their impact you feel while  watching, ideally htis film was meant for the big screen, but dvd is a  close as you can get and thats as close as you need to see its  beauty.<br />best film of 99? i'd say so yes, if not , maybe fight club, but  one thing is sure, that 'play on film' american beauty didn't deserve what  it won at the oscars, but who wants an oscar these days? <br />yes its long,  yes its value for moeny, yes its one of the most engrossing films of the  decade. you could say its one of the most realistic films for human life  today, and after seeing the film, if it happend in amovie you wouldn't  believe it, but would you believe it, when it rains it pours?
B000000OSO|4.0|Aerosmith!<br />Aerosmith, after falling out of the spotlight in the late  '70s, being thrust back in in the mid-'80s, and falling out again shortly  after the 1989 essential album _Pump_, released _Get A Grip_ in 1992 (or  was it '93?) as a way of reminding people they were still around.<br />Some of  the tracks on this album have become instant Aerosmith classics. There's  the lecturing rocker on morality &quot;Livin' On The Edge,&quot; or the  damning of the wealthy and snobbish in &quot;Eat The Rich&quot; (topped off  by an exuberant burp). What got real airplay, though, were the ballads, of  which a whopping three are present -- &quot;Cryin',&quot;  &quot;Crazy,&quot; and &quot;Amazing&quot;. &quot;Cryin'&quot; and  &quot;Crazy&quot; are easily two of the worst songs Aerosmith ever spit  out, but &quot;Amazing&quot; is quite passable as a power ballad. (The  ending guitar solo doesn't hurt, either.) Barring those two songs, the  album leaves little to be desired. You got your rock (&quot;Livin' On The  Edge&quot; and &quot;Eat The Rich&quot;), along with the token &quot;drugs  are bad, mmmkay?&quot; song (in this case, &quot;Fever&quot;). There's the  witty, &quot;Walk This Way&quot;-reminiscent &quot;Get A Grip,&quot; as  well as the dance-friendly upbeat &quot;Line Up&quot; and &quot;Shut Up And  Dance&quot;. <br />Is this Aerosmith's best album? No, not by a long shot. But  if you were to dismiss it for the ballads alone, that's wrong... the rest  is more than worth the price of admission.
B00000JZIK|5.0|This is one of a few select movies I've ever seen that made me want to see it again immediately after I saw it for the first time (Fight Club, Sixth Sense, Kundun, Goodfellas, Bladerunner being others...).  The whole movie  drew me in with the masterful acting by Byrne, Del Toro, and (sorry  American Beauty fans) the performance of Spacey's career that won him his  first oscar.  The movie enticed me to figure out its intracacies, to try to  make my own assumptions about the convoluted story, and make my decision on  who the infamous Keyser soze was.<br />It continued along, foggy enough to  keep me guessing, but intriguing enough to be brilliant.  And then, THE  ENDING.  The end of this movie (I wouldn't dare give it away) is the single  finest cinematic moment ever. Period.  I don't care about Rosebud or  &quot;Here's lookin' at you kid&quot; or any one of the many scenes in The  Godfather.  The end of the Usual Suspects is AMAZING.  I missed it in the  theatre so I had to watch it at home.  I was alone and I literally stood up  out of my seat and said, WOW!  If you have not seen this scene you are  cheating yourself.<br />I have seen this movie too many times to count.  Each  time engenders a new appreciation for Brian Singer's masterful directing  and the accross the board good acting.  A must see.  One of the two best  movies of the Nineties (along with Schindler's List)<br />as  always<P  milo
0960191038|5.0|Not so easy to learn &amp; use in real-life. But it worth the effort  because once you get used to that, you benefit it life-long on your writing  &amp; problem solving technique. The content is someties theoretical but  there is good enough reason behind it.
630575067X|5.0|The first time I saw this movie in the theatre I was just totally blown  away. Everything happens so fast that you have to see it more than once to  take everything in. The special effects were absolutely the best I've ever  seen--Jar Jar Binks was amazing (more about Jar Jar follows). It's a total  farce that The Matrix STOLE the special effects oscar from The Phantom  Menace! The Matrix used special effects rampantly and just as filler for an  otherwise mediocre story, while The Phantom Menace actually used special  effects to tell a real story. <br />Before I'd seen Episode 1, I'd only seen  the first Star Wars movie, which I thought was kind of so-so. I must say  that Episode 1 is what made me a Star Wars fan! The people that don't like  this movie obviously are too narrow-minded to accept anything different  than the Star Wars movies they saw when they were kids. There has been some  whining about the &quot;lack of character development&quot; and &quot;bad  acting,&quot; but this is complete nonsense. The acting fits perfectly into  the context of the movie and the character development is subtle, but  extrememly believable. The story is also very realistic and well conceived,  contrary to what some people say.<br />Now, onto my favorite part of the film,  Jar Jar Binks. Not only did I feel that Jar Jar was a magnificent work of  art, but I also found him to be the most human character in the movie. He  is the kind of character that everybody should be able to relate to because  he acts like most of us would if we were put in his situation--he gets  scared. I also like him because he is sooooo cute and loveable. In fact, I  love him so much that I've bought a life-sized statue of him! People who  hate him need to see a psychiatrist to figure out how they could hate  something so sweet and innocent. How could anybody hate such a cute guy?
B000002B35|5.0|This album was my introduction to Pink Floyd. I consider this to be the  second greatest bandof all time. I suppose I am partial because this was my  first exposure to this awe-inspiring band, but I don't think any fan should  go without this cd.
B000001FT0|3.0|After the smash success of 1980's &quot;Arc of a Diver,&quot; this album  is something of a dissappointment.  Only &quot;Valerie&quot; and &quot;Help  Me Angel&quot; are up to the standards of the previous album.  Winwood's  smooth pop delivery starts to sound forced and mechanical after awhile.  Perhaps this is why it took him four years to release his next album, the  far superior &quot;Back in the High Life.&quot;  &quot;Talking Back to the  Night&quot; is a weak link between two success stories.
B0000021RL|5.0|Chicago were never better than they were here. They could never quite top  themselves after 7 (although X does come close). That balance between pop  and experimental music...so perfectly executed...belongs in the same league  with David Crosby's &quot;If I Could Only Remember My Name&quot;<br />Sadly,  Chicago was never the same since Terry Kath died. He was unique and  irreplaceable. Listening to such dreck as &quot;Hot Streets&quot; and  &quot;Chicago 14&quot; only makes me miss him even more.  They did make a  comeback with &quot;Chicago 17&quot;, but that fell apart after Peter  Cetera's departure. <br />If you're new to Chicago's music, the best albums to  get are &quot;Chicago Transit Authority&quot;, &quot;II&quot;.  &quot;III&quot;, &quot;V&quot;, &quot;VI&quot; and this album. That is the  cream of the crop. The other albums are variable, from &quot;good&quot; to  awful, depending on your point of view. &quot;13&quot; is a good disco  album.
6304504012|5.0|This is my favorite film.  I thought Madonna was amazing in her portrayal  of Peron.  Her body language matched her character's emotions, her eyes  were shy or seductive, depending on the moment, and her voice is strong  throughout.  I couldn't imagine anyone else playing Peron; based on the  documentaries that I've seen, Madonna was made to look identical to the  real Eva Peron.  I love the songs and the melodies, and find the lyrics to  be very clever.  I really like how the melodies are carried throughout the  entire musical, so that there are only really a few melodies that are  played in different ways, bringing a theme of commonality to the entire  production.
0789302691|5.0|This book is great for any Pearl Jam fan.  It has various pictures of all  the band members.  I got my copy of this book free from Best Buy when I  bought the latest Pearl Jam album Binaural (that was back in May). However,  if you buy it it would be worth the money.   The book's photos are creative  and they are from different years.  Great photography.  It would be an  awesome gift for a Pearl Jam fan.
B000021YCI|4.0|Bizzarely, &quot;Deguello&quot; is the one pre-&quot;Eliminator&quot;  album the band left off their &quot;Six Pack&quot; remastered anthology  album.  That is hard to fathom, because it happens to be one of their  strongest releases.  &quot;I Thank You&quot; is the best cover song the  band ever performed while &quot;She Loves My Automobile,&quot; &quot;I'm  Bad, &quot;I'm Nationwide&quot; and &quot;Cheap Sunglasses&quot; are among  the best original songs they ever produced.  The rest of the record is  standard Top filler material, which isn't bad in and of itself.  Overall,  an excellent effort that should not be overlooked by fans.
B000000OU0|5.0|A FRIEND OF MINE PUT THIS ON FOR DINNER MUSIC ONE NIGHT, THAT'S WHEN I  KNEW I HAD TO HAVE IT. I'VE BEEN AN EAGLES FAN FOR 25 YEARS AND HAVE  ENJOYED ALL THEIR MUSIC BUT THIS ONE TOPS THEM ALL. IT HAS ALL THE FAVORITE  SONGS THAT WE ALL KNOW, HOTEL CALIFORNIA, DESPERADO, TEQUILA SUNRISE AND  MORE. THE ACOUSTICS AND THE INSTRUMENTALS ARE UNBELIEVABLE. IT'S A MUST  HAVE CD.
6305910103|4.0|This new release of the succesful edtion of the Star Trek movie franchise  is truly the best of the bunch. From the Shatner/Montalban war on who can  chew up more scenery with their acting to the special effects by ILM, this  is a definite must see for even non-fans of the series.  Any complaints at  all would only be for the sound quality which is a little below par for a  DVD edition and the lack of extra materials. This edtion only contains a  trailer and the standard scene selection.
B000002KJQ|4.0|&quot;Tres Hombres&quot; is much rawer than &quot;Eliminator&quot;-era ZZ  Top, and that's a good thing.  After two fairly unexceptional blues  dominated albums, the boys from Tejas come into their own on  &quot;Hombres&quot;  the album kicks off with the great double bill tracks  &quot;Waitin' for the Bus&quot; and &quot;Jesus Just Left Chicago.&quot;  By the latter half, &quot;Move on Down the Line,&quot; the classic &quot;La  Grange&quot; and the bizzare &quot;Shiek&quot; are all gems.  The rest of  the material is standard Top filler, which is to say not bad.  Among Top's  1970s releases, this is the first one to own.
B000005QH3|4.0|I love this movie, like the other reviewers, so I got the VHS tape AND  bought an &quot;official&quot; 1/18 Burago model, very realistic, but it  has the 426 Hemi (not a 440)!  (So which engine did it really have?)   Includes a dealer sheet for the car sold through a Santa Fe dealer, and has  one NM plate and one CO plate!???  <br />He WAS a hero, a good cop, a good  racer, but his surfer girlfriend led him into drugs and a life leading to  ruin.  Typical of many in that era (which I survived without drugs, and I'm  52 now, in Sep. 2000).<br />Anyway, at the beginning, it is 10:02 AM Sunday,  and he vanishes as he passes an oncoming car.  At the end, it is 10:04 AM  Sunday, and he crashes into the bulldozers.  My private interpretation: at  10:02, he &quot;vanished&quot; in his sleep-deprived and  &quot;speed&quot;-warped mind, so he thought he had vanished from the sight  of the police.  (There was no hint that he was suicidal.) Somehow, this  also meant to him that he could not be touched, so he figured he could  drive right through the dozers, they would not see him or hurt him, and he  would be home free. As they say, &quot;speed&quot; kills.<br />Seeing anyone  die, even in a movie, should remind all of us that we will die someday --  we have all sinned, so we all need Jesus as our Savior and Lord.  Ask Him  to forgive all your sins and be the Lord (Master) of your life.  He will  make you a brand-new person, and he will give you His eternal life, in  peace with Him, God the Father, and the Holy Spirit, forever.
B00003CXDG|1.0|Just when you thought Tom Cruise might make a decent movie after the &quot;Eyes Wide Shut&quot; debacle.  Well, it didn't happen.  If your into  guns, guns, guns, and more guns and unrealistic disguises, then this movie  might be good enough for you.  This movie has the age old plot of the bad  guy wants lots of $$ and destroy the world in the process.  The only cool  part of the movie has to deal with the motorcycle chase, in which are  totally impossible to do some of these tricks.  Personally this movie is  not worth the cost to make the actual dvd.
0060194995|5.0|&quot;It is a sin to kill a mockingbird.&quot;  This book is about  justice, and conscience... it is about race, and bigotry... it is about  courage, and cowardice... it is about values of the family, and the culture...  it is about humanity.   The novel speaks through the 8-year-old voice of  Scout Finch, the youngest child of a widower, Atticus Finch.  There are two  stories being told.  One story is about Scout, her older brother Jem and  their summertime friend Dill Harris as they pass three summers together in  a small town in Alabama, when they focused much of their energy on a  reclusive, neighbor, Boo Radley.  The other story is about the trial of Tom  Robinson, a black man accused of raping a white woman in 1930's Alabama.   Atticus is appointed to represent the accused.  The seamless writing brings  both stories together in perfect accord by the conclusion.<br />At first it  would seem unbelievable that \\"To Kill a Mockingbird\\" was written by a  Southern author, but upon reflection, it could have only been written by  someone from the South.  Harper Lee had one incredible story to tell and  she told it well.  Don't read this novel for inventiveness.  Read it for  the near perfect writing.  Read it to be moved.  Read \\"To Kill a  Mockingbird\\" because it is a sin not to.
0805062971|5.0|Just buy it. At least the movie didn't totally mangle this perfect book.  The first rule of fight club is: YOU DON'T QUOTE THE MOVIE!
0446608955|5.0|I read this book in one night.  It was so great I could not put it down.   I had to get up in the middle of the night to go into another room to  finish the book because I was crying and did not want to wake up my  husband.  This was a true romance book.
6305177473|1.0|I HATE the new Parent trap.It's boring,useless and can't even compare with  the original.Annie and Hallie's differences are only visible in the  remake,if you look closely in the original you can see that Sharon is  extremely naive and innocent while Susan is more alert to the real  world.Also I can find there is no real spark between Dennis Quaid and  Natasha Richardson like there is between Maureen O'Hara and Brian Keith in  '61.Camp Inch was also much more lively and fun than Camp Walden is in '98.
B000002G60|5.0|The song &quot;Birth-day&quot; can be listened to as a description of the  struggle to change old feelings into new, calmer ones; it seems to me that  it's about trying hard to lay bare long-time suffering, such as the feeling  of not being loved.<br />Then, the song &quot;Headshots&quot; also has a  rather serious theme. I would say that it's about having a recurring  thought,which makes you feel like you've been &quot;shot in the head&quot;  (?).<br />&quot;Stockings&quot;, with its &quot;self-assured music&quot; :),  has a more &quot;frivolous&quot; theme.
B00004SCX6|5.0|I want everybody to stop being so mean to Britney. She has gotten very far  in the world (Yes, I realize how.) but it doesn't matter because despite  her inability to sing without a machine nearby, her music still has a nice  sound. (Uh, as long it's not a live concert.) She does sing about other  stuff than love. &quot;Lucky&quot; is wonderful, about a movie star, and  she looks nice in the video. So, stop being so mean to her, she never did  anything to you! If you don't like her WHY did you go to all the time to  write a bad review? The CD is great, buy it right now and quit beefing  about it!
0440234743|3.0|This is a good book to read when you have a long plane ride, are going on  vacation, or just have some time to kill.  The book starts off strong and  keeps your interest most of the way through, although the last 100 pages  are a bit slow and let you down after the fun read of the first part of the  book.  The book is still worth the read.     The strong point of the book  is the main character who is interesting enough to keep you interest even  when things slow down at the end.  Also, I appreciated the positive and  realistic portrayal of religious faith Grisham gives us.  Christianity is  not glamorized, but it isn't beat up on either like it usually is in books  and movies.  As a Christian missionary who is moving to Dourados, Brazil, I  found this depiction of faith refreshing.     This book can be a great read  if you let it be what it should:  A fun way to pass the time and keep you  entertained.  Just be ready for the (boring) ending.
B000002U9Y|5.0|I am a BIG fan of Pink Floyd and I must admit the pre-Dark Side era has so  much more to offer!! It's been a long time since Dark Side, Wish, The Wall,  etc found a place in my stereo system. Nothing against these albums!! (i'm  a BIG fan of these guys) Wish still stands as one of my fav, though. But  the early Floyd is sooo much more haunting, catching... I can't stop  listening to Meddle, Ummagumma, Atom!! Well, speaking about Saucerful...  Great album (lol)! One bad aspect, the sound quality is poor, so a first  time listener may not see the grandeur behind it... Well, for die-hard fans  that's not a problem at all! <br />&quot;Let There Be More Light&quot; is very  mystical, but what I like most in it is when they say: &quot;...and there  revealed in flowing robes was LUCY IN THE SKY&quot;!!!! &quot;Remember A  Day&quot; is very gentle, sung by Rick Wright. &quot;Set The  Controls&quot;, Roger Waters seems to be very proud of his psychedelic  piece, the band played it every single live appearance, I don't see so much  grandeur in it, sometimes it gets boring (forgive me, die-hards and  Waters). &quot;Corporal Clegg&quot; is weird, funny i'd say, don't play it  at high vol, it frightens people. &quot;Saucerful&quot;, their first  &quot;epic&quot;, divided in two basic parts: noise (you gotta see it in  &quot;Live At Pompeii&quot;!!) and beauty, this second part giving me  chills in the spine. &quot;See-Saw&quot;, very gentle and also sung by  Rick. &quot;Jugband Blues&quot; is Syd's goodbye to the band and fans, very  sad lyrics. <br />Overall, Saucerful is one more jewel, but only those  familiarized with Floyd's saga will fully aprecciate this delightful piece  of fine art.
B00000J7JO|4.0|Not being a big RHCP fan, I thought I'd give this one a try.  Catchy songs  (Scar-tissue and Otherside) certainly catch my attention, however, the  recording is sub-par (technically speaking).  The mixing is not too hot,  nor is the recording, which makes the listening experience not as enjoyable  as it could be.  Fix that and they get 5 stars from me!!
B000002KMY|5.0|From the very beggining of the explosive &quot;Turn Up The Night&quot; to  the last seconds of the haunting &quot;Over And Over&quot;, Mob Rules is  for sure the highest point in Dio's era. It's much better than Heaven And  Hell for it's more agressive and consistent. &quot;Sign Of The Southern  Cross&quot; is one of the greatest Sabbath anthems ever.
B000002UYZ|5.0|I'm only 16 and I feel this is the best album of The Beatles I've heard. I  have the Red Album, The Blue Album and the Yellow Submarine.  I like mostly  their older stuff.  That's probably I like this album so much.
B000002HPV|5.0|The first single from Homogenic was the song &quot;Joga,&quot; a  dedication to the wonders of pregnancy.  The song undulates with a rousing,  most of all exhilirating symphony, the strings becoming the transportation  for the song (and the listener). The other Homogenic songs carry the same  kind of transportational quality. <br />Bjork's sincere lyrics are the  mechanisms for her songs, and are showcase in other songs such as  &quot;Hunter,&quot; (&quot;If travel is searching / and home what's been  found / I'm not stopping.&quot;) and &quot;All Neon Like.&quot;  While  you're not going to find anything as show-stopping as &quot;It's Oh So  Quiet,&quot; Homogenic has many other strengths such as its exploration of  love.  &quot;All Is Full of Love&quot; which was also remixed on the  Stigmata soundtrack is a aural marvel.  Bjork's voice splits and weaves all  through the song, and while the hypersonic background will sometimes make  you cover your ears, you'll want to turn up the volume even louder.  The  climax of &quot;All Is Full Of Love&quot; is full of emotion; the first  time you hear it, tears will fall.  &quot;Immature&quot; repeats the same  verse over an almost church choir/organ/bells background while showcasing  Bjork's trademark growl.  Each song is uniquely different from the next,  yet as the title suggests, the same.<br />As dark and moody as Homogenic is,  Bjork still manages to maintain her unique quirks, vocal and personal.  In  &quot;Alarm Call&quot; she waxes enlightenment and her walkman.  Homogenic,  which should have won the Grammy two years ago, is a masterpiece,  nonetheless.  And now that Selmasongs is soon to come out, Bjork will again  wow us and shock us...
B0000019PA|5.0|It's amazing what a talented man can do with just his voice and an  acoustic guitar. Oh, there's much more than that on this instrumentally  rich album, but it really boils down to Jeff Mangum's words, the emotion in  his voice and the seemingly ever-present acoustic guitar. First, the words.  Mangum's lyrics are vague enough to allow the listener to apply his or her  own meanings to most songs. Does anybody know the official definition of  &quot;The King of Carrot Flowers&quot; or &quot;Two-Headed Boy&quot;? No,  but we all come up with our own meanings after hearing these songs. And  although many of the words are open to interpretation, they're interwoven  with blunt and obvious descriptions (&quot;Your mom would drink until she  was no longer speaking; your dad would dream of all the different ways to  die, each one a little more than he would dare to try.&quot;). And the  final words on the album, &quot;But don't hate her when she gets up to  leave,&quot; hit painfullly close to home for those of us who have lost a  woman we've loved. Second, the emotion. Mangum probably doesn't fancy  himself to be a talented singer, but few vocalists convey as much emotion  as he does. He can wail, sing and shout all at the same time, and all  without damaging the delicate feelings that his songs convey. Third, the  guitar. It's the musical detail that makes this album among the finest ever  made, but strip away all of the strings, horns, bells and whistles and  you're left with a guitar and voice that could do all of the work by  themselves. If Mangum released an acoustic version of this album featuring  just him and his guitar, it still would pack more punch than anything else  released on the great Elephant 6 label (this actually was released on the  Merge label, but Neutral Milk Hotel is part of the Elephant 6  collective).<br />Give this album at least two listens before making any  judgments. It didn't hit me till the second listen, but then, it was like a  strong painkiller kicking in and numbing a long-troubling ache. That's how  soothing it is. The songs rock out in some spots - check out the romping  &quot;Holland, 1945&quot; and the oh-so-tasty dropoff into the comforting  and soft &quot;Communist Daughter,&quot; perhaps the album's best track -  but an overall feeling of sadness and longing washes over the listener  regardless of the tempo. Such is the power of Mangum's songwriting.
B00003CWTI|1.0|Im struggling for words after having wasted 3 hours watching this film.  Words like self indulgent, sophomoric, embarassing all come to mind - the  only unintentional highlight of this film is when everyone started singing  along to the Aimee Mann song - was this supposed to be some kind of  epiphany the characters were all experiencing collectively? Was this movie  supposed to be a musical? PT Anderson is also the director of Boogie Nights  and much of the cast is the same. If you found Boogie Nights tedious at  least it was bound by some timeline and story -neither are present in  Magnolia. Did i mention the charachters start breaking out and singing part  of the soundtrack about 2 hours into this mess?
0792835050|5.0|In the early days of WWII, a notorious German Spy, The Needle (Donald  Sutherland) travels abroad and collects vital information for the  wehrmacht.  In 1944, the tide is turned; and Germany now finds itself in a  defensive posture. The Germans are convinced that the allies are planning  an invasion of France. -- but where? <br />The Needle uncovers critical  information to indicate that the Allies are planning an invasion of  Normady.  Unfortunately for the Needle and Germany, on his way to  delivering this vital information, he gets stranded on a remote island.  At  this point in the film, director Richard Marquand shows his cunning and  artistic talents at convincingly weaving a supberb spy thriller and a  romance movie together as one.  <br />The Needle has to deliver his critical  information to Germany.  However, he cannot do so while stranded on the  island.  To complicate matters, the Needle now has romatic interests which  causes him to delay his mission.  But, at the same time, causes The Needle  great anxiety because he knows he has to relay his information to Germany.  The Needle knows that the fate of Germany rests in his hands.   <br />Sutherland plays the part of a notorious, ruthless, and cunning German  spy to absolute perfection.  You also see Sutherland struggle with himself  to complete his mission, and save Germany.  Kate Nelligan magnificently  plays the role of a woman torn between &quot;romance&quot; and &quot;duty  to her country.&quot; <br />This is not your typical James Bond or Matt Helm  flicks with all the well-shaped, beautiful women; fancy gadgets, and  explosive action.  Instead, Eye of the Needle is a good, old fashioned  (dare I say it!) &quot;Hitchcockian&quot; suspense thriller that will keep  you at the edge of your seats.   <br />This is an excellent movie. . . well  worth watching more than once.  This film rates more than a five. . . Its a  perfect 10.
B00003CWTI|2.0|Paul Thomas Anderson doesn't seem capable of exhibiting any hint of subtle filmmaking.  Whether he has someone paint their brains on a wall or have a  middle-aged couple engaged in doggystyle coitus, he reeks of shock from top  to bottom.<br />Not only on the surface, but his writing riddled with  profanity-per-second and over-the-top performances call more attention to  the fact that the viewer is watching a &quot;movie&quot;.  Julianne Moore's  performance in Magnolia almost made me forget how great she was in  &quot;End of the Affair&quot;.  Gone were any signs of a subtle and  meticulously constructed character.  She has never sounded more out of her  element, not even in &quot;Assassins&quot; did she seem to stretch so much.<br />The opening camerawork would have made Mr. Handheld himself, Lars Von  Trier, nauseaus.  Covering sets like a hyperactive kid without ritalin does  not say one iota more about the story...after 20 minutes, the camera  finally settles down long enough to give you a chance to watch the actors'  performances.<br />One amazing thing about this film is how the score enters  and simply does not know when to stop...if Paul Thomas Anderson had any  clue how to map out the beats in a story to music, he would have been able  to cut down the running time and tell the same story.  Instead, 30 minute  compositions, if you can call these hard dramatic eight measure loops that,  seem like an eternity of meandering dialogue.<br />Meandering, is indeed,  the word that sticks to this film.  In giving the film two stars instead of  one, I found a couple storylines interesting.  TJ Mackey (Cruise) shows the  film's only semblance of a character arc.  The interview and gradual  breakdown Cruise shows is believable.  And John C. Reilly's police  character shows exactly how perceptually limited a cop is by his &quot;just  say no&quot; mentality...assuming a black woman is guilty, and a white  woman who snorts coke in the next room over can be dated.  His  single-minded character could have come straight out of a Coen Bros. or  Lynch film.<br />If I want to see long-winded self-important monologues and  camerawork that aspires to Kubrick and Scorsese, I will watch the real  archetypes at work in the future.His  single-minded character could have come straight out of a Coen Bros. or  Lynch film.  <br />If I want to see long-winded self-important monologues and  camerawork that aspires to Kubrick and Scorsese, I will watch the real  archetypes at work in the future.
0783240503|2.0|I didn't like the video.  How could all Joseph's brothers be of a  different race?  Are we trying to be politically correct or WHAT?  Also I  wish Donny had kept his shirt on.  I was turned on by his hairy chest.   I  have seen this performed twice by groups other than Donny and co. and  enjoyed it so much more.  Give it up Donny!!
0679746048|5.0|Girl, Interrupted introduces you to Borderline Personality as well as to  Susanna as a teen-ager.  Would you decide not to sign in? Or would you  trust that the recommendation for signing into McLean Hospital was the  right thing to do?<br />Throughout this story, I wondered if the main  character really  was certifiable just as she was presented in the movie.    Unfortunately, I walked away with this: truth is what is recorded on papers  and reports, no matter what you believe.  <br />This is definitely a book  worth reading even if you saw the movie.
B0000399WI|5.0|So often movies get categorized as &quot;chick flicks&quot; or  &quot;action&quot; films and are assumed to have no appeal to the opposite  sex.  This movie is powerful and touching for anyone.  Whenever it is run  on a late night cable channel for the hundredth time, anyone in the room  yells, &quot;Stop!  I love that movie!&quot;  if I'm flipping by.  I cannot  say enough good things about the storyline and, having read the novella  many times, the adaptation is true to the plot.  This is a film that might  not seem to be a good &quot;date&quot; film on the surface, but would  actually be the perfect mix of the emotional as well as the physical side  of movie-making.  It's just the kind of movie that gives you goosebumps,  gives you teary eyes and makes you want to clap!  That's rare these days.
B00003CWOL|5.0|Dogma is one of the best examples of Kevin Smith's work to date.  Not  nearly as offensive as many expected it to be, it is not anti-religion, but  rather against blind faith and organized religion.  Terribly funny, but  also with the deeper message that religion is (and should be) deeply  personal, and that nothing and no one should stand between you and your  conception of god, this keeps you interested all the way to the really cool  conclusion.  (Alanis Morisette is God?!?)  Add in the awesome cast of  actors who really make Dogma work, this is a must see for anyone with an  open mind.
B00004TRD8|5.0|This is why they invented DVD. You take a great movie and you jam it so  full of extras that it takes you days to watch it all. You tweek the sound  so it blasts through your surround speakers as if you were watching it all  over again in the multiplex. You add additional footage in a special  edition that extends the movie by  twenty minutes. You gather ALL the stars  of the film and interview them about the process of making the movie and  everything that surrounded it. You would then have a DVD like TERMINATOR 2  THE ULTIMATE DVD. <br />In my previous reveiws, I was often dissapointed when  good films werent given the tweaking that I love with the DVD medium. This  is everything I hoped it would be and more. You know the story, now get the  extras. BUY THIS DVD!!!! (and while you are at it, buy it at amazon.com and  save yourself a couple of dollars).
B000002J27|5.0|&quot;A Trick Of The Tail&quot; marks Phil Collins debut as Genesis'  full-time lead singer, replacing Peter Gabriel, who left the group a year  earlier. Not only does Collins do a superb job on lead vocals, he is also a  seasoned pro on the drums. Collins has a more than capable supporting cast  in Tony Banks, Mike Rutherford and Steve Hackett. Together, the talents of  these four individuals reall shine on this CD. There are no standout track  here, and each one is a classic. How can you go wrong with the explosion  provided by &quot;Dance On A Volcano?&quot; &quot;A Trick Of The Tail&quot;  contains an equally impressive ballad titled &quot;Ripples&quot;, and  &quot;Robbery, Assault And Battery&quot; has somewhat of a comical side.  This CD also marks the first of a long line of pure instrumentals in  &quot;Los Endos&quot;, a rolicking, progressive piece of music. Please Buy  this CD, along with the group's follow-up &quot;Wind &amp; Wuthering&quot;.  Either or both of these CD's are a delight to have in your colection!
0783226063|4.0|I like the movie very much. However, aren't there two versions of DUNE. I  believe there was a longer version of DUNE that was about 30mins to an hour  longer. On DVD you would expect the longer version, what happened?  Still  very good, just wish they would come out with a complete version.
B00004T9UF|5.0|Eminem's recent album &quot;The Marshall Mathers LP&quot; is just sheer  brilliance! One of my personal favorites is &quot;Stan&quot; in which  Eminem writes of an overly-obsessed fan who writes to Eminem after he told  Stan he would respond to his letter when the two met at a concert. Stan  does write Eminem, but grows more and more aggravated when he does not  respond to his first couple of letters until he just loses all control.  This is one of the most artful and emotional tracks on the album that is  not as wild as the other tracks, especially &quot;Kim&quot; where Eminem  writes of going completely crazy after he just can't take any more of his  wife, Kim. He drives her out deep into the dark and deals with her good.  There are a couple of skits in this album which include &quot;Paul&quot;  who is an agent of Eminem's who is not really happy with the album,  &quot;Steve Berman,&quot; another dissapointed man with Eminem's album  tells him to change it or else..., &quot;Ken Kaniff,&quot; which tells  of.....you'll find that out when you hear the album. The album also  features which may be the most popular song: &quot;The Real Slim  Shady.&quot; Who HASN'T heard this song. &quot;The Real Slim Shady&quot;  was the first music video ever made by Eminem. He has now come out with a  new video from his album which is of the song &quot;The Way I Am.&quot; In  this song, Eminem makes it clear that he is what he is, and if you don't  like him, he just doesn't care. If you haven't already bought this album,  get up right now and buy it. I guarantee you, it will be worth the money.  Let's hope to see more of Eminem in the future.
B0000057C5|5.0|i downloaded the english version of du hast and my friend has the tape of  it he says you, you hate, you hate me, thats my point and im sticking to it
B00000DCHI|5.0|O.K.--so there may be a *few* missing titles here, but honestly the  breadth of this collection is astounding. This CD is one you will never  feel the need to trade-in, and it can truly stay in the changer  forever.<br />This is truly a compilation befitting an artist with Joel's  staying power.  For those of you who are casual Joel fans, buy it for  &quot;Piano Man,&quot; and be prepared to fall in love!
B00003CXIP|5.0|While some of the acting in this story is at times a little awkward, the  story and heart of this modern classic shine through at all times. This  flick has stood the test of time and is one of Rob Reiner's best films and  one of the best Stephen King adaptations.<br />River Phonenix, Wil Wheaton,  Corey Feldman, and Jerry O'Connell bring the characters to vivid life and  are all touching in their own way as they all learn a little of life and  themselves on their odyssey to claim the dead body of a dead kid their own  age who's been hit by a train.<br />Poignant observations on things that shape  our character while growing up, such as alienation, stereotypes, and  friendship give this affecting but funny story a sentimental and familiar  flavor that can take anyone back to their youth.<br />While perhaps a little  sappy at times, the syrup somehow works. <br />The DVD also has an excellent  documentary interview with Reiner, King, Wheaton, Feldman, and O'Connell  reflecting on the making of the movie. <br />A fine collection to anyone's  library.
B000002ADT|5.0|I must say that, while it seems cliche after reading all the reviews  before this one, that this is THE album to buy if you are curious about  jazz. I was in the beginning stages of being a jazz fan the first time I  listened to &quot;A Kind of Blue&quot;. This album moved me from the first  time I listened to it and continues to move me everytime since. I do not  have the trained ear of an avid jazz listener or musician but I could tell  from my first listen that this album was something special. Miles has the  ability to take me to another place that I'd rather not return from, most  of the time. I have turned many of my friends on to jazz and this album is  always the introduction.
