B00000JCB2|5.0|check it,If u ain't down with Limp Bizkit  i feel  sorry for u caus  Limp Bizkit rox!
6300216268|5.0|This is by far my favourite movie.  Each frame is a picture.  Each line is poetry.  Each song is magic. And the acting is unbelievable.
0385495315|5.0|This book reads like a novel, but keeps a very technical perspective.  I would recomend this book for anyone intrested in cryptology, followed by applied cryptography.<br />Awsome book
B000002WYT|5.0|I am usually a fan of mostly punk rock music and never realy liked Dave Matthews from the songs I had heard as singles (&quot;Too Much,&quot; &quot;Don't Drink the Water,&quot; ect.).  However, after a friend of mine  played me &quot;Two Step&quot; off of &quot;Listener Supported,&quot; I got  chills due to the vigorous emotion the song presented.  I immediately went  home and grabbed &quot;Crash&quot; from my mother's CD collection and  instantly was taken away after I popped the CD into my stereo.  I'm still  not a fan of &quot;Too Much,&quot; but the rest of the album had me  mesmerized by the powerful songwriting and flawless performance from the  band.  I never understood what the big fuss over the Dave Matthews Band was  all about; I just figured it was the newest fad, but now I understand.   After listening to the sound samples from the other albums, I definitely  plan to pick them up.  The Dave Matthews band is no fad.  They are just  going to continuously increase their fanbase as the years progress, and  upon hearing &quot;Crash,&quot; it's no wonder why.
B000002LCK|5.0|For the budding New Order fan, Substance is the perfect place to start.  It's got most of their well-known songs, and they're all wonderful.  Some get pretty lengthy, but once you get into the groove, which doesn't take  long, the length only adds to their charm.  Even a punk rock fan like me  can handle the eight and a half minute long &quot;Perfect  Kiss&quot;.<br />This is techno pop at its best, but don't limit it with your  preconceptions of everything that genre has to offer; these songs are  wonderfully layered, and have much to offer fans of any musical category.   <br />In short, if you are afraid of New Order becoming your favorite band,  don't buy this album.  But if you want to listen to one of the more  beautiful bits of music history, shell out the twenty-some-odd dollars and  start listening.  You'll be glad you did.
6300247120|5.0|Yes this film is gaylord, it officaill. all that running about and cycling and stuff this is super gay movie of world, america is gaylord and loves the whole gaylord thing. This film is like that other one, you know with  the kids in it and they do stuff, the one with the funny bad hairstyles and  denim.mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm<br />proberly swansea is bad place it is full of d  agros gaylords of welshdom<br />yes
B000003TA4|2.0|THIS is the best album of the 90s?  Sure, it was incredibly succesful and transformed the music scene.....but.....I have to let you know that the Backsreet Boys' debut also did this, and so did Follow the Leader.  Are  either one of these albums actually GOOD?  I do have to admit that our  friend from Aberdeen was able to write clever lyrics and occasionly good  (enough) music, but he wasn't that great of a musician.  (Although I love  his voice.)  <br />If you want &quot;grunge&quot; that is at all good, try  Nirvana's first album, Bleach, or any Alice In Chains albums, not to  mention Soundgarden.
B000002P74|5.0|If you're reading these reviews, you should start getting the picture about &quot;Second Helping&quot;... It's a must have!  Lynyrd Skynyrd is quickly becoming even more acknowledged as one of the tightest, bluesiest,  dirtiest, most agile and hardest rocking bands to emerge from the 70's.   Listening closely to every track on this recording, you can hear the  arranging and technical skill of the whole band while they seamlessly put  together one enjoyable song after another.  &quot;Second Helping&quot; gets  better and better with each listen!  Do yourself right with this one; buy  it, listen to it, get into it, and pretty soon you'll be wondering why you  haven't added this to your collection sooner!
B00001ZULV|4.0|In the interest of humanity, I wish! Wouldn't it be great if Genesis, at its musical peak during the Seventies, reunited, at LEAST for ONE new album and a tour! I'm not saying that the new Genesis, with Ray Wilson on vocals  is all that bad! And 'Congo', while not my favourite song from 'Calling All  Stations', is a pretty decent (not all that memorable) pop song. And who  can dispute the midas touch of Phil Collins? He has a penchant for writing  great pop songs. He took Genesis from a relatively unknown progressive rock  band with a small cult following and moved them into top 40 territory  during the Eighties and early Nineties.  If pop is what ya wanted - pop is  what ya got during the Phil era - except for his first two albums as lead  singer in 1976. Their move into the pop mainstream came in 1978 with the  release of '...And Then There Were Three...', which was a BIG  disappointment, except for perhaps a couple of songs like 'Deep In The  Motherlode' and 'Follow You, Follow Me'. 'The Carpet Crawlers 1999' is  fantastic - and I think it's even BETTER than the original! Imagine if  Banks, Collins, Gabriel, Hackett and Rutherford got back together - and  wrote music with REAL creativity and integrity - rather than just to sell!  They could afford to do it. Aren't they all millionnaires? It would be  nice, but I wouldn't hold your breath. 'Carpet Crawlers 1999' makes you  wish ... that they could get it out by Friday? There must be no delay!
B000001ESF|5.0|What is there to say about this record except that it is 100 percent unique?  From the explosive opening chords of the title track, the album lifts off like a Saturn V rocket, reaching esape velocity, then continuing  on to push the envelope with the listener firmly buckled in, completely in  awe and wonder like Dave in the end of 2001: A Space Odessey, experiencing  a wave of sound that shakes the listener to the core, inspiring and  humbling his soul to witness such a sonic feat, and finally bringing him  back to earth amidst a fiery, psychedelic shower of guitar feedback raining  down during the closing seconds of the piece.  And that's just side one!   If there is any album that is credited for showing people the genius of  Rush, this is it.  Like all genius, they are loved or hated.  And like all  genius, their effect will be felt long after they're gone.  If your music  collection is laying fallow, &quot;2112&quot; will fertilize and promote  growth.  Pick it up!
B00001ZUGJ|3.0|The movie is great, my problem is that with all the technology of today why don't they do like VHS movies and format the screen.  Maybe some of you actually like it in widescreen.  I don't.  You should be able to buy a DVD  movie in full screen version.
B00001ZUGJ|3.0|The movie is great, my problem is that with all the technology of today why don't they do like VHS movies and format the screen.  Maybe some of you actually like it in widescreen.  I don't.  You should be able to buy a DVD  movie in full screen version.
B00001ZUGJ|3.0|The movie is great, my problem is that with all the technology of today why don't they do like VHS movies and format the screen.  Maybe some of you actually like it in widescreen.  I don't.  You should be able to buy a DVD  movie in full screen version.
0061091480|5.0|I read this book when I was 21.  It changed my life.  I've given copies to many friends and family over the years.  Highly recommended! Thanks Dr. Dyer
0784011923|5.0|Put Terminator in your Top 25 of all time, Life Mag., do it now, if you want to live.  It has everything: story (true love, drama, and an unstoppable bulletproof cyborg with a hyperalloy combat chasis), great  acting, stunts, and some funked out '80s music.  This movie rocks.
0671578278|5.0|I've been an avid reader for 50+ years, and in all that time I can remember laughing out loud only 3 or 4 times while reading a book.  The dinner party scene in Vorkosigan House had me in stitches, and earned me  some strange looks from my wife.  Along with other reviewers, however, I  would caution you that for maximum enjoyment of this book you should really  work your way through the entire series.  Afer reading Komarr I  anxiously  awaited this sequel - I wasn't disappointed, and I eagerly look forward to  her next installment.  Lois is an outstanding writer, and over the years it  has been a joy to watch her growth.  Her handling of dialog and character,  while very good in her early works have steadily improved with every book  published.
6303140157|5.0|This movie was great in every way. I didnt consider it a Comedy exactly though but it did have some funny acts in it. I also considered it a DRAMA/COMEDY. It fits this topic best. Whoopi makes this movie good though.  Without her, this movie would get only 2 1/2 stars.
0783226063|4.0|Taking into account the scope of the book, and the fact that it would probably take six hours to make a movie that does the book justice, I have to say that de Laurentis did a marvelous job!  This film provides a visual  representation of the marvel that is DUNE, given the constraints of time  that are placed on film.  The storyline is strong, the emotion stirring,  and it leaves one remembering the entire movie: not just the exciting bits  and pieces...   A definate MUST SEE!
044022425X|5.0|Although I loved this book every bit as much as the three previous, I was dissappointed with it,...but only because I knew it was the last in the series, and that I would miss the characters. They became so REAL to  me,.........
B000002VCZ|4.0|Featured on the cover of this 1984 album is the alchemical Ouroboros serpent eating its own tail-a symbol for the cycles of nature.A tad 'lighter'than their previous output in the seventies,this album maintains  the same quality that one was accustomed to expect from Alan Parsons,Eric  Woolfson&amp;Co.:intelligent lyrics,well written songs permeated by vision  and capable of creating a great atmosphere.This was certainly one of the  best releases of 1984 and remains representative of that not yet equaled  creative 80's decade.
B0000025SB|5.0|I grow extremly tired of all you Roger Waters haters.  If you are a TRUE, and I stress true, Pink Floyd fan then grab thish CD with no delay.  This is a must for any Floyd collection.  Waters bears more of his poetic soul  for the masses in this album. Lyrically and emotionally moving.  I have  grown up with a never-dying hippie mother who made sure that I appreciated  The Pink Floyd Sound since the time I was five, so I'd like to think I have  a good understanding of PF.  If you are a hardcore fan of PF then grab The  Final Cut, Waters last PF album, with no delay.  Make sure you get all the  other, not so slandered, albums.<br />God Bless Pink Floyd,<br />D.A. Fletcher
0451167716|5.0|&quot;I don't do favors - I collect debts&quot;  Though the quote (which is an old Sicilian proverb) did not come from the Godfather, it captures the essence of Don Corleone's way of life. This book is difficult if not  impossible to put down and leaves one respecting and admiring (in a way, at  least) the mafia code and way of life. A must read for anyone who is  interested in the organization behind organized crime.
0385484518|5.0|This is an incredible story of a young man trying to find meaning in this fast-paced world which does not allow for time to think about what is really important.  Mich Albom actually came to my temple to speak and I was  so inspired by his story of his old college professor, Morrie, that I ran  to buy the book.  Once I began reading, I found that I couldn't put the  book down!  I have been searching for the meaning in my life for a long  time and this book truly helped me to get my priorities straight. All in  all, it is well written. Mich Albom brings Morrie's personality and wisdom  to life.  I came out of reading the book feeling that I really knew Morrie  and I was at his side listening to him. Please do not hesitate to buy this  wonderful book.  It incorporates a true, beautiful story and life's most  important lessons.
B000023VR6|5.0|For all the peepz out there that say Dre fell off, get this album, i guarentee he'll change your minds. Dre, once again, introduces us to a tight rapper... like he did with Snoop, Ice Cube, D.O.C., Eazy-E.... and  his name is Hittman. Everyone of the tracks on this CD is cool. You can  push play, and let it go all the way through. How many CD's u got that u  can do that with?  Dre's back, and there isn't much else to say... BUY THIS  ALBUM.
B00002MZ4W|5.0|Fiona Apple's new CD &quot;When The Pawn...&quot; is a wonderful collection of new songs.  Her maturity is evident in the context of her lyrics.  I have enjoyed her music immensely and I hope that she continues  to write music for a long time; she is a truly talented woman.
0451163516|3.0|Like all of Follet's novels, `The Man from St. Petersburg' is a page turner and worth picking up if you like a good historical adventure.  That being said, however, this novel is not that great when compared to `Eye of  The Needle', `The Key to Rebecca' and his masterpiece `The Pillars of The  Earth.'  Follet is a good and sometimes great writer.  The problem I find  with his writing is that sometimes he edits down to 300 pages what would be  a great-classic epic of 1500 pages (i.e., like `Pillars of the Earth').  Sometimes the shorter form works (i.e., `Eye Of The Needle' and `Key to  Rebecca' where the action is close to real time), but sometimes he  shortchanges himself and the reader (i.e., `Man From St. Petersburg' and  `Place called Freedom') by limiting his scope and range to be under a  certain number of pages.  I don't know if this is a publishing thing or  what?<br />If given more room for characters and historical detail, Follet  gives us classic epic novels like `Pillars'.  When he limits himself he  sometimes succeeds and sometimes misses.<br />More longer Follet novels are  better.
006017322X|5.0|Told from a child's point of view, Harper Lee tells of her own childhood in a small town, Maycomb. Despite its inhabitants who claim absolute faith in Christianity, they ostracise and judge others just because of their  different lifestyles and behaviour. Arthur (or Boo) Radley is one of those  who have suffered. He is deprived of his desperate attemps to communicate  with the outside world just because of a petty crime he committed as a  juvenile. Other mockingbirds include Dill, Mayella and Tom Robinson (whose  court case reveals the humanity, as well as, the ugliness in the town).  Hypocrisy, racism and growing up are the important themes emphasised.<br />An  awesome read for all ages. One'll love and loathe the various characters.  Very heartwarming and painful memories shared...
0440219078|4.0|The Giver is an excellent book that can introduce children to reading at a higher level of comprehension.  It is a challenging and interesting story that will captivate and intrigue both children and adults.  If you know a  child who enjoys science fiction or one who just enjoys a facinating  reading experience, The Giver would be an excellent choice.
B000002GF8|5.0|My most favorite novel is Gabriel Garcia Marquez's One Hundred Years of Solitude. When I'm not reading it, I'm listening to either Sting's or The Police's records. This is my most favorite  album, and thank Sting, Andy  Summers, and Stewart Copeland (but Sting mostly) for making a stupendously  brilliant rock record like this. Andy's eerie guitar feedback on  &quot;Synchronicity 2&quot; is like a footnote to an edition of Conrad's  &quot;Heart of Darkness.&quot; Stewart's drum work makes me wish I could  play drums myself, if not as terrific as he can. And Sting's voice here is  at its best and finest form, although it would still  be handsome on his  solo albums (notably ...Nothing Like the Sun and The Soul Cages).  Ignore  the close-minded, bad reviews; purchase a copy. Some people may hate Sting,  but we Sting fans know quite well that the world would have been a much  drearier place without the man and his music.
1563890410|5.0|This story is one of the most compelling and engaging stories to find a new population of readers in quite awhile. Simply put, the story reminds us that no one sends you to Hell, that all Hells are self imposed and that the  key to freedom lies within the mind of those trapped there. No one else can  forgive you till you forgive yourself.        Mixed with mythology and  ideas fom many cultures, this book creates a blending of ideas that shows  how similar we all are rather than how different. Most people will find the  story entertaining and thought provoking on many levels. The entire series  of Sandman Books is one big story that simply says, &quot;We are, what we  dream we are.&quot;
0446525537|5.0|A great beach book. If you've got a couple hours, read it. Sparks touches all the emotions, just like always.
B000002N3J|5.0|Madonna. What can you say about her that hasn't been said before? Not much. And that's what draw people to her, often overlooking her music. That's what this album was made for. It was made for those people who only  see her as a sex goddess, a tart or a tramp. This is Madonna at her best.  Sure songs like &quot;Ray Of Light&quot;, &quot;Vogue&quot; and  &quot;Holiday&quot; are great tunes, classics for sure, but they don't  compare to her almost haunting ballads. The collaboration with Massive  Attack on &quot;I Want You&quot; is phenomenal, and should have had  commercial single availabilty for sure. Same thing goes for &quot;One More  Chance&quot; which was released as a single, but only as an import. The  rest of the tracks are all available on previous albums, with the exception  of &quot;This Used To Be My Playground&quot; which was only available as a  single, but shine much more when grouped together. &quot;Rain&quot;,  &quot;I'll Remember&quot; and &quot;Something To Remember&quot; stand out  as three champs. The one song missing from this compilation is the highly  underrated &quot;The Look Of Love&quot; - a wonderful song taken from the  cruddy &quot;Who's That Girl&quot; soundtrack. Other than that, a first  class cd all the way.
0767805712|5.0|I've lost times of how many times I've watched this movie.  I love i
B0000060NF|5.0|&quot;What's Goin' On&quot; is quite possibly one of the two or three best albums ever recorded, period! The political, social, and spiritual questions posed on the record are still as pertinent and viable as they  were 28 years ago. Listen to the disk then ask yourself.......has anything  really changed since 1971? A Classic!
B00002Z88D|5.0|Incredible. They have certainly done it again, and it was about time. I have never lived into music as much as on this recording. 3000% Metallica, 3000% worth it.
B0000009RT|3.0|If nothing else this disk should be recognized for one thing many people seem to overlook; it contains the world's first Rap Tune, &quot;Trouble Every Day&quot;
1567407757|5.0|Tuesdays With Morrie is one of the best  guidebooks for life you will read. Unlike so many so-called self-help books, this is the genuine article: it is a book that was lived by real persons. Morrie's message is  simply to stop wasting the time you are given in this life. Make that great  connection now.  Love, pick up the phone, write a letter, smile at someone  who is  hurting, but do it now. After I put down the book I honestly got up  off the couch and made a call I'd been meaning to make, but hadn't gotten  around to.  Tuesdays with Morrie is a book for all the days of your life.  Give it to all your friends, but deliver it in person.  Morrie's out there  smiling at you.
B00000K31V|5.0|This is one of the best films of 1999.  Its eerie that David Cronenberg so seamlessly meshes virtual reality with everyday life.<br />I think that is the point of this film, which has been lost.  The line between our everyday  life and the world of computers, video games, entertainment and the media  is seamless.<br />Beyond that the story line and acting performances were  uniformly good. Jennifer Jason Leigh gives a very uncanny performance as  one who seems totally absorbed in the game and simultaneously detached.  When I left the cinema my mind was definitely focused on the film and I was  totally absorbed in what I had just seen.<br />The soundtrack by Howard Shore  is marvelous and, having purchased it, I find it very cerebral and  haunting.<br />In short.  A great film and, definitely, not part of the normal  hollywood matrix.
0792838912|1.0|Slow movie about an intimate and brief relationship between two people that do not know much about each other past some of the surface nuances.  The movie doesn't explore their relationship much other than the desire for  physical intimacy between each other.  Although the movie focuses on  Basinger and Rourke's brief lust and wonder for each other, it doesn't show  much in terms of actually fulfilling that lust.  Threw this movie away  after one viewing.
B00000K19E|5.0|This is one of the best action films ever made, the story was good, the special effects were good, every thing about this movie is good. Within the first five minutes i had bitten my nails done to the quick, this is one of  those movies that keeps you on the edge of your seat the whole time.  When  it was done, you really had to think about what you just saw, it was  thought provoking.
0684800713|5.0|i read this book for a high school project. i found this book very similar to the great gastby at first but when find out what the symbolism mean then you find the book amazing. the book is ambiguous in meaning but is clear to  me.its a great book.
0671027344|5.0|I guess the reason that I love this book the most is because it is so real.  Its so true and it identifies the life of a 15 yr old wallflower so well.  I should know.  This book brought me to tears several times.  Its the way that I can relate that really gets to me.  I think everyone should  read this.  Its one of those windows into a teenager's life that their  parents should not read.  But its a damn good book.
6305627401|5.0|See this film for what it is - one of the funniest satires ever - the fact that its a badly drawn cartoon is irrelevant. The funniest comedy I think I have ever seen, and not just me.. I have never heard a cinema crowd laugh  that much. I'd advise buying this on DVD just so you can catch the dialogue  drowned out by the hilarity at the cinema. There are enough subtle jokes  and digs at other movies to make this a thinking mans film. Appealed on  many levels to me. The pace does slow down somewhat after the first half  hour , but frankly, if it hadn't I would be dead from laughing so much  :]
6305169187|1.0|A Texas-size asteroid is about to hit Earth, and the government is at wit's end on how to prevent doomsday. It's the stuff great science fiction is made of. But this ain't great science fiction. It's low-brow, formulaic  bravado involving a motley crew of oil riggers who have to drill a hole in  this monsterous rock to blow it apart. The movie runs like a  connect-the-dots toward an obvious conclusion. Suspense? Forget it. Plus,  the film could have used a better editor; it dies the death of a thousand  cuts times 10. Surely, the scenes could have lasted LONGER than 2 seconds  each. If you watch this tripe, you may find yourself wishing the asteroid  hits Earth just to end the pain. If you buy it, you probably deserve each  other.
0553212478|5.0|I am one of those anti-classic types, yet Frankenstein is by far the best book I have ever read in my whole life. I find myself continually picking up my weathered copy and blocking out reality as I race through this  passionate novel. I recommend this book to anyone with a good inagination  and a passion for excitement.
1556154844|5.0|About previous comments: Verbose?  Don't think so, every page has some piece of valuable information<br />For beginners only?  Don't think so, but if you are a beginner this is a good place to start.  After several years of  programming you'll mostly stop thinking about style and follow your  habits... so you better have some good habits!<br />Insistence on using  hungarian naming convention?  Not at all, did you read this book?  The  author did talk about this convention but he also gives examples why this  is can be bad (and also why it can be good).<br />This book covers a wide  range of material, from variable declaration to software estimation and  probably everything concerning software construction.<br />Also as this book  talks a lot about style, the best thing is it is backed up with hard facts  not just because of personal preference.<br />The examples are written in  several languages (such as C, Pascal and Basic).  One chapter is devoted to  object orientation.  Although you're heavily into OOP then in no way should  you skip over this book as the advices in this book can be applied to every  methodology of programming.  So this book is in no way out dated.<br />Each  chapter has a 'recommended reading' section so you know where to go for  more.  This is extremely handy.<br />I've read this book several times and I  just love it.  I own every book written by the author.  Check them out also  - they are very good too.<br />Summary: This book teaches you how you can  write good and self-describing code.  I wished every program I've had to  read had been written by programmers who read this book and applied that  knowledge.<br />Thanks, ABO
0064471047|1.0|Okay, I rarely say this about a book, but this book was so boring, I couldn't even finish it! I could not relate to it what- so- ever. If you want an interesting series with adventure and a magical twist with some  creativity, read the Harry Potter series.
0792156684|5.0|I saw this movie in the theater and thought,&quot;That is the best movie I have ever seen!&quot; My girlfriend now wife thought th same thing. After seeing the DVD, now I know it's my favorite of all time. Great sound and  perfect picture!
B000022TT4|3.0|After waiting a long time for U2 to finally release some thing on DVD I was disappoited when they finally did. Songs that are listed as DVD bonus tracks on the disc arent there! The grainy black and white video is out of  place with DVDs purpose of razor sharp images. Musically this is a great  disc but visually their concerts are better than this. Aside from  &quot;With or without you&quot; and &quot;Sunday, bloody Sunday&quot; I  have a hard time recommending this disc to anyone. Lets hope &quot;Live at  Red Rocks&quot; comes out soon.
B000001ABD|5.0|This is a definite treat for any Stevie Wonder fan.  You will definitely get your fill. I was disappointed that this greatest hits collection did not include the WONDERful song &quot;Isn't She Lovely&quot; and the  beautiful love song &quot;As&quot; both from the &quot;Songs in the Key of  Life&quot; collection. I still gave it 5 stars though because I absolutely  love Stevie.  Peace!
6300248569|1.0|This adaptation of Pride and Prejudice suffers from an unfortunate screenplay. Fay Weldon has done a gross disservice to Jane Austen by continually putting the words of one character in the mouth of another. The  Bennet sisters lose all individuality in this adaptation. The serious,  studious Mary is shown gossiping and socializing. The kind-hearted Jane is  shown catty and mean-spirited. The 17-year old Kitty is miscast as a woman  in her 30's. Weldon has thrown in absurdities such as Elizabeth's marathon  run from Lambton to Pemberly to look for her aunt and uncle. Elizabeth  Garvie makes a valiant effort to portray Elizabeth Bennet but is forced to  do numerous voice-over narratives from the novel that slow the action to a  crawl. Poor David Rintoul is the saddest of the cast. A man with a funny  looking head who is given little to do but walk about stiffly showing no  more emotion than a wooden Indian. This adaptation has its passionate  advocates but I would suggest renting it before spending a dime. The  BBC/A&amp;E adaptation with Jenifer Ehle and Colin Firth is much superior.
B0000026WD|5.0|Though this album may already be eight years old, it still plays up there with the recent trend in musical style. This album is amazing! From the begining we ae taking on a tour of the singers smost creative side, his  darkest side and his warmest side. The album shines with brilliant  production, fantastic songwriting and beautiful orchestration. 'Jam' begins  the album on a heavey note, not because it is emotionally raw but because  the song's driving beats and rhythms are unforgetable. 'In The Closet'  raves up to the ultimate climax, a song which was originally intended as a  duet with Madonna, has no problem making the grade without her (it is hard  to imagine her here!) 'Remember The Time' is a wonderfull up-tempo song  filled with lip-smacking beats and a great chorus, pure genius. The hits  'Black Or White' and 'Heal The World' never sound out of date but rather  define the time they were huge on the POP charts. 'Who Is It' (my favorite  on the entire album, and let me tell you it is hard to come up with one! )  is so pure, but angry in its beat that you can't stop listening. That is  the whole effect of this album, you can't stop listening!  'Will You Be  There'? Do I have to say more, Beethoven would be proud! 'Keep The Faith'  is the second time Jackson, collaborated with Alanis Morisette hit maker  Glen Ballard and the result was amazing! The greatest album on the face of  the planet, well the greatest POP album. The singers ultimate perfection,  though his new release in 2000 may prove otherwise, he reached his creative  climax (so far, maybe not though with the first five songs off 'Blood On  The Dance Floor'!)with this album. Everyone should buy a copy, becuase here  is michael jackson at his best. Not the Michael Jackson that we've come to  know (or think we know) through the tabloids, but the Michael Jackson we  came to love through the music. If I could give this album six or seven or  higher out of five I would!  Five out of Five.
0783225857|5.0|&quot;TO KILL A MOCKINGBIRD&quot; is one of my favourite books and a favourite movie of mine. This is one of the few books I read where I really felt that I knew the characters; it was as if the town of Maycomb came alive in my head!  Gregory Peck's portrayal of Atticus is inspired and brilliant.  I thought Colin Wilcox was exceptional as Violet Ewell.  My favourite performer and character, however is Scout (as I'm sure author Harper Lee intended).  Mary Badham is just phenomenonal as Scout! (Badham still receives fan mail from all over the world from fans of her portrayal)  She was perfect for the role as she was a real - life Southerner and, having never acted in films before, a complete natural. I loved the character of Scout in the book and I love her in the movie. I've known and heard of girls who empathised and related to her so much that they nicknamed themselves &quot;Scout&quot;. Harper Lee must have been pleased with Mary Badham's performance which I think is a classic of it's kind. Philip Alford is almost as good as Jem; together they are quite believable as brother and sister. Here comes my one disappointment in the casting :why did they chose John Megna to play Dill?  In the book he was a towhead and not at all like the actor portraying him (he was really Truman Capote, you know)  The kids want to catch a glimpse of Boo Radley and instead they are intruded upon by a great shadow of an unknown hulk of man - it's one of the truly scary scenes. Aunt Alexandria is totally omitted from the film which I'm not sure is advantageous or not. Ruth White is great as the crotchety Mrs. Dubose, however she too, had more to do in the book, where it was revealed that she was a morphine addict. Alice Ghostley is funny as Dill's Aunt Stephanie who warns sternly about the dangers of hanging around the Radley place. Brock Peters is terrific as Tom Robinson, and Estelle Evans is wonderful as the much-loved Calpurnia. I firmly believe that the score by Elmer Bernstein is oneof the most beautifully haunting of ANY score done for a film and totally appropriate to the movie.(The original AVA label soundtrack record is a much sought after collector's item). The scene where Scout says &quot;Hey,Boo&quot; still makes the tears flow freely, be forewarned and keep the kleenex handy!
B000031XCR|5.0|Let's get something straight here, Celine Dion has got to have the greatest voice on a POP singer! Hands down she wins every time! It makes singers like me cringe 'cause she makes it sound so easy! This album is her  greatest hits and her greatest new songs all wrapped up in one! 'The Power  Of Love' got me hooked on her and I continue to be wrapped in her spell.  Her voice is electrifying! Other notable hits include 'Because You Loved Me  (From 'Up Close And Personal'), 'To Love You More' how can you not love  this song? The viloin? The voice? 'My Heart Will Go On' and the wonderful  new hit 'That's The Way It Is' which shows Celine at her vocal best. The  other new songs should be the reason you buy this album! 'The First Time  Ever I Saw Your Face' is so beautiful, so relaxing, it tares me apart!  'Then You Look At Me' is much the same, not the same tune (Celine doesn't  have the problem of her songs sounding the same, she doesn't write any of  them) but this one written by Diane Warren is wonderful, as is 'I Want You  To Need Me' and the Frank Sinatra duet 'All The Way.' This is the perfect  gift for the Chrsitmas season. It is warm, touched by vocal genius, and  altogether awe-inspiring! Coudos to Celine! Five out of Five.
6304806469|5.0|MARY POPPINS is a sheer delight no matter how many times you see it! This was Julie's \\"consolation prize\\" for not getting the role of Eliza Doolittle for the screen (alas, Audrey Hepburn played her). We will never know the sight of Andrews playing the lead in \\"My Fair Lady\\" on film, but we do know the sight of her playing Mary Poppins, and we love her (so did the academy!). The movie is very Disney, and done in such a grand way that you are taken directly into the charm of Edwardian London. Elsa Lanchester is very good (but all too brief ) as Katie Nana who informs Mrs. Banks (Glynis Johns) that the children have disappeared again. The need for a new nanny is neccesary as Katie Nana leaves. Jane and Michael write on paper the attributes of which they seek in a nanny; this sheet of paper is angrily torn up as rubbish and thrown into the fireplace by their father George. Miraculously, the pieces of paper are reassembled and the magical Mary Poppins makes her appearance, with the children's requests in hand. The scene where all the waiting nannies fly away is hilarious as are the domestics Hermoine Baddeley and Reta Shaw as they rescue the vases etc., from the daily vibrations caused by an eccentric local firing a cannon.The children are properly English and really just a WEE bit naughty. Julie Andrews is terrific and Dick Van Dyke is very good as Bert, though his cockney accent is pure Hollywood. As a kid, the scene where Jane and Michael run into an old hag scared me, on recent viewing it was a lark. Jane Darwell, as the old bird woman is heartbreaking especially when that beautiful score is playing; it was her final role. Glynis Johns is a strangely irresponsible mother,but she was ahead of her time (1910) as a suffragette, David Tomlinson is stuffy and proper as the indifferent father. The choreography is first-rate and the songs are memorable.(Disney's very favorite of all his films was \\"Tuppence a Bag\\" however \\"ChimChimCheree\\" won the academy award as best song of 1964(!). The animation sequences are among the best ever put on film (it was always difficult to do animation scenes with live actors). This is widely regarded as Disney's masterpiece, it was certainly his most expensive film, and it grossed many times it's cost. Disney got the idea for Mary Poppins when, in the late 40's he would hear his daughter giggling constantly while reading the books by P.L. Travers; he put the idea on the shelf and he filmed his masterpiece fifteen years later!
6304535570|5.0|The best movie in the world.  I don't get tired of watching it, every time I do, i make val kilmer my hero and fall in love with elizebeth shue, buy this movie
B000000WCV|5.0|i listened to this at a record store and thought it was junk. my roommate bought it and it didn't leave the CD player for weeks. took a bit to sink in, but now it's a must-have, especially for plain-ol'  &quot;commercial&quot; techno, i.e. if you're not actually at a club...  'nuff said
B000002A73|4.0|My housemate bought this in college, and kept trying to get me into it, but I wasn't really accepting at the time.  Nevertheless, he'd play it in the living room while I was reading, and at the end of Perfect Sense there  is a phone ringing effect.  The spatial placement and clarity was so good  (QSound on a good system is fantastic), that I got up and answered the  phone... The effect was (and still is) uncanny.  In fact, after a month, he  got me with this one AGAIN. :)<br />The album is really too wordy, IMO, but I  still listen to it a great deal, for both the message and the music.  Jeff  Beck had an exceptionally good day when he cut his tracks; this album got  me into his other stuff.  Recommended for those who can endure the message.
B000008HPE|5.0|I was a huge Huey Lewis &amp; The News fan back in the 80's.  Actually, Sports was the first album I ever bought.  I have always felt, and still do, that Fore! was an even better one.  Unfortunately, it seemed to be  their last truly stellar album.  Small World, which came next, was really  influenced by their travels in Europe on the Fore! Tour.  It was good--but  not the HLN that fans had come to expect.  They tried to get back to their  roots with Hard At Play--but it seems the musical trends had changed enough  that they never really got back on track.  Fore! has a number of great  tunes with catchy hooks (tell me you don't have Whole Lotta Lovin' running  around in your head after listening!)  Ultimately, the band is great at  making the record capture them--not the other way around.  They are at  their best live (don't miss them if you get the chance to see them) and  Fore! tends not to be overproduced, capturing a bit of that live feel.
0440211727|5.0|A Time to Kill was a gripping power packed tale of uncertain justice in a small southern town which gave a life threatening perspective to racial violence in the courtroom.  Jake Brigance presented to the jury a  suspenseful and truthful performance that touched many hearts. Even through  the cross-burnings and misfortunes, he stood for his beliefs and did not  back down under the many pressures forced upon him. Carl Lee Hailey took  justice into his own hands after two prejudice white men raped and beaten  his ten-year-old daughter. Many people in the community believed that the  two savage white men may have been set free. So when Carl Lee shot them in  cold-blooded murder many sympathized with what he had done.  As things  started spinning out of control, Jake delivered a breathtaking speech that  gave Carl Lee Hailey the freedom he deserved.
B000002WCJ|5.0|Incredible Music is here presented by the excellent german group Helloween. the best songs in this CD are &quot;DR. STEIN&quot;, &quot;EAGLE FLY FREE&quot; and &quot;THE KEEPER OF THE SEVEN KEYS&quot;. If you like  this music, search for Gammaray.
B000031XCR|5.0|Celine- I saw that you visited this site and wrote to us, so I can only hope that you will be back and get the opportunity to read this... it's written by one of your biggest fans. Oh, and before I go on I have to say  we were talking on celineonline (we all own the CD by now) and they all  wanted me to write this review and say hi. I just have to say that this  album is incredible just like all of your other albums... I really love the  collection of some of your greatest songs mixed with a few new ones...  among the new ones, I love &quot;That's The Way It Is&quot; best followed  closely by &quot;All The Way&quot; (such a beautiful song!) and &quot;Then  You Look at Me&quot; but I also love &quot;The First Time Ever I Saw Your  Face&quot; because it reminds me of your concert... oh, what can I say... I  love them all so much! Haha, I know I'm a crazy fan but I can't help  falling in love with all of your songs. So take care, thanks for  everything, and everyone else who reads this review please buy this album  because you can't go wrong with it!
B000001GBJ|5.0|In a world of stress and noise I have found a CD so quieting, therapeutic, and rhapsodic that I can't get enough.  I first heard it while getting a massage and found it so soothing that  I went out right away to buy it.   Almost every one of the tracks are this way.  Money verrrry well spent.   I'm giving some as Xmas gifts.
B00003003R|5.0|I havent gotten this album yet but i have heard all of the songs.  These 2 cds look great.  They have all of the greatest GNR songs.  This is just one amazing collection.  GNR are the greatest band ever.  Slash was the  greatest guitarist ever.  GNR rule so get this CD.
0790734516|1.0|I cannot believe anyone can watch this movie without laughing at the utter stupidity being displayed on screen.  From the disgusting advertisements of Marlboros to a script that is beyond description, this movie had no  redeeming qualities...except for Ms. Berry who is killed during the first  30 minutes.  Awful, disgusting, and stupid movie!
0590373587|5.0|I picked up the Giver because I had been a long time fan of Lowry's other books and stories.<br />I was intruigued by its well written timelessnes, exploring the workings of a society created to be pleasent for all who  dwell within it.  There is a cure for anything that ails: an answer for all  problems; it has a social order that is balanced, with healing, and keeps  everyone happy.<br />Reading it as an adult, I was pleased to see that most of  the words and ideas were for young adults and that words and concepts that  may have been unfamiliar were definable from the context, or asked of an  adult (I recommend parents read this book as well, your child will have  questions).<br />This book, especially if shared among a group, or even just a  parent/child unit, will spark good discussions about serious life  questions, which, in turn, will help promote emotional growth in the  child(ren) and/or adults.<br />Yes, I laughed, yes, I cried.  It has a sadness  and a joy permeating it, and will be a learning tool in my household for  the next generations.
B00002Z88D|5.0|Saw half of the S&amp;M show on VH1 and got the CD the next day, which was the release date. Absolutely the best Metallica album I heard so far. The orchestra blends in with Metallica so well, or for classical lovers vice  versa :-). I made a copy of the CD set just for my car. can't wait for the  DVD release next year.
0340738448|5.0|This book is absolutley wonderful. I love Notting Hill and I love this book. If you would like to see the deleted scenes, buy the DVD. All the deleted scenes are on it.
B000002A3T|4.0|First let me tell ya that I don't own Momentary Lapse Of Reason and I just now purchased Division Bell.  I really thought that neither one of them was worth the money or the time.  Considering the fact that I bought this cd  with the attitude that I wasn't going to like it,  I must admit that I am  shocked that I have missed out on this cd for about 6 years.  The very  first track (a musical--&quot;cluster one&quot;) screams out Floyd in every  way.  The second song &quot;what do you want from me&quot; is good enought  to be on Dark Side or Wish You Were Here and is an addicting song based on  the fact that I have listened to it over and over and I still have not  tired of it.  The third song &quot;poles apart&quot;, kinda reminds me of  one of my favs-- &quot;wish you were here&quot;.  The fourth song  &quot;marooned&quot;,  is a musical that is similiar to &quot;shine on you  crazy diamond&quot; but is the sleeper of the cd in my opinion.  The fifth  &quot;a great day for freedom&quot;, sounds like it could belong on The  Wall or even The Final Cut.  The sixth &quot;&quot;wearing the inside  out&quot;, is a very subtle song that is soft most of the way through but  has a good mood to it.  The seventh &quot;take it back&quot;, is one of my  favs also.  It is different, but very fast paced and steady throughout. The  lyrics on &quot;take it back&quot; are among the best on the cd.  My fav  line from it is &quot;I make promises I cannnot keep&quot;--(classic). The  eighth song &quot;coming back to life&quot;, starts out with some clean  guiar picking and then goes into a few lines with nearly nothing but  Gilmour singing.  It then gets into a steady beat similiar to &quot;take it  back&quot;. The ninth song &quot;keep talking&quot;, is just classic Floyd  all the way--it begins with just music for about a minute and then some  subtle words are spoken and then straight into another steady beat that  includes some uninteresting lyrics but that a good sound.  The tenthsong  &quot;lost for words&quot;, definatly sounds best suited for Final Cut in  the beginning and then changes to an acoustic song that is smooth all the  way through and even includes the f-word -- which we all know is  remenescent of The Final Cut.  The last song is something truly f-in  special.  It ranks right up there as one of the best songs ever put out by  a band that called themselves Pink Floyd.  It kinda reminds me of something  off of Dark Side and believe me it would fit perfectly.  Well I am done  other than to say that if you are hung up on the fact that ol' Roger is no  longer a part of the machine known as Floyd then get over it and give this  cd an chance. I can't promise ya you'll like it but I felt that way  big-time and I have come around completely on the subject.  God bless and  goodnight.
B00000IGGA|5.0|I've been digging Waits for more than 20 years, and this is probably his best. Just shut up and buy it.
B0000029DD|5.0|I first heard this album one lazy afternoon lying in the sun with my lovely girlfriend resting quietly beside me. It was one of the only times that I've heard a new album and been literally gob-smacked by the sheer  power of the vocals and the angst and passion in the lyrics. After the  album had finished, I lay there thinking about what I'd just heard, and my  girlfriend (whom I thought was asleep), whispered in my ear &quot;that was  unbelievable!&quot; <br />I won't babble on but all I have to say is that this  album is simply one of the most beautiful and almost *ethereal* albums one  can own. It sends shivers down my spine just thinking about it now. It  really does make you wonder at what he would have offered us had he been  granted the time on earth to make more albums. But thankyou anyway Jeff for  leaving us with one of the most startling collections of music ever made.
B00002MZ2T|5.0|I'm a big SG fan and when I got this album I was blown away!   I could not believe that there could be a better CD then there first one but here it is!  I think the best songs are &quot;You Can Still Be Free&quot;,  &quot;Crash and Burn&quot;, &quot;I Knew I Loved You&quot;, &quot;The Best  Thing&quot; and &quot;Gunning Down Romance&quot;.  However the only songs I  don't really like are &quot;Affirmation&quot; and &quot;Two Beds and a  Coffee Machine&quot;.  Overall I'd say GET THIS CD!
0345350499|5.0|The start was slow, but as I began to know the characters, I could not put it down.  A very intersting spin on King Arthur, Guinivere, and Lancelot.  It also provided a much more worthy veiw of the priestesses of Avalon, and  increased, what only used to be a mild interest in this subject.
B00000HYSN|5.0|I see a darkness is the album that I played over and over again last summer (1999). It surely was the best album this year, together with She haunts my dreams by Spain. If Will continues in this direction, the next  album will be beautiful beyond imagination. I'm eagerly looking forward to  it.
B000002H97|5.0|My friend got me started on Metallica a few years ago and I've been addicted ever since. I would definately say that Ride the Lightning and the Black Album are my favorites. I'm nuts over the Black Album because of the  beats in the songs and the rythm! It has your classic head banging heavy  meatal songs which I crave. If you are a true Metallica fan, you'd say this  album is pure gold and a masterpiece with zero thumbs down.
B00000D9TQ|5.0|The collection showcases the most popular songs by Phil, and maybe it's the only Phil Collins album that most people should have, since it includes all of his major hits as a solo artist. If you're interested in Phil  Collins, the singer, this is the CD for you. If you're interested in Phil  Collins, the drummer, you may need some of his early recordings with  Genesis. Most people knows about his 80's pop work solo and with Genesis,  but back in the 70's, Phil was considered one of the best drummers in the  progressive rock world. He's certainly a monster in the drums. Also with  his jazz band Brand X, Phil demonstrated to be a versatile drummer.<br />This  set showcases just a stage of his career. He's one of those artists  appealing to  musicians, music collectors and radio listeners.
B00003BDXG|4.0|Natural Born Killers, A Clockwork Orange, and most recently, Fight Club. All movies that have been deemed 'ultra violent' and are smothered by a smoke of controversy. In my opinion, that isn't the only thing these films  have in common. All of them, are extremely socially aware, and give a  social commentary about the state of culture. People will argue all day  that these films are gratuitously violent, pointless, encouraging our  children to be violent people. I don't really entertain any of those  arguments. The only real argument that I would really empathize with is the  questions &quot;do we need such an intense commentary of the degradation of  American Culture?&quot; I think in some ways we do. <br />Natural Born Killers  is the story of Mickey and Mallory Knox, who are played brilliantly by  Woody Harrelson and Juliette Lewis. Depending on how you watch this movie,  there can be many interpretations. It is easy to say that Mickey and  Mallory go out and start on a mass murder spree at random for no reason.  That is the side of the story that media gives us nine out of ten times.  However, if you look deeper in the minds of Mickey and Mallory, not so  subtle flashes of symbolism show that their murder spree is influenced by  the tormented childhood that they had. Being sexually abused, beaten,  ridiculed by parents as they grow up can leave one with a since of anger.  Don't get me wrong, your past is never an excuse for your actions of the  present, but it is an interesting angle. There are times when you feel some  compassion for them, because you get the feeling they were never given a  fair chance. Also the love story of their relationship tends to be very  tender. There is a wonderful line in the film where Mickey says that  &quot;only love can make the demons go away.&quot; <br />The story takes a  second socially aware twist when the media, a sleazy tabloid show like Hard  Copy, turns them into superstars. All for ratings, this tabloid show  creates a&quot;serial killers are cool&quot; image that immediately gets  into the heads of youth across the nation. <br />In the recent outbreak of  situations in America like that Columbine incident, these movie shows how  it isn't just the people doing the shooting that are ultimately  responsible. Some of it falls on the shoulders of parents, teachers, media,  and even the movies. My overall opinion of this film is that it is a  wonderful film with incredible technique and visions that only Oliver Stone  could have given. I saw it when I was 15 and it didn't make me want to go  kill people, but it does have a dangerous bit of adrenaline for people who  are a tiny bit unstable. I suggest that you see it if you are open minded  and willing to be shocked for the sake of a little enlightenment.
B000002J09|2.0|This album would have been alright had it not been destroyed by the truly woeful Stairway to Heaven.  It truly is the worst song ever recorded - a tuneless dirge full of trite, banal lyrics.  It is a waste of vinyl.  The only good thing about shelling out money for the CD is that you can program  the player to omit the song and only play the other songs which are  passable - nothing special.  Best song is Rock and Roll.
B00000K31Q|3.0|If someone said to the average 13 year old that a new Shakespeare movie is coming out, and they are going to love it...they would probably respond with a stereotypical \\"WHATEVER!\\" However, if you give it a catchy name, hire the  cute boy from 3Rd Rock From the Sun, and make a trailer with ultra hip  banter, then you suddenly have a box office hit with the teens. 10 Things I  Hate About You is one of the best from this recent trend. <br />                                        A modern adaptation of the Shakespeare                                         play \\"The Taming of the Shrew\\", stars                                         Julia Stiles as Katarina, the shrew that is                                         mentioned in the title. A virtual  newcomer to                                        the screen, this lady  has something that                                        most \\"teen stars\\"  (minus of course Leelee                                        Sobeski)  lacks...the ability to act. Her turn                                         as Kat is actually very refreshing, and as                                         someone who loves `Shrew\\" this is one of                                         the best people I have seen to play this                                         role. (Shakespeare purists, please hold off                                         your hate mails.) <br />                                        The story revolves around Kat and her sister                                         Bianca (Larisa Oleynik). Bianca is beautiful,                                         the popular girl at school, who would have                                         everything she wants if it weren't for one                                         little dilemma. There is a family rule  that prohibits her from dating until unpopular, and borderline scary Kat,  gets a man of her own. So, an admirer of Bianca's hires someone to win  Kat's heart, so that hecan take out Bianca. <br />I am sure you are thinking  that isn't anything original here...and you are right there isn't. However,  it's tempo, and nonchalant references and odes to Shakespeare is what keeps  it going and makes it fresh. <br />I recommend this film to anyone who is  looking for a little harmless fun.
0671510991|5.0|I have been studying international relationships for four years and i have never read such a good book in the subject.<br />Kissinger obviously understands the complex game of intenational politics, interest and power  balance in a extremely dificult world.  <br />I higlhy recomend this book not  only for students but also for any person that would like to learn about  the international sistem power didtribution and the most recent history of  the Cold Ward, exceptionaly writen by Henry Kisssinger.
B000002IU9|5.0|This album is incredible!  The soaring 28 minute epic achilles the agony and the ectasy recedes to such blistering tracks as the power of thy sword and the demon's whip.  The triumph of steel is certainly the best manowar album and they are the kings of epic metal along with the likes of blind  guardian.
0684800713|5.0|Hemmingway's account of a group of acquaintances in Post-WWI France and Spain wrapped a charm around me that continues to be present. His adjectiveless-prose threw me into the hearts and lives of the characters.  He took me for a stunningly painful and beautiful ride through unattainable  love, self-sacrifice, hedonism, and fishing. When I emerged from the novel,  I had a new understanding of the concurrent sordidness and beauty that life  is. DON'T MISS IT!
068484267X|5.0|This book is very hard to comprehend but the way it is written is so enjoyable.  I can't imagine living under those conditions and still have your sanity and humanity.  Thank god he surrived. I'm looking forward to  reading 'Tis.
B000002MY3|5.0|The thing that sets this album apart from almost any other genre that has crossed over into the mainstream is the pure quality in the lyrics. Where else will you see the raw, powerful emotion AM delivers here. Clever  (really intelligent) lyrical construction is evident in virtually all of  the songs - she has a message and she knows how to present it. It's not  even that what she has to say is necessarily valid (not that I could say).  She comes across as most males would say as woman with girl-next-door good  looks and PMS. But listen to the album and appreciate the feeling in almost  every one of those emotion charged songs and I defy you not to be moved.  Just one example: In &quot;You Oughta Know&quot; the way AM delivers the  line &quot;...well can you feel it&quot; you just know that this lyric is  inspired by an experience very close to her heart. And how often can that  be said of a 'pop' singer today? Fantastic.
0451169514|3.0|I have to say, I'm quite shocked and disturbed that so many people find this book &quot;the best they have ever read&quot;. The whole thing is floppy and needs a good tuning to tauten up those strings. I won't dwell on  this review; make the mistake that King made on his book. So that's it.  Average. Horribly, horribly average.
B0000025WQ|5.0|This album has energy, vitality, individualism, style, power, intelligence, creativity, charisma, subtlety; full-on pop music like no other I can think of from the early eighties. &quot;Girls Just Want to Have  Fun&quot; is good and charted well not once but twice, but is easily the  weakest track on the album. &quot;Time After Time&quot; (written by Prince)  has an enduring beauty which only grows over passing years. I challenge you  to find a song with more raw emotion than this. &quot;Money Changes  Everything&quot; could so easily have been produced as a trashy, eighties  consumerism track and meant nothing but it's performance and clever  construction makes it powerful social commententary. But that's not what  Cyndi's music is about. It's about passion, exuberance, individuality,  power and self expression. Show me a singer who can do it quite like  her!<br />Quirky tracks like &quot;He's so Unusual&quot; and &quot;I'll Kiss  You&quot; only add to the nature of this less than obvious album. But if  you're going to buy this for one track then buy it for &quot;When you were  Mine&quot;. Years will not dent the power of the words or the delivery of  this song from the heart. I can't think of another singer who's provided  such a rich and diverse collection of powerful and memorable songs with  such in-depth emotion and creativity. So, so good. This is a must have on  your CD rack. If you haven't bought it yet then wait no longer. You'll have  at least (at LEAST) 15 years of pure listening pleasure out of it.
B000002C25|5.0|This, to put it bluntly, is an amazing album. Sure, it's not their best, but hey, who cares? To me, Definately Maybe deserved 5.5 stars out of 5. Morning glory deserved 6 stars out of 5, and if I could give a greater  rating than 5 on this album, I would. I know it is a bit repititous by the  time you get to the last couple of songs, but when the first few songs are  as good as this, who cares if they go back on themselves? As long as Oasis  are recording quality albums like this one, I'll always be a fan.
020161622X|5.0|This book is downright excellent.  I recommend it to both novices and masters.  Novices learn and masters can refer &quot;students&quot; to particular chapters when trying to convey/sell particular concepts.<br />I  have several people I work with that I consider my programming role models.   While reading this book, I found myself saying, &quot;Oh, this is  something John always preaches,&quot; and &quot;Here is a major philosophy  Jane follows.&quot;  At other times, I found myself saying, &quot;This is  something I always had a gut feeling about and I'm glad I now have  something in print to back me up on it.&quot;<br />An excellent book.  I read  to page 86 in the bookstore before having to leave (and buy) because the  store was closing for the night.  Check it out.  You won't regret it!
B00001MXWX|4.0|This is a good Star Trek _episode_, meaning it would fit in very well as an episode of the tv series. It's not as flashy or dramatic as most of the movies, however. The story leans more toward the characters and their  inter-relationships than toward big space battles. It's a movie for the  long-term TNG fan, not the casual SF action movie fan.  The story isn't  terribly memorable, but does have some very nice character-developing  moments for the Enterprise regulars.  Worth watching and no where near  living up to the &quot;odd-numbered movie&quot; curse!
0440180295|5.0|A friend of mine, asked me to read the book &quot;Cat's Cradle,&quot; also by Kurt Vonnegut, I didn't enjoy it all that much.  Then I was assigned to read a science fiction book for school, so I chose  &quot;Slaughterhouse-Five,&quot; this book was hilarious and yet very sad.   I enjoyed reading about Billy Pilgrim's adventures with the &quot;Three  Musketeer's.&quot; Roland Weary and Paul Lazarro are the best characters in  the book!  It made me think about war, and all the nonsense of it, but it  also made me realize what happens to the troops.  I really enjoyed the  book, it made me laugh and it made me think.
6301661737|5.0|If it were possible for someone to construct a list of Kurosawa's best films this one would be near the top.  Helped by a unforgetable performance by Tatsuya Nakadai, a dazzling use of color, and Kurosawa's camera floating  above all the deceit and mayhem like an angry God, Kagemusha is a film for  the ages and a blueprint of what action films can be.  The closing sequence  with Kurosawa killing men and horses is slow motion while an agonized  Nakadai looks on is absolutely glorious and inspiring.  A Must See!
0316286869|4.0|I found this book extremely helpful in teaching you techniques for applying makeup and yet, not teaching you to rely on any certain &quot;rules&quot; as many other makeup books will have you learn. I enjoyed  the variety of makeup styles and the large full-color pictures in the book.  It is nice to learn a little about Kevyn as I read the book, as well as  many helpful tips. It is a very good book, becuase it helps you develope a  makeup style all your own. It is about looking the best you can, and being  who you are, not trying to look like the latest super model. I like that he  places emphasis on being the best you are, not trying to look like  something you are not. After all, isn't that why we are all different?
0792839846|5.0|I first saw this movie when I was a teenager, that was 20+++ years ago.I have 3 copies of this video that I alternate so as to not wear any one out.  What is not to like about this. Bogie, the perfect dark hero with a heart  of gold. Bergman, the flawless beauty torn between two men.  Paul Henreid,  the third side of this triangle and all the secondary characters which  combine to make this my number one all time favorite movie. I still get  goosebumps when the Marsielle is sung.  When Rick tells Ilse &quot;we'll  always have Paris...&quot; Forget it, I'm a pile of jello reaching for the  kleenex.  This is truly the best movie ever made.
6305161976|3.0|My comment can make some people mad,but we should be open-minded. Casablanca is not good in performance and  CasablancaTis triumph of Hollywood studio system,and there is no other special meaning because no  element in the movie is great. You can see Bogie's best performance in the  movies &quot;Treasure of Sierra Madre&quot; &quot;Maltese Falcon&quot;  which are better than &quot;Casablanca&quot;
B00001OH7P|5.0|Thinking in terms of the millenium, I have compiled a list of the top five most influential artists in their respective fields: Marlon Brando, Jack Kerouac, Andy Kaufman, Pablo Picasso, and David Bowie.  To this day, these  artists are cited by individuals of the relative fields as imperative to  their own growth as an artist.  A previous reviewer asked why Bowie retired  Ziggy so prematurely...well, in my opinion this is almost essential to all  those I consider true artists.  An artist never rests on his laurels and  never rehashes old material for mass appeal.  If you haven't dug into the  catalogue of mr. David Bowie, I envy the hours, weeks and months of  enjoyment that lay ahead of you.  As for Ziggy Stardust and the Spiders  from Mars, I'm sick of it.  I've listened to it way too many times;  memorized way too many of the lyrics; dreamt the various beats of the songs  way too many times; and sorted through every song for the unique and  special meanings too many times...and I just will not listen to it  again...Here's hoping you'll be sick of it one day soon.
0312853238|5.0|I've read most of your books in the top 20, and i see no reason why Ender's Game by Orson Scott Card isn't there it is the best book i've ever read, and i know many who feel the same way. Please, rethink your rankings
B000002J09|5.0|This album is arguably the best rock album ever released.  There isn't a single bad song on it, and in my view it is the best album ever , by the best band ever
B00001U0DP|5.0|This movie was the ultimate example of attitude and how it can make a profound difference in the way you view life. I am grateful to have chosen this movie as a rental without knowing anything of what I was about to  experience. Thank you Nicolette for giving us Americans a true masterpiece.  It has been a long time since I have seen a movie which validates the true  importance of love. It really is the only thing that is important and it is  the one thing that truly does unite us even when we are across the ocean!
B000023VTQ|5.0|I truly loved this movie, especially the scene in the garden. The pairing of Julia Roberts and Hugh Grant is what makes the movie, there great together. I usually don't get to caught up in movies but this one turned me  around. You will love the movie just as much as I do.
0446525537|5.0|IT looks like Nicholas Sparks has done it again. A truly amazing love story that makes you wonder if the are people in the world that really feel like this. The emotions that the main characters go though to realize their  true love feels so real. A must read!
630562285X|3.0|The only reason to watch this movie (unless you are a guy) is Sean Connery.  His acting ability and some cool gadgets are about the only things that keep your attention through the movie.  Catherine Zeta-Jones  can't act.  I've never seen her in another movie so I don't know if she is  always this bad, but watching her give her dialogue is like watching paint  dry.  She's stunning to look at even when she comes up from a swim with  full makeup on, but she has a hard time giving any lines with punch.  The  movie dragged in some parts, but was entertaining overall.  The  Connery/Zeta-Jones love interest wasn't believable or very well developed.   The billion dollar oversight at the end wasn't believable either.  Y2K or  not a billion dollars is a billion dollars.   I'd recommend a rental on  this one.
B00000729S|5.0|This is one of the best albums I've ever heard.  It reminds me at various times of the music that Frank Zappa and the Mothers of Invention, the Velvet Underground and Pink Floyd were putting out at about the same time  ('66 - '68), but it is truly original and still sounds cutting-edge today.   If you like danceable anarchy, your eardrums will be forever grateful to  you for this one.
B000009ED0|3.0|He has a good beat to his music. I noticed it on a rock station approx. 2 months ago and bought the cd. (cowboy is better)
0380973464|4.0|I would rate this second of Stephenson's books (although I haven't read Zodiac). Snow Crash still remains my all-time favorite sci-fi novel. Cryptonomicon though had some very humorous writing that I thoroughly  enjoyed.
B00000J6AG|4.0|Moby finally achieves his potential, on Play he gathers everything he has done before together ('cept maybe the thrash) and blends it into an excellent, ecclectic chill out album. The stand out track (why does my  heart...) is a perfect partner to the greatest dance tune of all time -  Massive Attack's beguiling Unfinished Sympathy
6302000823|5.0|This is what excellent movie-making is all about.  The movie's plot, although simple, draws out human emotions and dreams vividly.  A celebration of movie making and human spirits.  This is definitely one of  the finest films ever made.
B00000K19E|5.0|Det finns f filmer som lyckas med det som Matrix lyckas med - att verraska dig totalt! Detta r frsta filmen jag har kunnat njuta av att se mer n en gng. Hejdls action, fantastiska special effekter, snyggt  stilistiskt foto in i minsta detalj och en story som hller hela vgen.  Frutom sin otroliga kraft och brutalitet finns det dmjuka och  eftertnksamma element som berr. Keanu Reeves r vertygande, Laurence  Fishburne r iskall och Carrie-Anne Moss r superb. Den mest fullmatade  DVD:n till dags datum, med massa extra film och finesser. ven du behver  veta: Vad r Matrix!
B000003Z12|5.0|I love all kinds of music, but this album is the one I reach for when I want to kick back and enjoy that evening sunset, a glass a wine and cool gulf breeze.  This one is one of a kind, a must for all who like to ESCAPE!
B00002Z88D|4.0|i am not a metal fan. but i love metallica based on who they are and not their music. however, when i heard no leaf clover on vh1, i knew that this was my opportunity to get into their music. this project only proves how  closely all music is related. in a world where artists keep making the same  music over and over again and collecting the checks, metallica seized the  opportunity to challenge themselves creatively and take their craft to  another level. hopefully, metallica fans will embrace this cd and fans of  good music will discover it as well. no leaf clover and the memory remains  are must listens. michael kamen does an outstanding job as guest conductor  of the symphony. and finally, much respect to the band -- their performance  is extraordinary. i'm blown away.
6303187064|5.0|What a movie: dark, scary and violent. It also has a sadness to it. Losing a loved one but coming back and avenging their death. Some may find it disturbing but other will just fall for it.
0440219078|4.0|This is not typically the type of book that I would choose to read. I read it for a college assignment. I thought the book was very different. It had some unique qualities that kept it interesting. As a future teacher, I felt  like it could be used as a great literature teaching tool. The characters  were realistic but the setting and plot were not. I did not particurarly  like the material  or ideas the the book promoted but canot rule out some  good literature qualities. This book is definently a book to read as an  assignment and not for pleasure.
6304259093|3.0|Like many have said, this is more of a remake than a sequel. It's also too dark and dirty. Instead of reflecting on the first film, it should have had more of an original story.
B00000K19E|5.0|Awesome, thought-provoking, and action-packed.  Normally Keanu Reeves doesn't strike me as a REAL actor, but I'd give a man a chance if he can dodge bullets the way Keanu does.  GET IT!
0780622545|4.0|This movie is to say the least absolutely mind boggling. A good story and the right touch of darkness makes this a favorite to all fans of science fiction.
B00002MZ12|5.0|With a voice as compelling live as it is in the studio,Alanis was a perfect pick for an unplugged appearance. In particular, the songs &quot;Joining You&quot; (which is a slowed down version of the song),  &quot;These are the thoughts&quot;, and &quot;You ougta know&quot; were  impecably executed. Alanis fans will also be happy to get their hands on  four previously unreleased songs, one of them being a cover of Sting's  &quot;King of Pain.&quot;
0792151712|2.0|All I had to say at the end was &quot;what&quot;.  I cannot believe after all everybody said about it being good, it turned out this horrible.  The special effects were good, and the overall movie was okay, but did they  really have to make it a love story?  It would have been just as  good--maybe even better-- if they left the love out.  I mean, maybe a  little, but the nudity, the sex scene, come on!  This is supposed to be  about the Titanic, not about teenagers.  They should have been a little  more realistic about the puppy love. Two teenage kids, not over 17 or 18,  having sex.  If you want a great movie that is truthful that leaves out  fiction to try to make it better, get Schindler's List.  It has to do with  real tragedy and horror.  Don't get me wrong, the Titanic was a big  tragedy, but the love scene and nudity and language could have been taken  out, and it would have been so much better.  Once again, no offense, but  why did James Cameron want to put something completely fiction into the  truthful tragedy?  Believe me, this movie did not float on my enjoyment.
0679745203|5.0|The writing is so incredibly beautiful and ephemeral that I couldn't put it down. You'll find yourself totally drawn into the complex emotions of each character and how they present their narrative. Timelines tend to  spiral through flashbacks, the story breaks into stream of consiousness at  times. Themes will resonate with individuals who have a certain amount of  life experience - younger readers might not be able to relate.
6305428387|5.0|...but funny nonetheless.  I haven't seen it since I saw it in the theatre the first time it came out, but all I remember was that I laughed so hard I was rolling.  But then again, I was a 10 year old, young and foolish, and  might not have known what was funny and what wasn't.  I still remember a  wee bit though, and I thought it was imaginative.  I mean, who else would  make a movie about bob sledding, and then adding a dash of humour?  Watch  it just for the fun of it.
B00001U0DP|5.0|My husband and I loved it.  We never imagined that such an horrendous episode in human history could be caught in a funny but still very sensitive way.  Guido (Roberto Benigni) is not only the perfect husband and  father but someone that could be the perfect role model for any person in  the world. I've been dreaming of this movie since I saw it four days ago.  He really deserved the Oscar. The movie really shows you that Life is  beautiful.
B000031XCR|3.0|Too many shrill sounds on this cd. The &quot;new&quot; music is very uninspired. I really respond to the enormas power of Celine Dions voice but found much of this cd without any sublety. Very little shading. Just  blasting, which we all know she can do. The old favorites are just that.  They can stand on their own.
0156907399|5.0|Yes, this is the best novel ever written using stream-of-consciousness narrative, Joyce not excepted, but it's unfair to introduce it that clinically.  Simply put, if you want the privilege of living briefly inside  the minds of some of the most ordinary and yet most compelling characters  ever conceived--and such a paradox is a tribute to Woolf's genius--read  this book.  Well worth the delicious effort.
B00000K19E|2.0|this movie is fun to watch, but so many people devote their lives to proclaiming how great it is, the script is weak, and and the stylizing is bleak, boring and cliche, but the action seens are very well done, i just  wish they where in a different movie and with a story that did have so many  loose ends, but you will probably love it
0790735431|5.0|Memphis Belle is my favirote movie of all time.  It has been my favirote movie since i was six.  The great cast and great story makes this film a real winner.  It is a great aviation and WW2 movie.  Anybody that likes  either of these kinds of movies will love Memphis Belle.
B000020617|5.0|If you've made up your mind not to purchase a Foo Fighters CD that fails to live up to the glory of &quot;The Colour and the Shape&quot;, then (1) you won't buy this CD, and (2) you're missing out on some great music. It  will be hard for Dave Grohl and the Foo Fighters to ever match the mastery  of their 2nd release, but their 3rd is still a cut above most of the music  being made today. If you fell for the catchy pop melodies of &quot;Learn to  Fly&quot;, then you'll fall again--over and over--for songs like  &quot;Aurora&quot;, &quot;M.I.A.&quot;, &quot;Breakout&quot;, &quot;Next  Year&quot;, and &quot;Aint It the Life&quot;. &quot;Stacked Actors&quot;  downright blows and doesn't really belong on the CD, but after that, every  song is priceless!
B00002MZ4W|5.0|After waiting for what seemed like forever for Fiona Apple's second effort, I had lost the enthusiasm for her music that I had after the release of Tidal.  After buying &quot;When the Pawn...&quot; however, my  enthusiasm is even greater before.  This new album is (as hard as it was to  believe for me) even better than Tidal.  The songs are more mature and  intricate and the lyrics will blow you away.<br />If Fiona Apple continues to  improve on her following records the way she did for her second, we can  expect only good things from this artist in the future.
0140186395|5.0|John Steinbeck's novel East of Eden is like Christmas.  It shows humanity in both it's extremes; the cruel underside like christmas shoppers, but more frequently the good will to all men (and women) which makes the world  a wonderful place.  Most importantly Steinbeck stresses the fact that we  are the ones who decide whether we are good or evil, however he is not  moralistic and the bad people do not always come to a sticky end.   Ultimatly East of Eden shows the rewards of 'being good' in terms of  personal satisfaction rather than material gain.  While not as overtly  socialist as 'The Grapes of Wrath' Steinbeck still includes some left-wing  views such as his approach to explaning racism by means of subhumanising  the victim.  East of Eden is more than an 'important' piece of 20th century  American fiction which should be read for dinner party conversation, it is  an stunning piece of work that once again reinforces Steinbecks position of  a great novelist with a excellent and hopefully justifiable knowlegde of  human nature.
B00000FDHG|5.0|I got the CD first then the box set and the CD is so spiritual and changed my whole perspective on life.  The necklace is nice with a leather band,  there is a bumper sticker, a CD holder, and a T-shirt.  This boxset is a  little expensive but it is a must if U R a true Alanis Morissette fan.
B0000022WA|5.0|The remake of this movie which was made in 1998 was a complete disaster. Haley Mills did a terrific job in playing the twins than Lindsey Lohan. I highly recommend this one than the remake!
B00000K19E|5.0|The Matriz is the best movie i have ever see, and i've seen a lot of movies! the special effects were amazing, the actors were great, the plot was ingenious, i loved it, the thought that we might be living in a dream  outside of real life is amazing, i loved it, and it gets better every time  i see it! i loved it!
6305627401|5.0|I have been a SP fan since the original short film was being emailed across the country. This film is a wonderful work of pure unadulterated satirical art. Its jokes are biting and cynical toward our social mores,  its language of course intended to hit our basic humor spot, and the songs  are brilliant. From a musical theatre standpoint, one can pick out which  amercian musicals, genres and movies these songs are influenced from.  &quot;Oklahoma&quot;, &quot;Les Miserables&quot;, &quot;Seven Brides for  Seven Brothers&quot;, to name a few. To the literate and learned, this  movie really shows its roots. Those who saw it as only toilet humor  certainly were unable to recognize what they were making fun of and the  roots from which they borrowed. I own this DVD and will watch it many more  times, hoping to see what else there is to discover.
B00000IOSU|5.0|Amazon.com readers,     I do not give out numerous fives, but Sarah deserves one for her live, unforgettable compact disc, Mirrorball. Her greatest hits album definitely piles up the old hits, and some new ones,  and gives way for one heck of an album. If you want a non-stop, definite  Sarah album, than this is the one for you. No mistake here whether or not  to give her a good score.
0876855575|5.0|Most fans of the late, great Charles Bukowski, myself included, list Ham On Rye as their favorite Bukowski novel - and rightfully so. This novel is actually a thinly-veiled autobiography of the man we knew and loved as  &quot;The Bard of Booze and Broads.&quot; We see through the eyes of young  Henry Chinaski as he comes of age in Depression-era America, the product of  a dysfunctional and physically abusive household. From his early childhood  as a desperately lonely, yet antisocial little boy to his adolescence  (where he struggles with crippling acne and develops a love of literature),  we see the genesis of a great writer. Bukowski pulls no punches (no pun  intended) in his descriptions of abuse suffered at the hands of his father,  a coldhearted, arrogant, sadistic SOB. The reader is drawn in to Bukowski's  passionate determination to be the exact opposite of what proper society  tries to mold its youth into. A powerful and heartbreaking read. Great  work, Buk! R.I.P - you will be missed!
B000006FNX|4.0|My fiancee thought this was a brilliant film and would like to purchase it on video.  He has all the other collection apart from this one.  Can anyone help out there?
B000002L5I|5.0|He may look like a long-lost Hanson brother, but DAMN can he play! I think that all of the comparisons to Stevie Ray are well founded, but it's not like he set out to rip off Stevie's sound. He just emulates it, and to me  there's nothing wrong with that. (If you really want to talk about a  blatant group of rip-off artists, let's talk about Oasis!)
B00000J7J4|5.0|Amazon readers,   Santana has seduced us with his music in the past, but this is a miracle. He provides enough excitement and joy for eveyone on the planet in this one compact disc. Whether it is meaningful or not, Santana definitely brings the fun and pureness back into his life with  Supernatural.
B0000029GA|5.0|A great first album for an already accomplished star.  A great compulation of hip-hop hits, one for the ages.
6304342586|5.0|Face it.  If you love 1970's diaster films, you'll get a giant kick out of this entry.  Starring many &quot;major&quot; stars of the day...it has it all.    Anticipating who's going to get it next is why we love these movies  right...so  you won't be let down.  However, find the video that is  letterboxed, because you really loose the &quot;grandeur&quot; of the  moment without it.  Besides the opening helicopter sequence looks so much  better!  Its a movie you can watch over and over again...like all the great  disaster flicks!
0312853238|5.0|I read this book in high school (in 1993) and have since given each copy I have purchased to any friend that has not already read the book!  I have given away a dozen copies and will continue to give each copy I have to a  new friend each time I learn that they like any genre of reading.  Read  this book not once but once every two to three years, you will enjoy  picking up more details that never occurred to you the first time!
B000000OA6|5.0|I don't need to reiterate that this is a great album, but I'll say it anyway.  Like a lot of Queen's songs, you can enjoy it as some very talented musical and poetic creations (or if you just enjoy the noise).  Or  you can analyze it to death as I tended to do:<br />I see some evidence of how  deeply disturbed Freddie Mercury has been by his religion.  First, Bohemian  Rhapsody bemoans how his god made his life a living hell.  Then, the  moaning finally stops in Innudendo, where he questions the motives of his  god.  Note the cover of the album is of God the Trickster.  (Actually, it's  a modified copy of The Jugler of Universes by Jean Ignace Isador  Jerard/Grandville.)<br />If you enjoyed the audio CD, try to find the video of  Innuendo (and the other pieces on this album).  There are clips of  Scaramouches doing the Fandango.
B000021XR5|3.0|Since the last STP release, the world has seen the ascent of aggressive, homogenous, frat-boy rap/rock, yet another nail in the casket of all that rock fans hold dear. Lead singer Weiland, meanwhile, spent the interim  between albums trying  hard to be Bowie on his solo album and getting  busted and ultimately incarcerated for dope. You wouldn't know any of it  listening to this LP, all rowdy, dirgy rocking like its 1994, not an  electronic bleep or drum machine or rap inflection to be found, to their  credit. It probably doesn't stand up to their old output, as some have  noted; its less instantly recognizable, less easily melodic, more tarnished  by Weiland's heroin rants and inscrutability (to his credit). Its a better,  tougher, more uncompromising sound. That said, this is also undoubtedly a  transistional album for the band, but the band's future is so uncertain.  High point--the must-hear haunted 'Atlanta', one of their best songs. Some  irresponsible journalists labled this album as the one that just might save  rock and roll--it won't, and its a shame.
B000002HRE|1.0|But something happended to the members of Metallica because it's no rational to make albums such as Master Of Puppets and then Reload and Load... since the black album Metallica started to make bad music, too bad  because they used to make wonders.
0790734850|5.0|Though I really loved &quot;Titanic&quot; I have to admit that &quot;L.A. Confidential&quot; is a superior film in every respect.  What a great movie this is.  I place it alongside &quot;Chinatown,&quot; &quot;Double  Indemnity&quot; and &quot;The Big Sleep&quot; as one of the greatest film  noir of all-time.  This movie features Oscar caliber performance from every  cast member and Kim Basinger was, indeed, terrific in her award winning  effort as the Veronica Lake-ish prostitute who finds herself embroiled in  the wrongdoings.  Kevin Spacey (a personal favorite of mine) and Russell  Crowe were stupendous, with Guy Pearce and James Cromwell equally  fantastic.  Danny DeVito's portrayal of the sleazy magazine editor/writer  was, also, simply terrific.  Not a weak link to be found anywhere in this  gem of a movie.  The script is taught and intelligent, the attention to  detail faultless, the acting and direction first rate and the atmosphere  almost tangible.  I cannot recommend this movie enough.  Fantastic.
B000002I53|5.0|&quot;Every Time We Say Goodbye&quot; breaks my heart every time I listen to it. McCoy Tyner's piano solo is possibly the most artfully structured and emotionally evocative improvised piano solo ever recorded. &quot;But  Not For Me&quot; lifts me out of my pensive melancholy and sends me merrily  on my way.<br />Also recommended: &quot;Pentatonic Scales for the Jazz Rock  Keyboardist&quot; by Jeff Burns.
6305537798|5.0|This movie rocks!   Perfect combo of comedy &amp; romance.  I loved the scene where he sings for her.  I was disapointed that that song and I CAN'T GET ENOUGH OF YOU BABY by COLOUR FIELD wasn't on the sound track though.   Great cast, great script.  What more can I say?  Except that guy who gave  10 reasons why it sucks is not only totally wrong but he really needs to  lighten up.
B000002B7Y|5.0|This is one his best cd's and it makes me mad to see these other people talking bad about it.  If you like ozzy, you need to buy it because it has a lot of good songs you have never heard before.
B000002I99|4.0|Welcome to my nightmare is a really classic alice record that is hailed as a masterpiece by most of his fans,,,,and maybe his most appriciated  solo-record. In my opinion its a bit, but just a bit over-rated. It is not  the ultimate alice record if you look at the specific songs themselfs,  outtaken from its whole. But thats not the point here anyway. Its not as  great as &quot;Billin dollar babies&quot; and &quot;from the inside&quot;  but it is definately a great album and a must for the hardcore Alice-fan.  In the suberb opening track Alice welcomes you to the trip through his  nightmare and you just need to sit back and enjoy. The highlights of this  album is &quot;welcome to my nigthmare&quot; &quot;devils food&quot;  &quot;cold ethyl&quot; &quot;the awakening&quot; and of course the  brilliant &quot;only women bleed&quot; which is one of the best alice songs  of all time......but as i said, this is not an album to pick out songs  from. Enjoy the nightmare fram the first tune to the last as it is meant.  ALICE COOPER IS GOD.
B00002MZ12|5.0|This is a great album, but I really think some great songs were forgotten, such as &quot;Pollyana flower&quot;, &quot;Unsent&quot;, &quot;So pure&quot; or &quot;Hand in my pocket&quot;. I'd have been better as a  double CD. The best track is &quot;Head over feet&quot; (it's always been  my favourite), but all the tracks have an incredible power and feeling. I'm  really glad she included &quot;These  R the thoughts&quot;!  Besides, I  just saw her live for the 4th time, with the SFIJ/Unplugged show. I didn't  like it as much as the JLP show, but Alanis is still a goddess. My only  complaint is that her lyrics are more complicated and personal each time,  some songs are hard to understand when you don't know the story behind  them. But that's the way art is done, isn't it?
0393317552|5.0|This book is an extremely penetrating and illuminating sketch of the last 13,000 years of human history, thus anyone who wishes to gain a greater understanding of the present should read it. I believe that this book has  the power to change minds or at least make people rethink their prejudices  and assumptions regarding humanity. I'd recommend it for this reason alone.  Indeed, this may well be the most important book one ever reads.
B00002MZ12|5.0|I am a very big fan of Alanis's Supposed Former Infatuation Junkie album because it didnt get much airplay and it wasnt overplayed like many songs off of Jagged Little Pill. This album ranks higher than both of  these...even the overplayed songs sound good.  This CD is one of the best  of all time in my opinion, I do wish she included some more songs off of  Junkie, though.  No Pressure Over Cappucino, Joining You, and Princes  Familiar are by far the best songs on the album.  The live versions of You  Learn and That I Would Be Good are also good because they are stripped of  their fake drum beats.  I would reccommend this album to anyone who is a  fan of acoustic music.
B00002MZ4W|5.0|I was skeptical when I read all the glowing reviews of this album.  People said she &quot;matured&quot; since Tidal, and I didn't think it was possible. (I mean, I thought her sound was pretty mature on her debut  album.) After listening to nothing but this album for the past  week,however, I can truly say that Fiona Apple has topped herself this  time.  My favorites are &quot;On the Bound&quot;, &quot;To Your Love&quot;,  &quot;Paper Bag&quot;, &quot;A Mistake&quot; and &quot;I Know&quot;.  It is  mind-boggling to consider that an artist this young can write and deliver  such deep, powerful material. This music is definitely unique, you won't  hear anything like it on the radio. Fiona is as gifted as they come--a true  poet, artist and musician, and what a voice!
B000031XCR|1.0|...an eardrum piercing collection of Dion's over-the-top recordings. What would the season be without a reprise of her nasal bray on &quot;Because You Loved Me&quot;, her bombastic bellowing of &quot;It's All Coming Back  To Me&quot; or her really terrifying rendition of &quot;To Love You  More&quot;. Hasn't anyone ever told her these are supposed to be LOVE  songs?  Dion doesn't just sing a song, she obliterates it to Kingdom Come.  The only thing missing is an accompanying video to WATCH Dion flailing her  fists around like King Kong.
B00000JCB2|1.0|Twenty years from now, all of these 5-star reviews will look pretty silly.<br />Oh wait, they look silly already.
0679416781|5.0|A delightful, sensitive and realistic insight of a mans mind and relationships during his stunningly narrated geographical explorations in Africa, as well as the sentimental and ethic dilemas he confronts towards a  woman dalled Katherine while the German Army finds a way into Kairo during  WWII. All remembered through his invalid situation and been taken care by  Hanah McGann, a canadian nurse, being the bond between the two beautifully  narrated. An instant Classic!
0679735259|5.0|I found this book lurking on a forgotten shelf in my University library and picked it up because I had nothing better to do.  Little did I know that I was in for a nightmare journey into some of the most terrifying,  beautiful, exciting and sometimes darkly funny prose I have ever come  across.  The narrative itself is just that, a nightmare, where reality  becomes unhinged and the reader is never quite sure whether Herr is telling  the truth or hallucinating.  As a twenty-something South African I would  have appreciated a little more detail about events that Herr assumes are  common knowledge, but this aside, the book is one of the best I have read  this year.
B000002KHY|5.0|Anyone who is remotely a James Taylor fan will love this cd.  It contains his very best.  I never tire of hearing it.
044022165X|5.0|This is my first Grisham book.  I am not a big BOOK reader, but Grisham opened my eyes to what I have been missing.  My girlfriend is a big fan, and because of her and this book, I am too.  Grisham has a way to keep you  reading on and on.  He's an excellent writer and I recommend this book to  anyone.  The book is a lot better than the movie.
B000000OA6|5.0|INNUENDO is a must for anyone who's into QUEEN's Splandeur Rock/Heavy Metal/Operatic-style Music. I Love It! Being a Queen fan all my life (still do), I always cherish 'Queen' music. Innuendo really is a display of  remarkable skills by Freddie, Brian, Roger &amp; John. Buy it now!
B0000029DD|5.0|I first picked up this record on the basis of the front picture.  I had never before heard of Jeff Buckley and to see a young man from the 90's with a 50's microphone persuaded me to buy it.<br />After the first play, I  just had to reasses my taste in music.  This was the most inspiring record  that I have ever heard and one that I couldnt get bored with, even if I  tried.  Jeff Buckley's vocal and musical ability was something that I was  and shall still be eternally jealous of.  His songs are so emotional that  they could bring many people to tears.  The biggest regret is that I never  saw him live and there will never be another 'Jeff Buckley' that will even  come close to the ability that he had.<br />If you want soulful, passionate  music sung by someone with the most beautiful voice in history, then I  suggest You buy this record.
6305358567|4.0|Elizabeth is a remarkable historic database! It is a movie concerning the ascension of a new English queen, queen Elizabeth I, in a country divided by religious matters, when catholics and protestants established a civil war due to their contradictory ideologies. The highlight of this motion picture is, undoubtly, Cate Blanchett's performance as the virgin queen, which is not an easy role to perform; even though, she performed it with spectacular talent: a queen that governed with her heart and to her people, a queen married with England!
0804106304|5.0|&quot;The Joy Luck Club&quot; by Amy Tan is a very good book. It describe the lives of the first and the second Chinese generations in American,and how different are their lives. On the other hand there are some similars in  their lives on some points.When I as a Chinese who has been American about  five years read that book sometimes I feel the person she diescribed is me.  It also make me understanding the different ways of thinking between  generation like me and generation like my perants.When I read this book, it  just like I met a understandable friend. It is a very good book to read and  I highly recommend it.
B00000G3PA|4.0|Great action and cinematography. Bruce Willas was superb. Ving Rahames at his best. Steve Buscemi made the film that much more enjoyable. Ben Affleck and Liv Tyler supplied enough plot to make the movie enjoyable for woman.  In all the movie was far fetched but well worth watching. One hell of a  show on DVD.
B00003A9QL|5.0|This album is by far the best Metallica job yet. It has just about all of their greatest hits, except Turn the Page or the Unforgiven (1 &amp;2), which is the only bad part. The orchestra really helps the songs, but  doesn't limit them at all. A Must Buy!  UNC Rules!
B00000IBRX|3.0|The theme of What Dreams May Come is everything except original: one more time there is more after life with a touch of romanticism. All the stereotypes concerning the after life, including those about heaven and  hell, are present; and the performances are far from convincing. What  really attracts attention in this motion picture are the astonishing visual  effects, never seen before: as an impressionist painting, the paradise is  an explosion of colors, a painted dream brougth to life by imagination; and  the other worlds are completely surrealist. It is a living painting, a  visual masterpiece, it is What Dreams May Come!
B000031XCR|1.0|David Foster is now boring me... The only song which I thought was good, is the last song... 'Live' Other songs were really boring with only Celine's screeching voice...
0780625129|5.0|American History X is one example of motion picture that can be called cinematographic art! It is absolutely not a film for those who go to the movies just for fun; it is, in fact, for those who face art as an object of  reflection about our world, ourselves and our lives. Proving that some  legacies must end, it is a motion picture in which the image worths a  thousand words, concerning a serious and real drama that affects not only  the America but the whole world: the prejudice, one of the most irrational  attitudes of the human kind. It is even better due to the remarkable  performance of Edward Norton. American History X is definitly one of the  best motion pictures ever produced concerning the racism legacy and one of  the most powerful movies of all times! Simply unforgettable.
B00000K3UU|4.0|Adam Sandler shows us his talents in his latest movie.  While it is still Adam Sandler, it doesn't have the humor which we come to love in Billy Madison or Happy Gilmore.  What we do get is a Down to Earth comedy which  will hit home for all ages.  This movie does go by a little slower then his  previous movies, but this moive is sure to be happy addition to any video  collection.  The DVD version includes the music video ofSheryl Crow's  version of &quot;Sweet Child of Mine&quot;, as well as the standard bios  and films of all the cast members.  The DVD looks wonderfull on fullscreen,  and although there really isn't that much going on sundwize.. it is still  available on 5.1 dolby
6304613199|3.0|I don't know why The Lost World producers insist in telling that this motion picture is based on the novel by Michael Crichton if almost nothing has survived from his remarkable story in this motion picture. &quot;If I  hadn't found a story I was interested in, Jurassic Park would have remained  just a nice memory for me,&quot; says Steven Spielberg. However, the  bestseller novel The Lost World, by Michael Crichton, which is really a  great story and the perfect sequel to Jurassic Park, seems to be  &quot;ignored&quot; by this motion picture producers and the  cinematographic adaptation of the original story became a running and  screaming breathtaking adventure with amazing visual and sound effects, and  an spectacular soundtrack, but with a little convincing story, completely  different from the proposal of Michael Crichton for The Lost World,  disappointing everybody who had read his novel. A lost story concerning a  Lost World!
B000023VR6|5.0|There's a lot of talk out there about Dre's new album, but the fact is the consistency and creativity does not dissappoint.  Listen to this album, listen to it again.  It hooks into your brain and doesn't let go.<br />Maybe  it's not the pioneering album like &quot;The Chronic.&quot;  But he's big  enough to step aside and let the new generation into the spotlight.<br />The  best part of the Chronic 2001 is that it doesn't depend on samples.  I get  tired of hearing other people's songs comin' out in a thousand varieties.   Everybody's getting Puff Daddy-ized.  It's time to use your brain  fool.<br />So, forget the haters and check this album of Dr. Dre and company.   It's a sound that'll catch your brain.
630518299X|4.0|On the air, unaware, being watched by the whole world! It's show time! It is the Truman Show! A touching story of a lifetime that shows how insensible the human being can be, manipulating a man's life and feelings,  confining him to a surreal world where life can even be perfect but is lack  of sensibility; just because it makes good television. With this extremely  inspiring and original screenplay, spectacular art direction and costume  design, a wonderful dramatic score, a show of interpretations by Jim Carrey  and Ed Harris, and a remarkable direction by Peter Weir (Dead Poets  Society); the Truman Show is an entertaining and dramatic cinematographic  production that makes us think about our own lives. Are they really true or  they are full of actors and frustrations? The decision between the true  life and The Truman Show belongs to us.
6305627401|5.0|This is a great movie.  If you are any kind of South Park fan, than this is your movie.  But if you are a person who hates profanity and very crude jokes, than this is not your movie.  But as I said a this is a movie for a  &quot;TRUE&quot; South Park fan.
1573225517|4.0|Ive read that men should not let their girlfriends read this book, because it gives up all of our secrets.  I don't think High Fidelity is so devistatingly honest, but one thing is for sure.  Hornby knows how to  relate the male experience better than most of the contemporary authors I  have read.  This book, in particular, has a stylish quality that is  refreshing.  The constant categorizing and listing the main character does  is so perfect.  It is easy to relate, as a music fan, to this character,  though one cannot help but wonder how he gets by, especially in London of  all places.  Hornby prooves witty and charming in High Fidelity.  I would  give it 5 stars, but I didn't want it to end the way it did.  If you like  good music, or being a man, or even if you want to get a bit of an idea how  we think, I definately recommend this one.
B000002TQV|5.0|This album is the most captivating album I've ever heard.  It sounds brilliant, and it has everything; it's hard, sofy, edgy, and beautiful.  I strongly recommend this album.
B000003TBP|5.0|It took me a while to warm up to this one, but now that I have, I can honestly say that it is one of the ten best records of the last decade.  I was a fan of Mellow Gold, so this album, which sounds radically different,  didn't really grab me right away.  Unlike Mellow Gold, which is a bit of a  large and oddly shaped pill to swallow, this is a slick, stylish, well  crafted record.  There isn't a bad song on this one.  In fact, I would say  every track on Odelay is worthy of being a single.  If you like Devil's  Haircut, or some of the new stuff on Midnight Vultures, you will probably  love the rest of the album.  I want Novocaine to play during the opening  credits to the movie of my life.
6305171769|5.0|I have reviewed Halloween 1 and 2 and thought since I recently bought a copy of this (for a reasonable price of 4.99)I should review it.  This was a great aniversary sequal, though there are a few mistakes in the movie but  who cares.  There is young new actors as well as the BEST Jamie Lee Curtis,  returning to play Laurie Strode.  This movie was as good as the other two.   And might I add, I gave Halloween 2 4 stars, I would like to change that to  5 now.  But if you love Halloween, watch this great sequal!
B00000IQC8|5.0|Clerks is a masterpeice.  Kevin Smith managed to completly convey the dreary existence of 90s youth in suburban America.  It isn't a pretty picture, this movie is gritty and challenging, at times.  I couldn't stand  it the first time I watched it.  It is difficult to choose whether to like  or hate Dante, the main character.  The same can be said of his anti-social  compatriots, as well as the vast majority of the characters, though some  are easier to hate than others.  The result is a compelling complexity,  which, along with the amazing wit, makes this a classic, must have film.   You dont even have to ever worked as a clerk to get it, these characters  resonate.
6304030983|4.0|I did not see this movie in the theatre, but we rented it last year on video and really enjoyed it.  Surprisingly, however, my 5-year-old son was wild about it!  I had heard it was too scary for young kids, but he loved  it.  In fact, it has become one of his all time favorite movies, and we  have rented it so many times (at his request) that we're going to buy the  video for him for Christmas.  The special effects in this movie are great,  and (unlike the professional reviewers), I think the character development  is fine.  I think reviewers forget that sometimes people watch movies just  for entertainment and fun!
B000031XCR|5.0|There are not one weak track on this album!   I love them all! Especially the remake &quot;the first time ever I saw your face&quot;. Celine Dion has a beautiful voice!   Go purchase this CD,you won't regret it!  To all the  Celine Dion haters out there, &quot;JEALOUS&quot;!
B0000042MY|4.0|I'm a bit of a soundtrack junky - if I find one I like, I buy it, &amp;  usually play it to death. <br />This is a favorite of mine - liked it ever  since the movie came out (not a bad movie, either, by the way!) I don't  normally add reviews, but Jerry McCulley's comments didn't ring true to me.  This is a very beautiful soundtrack which I can highly recommend. <br />Since  everybody else is doing it, favorite tracks are: 1,3,4,6,11<br />Bottom line:  I'm listening to it now, as I write this! That should say something! Enjoy!
B000002MP2|5.0|I've always said that 1994 was a great year for music, and this album confirms that.  Green Day, together with Offspring's Smash have brought back punk.  Of course it was mostly Dookie, a cd full of hits and classics  that never grow old.  The immortal When I Come Around lives on forever.   The songs are a daring and succesful attempt to bring back punk.  it  worked.  as a good friend of mine always says, 'Dookie forever!'  Rock On!
B000002VRZ|5.0|A souful album with some serious guitar wailing.  A great album to play during a downhome southern BBQ.  This is my first Outlaw album, but it won't be my last.
B00000JJQK|5.0|Few will argue that PET SOUNDS is one of the most significant musical releases in the 20th century. Some call it the best album of all time, and while I feel it is impossible to give any musical piece a definitive  &quot;best&quot; distinction, PET SOUNDS is a required album in any genuine  collection of modern music. What makes this particular reissue exciting is  the stereo remixing. While this remixing was initially created for the 4CD  PET SOUNDS SESSIONS, the remastered mono and stereo versions now fit on one  inexpensive disc. I don't have the historical perspective to decide which  version is better (after all, PET SOUNDS was released before I was born).  However, after hearing the mono version for dozens of times (on the 1990 CD  release), the stereo version on this 1999 remaster is a captivating  revelation. The problem I have with mono recordings is the lack of  soundstage depth and imaging. After all, you cannot reproduce the original  3D sound event with one channel. The stereo tracks blast this album wide  open. Instead of everything emanating from the center, voices and  instruments are placed in lifelike, floating space. Sonic texture and  detail is improved significantly and you can hear the &quot;air&quot;  around the instruments for the first time. The opening transition of  &quot;You Still Believe In Me&quot; is smooth, unlike the cut-and-paste  sound of the original mono version. Placing all of the harmonious voices in  &quot;God Only Knows&quot; is easier and the articulate positioning invites  close study of the arrangements and production. The only problem with the  stereo version is that it is a hack. While the stereo remixing was  performed under Brian Wilson's supervision, Mr. Wilson probably made  different decisions during the modern remixing sessions than he would have  made back in 1966. So the mono version remain the only true statement, from  a historical perspective at least. Fortunately, since both versions occupy  this disc, it doesn't necessarily matter which is better; both appear in  glorious form.<br />Just to fan the PET SOUNDS vs. SGT PEPPERS flames a  little, the stereo remixing reveals that Brian Wilson's offering is  superior to the Beatles. The little details and encompassing sounds of the  remixing suggest PET SOUNDS features the better production and creative  insight. But what remains, stereo remixing or not, is that PET SOUNDS is  personal emotion distilled into a 35 minute album. SGT PEPPERS, as  whimsical and confident and incredible as it is, is too self-aware and  pretentious (although it can be argued that pretension is derived from  genius). It tries so hard to be the best there ever was that some of that  genuine musician-listener connection is compromised. I speculate that SGT  PEPPERS receives its &quot;best album of all time&quot; distinction because  it is a Beatles release. It seems contradictory to award that distinction  to a somewhat ordinary West Coast band that the Beach Boys were. After all,  the Beach Boys had PET SOUNDS, but they didn't have REVOLVER, RUBBER SOUL  and ABBEY ROAD in their canon.<br />Possibly a more challenging question is:  PET SOUNDS or KIND OF BLUE?
B00002R0MC|5.0|If you only own one Bob CD this must be it!  Hard to get for years, now reissued.  Whoopeeee!
B00000K19E|4.0|Fast action combined with mind challenging logics. Advanced effects and animations with hi-tech gadgets and designerware. Just like in the W. Gibson novels.
6305627347|5.0|Not for kids.  This was one of the funniest movies I have ever seen.  If you like South Park you must see this movie.  I wish I would have seen it when it was in the theatre.
1573225517|5.0|Having just finished Hornby's 'Fever Pitch,' I decided to check out his first outing as a novelist. As a 32 year-old man, I can honestly say that this book really hit it out of the park (yes, I am American). I have never  read such an insightful and *honest* look at what it is to be a  30-something male in the 90's.  I felt like I knew this character like a  friend. He was that real. My only complaint is that the book was only 323 pages long; I could have taken much more of Rob Fleming and his mates.
B000021XS0|5.0|Only 4 words: THANK YOU VERY MUCH!  I am listening to Dream Theater's music for 7 years now. &quot;Images &amp; Words&quot; was an album I listened to for two years, every single day. It was the most impressive  album I ever heard. &quot;Awake&quot; was also great, but didn't reach the  status of &quot;I&amp;W&quot;.  And, I am sorry to say this, it got worse.  The next two albums were not Dream Theater! I didn't even buy &quot;Falling  into Infinity&quot;. I bought the live album, but I didn't like it, even I  was a great fan of DT live performances.  I shook their hands several  times, in Hamburg(Germany) and Bremen(Germany), of course, they don't  remember. I was just another crazy fan in the first row. I adored them, but  after &quot;Falling into Infinity&quot; I thougt: Oh, just another band  following the commercial way. This was was music, everybody wants to hear,  but not me. But with Metropolis PT 2: Scenes from a memory they hit again!  Home, this song discribes it all. Again, music I want to hear. It is the  best album I have ever listened to. Great vocals, big fat rhythm guitar,  amazing soli, monster drums and compulsive bass and keyboards! Thank you,  thank you, thank you very much, DT, I adore you again! YOU ARE THE BEST!  Jan-Olaf
B000002C1Z|5.0|Wow, this album is amazing. Even Gilmour who sang a bit on this album complained that lyrics were all too often complaining and let Roger Waters do it for the most part. I think Gilmour sings only the first half of Dogs  and thats it! But his guitaring is exemplary. I think the solos on Dogs and  Pigs kicks most of the top rock guitarists off the page and places Gilmour  firmly where he should belong: At the top. I like Roger as well and his  lyrics certainly ring true (it leans a lot toward paranoia and socialism).  Pay close attention to Rogers' bass guitar on the outro guitar solo on Pigs  on the wing - Part II. There is a rumour that Gilmour recorded it for the  album, but Roger composed it and played it live. But it is good.. Buy it if  you like the Floyd. Don't expect to get used to the music in your first  listen (It is not disco for chrissake).
0375707972|2.0|When I first picked this book up, I thought this would be a real thought-provoking novel about the Holocaust.  I was very disappointed and could not wait until I finished it so I move on to something more  enjoyable.  I thought the book lacked character development.  What was  worse, was the ending which left me feeling very unsettled.  Even if I  enjoyed this novel and wanted to recommend it, I would be too embarrased  because of the sleazy relationship between the woman and the boy half her  age.
B000002HMH|4.0|I'm 31 and I've been a Metallica fan since Kill'Em All came out. I would to say Load is another step for this great band. For all the people the people who say Metallica &quot;sold out&quot; are very wrong. Metallica  grew up artistically and musically. Both qualities are evident on this CD.  For the diehard metalheads this new evolution maybe too much for them.  Metallica survived the great metal dieoff of the early 1990s and evolved  into better band. After 15 plus years Metallica can still rock hard.....
B000001FK3|5.0|Discovering Cale is like stumbling on a diamond.  Maybe more like stumbling on a diamond mine because he has been quietly producing gems for almost 30 years now.  I would be hard pressed to think of a musician who  has produced more great work to less acclaim than Cale.<br />This album will  slip into your collection like a pair of ten-year old jeans (that still  fit).  At least two of these songs helped make careers for other artists  but none could be done as well as Cale himself does them.  He IS the  breeze.
B00000JCB2|2.0|When I first got this album, i thought it was amazingly good. But as time wore on, i just got more and more bored of it. Too many of the songs sound the same, usually with Fred Durst TRYING to rap, followed by a chorus that  is repeated way too many times. Some of the songs are just funny (read  PATHETIC). For instance, Give Me What You Got. It almost seems like he  doesn't care what words he's rhyming as long as they rhyme, making the song  incredibly lame. Also, in Break Stuff, Durst tries to swear as much as  possible, no matter how stupid it sounds. Don't get me wrong, some of the  songs are really good (Just Like This, Re-Arranged, Nobody Like You), but i  just think the CD was WAY too rushed. More time should have been spent on  these potentially good songs. Bottom Line: I was really dissapointed with  this CD. If you want a good band that sounds A LOT like Limp Bizkit, but  with 100% more talent, get (hed)p.e. There ARE other bands out there guys.  Just because MTV plays Limp Bizkit doesnt meant they are the best...
0790729628|5.0|This movie has it all. Superb acting performances (Ford, Young, Hauer), a very philosophical and yet gripping story based on the intelligent novella by Phillip K. Dick, and a spectacular realizaton by Ridley Scott. L.A. 2019  is the definite future noir place in science fiction movies. Add the very  sublime soundtrack by Greek musical god Vangelis and you get a work of art  that is exceptional in every aspect. An experience which will stay with you  for a long time.
6300216209|4.0|An all-American pampered college boy meets a feminist girl and they fall in love. Potentially a piece of sentimental trash turned into a creative motion picture worth seeing set against an impeccable New England backdrop.  Slightly predictable, but provides 100 minutes of pleasing entertainment  with a great score.
B00000J7J4|3.0|This CD is pretty good.  Many of the combo songs are excellent.  What this  CD lacks in vast quantities is the unique sound of Santana's earlier works.  When I first purchased Abraxas, I could not stop listening to it. When I  purchased Supernatural, I listened to it a few times and then put it away.   Occassionally I listen to some of the songs, but I have yet to develop the  same affinity for it that I have for Abraxas.  If you like &quot;pure&quot;  Santana, this is not for you; if you want good music with a few amazing  riffs, then buy away.
1893364003|5.0|This video is a masterful offering. It expands on the basic premise of music and gesture, bringing to life an artist's love of color and the visual image. The use of windows for the dancers is veritably unusual and  mysterious.  The music is deeply moving.
B0000062FL|5.0|When I first purchased this CD, I could not stop listening to it.  I played it for hours on end, non-stop, in my house, my car, and my portable CD player when all else failed; it is truly mesmerizing, and always a joy  to listen to.  The music featured on this CD is by far superior to  Supernatural, as well as most contemporary music.  A must have for anyone  who even thinks about enjoying music!
B00002MZ2T|5.0|Savage Garden has done it again...their second album is amazing. Darren Hayes has such a beautiful voice, and he puts it to good use!  (i.e., he doesn't sing only ballads like Sarah Maclachlan) And Daniel is incredibly  talented--they're an awesome duo! The slow songs are so touching, with  great lyrics and catchy tunes.(I want to play them at my wedding) And the  fast songs have good beats and a lot of infectious energy. I love it!   Admittedly, some of the lyrics in the title track are so sappy they should  be in a Disney flick, but it doesn't detract from the overall presentation  of the album. This is an absolute must-have for your collection!
B000031XCR|5.0|This CD is nothing less than excellent. Just look at the track listing- 9 songs that have come to define the superstar (&quot;The Power Of Love&quot;, &quot;If You Asked Me To&quot;, &quot;To Love You More&quot;,  &quot;It's All Coming Back To Me Now&quot;, etc.), and 7 new ones that give  fans something to hold them over til she returns. &quot;That's The Way It  Is&quot; is a welcome, refreshing choice that proves Celine is not just a  ballads singer and gives radio and MTV something brand new from her to play  over and over again :-) &quot;I Want You To Need Me&quot; will be another  staple ballad for her, &quot;If Walls Could Talk&quot; will surely eat up  Top 40 Radio with its sexy, sensual R&amp;B/Country flavor whenever  &quot;That's The Way It Is&quot; runs out of steam (in like 9 months).  &quot;All The Way&quot; and &quot;Live&quot; prove she can mop up the floor  with killer standards, and &quot;The First Time Ever I Saw Your Face&quot;  is a soulful, haunting piece of work that Roberta Flack will absolutely  love. All in all, nothing is out of place on this priceless collection.  Though we miss her many other big hits like &quot;Where Does My Heart Beat  Now&quot;, &quot;Nothing Broken But My Heart&quot;, and &quot;All By  Myself&quot;, it is definitely a must for everyone's CD collection.
B000031XCR|5.0|Hello! This album is WONDERFUL and as always Cline touches my heart! I do not get words to describe this feeling, but  I know it's true. And  &quot;All The Way&quot; means the way all fans Love You Cline!  Je t'aime  beaucoup!
0684867621|5.0|This book is an excellent example of the growing maturity in the works of Stephen King. Now that King has finally decided to stray from his previous path of writing horror stories, we can truly see the extent of his talent.  With his recent stories: Wizard and Glass, Bag of Bones, The Green Mile and  Hearts in Atlantis (His best books by far), and now this beautiful tale of  courage and the human spirit, Stephen King fans can finally see how diverse  and amazing Kings' books can be. And for all of the people that said this  book is boring and not true to Kings true genre, horror, you really need to  wake up and see that he is now writing better than he ever has.
6305627371|5.0|If you like SP on tv, you'll love them on the big screen. This movie has to be viewed atleast 3 times because you'll laugh so hard you'll never hear all the jokes. If your looking for politically correct don't go here!
B000002OX5|5.0|This is the great album of this, at times, frustratingly unproductive band.  The snappy jingles and sharp satire of a pirate radio broadcast provide the canvas for the most impressive recording the who made.  The raw  power which became their trademark is not yet evident.  In its stead is a  sparkling succession of melodious, hookladen pop and pseudopsychaedalia,  held together by some fine three part harmonies.  Why the Who did not  pursue three part harmonies again is a mystery.  The flavour of the album  is distinctly British and whilst in fairly stark contrast to the zeitgeist  of 67/8 ( being considerably more intellectual and humorous than pelvic and  textural ) it is by any measure a period piece.  The obvious conclusion  after listening to this album ( and particularly remastered with plentiful  extra tracks ) is that this was a band overflowing with creativity and  tunes.  All the more saddening then that ambition hampered output for the  following 7 years.
B00000IRED|5.0|Just a great movie. I don't even like Jim Carrey but this movie is not to be missed. It makes you hope that you too can escape from your own little world.
6300268470|5.0|Dean Martin and the Duke in the same western directed by Howard Hawkes, how brilliant is that? My favorite movie of all time. John Wayne has his usual poise and Dean Martin adds an amzingly powerful touch. Mixed with the  spice of Angie Dickinson, humur of Walter Brennen, and youth of Ricky  Nelson. Rio Bravo is an underated clasic western. Watch it and see what I  mean.
B00003000M|5.0|I've bought 3 other Marley albums from Amazon, and they are my favorite cd's, but this is on the top of the list.  It's the same Marley I've always known, but alittle more bass, and more life, which makes it the best.
0385484518|5.0|Have had the book for one year.  Wanted to read it and sat down this weekend and could not put it down.  I could not have made a better choice for Thanksgiving weekend to read such a book of thanksgiving and putting  words to the celebration of life...I now would like to get this book for  every &quot;Tuesday person&quot; I have and hope that each of them has a  &quot;Tuesday person,&quot; too.<br />A page turner that puts a face on what  life is all about in a celebratory way that teaches lessons that each of us  should be grateful to learn before we become terminally ill!
B00003000M|5.0|This compilation is off da hook. It sounds like he is alive. On each cut it sounds like Bob is in the studio smiling while each of the artist duet with him. Everytime I listen to it it reminds me of Psalm 90:4. Steve did  an excellent job in producing. Check out tracks 1-12, I guarantee you will  feel JAH spirit.
0887307280|5.0|As a business consultant I can not sing the praises of the book enough. I have recommended this book to many clients all of who have said it was of great benefit. Read it BEFORE you go into business!
B00002Z88D|4.0|This doesn't deserve a 4 star, but it does deserve a 3.5 star and since that is not possible I chose 4.  The reason this is  not a perfect CD is because it is LIVE.  I hate live CD's.  I am not there, when I'm there I'll  scream yell and go insane but I am not there.  Secondly they messed up  Master of puppets, Enter Sandman and a few other songs.  Other songs were  good while some others were exellent.  This CD is NOT perfect but it's  worth buying
6303979882|5.0|When I first saw this movie, I wasn't really paying attention...*if you know what I mean...* Well I saw it again, and couldn't talk my eyes of the TV! It was so good, and I have already ordered it to be sent to me on DVD  when it comes out. (Dec. 14, 99) I cant wait for it to come in the mail,  and my best friend is visiting for chritmas, and we're gonna spend all day  watching our favorite movie, Now and Then.
0380973464|1.0|Picked this up with high expectation--disappointment grew with each passing page. It was a struggle to finish this overblown exercise in irrelevant minutia--could easily have been halved.  Take a pass on this  one...
B000007T1M|4.0|Take a look at the artist statement above... he seems a bit egotistical, doesn't he?  How does he know he's as intelligent as the rest of the world?  EVERYONE thinks they're as smart as the rest of the world.  He says his  lyrics are insulted... but who can understand the lyrics?  I quite enjoy  SOAD's music, and if I could understand what they were saying, I just might  concur with their self-review.  But until then...
0671449028|5.0|Wonderful rhyme, great humor.  We started reading this to our daughter at 6 months and at 14 months it is still a fav.
0060922583|2.0|I agree with some of the distaff comments here.  This book proves that if you give people a light they will follow it anywhere.  In this case, the hologram is strutted across the stage as a governing principle of the  universe.  It explains everything and therefore explains nothing.  One  seems to forget that paradigms are a dirty word in science.  They block  inquiry, prejudice experience and bind the intuition into a straight jacket  of facile panaceas.  For those who wish to feed their occult conceits with  poorly substantiated scientific half-trues then this book is for you.  If  your mind seeks knowledge through skepticism and open inquiry, then pass  this one over.
630339406X|4.0|One of the early steps on Tom Hanks's journey to the annals of the Great Actors of the 20th century, this movie was, in a word, terrific.  It had terrific acting, a terrific plot, and terrific writing... Tom Hanks is one  of our national treasures, so to speak, and his portrayal of a 30-year old  kid is dead on.  This movie is one of those highly recommended ones every  family should see.
0684859106|2.0|I had high hopes for this book, but was disappointed.  The blueberry muffins were terrible.The recipe called for three cups of flour, which I thought seemed like quite alot.  The muffins tasted bland, like cooked  flour.  Maybe it's a misprint.  I also made the butterscotch cheesecake  brownies.  They were very sweet, overdone at the edge and underdone in the  center.  I consider myself a skilled baker, and the directions were clear.   I was not happy with the results.
B000002C1X|5.0|There are no words to desrcibe the genius of this record. No matter what I say about it, I still would not be doing it justice. Everyone should own and expierence this album. You can't just listen to it, it won't let you  simply listen to it, you expierence the mood and the feeling of the wall.  Take a TRIP through a true genius's mind and buy The Wall. And if you can  handle it let me also recommend seeing the movie. The only other rock  albums you can even compare the Wall too, are the other Pink Floyd albums.  They are truely the greatest band EVER!
0451452739|5.0|the part namend THE DAWN OF MAN change ones life read the book and thotsh the spirit of creation of human civiliation
B000002JS6|5.0|There is not a song on this album that I dislike.  I typically leave this cd in my car and sing along with its absurdly high lyrics.  Why some people gave this cd 1 star baffles my mind.  This cd was 16th on the best sellers  list the last time I checked.  I has probably gone down by then but you get  the idea.  All San Diego Padres fans know ACDC because the terrific Hell's  Bells is the theme song for Trevor Hoffman.  Anyway if you don't buy this  album your missing out on a gold mine.  If you give this album a 1 star  rating you with surely go to HEAVEN. haha, Have fun.
B00001U03Q|3.0|It would indeed be difficult to detect the apotheosized Clapton in these selections.  But, then again, unless his early work were considered firmly within the context of the times in which they were produced, Eric the God  would be hard to discern there, too.  Just too many guitar wizards have  come along since then--largely due to Clapton's own innovations--for the  unschooled to appreciate how mind-blowing his stuff was in the early and  mid-sixties.     The constant in Clapton's career has been change--at least  half-a-dozen different incarnations.  Combining this CD with the previous  &quot;Cream of Clapton&quot; does indeed provide a &quot;Chronicle&quot; of  that story.  It also reveals the inconsistency of his work--that his  experimentation doesn't always pay off. &quot;Layla&quot; reflects well the  other side of the same emotion that drove the original, and &quot;My  Father's Eyes&quot; represents easily the most sophisticated poetic vision  and lyrical expression of his career to date.  &quot;River of Tears&quot;  isn't far behind.  Those two gems, though, don't offset the cost of an  overly pop-ish sound that characterizes his current product.  Here,  &quot;Before You Accuse Me&quot; says well enough where his greatest  strengths lie.  Overall, this volume reminds us that the very best must  continually experiment, and that even the very best usually produce ten  pounds of junk to get at an ounce of greatness.  Years from now, when all  but the diamonds have been worn away by time and forgetting, Clapton's  deification will ring true.  We--both fortunately and unfortunately--get to  experience the cumbersome process that will produce that effect.
B000002H33|5.0|Oh my god.  Metallica at its best.  It is too bad that Metallica sold out and has become alternative.  There is no way I will waste my money on that trendy junk.  This album is fantastic start to finish.  The best part is  that I never get tired of hearing it.  Now matter how many time I hear  Master of Puppets, Welcome Home, Orion, and all the others I never get  tired of them.
630414542X|3.0|I saw this movie a few years ago...and it is still one of my absolute favourites. Sean Connery and Lambert does a great performance. I started thinking i was watching a documentary of immortals or something...almost  hiding behind the couch in order to not get my head cut off. The atmosphere  of the movie is encredible. The only bad thing is the sound(horrible)...its  better than vhs but not much.The people behind this dvd really messed the  thransfer up. If u are a big fan of highlander then you will probably buy  this anyway,but for the rest of us its not worth it.  It contains the worst  got damn sound Ive ever heard in a dvd. Rent the movie or record it from  cable instead,dont buy this.
B00000K19E|5.0|The Matrix DVD is awesome. This was the reason I bought a DVD player. Heck I even bought The Matrix DVD before I got my DVD player. I've watched this like 6 times already and I never get tired of it. I really liked the  &quot;Follow the White Rabbit&quot; special feature in which you get to see  how certain scenes were filmed. Buy this DVD ASAP!
6304539282|5.0|If you have never seen Han Solo, Luke Skywalker, Darth Vader, or Boba Fett, then you need too.  You will be happy to know, that this trilogy is fully redone with THX surround sound, enhanced film, new scenes and  suprises.  Buy this trilogy, and you won't be dissapointed.
B000023VR6|5.0|Dr. Dre's new CD has some great beats, great guests ( except Eminem ), and great lyrics. I really like the flow of the CD; it's more of a slow groove, which is a perfect compliment to Dre's theme on this CD: he's older, wiser,  and he's more laid back. A must-buy for any fan of Dre or for anyone  looking for something fresh from rap.
0195812115|3.0|The Hound of the Baskervilles is an interesting book.  I thought that it was a little hard to follow at first, but it gradually got better.  In the end, The Hound of Baskervilles was a good book, but I have read better  books before.
B000021XS0|5.0|I think it's the very best album of Dream Theather. You feel strange sensation on hear it. Good work, Dream Theather! Petrucci is the best!
0201485672|5.0|I have just finished reading the book and I am very impressed with what is in it. The book is not only interesting to read because of the refactoring techniques but to a large extent (IMHO) it has invaluable insight into  object oriented design. If you are going to read just one book about  OOD/OOP let this be the one.
0380973464|4.0|The beauty of Stephenson's work has always been the depth of research into the subject, and this is no different. Although Cryptonomicon is not sci-fi, i think it will still have enough technical jargon to keep the  cyberfiends interested, with story flashing from a modern day information  storage company to second world war ancestors of these characters. The  second world war stories are based loosely about code breaking (funnily  enough), the effect that it had on the outcome, and also, the lengths that  were gone to to hide the fact that codes had been broken. Stories of  different characters merge and split with gay abandon, leaving you  wondering who will meet up with who next, or who's relative will emerge in  the present day story. To be brief, it is a joy to read. Technical data on  code breaking which could have started to bog the book down, becomes as  easy as 'pooning a cab in Stephenson's agile hands. Don't get me wrong, it  is a different read to his past stuff, but with the promise of more books  in the series (not sequels, just more people with a connection to crypto)  it may be the brink of a new style. If you can get your hands on the  hardback copy you will see that the attention to detail does not even stop  in the narrative, with pages cut to different sizes in order to  artificially age the book. Great story, beautiful book, fantastic author.
6304466498|5.0|I want every Mel Brook movie eve made.  He is hilarious!  His movies are a wonderful cure for the blues.
B000006UNG|5.0|More of a preface to their later albums than a reprise of their earlier work, \\"Colour of Spring\\" shines very brightly.  Every single track is gorgeous, and the sound quality in the remastered version is a  noticeable improvement over an already good original recording.  If you  want to get into talk talk, this is the album that I would recommend.   \\"Happiness is Easy\\" and \\"Life's What You Make It\\" are  two very accessible cuts that made into college and late night radio back  in the second half of the 80s.  The rest of the album is equally brilliant,  and on the whole it can serve as a good introduction to \\"Spirit of  Eden\\" and \\"Laughing Stock\\", their later, more challenging  albums.  The introspective, atmospheric, and sometimes atonal, evolution of  the band's music can be foreseen here.  I would bet that, if you get this,  you'll be hooked and will want more.  Don't be afraid to make the move and  go for their later stuff: it's pure genius!
0812523334|5.0|This book was amazing! I couldn't put it down. I highly recommend it for children and adults.  Happy reading.
1891252089|5.0|This is a gem of a book.All the asanas of the first and second series are depicted in huge and clear photos plus easier alternatives for all the postures plus  shortened 15,30 and 45 minutes series for people with less  time.Clear instruction on all the main points of Ashtanga Vinyasa Yoga as  taught by PK Jois of Mysore, are to be found in this book.This is easily  the best Asthanga manual in existence right now, and it's considerably  better than the Beryl Birch &quot;Power Yoga&quot; book.
0446310786|5.0|My book is &quot;The killing of Mockingbird&quot; by Harpern Lee.  This book is a story of a family withtwo kids one boy and girl.   They are brother and sister.  They live on a house in a small town. This town is so  small so everybody knows everything about ecah other and their family and  what is going on in their home.  As the Title says the killing of  Mockingbird which is a sin, if anybody ever kills a Mockingbird, it  considers as a big sin.  In this book the father of the kids, kills the  Mockingbird by accident and all of them get worry about that.  This book  talks about the curse they had.  It is a nice and intrusting novel to read.   This novel will introduce you with so many different kind of people, and  it will show u a totally different world and society and culture.   This is  a great book and I would like to recommend every one to read this book.  I  am sure that everyone would love to read this book.  When I first started  to read this book my intrust was keep on increasing every time. It was  making me to read more because the story of this book is like a mistry  story.  You will find yourself kind of exieted to know what is going to  happen next.
0684800713|4.0|It is indeed Hemingway at his best! the novel was written in the late 1920's but the entertainment and the passion for the fun loving european lifestyle depicted in this book is interesting and timeless.
B00000DHRZ|5.0|THIS CD RULES. I BOUGHT IT WHEN IT CAME OUT. IT PROVES THAT THEY SPEND MORE TIME ON THEIR SONGS THAN ANY OTHER BAND. BBBBUUUUYYYY THIS CD
B000031XCR|5.0|Like other reviewers, I too wish that several of Celine's previous big hits were here on the album as well as the more recent hits chosen.  Also a song in her native French/Canadian language would have been a treasure on  the album.  However, this is a great selection, pleasant to listen to,  especially &quot;All the Way&quot;, which Celine sung so beautifully that I  wished she'd done it herself rather than in a duet with Sinatra.   &quot;Live&quot; is unexpectedly thoughtful.  This is a lovely album,  surpassing the performances on her recent TV special, that it is worth  adding to your collection even if you have all her previous CDs.  The only  sad point is that we won't have a new album from this artist for a while  since she is on a deserved hiatus.
B000023VR6|2.0|Chronic 2001.<br />Now I'm sure about it , Dr De never produced or created the Death Row sound. Dazz was the real genius behind him, Dr Dre took all the credits. There is so much difference between the present Dre work and  the Death row albums that there is no other explanation. The 2001 tracks  are for most part under produced, unfinished and not really sophisticated.  Dre (? ) sound was heavy layered with a very high precision, now it's  poorly arranged with simplist dry synth or piano.<br />I don't buy the fact  that he wants to change his sound. It never created it. Dr Dre is  sounding  now as a mid-funk RZA and for me it's not a compliment. Listen to the Dazz  album and compare it with the 2001 album production. Listen to a Death row  album and compare it with the tracks Dre \\"produced\\" for the last Snoop  album. Listen to a Death row album and compare it with the tracks Dre  \\"produced\\" for Eminem album. There is a huge difference in sound and  texture and rhythmic.(and Dazz is no more there). Ice cube didn't want to  appear on this album, now I know why! Ex Envogue vocalist leave Aftermath  saying that Dr Dr was waiting that SHE creates the hits,  and I'm sure she  was telling the true.<br />Dre is not a genius, just an excellent mixer, but  when he creates the music by himself and don't steal it From another one  he's not good at all.<br />It's a sad day for the West coast rap  lover.<br />Marcus labatte.<br />Ps: Don't believe the critics saying it's a good  album, they are paid by the record company anyway.
6301247485|3.0|Something is missing in this film.  There is a lot of talent, and some really fine performances, especially by Robert Redford (Gatsby), who alone of all the actors transcends the film and therefore looks awfully out of  place.  But you just can't like anyone -- they are all rather shabby and  meaningless, selfish and annoying.  Mia Farrow(Daisy)is a poor match for  Redford, and one cannot understand Jay Gatsby pining for her all those  years, unless it was more of an assault on his ego rather than a broken  heart that was driving him to make himself into the man she would want  rather than spurn.  Even so, Daisy is never more than shallow and fickle,  with nothing to redeem her.  This is a glamorous film, but it doesn't  succeed in portraying the culture in a convincing way.  Perhaps there is  something too frantic in the party scenes, too anxious, too trivial.  The  book, though not one of Fitzgerald's best, at least limited its perspective  so that we saw the story more clearly through the eyes of a detached  witness.  It might be that the medium of film requires us to have more  intimate knowledge of the story and the characters, and thus what is  appropriately absent or vague in the novel is too apparent in the film.   The actors, at some point, appear to be struggling with the story.  The  ensemble just doesn't succeed.
B00002Z88D|5.0|A great blend of sounds, combining two different  styles of music. Even if your not a Metallica fan, this Cd has something new to offer. The San Francisco Symphony orchestra gives power, depth, to each song bringing  details to it's fullest. I consider this a softer side of Metallica, which  I'm sure will reach a bigger audience.
B00000DGUY|5.0|This is a great album.  I'm very glad that they included &quot;Lady Writer&quot; on this compilation, but I'm a bit upset that this was the only song from &quot;Communique,&quot; their best studio album.  The album  &quot;On Every Street&quot; is a bit over-represented, as is &quot;Brothers  in Arms.&quot;  The song &quot;Telegraph Road&quot; was left off I'm  assuming because of CD length constraints, but that's no reason to only  have the edited version of the song &quot;Brothers in Arms.&quot;  However,  the live versions of &quot;Your Latest Trick&quot; and &quot;Love Over  Gold&quot; complement the rest of the album very nicely.  Ending it with  the &quot;Wild Theme&quot; is a great touch - you must enjoy this song.   Overall, it's a very good album, but the time constaints made for some  unfortunate editing descisions.
6305426651|5.0|Something you don't see often is an optimistic, uplifting film title as of  Life is Beautiful by Roberto Benigni. As for the film, you'll have to see for yourself, it certainly has a magical and pleasant way of looking at  life. Even though, actor, writer, director, producer, Roberto Benigni is a  bit energetic with Oscar chairs and lives every minute to the fullest. The  main role couldn't be played any better, than by talented Benigni, himself.  There's a brilliant scene I especially enjoyed, which indicates the passage  of time in a few seconds. The part is when  Guido Orfice (Benigni) follows  the woman he loves (Nicoletta Braschi) into a garden house, as he walks  further, he disappears. As an offline voice calls out to someone (whom we  don't know), a small child appears from the garden house,...we then realize  that the voice is his mother's calling. Guido Orfice and Dora are outside  waiting for their son.  The film explores important values of life, even  when there is sadness and tragedy, there is still room to spread hope,  happiness and laughter.
B00002Z88D|5.0|What a good album! I was personally at the show, and I can say that these CDs truly capture the essence of the event. The new material, &quot;No Leaf Clover&quot; and &quot;-Human&quot; are a strong testament to Metallica's  staying power. With almost all songs clocking in at around 5 minutes or  less, the price is reasonable. Never count them out...they're the best,  because NOTHING ELSE MATTERS...and I reccommend this album to everyone,   fan or foe...
B00002Z88D|5.0|A great blend of sounds, combining two different  styles of music. Even if your not a Metallica fan, this Cd has something new to offer. The San Francisco Symphony Orchestra gives power, depth, to each song, bringing  details to it's fullest. I consider this a softer side of Metallica, which  I'm sure will reach a bigger audience.
020161622X|3.0|The Pragmatic Programmer is a mixed bag.  It attempts to cover a large number of broad topics, ranging from object-oriented design to algorithm speed to testing strategies.  As a result, each topic gets a fairly  superficial treatment, only skimming the surface before moving onto  something else.<br />My other reservation about the book is that the authors  are &quot;Unix geeks&quot;, and view the world accordingly.  They touch on  Windows mostly to urge readers to put a Unix shell on top of it; other  platforms like Mac OS are mentioned not at all.  Personally, I am tired of  &quot;real programmers use the command line&quot;, or &quot;Emacs is  God&quot; posturing (despite the authors' earnest but flawed attempts to  justify these), and felt it detracted from an otherwise useful book.   Worse, the authors fail to discuss any tools related to building complex  interactive applications, a significant omission from the stated goals and  scope of the book.<br />Those complaints aside, the book does contain useful  information and ideas, especially for new programmers who often don't have  a strong grasp on the bigger picture of software development.  The authors  offer good insights on topics like design by contract, documentation, and  refactoring, which new programmers often fail to appreciate.
B000002WYT|5.0|Glad to write a review of this great CD.  This album is truly unique and goes very very deep into the soul.  Thanks Dave and the Entire DMB Band!  You can crash into me anytime!  You lift up my soul and make me feel truly  alive!
B00000J7RZ|3.0|From all the reviews i've read very few were really focused, found some racist ones or silly ones, I'll say it's an enjoyable cd...Mrs. lopez isn't the most talented singer however she isn't the worst either. In fact she  gives the listener excitement and it does cheer you up. The track UNA NOCHE  MAS has lots of energy and good vibs. You can find no just a couple but  many good tracks to enjoy...you know the way it is when you buy a cd, most  cd's have only one or two songs that actually are good...soon you'll find  yourself singing some of the lyrics on your way to work.
0790734060|5.0|Awesome.  I saw this in a theater when it first came out, and I've seen it numerous times since then.  And each time I seriously lose myself in the beauty of it all.  The music is excellent--of course I love all of Mozart's  works--I mean, the way it is woven into the story...I especially love the  part when Salieri so passionately describes Serenade No. 10 in B-Flat Major  (Serenade for the Winds)...  F. Murray Abraham (Salieri) and Tom Hulce  (Mozart) are truly amazing--their passion is breathtaking!  What can I say?   I love love this movie!  Oh, and this film isn't historically accurate,  but it was never meant to be--in case you're wondering.
B000000YG5|5.0|One word: wow. This album is amazing. I highly recommend this album is you are a fan of jazz. I especially like Sonny's original tune Strode Rode (named for the Strode Lounge in Chicago). If you are a big jazz buff and  don't have this album then your collection is suffering.
B000031XCR|5.0|This was a GREAT cd.  I wished it had a couple more songs like &quot;The Power of the Dream&quot;.  All my friends use to think I was crazy for listening to Celine but I made them listen to a few songs from the CD and  then they went out in bought it.  This was a great collection.
B000002J1U|5.0|I have listened to this albums several times. Immigrant Song is simply a classic. The guitar riffs on this one are so huge, they make you shudder. I don't know of any other band that has come close to super-riff playing like  Zeppelin. The key is Jones' bass lines, great as usual. Tangerine's  electric solo is simply majestic. It shows Page's acoustic prowess. Also  Plant's singing overall is outstanding. He really puts a lot of passion  into it. This is one of the genuine bands putting out another fabulous  performance, regardless of what the air-head critics who prefer garbage to  this modern rock virtuso band.
6305627401|5.0|I say that this DVD is this generations version of Blazing Saddles.  It is guaranteed to offend those who are saddled with taking life too seriously.  People who are offended by obscene language by (animated) children are  definetly going to be offended.  I was so entertained by the English  version of this movie, that I watched the French version of this movie.. I  dont even understand the language but it was still as funny.  This movie  pokes fun at many things that happen in this life such as children speaking  profanity.  As much as we dont want to believe that our children talk dirty  when we are not around, this movie shows it very well.  Is it possible for  Eric Cartman to win an Oscar for his performance?   Great music.  This  is not a cartoon for children.  Once you understand that it is a cartoon,  it isnt real, and relax, you actually will find yourself blown away by the  story and content of this movie.  Dont take it seriously unless you have a  serious sense of humor.
0152465030|5.0|This book was excelent, I DON'T recomend it to adults. It had many morels ex: don't just fill you time with work. I abosolutely loved it! I hope I made a statement to READ IT!
B000006OAM|5.0|This album has been hailed as depressing. NO! THis album is uplifting to me because she talks about the human condition. sure, it isn't true blue, but it speaks of a way of improvement in the human soul  and in our societal values. I believe Natalie Merchant is not half as  popular as she should be for the work and beauty she puts out. Another  thing is this album has been said to be &quot;gothic&quot;. I am putting  that word in quotation marks because that is so false. Ridiculously untrue.  Natalie merchant is the artist that I think is the best influence. One more  hting that I think should be mentioned...the album is completely clean.  There is no gratuitous violence, sexuality, or excessive bd language. This  is one of the most perfect Cd's I know of.
B00000J6AG|4.0|I'VE BEEN A FAN OF MOBY SINCE A CHILD. AND I MEAN A DIEHARD FAN. MOBY IS ONE OF THE MANY REASON'S I BECAME A VEGETARIAN. HIS ESSAY'S AND MESSAGES  ARE SO POWERFUL AND CONVICING IT'S HARD TO TURN A COLD SHOULDER. I HAVE  BEEN OBSSESED WITH HIS ALMOST AMBIENT GROOVES AND MELANCHOLY STYLE SINCE I  HEARD EVERYTHING IS WRONG. THAT WAS A MORE TECHNO BASED ALBUM, IN CONTRAST  TO ANIMAL IGHT'S WHICH WAS A MORE ROUGH SOUNDING, AND INSTRUMENAL BASED  ALBUM IF YOU ASK ME. OF COURSE ONCE AGAIN MOBY HAS WRITEN, PLAYED AND  PRODUCED MOSTLY EVERYTHING HERE. IN THIS ALBUM, INSTEAD OF HAVING A HEALTHY  VARIETY OF MELLOW TUNES AND HYPER-PACED, HIGH ENERGY, BEAT ORIENTED SONGS  HE HAS MANY MORE MELLOW-TONE BUILDING (SLOWY CLIMAXING TO A STILL MELLOW  PINNACLE)SONGS WHICH DRIVE INTO YOU AND STICK. SDON'T GET ME WRONG, IT'S  STILL GREAT, SORRY WILL BE THE DAY THAT I EVER BAD-MOUTH MOBY, I MEAN HE  WOULD'VE HAD TO HAVE DONE SOMETHING SERIOUSLY WRONG TO GET THAT FROM ME. I  PLAYT LISTEN AND WRITE POLITICAL PUNK MUSIC BUT MOBY IS A VERY GREAT MELLOW  AND POLITICAL MUIC WHICH I WHOLY AGREE WITH ON MANY OF HIS MESSAGES. THIS  IS A GREAT ALBUM TO JUST HANG OUT AND RELAXE TO. I GUESS I JUST MISSED THE  ENERGETIC SONGS WHICH USSUALLY ACOMPANY HIS MUCH MELLOWER MUSIC. BUT STILL  A GOOD ALBUM. IT DOES HAVE THE SONG BODYROCK WHICH IS SOMETHING THAT JUST  WANT'S TO MAKE ME GET UP AND SKATEBOARD, WHICH IS SOMETHING I OFTEN DO TO  THAT SONG, BUT IT IS ONLY ONE HIGH ENERGY SONG. GOOD ALBUM, NOT HIS BEST IN  MY OPINION, THAT RIGHT IS RESERVED TO ANIMAL RIGHTS, BUT MOST CERTAINLY  WORTHY TO GET. DO NOT MISS THIS.
B000031XCR|4.0|Ms. Dion's &quot;Best of&quot; fairwell album (though she says she will only refrain from recording and touring for around two years, which I would'nt exactly call a &quot;retirement&quot;) is a nice collection of  great songs with a few glitches here and there. There is no question that  Celine has got one hell of a voice, the vocal range she can reach is  absolutely amazing, so no matter what song she sings, shes got that on her  side. But as with any &quot;greatest hits&quot; package from any artist,  theres no pleasing everyone. First off, the songs that really belong here  are excellent choices: &quot;The Power of Love&quot;, &quot;If you Asked Me  To&quot;, &quot;To Love you More&quot;, &quot;Because you Loved Me&quot;  and especially her vocal masterpiece (I say &quot;vocal&quot; because she  does'nt write her songs), the Jim Steinman piano epic &quot;Its All Coming  Back to Me Now&quot;. Some of the other collected songs: &quot;Beauty and  the Beast&quot;, &quot;Love Can Move Mountains&quot;, and the R. Kelly duet  &quot;I'm Your Angel&quot;  ARE good songs, but there are many better  choices from her catalog that would have fit better. How about &quot;Call  the Man&quot;, &quot;Next Plane Out&quot;, &quot;Us&quot;, &quot;Miles to  Go Before I Sleep&quot;, Where Does My Heart Beat Now?&quot; While some of  the latter songs are not hits, they are much more interesting structurely  and vocally. And why include that insanely overplayed mush fest &quot;My  Heart Will Go On&quot;? of all songs?  As for the new songs here, almost  all of them work. &quot;Thats the Way it is&quot; is perfect, right on the  money and one of Celine's best tunes. Instead of going for that typical  thunderous high note, she wisely lets the song breath with a more  restrained vocal. After all, louder is not always better. &quot;If Walls  Could Talk&quot;, written by of all people, Def Leppard and AC/DC producer  Robert John Lange, is also a magnificent song that goes with the lower  vocal undertones. Indeed, when Celine is good, she blows away the  competition. Unfortunately, she stumbles big time on the old Sinatra tune  &quot;All the Way&quot;. This just does'nt work. Its not a bad song, and  she sings it fine, but why in the heck did she choose to use Frank's  recorded voice? It sounds too manufactured and would have been much better  had she simply covered the song alone. The other new songs are very well  done, and are quite enjoyable, particularly the quiet album ending  &quot;Live&quot; and &quot;Then you Look at Me&quot;. Although often  Celine's music may seem to get a bit formulatic, she more than enough times  throws in a real winner to keep a nice artistic edge, and in the future it  would be nice to hear some songs dealing with more diverse topics rather  than just focus on the sugary-sweet stuff ( I mean would'nt it be cool to  hear her sing a &quot;Yes&quot; tune?), and I would hope to hear some songs  that she wrote herself, theres gotta be some locked away in the vault  somewhere.  Overall a fine effort with only minor complaints. I hope to see  and hear Celine back in the business as soon as possible.
0393317552|5.0|In spite of what you may like or dislike about the so-called political correctness of this book, I find this book to be an elightening and compelling read.  I think Diamond's arguments are convincing to the point  that I accept his thesis.  Meanwhile the book is pretty entertaining and it  helped me understand more in general about the topics of plant and animal  domestication as well as linguistics.
B00002MZ2T|3.0|I think this cd is good but not as good as their first cd.  I like the songs Affirmation, I Knew I Loved You, The Best Thing, Animal Song, and You Can Be Free, but the cd is still too mushy.  The songs on the first cd like  To the Moon &amp; Back, I Want You, Truely Madly Deeply,Tears of Pearls and  Carry on Dancing were cooler.
B000002I2I|5.0|This was and still is the greatest rock and roll album ever put out by the Doors.  It's pure and raw, with vintage Morrison lyrics.  This was a great comeback after the Soft Parade dissapointment.  Unheard hits like Maggie  M'Gill and Queen of the Highway make this a must buy if you are a Doors  fan!  Rock on!
B0000029GA|5.0|What everyone is saying is true. This cd is AMAZING. Every track is dope. Premier is a genius. Look at any of the other nas records. all of the phatest songs on them are by premier (nas is like, ny state of mind 2,  etc.). Nas is a true lyrical superhero. Every song tells a story. This is  the best hip hop cd of all time...
B0000025DV|5.0|Out Of The Blue is an extraordinary album with production work that I couldn't even begin to compete with. I don't think any musician has the studio wizardry that Jeff Lynne has. Not Paul McCartney. Not John Lennon. Not Brian Wilson. Not Phil Spector. But the album is very very very very  good. It blows my mind! Album of all time probably. I don't mean anything  I'm saying here lightly. This album is unbelievable.
B000002J1S|5.0|I suppose that only someone who truly loves or hates a C.D. would take the time to write one of these reviews.  I bought my first copy of The Lamb Lies Down on Broadway in 1975.  After wearing out two double-sided LPs, one eight track and a recorded cassette copy of the Lamb, what a joy it has  been to listen once again to this remastered edition on C.D.  It has been  over 10 years since I have last listed to this music and I thought that I  may have grown tired of music that could be classified as &quot;70s  electronic keyboard with over complicated lyrics.&quot; I have rediscovered  that this music is a refreshing today as it was back in the mid 70s.   Gabriel's vocals are truly magnificent and Tony Bank's keyboards are  phenomenal.  Like people, bands grow and change and so was the case of  Genesis.  However, it is this album that I consider to be their finest.   Back in NYC, Anyway, The Carpet Crawlers, The Lamb Lies Down on Broadway,  Riding the Scree .... It's all here in peak form.  My family has recently  undergone a sort of a Genesis revival as my 7 and 9-year old sons have come  to enjoy many of the early Genesis CDs.  Is there a genetic component to  musical preference?  Who knows, but I can think of no better way to  celebrate the 25th year anniversary of the Lamb than to literally bring the  Lamb to Broadway in the form of a Broadway performance.  But I think that I  will have to sit back and dream about such a performance.  Unless Peter,  Tony, Steve, Mike or Phil read reviews of their former albums  and become inspired.  Because there is only one group of musicians who  could perform the story of Rael.
0880381736|4.0|I put this under the category of &quot;guilty pleaure.&quot;  This series introduced me to the world of fantasy fiction some long 15 years ago, and I have re-read the entire series about 5 times.  The detail and effort  invested in creating the world of Krynn shows - it is quite easy to get  sucked into these books.  But what really keeps you coming back are the  characters.  Character emotions and motivations create a great depth of  involvement for the reader.  Each time I read the series, the dialogue gets  a little cheesier, the emotions a bit more melodramatic, but it's still an  involving read after 15 years.  If you want elegant prose with your  fantasy, I'd turn toward Tad Williams' door-stopper &quot;Memory, Sorrow,  and Thorn,&quot; and if you want unparalleled world-creation you have to go  with the master, Tolkien.  But if want enjoyable, popcorn-type fantasy,  Dragonlance is for you.
067942850X|3.0|&quot;Into The Wild&quot; is Krakauer's disturbing narrative of a privileged young man named Christopher McClandiss. McClandiss forsakes his society and dies of starvation in the Alaskan wilderness. This is yet  another book expressing the author's interest in pristine and inexplicable  issues. &quot;Into the Wild&quot; is a novel in which Krakauer sets a  compelling psychological back drop similar to Joseph Conrad's &quot;Heart  of Darkness.&quot; The reader is shown another slant to the idea of the  quest for the Holy Grail, a decent into hell, the fall and a personal  epiphany. The unforgiving harshness and persuit into the darkness of the  Alaskan forest is similar to Conrad's Congo River journey. No one knows if  McClandiss's search produces a personal revelation or total insanity.  <br />McClandiss is thought by some to be an idealistic reckless youth. He  seems to be searching for the truth and reality of his humanity, &quot;to  kill the false beast within.&quot; McClandiss's descisions are based on his  revolt against the excessiveness of American Society. He is a later version  of what the Hippies attempted when they left middle class society to live  off the land. McClandiss said that he hoped to, &quot;fix all that was  wrong with my life.&quot; When he is found frozen to death in an old bus no  one is certain if his death was intentional or a mistake.  <br />Krakauers'  account of McClandiss's life and death is an excellent book for those who  have a curiosity about what drove a young man's quest for self awareness.  This intriguing story is about the personal emptiness often found when the  American dream is realized. This account is another compelling example by  an author who asks the questions about life and death that many of us  avoid. After reading &quot;Into The Wild&quot; the reader might want to  re-evaluate their initial critisms about Christopher McClandiss personal  choices. Although, some chapters are very detailed and slows the action, Iwould highly recommend Krakauers novel to anyone who wishes to live in a  higher realm of consciousness and compassion.
0792139771|5.0|This movie needs to introduction, and needs only one word to describe it. &quot;The Best Movie Of All Time&quot; Mel Out did himself with an incredible plot, and the most realistic setting posible. It's 3 and 1/2  hours long, and you can't take your eyes off it for a second. If you  haven't seen this movie. Your Crazy. Watch It!
630450053X|5.0|This movie makes me genuinely sad. In  Other movies when someone dies it is sad for a moment but then I realize it's just movie and that actor is still alive and I'm not as depressed.  You can't do that with this movie,   though,  because Brandon Lee really did die and in such an easily avoidable  way.  It seems like this movie wanted to have that effect on you.  All the  messages really fit what really happened to him.  This may upset some  people but I found the movie sadder than Titanic.  The Crow is also a great  movie with good action and the setting is great.
B00000K19E|2.0|Maybe I'm dense but I couldn't follow the story line. I kept waiting for everything to make sense, but the movie seems to be an excuse to provide a backdrop for an endless series of technically interesting but comically  stupid special effects. I admit that science fiction is not my favorite  theme.
B00000K2SD|5.0|I had no preconceived notions of this film.  It passed through the theaters without my notice.  I'm a 39-yr-old, college educated, mother of two, and I was glad Shakespeare In Love won best picture last year.   <br />What does this have to do with The Matrix?  Well, perhaps it will help  you understand where I'm coming from when I say I loved this film!  Surprised?<br />I rented it on the advice of my brother, who said he thought  I'd like it.  Since then, my husband and I have rented it four more times,  and we can't wait to own it!  <br />I don't know that I can add much more to  the many comments already offered here, and I think you can tell from the  reviews that this is a popular one.  Sure, it asks you to suspend a few  beliefs, but isn't that what science fiction is all about?  <br />Here are my  impressions:<br />a) It's almost like watching two films:  the beginning is  thought-provoking exposition; the ending is slam-bang, nonstop action.<br />b)  Not for the kiddies:  even though the violence is of a comic book type  (relatively bloodless), there's lots of punching and showers of spent shell  casings.  Rated R for a reason.<br />c) Here's a thought--do you like the TV  series La Femme Nikita, by any chance?  This film has a similar feel to  it.<br />d) Keanu Reeves plays Neo exactly as he needs to be played.  I know  Keanu isn't for everyone, but he nailed this part.  And Lord help me, the  man is so sexy in this movie!  Even a pacifist like me stared wide-eyed and  slackjawed at the infamous martial arts and gunfight scenes.  Ay-yi-yi!<br />But hey, I'm just a 39-yr-old, married, mother of two putting  in her two cents' worth--and I thought The Matrix was top-notch  entertainment!
0767811038|3.0|Paul Verhoeven's superviolent action-packed space social satire is a technical wonder. The epic scope of space battles surpasses even the Star Wars movies, making the vastness of space seem almost claustrophobic. Of  course the bugs could be nuked from space without sending in the troopers  for hand to razor-sharp limb combat. Of course the troopers don't have to  use machine guns with bullets to slice them up, either. Of course the  Federation ships don't have shields and blow up easily when stupid pilots  make errors in judgment. That is the point: it's not about the bugs'  foolishness, but ours. The problem with the satire in this movie is the  open-endedness of the interpretation: what is the point of putting the  &quot;good guys&quot; in Nazi uniforms? Surely we're not supposed to  sympathize with the bugs slicing and dicing our photogenic leads? Heinlein  was clearly promoting fascist views in his novel, but Verhoeven is faced  with a moral conundrum in turning the book into a satire: some people are  bound to take him seriously.
6305373248|4.0|Burt Reynolds was his old self, funny and arrogant,Demi, although not her best preformance, was interesting and very sexy!
0312853238|5.0|This was my first Orson Scott Card novel, and it won't be my last.  I really enjoyed the book.  It was well written and it had no wasted words.  Every word in this book has a purpose, and it comes together beautifully in  the end.
B00000JCB2|1.0|Wow, the The &quot;New Kids On The Block&quot; phoenomenon has struck America's youth again.  A talentless group of &quot;bad boys&quot; use a couple of catch phrases to become trendy, and soon all the misunderstood  kids start following like sheep.  How sad.  The Fred Durst Abomination  (otherwise known as Limpbizkit) could not dissapear soon enough.  If you  want to hear true rage and passion in hardcore music, throw on Slipknot's  new one or even an old Helmet album. Skip this overhyped pile of monkey  waste and try growing a brain.  And remember kids, just because its on MTV  doesn't mean its good.
0964385619|5.0|This was an absolutely awesome book. Some of the concepts are already well known but the authors found a way to make these truths jump out and grab you. I read it , my wife read it, I'm bribing my 16 year old to read it and  I will read it to my 9 year olds. I have also recommended this to most of  the partners in my group. A good book to read after this would be The  Richest Man in Babylon by George S. Clason.
B0000025ED|5.0|I am a huge Billy Joel fan, and of my significant Joel collection, this is one of my favorite albums.  Zanzibar is one of my all-time favorite songs and I am allways captivated by his love songs, like Rosalinda's Eyes; I  also love Until the Night.  With the exception of the title song, which I  believe is overated, I greatly enjoy all of this albums titles.
B00002Z88D|5.0|This is an awesome album, it showcases Metallica's amazing talent alongside the respected San Francisco Symphony. Allowing those of us who aren't exactly cultured enough to listen to classical music on our own, to  enjoy the symphony building on Metallica's sound and vise-versa. My only  quirk with it is that a few of my favorites weren't on it. But thats ok  I'll let the boys get away with it this time.
B000002GYI|5.0|I just love it, especially the fifth track: Computer love, it's something like an airplane trip, the first three minutes are like you are looking for the best runway to take-off, and the last four minutes are like the moving  fly itself. One advice: close your eyes while you're listening and you'll  see what i'm talking about.
B00002Z88D|5.0|WHAT CAN I SAY?  LIKE ALL OTHER METALLICA ALBUMS THIS ONE IS VERY GOOD.  I LOVE WHAT METALLICA AND SYPH DID WITH THESE CLASSIC METALLICA RIFFS.  MUSICALLY, THIS IS AN EXCELLENT ALBUM I CAN'T EVEN FIND ANY MISTAKES THAT  CAN HAPPEN ON A LIVE ALBUM.  METALLICA WISE I'M GLAD THAT THEY HAVE UPDATED  SOME OF THEIR EARLY RIFFS.  THIS IS YET ANOTHER ALBUM WHICH KEEPS METALLICA  GOING!<br />I HIGHLY RECOMMEND BUYING THIS ALBUM
B000002J0N|5.0|This is a great album... i must say that if it was double in length, it would make my day, unlike the other review stated.  I have this one on vinyl as well, and have enjoyed it! Darkstar is great and so is  just a  song before I go... The lesson to be learned here is BUY THE  ALBUM! I only  wish my record player had a repeat selection button... maybe it is time to  move to CD. Hope you all enjoy it as much as I do.
B00002EPJH|4.0|No, it's not the Keith Jarrett we're all familiar with - but his battle with chronic fatigue syndrome has slowed him down. This album reflects the ear and classic styling that are his foundation since he doesn't have the  energy to push the boundaries any more. It's a fine recording and I suggest  it.
B000003BEV|3.0|There is some great stuff on this album.  There is also some absolutely godawful stuff on this album.  I think the great stuff makes it worth buying.  Sing This All Together (See What Happens) is horribly  misunderstood.  You have to let it hypnotize you.  She's A Rainbow is  musically great but lyrically very stupid.  Gomper and In Another Land both  alternate between good parts and not so good parts.  On With The Show is  horrible.  You get the picture.  Buy it anyway.
6303159966|5.0|I read the other reviews here at Amazon about this movie and found they were all very negative to it. I, on the other hand, had the scare of my life watching it, and despite the ending I think it's one of the greatest  horror movies I've ever seen! It builds up to some great scares, includes  excellent acting (especially by the young boy playing Tad) and delivers  some of the most frightening moments in horror history! Enjoy
0395389496|5.0|I started reading this book to my children 15 years ago when they were toddlers.  I would keep it with my Christmas decorations and bring it out every holiday season.  Once they grew too old to be read to, I still brought it out every year and put it on the coffee table.  Last year I  started reading it to my two-year old son.  I still cry with nostaligia  each time I read The Polar Express, remembering the magic it held for my  older children and how we read it over and over.  Well, my second son loved  it so much, it never go put away with the Christmas decorations.  We read  it together constantly, even during the summer!  This is a book that never  loses its magic -- for children and adults alike.  I plan to give this book  to my neices and nephews this Christmas.
0783225792|5.0|yeah so this movie is balls-on-the-wall fantastic.  joe pesci takes the acting cake and deniro takes the pie or something.  i will watch this movie over and over again.  you know why?  cause i'm stupid! ;-]
6304493681|5.0|I have this movie on VHS and the audio CD.  The sound effects, music and animation of this DVD are excellent.  No other DVD that I've played so far has the dymanic range of this one.<br />The best produced DVD I've seen to  date.
B000001E8P|5.0|Finally an album that I don't get tired of! Since Creedence Clearwater Revival released their &quot;Cosmo's Factory&quot; back in 1971 this is one of the two CDs I've found that contains nothing but hit-singles (Roxettes  &quot;Joyride&quot; is, by the way, is the other). &quot;Different  Class&quot; a one-hour thrilling listening experience. Best song, I think,  is &quot;I spy&quot; with some of the best lyrics Jarvis has ever delivered  and a melody that makes you wanna jump. Jump, and maybe... SPY!  The album  is excellent in every way and should absolutely be voted best CD of the  nineties...
B00003003R|5.0|I loved this live album. It will go down as a historic CD. GNR is back and better than ever on this latest CD.  Slash may be the greatest guitar player of the past 20 years. He writes amazing riffs and solo's.  I highly  recommend you purchase this CD.
0380973464|1.0|I found this book very hard to get into, and in fact finally gave up on it after a very turgid 200+ pages. The author jumps from the 1940s to the 1990s at will and his characters are two dimensional and did not seem real  to me. The story had to do with the creation of a &quot;data haven&quot; in  the Phillipine Islands, but the author never fully explained the  significance of a data haven or why it would be important. The editors  should also do some fact checking. For example, I don't think the Special  Air Service (in the British Military) existed during WWII.  I had high  hopes for this book as I worked in a related area while in the Air Force,  but I was disappointed, and I'm afraid that many others will be as well.
B00000IOSU|5.0|I really enjoyed &quot;Fumbling towards Ecstacy&quot; and &quot;Surfacing&quot;, but what I love most about &quot;Mirroball&quot; is the wonderful accoustics and just the overall sound of this cd.  As opposed  to her studio recordings, from which you can tell are recorded in a rather  small room, Sara and her band really get a great sound on stage. She sounds  every bit as good live as she does in her other recordings, and I happen to  like her voice better live, because she is more expressive.  This CD is  definately worth checking out.
B00000JPH4|5.0|Jim Henson knew what he was doing when he began one.  This film was so advanced for it's time it nocked me off my feet. Although it came out in the early 80's, I only just saw it a few years ago.  I couldn't believe it  was made so long ago, and that I had not really heard of It before.  This  one is deffinatly worth seeing, and then owning.  The animation of these  &quot;puppets&quot; is so real, you'll forget that your watching a  fairytale, and feel hipnotized into the world of the Dark Crystal.
068484267X|5.0|What a ride! You'll laugh, cry, exhilarate, and despair-all on the same page. Trapped in a childhood of extreme poverty in Limerick, Ireland, Frank McCourt not only survives but thoroughly conquers. In the depths of even  this much misery, however, there are small mercies and kindnesses and they  are not lost on him. This is what gives the book it's humanity-the ability  to withstand horrific circumstances through humor, determination, and  forgiveness-and triumph with soul intact. And the people! They seem more  alive in ink than most of us seem in flesh.
014028009X|5.0|this is the best book i have read in a long time
B00001ZWTS|3.0|Hollywood has a horrendous track record when it comes to adapting television to movies, with only two actual succeses--The Fugitive and The Untouchables.  For the most part they tend to vary between average (The  Addams Family) to thoroughly lame (Lost in Space).  After all of the  dissing Wild, Wild West received, I was expecting something of the Lost in  Space caliber.<br />Maybe I was just in the right mood, but this movie  actually amused me.  It isn't great, but it isn't as muddled or  heavy-handed as Lost in Space.  Salma Hayek is underused, and Kenneth  Branaugh's performance is hysterically awful, but it has a certain charm,  like a lesser James Bond movie.<br />Barry Sonnenfield keeps the pace light  &amp; breezy, just fast enough to cover up those multiple plot holes.  All  in all, a silly movie to pass the time or provide a cheap chuckle.
068484267X|3.0|So much has been said and written about &quot;Angelas Ashes,&quot; and much more is to come after the movie is released.  Easy and smooth reading, no intellectual effort is required, although some readers are annoyed by  the excess emphasis on poverty (rats, lice, diseases, hunger, dirt, etc.)   The story reflects the cruel reality of poverty, be it in Ireland or in any  other part of the world.  It is all viewed from the perspective of a small  child and his struggle for survival, his awareness of the distortions  between a fanatic Christian environment in which the teachings of love,  sharing, respect, are far from his daily reality.  The story appeals to our  feelings of sorrow for the existence of so much misery in this world, which  explains why the book has been so successful.  A more demanding and  critical reader might find the book lacking in terms of structure, style,  and historical depth; all of these compensated by abundant human feeling.
B000001FJV|5.0|oh my god. oh my god. oh my god. I apologise for the blatant blaspheming, but this album is enough to ignite a whole continent with its funkiness.
B000023VR6|5.0|Dr. Dre prooves that he is indeed one of the greatest producers of all times in this cd, as every beat is amazingly perfected and bumping, making it them the highlight of the cd.  The verses are all tight from Dre and all  guest appearances.  The only problem would be the hooks in some of the  songs, some of which actually ruin the song (such as the song Big Egos).   Otherwise, one of the best cd's of 99.
0884271153|5.0|It is easy to understand what is the management. And it stress basic technology. Trust me, it is a good book!
B0000028UK|5.0|This is their best musical effort to date.  I'm not sure what has happened to them with their last couple of albums, but I doubt they will ever top this one.
B00000JCB2|3.0|umm two words: sell out- ok Im probably being too harsh but I liked 3 dollar bill alot better- well now they're getting alot of MTV and radio airtime theres a billion teenyboppers running out to buy the cd- its a  mediocre at best cd- not much innovation here- dont get me wrong its not  bad- its nice to listen to while driving- but if you really like limp= not  just &quot;faith&quot; &quot;nookie&quot; and &quot;re-arranged&quot; then  get 3 dollar bill yalls- significant other now has a place in my little  sisters CD rack rite next to Brittany Spears and Ricky Martin. Viva Limp  Bizit. =)
B000002JSP|5.0|This album was just the beginning of where Zep was starting to mature with age and develop a different style.  Unfortunately, this was the end of the greatest heavy metal band of all time.
0670880728|4.0|It is impressionat how could Helen Fielding write a  really closed image of all the aspects of a woman's life. While the reader starts the novel is quickly introduced inside the problems, dreams, obsessions and feelings of  a  middle-aged woman ( in her thirties). From this point of view it seems  to be a feminist novel, but as you read it, I am sure you will enjoy it,  indeed if  you are male.   It is really an enjoyable writing which I  recomend to all kind of  readers, especcialy those  who want to have a good  time comparing themselves with Bridget's one, a woman whose main interests  in this life are to be independent and at the same time be all those things  men want! Its plot is divided in twelve characters, each one represent a  month. In this period,the reader shares Bridget JOne's life and as it can  be seen none of the objectives shown at the first sight have been taken at  last.
B000023VR6|5.0|22 SLAMMIN' TRACKS! THIS CD IS THE BOMB. YEAH, HE HAS A LOT OF GEUSTS BUT HE CHOSE ALL TIGHT ONES. &quot;STILL DRE&quot; IS MY FAVAORITE SONG. IT FEATURES SNOOP DOGG WHO IS HE BOMB. TWENTY-TWO OF THE BEST SONGS OF THE  MELLENIUM ALL PACKED IN ONE CD WITH SOME TIGHT GEUSTS, WHAT MORE COULD YOU  ASK FOR! GO  BUY IT!<br />DAVIDSON MIDDLE SCHOOL!    YEAH BABY!
B000002L9J|5.0|For any Smiths fan, this is the album that is your standard.  Beginning to end is a beautiful mix of lyric and music.  A must have for any new fan and a classic for anyone who loves Morrissey.
B00002Z88D|1.0|I'm a collector with most of Metallic's music and have been listening for years.  This CD is not one I recommended for the general fan or even casual collector.  This CD like many other musical experiments is on the fast  track to the bargain bin.  If you absolutely must have it be forewarned  most of the songs are repeats and if you've ever heard someone spoof heavy  metal by playing it classically (with violins and stuff) -- that's what  this entire CD sounds like.
B000001EL7|4.0|KISS is known as a live band, but if you want their best studio work this is it.  Shock Me is Ace's best effort bar none.  Also included are classics I Stole Your Love, Love Gun, and Plaster Caster. This is where KISS peaked  before the mass-marketing and over-exposure brought them down.
B000002J20|4.0|The Ancient opens with a beautifully dense 8 minute section which makes this album essential for any Yes fan.  I enjoy Jon Anderson's vocals but don't really listen to the words.  Steve Howe's guitar work is imaginative  and intense. I like parts of all 4 songs but not all of any; yet I have  enjoyed this album for 25 years and probably will for 50 more.
0385484518|5.0|Hey, life is real, and to me this story is real. Nowadays it's so difficult to find a really satisfying read, but this one is a heart-warming and interesting story. I've read it a couple of times so far, but I know  I'll read it several times over by the end of the year. One other book that  has truly touched my life, too, and has helped me tremendously as it deals  with the real issues in life, is Dietmar Scherf's &quot;I Love Me: Avoiding  &amp; Overcoming Depression&quot; --that's another great read available at  Amazon.
B0000026UV|4.0|Many years ago, I had the pleasant job of road testing luxury cars. Rolls-Royce used to do a sampler CD which covered a variety of musical styles, from opera to pop. The CD included &quot;There'll Be Some Changes  Made&quot;. I've never been a fan of Dire Straits or Country and Western,  but this song was so original and witty - it grew on me. A friend gave me  the album he'd taped a while back - no name, no track listing, no notes -  but I grew intensely fond of a few tracks, namely 'Poor Boy Blues', the  above mentioned 'Changes', 'Tahitian Skies' (as played in Tom and Jerry  episode &quot;Milky Waif&quot;), Django Reinhardt/Stephane Grappelli's  'Tears' and that very quintessence of cheatin' heart C&amp;W, 'Next Time  I'm In Town'. The rest drifts into maudlin sentimentality, and is frankly  forgetable. But the above five tracks - first rate jaunty motoring sounds.
B00000J6AG|5.0|If you are one of the few who has yet to be exposed to this, do yourself a favor and give it a try.  There are some amazing moments of beauty here, Moby has proven to be very proficient at creating very high \\"highs\\", while other tracks will just make you want to move.  The sound is unique and eclectic, so at least two listens are warranted.  There are very few, if any, dull moments throughout the 18 tracks, making it a very solid album.  My personal favorites are \\"My Weakness\\" and \\"Everloving\\"...this is an inspired work in which Moby has perfected his sound.  ...
B00003003R|5.0|During Guns n' Roses' first 6 years, the band were associated with having very good live performances. Prior to this album all the live songs of GN'R were available illegally through bootlegs but this cd brings us all the  songs that made them, possibly the greatest hard rock band in the world in  great quality, legally. The cd includes pretty much the whole Appetite For  Destruction album (which sold 20 million albums)which is pretty much to its  advantage. Nightrain is amazing live as well as mr Brownstone and Rocket  Queen. The live version of Used to Love her is very very good as well as  the racy Dust N bones and the Awesome Pretty Tied up. This album is great  and it is very difficult to pick a favorite song. If you are a GnR fan buy  this cd, it is awesome and it is what we have been waiting for for six  years. If you have never heard GnR before than this is a great cd to start  off with. ps look out for their new album 'Chinese Democracy' coming out  early next year.
0064400557|5.0|From a teacher's perspective, this is a wonderful chapter book to share with early childhood students.  With my first graders, I read the story with a spider puppet.  The students fall in love with the characters.  They  are able to think and feel as the characters in the book.  Before reading a  few pages from the book each day, we share our feelings about the material  read on the previous day.  After reading, the students can write about  their favorite character from the story.   The students always enjoy  watching the movie after hearing the story.
B00003003R|5.0|This is a very good track collection and the live sound is fantastic. If you havent got all the Guns n Roses albums this is the ultimate one. For  you fans, the one who got all the other albums, you just have to buy this  two cd live masterpiece. Its a very good, fresh and well made album.
B00003003R|5.0|The best GNR album. Their greatest songs LIVE. Amazing!  If you like their studio recordings, you will and I repeat, you will love this album. Axl's voice and Slash's guitar makes this album worth the price.
079284078X|1.0|This is just a very sloppy movie.<br />Example:<br />When Sonja's sister dies, look closely. Just as Kalidor puts a hand on Sonja's shoulder the corpse blinks. Then, when Sonja lies across the body and cries, you can see the  dead girl breathe.<br />Why is it that after leaving the swordsman training  grounds with Kalidor and apparently travelling with him for several miles,  she STILL doesn't know his name until her sister semi-dies?<br />When Kalidor  picks up Tarn while duelling with Sonja you can TOTALLY see the string  supporting the kid. It just LOOKS like Kalidor is holding him up with one  hand.<br />The High Priestess, the one with the golden armpit shields, is  killed by a throwing star you can SO tell did not even pierce her  chestplate<br />Very sloppy and I must agree about the soundtrack but that's  not to say it is not entertaining. Buy this movie, it's probably the MOST  entertaining, and unintentionally funny thing you'll ever see.<br />PS Is it  just me or does the Talisman look like a radioactive pickle jar. Oh,and I  LOVED the wax heads. And the spandex!
6305177473|5.0|Many of the reviewers below have seen both versions (1961 and 1998) and have indicated a preference for one or the other.  Each is excellent, but I have just seen the original (once again), and had forgotten how 'edgy' the  Hayley Mills version was: the twins in a physical battle at camp, Maureen  O'Hara poking her ex-husband in the eye, and bride-to-be Vicky slapping one  of the girls at the end of the film.  Also, Hayley was a year or two older  than Lindsay Lohan and I prefer the younger twins for overall effectiveness  with the story line.  Other differences that have me leaning toward the  later version are a softer, more romantic tension between the parents, a  less abrasive Vicky/Meredith, and more attention to detail in the  development of the relationships between the lead characters.<br />So while I  give both films five stars (the story line is classic), I prefer the later  version (despite Maureen O'Hara at her most beautiful, and a very amusing  Leo G. Carroll as the minister).  This is one of the few instances where a  sequel (or remake) is superior to an excellent original.
630542845X|5.0|I think Sean Patrick Flannery did a very good job in Powder. I will not tell you, the viewer, what happens at the end. I think it desirves alot of academy awards.
B000002WPI|5.0|This CD was like nothing ever before &amp;/or after. Wu-Tang is simply the greatest collection of MCs the rap game has ever seen. A must have for any hip hop head!
0345404475|2.0|Blade Runner is my favorite movie of all time, and picking up this book I expected alot.  Dick's writing is completely contrary to Ridley Scott's film, though.  Dick's style focuses on queer details about the philosophies  of the future (Mercerism, obsession with animals), whereas Scott conveys  the more poignant details about the fine line between replicants (andys)  and humans.  The most crushing difference between the two was the purpose  of an android four year life span.  In the book, it is simply a question of  the cells dying without regenerating.  In the movie, it is an engineered  tool used to kill the replicant slave just as it gains the emotional  capabilities to appreciate life.  There are no emotional adaptations in the  andys of Dick's book.  The androids are so callous and loathsome that the  reader doesn't care when Dekkard retires them.
B000023VR6|5.0|I didn't think he could come close to touching the original 'Chronic.' But he does on this one, it not exactly the same sound, but it's just as good. All the new artists sound great.
6303593666|5.0|I first saw Leni Riefenstahl's, Triumph of the Will, when I was a college freshman in a history of film course.  This version also included footage of the 1934 Olympics.  Though it was a well made piece of propaganda, it  was also the terrifying piece of film I've ever seen.  This had to do with  her presentaion to the public of how Adolf Hitler's charisma could draw you  in and hold your attention, even if you didn't understand a single word he  said.  This and this alone makes this piece of film a prelude to the most  horrifying piece of history the people of the 20th century will ever know.
6304935811|5.0|Scott and Malden are brilliant as two WW2 Generals .  Scott captures the very essence of Patton: rebellious, strong, stubborn, but mostly, a millitary genius!
0792842723|1.0|This movie has a great plot, good villains, nice stunts and so on(great Bond girls of course)... The ONLY THING that makes this movie all go wrong is the fact that bringing that stupid and weak actor Brosnan to the role!  How in the world do you bring such as nice and serious actor like Dalton,  and then bring this awful actor to the role?  He gives nothing but SHAME  to the James Bond Charachter! If it wouldn`t for Brosnan, i would have  given this film a 5 star rating instead of 1! Brosnan is nothing but an  utter disgrace!
B00002MZ2C|5.0|the best thing about this cd is that comparing it to other rage cd's, that when you play it there is actual music on it. It's one of there best ever.
B000002UDD|5.0|This was the first cd I bought and i'm happy I bought it. I can't belive does people that say that this is the worst one. The  lyrics are deep but not like youthanasia and that's the point that don't make it the best one.  Otherwise it's a cd that is heavy and fast. Buy It NOW!
B000002J0B|5.0|Boy, talk about variety. On Houses of the Holy, Led Zeppelin experiment with everything from acoustic ballads (&quot;The Rain Song&quot;) to reggae (&quot;D'yer Mak'er&quot;) to 70's funk (&quot;The Crunge&quot;). Houses of  the Holy is a great album which reveals the lighter side of Led Zeppelin.
6305095442|5.0|Sam Raimi deliberately fashioned this follow up to the Evil Dead as a tribute to the three stooges. Everything is so exaggerated and over the top that one cannot help but laugh. Also, some have commented that the  beginning does not make sense because the first ten minutes seem to recap  everything that happened in the first film. The rights to original Evil  Dead were owned by a different company and Raimi could not use scenes from  the first film to summarize what had happened. So what he did was film a  ten minute introdution where we witness Ash and Linda go up to the cabin in  order to bring audience members unfamiliar with the earlier film up on what  was going on.
6300274268|4.0|This film shows no naked women Naked lobsters [but their swiming] And asks questions philosophical by example, \\"Who are you\\" ...<br />Some go this way, some go that Directions from a mad cat To the queen's playing fields   \\"OFF  WITH THEIR HEADS\\"  <br />Brother Billy waves his tail A lizzardly entry to the  jail And he is in the jury box [but all of this has made me sleepy]<br />Like  this movie very well appointed [If a little bit disjointed] Way past 50 but  I enjoy this As does `Kiddo' [she is 8]
0345350499|4.0|I stumbled across the book the day after I returned from a trip to England that included, coincidentally, a stop in Glastonbury and a hike up the Tor.  I gobbled the book, going back in my imagination to the lovely countryside  where I had just been.  <br />This is a ripping story, well-told, with an  intriguing premise and strong characters.  I loved it as fiction, because  that's exactly what it is.  I don't believe that the author ever intended  it to be more than that - a good read.  Certainly there is no evidence that  it was ever intended to be historical - starting from the first page, it  follows the usual Arthurian device of placing him at Tintagel, although he  was a 6th century king and Tintagel dates from the 12th century!  And it's  hard to take seriously as history any book that directly quotes characters  who have been dead for 1500 years, and includes magic as a commonplace  occurance...<br />All it is, is a clever retelling of the Arthurian legend  from the perspective of one of the women.  As such, it's good.<br />But great  literature it's not.  And history it is also not, at all.  So read it and  enjoy it and don't take it seriously.  &quot;The best book I've ever  read&quot;?  No way, unless your reading to date has been confined to Dick  and Jane readers!
0783233477|5.0|First time when I watch this movie in theatre I thought it's good. I like it, I thought. But after second times I watched it I even like it more. Only the accident scene that I thought it was roughtly made ( it not look  like man hit by car , like a manikin ) but others is good. Many points to  discuss. I love it when third time. Almost crying because I could percieved  the love dad give to her daughter. I think you will like it too.
B00002MZ2T|5.0|I'm not really one for slow love songs, but after hearing &quot;I Knew I Loved You&quot; on the radio I decided to check into the CD. I have the first Savage Garden CD, but I only like a few songs on it. I love just  about every song on Affirmation. The lyrics are creative and original. The  music is vaired for each song, unlike other CDs whose music is basicly the  same in every song. Affirmation has got to be the best yet! Hope you enjoy  it!
B000009QPO|4.0|What blows this CD out of the water is the wonderful second song, &quot;Crowded in the Wings&quot;.  What beautiful vocals.  The rest of the album gets 3 stars; it's decent, but not as good as any of Golden Smog  CD's.  Pick up Weird Tales, by Golden Smog and see what I mean.
630280082X|5.0|I recently watched Crossroads again, for the 4 or 5th time, broadcasted by a major network in this instance. I am always amazed at how many of my friends have never seen the movie and just rave about the film when they do get a chance to view the flick for the first time. I am a musician of sorts  and consider the movie as one of my all time favorites. The guitar duel at  the end is a must for all musicians of any kind and should even be  appreciated by part time church organists. Anyone who has ever had any  experience learning to play any instrument can appreciate the incredible  display of guitar mastery demonstrated in this film. <br />This film wouldn't  need a plot to please the casual musician.  I am always pleased to hear the opinion of a new viewer, they are always excited about the timeless music recorded for the  film and the neat twist of the plot in the end. I highly recommend this  movie for viewing by anybody with an ear for music, just don't miss the  ending which ties everything together in one of the most entertaining films  of the last few decades. On a par with &quot;Mr. Holland's Oppus&quot; and  &quot;Shine&quot; on the musical-entertainment content scale. 5-stars all  the way!
B000002JSP|1.0|Many people said that this one is the low hours of ZEP, if you think this review is not enough helpfull, you dont need to answer it, OK? Thank you
B00000K3D4|5.0|This movie is one of my all time favorites. The best part is definately David Bowies pants.
0060392584|5.0|This is probably the best book I have EVER read.  I have read lots of others but this book out classes them all.  This book is soooo good that I just can't put it down and read it over and over.  The book is very  intelligently written and gives an interresting perspective on life.
B00000AA6C|5.0|I really need this movie...it is one of the best movies of all time and I want to give it as a christmas present...if anyone has any information on finding it email me at famrook@inwave.com PLEASE!   Thank you.
B000023VR6|5.0|This is one of the best albums that I have heard in a while. Too many rappers are spitting 2 or 3 albums within a two year span just to get some money. Dr Dre's album could have been put out earlier but he took his time  in perfecting it. All the beats on this album are hot and the guest  appearances are good as hell. Xzibit rips the mic and Eminem brings his  comical but suicidal rap to the album. This album is hot as hell and should  definitely be picked up whether you are from the west coast or east coast!
0887306667|5.0|This book is very simple and easy to read and very clearly lists 22 laws which have made many brands successful in this past century. This is not text-book marketing , it is observational marketing which is really the  essence of our profession. Marketing will never be a science; because we  deal with a variable that is totally unpredicatable, completely insatiable  and everchanging - I am talking of the human mind. Marketing is also not an  Art. Marketing is a discipline of observation and execution that requires a  mixture of a solid scientific and a dreamy artistic mind.
B000002UVX|5.0|This has to be the greatest rock concert that there ever was and that there ever will be.  The CD burns with the inexplicable passion Hendrix had for his guitar, and not one moment fails.  A fine piece of work
039472903X|5.0|David Ogilvy is one of the best advertising men this past century has ever seen. He combines his knowledge and passion with strict guidlines which he has learned and accepted and that are still applicable today. I had  borrowed the book from a previous employer when I first started working in  Advertising, as soon as I could I bought my own copy and have read the book  thrice so far; I am currently summarizing it for future reference.
B000002IGP|3.0|OUT OF THE CELLAR SOUNDS GOOD, IT HAS A COUPLE OF GOOD SONGS ON IT. I'M WRITING THIS REVIEW IN RSPONSE TO A PREVIOUS REVIEW MENTIONING JOE PERRY. CROSBY AND DEMARTINI ARE OKAY BUT A PERRY THEY ARE NOT.AND AS FAR AS GUITAR  LICKS ARE CONCERNED, IF IT WERE NOT FOR JOE PERRY THEY WOULD NOT KNOW WHAT  A GUITAR LICK WAS.
B000004286|2.0|I bought this soundtrack on the strength all the 5 star recomendations here. After eagerly opening the CD and listening to it, I can't believe we're hearing the same CD! Most of the tracks are bland, pretty much  generic Hollywood stuff. Just the occasional traditional bagpipe or drum to  remind you that this is the Braveheart soundtrack. Sure, I enjoyed the  movie, but this CD is far too overrated!
0194314227|5.0|This is the best reference book I have ever had. I use it every single day. What is the most appropriate word to be used? Do not you know? Never mind, it tells you. Phrasal verbs; Idioms; Special notes on usage; Hints on  Grammar; Useful appendices, Smart examples; British and American Spelling;  and much more. In short: &quot;No doubt remains after consulting it&quot;
6300214826|5.0|What can be said about this film?  This movie has inscribed itself in the hearts and minds of a generation.  Traces of it can be seen in almost every subsequent film in the genre.  From infamous phrases like &quot;napalm in  the morning&quot; to the masterful incorporation of the stunning  psychedelia of &quot;The End.&quot;  Based on the work by Polish author  Joseph Conrad, &quot;Heart of Darkness,&quot; it explores the terrible  realm that is the human heart - and the insane mind...  I am simply at a  loss for words (perhaps they do not exist) to explain the effect on the  viewer.  The buildup of suspense during the 11 minute symphony by the Doors  is truly incredible.  Crowned by the simultaneous execution of Colonel  Kurtz and the ritual slaughter of a bull, it is one of the greatest  acheivements in cinematic history.  One thousand words could not even  approach the length required to describe the thrill, the horror, the joy,  the madness of this work.  Produced with an anti-war flavour, the  vilification of war, not the men who fight them, is a basic principle of  the work.  This movie left me speechless upon finishing it, wondering only  why I had not seen it before.  Truly a lifetime acheivement, this is a gem  that will be treasured for generations to come.
B00001QEG5|5.0|This album sold next to nothing compared to their other albums...it marked their breakup.<br />So what.  Musically, it was one of the best and most creative albums Dee ever put a pen to.  The guitar riffs were slick, the  lyrics were funny and in some cases, could get you pumped up.  My only  criticism of the original was how mixed-out the bass was...&quot;the  animal&quot; was too good to keep mixed out...<br />Twisted Sister ended their  original career on a good note with this album.
0345423496|1.0|This book doesn't deserve even 1 star. It is at such an opposite extreme of quality to the original novel, one must assume that Arthur Clarke didn't really write it. Astronauts coming back from the dead? Circumcision?  Computer viruses locked in a vault in the moon? Please. Beyond stupid. The  only -- and not even remotely saving -- grace was a few interesting ideas  about what future technology might look like.
B000003TAW|4.0|What's Not to love?  Weezer has got a great beat that has been working since 1994, even if this was there first and currently as of 1999, their latest CD.  Say It Ain't So's melody has a lot of feeling in it, that I can  relate to.  Undone is a song you can sing over and over, and what to say  about Buddy Holly?  It speaks for itself.<br />If you like Weezer, Try some  Starflyer 59, and some Sunny Day Real Estate.  Got To love Them all!<br />~The  trouble with life is there's no background music, so make your own  soundtrack to life.~ Krissy K.~
0385333846|5.0|I purchased this book to enjoy during a summer vacation.  I could not put it down.  Vonnegut introduces a whole new perspective of viewing our existence in the world.  I am a High School teacher.  I plan to implement  this controversial book into my classroom.  Bravo, Kurt!
0446525537|5.0|I have read all of Nicholas Sparks' books.  Although I have enjoyed all of them, this one was by far the best.  I could not put this book down.  You'll cry, laugh and cry somemore. It was a beautifully written story  about first love, growing up, and learning to see the good qualities in  people even if they may seem a bit different.  I LOVED IT! I highly  recommend it.
B000002W9P|5.0|one the finest of all older metal bands and albums this is worth the money ..thanks
6303327982|5.0|This is a film that demands the lights be turned down and the volume turned right up. From start to finish it is an absolute assault on the senses. Stone's direction may, at first, seem too intense, too chaotic, too  insane. But watch the film again, and again, and the true genius shines  through.  Terrific performances from everyone (although a manic Downey Jr  and lunatic Tommy Lee Jones really shine), a pounding soundtrack, fantastic  script and Stone's obvious anger at the subject he is tackling makes NBK  one in a million. Stone's style has always been one of no compromise, and  NBK takes it to an outer extreme. In terms of gore and violence it isn't  particularly out of the ordinary, but the sense of chaos and mayhem that  runs through the film is powerful and deeply disturbing.  A telling social  commentary on the modern world's obsession with violence and criminal  celebrities NBK is sometimes too close to the truth for comfort, those who  called for the film to be banned would be better served by taking a look at  the putrid c**p filling up prime time schedules, magazine racks and  newspapers that NBK so comprehensively condemns.
B000002W9P|5.0|if you like myself are a true metaller then this album is for you i just got it its awesome brings back old memories when headbanger's ball was on mtv remember the video halloween this cd is the best one i have so gotten  recently ...
B000005DQR|5.0|Endtroducing is a sublime record, sweeping loops and huge breaks, with an altogether new approach to hip hop.  It goes from from truly original dance floor anthems (Organ donor, Number song) to tracks which go beyond the  mellow and move into the disturbing,  listening to this album walking home  on a rainy night is a awesome, if scary experience.
6305538018|4.0|Instead of the gee-whiz techie approach so common in the sci-fi genre, Cronenberg takes a decidely minimilastic approach in this film.  Everything from lighting to props to sound to the backdrop of the film itself (out in  the country instead of bustling, congested urban landscape) is  &quot;o-tech&quot;in nature   Of course the usual Cronenberg  body-manipulation themes are in this film (via the &quot;io-ports&quot;.   BTW, I liked the Matrix very much.  I was just comparing. :)
B000001EEN|5.0|I bought the original release on vinyl that included only six songs.  The newly remastered release includes the entire concert and an excellent version of LAYLA.  My favorites are still BADGE and LITTLE WING.  This  album belongs in every rock collection and is still my favorite Clapton  release.
0767840135|5.0|I have attended live and seen the DVD.  I was very happy with my purchase.  My 17, 15 and 12 year old children loved it also.
0899682995|5.0|IM SURE THE MAJORITY OF READERS AGREE THIS AS ONE OF THE MOST ENCHANTING, ELIGANT, MOST READ BOOKS OR ALL TIME, BOTH BY CHILDREN ASWELL AS ADULTS. NOW CAREFULLY CONSIDER THE DEDICATION OF THE BOOK. AFTER REFLECTING ON THE  SMALL STORY OF THIS INDIVIDUAL, THE ENTIRE NOVEL TAKES ON A NEW MEANING.  THE THOUGHT, THE EMOTIONS ANOINE DE SAINT EXUPERY IS TRYING TO REACH, GRASP  AND JUST POSSIBLY MAINTAIN, VERY WELL MAYBE HIS OWN FROM THE RELATIONSHIP  MAINTAINED AT THE DEDICATION. IS LE PETIT PRINCE LEON WERTH?
0792156684|4.0|I really liked Titanic the first time that I saw it in the theatre, when it was hardly such a commercial product and before everyone saw it just for Leonardo DiCapprio.  The acting was okay, as the Oscars proved, but what I  liked the most were the special effects.  It was such a beautiful movie; I  am glad it won an Oscar because it was the only movie I saw that I actually  exclaimed &quot;wow&quot; at the end.
0201485672|5.0|It's rare that I find a technical book as immediately useful and fun to read as _Refactoring_. The cleverest thing about refactoring as a technique is that it provides a well-articulated, structured framework for doing  something that every experienced developer does already (more or less  unconsciously) -- constantly restructuring their code to make it easier to  understand and maintain. This alone makes refactoring a useful contribution  to software engineering.<br /><br />However, Fowler doesn't stop there. He  presents rationales for refactoring (with an eye towards making a case to  management) and much detailed, practical insight that comes from  experience, but is rarely expressed so concisely and elegantly. I also  appreciated the importance Fowler placed on unit testing; in fact, using  unit testing makes refactoring happen much more quickly, and leaves you  with a lot more peace of mind besides.<br /><br />I read the book cover to cover  and enjoyed nearly every page. The book has added a lot to my value as a  developer, and was a lot of fun in the bargain. I don't think a whole lot  more needs to be said. Just buy it, you can thank everyone who told you to  later.
B00000K31Q|5.0|My roommate at college and I were on a romance kick... we rented this movie and watched it... I think it is one of the cutest movies ever made.  Since then, I've watched it two more times, both within two days, and I am  definately planning on buying it when its out on vhs... =)
0446525537|4.0|Overall, I liked this book. However, I felt like it was too brief. Some things could have be developed a little more thoroughly. I liked that it was a &quot;light&quot; sadness, not a depressive story. It takes only a  few hours!
6304145225|5.0|Top Gun is, without a doubt, the coolest movie ever made.  Sure, Buns of Steel has great helicopters and stuff, but I prefer the action and excitement.  In God's Hands has surfing, and Rad has bicycles, but I love  the music of Top Gun.  I reccomend the sound track and the Barbie action  figures that come with an F-14 fighter jet.  Wow.  I mean, yeah.  Dude,  Rad!
6302886228|5.0|You forget all of the good music and songs that Bob Dylan wrote until you see this video.  There is one great performance after another.  And one great song after another.  My favorites were Tracy Chapman, Eddy Vedder,  the O&quot;Jays, Stevie Wonder, Eric Clapton, and Tom Petty.  My least  favorite - Bob.  Go figure.
0590353403|5.0|I think that all the Hary Potter books are awsome! They are great for children of all ages, and adults too. Keep reading the others and you'll have a great time!
0767835107|4.0|The movie 'Cruel Intentions ' is a unique movie about young people dealing with stress and unhappiness. Two stepsiblings develop a strangely corrupted bond which involves making other people miserably simply because they have  all they could possibly want and are still very unhappy souls. Their cruel  games are simply how the two brother and sister deal with their  unhappiness... by making other people unhappy. Their relationship is a  strange one filled with hate and sexual desire which makes it even more  interesting. Although it is no oscar winner, it is still a delight and a  must see.
B000000OAH|5.0|This is a GLORIOUS example of Queen at a creative high point. The only song I do not enjoy on this album is track one, &quot;Mustapha&quot;. But don't let it fool you. The rest of the album is sterling. My personal  favorites include &quot;Leaving Home Ain't Easy&quot;,  &quot;Jealousy&quot;, and &quot;In Only Seven Days&quot;. LHAE has sweetly  sad harmonies which convey the perfect touch of heartache.  &quot;Jealousy&quot;... what can one say. Freddie's vocals on this one are  flawless. And John Deacon reaches his usual songwriting pinnacle of  greatness with the lovely IOSD. As for the rock-ier songs, &quot;Let Me  Entertain You&quot; is a riptide. One can't help but air drum at 'we give  you rock a la carte'. And &quot;Dead On Time&quot; is a limit-pushing  growler. All in all, not *quite* my favorite Queen album, but close (in the  top five, I believe). _Jazz_ has got something for everyone, so give in and  let Queen entertain you...
B00000JCB2|5.0|Fred Durst hit the jackpot with Significant Other.  If Nookie impressed you with it's phat rhymes and awesome hardcore there is a lot more to come like N Together Now feat. Method Man, Just Like This, and Nine-teen  Ninety-nine. Limp Bizkit also countinues their hardcore tradition with song  like Break Stuff (MY FAVORITE), I'm Broke, and  the rest of the tracks.   They evend added a little Pop - Rock in there with No Sex.  Significant  Other is one of the best hardcore record out right now and as in the words  of Fred Durst, &quot;What where you expecting, some BSB cd.&quot;
B000001YOW|4.0|This CD would rate as the second best in the Porcupine Tree catalog - right behind 1999's Stupid Dream (which is, quite simply, one of the best CD's on the 90's). That being said, this is still an excellent CD with the  strong opening combo of Bornlivedie and the rocking Signify and the superb  guitar playing on the closing track, Dark Matter.<br />Steven Wilson's dark  lyrics have matured by leaps and bounds on this album. Sleep of No  Dreaming, Waiting and Dark Matter showcase this underrated Wilson  talent.<br />Also, the use of samples on this disc is quite amusing, from the  very beginning of Bornlivedie to the very end of Dark Matter. In addition  to being the most talented musician today, Wilson also has one warped sense  of humor.
6303566898|5.0|We had never seen this movie although we are Jimmy Stewart fans.  We recently found out that the cigar lighter we purchased at an antique auction is the actual one used in this film so we watched it on  Thanksgiving Day and loved the story as well as the fact that we have an  authentic stage prop from the movie.  It still works!  So we have to have  the movie.
B000031XCR|1.0|I attended a corporate party recently and this was one of the cd's that was getting played. Man was I bored! I requested something more heavier and uptempo, but the dj said that Celine was a priority. The President of the  company felt &quot;Alternative&quot; was too radical or political in  nature, and felt that artist's like celine most conducive for this  environment. It is a shame that my generation, the one that said &quot;Hope  I die before i get old&quot; is actually ageing before my eyes.  I guess i  refuse to conform to middleage, for celine is like listening to music when  you have one foot in the grave.
B00003003R|3.0|I bought this CD in Finland where it was released six days before the official release date and my initial enthusiasm was somewhat muted when I first heard it. Unlike Aerosmith's recent double live album,'A Little South  Of Sanity',the live attack of GN'R is only half captured. I was not  entirely dissappointed since it had the great GN'R songs on it but it just  didn't really seem very inspiring. Rocket Queen should have been a ride to  hell and back but instead we get an uncharacteristically sanitised vocal  performance from Rose and the guitars just don't seem loud enough. The  talking guitar was cool though. Most of the songs simply are not delivered  with the attitude and conviction that GN'R were capable of. I am not saying  that this is a terrible live album but what I am saying is that it is very  mediocre. My advice is that if you are a GN'R fan; get this album but bear  in mind it has been somehat cleaned up. If you are new to GN'R and you  would like to hear them live, then go and buy the Use Your Illusion 1 and 2  videos. If you want a great live rock n' roll album then my advice would be  to get Aerosmith's A Little South Of Sanity.
B00002Z88D|4.0|I found this CD overwhelming.  It was all that I expected.  The symphony blended so well with the band.  The lyrics were at times lost, but other than that it totally rocked the house, the only regret it that I didn't get  to see it live.
B000006O7C|5.0|When I heard this cd I didn't know whether to make love or cry.  I had the urge to do both.  This cd moved my soul.  I felt I was going to implode from the heart.  The feeling I had inside was so strong that it could have  sucked everything else in.  You may think I'm overreacting, but J. Buckley  said himself that he didn't make his music for the magazines or the radios,  he made it for the people who screamed his songs walking down the streets,  people with wild souls. I heard Sketches before being introduced to Grace,  and that blew my mind too.  With Sketches I got a look at Buckley, rough  and uncut.  Then I got the finished look with Grace.  Both cds are truly  poetic.  After I heard Sketches, I was told Buckley was dead and I felt I  lost a part of myself with him.
055347331X|1.0|Read the book.  Don't bother with the audio version if you enjoy the depth and humour in Gabaldon's writing.  The abridgement made the story sound like your typical trashy romance, with all of the emphasis on the sex  scenes.  It removed all of the intrigue, character development and history  from the book.  <br />While she writes decent romance, that is not what makes  her books so worth reading and eagerly anticipated.
630562285X|3.0|I called Entrapment &quot;lopsided&quot; because its first act is a complete bust, confusing and uninteresting, but its final sequences make for very effective action filmmaking.<br />Skipping the fact that this movie  is trying to generate heat between two actors two generations apart  (30-year-old Catherine Zeta-Jones and 70-something Sean Connery), this  movie succeeds on quite a few levels -- and falls flat on others.<br />It was  surprising for me to discover that the script was co-written by Ron Bass.   For the first 30 minutes are utter chaos -- not giving the audience the  information it needs, stingy with exposition, and quite frankly badly  scripted, staged, and acted.  Catherine Zeta-Jones comes alive onscreen,  though, once she is paired with Connery -- faced with the task of matching  Connery's legendary screen presence, she faces up to the task admirably,  projecting charisma and a good degree of emotional authenticity.  Not a  great performance, but a solid one.  Connery waltzes his way through  another not-so-challenging but fun performance.<br />The execution of the  dramatic scenes as well as the set-ups for the scenario were very poorly  done by Jon Amiel (Copycat).  However, Amiel redeems himself partially by  the slam-bang last half hour of the film, where suspense and tension are  both high and the stunts have a degree of freshness to them.  Worth a look.
B000002KAT|5.0|I purchased this album nearly a year ago, and at first I just did not get it.  Everybody praised this album, but I couldn't sink my teeth into it.  Finally, I decided to listen to it again today.  This is, without a doubt,  the most beautiful album I have ever heard.  Every song glows with an  ethereal beauty, but there is a veil of sadness over the whole affair.  I  can't put into words how wonderful this music is.  &quot;Beside You&quot;  blew me away, it is so haunting and mysterious.  In particular, I love  &quot;Slim Slow Slider,&quot; as Van Morrison ruminates over the past and  the woman he has lost, and the flute plays the most eerie and sad thing I  have ever heard. Please buy this if you don't own it.
6302206294|5.0|I loved it, just about everyone did a good job acting (I really liked Christian Slater), but everyone else did good also.  It was kinda politically correct but can you find a movie now day's that's not?   And as  for the historical correctness (as mentioned by someone else's review) it's  a movie not a history book.  It dosen't claim that it's real fact's, it's  called fiction.  Well I liked it I hope you will too!
0425170349|5.0|This is the best book written by Clancy, however, Jack Ryan is nowhere in this. There are several references to &quot;the president&quot;, and only one time do they actually say &quot;Jack&quot; in this.  <br />However, what  makes this book the best is that it would be so easy for someone todo  something like this.  This is definatly Clancy at his best.  Clark and  Chavez definatly bring it home in this. Its a very long book, but it is a  page turner.  Great novel for anyone who wants some excellent reading.
6301773551|5.0|This movie is a must see and a must own. Superb acting accompanies stunning special effects (especially since it was made in 1977). Many people agree it is the best movie they have ever seen. Its deffinatly the  best I've seen!  This movie seems to never grow old with time and  rightfully so.
B000002KGT|5.0|If you don't know the story, three relationships were falling apart while this album was being recorded: Christine and John McVie, Stevie Nicks and Lindsey Buckingham, Mick and Sara Fleetwood. Each song told a different  story: anguish, wonder, pain, confusion, anger, all written from the heart.  It's amazing that for a group of people being pulled in several different  emotional directions at once, they came together and put out this album,  unequivocally a milestone. You can hear two sides of every relationship  virtually from one song to the next, listen to &quot;Dreams&quot; followed  by &quot;Go Your Own Way&quot; for a great example. Mick Fleetwood and John  McVie formed a solid rhythm section, and Lindsey Buckingham was, and still  is, one of the most underrated guitarists in rock and roll. This album is  filled with some of the best classic rock ever recorded, from &quot;Don't  Stop&quot; to &quot;Dreams&quot; to &quot;You Make Lovin' Fun&quot;. Stevie  and Lindsey do a great harmony duet with &quot;I Don't Want to Know&quot;,  and &quot;Songbird&quot; is just Christine and her piano, a soulful,  threadbare ballad. Almost every song here is a staple on classic rock  radio, and it's still one of the best selling albums of all time. This was  the first album I ever bought with my own money, and it was money well  spent.
B00000JZC4|5.0|I've been a Filter fan ever since I heard them play &quot;hey man nice shot&quot; on the X-files.  And after hearing Short Bus, I couldn't wait for another album.  Title of Record completely blew me away.  Filter did  change their sound a little bit but they still have got enough bass on this  album to knock your windows out.  This album has more variety on it than  their last, which makes some of the songs more experimental.  But still,  every song is good and it's one of the best CDs I've ever bought.  And I  highly recommend it.
B00000JGOH|4.0|same of title, i think it's clear and there's no need to type more.
6305531412|1.0|This is one of the more disappointing DVDs I've purchased. Contrary to what Greg Lovern believes (below), the censorship is indeed a big deal--even if we're only talking about a few frames of film. It's the  principle of the thing. This kind of censorship is akin to blacking out  words in a literary classic. You wouldn't stand for that, right? Well, we  shouldn't stand for it in film. Frankly, I'm somewhat alarmed by some  studios' efforts to alter their films in later incarnations. For example,  George Lucas not only &quot;enhanced&quot; his famous &quot;Star Wars&quot;  film with new digital footage; he also removed extra-violent frames of  stormtrooper deaths. A few frames here and there don't matter, right?  Wrong. Art doesn't work that way. And I believe this influential film  qualifies as art.<br />On top of the censorship (which alone should convince  you to avoid this disc), Disney has released \\"Roger Rabbit\\" with absolutely  no supplemental features--including the great theatrical trailer promised  on the cover. Imagine the special edition DVD this could have been!  Zemeckis and Hoskins commentary, behind-the-scenes footage, deleted scenes,  featurettes, pre-production animation footage--oh, and the promised  trailer.<br />You're better off finding a beat-up VHS copy at a used-tape  sale. At least that copy won't have censored scenes.
0060987464|4.0|Marilyn Manson is a frightening character, but Brian Walker, the man who plays Manson, proves to be an intelligent man. This book is filled with disgusting and perverse stories, but while Manson freely admits to them and  rarely apologizes, he does give some level of justification. As far as rock  and roll biographies go, this is one of the best I have read, because  Manson writes well and usually has some cohesion to his commentary (which  is far more than most books in this genre can boast). I was much more  afraid and revolted by Manson before I gave I chose to read about his side  of the story, and after doing so I have a greater understanding and less  fear (though certainly no more respect) for him than before. It is a good  book.
6305537798|4.0|This movie appealed to me immensely even though it centers on high school students and I am a 24 year old graduate student in English.  It is a perfect example of the timelessness of Shakespeare because it shows how the  characters he created (in this case, in The Taming of the Shrew) and their  experiences are universal and we can identify with them nearly 400 years  later, whether we are 17, 24, or 50.  As a movie lover and a sucker for  romantic comedies, I am always disappointed in those that have cheesy,  sappy, or unrealistic love confession scenes, but this movie handled them  well and I was thrilled.  The characters and relationships were developed  as well as you can hope for the genre.  I was thoroughly entertained by the  whole movie, the characters, and the soundtrack and, of course, I Loved  Heath Ledger's character, Patrick!
0800137841|1.0|Pitifully bad. Branagh is as annoying as ever, in this terribly pretentious, over-the-top, ultra-lavish, and utterly unengaging version of the interesting if relatively dull novel. You'll occasionally get a couple  minutes of real quality, but it is always quickly ruined by something  inexplicable silly and irritating. It's true what a reviewer below said --  there are many, many scenes which just come off as funny, even though they  aren't supposed to be. Never a good sign. This movie is interesting simply  because it is so awful. Self-important chaos constitutes the general  tonality.
B00002MZ2T|5.0|Actually, I'd give this cd ten stars, but they don't let you do that, so I guess five will do. This is most definatly the only cd on the planet that surpasses Savage Garden's first album. Darren and Daniel are amazing  musicians, and this cd is sure to be a HUGE hit! My fave songs are... well,  all of 'em. You can't lose when it comes to Savage Garden. All their music  is great!
0800196341|2.0|Goofy and pretentious, though thorough and accurate adaptation of Hamlet. Branaugh is as silly and self-important ever, playing Hamlet (of course -- Branaugh *must* be the star) as a prissy brat, making it more difficult  than usual to empathize (much less sympathize) with him and his plight. The  sets are lavish and some of the other actors do quite well in their roles.  Certain scenes are given interesting and creative twists, and all in all it  is clear that a lot went into the making of this. That's worth something.  But it isn't enough, especially once you get to the absolutely ludicrous,  over-the-top climax (the climax of the play itself is fine, it's just the  way Branaugh does it that's awful.) A well-intended, colorfully painted,  but ultimately overrated version of Hamlet.
B00001U0DP|5.0|First, my impression of the film-I don't think I laughed and cried so much in a long time. Buy it, own it and share it with others!<br />Now my input on the DVD experience. The disc contains a dubbed version of the film in  English. We tried watching this version first, but found the dialogue and  story were actually harder to follow than the subtitles! When we started  the film over again with the English subtitles &quot;on&quot; we discoved  we were missing Roberto's energy and punctuation. Even if you don't  understand a word of Italian you need to hear the impact in the actor's  voices to appreciate what is being said. Still, if you can't deal with the  subtitles you have a choice. Incidently, the sections of the film which  feature German dialogue are not dubbed so we still have the same experience  as our characters do.<br />The bonus materials area on the disc features  several TV spots (commercials) for the film. No real bonanza here, but  there is a brief documentary, &quot;Making Life Beautiful&quot;. It  features footage from various programs where the film has won awards, etc.  It also contains a mini-filmography of other Benigni films and interviews  with his various costars. The documentary tone is very promotion oriented  spending most of its time patting Benigni and company on the  back-deservedly so.<br />Picture clarity is excellent (what you would expect  from a new film) and sound very good as well.
630438551X|1.0|I didn't expect anything too great, but this was simply painful to watch. I have nothing against quirkiness, or modern takes on Shakespeare, but watching this film is a lot like watching an obnoxiously loud,  two-hour-long commercial that's trying hard to tell the teenagers of the  world that &quot;we understand what you think is cool.&quot; Chris Tucker  does NOT help. Nor does the eye-wearying, goofy, rapid-fire editing. Nor  does the fact that the actors are simply not very compelling in their  roles. I don't see how anyone other than teeny-bopper girls who like to see  Leonardo DiCaprio wet could get much of anything out of this. It simply has  no charm, no sense of tact or aesthetic restraint. The attempts at humor  are never funny. It may be true that it is meant to be over-the-top, but it  could've been over-the-top and done well at the same time. Instead it's a  tiresome, annoying mess.
0131103628|5.0|This book has been referred to as the &quot;the K&amp;R book&quot;.<br />I first read this book when I took my first programming class in school.  12 years later, and I still use it as a reference occasionally.<br />I recommend  this book for everyone who is a C/C++ programmer.  You might say that you  don't need this if you only do C++ programming, but this will help you to  understand the foundations of how C and C++ work.<br />If I was only allowed  to have one programming book, this would be the one to get.<br />This book is  like the bible of C programming.  If you ever have a dispute with a  collegue over a C programming issue, this book will help you solve your  argument.<br />If you ever have to interview for a C programming job, and you  just want to brush up on things, this is the book to buy.
B00003003R|5.0|Its Guns N' Roses, damnit, of course its 5 Stars
0446343129|5.0|I read Sugar Blues years ago, and became a right-wingist, eliminating all sugar.  Over the years, sugar crept back in.  Now I'm doing it again because of (1) moodiness, (2) always being bloated, (3) loss of &quot;real  appetite&quot;.  Sugar in EVERYTHING (even soups and vegetables) makes it  very hard to stop totally but what I remember most about William Duffy's  comments were the similarity to cocaine use when sugar was first introduced  -- the first sugar users brought it to parties and it was a great  specialty.  That hit home.<br />Try to Quit!  It takes almost a full month for  the cravings to go away.  Anyone who has seen The Insiders and the power  that the tobacco industry has, can understand the enormity of trying to  attack the sugar industry.<br />AS a PS, Sugar in everything is an American  phenomenon.  You won't find sugar in soups, canned vegetables, frozen  dinners in Holland and the rest of Europe.  WHY is it DONE to us here in  America?<br />Pick up this book and begin to understand how eliminating ONE  FOOD ITEM ALONE can change your life.
B0000070QS|5.0|After spending quite some time debating whether or not to pay more than normal for this CD, I finally bit the bullet and did it.  As a fan of a-ha since I was 10 years old, I was afraid of the unknown - that being Morten  writing his own music.  But I can honestly say I love this CD.<br />True,  after only a day of listening to it (non-stop, of course), it isn't yet as  familiar to me as the former a-ha discs, but it will be.<br />Morten's voice  is simply amazing.  It reaches far beyond just my ears, at times, it seems  to invade my soul.  I literally never tire of listening to him, no matter  what he's singing.  And it's great to hear him sing songs he's had a hand  in creating, whether the words, music, or both.<br />With any luck, the  reunited a-ha will be as wonderful as they once were, and Morten will  continue to express himself with his own music, not just sing along to  someone else's words.  Because when he puts his all into it, something  almost painfully beautiful is created, and the world is better for it.
6300216039|5.0|This is the best movie on Romeo and Juliet so far of all I'd ever seen. I watched it ones when I was in High School, it shocked everybody's eyes, it's unbelievably fine! But I couldn't find it since it's too old. (which  surprised me on that it really doesn't seem that old) I watched it the  second time last wwek at my cousin's house. I got shocked again and asked  him where to buy it. He say he bought it from Amazon so I just bought one a  few seconds before. Hope whoever saw this movie would enjoy this, the best  movie of all throughout the would.
0688170528|4.0|Two families have lived next door to each other for many years. Not only has an intense friendship been maintained between the two sets of parents, but also the daughter of one family has, literally since birth, been  closely paired with a son of the other family. It is now accepted by all  concerned that Chris and Emily will eventually be married.<br />Then Emily is  shot dead, and Chris becomes the key suspect. Was her death part of a  suicide pact? Why would this outgoing, normal girl remotely consider  suicide? The book flashes back and forth between life before and after the  tragic incident.<br />This is an unusual and interesting novel that explores  a problem that can arise between two intimates who have known each other  all of their lives. My main dissatisfaction with the tale revolves around  Chris's reasoning processes through all the sturm und drang of the events.  But then again teen agers don't always think with wisdom. It would not be  fair to flesh out this concern of mine in any detail without disclosing too  much of the plot, however.<br />Good read if you are looking for a tale of an  unusual romance.
B00002Z88D|5.0|This is a fantastic blend of music. Hopefully, Metallica and the San Francisco Symphony Orchestra have sparked some interest in another type of music.<br />Metallica has always been about _music_, and this endeavor further  proves that point.
0767817486|4.0|I've read the majority of the reviews posted and I can tell that most if not all of the reviewers never read the book.  I, on the other hand, did.  With the exception of the ending (which is, in fact, more harrowing than  the movie's) the film is very loyal to William Hayes' book.  I have never  been to Turkey but would love to, regardless of this film.  I believe  anyone with an I.Q. higher than doorknob's understands that Mr. Hayes  experience was extremely isolated and does not reflect an entire nation and  its people.  After all, he was caught attempting to smuggle Hashish out of  the country and was punished accordingly.  Billy Hayes was no innocent,  despite Oliver Stone's or Alan Parker's attempts to portray him as a victim  of a brutal regime yet he was hardly a hardened criminal, either.  Whether  what transpired within the walls of that prison was true is anybody's  guess.  Only William Hayes can say for sure and unless one the reviewers  actually did time in a Turkish prison, whether they be a Turkish national  or a foreigner, no one can truly question the authenticity of the  experience.  A very frightening and dramatically taut film about one man's  trials and tribulations in a foreign penal system.  Brad Davis and John  Hurt were equally fantastic and the Giorgio Moroder score was also first  rate.  An all-around gripping film.
B00000DLUO|5.0|I heard this album for the first time last year, and has truly been a rewarding experience. On &quot;From Left, To Right&quot; Bill Evans moves effortlessly back and forth from the grand piano to the Rhodes electric  piano. I love the two versions of &quot;The Dolphin&quot;, one with the  just the band and the second with string and percussion overdubs. It's  almost a crime that this album stayed out of print for so long. It's  prompted me to pick up other albums from him. This is supreme mood music,  and is one you should hear for yourself.
B000002MM8|5.0|This was the first Dead Can Dance CD I ever heard, and it is just lovely. I have probably listened to it a thousand times. It has a unique dark, almost tribal sound. Brendan Perry and Lisa Gerrard both have incredible  voices.
6305627347|5.0|The language in this otherwise very funny animated feature is even worse than what was repeatedly said in Al Pacino's &quot;Scarface&quot;.  This is NOT a film for children!  In fact, I'd even rate this one more tasteless  than Monty Python's &quot;Meaning of Life&quot;, and that's going pretty  far!  Having said all that, I laughed throughout this very funny film, and  loved the songs!  If you like South Park humor, you'll REALLY love this!
0802130208|4.0|Imagine a huge, rusted old buick, back seat littered with McDonalds' wrappers, plastic ducklings, and the occasional dog-eared copy of Chaucer or Donne... it careens and swerves down a narrow street, hitting a garbage  can, pausing, going into reverse, hitting a telephone pole, birds above  squawking in terror and emptying their bowels onto the roof and  windshield... the car skids across the alsphalt, pulverizing a mailbox and  a couple of lawn ornaments... finally the car jumps the curb, magically  aligns in the right direction, and drives off into the distance, leaving  behind a yo-yo, two torn tablets of yellow paper, and a street full of  spectators, cringing behind shutters and peering behind curtains, caught  between horror and humor and soon bursting into infectious, roaring  laughter.<br />That imaginary image describes my state when I finished the  last page of this book -- horrendous and hilarious, sophisticated and  crass, well-written and masterfully constructed.
0385421982|2.0|Let me say upfront that I don't think John Grisham is a good writer.  That being said, I thought &quot;A Time to Kill&quot; was a very good book -- not quite at the level of &quot;To Kill a Mockingbird,&quot; but still  well-written.  I wouldn't call &quot;The Firm&quot; a good book by any  means, but it created an atmosphere of paranoia effectively.<br />&quot;The  Pelican Brief,&quot; however, began a downward slide for Grisham, the  depths of which I stopped monitoring after &quot;The Client.&quot;<br />First,  &quot;The Pelican Brief&quot; is just too much to swallow.  In &quot;The  Firm,&quot; Mitch had the FBI helping him -- sort of -- so you can suspend  some disbelief and think that he might survive his employment with the mob.   But in &quot;The Pelican Brief,&quot; Darby is a second year law student  with no help at all.  It just strains credulity to believe that she could  survive.<br />But that's hardly the worst flaw in the book.  The worst sin  committed herein is that Grisham CHEATS.  In an effort to generate  suspense, he withholds from the reader the information that would explain  why everyone wants to kill Darby Shaw.  Why?  Because of the contents of  the Pelican Brief, which she wrote.  So while Darby knows why everyone is  after her, the reader doesn't find out until two thirds of the way in, when  Grisham finally deigns to share the brief with us.  This is a mark of a  lazy or untalented writer.
B000002UB3|5.0|They never said to each other that this was going to be their last album, but in their hearts they knew it... and it shows.<br />This is truly a classic album to have in your collection whether you're a Beatles fan or not.   Moving away from their psychedelic roots, they recorded an album that was  heavy, gentle, sweeping, and fitting.<br />Many people will know it for songs  like &quot;Something&quot; or &quot;Come Together&quot; which stand as  monumental singles.  However, people tend to forget the two sweeping  medleys that take up the second half of the album.  Unlike things they had  done previously, The Beatles once again took their artform to another level  by placing multiple song medleys to end off their career.<br />Also, don't  forget the heavy rock displayed by Lennon's &quot;I Want You (She's So  Heavy).&quot;  Add the playful songs such as &quot;Octopus' Garden&quot;  and &quot;Maxwell's Silver Hammer&quot; and you have a complete Beatles'  album fitting enough to finish their career and dazzling enough to  influence new ones.
0805241655|5.0|I quite like this translation. I simply cannot understand how this book could be boring to someone. It is a lovely and haunting story. It also might be interesting for anyone who has visited Prague.
0060254920|5.0|My mother first bought this book for my oldest son.  It has endured as a beloved favorite to all three of my boys.  I think that children can really identify with Max and his thoughts.  When he is sent to his room for  misbehavior, his imagination helps him to run away to where the wild things  are and collect his thoughts.  I believe that the author must remember what  its like to be a child and feel like no one understands, and not quite  understanding yourself. Ruling the wild things helps Max understand that he  just wants to feel loved, and helps parents to keep in mind that such  outbursts from children are generally cries for attention--for someone to  love them best of all.  Mr. Sendak understands children!  When you read  this book it will transport you back to your own childhood and you will  remember that lost feeling of being a child.  Bravo, Maurice!  You are my  hero!
B00003003R|5.0|Guns N Roses are a spectacular and classic band, no doubt about it, but they've never released anything but a studio album. No greatest hits. No Live Albums. No Tour Dossier. This album has it all! Every single one of  these songs are incredible. You can say that there is no merit in buying  this even if you have all of the albums because these versions are way  different. Novemember Rain for example is 12 minutes of greatness. I highly  recommend that anyone who likes music buy it.
630562285X|3.0|I agree with what most of you have said.  Not well written perhaps and a definite stretch of the imagination but then, aren't most action-packed thrillers?  As to whether or not Catherine can act, well I guess I got lost  in those big dark eyes, not to mention her smile, and anything seemed  possible.
B000002UB6|4.0|This is as close as you'll get to a &quot;live&quot; album for the Beatles.  <br />Many describe this album as rough and unpolished.  True in many cases.  But that's not the main characteristic of this album.  It's  very honest.  They don't behind much (except for Phil Spector's Wall of  Sound every now and then.)  <br />Compared to their masterful orchestral  pieces of Sgt. Pepper and Magical Mystery Tour, Let It Be, is like  listening to the Beatles record in your garage or in a coffee shop.  <br />The  songs are still great and classic.  Albeit there are a number of unknown  songs that the non-Beatle fanatic would have to grow into like, &quot;I Me  Mine.&quot;  Nonetheless, it's a different Beatles' album where Paul wanted  to &quot;get back&quot; to their roots and present a raw cut album.  That  aspiration dissipated as a number of overdubs were added on, but the magic  is still apparent. <br />For the Beatle fan, it's a must because it sheds a  new light on the Beatles and it represents a turbulent time for them as  they neared the twilight of their career.  For the non-Beatle fan, it's a  tougher sell.  Sure, you'll remember hits like &quot;Let It Be,&quot;  &quot;Get Back,&quot; and &quot;The Long and Winding Road.&quot;  However,  I wonder how you'll like the rest of the songs that I admit are not as up  to par as their other non-singles from their other albums.  <br />On the  whole, I recommend it only if you're looking for a rough, unrehearsed  sounding Beatles.  If you're looking for their greatest hits, psychedelia,  or even experimental sounds, I suggest you get another Beatles album.
B00002MZ2C|5.0|...with a little bit of funk.  It's about time!   We waited long enough for this album, and it's nothing short of excellent!  Still forcing the political issues with savvy lyrics and a lot of anger, Zach gets his  message across.  And the music...well, it's always been good.  This time,  though, it's better.  The band keeps a funky beat to get your  &quot;mojo&quot; working, then they smack you right across the face with  their hard hitting sound.  If you haven't bought it, buy it now!  If you're  not a fan, you will be!
B000002MG1|5.0|this album are the most essential recordings of alt rock this decade.Even Nirvanas Nevermind, U2s Achtung Baby, Sonic Youths Daydream Nation, or any very important album, even the ones last mentioned which are considered  masterpieces, get to this music level, the level were both, Ok Computer and  this album reach a level of sadness, density and real emotion played by all  of both bands formation.  Just hear Man On The Moon with great happines  and tears in you eyes, Drive to watch how your brain dopes itslef with  impressive tunes, Everybody Huts to fell in love completely, or  Ignorland   to just freak out completely.  An album reccomended for those real music  lovers, which use music not only as art, but as a way of comlpete   emotional excorsism.  Wonderfull, REM from this album on, can compare to  Radiohead....... the best bands ever...
0394533054|5.0|Albert Camus paints a horrific existential painting into a young man's mind. Preliminary Suggestions: I suggest you get some cliffs notes on this book or any supplementary tutors or have a teacher guide you through the  book so that you will not get lost. The symbolism on existential theory  does get over some people's heads sometimes. I was extremly fortunate to  have a good teacher guide me. This book begins with the funeral of  Mersault's mother and his dreary world of nothingness. Throughout the book,  Meursault lacks responsibility about his life. He is extremly lazy and he  takes life on a primitive level.  In the middle of the book, Meursault  murders an Arab, which he casts the blame of the murder to the sun or the  sand or anything he could blame it on. Meursault undergoes the trial which  he is being charged with his philosophy of life and not the Murder of the  Arab. The book begins with a death, in the middle there is a death and at  the end there is a death.  Albert Camus shares an interesting concept of  Existentialism with thinkers like Jean-Paul Sartre. We all, as human  beings, are doomed to be free. We have the freedom to choose our paths in  life and we have the authority to change that at any stage of life. This is  the common theme of the book.
B000003RCY|5.0|Sehnsucht is an incredible album, but I find myself repeatedly drawn back to this cd. Wollt Ihr Das Bett In Flammen Sehen and Laichzeit in particular demonstrate the incredible talent of Rammstein. If you bought the Sehnsucht  cd, or are a fan of Rammstein, I HIGHLY reccommend HERZELEID.
B000002OOY|5.0|John Williams has really outdone himself with this CD. Each track takes you deeper and deeper into a world where dinosaurs reign. Each track is different and original and never fails to lift you from your seat. The  Jurassic Park theme particularily soars with majesty and triumph. This CD  really is a must have. I recieved it when the movie first came out and I  still listen to it. I bring it everywhere. It is one of my most treasured  CDs. Listen to it and you will see how truly wonderful it is.
6305078564|5.0|I'm a Jane Austen fan and this movie is very loyal to the book. I had seen the BBC version, and the DVD is even better as it contains extra scenes that make it even more enjoyable. I'd give more than 5 stars if it were  possible.
B000001IPL|5.0|This is my favorite cd.  The Offspring are awsome, and this is their best cd.  Every single song is good.  My favorites inclue Self Esteem, Smash, Come out and Play, and Gotta Get Away.  This cd is one you can listen to  straight through many times and not get bored of.
0451191153|1.0|What can I say? Philosophy is philosophy. Fiction is fiction. Can the two be mixed, intertwined as it were? Certainly; Joyce did it. Dante did it. Plato did it. Many other authors did it, all in different ways. Do I mean,  in dropping the above names, to compare Rand to such great pillars of the  Western Canon? Certainly not. Rand's implantation of philosophy into her  writing is about as subtle as an appendectomy without anasthetic, and just  as painful. Her characters are one-dimensional vehicles for abstract  concepts. They lack any depth, and I as a reader could not care for them.  Her metaphors are incredibly awkward, and her prose style seems to look  forward uncannily to the books one can now find in wire racks at airports.  As for her philosophy itself, she can keep it. If I want to embrace a Cult  of Personality, I'll look no further than Stalin, thank you very much. I  suggest to all of those who have turned to Objectivism to think for a  moment, at which point I hope they'll realize that &quot;rational  selfishness&quot; is no more than &quot;rationalized selfishness.&quot; If  you wish to read a REAL bildungsroman, pick up Joyce's  &quot;Portrait.&quot;
0425170055|5.0|The first Tom Clancy book I ever read was Patriot Games.  After reading it I instantly chose him as my favorite author.  Then I read some more books of his like The Cardinal of the Kremlin and Red Storm Rising, and I was  dissapointed to say the least.  He seemed to be writing manuals with  little, if any, action in them at all.  This book has totally restored my  faith in him.  It carries along at a breakneck speed and you can barely put  it down.  It may not be the most realistic book in the world, but it is  certainly one of the most entertaining books I've read.
6303965415|5.0|This is a fantastic movie!  However, if you are not accustomed to the accent the plot may be difficult to understand upon your first viewing.  However, once you get used to it, it is a beautiful production of a great  book.  A book is almost always better than a movie (with the notable  exceptions of BBC's Pride and Prejudice, and the Joy Luck Club) but this  movie comes very close.  It is true to the original, so if you are a high  school or college student who has to read this for a class -- the movie  will get you a B paper.  I very strongly suggest that you read the book as  well, even if you aren't a student.  If you don't love the ending, please  check your pulse.
B00000IPAX|5.0|This is a good cd from a good band.  You can certainly listen to it straight through.  Every song is good, and my favorites are whats my age again, and all the small things.  The cd is also funny.  The only problem i  see is that the lead singer's voice can get a little annoying in some  songs.  I recomend this cd!
0767830555|4.0|The New York city shots are very arty and interesting to look at. The cinematography is very 70's which is a good thing as it captures the style of filmmaking of the time. I think Scorsese makes Bickel out to be the good  guy to show how sometimes even the baddie can be turned into a goodie, hell  just look at WWF! Anyway, thats enough waffle from me!
B00001ZULV|2.0|Phil Collins had released a greatest hits collection (appropriately titled 'Hits') last year crammed with his Top-40 radio hits. This was a good move for him, since many of his albums were not cohesive wholes, but collections  of singles. Genesis, on the other hand, is a band that does not fare well  for compilations. How do you decide what to put on the album and what to  leave off? In an attempt to create pure &quot;product,&quot; Atlantic  Records has pulled some of the most famous Genesis hit singles and put them  on this collection. For an average fan who needs a disc of Genesis, this  would suit well. But the versions of the songs have been cut  (&quot;Mama,&quot; &quot;Tonight, Tonight, Tonight&quot; - where are the  extensive middle sections?), and this truly is a shame. Also, where is  &quot;Paperlate?&quot; Or &quot;Home By the Sea?&quot; Or  &quot;Squonk?&quot; Plus, I bet a lot of novice Genesis listeners don't  realize that Peter Gabriel fronted the band for their most creative period,  from 1970 to 1975. One sole song features Gabriel on vocals. How about  &quot;The Lamb Lies Down on Broadway,&quot; or &quot;The Musical Box?&quot;  These may not be your average hits, but they are certainly worthy of a  Genesis greatest hits package! If you are looking to obtain some Genesis  for your collection, I would point you to some of their best albums. Try  &quot;A Trick of the Tail,&quot; &quot;Selling England by the Pound,&quot;  and &quot;Abacab.&quot; You won't go wrong with any of these picks. One  last note - the reunion track &quot;Carpet Crawlers 1999&quot; is okay, but  nowhere near the beautiful piece of music it originally was on  &quot;Lamb.&quot; This collection should be for collectors only.
0385484518|5.0|EVERYONE should read this book.  EVERYONE should have their own copy, so that they can highlight  parts that they can read over and over again.  This book makes you take a good hard look at yourself, and all of the  REALLY important things in your life become crystal clear.  I loved this  book, and plan on having all of those that I love, read this book.
B00000DHRZ|5.0|This is a good cd.  My favorite songs on it are pretty fly, the kids aren't alright, shes got issues, and americana.  The other songs are pretty good. I don't like some, but they certainly aren't painful to listen to.   This is a cd you can listen to straight through.  Worth your money!
0061002747|2.0|Okay this was probably my least favourite Agatha Christie book. I am a great fan of hers, but I have to say this book sort of dissapointed me. I found it boring. 18 chapters in total were all just Poirot interviewing the  suspects. And I didn't find the end surprising at all. To me, there wasn't  any climax, and all in all it was pretty boring. I really don't see why  this book is so popular. Some of my favorites are Easy to Kill, And then  there were none, and N or M.
B00002MZ2C|5.0|Once again Zack De La Rocha writes and screams with heart!  This is another politically dirven CD in wich I agree with him, the states are torn apart and I see it better than any one, I being in the in the U.S. Army  deployed to Kosovo. Protecting a Country that doesn't wnat us here, and  with the prblems the are in the states it's foolish. But Mr. DeLaRocha sing  with the heart of the oppressed and the abussed.
0312117337|5.0|This is the most beautiful Tarot deck I own, and the ability to read them is simple and down-to-earth.  I think they are the perfect cards for a beginner OR a long time Tarot user.
B00000K19E|5.0|For anyone who hasn't seen the Matrix, you are missing out on probably the best movie of the year.  This movie has it all, suspense, action, sci fi, and some of the best special effects ever created.
0152465030|5.0|Although this book is a short fiction for children, it is highly sugested that any adult read this.  This book takes a look at the many factors of the perfect life.  The little prince goes through many struggles that you  and me do not.  This is a great living example that someones life is worst  than our.<br />I suggest you read this wonderful book by a terrific author!
B000002GFC|5.0|I hate people that whine and whine about sound quality.  Good, brillant music is still good brilliant music.  I have this cd, listen to it all the time, and have never had any complaints.  Exceptional music from three  exceptional musicians.  If there is anything wrong with the recording, I  haven't the faintest idea what it is- this music will always hit me at the  core.   (These same comments are for those who didn't like the &quot;Layla  &amp; Other Assorted Love Songs&quot; recording- learn to appreciate the  &gt;Music&lt; and quit complaining.)
B000002JSP|1.0|Iam of the opinion that this Album is not very very good, too many pop! sorry for the die hard ZEP lovers,...but so it is life. Th eearliest albums were a little bit better
B000002HRE|1.0|they should be ashamed for ever putting the name metallica on this piece of crap.  i bet cliff burton is rolling over in his grave right now because of this cd.
B00002Z88D|5.0|S&amp;M is cool the only drawback is James's voice isnt as intence as on other cds . The songs  are much more powerfull and the band is well very good .
B00000K19E|5.0|Anyone that wants to go on an unbelievable joyride  that meshes action with science fiction then this movies for you.There's something for everyone. Martial Arts that can't be touched, a great story, and just all  out crazy action that the whole family will love.
B000000I0I|5.0|I grew up listening to Mike and never had much interest, when I was 13, I was looking through his CDs to find something cool I remembered from a CD (Turned out to be the Margret Thatcher thing from Amarok) and I started to  relate to the music.  A few months ago I started listening to Ommadawn and  was intrigued by it.  The darkness and depth of the first peice is  incredible and theres no words to explain it... almost sounded Roman.  On  horseback, besides some bad lyrics had an incredible tune as well...the  second part I found to drag on however and could become boring.  This CD  fits into the same style as Hergest Ridge and it is one of my most favorite  Mike Oldfield CDs.  It is extremely powerful and it still mezmerizes me how  Mike manages to write such out-of-reality music that I have come to love.   And this is coming from a kid who likes techno, &amp; rap!
B00000JYGX|5.0|I actually bought this cd when i was in France so at first I didn't understand it, but know after listening to it over and over i understand everything and listen to it everday- I can't get enuf of it.
0780625129|5.0|&quot;American History X&quot; is an extremely powerful and important film. It sizzles off the screen with burning intensity. Director Tony Kaye displays his talent as a filmmaker here. His cinematography, both in color  and black &amp; white, makes Venice look like a training ground for the  Apocalypse. Edward Norton gives his best performance. &quot;American  History X&quot; also studies the mechanics of racism and how it feeds into  the minds of weak-spirited individuals, how evil can blind a person's  thought processes and drive that person to committ horrible acts. The music  here is also effective and flows with the film's mood, if not enhancing it.  This is an important film, which I think, should be shown in high schools  around America. It is a powerful study of hate. I just wish that the  screenplay by David McKenna didn't try to cover so much in only a 24 hour  period. &quot;American History X&quot; would have been a classic of modern  cinema had it been at least a 3 hour piece. It doesn't go into the realm of  masterpiece as it would have been with a genius screenwriter and director  like Oliver Stone. Still, this is a powerful, important movie that everyone  should watch.
B000003NA3|5.0|Those of you who already own the 1-disc version of Live at the Village Vanguard (or plan to buy only that version), may think that those three extra discs aren't essential. Well, you're wrong! Impulse should have  released the complete recordings from the start! (Actually they did release  almost all of those tracks on several albums, mainly in the 1970's) Maybe  you think that four versions of India or Spiritual are too much. Well, in  my view it's impossible to pick only one version; each version has a  different line-up, a different musical colour, a different mood. And the  fact that this recording is complete, gives it an extra documentary value.  But contrary to many &quot;documentary&quot; editions this digital remaster  has delivered a beautiful clear sonority, really magnificent! It's like  Coltrane and his band are standing in front of you. Coltrane and Dolphy are  at their best, improvising like you've never heard before. This is in my  view one of the essential Coltrane albums, and certainly the best coltrane  live recording.
B000000I0D|5.0|I love Crises!  Once again Mike created a very powerful piece and was an impressive attempt at a variation of heavy metal.  Like all of his CDs this track was full of harmony and the rock was great.  I love Moonlight  Shadow... the tune is very strong and powerful... if Maggie's voice was a  little more powerful throughout the piece it would have been even better.   In High Places is onna the best songs I have heard... it's dreamy and  space-like mood as well as its powerful lyrics make this song truly unique  and wonderful.  Even if you aren't a Mike Oldfield fan, I would recommend  this CD anyway.  It isn't New Age either...
6302424887|5.0|In high school and college I always based my term papers and studies on Shakespeare.  The man was a literary genius, I don't think anyone will ever question that.  And his themes are true and can be interpreted into modern  times.  I've been partial to his drama's, such as Hamlet and Julius Caesar.   But my all time favorite has always been and always will be Macbeth.  It's  dark and unrelenting, the great Bard's one and only pulp &quot;noir.&quot;   Roman Polanski knows exactly what I'm talking about.  He portrays Macbeth  and all its characters like a James M. Caine original.  The dark side of  Shakespeare is, I'll grant you very dim.  Polanski remains so faitful to  Shakespeare that you might consider this to be a horror movie.  And in a  lot of ways it is.  But its a pristene cinematic version of a Shakespeare  classic.  Some may argue that Welles did a better job.  I won't disagree  that his version was quite moving.  Orson Welles is a hero of mine and a  genius at that.  But Polanski was given free reign by Columbia Pictures to  make this picture perfect.  So credit must be given where it is due.  Watch  this for the horror, for the thirll, for its poetry.  <br />...Oh yeah, Hugh  Hefner produced.  You may notice this during Lady Macbeth's nightmare  sequence.
B00000IPAX|5.0|This CD rules!  It is so much better than Dude Ranch!  If you have the chance to hear this CD once, you will wanna buy it.  You just got to love The Party Song.  The unique mix of rock, rap and kind of slowish pop is  kewl.  Get it!
6304057709|4.0|Thank you, thank you, thank you!  I have read other people complaining that Ann Firbank was too old in the BBC's Persuasion.  I always thought the same thing about Elinor and Marianne here.  It is nice to know that I am  not the only one to notice things like that. In all, a great movie.   Although liberties were taken with the story.  Many things are added-  Margaret gets a biger part and has a hiding fetish- and some are deleted-  Willoughby's visit on hearing Marianne is deathly ill and Sir John  Middleton's wife, and Lucy steele's sister.  Mostly these have little  effect on the movie.
B000002MZ6|5.0|This was the CD that go me interested in Mike Oldfield in the first place.  <br />The unparalelled deepness and emotional pulling of this CD is beyond words.  It has an astronomical degree of creativity that still puzzles me  today.  The music has such power in it.  The harmony in this ever-flowing  CD is unsurpassed and I think this is Mike's best work.  Many a time when I  have been depressed this CD could help fit that mood in an instant and  spark my creativity in a flash.  <br />The Mac files included on the CD  vibrantly illustrate Mike's artistic talents and how he has interpreted his  music into expresive visualizations such as his Music Video of &quot;Let  There Be Light&quot;<br />Even if you don't know who Mike Oldfield is, I  strongly urge you to get this CD-- I can't express to you how amazing this  peice of work is.  Who needs words to make music great.
B00003003R|5.0|Finally, a live album from one of the best rock bands ever! I just got it today, and have listened to a bit of it, and it's great! It's a must for any diehard GNR fan. Has all of their hits plus a new song, a Black Sabbath  cover called &quot;It's Alright&quot; - mostly a piano song but very good.  one of my favs on the CD. Buy it!
B00002MZ4W|5.0|When i bought Tidal, i enjoyed it for Fiona's voice and interesting lyrics, but i felt the album was really lacking in rhythm and power. all of these shortcomings are made up for in &quot;When The Pawn&quot;, which  provides the same vocal and lyrical quality of the first album, but is full  of powerful and musically intriguing tunes. Some songs, like  &quot;Limp&quot; and &quot;Get Gone&quot; seamlessly travel from slow and  soft to loud and in your face. other songs, like &quot;Paper Bag&quot; are  just good old pop songs. The whole cd is just incredible. It will be  forever glued to my cd player.
B00001QEE9|5.0|Forget about The Lion King, Tarzan, Mulan, and all of the above, this is the finest piece of animated movie ever created on earth.  Simply, superior, moving, heart-breaking, and emotionally sensational.  The best  movie ever by Disney, untouchable, and excellent in every way.  If you are  a critical viewer, Pinocchio is for you.
B00003003R|5.0|Aside from the emotion that goes with buying a &quot;new&quot; album by Axl &amp; Co. for the first time in over six years, I must say that this is definetely a great investment. I have heard several live recordings by this  band in the past, but must truly say that the sound quality, not to mention  the song selection, in this collection, really tops them all. A brilliant  set, perfect sound, really a must have for any hard rock fan.
0446310786|3.0|Those who liked this book should read Faulkner's Intruder in the Dust to see where the plot comes from. This is not an original story nor is it very deep. Atticus Finch is a good character but the story made a better vehicle  for Gregory Peck than it does a serious novel.<br />This is one of those  books (like Catcher in the Rye) whose enduring popularity has always been a  puzzle to me. A simple story, simply told. So what? We don't learn anything  from it. And if one wants the real southern experience, stick with Faulkner  or Flannery O'Conner - or even Harry Crews. They are deeper, uglier and  more true than this perennial trifle.
6305657947|5.0|this movie was such a blast.  Pierce Brosnan was great(how can he not be) and Renee Ruso was sexy and georgeous.  There is lots of plot twists, and it keeps you mesmorized from the first moment.  My only wish is that there  were more films that kept me this giddy with excitement. A+, 10, 5 stars,  thumbs up!
B00000JMQC|1.0|this movie is not repeat not for children. a strong caution for parents this movie will most likely scar you children for life. i am not kidding. as a very wise peson once said- why tamper with perfection? the original  movie was nearly perfect in every way and an amazing accomplishment for the  times. it will warm our hearts for decades to come. the sequel on the other  hand is poorly done with laughable special effects, and a barely plausible  story line. there is a complete lack of focus, depth and objective to this  movie and i would happily banish it to the hall of disgraceful movies  forever. but other that that it was great!
0440219078|5.0|The Givers plot and characters pull you into the book, you find yourself unable to let go. The lives of the characters are so real you'll find yourself realting to them and thinking of what you would do in their  situation. In my opinion I believe this is the best book ever written
0446525537|5.0|After reading Mr Sparks other two novels, &quot;The Notebook&quot; and &quot;Message in a Bottle&quot;, which I truly loved, I literally ran to the book store when A Walk to Remember first came out. everything about  this book is compelling. the Characters, the story line and pace of the  book. I dont normally cry at movies or books but I have cried at virtually  every thing that Mr Sparks has written! There are those that put his work  down for being to&quot;sappy&quot;. But I find his work refreshing and  honest and I'm not afraid to give this to anyone to read because there is  no profanity or sex or violence. Thank you Mr Sparks for another great  romance!
B00000J7J4|2.0|If you want something that's just like Santana's older stuff, you'll like this.  But if you're looking for something that's fresh, new or original, don't waste your money.  Collaborations, like the one with John Lee Hooker,  were fun and new.  Maybe next time...
6304806426|5.0|From the desert of Sahara comes a truly original love story, proving that in memory love lives forever. This is the main idea of The English Patient, an English production that deserves each merit that it has received. It can  be even a very long film. But be &quot;patient&quot; and you will discover  a masterpiece, an oasis among a desert of weak cinematographic productions.  The English Patient is such a perfect motion picture, for an independent  production, that it seems to be a mirage. It has one of the most beautiful  cinematography and probably the most wonderful soundtrack of all times.  Moreover, it has a great art direction, excellent performances by Ralph  Fiennes and Juliette Binoche, and a remarkable direction by Anthony  Minghella. The English Patient is an English masterpiece in which the human  being, in search for its feelings, discover what love and solidarity really  means. You can even not consider this film so touching and deep as I am  describing. But I am certain that every time you watch The English Patient  you will feel better than you were, as part of the human kind.
0446525537|4.0|NOTHING TO SAY EXCEPT ONE MUST READ HIS WRITINGS TO KNOW THAT WHEN YOU FINISH READING EXPECT A GOOD CRY AND BE HAPPY YOU WERE ABLE TO SHARE THE  WALK.
B00000AFWW|5.0|it's like upbeat grunge. or heavy upbeat pop. it's very listenable almost the whole thing could and should be played on the radio except only one stupid song i think where her bad voice shows. listen to #5 it's a great  song. her voice sounds fine for the most part, which is an acievement for  her and her producer, which isn't to say anything against her. she's got  great delivery and i respect that more than a great voice. i think you'll  like this album if u like upbeat pop that's not stupid like the soft  garbage played on most radio stations. and unlike most popular music, hole  has a singer with a personality and hole is a real band not a producers  concoction. there's something great about a band starting out loud and  nasty and then toning it down. they tend to end up with a very listenable  but not sickening sound. meat puppets is another band who did this, and the  pixies.
B00001U0DP|5.0|Quite the correct shot for classical movie collectors. Even after 30 years I'm sure people will be watching this film again. While you are watching this film you'll laugh and cry lot and see that the performance of acting  is unbelievable.
B000001Y16|5.0|All eyez is definetely one of the greatest rap albums in the history of music, but The Don Killuminati the 7 Day Theory is definetely the REALEST and most TRUE. It shows his anger and frustration and has great thought provoking lyrics like on \\"krazy\\" and \\"white manz world\\"...you have to go krazy when you hear \\"me and my girlfriend\\"..the way that Pac describes his gun as his g/f, he just rips it apart! \\"I picked you up when you was '9'/ started out my life of crime with you/ bought you some shells when you turned '22'\\"..\\"..my girlfriend, maybe .45 but she still live..\\" \\"2 live and die in l.a.\\" is something you can mellow out to and it has a specific song for any mood. A complex album to fit a complex man. He let's out his emotion and says things that he knows the public (us) wants to say as well, but can't. An uncomparable/shocking album that can never be duplicated..it is sooo different that you'll be baffled when you first hear it, but then its uniqueness will grab you forever. DO NOT MISS OUT on this album if you're a music fan at all. \\"All eyez..\\" was a good commercial album..it put out what the audience wanted to hear, in this one Makaveli just puts out what he HAS to say, plain and simple.
B000000OU6|3.0|Well this album was one that most people compare to GNR.. well that isnt the best thing to do. GNR cant be duplicated. Slash wasnt trying to do this, but how could you stay totaly away from something so successfull?  Sure the vocals are weak at times and yes they even sound similar to Axl,  but aside from that the album is a good solo album. It is more like a  playground for Slash to dish out some killer solos. Slash does however need  to convice his lead singer to work on vocals before the release of the new  album.. Check out that last track on the cd.. Awsome...
B000003S09|5.0|This third reissue was well worth the wait. The first edition in the early 80's used the LP master and sounded thin, hissy and had poor definition. That's because the master tapes were lost and the label had to make do with  a third or fourth generation LP master.<br />In 1989 Fripp went back to  remaster the album and found that all the masters were missing (again, with  the exception of the LP master which, at that point, was a third or fourth  generation master). He used his copy of the master tapes (quite an  improvement) to redo the album.<br />Using (presumably) his master again,  Fripp has produced the best version of ITCCK in print. The CD doesn't  suffer from the tape hiss, poor stereo separation and detail of the first  master and actually is a sonic improvement over the second edition. Using  24 bit mastering Fripp has recaptured the album's original luster in all  its glory.<br />While the band would break up shortly after concluding their  US tour (This edition includes a booklet full of clippings about the band),  Fripp would regroup and form a new line up which changed every couple of  albums. While thos different line ups provided challenging and interesting  music, none of the later line ups matched the debut for its radical  jazz-rock stylings.<br />Although lyricist Peter Sinfield's lyrics  occasionally border on the juvenile they are more than compensated for by  the melodic compostions by Fripp and Ian McDonald. This album, along with  Starless &amp; Bible Black, Larks Tounge, Red, Discipline and Beat  represent the band at its finest. The only line up that would come close to  generating the power of the original is the Fripp-Belew-Levin-Brufford  version which, in one form or another, continues to record to this  day.<br />The album artwork is a miniature duplicate of the original LP.  Unlike the recent reissues in a similiar format for Roxy Music, Bob Seger  and the Stones, Virgin has done a stellar job of duplicating the artwork  and adding some nice extras.<br />Highly recommended.g some nice extras.  <br />Highly recommended.
0380789019|1.0|&quot;The night before he went to London, Richard Mayhew was not enjoying himself.&quot;<br />The man screws it up on the first sentence. The first sentence. Imagine what the rest of the book is like. A little friendly  warning.
B000006OBQ|5.0|This is vintage Sinatra! Anyone who has ever had the privilege of seeing Sinatra live in Vegas will be transported back to those wonderful years. No one could electrify a stage like the Chairman of the Board. This recording  captures the very essence of that ability and the magic of Vegas in the  60's. It is my opinion that this is the greatest mix of songs ever recorded  by ole blue eyes..
B000002UJQ|5.0|This is an amazing album. it's modern day &quot;dark side of the moon&quot; feel combined with the bold passionate voice and lyrics of Thom Yorke takes you into the angst filled world of a bunch of outcasts who  decided to change the face of music forever. This is definetly one of the  greatest albums of the century. It's up there with &quot;Siamese  Dream&quot; and &quot;The Joshua Tree&quot;. just go buy it. NOW.
6304119046|5.0|I remember seeing this movie when I was 17 and thinking, &quot;What's so great about this?&quot; I saw it in my 20's and still thought it was a clunker. It wasn't until my mid 30's, when I gave it one more try, that I  found it had blossomed into an amazingly satisfying creation, and I now  make a point of seeing it every few years.<br />Like really good books, the  measure of a good movie is that the older you get, the more it means to  you.  So we should forgive youth for its whippersnapper ways. It's all as  it should be.
B00003003R|5.0|Guns &amp; Roses blew everything away in 1987!  Their power and raw guts still hold up today bar none!   Axl Rose was like a revved up Jim Morrison with flamered hair.  Hopefully we'll hear NEW songs someday soon (not  counting the END OF DAYS soundtrack).  Sadly it wouldn't be the classic  APPETITE lineup, but as long as Axl is &quot;on&quot;, a true rock fan  won't fret!  Put these discs on and transport yourself to Paradise City!
B00000DFTG|5.0|I'm a 41 year-old family man (with the wife and kids in a minivan) Sabbath's Reunion CD instantly takes me back as a twelve year old in 1970. I have waited long and hard for this, Ozzy's solo career was  &quot;average&quot; for me, Sabbath sans Ozzy was also &quot;average&quot;.  Each needs the other, FINALLY! I love the crowd noise, it reminds me of a  close Browns vs Steelers game late in the 4th quarter in Cleveland. Loud,  passion, intensity. &quot;Orchid/Lord of this World&quot;, &quot;Into the  Void&quot; simply wails, Tony Ioammi's guitar is brillant. &quot;Electric  Funeral&quot; off of 'Reunion' will stick in your head for days, you've  been warned! My only gripe is Ozzy's constant use of the F word, c'mon Ozz,  it's a little tired after the 20th plus time. All considered, this Sabbath  fan loves &quot;Reunion&quot;, the perfect companion CD when NOT driving  with the wife and kids! Black Sabbath: The original is STILL the best!
B000002AGB|5.0|This was The Who at their best.  It was 1970 and they were at the peak of their powers.  Despite the fact that this CD in sections sounds like the new Live at Leeds edition this is a must own.  I cannot think of a better  live rock album than this.  The DVD is also spectacular.  Young Man Blues  alone showed why The Who were the greatest live rock band ever.  I hope  soon they will eventually release on CD the bootleg recordings of the band  at the Fillmore East in 1968 and the Cow Palace in 1972.  This rates as the  all time greatest live album along with Jerry Lee Lewis' 1966 Birmingham,  Alabama CD.  Truly electric!
0385495315|5.0|Singh does a great job of keeping the reader involved in a storyline as well as presenting some fairly intense logic and math theories. If you're looking to get your head around the ideas of crypto, this book rocks.
6304602898|4.0|Truely a masterpiece.  It makes every human emotion surface while enjoying the storyline.  Little fuzzy creatures who turn into horrible green monsters when fed after midnight...what a concept.  Which leads me to  explain why I gave it 4 Stars instead of 5...If you can't feed them after  midnight, when IS it safe to feed them?
B000002534|5.0|Carlos Santana is, without question, one of the greates rock guitarists of all time. The Borboletta album displays Santana's highest level of creativity. From the first time I heard this album in 1974 it has been my  favorite Santana album and one of my favorite albums of all time. The  transitions are mind boggling. The album has the ability to make the  listener enjoy a wide range of emotions.
B000002JS8|5.0|Fantastic effort by the boys from down under.  This album has more balls than anything that's come out in the '90's to date.  Check out the title track, girls got rythym, and every other crazy tune on this album.  Bon  Scott ruled!
0792838084|5.0|Funny, dark, and disturbing, this film is actually an adult fable masquerading as an avant garde art-house film. The film's protagonist, played by Kyle MacLachlan, encounters not only the darkness lying beneath  the facade of his small town, but also within himself.<br />Beautifully shot  and choreographed, the film will astound and amaze. Although it's one of my  favorite films, it is by no means for everyone -- graphic scenes of  sexuality and violence abound.<br />Isabella Rosellini and Dennis Hopper are  wonderfully cast and Laura Dern plays her role to perfection. Blue Velvet  is probably one of the most unique films you'll ever see.
B000002KH3|5.0|Anyone who doesn't see this album for the classic that it is is a complete fool.  Every song jams, EVH is amazing, David Lee is screaming like a madman, and who cares about the other guys.  This album was an inspiration  to millions of rock wanna-be's and remains to this day one of the heaviest  party albums ever (along with BACK IN BLACK).
B000001Y16|5.0|Every 2pac fan should have this!  It's a dam collectors item!
0312853238|5.0|Quite possibly my favorite book of all time.  A must read.  Anyone who has felt alienated by being a little brighter than others will tolerate will definitely understand Ender.<br />Those of you with inadequate IQ's will just  give one star ratings like the other sub-normals, so don't bother.<br />I'm  Out.
B00002MZ12|5.0|I am a long time fan of Alanis, so I was inclined to pick up the Unplugged CD. Much to my surprise, it has become my favorite Alanis CD to date.<br />The arrangments are beautiful. Joining You caught my attention right  away.<br />This album captures something that none of her other albums have.  Alanis seems possessed by her songs,as is the case when one sees her live.  The emotion is so forthcoming, that one cannot help but get caught up in  the words and place themselves in each of the situations that Alanis sings  about. It's almost as if she wraps her voice around the listener and takes  them on a journey.<br />Alanis is a lyrical genious, able to tell a story or  convey an emotion with ease. I recommend this CD to everyone.
B000003TBP|5.0|I have all of these great musical memories. Like the first time I heard &quot;Rubber Soul&quot; or &quot;Pet Sounds&quot;. &quot;Odelay&quot; is another happy memory.<br />I heard the entire album on the radio while Beck  was there at the station. I think it was the day before the album came out.  But when I heard it, I finally felt like there was good music in my own  time. Most of my favorite music comes from the distant past. I am pretty  sure that people will be talking about Beck thirty or forty years from  now.<br />As I grew up, my Dad would have these great music nights. It got me  into the good stuff like The Beatles, Brian Wilson, etc. When I have kids  one day, I'll have nights full of loud music. And I'll get them hooked on  Beck.
078322799X|4.0|New Zealand film wunderkind Peter Jackson's first American film, &quot;The Frighteners,&quot; died a quick and ugly death in theaters shortly after its release, only to return and haunt the film libraries of a small and  loyal group of fans. Jackson, who made his name with a series of  spectacularly gory low-budget horror flicks, surprised the world with his  Oscar-nominated true-crime drama &quot;Heavenly Creatures&quot; (a must  see) and went on to make this more mainstream film with producer Robert  Zemeckis. Michael J. Fox, in a surprisingly good performance, is phony  ghostbuster Frank Bannister; a car accident left him able to talk with the  dead, and now he consorts with three amusing losers from the spirit world  to con the unsuspecting residents of the town of Fairwater. But soon Frank  has a problem on his hands: the spectral source of the town's recent rash  of mystery heart attacks has reared its ugly head. It's cloaked and  skeletal. It's got a switchblade scythe. And Frank is the only one who can  stop it. The ghostly killer is somehow related to a decades-old murder  spree and a frightened woman in a creepy old house-- and to Frank's own  dark past as well. Jackson's filmmaking has a giddy, eerie funhouse energy  to it, and the film veers from disturbing thrills to surreal sight gags and  one-liners with whiplash speed. Surprisingly, it all works, thanks to a  smart script, dazzling visuals and special effects, and several fine  performances. Most notable is Jeffrey Coombs' Special Agent Dammers, a  high-strung FBI agent who comes across as Jim Carrey playing Hitler.  If  you're looking for something conventional, you may leave this film  scratching your head. But if you enjoy slightly off-kilter entertainment,  you'll be glad you dug this one up. Poignant, creepy and very funny,  &quot;The Frighteners&quot; is a bundle of ghoulish fun.
B00002MZ2T|5.0|The songs in that album are just soooo beautiful. It is very different from the first one, but the quality is just as good. Songs like &quot; I knew I love you&quot; &quot; The best thing&quot; &quot; crash and  burn&quot;.. really touches me. Buy it!
0783110871|4.0|At first, Ryan Weaver looked and acted as if he were innocent of the crimes he had been accused of. Just don't make him mad! <br />If the part of Ryan Weaver had been played by anyone other than Ray Liotta, this movie  would have gone down in a big ball of flames. Ray Liotta was PERFECT for  this role. He can play &quot;charming&quot;. He can play  &quot;innocent&quot;. He can also play &quot;psychotic&quot;!<br />I loved it  when he said, &quot;Sure you could probably reach it, but could you use it?  Can you kill? I started with birds and squirrels, and moved up to cats and  girls.&quot; <br />The intensity in his eyes, the feeling in his voice, I  didn't know whether to be afraid or fall in love!
0553277472|3.0|This book seemed to ask a lot of questions yet give no real answers to them. Pirsig spends his time confused over a definition of 'quality' and yet he gives three within the main body of the book.<br />The narratives  between the philosophy, whilst relating, work more as light relief from the  heavy-duty philosophy we are dealing with. <br />Pirsig has some excellent  ideas on University and education, however, if your looking for  enlightenment. Don't expect much.<br />Otherwise excellent.
B00002R0MC|5.0|I remember when this first came in 92 but never managed to grab a copy at the time (shame on me) well what luck its been re released I have ordered myself a copy I didn't want to miss out this time around.  For Bob M the  greatest pioneer of reggae music.
B00000K3UR|4.0|I would like to buy this movie but i need to know if you could send it to Hermosillo, Sonora Mxico, this is the city where I live. I hope you can because I went to Nogales Az and I didnt find it in Wal-Mart. Also Could  you tell how I buy it, I have a credit card. Thanks
B00002Z88D|3.0|I saw this on Vh 1 a few weeks ago I thought the new stuff worked quite well with what they were doing and the old stuff well new twist of old faves I liked it a lot.  Can they do no wrong?
B000023VR6|3.0|Dr. Dre left the rap game a king, and comes back to claim his thrown...but he has a fight on his hands.  Dre returns with classic beats and fresh rhymes, but he seems a little lost.  No doubt though, dre is a master of  his profession, dominatin every track over bass-heavy beat.  This disc is a  must to every dre fan...but it leaves me to wonder if he was holdin somtin  back on this one.
0440178002|5.0|Having read at least one book a week for the last 20 years, I can safely say Shogun is by far and away my favorite.  I lean towards historical novels and Clavell delivers in spades.  I read this ten years ago and I  still remember all the characters.  You too will care about them as they  come to life page after page.  All of Clavell's novels are terrific, but  this one is the gem. I am still miffed that he left us.
B00001QGPS|4.0|I'll give this one 4 stars simply b/c of Method Man's brillance.  Redman is there, but u can hardly pick up his wack, makes-no-sense lyrics.  Meth is a rap god, his flow is so sick u hafta listen to everyday.  His rhymes  flow continously, webbing together great verses that leave you bobbin your  head.  The duo works great together, putting together a high-energy album  that will soon be a classic.
B0000029DD|5.0|I've had this cd for a while, but have only recently re-realized how amazingly beautiful it is.  Jeff's voice is so beautiful, so passionate, so wonderful.  His voice was as close to perfect as anyone's could be.  But on  to the music - I can't get enough of it.  Every song has so much flavor and  passion that I am amazed.  They are all completely full and lush, save for  the ones that are just Jeff and his guitar, which are perfectly desolate.   My personal favorites are Lover, You should've Come Over, which is about as  good as they get, and his version of Halleluiah, though every song is  great.<br />It is a complete shame that this wonderful man was taken from us  in such a terrible way.  It was a great loss for music fans everywhere, and  he is sorely missed.  The world would be a lot better place if there were  more artists like Mr. Buckley.
B000031XCR|5.0|I just bought All the Way...can't listen to it enough.  I have always been a fan, and I really like this album.  It's got all my favorites...and all the new songs are terrific.  She can sure belt out a tune, I love her  choice of music, very passionate.  The last three cuts are my favorites.  I  highly recommend it!
B00000DHR0|4.0|Dion's Christmas CD is about what I expected.  Some of the tunes are great.  Her rendition of &quot;O Holy Night&quot; is the best I have ever heard.  I can't believe how long and strong she holds the high note on the  last refrain.  Some of the tunes are a bit weak and seem to be an effort to  make this CD a little different from the norm, just for the sake of being  different.  All in all, I find it to be a good solid album that will be  played in my house for many years.
B000002UR7|3.0|'Pablo Honey' is a solid step in the right direction for Radiohead. Lacking the sepulchural depth of later albums 'The Bends' and 'Ok Computer,' 'Pablo Honey' manages to sound both angry and fresh at the same  time - a swell accomplishment. Guitarist Johnny Greenwood's riffs are clean  and catchy; frontman Thom Yorke's vocals are a big cut above the standard  post-grunge punk fare.<br />To be perfectly honest, 'Pablo Honey's greatest  sin is failing to adequately warn us as to how magnificent the band's two  follow-up albums would be. You won't find anything here which comes close  to suggesting &quot;fake plastic trees,&quot; &quot;street spirit,&quot;  &quot;paranoid android&quot; or &quot;lucky.&quot; Yorke's writing on  'Pablo Honey' is emotional and real, but he doesn't dig nearly as deep or  express as half as much wit as he does throughout 'Ok Computer.' The pieces  are all there - just in smaller incriments.<br />Taking the album in context  with the band's later work and comparing it to releases by other bands are  completely different matters, though. 'Pablo Honey' is full of infectious  elements and effective turns... frustrated longing, as in &quot;thinking  about you&quot; and &quot;i can't&quot;; the rousing lyricism of  &quot;anyone can play guitar&quot;; the smoldering build-up of &quot;blow  out.&quot; Even the album's infamous slacker anthem, &quot;creep,&quot;  loathed by fans and hailed by karaoke patrons, offers sincerity.<br />Whether  bought for its simple charm or as a prelude to later masterpieces, 'Pablo  Honey' is a good listen.
B00003003R|5.0|Yes, it's bloody good!   I just got it, and it rocks!  Man, it hurts to remember how bad this bad kicked on everyone else.  These 2 cd's are packed full of classics.  I was saddened that the north american versions don't  include Coma...Don't Damn Me, or Breakdown.  But in reality this live album  has almost all of there huge hits (which in 6 short years is an amazing  amount of hits!).  All in all I recommend this to any hard rock fans that  are searching for REAL rock with agression and smart lyrics
0345363132|5.0|This was the first of the 2 SKP books I've read so far, and the one that got me hooked.  I love historical fiction, but I've never before seen any period brought to life as in this book (or When Christ and his Saints  Slept).  The detail that SKP brings to her work is astouding, and leaves  the reader hungry for more.  In Sunne in Splendour she vindicates the much  maligned Richard III, showing to us historically, as well as entertainingly  the true man, not the one the Tudor's conjured up, and the one immortalized  by Shakespeare.  Richard was a caring, loving, and generous man whose only  faults were he trusted too easily, and hoped his problems would go away.
B000002KCC|5.0|This album did not, as John Gilman erroneously states, come hot on the heels of Harvest.  In between the two came two of NYs great three recordings (this being his third), Time Fades Away, and the extraordinary  On The Beach; neither of which have ever been released on cd.  It is a  shame that those of the listening public who are without a turntable and a  good 2nd hand lp source are unable to appreciate the full triumvirate.   This is a great record with some very stark singing and emotional playing.   In turns it is mournful, rocking,  elegaic, and brooding.  A desert island  disc.
0393312836|5.0|I loved it. It's strange and often times grotesque but so fascinating it's difficult to put down...even when you're done. The movie makes soooooo much more sense after reading as well, so there is incentive to read it. I would  also like to make a comment on the newly added last chapter...I hate it!   Everyone says without it the book it &quot;bastardized&quot;. Well, I like  the bastardized version...so there ::sticks out her tongue:: Chilidish  arguements aside, it's a wonderful book and definitely a classic if I've  ever read one.
B000002G7G|5.0|So songs must be played by masters of their instruments, sung with pure, clean voices,and accompanied by tuned guitars and sunny lyrics?  Okay.  Whatever.  Sure, the Velvets' experimentation didn't always work (The  Murder Mystery is the one blemish on this album), but, this idea that music  MUST be played THIS way is upsetting.  How many of our great classical  composers were looked down upon for being &quot;rebels&quot; in their time?   Shall we now call people like Stravinsky talentless hacks?<br />I'm not  trying to compare The Velvet Underground to Stravinsky.  But in terms of  rock and pop, the Velvets ARE that important.  They are as large an  influence on modern music as the Beatles.  I really see no reason to not  recommend this album.  Their first album is edgier, more experimental (but  not bad by any means), but this album features music with melodies as  beautiful as they come.  Lou Reed's lyrics are surprisingly tender at times  (for someone who wrote a song called &quot;Heroin&quot;), and his singing  always fits the mood of the song.  You can argue the quality of the album  (although I wouldn't recommend it), but the influence is undeniable.  This  may sound pompous, but, hey, it's all true.
B00003003R|4.0|I bought this CD expecting to hear some of the versions of the songs I remembered in concert.  Unfortunately, the free styled guitar solos, extra verses and improv antics are missing. Sweet Child O' Mine does not include  the extra verses on this double disc, and the version of Knockin' on  Heaven's Door was not taken from the Club Ritz.  The people who put the  album together got it right on some of the tracks--like including the extra  long intro to November Rain, however I feel it a necessity to include all  of what made GNR an excellent live band if they are to truly capture the  &quot;Live Era&quot; that was Guns N' Roses.  This is a good CD to add to  the GNR collection, but its no loss if you do not go out and purchase it.   I suggest holding out for &quot;Chinese Democracy&quot; in the new year, or  if you are craving some live music now, pick up Metallica's S&amp;M, that  truly is what live music should be about: noise, dynamics, musicianship,  and emotion.
0671578278|4.0|I've always enjoyed Bujold's book, though I've usually been disappointed when they've won awards. Her early books were fun, but they really didn't seem like Hugo-quality books. The early Miles stories were enjoyable  &quot;emperor-of-everything&quot; stories, fine classic SF, but little  more. However, over the last few years, here books have gotten better.  Miles has become a deeper, more interesting, more real character. Bujold  has become a better writer. Her books are better, but still retain the  energy and fun of her early novels.<br />A Civil Campaign, the latest Miles  novel, is one of the best Regencies I've seen in a while. The story is  entertaining, the characters interesting. It's highly recommended.<br />1999  has been a great year for SF, and A Civil Campaign ranks among the year's  best.
6305609691|5.0|Apocalypse Now is one of the great films of American cinema.  Most people have only seen it on television or on well-worn videocassettes, more often than not the 35mm print.  This DVD features the full 70mm film, with an  absolutely first rate transfer.  The picture is simply gorgeous and the  remastered 5.1 Dolby Digital sound makes the battles more realistic and the  jungle more eerie.  The extras provided - excerpts from the theatrical  program as well as footage of the Kurtz compound destruction (with  commentary from Coppola) - add a richness to the film.  While I would have  liked to have seen the documentary Hearts of Darkness burned onto this disc  as well, I cannot say that I am truly disappointed because a) the film is  superb and b) it is getting a first-class treatment on DVD.  Get this on  DVD; you will not be disappointed.
0790729652|4.0|When the monkey that wrote Batman handed the screenplay in to Tim Burton he must have been grinning from ear to ear.  Tim Burton has a nack for making good movies out of bad scripts.  Many have noted that Nicholson's  Joker is center stage more than Keaton's Batman and this is a problem for a  movie called Batman.  The good thing is, Nicholson's Joker is so good it  should be center stage.  Anyone who has read a comic book knows that the  Joker IS over the top.  He played the part perfectly.  He is the only  character in the movie who is played perfectly.  As a matter of fact every  Batman movie after this one got such considerably worse because every actor  was trying to immitate Nicholson playing the joker and not their part.  Jim  Carrey and Tommy lee Jones were such bad knock offs of nicholson that they  should pay him half their salaries.  Keaton played a bad part well.  His  character was absurdly far away from the comic book and his fifteen minutes  of time as Batman was spent poorly.  HOW IN THE HELL DID THE BATJET  MISS THE JOKER SO MANY TIMES.
B00002Z88D|4.0|I love Metallica, and this album doesn't disappoint.  It has many good songs, such as &quot;Nothing Else Matters&quot;, &quot;The Memory Remains&quot;, and &quot;Enter Sandman&quot;.  I was disappointed that they  didn't include &quot;Fuel&quot;, but it can't be perfect.
0790731002|2.0|This is the start of the ruination of the Batman series.  Joel's Batman was more concerned with nipples on the batsuit and driving up buildings than actually producing anything near an enjoyable movie.  Jim Carey and  Tommy Lee Jones are so pitiful as villians that there performances make me  physically ill.  Damn this movie to hell.  If you can believe it, Batman 4  was even worse than this.
B000023VR6|5.0|I THOUGHT THAT IT WAS VERY TALENTED AND UNIQUE.  DR.DRE HAS ALWAYS BEEN ONE OF MY FAVORITE RAPPERS.  I HAVE ALWAYS LIKED HIS MUSIC AND THIS NEW RECORD  IS EXCELLENT.
B00003A9QL|1.0|Being both a classical music and Metallica fan, I was very excited about this CD's potential.  Unfortunately I was completely disappointed:  Metallica chose the wrong man for this job.<br />I'm sure that Mr. Kamen meant  well, but one has to wonder if he got his musical education from a Music  Theory for Dummies book.  The colors and textures of his accompaniment  sound wrong for the subject matter and are generally forced and  contrived...almost as if he were trying to fit as much into the background  as possible.<br />In Mr. Kamen's own words (from the liner notes), Metallica's  &quot;songs ... were already complete!&quot;  He should have left them that  way.<br />The really sad part about the whole thing is this would be an  awesome live CD set if it weren't for the orchestral accompaniment.
B00000ILDE|5.0|There are, in my opinion, only two movie sequels that were better than the first. T2 Judgement Day, and Aliens. I have to agree with another reviewer that the added footage in this movie does not help the story at all.<br />I  remember seeing this movie for the first time in theaters. Damn!  I left,  feeling as though I had been on a roller coaster for 2 hours.<br />The picture  and sound quality on this DVD are fantastic. As I said earlier, the extra  footage, from a purests point of view, does not help the story at all.  Still, this moive is the one to beat!
B00002Z88D|5.0|This is one awesome CD. True, a few of the older songs that people are used to hearing with a young Hetfield voice sound a little odd, but on a whole, this CD is awesome. The SF Symphony adds the best touch to  Metallica.  It could not have been produced any better. I recommend anyone  that loves the Metallica classics to purchase one of these CD's ASAP.
B00000I8BX|5.0|This is a great album. upon first impression, you may not like it though. You'll probably say &quot;gee, that Burton guy can sing good, so how come he screams so much?&quot; That's what I said, and what a lot of people seem  to say. Well, listen to it some more. It will really start to grow on you,  and pretty soon you'll find yourself loving it. Burton sings very well, and  more than you think on first listen. All the songs are good, even ones  where he screams the whole time such as Edgecrusher. You'll probably learn  to appreciate the screaming vocal style as well. Also, the extra tracks  aren't that great, but Cars is fun, even if it adds nothing really new to  the original.
0790740443|5.0|This movie works on several levels. First there is the obvious--and if you can not see any deeper than this, you will not enjoy the movie--:The obvious is the action-oriented story and cinematography. Good in its own  right, but not great. What makes this movie great is the almost invisible  underlayered theme. The little boy at the beginning of the movie is still  very much present in Kurt Russell's character as he grows and becomes a  man. And even at the end, look into Russell's eyes, and the child within is  still there. To me, this movie is really about how bad things affect people  from the time they are children. And the main thrust of the movie seems to  be that we are all still children, no matter how old we are.
1570422052|2.0|I read this book for a school book report and i found that it was completely different from the other versions of the Arthurian legneds. I saw the book to be too flodded with feministic views. The reason I say this  is becasue Bradely i felt was trying to make the women seem important in  this. I just dont like how she changed the story.  Im not saying that women  aren't important or anything like that, im just saying you dont change a  legend like this to make women seem more important.
B00000K19E|5.0|This is a must have for any home collection. Great movie can't wait on the sequel.
0060977493|3.0|I have nothing but respect for this author. Her use of language is poetic, fresh, vivid, extraordinary, but I found it hard to enjoy this novel because of its array of generally disturbed characters. Two things save  this book. The author's style, and her ability to look at life through a  childs eyes.
0671027344|5.0|I've noticed several reviews on here draw parallels between &quot;Catcher in the Rye&quot; and &quot;Perks.&quot;  Some call it a &quot;rip-off&quot; of &quot;Catcher.&quot;<br />Is this fair?  No.<br />I'm sorry, but &quot;Catcher  in the Rye&quot; didn't corner the market on coming-of-age stories.  Far  from it.  The most accurate connection that &quot;Perks&quot; has to  &quot;Catcher&quot; is brilliance.  Both are heartfelt, touching,  insightful stories taken from a young boy's point of view as events  transpire that shape his life.<br />There were moments where I saw myself in  the character of Charlie, as I related to this character more than almost  any other I've read about.  And when I couldn't relate to Charlie, I wanted  to.  <br />If you read this book and remain unmoved, you're clearly missing  something.
B00001U0DP|5.0|I love this film for what it is.  It's a simple story of a father trying to protect his son, like every father does.  But not everyone is in a concentration camp, and have to deal with the worst acts that have ever  been inflicted on humans in our whole history as a species.  The first part  of the film is a delightful love story that has so much charm and humor.   It instantly makes you love Roberto Benigni.  He has a chaplin like phsical  humor, but he also has the charm that most comedians fall short of.  The  second part is some of the best cinematography and writing that any film  has ever had.  The charming father has to use his wits to fool his son into  believing that the concentration camp is a resort.  And he makes it into a  game but in reality he is protecting his son from the horrors of the camp,  and he keeps them alive.  It is a story of hope in the human spirit, and  show how important and precious innocence can be to a young boy and how he  keeps the youthful spirit of his son through out the whole ordeal.  I watch  this movie over and over again.  It never fails to move me and I recommend  anyone who loves films that effects and touches the viewer.  The DVD is  also better, because it has really nice features.  This film delievers on  it's promise, it shows that {la vita e bella) Life is beautiful!
6304602979|5.0|True Romance is best summed up in one word. Awesome! This flick has action,suspense and of course romance, not to mention great acting by everyone. A ton of big starts are in this flick too, Brad Pitt, Samuel  Jackson, Christian Slater, etc. Brad Pitt plays a halarious stoner.If  you're a Pitt fan or just someone looking for action and some good laughs  ckeck out True Romance.
6303122647|5.0|I want to meet Burton and Elfman before they or I croak.  Twisted souls and genius flows.  They've got to do some more stuff together involving animation.
B00000K2SC|5.0|One of the coolest DVDs I have ever seen!  The special efects blew me away.  With surround sound is very capturing.  Don't get it if you are scared of a lot of stuff. If taken seriously can REALY freak out a person.   There is a little bit of violence bunch not a lot of blood shed.  Lots of  bullets though.<br />VERY COOL!    HIGHLY RECAMENDED!
B00003003R|5.0|Guns N Roses defined what 80's bands want to be like.  Thier songs rocked a generation whose alternitive was unthinkable.  Since then, alot has happened to this band, and the only member left is Axl.  Listening to GNR's  new song &quot;Oh My God' from the End of Days Soundtrack, It's no wonder  why the band is releasing this album.  Appetite for Destruction will go  down as one of the top 5 albums of this Century, but how long can you ride  that.  If GNR were to get back in form with the orignial cast, and made an  Appetite 2, then I could say I was happy this album is being released.  I  have so many GNR cd's that are live, this one I won't be buying.  Try Again  Axl!
0679777547|3.0|Arturo Perez-Reverte is an exceptional writer. His writing is witty and intelligent, and reflects the author's extensive knowledge of classic books and their characters. In fact, the reason I read the book was that I am a  big fan of The Three Musketeers. But the book is not as suspenseful as I  would have liked, and the characters are not very engaging. This is  especially true for the girl, whose identity and motives are more than a  bit vague. Moreover, the author goes too much into the subject of devil  worship, which I found to be quite unpleasant. Halfway through the book I  started to loose interest, and it became increasingly challenging to keep  on reading. The last twenty pages were especially tiresome; when the twist  was finally revealed on the last page, I was too bored to care about  anything and as a result I was not very impressed.
B00002MZ12|5.0|This is a great album for a true Alanis fan, but probably not for less serious fans.  I was disappointed in You Learn, because it sounds like she forget some of the words in it.  The best song on the album is Uninvited.   It gives me chills to listen to it.  Not a smashing success, but definitely  worth the money.
0767814622|3.0|I had heard such praise about this film from critics so I went ahead and bought it second hand. Great acting,good story,good sound,good cinematography, and great music, but...... The first half hour of the film  is great movie making. When he tries to smuggle the hashish,gets  caught,thrown in prison. As I kept watching I couldn't keep thinking of all  the rascism directed towards Turkish people. There's not even one nice  Turkish person in the film.In the end I found the film biased, racist, and  not even engrossing because honestly,I did not feel sorry for the main  character.I heard that half of the factuality in the film was exaggerated  and twisted for dramatic effect. I returned the film the next day.  Definately one of the most controversial films of all time.
B00003003R|5.0|When you point at the Sex Pristols` Never Mind The Bollocks as a benchmark for the seventies, you`ll be hard fought picking between The Clashs London Calling and Guns N`Roses Appetite For Destruction in the eighties. <br />Guns  N` Roses had it all. They were genuine. Yet, most importantly, they also  had the songs that will exist long after that they are gone. <br />And the  amazing thing was that in concert - live - they were even better. Above  average musically, they were always LIVE - no tapes. From Slash`s bluesy  work to Duff`s thumping onstage - it was great - but we must not forget Axl  Rose. The singer. The songwriter. The enigma. The man. The child. The  mellow vocal. The high pinched wail. The heart and the antics and the  riots. The bicycle shorts. Rose was there and he went all out.<br />Can a CD  capture it? <br />Yes and no. They are (nearly) all here - the great songs and  the classic, hardly a filler here - from rags (Appetite) to richez  (Illusion) and an awesome pianoed Sabbath tribute by Axl. <br />The sound is  sonically cleaned - a little added here and there. Why? Because if not  it`ll sound like one of the hundreds of bootlegs out there. Does it take  away from the songs? Nah. It makes for a good cross-over between studio and  live, and the package that is Live Era is a must for any rock nostalgic out  there. You won`t feel like you`re there (get a bootleg for that!), but  you`ll feel the rush when you hear any of these songs.<br />/Peace  - Peter
6300214753|5.0|This movie is my all time fav! It is the best 80's....and 90's movie EVER
6304083769|5.0|I don't think I have anything new to say about this film.  Animation is fantastic, music score is haunting and beautiful, storyline is involving and the direction was superb.  One of the most tense climax's ever (think  James Cameron meets Blade Runner).  The only fault of the film is the  english dubbing (they most of been about to go to bed or something) but I  can forgive them for that.  See this film!
B00003003R|5.0|This live set sums up everything Gn'R was all about. One of the most human bands in recent memory, these guys could deliver indescribable thrills and gut-wrenching disappointments -- within one song. 'November Rain,' for  example. Naturally, this set is uneven, but just like everything Gn'R did,  the high-points make up for the low-points in spades. Again, see 'November  Rain.'  Overall, the band's excessive approach to their music was  refreshing. If they were going to do it, they were going to do it to the  hilt. Unfortunately, that attitude spilled over into their personal lives,  and the whole gig fell apart. Maybe it was destined to from the beginning.
6303481272|5.0|The animation is fantastic and the fight scenes are extraordinary.  Music score captures the atmosphere perfectally and the film is not easyily forgotten.  I recommend this for action movie lovers and anime fans alike.   Not for kids though (although when I bought my copy there was a PG rating  on it).
B00002MZ4W|5.0|Know what I hate? When you're trying to figure out your favorite song from a CD, and it's virtually impossible. Every time I listen to the  extraordinary &quot;When the Pawn...,&quot; my 'favorite' is a different  tune. At one point, it's the beautiful misery of &quot;A Mistake.&quot;  (Does anyone moan better than Fiona?) Then it's the playful stuttering of  &quot;Fast As You Can,&quot; which should have been a bigger hit. Then it's  &quot;The Way Things Are,&quot; which includes what are probably some of  Fiona's strongest lyrics ever. Or is it &quot;I Know,&quot; a soothing  heartbreaker that makes me wish for a smoky nightclub and a long-lost  lover?<br />This is the quandary I'm in. &quot;When the Pawn...&quot; is so  great I can't choose. &quot;Tidal&quot; is an excellent starting point for  any self-respecting fan of brooding, dark and introspective mood music, but  &quot;When the Pawn...&quot; is for the seriously daring. Fiona Apple is a  consistent attention-grabber, only this time it's the beauty of her music  that suprised me most. You will not regret buying this CD.
6305079900|5.0|Is The Terminator the greatest story of modern sci-fi?  One sure is hard-pressed to dispute such a mark.  The excellence of the film really can't be quantified.<br />The Terminator is a cybernetic organism - a machine  fitted within a living body.  It was created by a race of machines bent on  the extermination of the remains of humanity in the Earth of a  post-apocalyptic future.  This Cylon-flavored empire has also discovered  the means of time travel, and a cyborg assassin - Arnold Schwarzenegger's  titular terminator - is sent back to 1984 Los Angeles.<br />But following him  is a human soldier, Kyle Reece (Michael Biehn).  The purpose of both Kyle  and the cyborg centurion is to find Sarah Connor (Linda Hamilton).  The  Terminator's program is to kill Sarah, while Kyle's mission is to keep her  alive and explain why she is being stalked.  This involves several exciting  set-pieces, such as a shoot-out in a disco, several car chases, and a  massacre by The Terminator (after uttering the immortal &quot;I'll be  back&quot; tagline) at LAPD HQ.  Because he is a machine, The Terminator is  impervious to almost all of the weaponry available in this time  period.<br />Amid the chaos, Sarah, after initially resisting Kyle, grows  closer to him, and eventually both realize that his mission to protect her  involves far more than either of them could have ever anticipated.  The  story gives the term Immaculate Conception an ironic and tender new  meaning.<br />The film's budget did not allow the kind of ultra-elaborate SFX  of the 1991 sequel, but the effects work as it is does the job quite  nicely, notably in Kyle's flashback where he and a squad blow up a walker  machine and are then attacked by an aerial raider - shades of The Empire  Strikes Back and Battlestar Galactica nicely rolled in one.<br />There is  chilling humor as well, from The Terminator's accosting of a trio of  degenerates to the afforementioned &quot;I'll be back&quot; tagline to his  curt dismissal of a janitor at a low-rent hotel.  Director James Cameron  has Schwarzenegger speak in the monotone of a Cylon, albiet without the  synthesized harshness, and it pays off perfectly.<br />This film was the  breakthrough for Schwarzenegger, Hamilton, and director Cameron, and  remains a breakthrough in sci-fi storytelling.
0792156684|1.0|This movie is definately the Titanic off all movies.  It belongs on the bottom of the ocean.  Never in my life has a movie been so extremely boring.  After the first tape I had to give up.  I could not torture myself  anymore.
B00000K31V|4.0|Not really. You need to have great patience to watch this film, but it pays off in the end. An intricately textured film with a great ending. Enjoy
B00003003R|5.0|This album is the perfect exclamation point on a musical career that was fast, hard, and quite prolific.  With the release of THE LIVE ERA, Gun's N Roses effectively portrayed their hard hitting, raw sound.  The songs are  great, as usual, and the album rules.  BUY IT NOW!
B000023VR6|4.0|SO THE MAN WHO BROUGHT THE GREATEST GANGSTA RAP  ALBUM OF ALL TIME, (WITH PERHAPS THE EXCEPTION OF STRAIGHT OUTTA COMPTON)RETURNS WITH WHAT SURELY CANNOT LIVE UP TO THE INCREDIBLE EXPECTATIONS OF ARGUABLY THE MOST  CONSISTENT GENIUS IN HIP HOP PRODUCTION.           <br />        WELL   &quot;CHRONIC 2001&quot; DOES AND IT DOESN'T. WHILE THE PRODUCTION IS  GENERALLY OF A HIGH STANDARD, WE STILL DO NOT AVOID THE HIP HOP ALBUM'S  ACHILLES' HEEL OF ONE OR TWO FILLERS.&quot;XXPLOSIVE&quot; FOR ONE, IS A  GARGANTUAN SLOTH  OF A TRACK WITH DRE'S PROTEGE HITTMAN SPEWING LACKLUSTRE  MISOGYNY OVER AN EQUALLY UNSPECTACULAR SLEEPY BASSLINE.        <br />               TO FOCUS ON SUCH MOMENTS WOULD BE AN INJUSTICE HOWEVER, AND THE VAST  MAJORITY OF THE CHRONIC IS SEMINAL WEST COAST VENOM, WITH ENOUGH VERVE TO  STISFY EVEN THE MOST DISCERNING BEAT CONNOISSEUR. TRACKS SUCH AS THE LEAD  SINGLE &quot;STILL DRE&quot; ARE ADRENALINE PUMPING MONSTERS, WITH DRE'S  AUTHORITATIVE MENACE CHILLING THE LISTENER IN THE MANNER WHICH HAS ALWAYS  MADE HIM AS APPEALING AS HE IS, IN THE WAY THAT MOBB DEEP ARE SO ADDICTIVE.        <br />                  OVERALL THEN, A TRIUMPH FOR THE GOOD DOCTOR, YET  ONE CAN'T HELP FEELING THAT FOR SOMEONE WHO DECLARED GANGSTA RAP DEAD A  WHILE BACK IS VEERING DANGEROUSLY CLOSE TO THAT GENRE WITH THIS EFFORT.
0805047905|5.0|Our one-year old son LOVES this book.  It is part of his bedtime routine every night.  This is the first book he showed interest in and he still loves it.  We recieved it as a shower gift -- what a great present!
B000002MUW|5.0|to 'Forbidden Love' and I melted. That song is by far the sexiest aural creation of Madonna's career. Make no mistake- I like all the other songs on the album as well, esp. 'I'd Rather Be Your Lover,' 'Bedtime Story' and  'Sanctuary.' But I would've gladly paid fifty dollars for this CD had I  only heard 'Forbidden Love' beforehand. That song speaks to anyone who has  ever experienced thwarted desire. So beautiful and so sad. I recommend this  album to anyone who has suffered for love.
B00002MZ2T|5.0|&quot;I believe&quot; this is a great CD. I bought it a week ago, and I love every song. I never thought I would like every song but indeed, Savage Garden, did an incredible job. I hope they can continue to make music like  they do, no matter what anyone says
B00003003R|5.0|Wow, I knew this would be a great finale to one of  the best bands ever, but I never expected it to rock as much as it does! Guns N' Roses were one of the best bands to grace the world with their presence. The Appetite  material is as raw as it was on the original album and Axl captures every  note to perfection. As far, as the Illusion songs go, they're amazing as  well. The horns only serve to enhance the material and show that GnR can  play along side of anything, and if GnR needs horns like Slash needs  another drink, then serve him up! Go out and buy this album today and let  your ears enjoy the greatest rock n' roll band ever!
630562285X|3.0|As a fan of Sean Connery, I was rather disappointed in this movie, although it did have its moments. It started out okay, but I thought the first half of the film seemed rushed, though not so much that you couldn't  keep up with it.  SC's Scottish castle filled with his stolen art was a  nice touch.  It moved into Mission Impossible mode which was pretty cool,  but then it turned into a Die Hard wannabe where it lost all dignity.  There was a lot of high tech coolness to it and enough twists and turns to  make your head spin.  It had a couple of chances to reedeem itself but it  let them pass by.  Top it off with a sappy ending and, well, you know.  Still worth seeing once or twice, though.
068815333X|5.0|Dennis Lehane's mind is a wonderful instrument.  His Kenzie/Gennaro series is so original that for the time being, I have forsaken the reading of any other fiction, choosing instead to keep returning to A Drink Before the  War, etc. just because I can't believe how beautifully Lehane uses language  to pull us in and make us care.  Oh my god, but I love this series of  books!
B000002BQK|5.0|Butterfly makes Rainbow look like a spattering of a butterfly on a car's windsheild.  Okay, that didn't make sense!  The point is &quot;Butterfly&quot; is jammin' all the way through.  I enjoy every track  on this album.  It transcends you in a mystical, romantic way.  You  definately feel the vibe on this one.  My favourite trax have got to be  &quot;Fourth O' July&quot;, &quot;My &quot;All&quot;, &quot;The Roof&quot;,  actually all of them are the bomb.  Even the Butterfly interludes are laced  with deep thumping house beats that get your soul stirring.  Also check out  some of the dance remixes that were released with this album.  The dance  mix of &quot;My All&quot; is hoppin'.  This album has alot of feeling and  warmth to it.  Try and top that, &quot;Rainbow&quot;!
B000002TYK|4.0|I really liked this album by the Foo Fighters. Dave Grohl did a great job recording everything for this cd. It shows how much talent he really has. Dave recorded all of the vocals, bass, guitars, and drums. I have every Foo  Fighters cd and this is not their best but if you like their work or you  liked Nirvana (Dave Grohl's ex band) then definitly get this album. It may  not be as good as &quot;The Colour and The Shape&quot; or &quot;There is  Nothing Left to Lose&quot; but it is still a wonderful cd. The best songs  are This is a Call, I'll Stick Around,Big Me, and Good Grief.
B00000K19E|5.0|I thought this movie is a visual feast I'll never forget. The action, the plot, and the dream-like quality really blew me away. The visual effects were excellent, and the imagination also ran free about living in a world  that is not what you thought.
0790736241|5.0|I loved this movie...this movie has inspired me to become an astronaut...I'm no longer afraid to have my own thoughts and beliefs no matter how much people say that I'm totally crazy...
6304466498|5.0|Over the years my 18 year old son and I have worn out our VHS of this classic. A loose parody of Star Wars gives Mel Brooks a famework for a string of brilliant one-liners. Its still our antidote for seriousness,  hassle and life. Probably the most watchable comedy around - please MGM put  it on DVD so we can throw out the tape!
B00002Z88D|4.0|This album was very well done, sort of, There were a lot of songs that really lent themselves to be orchrestrated, but there a few parts that  should have been left alone, mainly the last part of One. Otherwise, don't  borrow this from a friend. Buy it yourself or steal his or her copy.
0060977493|5.0|Although the main story is based on the two-egg twins Rahel&amp;Estha and their mother Ammu, there are hundreds of wonderful stories and they unexpectedly arrive on almost every page. Sometimes you can find a stunning  story which is simply told in two sentences. This gives me the feeling that  ROY has the capacity to write many other novels. <br />Reading &quot;The God  of Small Things&quot; has given me the sour taste of &quot;Hundred Years of  Solitude&quot;. Like many of the South American writers, Roy seems to have  a different way of perception and such a tasteful narration.
0800196341|5.0|Being a Shakespeare lover, I looked forward to Branagh's edition of Hamlet. I have studied Hamlet  (since it just happens to be my favorite play) and out of the few editions I have seen, this one tops them all. The  cast is outstanding- Branagh gets some really talented performers (Kate  Winslet, Billy Crystal, etc.). The movie set is breathtaking and the script  is directly out of Shakespeare. During the course of watching it, I  literally took out my copy of Hamlet and followed word for word along with  the movie. Branagh's Hamlet is extraordinary- a beautiful masterpiece!
B000002HGD|4.0|OK, so the stuff printed on the CD jacket is pretentious &amp; irritating--what's important is the music...&amp; from whatever inspired Moby, the results are impressive.  Although not nearly as catchy or complex  as the grooves on 'Play,' 'Everything Is Wrong' dives into both joyous  up-tempo &amp; slowly etched electronica. If you're suffering from  pre-millennial angst, this is a good choice.
B000001DVD|5.0|I am a long time fan of Leppard and this is one of my very favorite albums that they have put out!  I recommend any Lep fan get this CD if they don't have it!
B000002H97|5.0|This is probably Metallica's best album ever. It is not all metal like the first four albums. I think I might have enjoyed this album a little more because it has many different sounds packed into one. Any Metallica fan  should definitly get this album. Some people say that Metallica changed to  much between ...And Justice For All and this album. I can see why a lot of  die hard metal fans did not like this album. The songs are shorter, it is  not as heavy as the other Metallica albums, and there are more songs but  shorter songs. This album is semi-heavy but if you are looking for a sound  just like their other, earlier albums this might not be for you. Metallica  is my favorite band. I have all their albums and heard all of their songs  so I have a strong opinion. The best songs on this album are Enter Sandman,  The Unforgiven, Wherever I May Roam,Of Wolf and Man, and Nothing Else  Matters. I loved this album but you may not. So get it if you liked their  earlier stuff AND their newer stuff because it is like a combo of both.
B000003TAR|4.0|a fantastic cd, and i highly recommend it to anyone that likes good guitar riffs, haunting lyrics, and blistering vocals.  at points it veers into mindless noise, but it fits perfectly.  2 thumbs way way up!
B000002HRE|5.0|I liked this cd just as much as Load. It was good and it seemed that Metallica was experimenting with this album just like Load. I will not write that long of a review because i will probably end up saying the same  things that i said for Load. i am also very tired. The good songs on this  album are Fuel, The Memory Remains, The Unforgiven 2, Devil's Dance, and  Prince Charming. Get it if you are a fan.
0385484518|5.0|a wonderful true story easy to read and enjoy with lots to learn, NOT UNLIKE Signals another wonderful true story by an AIDS patient you will love Signals just book search the writer Joel Rothschild and check out the  excerpts
B00000FCBC|5.0|Garage Inc. is the best cover album ever without a doubt. It is also a lot harder than Load or Re Load. So you should like it if you liked Metallica's older stuff. It is a very long double cd. The only song I really do not  like is So What becuse of all of the swaring and the bad lyrics. Other than  that it is excellent. The cover choices are great. I liked the first disc  better than the second because it seemed clearer, like they put more time  into it than the second disc. I loved almost every song on this album, it  is great. The best couple of songs on the first disc are Whisky in The Jar,  and Die Die My Darling. On the second Am I evil?, and Stone Cold Crazy. a  must buy for any fan!
B00002MZ2C|4.0|Let me tell you this, I am a hardcore Rage against the machine fan, I mean I was totally obsessed with them. Naturally I have their two previous albums, and the Battle of Los Angeles does not quite compare with their  last two efforts. Their first LP is the best out of all their albums. The  album's first four track got me excited, but the album seems to fade away  from the spectrum after track 4. I really like how Zack raps more on this  album. The lyrics on this record seem to be better than the last two  records. However, on the instrumental side, it is a big let down. Morello  is a guitar god, but his riffs on BOLA don't make me wanna to set fires to  your city. Some of the music is cheesy like Born as Ghosts, in the  beginning Zack's voice is altered and it is very LAME. Overall I don't feel  rage's classic energy on this one like how I feel the energy on the other  records. Stand out tracks on this records are Guerilla Radio, Mic-Check,  Calm like a Bomb, and War within a Breath. If you never bought a rage  record and you are considering to buy one, get their self-titled one,  because that is truly their best work.
B000002UAC|5.0|IT'S GREAT,IT'S FUN,AND IT ROCKS.!  ENGLANDS VERSION OF MEET THE BEATLES,THIS ALBUM IS A MONUMENT,THEN AND NOW.STARTING WITH IT WONT BE LONG,THROUGH ALL MY LOVING,ROLL OVER BEETHOVEN,PLEASE MR POSTMAN,TILL THERE  WAS YOU,AND ON TO MONEY,A GREAT CLOSER.I ONLY WISH TWO GOOD ONES FROM THIS  ERA WHERE INCLUDED-I'LL BE ON MY WAY,AND BAD TO ME WHICH THEY GAVE TO OTHER  ARTISTS TO RECORD.INDESPENSIBLE THEN,INDESPENSIBLE NOW AND FOREVER.!
B000007T1M|5.0|this cd is by far one of the greatest i've heard in a long, long time. your critics are corrupt in saying &quot;that feeling [of wanting to die] passed after the last track&quot; and that all listeners &quot;collect  their bodily fluids in a jar&quot;. who are you to steriotype us like that?  SOAD is speaking out about what they believe in...they're breaking away  from all the teeny-bopping stuff we see everywhere today. it's a musical  revolution! it's powerful! and most importantly (something you NEVER see  today) it's MEANINGFUL! the only other band i've seen that's as powerful as  these guys is KoRn...i'll bet your &quot;expert&quot; critics hate them  too, right?
B000002UA9|5.0|YES,YOU CAN CHECK THE STATS,THIS WAS THE NO 1 ALBUM FOR 30 WEEKS IN BRITAIN (TILL &quot;WITH THE BEATLES&quot; CAME OUT AT THE END OF 63). IT'S STILL A KILLER DEBUT ALL THESE YEARS LATER! . HOW COULD YOU POSSIBLY GO  WRONG WITH TITLES LIKE I SAW HER STANDING THERE,PLEASE PLEASE ME,ANNA,LOVE  ME DO, AND THE KILLER ENDING TRACK TWIST AND SHOUT!THE MESSAGE WITH THIS  DEBUT ALBUM WAS LOUD AND CLEAR- THE BEATLES HAVE ARRIVED!
0385482582|2.0|I was very dissapointed by this book as a lesson in management. The lessons learned are basic management and military strategy that every CEO should now. i.e. Basic lessons from the book: include understanding the  nature of the battlefield (6 forces that affect business), recognizing  change (strategic intelligence), listening to the troops in the field,  making sure you're not insulated from the bad news, seperate the noise from  real intelligence, have the courage to make changes, issue clear orders,  re-evaluate and adjust as conditions change, be prepared to replace the top  management (not for incompetence, but to get fresh perspectives (change the  old guard and the old ways of doing things), Realize that your company runs  on the quality of middle management (i,e NCO and junior officers in the  military). Give them clear goals and empower them to act. I have a lot of  respect for Andy Grove, and the insights into his business was great, but  if you want a good management book, read a military strategy manual.  There's nothing new here.
051788710X|3.0|My personal disclaimer for this review is that I'm deeply suspicious about most (if not all) books in the New Age genre. I am not a believer, nor am I on a spiritual path. I'm a writer who's been researching dreams and  dreaming and I've become slightly jaundiced from reading so much Jung  recast as spiritual clap-trap. In that regard, this book isn't really an  exception. However, it covers a much wider base of material with a  significantly higher degree of internal cohesion and logic than others of  its kind. It also provided a number of excellent references for further  reading. I might have given it a higher score, even given that I don't  share a common belief with the author, but I found the 'reality check'  meanings of various dreams that he provided to be almost wildly stretched  examples. What he cites as examples of dreams being reflected in real life  the next day are (for the most part) as vague as horoscopes and that  seriously dilutes the examples where the application is really striking.<br /> Still, an interesting addition to a dream library.
B000002L9M|5.0|I became a Depeche fan almost a year ago.  In that time, I've found them to be a band that truly signifies freedom in their music.  The CD is hauntingly dark..laced with political statements as well as their passion  for bizarre and meaningful lyrics.  Definitely one of their best by far  that I've heard.  The music puts the listener into another world and  reality.  Fantastic!
B00003000M|5.0|This cd is ecxeptionally good no matter what some criticts say.  It takes Bob's lyrics and adds a sensational beat to it. It sounds as though he is in the studio, and both lyrics and the feal of the music is irie.his cd is  great, no matter whar ofther people sayNNo matter No
B00000DFSK|5.0|This wasn't strictly the &quot;best of&quot;. See how everyone's idea of what should have been on there varies. As Bono himself said, &quot;It's the best-known tunes.&quot; Even so... &quot;Gloria&quot; is a glaring  exception. For those that are just getting into U2, this is a perfect intro  as they *were* in the 80's. (This is why &quot;One&quot; couldn't be  included... a 90's song in more than year or release.) Every song is a gem.  Perfect. Though it may make you just wanna hear the albums for the way  they're put together is as important as the songs. But the SONGS are great  and that's what makes this record great... though I couldn't imagine for  ANY reason getting the version without the B-sides. If you like good music,  wonderful lyrics, and a soaring sound that reinvented rock and roll forever  this is it. The REAL alternative because no one else before or after had  gone after music like this. Enjoy.
B00002MZ2T|5.0|I loved Savage Gardens first release and have been eagerly awaiting the next effort. When I heard the tracks released last summer I rushed down to the record store to find the cd was not available.  Well it's here, and I  think it was worth the wait. I love the magic of lyrics and vocals that  Darren and Daniel make together.  The song affirmation is sheer genius.   The lyrics are incredible, modern poetry with humor and depth.  <br />The  remainder of the tracks are well balanced, and equally blessed with the  magic and wit of these two post modern giants.  I enthusiastically  recommend this cd to anyone who has ever thought deeply about life, love,  sexuality or the human condition.  Thanks guys for this gift of the soul.
B00000IAU3|5.0|One of the best CD that I buy this year. I knew Dido from her brother's group - Faithless. Dido's songs are more mainstream than her brother's. But, they are simple awesome! Either you listen each song individually or  listen the whole CD, you will love it! I do!
0784010919|5.0|AT THE TIME THIS MOVIE CAME OUT I WAS IN LOVE WITH A OLDER MAN. I THOUGHT &quot;I'M NOT THE ONLY ONE IN THIS SITUATION&quot;, AND I FELT SO MUCH BETTER
6303421563|5.0|This film was one of the most original and captivating movies I have ever had the pleasure of seeing.  Once you see a movie of this caliber you soon come to appreciate creative story writing and superb character acting.  I  haven't seen the European version yet, but I hope to in the near future.   Jean Reno makes Leon an unforgettable character and Natalie Portman shows  tremendous talent as Mathilda.  Gary Oldman portrays the 'bad guy' with a  remakable sinister demeanor.  Overall, &quot;The Professional&quot; is one  of the films that should not be missed.
0783233477|5.0|Some people think this movie is a &quot;chick flick&quot;, but the film will appeal to anyone who's ever been in love or fantasized about it and is willing to let their imagination run free.  Those who expect the scenes to  depict real people and need to have everything add up and make sense may  have a problem with the movie.<br />Imagine from Susan's perspective... you  get up in the morning, look out at the Husdon, then join your super wealthy  father in his helicopter leaving his fabulous country estate and fly off to  Manhattan.  On the way, your father tells you  what to look for in a mate  and that passion is the most important part of a relationship.  You are  told to keep an open mind and look for lightening to strike.  Never mind  the hot shot boy friend you have that is likely to assume the reigns of his  company.  Look for someone who'll love you like crazy.  <br />On your way to  work as a doctor in a hospital you stop for coffee and meet an amazing,  energetic, charming, young man who flatters you, asks for your opinion, and  really listens to what you have to say.  He indicates that he is looking  for a girlfriend and that he's a faithful one-girl type of guy.  He talks  about his future dreams providing for a wife and family and wanting to get  them whatever they need.  The meeting ends with no exchange of names or  telephone numbers, just regret that no follow up meeting is planned.<br />That  evening who should show up at Dad's Manhattan Penthouse palace for dinner  but the stranger from the coffee shop.  You find out he's there to help out  your father but know little else about him except that his name is Joe.   After dinner while swimming in the luxurious penthouse pool overlooking  Central Park, Joe comes by with a spoonful of peanut butter and says he  would like to be friends.  He indicates that he's been so busy with his  work that hasn't taken time for romance.  Susan relates completely. Joe  seems so innocent, vulnerable, and sensitive.  He is articulate,  intelligent, and has the awesome good looks of Brad Pitt at his best.  Who  cares that he's still a stranger?<br />The next day he shows up at the  hospital just to &quot;visit&quot; and watch her work.  That night at  dinner they &quot;click&quot;.  The following couple days the romance is  underway and finally builds to where they have the most beautiful romantic  interlude by the Penthouse pool.  There is sensitivity, passion,  tenderness, and a background score that reflects every emotion.<br />Finally  there is an exquisite party for dad's 65th birthday at his country estate.    Susan is gorgeous as she arrives by limo dressed in a shimmering silver  gray slinky gown that reveals her youthful beauty.  She meets Joe who is  nothing short of debonaire in his crisp black  tuxedo.  There's an enormous  beautifully decorated cake and fireworks over the Hudson river.  Everything  is wonderful except that she still doesn't know much about Joe.  He has  previously revealed little except that he isn't married, has no girlfriend  and isn't gay.  Then you find that the fantasy may be ending because Joe  has to be leaving that night.  Again you don't know if you'll ever meet  again...<br />How could anyone pass up a story like this? A truly enjoyable  film with a beautiful music score by Thomas Newman.  This movie has so much  to think about it will still be on your mind for weeks after seeing it.
B0000017CA|5.0|Very few artists move me as much as this band.  I know there are aspects of this kind of music that some people will never be able to get passed; what a shame.  The rhythms, melodies and bluesy/alarming vocals reach deep  into the soul.  This is a truly original mix of many types of music.  Do  yourself and Acid Bath a favor and buy this record.  Open your mind, turn  off the lights and get ready to be pulled in.  It's that powerful.
B00002EPJH|5.0|We Germans like to quote Goethe - so let me start out with a free translation of a Goethe quote that comes to my mind when I think of this CD: &quot;A true master proves himself when his means are  limited.&quot;<br />Of course the circumstances under which this CD was  produced (Jarret's Chronic Fatigue Syndrome) have been (ab-)used by the  record company (and by himself?) to hype up this album quite a lot. So  until I actually had listened to the CD, I was quite sceptical about what  to expect here. Did Jarret simply record some cocktail bar tunes, only  presenting them in a pseudo-sophisticated fashion? The plain and simple  answer is &quot;anything but that&quot;. Every single track on this album  is truely deep, inspired and meditative in the best way - only a very  superficial listener can confuse this album with bar music. The songs on  this CD may be played in bars, too - but never in Jarret's way. While bar  music only pretends to be truely felt and meaningful - certain amounts of  alcohol might be required for the listener to believe so, too - this music  does the opposite: It does not have a certain fake sentimental attitude,  but it simply sounds out simple and truthful. At first, one might be  tempted to get a nice glass of wine (or a cup of coffee) ready, sit in an  armchair, and try to just &quot;hang loose&quot; while listening. The thing  is, though, that the music won't let you! Moreso, it does the opposite: It  forces you to listen very, very closely - and what you'll hear you'll find  amazing:  Simple classic tunes played in a way that is never overdone,  never superficial, but that reflects what can't easily be put into words  and thus makes us play and listen to music at all: Truths about ourselves,  the way we perceive outside and inside worlds...just find out for  yourselves!<br />The music on this album never reminded me of Jarret's  disease; it is not at all &quot;music played by a patient&quot;. What is  more: On his older recordings, I sometimes find Jarret's (&quot;old&quot;,  respectively &quot;pre-CFS&quot;) style of producing cascades of sounds  disturbing and out of place - it seems to me that there, he is occasionally  providing a shiny and shimmery surface more than he is focusing on the core  powers that lay within the music. On this album, he HAS to focus on the  latter because of his disease. And through that he is maybe more of an  artist than he ever was before: No more finger acrobatics (only a brief  souvenir of that in &quot;I Got It Bad&quot;), but music which is simply  beautiful and deep. On this album, Jarret's piano doesn't just sound, it  sings.
B000002KBU|5.0|if you can listen to this without crying, then you have no heart.  this is the album i listen to when i'm sad.  it's also the album i listen to when i'm happy. it's the album i listen to when i think of my first love. a very  wise woman once said, &quot;laughing and crying are the same release&quot;.  enjoy...
B0000060AK|5.0|I consider this recording to be one of the best opera recordings ever made! We are talking sheer perfection, even though it's a live recording. What Minkowski does with this opera by Handel is just fantastic! This is  what opera should be like. The singers and the orchestra does it so  extremely well. It's dramatic, it's romantic, it's beautiful! I consider  this music to be what we else call early romantic music. Listen for  yourself and discover a world that you won't leave for a while!
0792842731|5.0|This movie brings back the old style of Bond.  The sophistication that Brosnan brings makes me want to watch all of Connery's Bond movies again! The Bond movies continue to thrill all age audiences and this can only be  because they keep the plot current and characters in keeping with the  times.  A Masterpiece
0345350499|5.0|This is the best book I've ever read. I found myself relating to and getting completely caught up in Morgaine's life to the point of tears at times. The pages of this book brew with magic. I could read this book again  and again and experience something new each time. I will never be able to  look at the Arthurian legends, particularly Mogan Le Fay, the same way. Any  woman who has ever felt &quot;misunderstood&quot; will relate to this book!
0783230710|5.0|I have watched Apollo 13 in the movie theaters, on VHS and now on DVD DTS.  The true story of the three astronauts and the heroic effort by NASA comes fully alive with the awesome sound and video of DTS DVD.  This movie  captures the real life drama of ordinary people put in extraordinary  circumstances.  Heros abound from all walks of life.  It is truly NASA's  finest hour!  The acting is superb!  The special effects absolutely real  life, and the DTS sound pushes you back on your sofa as Apollo 13 lifts  off!
0060977493|5.0|Although I am not familiar with the intracacies of life in India and the true context in which this story is set, I found it a georgeous and rich vision of the world.  The narration, the placement of events within the  timeline of the novel, all were wonderful and fresh.
B000023VTQ|5.0|This film is a charmer of the first order. Even an arch-skeptic like me was completely taken by its sugary, romantic optimism.<br />I normally cannot stand Julia Roberts. Heavy-handed, self-important dreck widely dominates  her catalogue. But I couldn't resist her in this role. She looked beautiful  and evinced a serenity and self-effacing confidence that I would so welcome  in future roles. She seemed...well....almost likable.<br />Her performance  shouldn't overshadow the very fine ensemble cast that rounds out this  terrific film. &quot;Spike&quot; in particular. What a hoot.<br />Awheck. I  loved it.
B000002GVO|5.0|The Eagles- where does one start. this is one of their best cuts, and every song, every word touches a nerve somewhere. the very picture of their cover makes me think of the song hotel calif. and its meaning....people,  take a second and listen to this music. its beautiful. i would buy this cd  even if it was for 50$. Please dont miss out on this amazing piece of art.
078401213X|2.0|Pi.  The Kabballah.  Math.  Eraserhead -- D'OH!<br />Obviously Mr. Aronofsky went through a few too many intensely close viewings of Eraserhead, and somehow convinced himself he could do a 90's version of it ... only without  any of the creativity, novelty, mood, eeriness, atmosphere, ingenuity,  character, intesnsity, or soul of David Lynch.  What &quot;Pi&quot; ends up  being is a completely self-indulgent art school final project that should  have received a B-.<br />The idea that the kabballah, the theory of Pi, the  workings of the stock exchange, mathematics, chaos theory, and the computer  revolution could somehow reveal the true face of God is a great one.  But  this film was so ham-handed that none of the possibilities were  sufficently, if at all, explored.  Everything was merely hinted at, and in  the end, all that was left was a very weak character study intermingled  with a bit of a film-noir detective flavor and an onanistic revery for the  post-modern disjointed style of David Lynch.<br />The fact that this film was  so highly touted upon it's release shows that the film world is so shallow  that merely being NOT-Hollywood is sufficient to gain instant respect.  See  it if you must, but don't say I didn't warn you.
6305127689|5.0|It was a very interesting movie . Furthermore , Maverick Mitchell ( Tom Cruise ) was very handsome and avesome in peformance for this movie . I really don't know how to depict my &quot;love&quot; in this movie but you  should buy it . i'm sure you will not regret after you buy this movie .  Anyway , it was the BEST of 80's ever !
B00003003R|5.0|This album is by far the best musical CD I've purchased this year. With all the teenie-boppers flocking for Britney or Ricky, it's about time that a real band released an album worthy of a positive review. After listening  to only the first song, I could not remember any CD this year that comes  close to rivaling GN'R's music.
B000002L9J|5.0|This is the one and only cd in the world that I most adore. I got it when I was still in high school, and now an &quot;adult&quot; and working in the real world, I still love this album. That explains why the music in the cd  is a classic, the words are timeless and it is truly a must have for any  The Smiths fan. No words on earth can describe it. Marr's music and  Morrissey's words and vocals proves the best marriage of two musical  talents.
B000021Y7X|4.0|I loved this movie, and I own a copy of the VHS from '84.  I preordered the DVD as soon as I found out it was available.  Overall the DVD is great, but it was modified from the VHS original, overdubbing words of at least  one song (e.g. Genius of Love), and relegating two songs (Cities, Big  Business/I Zimbra) to bonus tracks instead of keeping them as integral  parts of the movie.  I feel that it broke up the flow somewhat, but that  may be because I am so familar with the original.  Other than those two  minor complaints, it is still one of the greatest concert movies ever made.
B000002UAU|5.0|. . . and, if not THE greatest, at least the most influential. What other reviewers on here don't think about is the time this album came out. The Beatles had a way of beating everyone else to the punch: they knew what was  coming next, and played in suit. This is indeed the first Rock album  (forget rock &amp; roll for now) and it paved the way for almost EVERYthing  that followed. It opened numerous doors, and influenced not only every  recording artist of then and now, but also pop culture in its entirety. The  direction our society took was influenced to a certain degree by this one  album . . . it was the soundtrack to the summer of love, and it was the  first fully mature Rock album.
0425166805|5.0|HA HA, this book is totally hillarious!  I love it!  I don't think I've ever laughed so hard in my whole life!
B00002Z88D|5.0|When I first heard that Metallica was doing a symphony album, I laughed.  Metallica with a symphony?  I'd heard the Moody Blues stuff, and have Kansas' &quot;Always Never The Same,&quot; but...this was unexpected.  But  I'm a big fan, so when it was in the store, I bought it.  What a surprise!  It sounds terrific!  There is an obvious respect between Metallica and the  San Francisco Symphony that makes them work well together, which is what  generally happens when you bring together professionals that are the best  at their craft.  Very powerful metal, made more powerful by an energetic  symphony orchestra.  Get it!
B0000025HV|5.0|This is where the Clash became the &quot;only band that   matters.&quot;  On this varied set (mixing rock, reggae, dub, rockabilly, and pop), there is not a weak song to be found, with at least half of the songs venturing  into the territory of &quot;masterpieces.&quot;  Standouts:  title track,  Clampdown, Lost in the Supermarket, Death or Glory, and Train in Vain (one  of the five best &quot;broken heart&quot; songs ever).   Re: (last post) -  This album is miles better than Hotel California (LOL!) and Rumours  (although I do like it)
B00000K19E|2.0|I almost gave this movie three stars, but I just can't.  Kudos to the filmmakers for having a little more imagination than most who attempt to bring science fiction to the screen, but to me this movie was stupid to the  core, and all the balletic violence and the beautiful slow-motion fall of  thousands of shell casings can't make up for the stupidity.  From the  absurd notion that human bodies are power sources (just ask a physicist to  estimate the thermodynamic efficiency of human metabolic processes) to the  Deus Ex Machina resolution (Keanu as Messiah - &quot;He's the one!&quot;),  the noise and banality overwhelms what is original in this film.  It is a  visual feast, and the Oracle as cookie-baking Mom was fun, but I think this  film is highly overrated.
B00003003R|5.0|This new CD is a big suprise for me, personally.  Being an immense GNR fan, I thought that tracks on &quot;LIVE ERA&quot; would sound dated and recycled.  Well, let's just say that this album can stackup against ANY  rock album ever made, ever!  Basically, this album is a tribute to the  former version of the band.  The energy in &quot;Welcome to the  Jungle&quot; and &quot;My Michelle&quot; gives you an idea of why they were  the most dangerous band in the world at that time.  And the pure emotion in  &quot;Estranged&quot; and &quot;November Rain&quot; solidifies Axl Rose as  one of the best lyricists, and vocalists, of the past 10 years.  One track  that everyone who buys this album should notice is &quot;Pretty Tied  Up&quot;, in which Axl sings &quot;Once there was this rock n roll band  rollin' on the street, Time went by and it became a joke&quot;.  Even at  the height of success, I think these guys knew that it would not last  forever.  But &quot;don't cry&quot;, because with this CD, you can revisit  &quot;yesterdays&quot; whenever you like.  As for the new GNR lineup, have  a little &quot;patience&quot;.
B000002NJS|5.0|Madonna has redefined herself once again to set the trend for the future direction of pop music for the new millenium with this ear-opening new electronica album, which features her most personal, mystical work in ages.  With tracks like &quot;Frozen&quot; ,&quot;Shanti-Ashtangi&quot;,&quot;The  Power of Goodbye&quot; which veer away from her traditional pop sound.  Moreover, one can find no more sexual undertones as in her previous  records. She has finally realized her supernatural nature with this  revolutionary musical masterpiece.
B000005TRO|5.0|Well, this is the first Spanish album of Laura that I really enjoy more than the Italian Version. Maybe it's because this album has all the best songs from her Italian Albums, but in Spanish version .I like the Spanish  version of &quot;Se fue&quot;, &quot;El valor que no se ve&quot; better  than the Italian Version. What can I say more? It's the wonderful voice of  Laura that sings! Try this one! You won't regret to buy if you like the  others albums of her (Le cose che vivi, Laura...)
6305076626|5.0|Absolutely the best movie ever made! For anyone who hates your common stereotype films of the genres, watch this one! It completely shocked me when Tim Curry came strolling in as Dr. Frank N. Furter! With a great cast,  songs, and since it doesn't even have a plot, it's a terrific movie! A fan  of the movie said that your typical outcast would be very attracted to this  film, but I believe that anyone who loves a good comedy/sci-fi flick will  love RHPS. I love this movie, I think it is the best film ever made! For  once you'll root for the antagonist! Don't forget to watch the deleted  scenes at the end of the movie!
B000031XCR|5.0|What a wonderful album! What a wonderful voice! I like the new songs! I think these are songs that people of any age can listen, no matter if you are old, or young, everyone love it. She has a nice style. Good music. But,  yeah... could be better... I know Celine could be better...
B00000K19E|5.0|stylish cinematography, clever concept, cool cast- sci-fi for the next millenium.
B00002Z88D|4.0|Some great stuff here, would be a 5 star if they would've chosen the best and put it on one CD. There are some songs that just had too much going on which sounded like a jumbled mess of music. The 4-5 good ones were better  than the original. My favorite happens to be one of their new releases.
B00000IAU3|5.0|Dido has an amazing voice. She compares to the likes of Sade and natalie merchant. What makes this cd special is that every single one of the 12 tracks is an absolute delight..they dont rip you off by giving you 1 or 2  good songs and filling the rest up w/ fluff. This cd is a pure, smooth,  absolute satisfaction to listen to and it will no doubt become a classic  &quot;must have&quot;. Lets just hope her next cd will be just as good !
B000031XCR|5.0|I love it so much. There's everything here! All the old fav's. that made her famous on top of it 7 brand new songs. Way to go Celine! I love the duet with NSYNC. That single: &quot;That's The Way It Is&quot; is climbing   fast up the singles chart.<br />I love the Shania Twain collaboration with  Mutt Lange, Shania's producer. This is a whole different sound to Celine.  <br />There's a hard raw-edged rock tune in there called &quot;I Want You To  Need Me&quot; WOW! is all I can say about this one! This one is blows the  speakers away. <br />I can't forget the soundtrack from BICENTENNIAL MAN with  Robin Williams, &quot;Then You Look At Me&quot; Bound to be another  hit.<br />There's so many must-haves on this cd. <br />YES! I would definitely  buy it if I were you!
B000002BMD|5.0|The Manics are definately superior quality to most of the trash around today. America needs this band right now. Great songs. 'Design for a life is the' best song I've heard in years.
B000002JPA|5.0|What else can I say that has not been already said below? This is the best albun by Dream Theater. But, even being a die-hard fan, the only think Im not completely tied with is the singer James LaBrie. His voice is sometimes  annoying, super high-pitched, boring.
0679457313|5.0|An amazing book. If you have ever had to experience the complexities that arise from the merging of two or more cultures, and the resulting(occasional) dominance of one over the other, this book will make  you fly...... Roy is insightful, perceptive and is not attacking any  particular people or way of life, but providing a glimpse into sacrifices  that can be universal in nature. And doesn't it sometimes feel as if you  have to break the rules occasionally to truly discover the truth? Roy's  book is one of the best contemporary novels I have ever read......
B000005RTD|4.0|The golden age of British metal is well represented with this CD by Saxon. It has great tunes. hard and tough. Ironically, the tittle track &quot;Wheels of Steel&quot;, albeit being a classic, is the one I like the  lesser, because it has only one riff through all the song.
6305587159|5.0|Contrary to other reviewers, I enjoyed this film. Star Trek has never been a very realistic series, and the movies are certainly in keeping with that. How true to present-day life is manned space exploration anyway?  Insurrection was humerous and entertaining, and gave a different look into  the characters I grew up watching. In short, I liked this movie, and I  can't wait to see it again.
B000002IWQ|2.0|Ive bought this CD a long time ago and until now I cant feel it right. &quot;Nobodys Hero&quot; is a beautiful song, but the others seem all alike  to me, over-produced, as if to hide the lack of inspiration of the  band for this CD.
B000031XCR|5.0|All of the songs on this cd show Celine's talent for knowing just what songs want to be heard by the listener.....She know's how love feels to her and she has been able to send the same message to her fans.......
B000002V0Q|1.0|There is nothing to say about this album. IT SUC
B00000J7JO|5.0|This cd is by far one of the best that I've ever bought and I can listen to the whole cd without skipping one track. I would highly reccommed this to cd to ne one who likes good music. My favorite song is the last one on  the ablum &quot;Road Trippin&quot; one of my all time favorites the lyrics  and music just makes the song so amazing.
B000002TPS|5.0|This one is the best one. It is heavy and has deep lyrics. My favorites songs are Reckning day,Family tree and Victory. This is a cd every one should own!
6305627401|5.0|The movie was Great! I really enjoyed the Movi
B00001QGPS|4.0|These guys prove that they're one of the best duos in the game on this wonderfully produced CD. The remix of How High is off the chain. The track w/ Uncle L &amp; Ja Rule is also tight as hell.
B0000296SI|4.0|There are several great tracks on Enema of the State, like &quot;All the Small Things&quot; and &quot;Mutt&quot;.  If you're a punk fan, you'll love this album.  I listen to it everyday during my study hall.
0767836286|2.0|after viewing this mildly exciting movie it dawned on me that this had been done before and much better without the fireworks. One only has to remember Warren Beatty&quot;s wonderful trip into true political paranoia  in &quot;The Parallax View&quot; to wax nostalgic how this movie is a poor  ripoff of the older classic. To bad they wasted Jeff Bridges on this  inferior remake.
B000023VR6|2.0|You gotta give this man his props for creativity... and his production skills appear to have sharpened, minus the &quot;Death Row&quot; influence.  Actually, I think this is a very nice album.  I gave it two stars just to  get yall attention! Slick, huh?   Compared to his first, the beats are more  mellow, allowing listeners to focus in on lyrics.  What you will hear is a  smooth Dr. Dre sound that anyone can vibe to.  My favorite... gotta give it  up for: &quot;track #17&quot; featuring several of his talented guest.   I  don't know, I grew up in LA, and when listening to track 17 as I roll thru  the ATL, I almost feel as if I'm back at the crib, rolling down central on  my way to get my grub on at taco pete's!  But hey, like the song says, and  it's true, &quot;LA brothers are all over the world.&quot;
B00003003R|3.0|This live two cd set is a good summary of the band's entire career, from the exhilirating early days of '87-'88 to the bloated end. I must give Guns N' Roses credit for including some of the weaker material, as they did with  disc 2, to present an accurate overview of the band's entire career. But,  as a fan, it is a bit sad to hear the ruins of a once great band.  <br />They  should have concentrated heavily on early performances, as disc one does.  The first four tracks are particularly devastating, and Dust N' Bones and  Patience contain interesting work. The band really struggles, however, with  November Rain, a sign of things to come. Overall, however, this is a good  disc.<br />The second disc begins with promise as well, with a rocketing Out  Ta Get Me, but the rest of the disc is disappointing, mixed with a few  highs and many lows. Paradise City, the closing track, is a perfect example  of this. The intro is taken at a fast pace and really cooks, but then the  band launches into the riff and gets bogged down. This leads to a very  jumbled ending that does not represent the thrashing pace on Appetite for  Destruction. I couldn't even sit through Sweet Child O' Mine, which is very  lackadaisical.<br />The bottom line: If you want a Guns N' Roses album, stick  with Appetite for Destruction. Along with early Led Zeppelin, it is the  best form of high enery rock. Don't let nostalgia and yearning for a real  rock n' roll band trick you into buying this live set. Stick with the  studio albums you already have or look for the imports.
6305076626|3.0|O.k.the plot is thin.O.k.,punk is outdated.O.k,the ending's a bit cryptic,if not absurd.But the music go to your heart (the Time Warp Song,Sweet Tranvestite,Eddie's songs),Tim Curry is pure camp,the mix of  parody and tragedy perfect.Oh,and I just love that crreepy Riff Raff,that  scmuckiest of schmucks Brad ,and poor naive Janet.RHPS does FEEL great!
B000021XS0|5.0|the best album from the best band ever, sooner or later i thought these guy's will do it, kevin was very emotional and derek was very tecnical, so jordan is the mixture of both...  this album was the gathering of 5 talent,  they produced a amazing composition and again unforgettable lyrics, so only  think u have 2 do is, just volume UP!
B00000K19E|5.0|This film has to be the best film ever,thought provoking with special events to back up the storyline and make it (unbelievable as it is) extremely believable. If you miss this film you will be losing out on  seeing a film that will change the way you look at everything.Just open  wide and take the blue pill!
630562285X|3.0|Sean Connery.  I'm interested.  Catherine Zeta-Jones.  Interesting combination, tell me more.  A plot that pits a legendary thief against the wits of an insurance agent out to stop him.  A tale of who-can-get-who-last  with action, action, action.  Wow!   This sounds great! <br />Was it?  Well,  it sure wasn't as good as it sounded.  Zeta-Jones wasn't exactly the  exciting choice it seemed she would be.  The plot was extremely trite  except for a few scenes (like the opener, the popular one involving all  that red yarn, and the twin tower escape attempt).  Even Connery can't pull  a mediocre movie into success.  This movie is worth seeing once, but don't  expect to be &quot;entraped&quot; or enthralled.
6301773551|3.0|I have to admit, the STAR WARS series are not my favorite movies of all time.  I enjoy them, but they are still not my favorite.  Of the series I like EMPIRE STRIKES BACK the best (it is the darkest story of the series,  and that is what I like about it.)  We are all entitled to our own  opinioins, so people who do like these movies stop bad mouthing the people  who don't, and the people who don't like them stop bad mouthing the people  who do!
B00000K19E|3.0|I was only vaguely impressed with THE MATRIX when I viewed it the first time.  I saw it in the theater and, considering its break-neck pacing, I missed some of the finer--but brilliant details--of the plot.   However,  upon buying the DVD and viewing several more times, I enjoyed it more each  time.  This movie is fun, fun, fun with an originality that opened a whole  lot of new doors.  The music is supercharged, and I would have to say that  this is the most REwatchable movie of 1999!  This isn't really a must-see,  but it is a must-see-and-see-and-see-and-see!  Enjoy!
B00002Z88D|3.0|I found it hard to get into this album. At some parts the orchestrations are great, but at others it seems to ruin the vitality of the metal parts. For instance: the sextuplet rapid picking part of One. During the guitar  stutter the symphony keeps playing. For me, that ruined alot of the power  that the stutter conveys. Michael Kamen is supposed to be one hell of a  classical composer but he has done much better than this. Only get this if  you are a die hard Metallica fan. Not because it has the orchestra.
B00000JHAU|5.0|I love this cd, my roomate introduced me to Belle and Sebastian and I liked them right away. My favorites are tracks 2 (Seeing Other People) and 6(Get Me Away I'm Dying).  Their songs are catchy and tuneful.  A must  have.
0140177396|5.0|When I first read the book I was in high school, I never enjoyed reading until I was assaigned to read this book. I couldn't put it down at night. This is my all time favorite novel. I think that the book described the  true meaning of friendship. Lenny and George were total opposites and what  kept them so close was the love they had for each other and their  frienship. I also saw the movie and I recommend it. This novel made me cry  and laugh. I think that everyone who reads this book will be touched by the  wonderful characters. There are so many great written novels and this is  definitely one of the best.
0671015206|5.0|This Book makes perfect sense. It makes the reader understand a very important point; wealth = net worth, rather than income or social image. Studded with research results and actual life stories it highlights the  means, benefits and definition of financial independance. It has helped  enlighten and transform my thinking. Well Done Drs. Danko and Stanley.
B00000K19E|5.0|If you are a Christian who likes movies then you'll like this one.  Matrix has tons of similarities with the Christian/Spriritual realm.  They play on the motif of the real world vs. the one that is made up in a virtual world.   Also they play on the names of the characters. Neo meaning New, like we  who are Christians are made new when we die to ourselves.  There are so  much more symbolisim in the movie....go watch it and discover it for  yourself.
6305169187|5.0|Armageddon was hands down the best movie of 1998!  I loved the story line.  It grabbed me and pulled me in until the final scene.  You would not expect to cry at the end of an action movie, but I could not help but have  tears of pride and relief (every time I watch it!). The special effects  were incredible. Ben and Bruce are not bad to look at either. The title  song made the movie for me too.  Everytime I hear it, I want to see the  movie again.  The &quot;other&quot; astroid movie cannot even compare to  Armageddon.  Armageddon is a must see!
6302968135|5.0|I love this movie I've seen it so many times I have it memorized. It's a bad a$$ movie. Alrato
6305171769|4.0|Rip-roaring sequel to an appaling predecessor. In this film we see the return of Jamie Lee Curtis. Now headmistress in a new school, Jamie has changed her name in the hope that her psychotic brother will never find  her. Introducing Josh Harnett as Jamie Lee's son and a load of cheeky  humour from Scream Producer Kevin S. Williamson. This film is also less  violent, which is a plus. But of the violent scenes prepare to turn your  stomach this is quite gruesome in parts. Excellent film: 1 flaw- what  happened to storylines of Halloween 3-6? Secondly, producers don't create  that sequel you are planning to create- Halloween 2000....you are on a high  now and end it like that
B000021XS0|5.0|If you're a DT fan, then you've already bought this album.  And, you were totally blown away by it.<br />If you're not a DT fan, but a fan of this genre of music, then buy this.  You will not be disappointed.  It is their best  album - far reaching, complex, musically excuisite, lyrically complete.<br />I  could listen to this album for days on end.  I am just so mystified how  these guys keep on improving their talent.  The superiority of their work  to everything else out their right now cannot be questioned.<br />My only  complaint is the female Mariah Carey-ish vocal wailing at the intro to  &quot;Through Her Eyes&quot;.  That is just terrible and cheesy.  A better  vocalist could have been found, but the wailing was not necessary anyway,  so why bother including it?  <br />As for QR Mindcrime comparisons, MC was a  more intriguing story, which left you questioning, even in the end.  DT  answers all of its questions and tells the whole story (I think).  I really  don't know how to compare the albums otherwise, since I think both are  great.  DT may have the edge though because of Jordan's talents. (But, the  Sister Mary vocalist was great on MC!)<br />This was definitely an ambitious  project for DT.  I know they have a substantial fan base, but I think this  album will make many new fans. In some ways, I feel sad for the folks who  did not like this album and appreciate it.  They are really missing out on  some fabulous music.
6301562925|4.0|I liked this sequel. It was a little bit of an upgrade from Halloween 4 which was an excellent movie. Carpenter certainly knows how to write the storylines. If I had to say one thing about this film, it is what we see in  HALLOWEEN H20 which shows it's faults. It seems when you watch the most  recent Halloween movie that Hallween 3- 6 never even happened!
0887307280|3.0|The primary point of this book - that most small business people spend too much time on the technical details of their business and not enough on developing a scaleable, repeatable business model - is well presented and a  point that is certainly worth making. I really liked this first half of  this book. However the second half revealed Gerber to be some sort of a  paperwork/control freak who proposes systems so burdensome and detailed  that they would stifle most real small businesses and insult most employees  beyond recovery. This isn't terribly surprising coming from a consultant. A  lot of the material in this book would fit nicely in a Dilbert cartoon.
6304288433|4.0|I thought this was a very entertaining sequel to its predecessor, Halloween. The plot is what impressed me the most. The story continued straight on from where it left off, unlike other slasher movies where the  killer dies and comes back again no matter what. Laurie Strode(Jamie Lee  Curtis) is in hospital getting treated for her injuries and trying to  recover from her ordeal when who should appear but- Michael Myers! Donald  Pleasance is also very convincing as Myer's doctor Dr. Sam Loomis. Of  course it wasn't as good as its predecessor but still great fun.
0441172717|5.0|I have nothing new to say. My review is just my way of paying respect to one of the finest Sci-Fi novels written.
B000002G0P|5.0|well.. at first I couldn't bare it. The CD was so different then &quot;Pornograffitti&quot;... but after a week or so, I realized that it's another Extreme masterpiece... the last song, 21 minute rock opera,,  80-piece orchestra.... don't know how to express it. The album is perfect ,  as any album Extreme did. Buy it, you won't regret.
B000023VR6|4.0|&quot;Chronic 2001&quot; is just that, it's a sequel like &quot;Friday&quot; and &quot;Next Friday&quot;.  Chronic 2001 begins where the original &quot;Chronic&quot; left off.  One thing that Dr. Dre  demonstrates is that he has not lost anything behind the boards. Dre left  plenty of beats in the vault because every song has the same old Dre flavor  we are used to.  Any one with a system in their ride should add  &quot;Chronic 2001&quot; to their collection.  The best tracks are  &quot;Still Dre&quot;, &quot;B_____ N_______,L.A. N_______,Let's Get High,  Forgot About Dre, What's The Difference, and The Next Episode.  Snoop Dogg,  Xzibit, Eminem, and Kurupt give good performances on this CD.  Even Dre's  Aftermath artists give a worthy performance. The only reason why this CD  doesn't get a 5 or 5+ rating is that we were spoiled by the original  &quot;Death Row Inmates&quot;.  Daz, Rage,RBX and a healthy dose of Kurupt  is what's missing from this CD.Dre's entourage does a good job, but who  doesn't love the original &quot;Chronic&quot;.  With beats like these Dr.  Dre will have plenty of patients to tend to in the new millenium.
B000002GJ7|5.0|the title has it all. the best guitar record I've ever heard. great vocals.  great instrumental part. great bass. nice drumming. all in all - great!
6303972810|5.0|I was hoping to find this movie on DVD.  My wife hasn't seen it yet, but know she would love it.  How can they not re-release it?  Val Kilmer is a mega-star, now!  He wasn't when this film was made. . . I have probably  seen this video 20 times on video and I never got bored of it.  I was  hoping to buy this one for Christmas, maybe next year. :(
B000002GIE|5.0|this is an easy one you've gotta be kidding:) the best debut album ever made on the face of this Earth.
0380002930|3.0|Watership Down by Richard Adams is a novel that tells of how rabbits live in the world that we as people make it into. At the beginning of the story Fiver tells his brother, Hazel, that there is going to be trouble at the  warren. Fiver could kind of see into the future and Hazel knew this. Hazel  trys to tell the Chief Rabbit that all the rabbits were in danger and that  they need to leave the warren. The Chief Rabbit will not go any where  because of his pride. Hazel gets a group of rabbits together to leave and  do their best to surrvive in the unknown world. Hazel and his friends run  into many scary incounters that scare them out of their wits. They have to  face the dark, being eaten, being run over, facing evil rabbits, and many  more wild and scary opticles.In the end the fears that they under went was  worth it. They even make new buddies. I feel this was a good book because  Watership Down had many details and put you right in the middle of the  action. This novel, as most novels do, shows a great lesson. It shows that  anything can be accomplished if you really put your mind to it. I recommend  this novel to all who enjoy adventure and fiction all in one.
B00002MZ2T|5.0|I have been eagerly awaiting their new CD. When it came out, I quickly bought it. I WAS NOT DISSAPOINTED!  I didn't think it was possible, but they have gotten better. Just like their first one, their songs have a  great varity of beats and styles. &quot;Chained to You&quot; has a fablous  80's beat that you have to dance to. Other fast paced songs include  &quot;The Animal Song&quot; and &quot;Affirmation.&quot; &quot;Crash and  Burn&quot; has the quality of a love song equalled only by &quot;Truly,  Madly, Deeply&quot; from their first CD.  I fell in love with that song  immiatly. In fact I fell in love with all of their songs, which is a  rarity. I especially love &quot;Crash and Burn,&quot; &quot;You Can Still  Be Free,&quot; and &quot;Gunning Down Romance.&quot; If you have ever heard  any of Savage Garden's songs or have their first CD, you NEED to get this  one!
0140367128|4.0|An excellent classic about Victor Frankenstein and his creature. Mary Shelley's only book was a great success and is full of suspense and insanity. Although it may be a great story, it is not for readers who want  an action-packed, fast-paced book. Chapters and events tend to drag.  Overall an excellent instant classic that shall never be forgotten.
B000000WJZ|5.0|The Smashing Pumpkins' first big hit album and in my eyes their best to date. A master lyricist as well as a sensational guitarist, Billy Corgan lead the band out of the depths of underground into the spotlight with  Siamese Dream. Every note and lyric flow perfectly with each other. James  Iha and Darcy's back up vocals add so much to the band's dreamy, melody  packed and hard rock driven pace. Song's like Soma and Space Boy give a  beutifull sense of the softer side of the world, while Geek U.S.A. and  Quiet show the Pumpkins can keep up with the best of the rock bands.          Every time I see them in concert, I always come out wishing they'd played  more off Siamese Dream.
B00000IQC8|5.0|The DVD is worth the extra money, if only for the hilarious version in which the video of the movie is played while the cast comments on each scene. Among other things, Jason Mewes (Jay) is basically passed-out drunk  during the commentary and keeps yelling &quot;Snoochie boochies!&quot;
B00003003R|3.0|gn'r live is pretty good. i miss seeing this band live. hell... i miss this band, and this cd is all i have to remember them by. it's great to hear all those great songs off of appetite, lies, and the illusions because  those were awesome albums. overall, the whole album is a nice reminder of  what this band was, and what it could have been. if you are a fan, get this  because axl won't sound like this again. and if axl reads this... just say  your sorry, burry the hatchet with duff, slash, matt, and izzy and come  back to reality because without them what is present on the live album will  be your only memories of what the once great guns n' roses were: one of the  greatest rock bands ever!
6303430570|5.0|The most refreshing low-buck comedy in a long time. Jay &amp; Silent Bob alone are worth the price of admission. The acting isn't great, but the dialogue more than makes up for it. And hey, what do you expect for a  $100,000 movie.
006017322X|5.0|I loved this book, both for it's appeal as a tale of what it was like to be a child and for its portrayal of how ordinary people can be sucked into the abyss of racism.
0790731452|5.0|My favorite movie is Casablanca, I have seen  this movie, I am buying this movie. Draw your own conclusions.
0792839749|2.0|This is still one of my all-time favourite musicals.  As a toddler, the kidnapper terrified me so much, I crouched down behind the seat of our convertible (Drive-In showing) and never came back up for the duration of  the film, eventually falling asleep.  It was Years later that I had the  opportunity to view it again.  Bear in mind that in those days you had One  shot of viewing and retaining the memory of it.  How disappointing that the  DVD version of this classic is Not in widescreen and features the  ridiculous intermission segment which backtracks prior to plummeting off  the cliff.  The laserdisc version, presented in Widescreen, is far  superior, though it also includes the forementioned intermission segment.   A 5-star film in a 2-star format.
B000002INR|5.0|Great album that I've listened to since the day it came out.  80's rock is still alive and well in my life, hopefully it will make a full come back one day.  This is one of those albums that when you hear a particular song  will take you back in time 10 years and make you remember a different time  and different people who have come and gone in your life and it will  probably put a smile on your face.  These guys rocked hard.  God I loved  and still do love this album.  It takes me back to high school when times  were great.  I'm probably speaking for a million people when I say this  too. Loved this album
6305627401|5.0|This film is superb, once you've got over some of the foulest dialogue ever, you'll find one of the funniest films ever.Also worth mentioning is the music, I wasn't expecting South Park to be a musical, but the tunes are  great. Basically if you want to see the most bizarre film ever and have a  great time while doing it, see this one.
0679746048|5.0|My impression of the book was definitely NOT that the protagonist gave a glimpse into the world of borderline syndrome or any kind of mental illness.  Rather, I understood the author to be trying to convey the fact  that these labels were inappropriate for her, that she was  &quot;normal&quot;  in every way.  The diagnosis was made on the basis of a  15 minute interview with a psychiatrist who had never seen her before.  <br />Even the author's explanation of her choice of the title of the book  shows her viewpoint:  she explains that she felt herself to have been  interrupted at the music of being  seventeen.   From my reading of the  book, I saw the protagonist as a normal (but quite intelligent and  creative) teenager, not as  borderline, manic depressive, bipolar,  depressive, or &quot;mentally ill&quot; in any way -- and I believe that  this was the intention of the book: to show in a personal way the social  construction (at least in this one particular case) of &quot;mental  illness&quot;.
B00001YVDW|5.0|With the demise of Mobile Fidelity Sound Labs, there will be no more of their superb gold discs. Ironically, their last is Who's Next, and it's one of their best ever, if not THE best. You'd think you were in the studio  with the band, it sounds so pure. If you love this record, buy this  version. It won't last long.
6305311463|3.0|This movie is not worth the heated debate that it has been getting: it's average.  Yes, it's a little thin on plot in places, yes, the characters are not exactly literary classics, yes, it's horribly predictable, and yes,  I think my 89-year-old Grandma has a better grasp of science than the  Michael Bay.  Still, this movie isn't horrible.  The special effects are  spectacular, Thorton is his usual good self, and Bruce Willis really isn't  bad at all (actually, I thought his reflections and prayers while on the  asteroid were the best part of the movie).  Affleck and Tyler's characters  will no go down as the new Romeo and Juliet, but some of their scenes are  cute.  So, come on people, reserve the heated comments for films that  deserve it.  See Armageddon if you want to be entertained, but not if you  want to see cinema.
630516889X|5.0|Arnold is amazing, unlike other movies, I can  watch it over and over again. The ending is sweet. <br />Once again Arnold has amazed me!
B0000069CT|5.0|The original LP of #3, broadcast, sent two of us on a treasure hunt for days only to find it out of print. The hunt then lasted for years for this reissue.  It turned out that while #3 was all it was remembered to be,  better on CD of course, the Serenade was the prize.  Everyone who hears  this CD buys it.
B00001ZUGJ|5.0|This movie kept you on your toes, the special effects in this movie were out of this world. I have to say that this is the best movie of Keanu Reeves career
0140187650|5.0|This book contained an incredible mix of philosophy, journalism, sociology and psychology. How many writers would have had the skill, let alone the knowledge to pull off a work like this...not many. Regarding its content,  the book almost requires its reader to prepare to read it by reading  philosophy and history beforehand. I don't know that one could truly  appreciate the book without having done that. A couple of the more  memorable segments of the book are when Eichmann tries to invoke the moral  philosophy of Immanuel Kant to justify his actions and those of his  comrades and when  (on more than one occasion) Arendt poses the haunting  question of how the jews could have let themselves be led off to their  deaths like lambs to the slaughter.   This book warrants more than being  read once; multiple readings would be worth the time and effort.
B000002BYD|3.0|I was somewhat disappointed in Yield by the very fact that the guitars sound asleep; the sound quality of this album is rather poor.  The faster songs on the album, like Brain of J and Do the Evolution are something like  rubberbands. They stretch trying to be something like old Pearl Jam, but  fall short. The version of Brain of J is much better on the Wishlist  single, because its much louder and faster and the band feels freer. Listen  to McCready's guitar in the middle of the song of both versions. Do the  Evolution is a rockin' song, but feels feeble in its attempt at  constructing something great. Pilate, sounds kind of stupid at first but  then it grows on you and gets stranger. There's a great line in the middle  of the song when it slows down. Highlights of the album include Lowlight,  All Those Yesterdays,Given to Fly, and the clever-written Wishlist. In  short, Yield, though not great, works because it has slow great songs that  gently build up. The band is not better in the faster songs, and that has  something to do with that monotonous clobber, Jack Irons. Ironic that his  last name is Irons.
6304297912|5.0|I believe that a movie accomplishes it's purpose when the viewer actually understands how the charcters in the film must feel.  This film was great because by the end of it I felt as though I could relate to these drug  recovering youngsters.  TRAINSPOTTING isn't just a movie it's an  experience.  All of the performances were great, I particularly enjoyed the  performance of newcomer Kelly MacDonald.  She's very pretty and even does a  full frontial nude scene.  If you like this movie chances are you will also  like SHALLOW GRAVE.
B000031XCR|1.0|When Lauryn Hill sings &quot;Everything you drop is so tired,&quot; Celine Dion could very well be the target of that blow. Blatantly ripping off a song is bad enough, but to copy off the Backstreet Boys, of all acts, is an  absolute shame. Of course, I'm referring to &quot;That's the Way It  Is,&quot; which is merely a rewrite of &quot;I Want It That Way.&quot;  <br />Save the exquisite &quot;To Love You More,&quot; this album only  showcases Dion's penchant for wasting her chops on lame material.
B00000K3UR|3.0|I'm a die hard Adam Sandler fan so of course I own this movie and think that it's great.  However, in all fairness, the average person probably would not get a &quot;big&quot; kick out of this film....possibly some  youngsters will.  However,  Adam's character just seemed a little too calm  and not as excitable as many of the other roles he has become so well known  for.  To me Joey Lauren Adams stole the show.  She's a very pretty lady and  draws everyones attention when she's on the screen.  If you like her be  sure to check out a movie called S.F.W. she has a small but memorable  (partial nude scene) role in that film.
B00001ODHF|5.0|This movie was great! It has quickly become among my favorite movies of all time! However, it falls a bit short of the first two films. Bruce Campell, as always, gives a memorable perfomance. I think that we all can  relate to his character in some way. Not that we have all been sent through  a time portal to the Dark ages to do battle with the Undead, or anything.  But Campbell's character gives us a working-class blue collar joe, who in  this case, turns out to be one great unlikely hero. But, I think that we've  all wanted to go to the sporting goods section of a shopping center and do  battle with the undead (final scene). This is a truly must-see film!
0684867621|1.0|I am a huge Stephen King fan.  I have read several of his books and have loved them all.  Then I came across this horrible dissapointment.  The entire book is centered around one girl who I found extremely annoying.  Stephen King has written so many great books, so don't waste your time with  this one.  Instead read Four Past Midnight or The Eyes of the  Dragon...those were great books.
0790729628|3.0|Blade Runner is a classic, a mythological look at how deeply the presumably human protagonist, and the rest of us take life so profoundly for granted. While the film is incredible, there are some flaws in this DVD  version. The Director's Cut was made for the film's 10th anniversary, so it  predated digital transfers. As a result, the film still has a blotchy  analog look. Also, while the Director's cut presents more relentlessly the  harsh vision of the post-apocalyptic future, it is definitely less  accessible. Moreover, there are clearly some places where dubbed dialog was  added in, or dialog was cut in the remake, so it's not as polished. The DVD  edition should have, rather than offering wide-screen and pan-and-scan  versions, offered the original release on one side of the disc, and the  Director's Cut on the other. Nonetheless, the film is still an inspired  cinematic vision, with visible allusions to Percy Shelley's  &quot;Prometheus Unbound&quot; and Mary Wollstonecraft Shelley's  &quot;Frankenstein, or, The Modern Prometheus.&quot;
0451196716|4.0|Reading this book was like watching a car crash, you want to but you can't look away! This book was disturbing on a number of levels. You begin to feel the futility and exaustion of the boys as the book drags on, but you  just can't stop reading until you reach the end, if you reach the end, but  then what...?
0679441018|2.0|Ms. Rice, I love you...but...What was Memnoch about?  I read it twice and couldn't figure it out.  The Vampire Chronicles have been fabulous, up until now.  Lestat, David, Armand. Absolutely! I don't understand the  entire Christian mythology-esque undertones.  The significance of  Veronica's Veil and drinking the blood of Christ was totally beyond me. I  could almost believe Lestat's otherworldly companion except for his tour of  heaven.  I just read THE VAMPIRE ARMAND, PANDORA, and VITTORIO, and I'm not  worried.  Just be careful what muse you listen to.
B00002MZ4W|5.0|I read about Fiona Apple in a magazine in late 1996, and on a whim, I bought &quot;Tidal&quot;. I had never heard her music or anything about her before. From the first seconds of the CD, she had me, I was addicted. I  would tell people about her, and they'd say, &quot;Never heard of her&quot;  of course they didn't play her on the radio because it wasn't like other  music...and wouldn't you know, months later, those same people were singing  her praises! &quot;When The Pawn&quot; is not a disappointment, as some  sophomore albums are. It's not just good, it's great, fantastic, beautiful  and anyone who says otherwise either hasn't heard it, or has a severe  musical disfunction.
0307162095|4.0|I loved this book when I was little.   I only hope that it will be a classic for my new niece/nephew.
0784010188|4.0|James Cameron has proven himself THE master of Sci-Fi....hands down. The music is AWSOME; get the soundtrack from both T1 and T2. But, why in the hell did they leave the extra scenes out on the DVD. I'm ticked.  Fortunately, I bought the Special Edition VHS with the extra scenes when I  went to Universal Studios, Florida. I'm just dissappointed to get the DVD  without the extra scenes. I can't wait for The Abyss to come out on DVD.
B00001ZWTT|3.0|Ilike wild wild west as a kid on tv but like the moive but there was some thing missing, from the  moive.
B00000HZFP|5.0|My wife and I saw the show in Los Angeles last night.  Fourth row, smack in the face center (even managed to get a little tomato on my jacket).  In the performance we saw, Hedwig was played by Matt McGrath (understudy for  Michael Cerveris) and we could not possibly imagine Cerveris being all that  much better.  Fabulous!  I just ordered the CD so I can't give it an honest  review, but my 5 stars are for the show.  My wife was forttunate enough to  have seen Rocky Horror on the stage in LA in the early 70s, and she thinks  this was as unique and entertaining.  Wonderful.
0684867621|5.0|....then buy this book.  This book is very good.  It is short enough that it can be read in one or two days easy.  After reading what all the little girl goes through in the woods I'm more thankful for what I've got than I  ever have been.
B00003003R|5.0|This is by far my favorite band of all time. This disc doesn't totally capture the insanity of there live performance but it ROCKS!  Buy it and one for a friend. This is the real GnR not the rip off of the name that  will be putting out a GnR album in the near future.
6305627401|4.0|This is a movie I can watch over and over again (not in the presence of children, of course).  The more I watch it, the funnier it gets.  Cartman is hilarious.  If you're a South Park fan, buy it...MMMMM-kay?
6305627347|5.0|The movie was irreverent, crude and funny as hell.  The video is indeed, uncut, except for sizing to the TV screen.  It's a wonderfully real movie that has some real moral value.  If you can laugh at yourself and everyone  else in the world and possibly learn something about yourself, buy it now  and watch it with someone you love!
0446910201|5.0|What an amazing story.  I only saw the movie but that makes me want to read the book all that much more.  I was so moved by this mans story. He never gave up hope and evolved into this amazing, beautiful person.  I  think reading the book will answer so many more questions for me.
B000002KIK|1.0|Awful! The final Sabbath album with Ozzy is by far the worst, with only one good track, &quot;Junior's Eyes&quot;, on the entire CD. The title track is terribly poppy, and the CD finally collapses into a mess of jazz.  For the completist only. Otherwise, skip this one and move on to  &quot;Heaven and Hell&quot; or, if you're an Ozzy fan, &quot;Blizzard of  Oz&quot;.
0064400557|5.0|This book is an excellent fantasy book for children.  The animals talk to each other (kids love it when animals talk in books).  The story is somewhat sad close to the end but it has a very good moral.   It could  teach children about losing a friend to death.
B000002UB3|5.0|Abbey Road is one of the Beatles best albums.  Every song on it is good and is built to perfection.  Every time I listen to Abbey Road I feel intrigued by the many styles of music used.  I am especially appalled at  the songs from &quot;You Never Give Me Your Money&quot; to &quot;The  End&quot;.  It is great the way that they are all connected.  I believe  that Abbey Road is one of the finest albums ever made.  This is a must for  Beatles fans or anyone who likes good music!
B000002MFQ|5.0|This was a modernized variation of the original Tubular Bells.  It has more rock and harmonry in it and more power and emotionalism to it.  Its truly a great CD and I would recommend this to anyone.  You won't be  dissappointed!
B00000JCOV|5.0|If you are looking for something that grabs you way down there, look no more. Slipknot takes you on a journey of torture and non-stop militant lyrics that'll make you feel like you've lost your sanity. Beginning with  tracks such as &quot;Sic&quot; to the gut-wrenching song,  &quot;Prosthetics&quot; this voyage through the rotten depths of life make  you feel like there is an answer to life's meaning, and it is Slipknot.  &quot;... This is a different sort of wildlife. This is Slipknot.&quot;
B000002KDO|5.0|Every track is great. It's because of albums like this that Black Sabbath (original lineup) can still fill stadiums 20 years after Ozzy left. This CD, along with &quot;Paranoid&quot;,  will keep them on the music map  indefinitely
B00001ZWTT|2.0|Just saw WWW on dvd and am I glad I rented it.  I could be more generous and give an added star due to its DVD content. It's quite a lot. But the biggest problem lies on the story.  It goes nowhere.  Its simple premise of  Loveless trying to overthrow the US Government became so stale halfway that  it seems Sonnenfeld decided to put a lot of action scenes (dull, by the  way) to lengthen the film.  Will Smith and Kevin Kline seems to try as hard  as they can to cherish their parts but you can tell they know this movie's  not going anywhere but down.  The fx were incredible though, especially the  giant mechanical spider.  Problem is too much effects with no story can be  compared to a book with a great cover but no substance.  Kenneth Branagh as  Loveless was pretty good but his talents, among others, were wasted due to  an attempt to make a big summer blockbuster.
B000002UAU|5.0|In 1967, this album came out.  It was heralded then as the best album of all time, and, just recently, one top honours at Amazon.com's poll of &quot;Greatest Albums Of The Millenium&quot;.  It started with an idea Paul  had for a song called &quot;Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band&quot;.   He went and told George Martin and they got to talking and Paul came up  with the idea that the whole album be as if it were by this band.  Not the  Beatles, but Sgt. Pepper's band.  George Martin liked the idea and the  first concept album took off from there.  There isn't much of a concept  though.  Other than the fact that this &quot;band&quot; is playing all  these songs, few of them have anything to do with each other.  Still, this  is a great album and it is one of the Beatles best.
006017322X|5.0|This is one of my all time favorite book as well as my favorite movie.  I think that those of us who have read the book love the fact that narrator as well as one of the main characters is a little girl named Scout.  The  story is seen through her eyes and this makes the book more enjoyable as  well as easy to understand.  Sometimes she's funny and witty, other times  she's very intelligent and through out the story she's just trying to  understand the world around her.   Atticus Finch, Scouts father, is a  wonderful character because he shows his love and respect for  his children  as well as for everyone else.  He shows he has moral values rather than  social ones when he defends a black man being accused of having raped a  white women.  This shows that no matter how bad or how wrong things are,  there is always someone willing to stand up for what they believe, and that  there are good people  in the world.  This took alot of courage on  Atticus's part considering they lived in the South.  And although he loves  both his children dearly, he seems to have a special bond with Scout.  He  teaches her that a person doesn't really understand someone else until  they've walked in their shoes.  That is excellent advice no matter who you  are or how old.  What is also highly interesting, and  very original to  this story, is the mystery behind Boo Radley.  He's one of the main  characters in the story yet he never really appears in person.  In the  first half of the story the children talk so much about him that they make  jokes and at some points make him sound like a monster, not knowing that in  the end he's the one who saves the day. I believe that what I love the most  of this story is that it isn't a love story or an action/adventure kind of  story, but one that tells the experiences that all of us can learn from.  They're experiences we see happen sometime in our lives.  Justice and  injustice, prejudice in the society we live in, and courage and respect for  other human beings.  Anyone and everyone can relate and learn from this  story, this is why it's a wonderful story for anyone to enjoy.
B000002KFJ|5.0|This album marks the high water mark of what Sabbath were to achieve. The opening 3 tracks will blow you away, &quot;Megalomania&quot;and &quot;The Writ&quot; are masterpieces, &quot;Supertzar&quot; is bizarre. Probably the  weakest track is &quot;Am I going Insane&quot;, but that's just because  it's too much synth for me. This should definitely be marked an  &quot;essential recording&quot;. Get it!
B000003S0P|5.0|Ahh, the majesty of the Crims.  I became a fan at a time when it was neither popular nor profitable to be a prog-rock fan - the late Eighties - and I got to this album quite late.  I've still never heard In The Wake of  Poseidon.  But Red is surely the technical and emotional summit of early  Crim - the crashing drums, the vicious riffing, even the occasional good  song.  Starless is of course the centrepiece, and while the middle part of  it isn't so much a piece of music as an exercise in patience, it's worth it  for the overwhelming relief of the finale.  I'll always be a little fonder  of Starless and Bible Black, but only cause it was the first KC album I  heard; my ears tell me that Red is the jewel in the king's crown.  If you  like loud guitars you'll love it.
B00001ZULV|3.0|This release is obviously the record co.doing. It seems with the flop of 'Calling all Stations' they're not waiting for the existing Genesis to release their new effort...may as well give us a latter genesis  compilation! The saving grace is the remake of &quot;Carpet Crawlers&quot;  It's nice to hear Gabriel with them again (mmm...sounds a lot like  Phil! ) I remember reading once when Phil took over that he sounded more  like Gabriel then Gabriel himself...hence his move into the lead spot. A  reunion would be terrific. This CD is predictable 'cos these are recent  overplayed radio songs and not a true compilation of what REALLY made  genesis a unique band. Nevertheless it's the Genesis that is most well  known and, they're good songs anyway.
0385484518|5.0|The summer after my high school graduation I was wondering why I felt as though something was missing.  My view of life had become that of Mitch's, fast paced.  In my rush to go on my senior trip and off to college I had  forgotten the true meaning of family and friendship.  Before leaving for  school a dear friend gave me this book.  As I began reading, I could not  stop.  Tuesdays With Morrie portrays the true meaning of life in such  clarity that made me want to reach out to people (family and friends) of  whom I had not been as close to as I would have liked.  This book taught me  to open my heart to people I hold dear and to consider dear my 'enemies' as  well.  It doesn't matter if you are rich or poor, you truly only need to  love and to allow yourself to be loved.  When ever I feel as though I'm  losing touch with the importance of my life, I begin to read this book.   Immediately after putting the book down I alway want to call my parents.  They are the people closest to me and they are also the people who have  made me and will continue to make me who I am yet to become (like Morrie  and his father, mother, and step-mother).  I do however find it a shame  that Morrie did infact die, yet he made his death our inspiration.  The  lessons taught in this book are beautiful and I hope his book continues to  guide me in my trying times. Allow it to guide you through your life, and  pass on the book to a loved one.
B000002UAU|5.0|Facial hair... on the Beatles?  Well that's what they adorned on the cover of this album, and it was a precursor that they were moving away from their public and musical image.<br />The album on the whole has been at the top of  everyone's all-time lists, for Greatest and Worst.  I believe it is safe to  say that it's a &quot;love it or hate it&quot; album.  I'll try to break it  down so you can decide if you love it or hate it.<br />The music on this album  is for the most part upbeat and fun.  The messages may at first appear too  sappy for some but on a second careful listen, people will notice the  LYRICS suggest some morbid images.  &quot;Day in the Life&quot; mentions  many &quot;unhappy&quot; thoughts as well as &quot;Getting Better&quot;  ironically.  &quot;She's Leaving Home&quot; provides sweet sadness as well  to offset the upbeat tempo of the album.<br />This was a time when they had  just quit touring and were devoting their time to the studio.  This was a  time when &quot;Strawberry Fields Forever&quot; and &quot;Penny Lane&quot;  were recorded.  Up to this point, every Beatles single in the UK went to  #1.  &quot;Strawberry Fields Forever&quot; peaked at #2.  One can see why.   &quot;Strawberry&quot; was out there for people at the time and unlike  anything the public had heard, let alone from the Beatles.  This  experimental unique approach carried over to Sgt. Pepper.<br />The music on  Pepper may not seem as ground-breaking to people now than it did in 1967.   Many people can't hear the great influence maybe because it's been  overhyped.  Nonetheless, don't go thinking this will change your world.  If  it was 1967, it might.  But it's 1999, and we've heard music evolve way too  much (mostly due to The Beatles) for Sgt. Pepper to move us.  Have  realistic expectations, and you will be pleased.<br />On the whole, nearly  every song on this album is a classic.  Music is happy while lyrics suggest  otherwise at times.  Combination of the two will makeyou think, just like  the cover.  It has a unique sound that you will identify immediately with  the album.  I've heard people say certain songs sound like &quot;Sgt.  Pepper.&quot;  That's how strong of an identity this album has.  If that's  what you're looking for, pick it up.  You may actually put it on your  greatest ever list.
B00000GV55|5.0|One of the nicer things about the Nineties has been the way so many long-deleted records by bands you were dying to listen to have come back into stock.  This is the original mix of Henry Cow's first album Leg End  (it's a joke - look at the sock - leg end - geddit?) because the earlier CD  version was apparently remixed in a way that fans objected to.  The sound  here, anyway, is crisp and clean and acoustic, as the delightfully earnest  young men of Henry Cow power their way through their deeply unlikely tunes.   Apart from some embarrassing lyrics by Tom Hodgkinson (referring to  Gertrude Stein as the &quot;mama of Dada&quot; is glib but inaccurate), the  playing is great and there's some evil improvising.  Highlight is the  rousing Teenbeat, perhaps the closest the Cow ever got to having an anthem.   Great stuff.  Plus a booklet, with some funny photos of this least  glamorous of bands onstage.
0880381736|5.0|This Book is an absolute must-own and a must-read at least once a year.  The characters of the dragonlance chronicles are rich deep and have full background that only a role-playing based story could provide.  The world  of Krynn suported by the world of AD&amp;D creates an absolute epic story  of fantasy and lore.  This is by far my favorite novel (all three books).
0800135954|4.0|The movie was good, let's face it Anthony Hopkins don't do bad movies and I think Brad Pitt is gorgous but Pitt's character (Tristan) was a bit too consistent. Come on, everyone on earth is a contradiction of who the are  and Tristan should have been as well. But that's what make it a Hollywood  movie. Anyway the movie was worthy seeing, go see it.
0767830547|5.0|I have to admit I didn't enjoy Taxi Driver when I first saw it.  I thought it was slow, grainy, and dull at times.  <br />Like many of Kubrick's films though, it's a movie you really have to see twice in order to appreciate  it.  The screenplay is truly one of a kind and you'll never see such a  character study ever.  Travis Bickle will go down as one of the most  dynamic characters in cinema.<br />I believe this is Scorsese's finest piece  of directing.  Take a look at his subtle camera movements and you will  really notice how a normal scene is enhanced by his slight touches.<br />If  you are not familiar with this film, let me tell you that it's a raw,  gritty character study that takes place in the most hellish parts of New  York.  It's not your typical story and most people will find it disturbing  or &quot;weird.&quot;  <br />If you don't like these kinds of movies, don't  buy this.  However, if you love great dialogue, character studies,  directing, and a fantastic music score, pick up Taxi Driver and watch it  more than once.  You'll discover the genius each time.  Although it was  made in the late 70's, it's still fresh and exciting.
B000003S0F|1.0|Crim-loving friends of mine assure me that this album is a misunderstood masterpiece.  I understand it perfectly well, and it's an embarrassment, quite the worst Crimson album ever and only not a trial to sit through  because it's so boring.  The lyrics are among the drivellingest Peter  Sinfield ever committed to paper, the musicianship is no more than  competent (Fripp's much-praised solo on Sailor's Tale sounds to me like  uninspired thrashing fed through a reverb to make it sound more tortured)  and the vague gestures towards classicism are frankly amateurish.  In fact  the only pleasure to be regularly received from Islands is the comforting  delusion that one could have done better oneself.  Strange that, two years  later, this band was one of the best in the world.
1559408898|3.0|While not up to the standard of other dvd releases in terms of bonus features(i.e.director commentary)one can realize on other futuristic epics such as Dark City or Blade Runner,this version of Robocop is well worth  owning for the unbridled brilliant satire and vision. Enjoy.
6303020089|5.0|&quot;The Fugitive&quot; is what many adventure films wish they could be:  Well-directed, finely casted, intelligently written.  Never have I sat through a film that engulfs its viewer on a manhunt while the pursued  voraciously searches for evidence to prove his innocence in the shadow of  his beautiful wife's murder.  Harrison Ford and Tommy Lee Jones are  stunning and captivating in their respective roles.  Though they are on the  opposite ends of the law, you root for them nevertheless because somewhere  in the film the real criminal basks in his &quot;perfect&quot;  crime.<br />Thank goodness Harrison Ford was casted into this role as the  wrongly-accused Dr. Richard Kimble.  He should've been the first choice  considered over conceited and self-absorbed Alec Baldwin.  Baldwin was  originally casted before Ford, but ostentatiously withdrew believing  &quot;The Fugitive&quot; was a go-nowhere role for his so-called career.  Shows how much he knows.  Ford has far more appeal and true connection with  a film going audience and succeeds at gaining sympathy and respect in his  hunt of the real culprit.<br />&quot;The Fugitive&quot; was deservedly  nominated for a Best Picture Oscar, and though it did not garner the  prestigious award, the film is a masterfully well-crafted film only  intelligent director Andrew Davis could weave together.  Could he be our  next Alfred Hitchcock?  Hopefully so.  &quot;The Fugitive&quot; is a  worthy and excellent addition to your video/DVD collection!
B000031XCR|1.0|This is the worst album of 1999... It just gives me headache. Celine Dion had  shown some musical talent in 'Falling Into You' but now... it's feels that she is just a women with loud voice. I think Britney Spears can sing  like her if she had some vocal lessons. The new Diane Warren song ( I  forgot the title) is just OK... but that's all...
0812589041|5.0|When i first walked into the local bookstore to buy ender's game, i thought i was going to get another 300 or so page run of the mill sci-fi novel. BOY WAS I WRONG! I started the book at around noon that day, during  programmming class, much to the dismay of my camp councelor, who was trying  to teach me something. After the first 10 pages, i wasnt even listening, i  was soooooo caught up in the book. that novel has a magnetic power to it,  its so good you cant put it down until you finish it, and even then, you  wish you could keep reading, because you liked it so much. If your sitting  in your chair reading this, thinking, he's just patronizing the book, email  me at soren9580@pacbell.net, because if a book like this goes unread by a  person, the person misses a chance for an amazing experience to be gained.
B00000AFFI|5.0|This woman rocks! I've been listening to angry indie chick rock for years now, and Is This Desire? is the absolute, uncontested best CD of the year, if not the past decade. It's such a departure from her last albums, yet the  raw intensity--the power--of her music has never been more apparent.
B00000JCB2|4.0|I'm not a fan of every single song on this album, but some I can't get enough of: &quot;just like this&quot;, &quot;nookie&quot;,&quot;break stuff&quot;, and (the best of all),  &quot;n 2 gether now&quot;.
B000002BVN|5.0|This is the reason why I don't listen to the critics. I bought this album 2 weeks ago, and I think it's great. I don't care so much about the remixes, but the five new songs are DA BOMB, especially Morphine. I've been  trying so long to come up with a dance to it. Thank you Michael for making  such a wonderful album. Can't wait to hear your new one coming out next  millenium.
B00002MZ4W|5.0|Fiona is definitely more confident with her music, and that is evident in this album.  The songs are more bold, and leave quite an impression.  Not as quiet as Tidal, but not over-blown either.
B000002B35|3.0|Okay, no more 'Roger, where are you?' hoopla. Let's get down to it - the lyrical creativeness is gone. The music still stands. Gilmour, Wright and Mason are great musicians. If this is the version of Floyd we must live  with for the rest of our lives, I can handle it.<br />But, if we have to put  up with the pattern of a new studio cd once every seven years and a  mega-stadium tour and a postcard live cd to go with, I must soon bow out as  a Floyd fan. This cd is just a bad, dim reflection of their latest tunes  and a completely missed lay-up of their old material. If I want to hear  DSOtM, I will play the '73 release, not their weak revival of it live. If  you need any confirmation, listen to 'On the Run'. Or 'Any Colour You  Like'. The only ones they bring anywhere close to home is 'Time', 'Speak to  Me' and 'Breathe'. 'Money' is an immediate hit-the-skip-button.<br />Bottom  line: Save your money on this one. Wait for a new cd (if it ever happens)  and tour.
B00000JCB2|5.0|This CD is just the bomb!  I personally like it alot better than their first CD &quot;Three Dollar Bill Ya'll&quot;.  If you have a nice stereo in your car and you like to crank up something on the way to work, this is the  CD for you.  You've all heard Nookie I'm sure, but I like all the songs on  here, I can't seem to find a weak song at all.  The song with Jonathon  Davis and Scott Weiland is awesome!  I started out being a Korn freak, but  now I'm leaning more towards Limp Bizkit's sound.  I pretty much only  listen to Korn or Limp Bizkit anymore though.  Get &quot;Significant  Other&quot;.  You won't be dissapointed, especially if you want to be deaf  by the age of 25, because I promise you will crank this CD!  While you're  at it, get Korn's &quot;Issues&quot; too.
B00000JCOV|5.0|Slipknot have a great major label debut on their hands. They blend a multitude of genres to create one hard, relentless sound. Much more daring and interesting than any release by Korn or Limp Bizkit, Slipknot is a  solid album for any fan of heavy music.
0767836286|5.0|Alot of people didnt like this film because of the bad guys win ending but you have to realize that there are so many battles of good and evil good has got to lose a few. Sorry folks but THEY can win and often do in real  life. Also it is foolish and neive to think this sort of thing could not  happen.
B00000JY1X|5.0|The best current pop songwriter has outdone himself with a full three disc set of tunes.  Sure, you can throw out about 10 songs, but what you have left is simply astounding.  The musical ground he covers here is immense,  and nearly everything he tries connects.  Easily the record of the year,  and a must have for pop music fans.
6305013578|1.0|This movie is a touch stone for sci-fi and social commentary on modern society.<br />The transfer is the absolutely worst one they could have used!  It was a silent movie, watch it that way! . It is also the  shortest version available at 83 mins (the original was 139 mins).<br />I got  it because of its importance to me as a film maker, not for the technical  merits of the transfer to DVD, which looks worse than the VHS dub I had!
B000002GJ7|5.0|Extreme's &quot;Pornograffiti&quot; is one of the best Rock 'n Roll albums that I have ever heard. Nuno Bettencourt's guitar playing is simply outstanding, capturing the sound of bands like Van Halen and Poison, among  others, and taking it to the next technical level.  Just as importantly,  Gary Cherone's lyrics and vocals are great. Songs like &quot;Decadence  Dance&quot; and &quot;Money (In God We Trust)&quot; are wonderfully  satirical and point out the misguidedness of our culture.  &quot;Pornograffiti&quot; is now even more relevant as we have become  saturated with sex and pornography. On the other hand, songs like &quot;IT  ('s a Monster),&quot; &quot;More Than Words,&quot; and &quot;Hole  Hearted&quot; point us in another direction--in search of wholeness and  relationship. The album is both musically sophisticated and lyrically  sound. It's intelligent!
0137549202|5.0|I am a ee undergraduate,and I took the course DSP after I took courses like complex variables differential equations,and signal &amp;systems(another wonderful book  by Oppenheim).This DSP book covers  many fundamental concepts along with applications. And the exercises at the  end of each chapter  definitely help readers to fully understand the  theories and applications.
B0000025T6|5.0|This is a hard album to take at first - it is pessimistic and bleak for the most part. But it is also perhaps the most hauntingly honest album Bruce has ever recorded. This album was quite a stunner - no one was  expecting this after an album like The River, and for this Bruce is to be  especially lauded. Many people, even so called die-hard Springsteen fans  can't see the greatness of this album - perhaps because it is so fixated on  death and defeat, or perhaps because it is more folk than the  happy-go-lucky rock they prefer.  Get this and be prepared to be blown  away. I've been listening to this for well over 15 years, and it still  moves me to no end.
6304795254|5.0|This movie was great, very intense and mind boggling. its well worth it to buy it.
B00001U0DP|5.0|Firstly, why do some critics seem to think this was laughing at the Holocaust? Anyone with half a brain can see this was concentrating far more on the love between father and son and the lengths some go to protect the  ones they love. This really is a deeply effective film that is very funny  and deeply sad. If you dogmatically hold to Hollywood plot construction and  devices, you'll no doubt be confused. It's true that the film is in two  parts in narration, but that really doesn't effect the feeling. Also,  Benigni uses surrealism to a certain degree to illustrate his point. It's  quite ironic that the critics who have denounced this film have applauded  amoral films like Pulp Fiction and Silence Of The Lambs which seem to  glamourise their subject matter.
1884822312|2.0|I have to disagree with some of the previously posted reviews here.  While this book is quite good for beginner/intermediate players (under 1700), it's really quite useless for more advanced players.  Luckily, Laszlo  Polgar has written two further books in the same format as this one for  more advanced players.  The titles are &quot;Chess Middlegames&quot; and  &quot;Chess Endgames&quot;, and both have over 4000 positions to play  through.  Moreover, the great majority of these positions are not one move  solutions, but full-length (up to 30 moves) game continuations.  The best  way to learn chess is through pattern recognition, and Mr. Polgar has done  a great job in his other books.  I have yet to see this book on amazon.com,  hope they have it soon.  Until then, however, the only place to get it is  at the chesstalk.com website.  By the way, I'm a strong expert class  player, so my comments are geared towards other players of similar  strength.
B00000IOSU|5.0|listening to her wonderful, spiritual voice when i fist hear the CD was amazing. She is such a great artist/poet/songwriter/singer that anyone who does not like her is seriously ill. This is a wonderful uplifting CD and i  suggest that everyone should have it!
B00003003R|5.0|I went straight to the classics to see how this CD holds up and i was impressed. Having heard that GNR isn't any good live may be true, but not here. November rain, dont cry, estranged, paradise city and patience are  all spectacular. The others are a mixed lot. Some makes you feel like your  there at the concert and others are average. There wasnt any that were bad  so its a solid album. I should take off a star for not adding a couple new  songs after all these years but you cant have it all i guess.
B00000J7JO|4.0|Guitarist John Frusciante is back for this release, and while some ignortantly say Dave Navarro was better, the majority will agree that John is the one who just plain &quot;belongs&quot;. I didn't like the new sound  of their last album, One Hot Minute, but John's welcome presence is felt in  their latest CD. Bittersweet melodies like &quot;Scar Tissue&quot; (the  lyrics are &quot;With the birds I share this lonely view&quot; for those  wondering), &quot;Road Trippin'&quot;, and the FLAWLESS  &quot;Californication&quot; highlight this worthy collection of songs by  Kiedis and company. &quot;Savior&quot; and &quot;Easily&quot; also stand  out. The album's glaring weakness is a few songs that were seemingly  slapped in at the last minute. These songs, namely -- &quot;I Like  Dirt&quot;, &quot;Right on Time&quot;, &quot;Get on Top&quot;, and maybe  some others -- add nothing to the album as a whole and revert back to past  releases and leave me thinking, &quot;Hasn't this been done?&quot;  Nonetheless, the RHCP capitalize enough on what works to make this CD worth  its dollar amount.
1573225517|5.0|having just devoured &quot;High Fidelity&quot; at break-neck pace, i feel compelled to type a few lines in support of this grand novel.  i found myself re-living my great disappointments in the relationship dept. and  like Rob (the central character) music has become a buoy to keep me from  going over the edge.  never before has such a novel hit home as to what i'm  doing wrong with my relations with women.  <br />and just for the record (no  pun intended) it was an ex-lover who lent me the book to read.  fancy that.
B00000IPAX|5.0|...really can make a difference when listening to a band's latest album and comparing it to an old one. And if the small things make a difference, the BIG things spell nothing but &quot;change&quot;. And the change is for  the better with Blink 182's latest release. Sure, call them sellouts (you  know you'd sellout if given the opportunity), but what the band has  produced here is cleaner pop-punk rock with a sound that hasn't smashed the  Top 25 until now (give them SOME credit). The bottom line is, I have all 3  CDs and this is equally as good as the others. I like to see a band change  rather than making no new strides over their career. Highlights of this CD  are &quot;Going Away to College&quot;, &quot;Don't Leave Me&quot;,  &quot;Aliens Exist&quot;, &quot;Anthem&quot;, &quot;Adam's Song&quot;...and  oh yeah...EVERY SONG ON THE ALBUM! It's well put together...and if you  can't except the changes they've made, don't listen to them anymore. With  all the new fans they've acquired, they won't miss you for a second.
B000001Y16|5.0|This is one of Pac's best. It is easy to tell that he was very angry with many people, who are mentioned in many of the songs throughout the album. This is definitly a different side of Tupac that many listeners may not  have known of. But he definitly makes it clear and gets his point across,  if you listen to evey word very close.
B000002KBH|5.0|I would venture to guess that more people were lured into the magical, maniacal world of the Grateful Dead through American Beauty than any other way.  More times than I can count, I've seen a non-Deadhead listen to this  album, be blown away, and slowly join the rest of us in our nirvana.   American Beauty features lyrical, complex songs and straight-forward  American Folk music.  &quot;Ripple&quot; may be the most beautiful song  ever written.  &quot;Box of Rain&quot; is funny and poignant.  And I dare  you not to break into a huge grin during &quot;Sugar Magnolia.&quot;  While  this is a much different Grateful Dead from what you saw in concert, it is  equally glorious.
B000005Z0G|4.0|This is one hell of an aggressive, as well as a controversial Cd. It is a bit better than tupacalypse, but still not as good as all eyes on me. The way he put things into words on this Cd just shows his talent and how he  was light years ahead of everyone else.
B00000J6AG|4.0|There are songs on this album that are among the best I have heard in years.  They are classics and will still be played and enjoyed 25 years from now.  I count &quot;Bodyrock,&quot; &quot;Why Does My Heart Feel So  Bad&quot; and &quot;Find My Baby&quot; among them.  The superb songwriting,  sampling and musicianship on these songs will appeal to both hardcore  techno/ambient fans and more traditional rock/pop fans.<br />Unfortunately,  there are a few mediocre tracks that force me to give it only four stars.   A little editing, and this would have been a near-perfect five-star 13-song  album.  Still, this is a must-have for any music fan.
B00003003R|5.0|This CD was due for many years. GNR has so many good songs that they need to put them all on one album. I grew up listening to GNR; I rememeber when I was 7 years old and Appetite came out! I listened to them untill after  Illusion 2, then I stopped.I then turned to Gangsta Rap. When I heard that  this album was coming out I got out all the GNR CDs and tapes and started  listening to them again. This Live CD has most of the best songs that they  ever produced, and they are all live! If you love GNR i suggest you get  this. It brings back great memories and good rock n roll!
B00003003S|5.0|Man I've been waiting for a while on a good rock album; although I've heard all of these songs before, they kick a$$ live.  Slash is a guitar god and his band (snakepit) will further the work from the old gnr days.
B00000163G|5.0|This is a masterpiece. This is not just a typical rap album, it is the first DD and every song is great. There is no skipping around. It is great for stereo systems; great bass lines. It has great rappers in it such as  DRE, Snoop, Method Man, Red Man, George Clinton, Kurupt,and Richie Rich. It  is one of them that you can just listen to over and over agian. I think it  is the best rap album ever made. It also is definitly a west coast album;  it is easy to tell just listen to the beats and the lyrics.
0553275976|1.0|But it falls flat in the 90's.  I grew up in NYC during the 80's and I remember the fear and the bizarre crimes that took place then so I understood the climate that the book was written in but Tom Wolfe just  dragged everything out to the point that I had to simply  skim it to get  through it.<br />I know many people loved this book but I really felt it was  dated and the writing was bland.
0553108034|5.0|Of all the fantasy series I read in the last years this is the most exciting and thrilling one. A real masterpiece for the genre: epic, honor, violence, human feelings, lust and evil mixed up. A brand new  interpretation of classic fantasy style, a sort of new writing philosophy  of genre. Martin is the Heir of the Kingdom after Tolkien, Eddings,  Williams, Jordan and Goodkind. Can't wait too long for the next book.
B00000AFFF|5.0|It is very rare when all of the planets align so perfectly to create pop magic.  If you love pop music, this is the CD for you.  You will never tire of listening to the wonderful melodies and heartfelt lyrics and haunting  vocals.  After hearing music so perfect, one can only hope that this is the  first of many colaborations of these two musical geniuses.  This beautiful  CD is easily the best release of 1999.
0782006809|5.0|I love Cary Grant in comedies, and ditto for Doris Day. This is one of the best comedies either of them did. Audrey Meadows is wonderful, so funny, as Doris' roommate. Cary Grant is sexy, smooth and very good with subtle wit,  as always. Doris is lively and loveable. My teenage daughter and I enjoyed  very much watching this together. I like to revisit this movie for a good  laugh when I'm a bit down. Lifts me right up.
6305627347|1.0|Given the success of their weekly TV series, it was natural that South Park creators Trey Parker and Matt Stone would make a South Park feature film.  However, one wishes they had not, for this film suffers from even  less intelligence and greater insipidity than their series.<br />The plot,  such as it is, involves a war that breaks out between the US and Canada  over a movie starring the show's resident cartoon-within-a-cartoon  characters, Terrence &amp; Phillip.  Within this plot comes what has  mysteriously been called a brilliant social satire.  Brilliant is is not;  all but totally incoherent it absolutely is.  Parker and Stone attack  literally anything and everything, and about the only coherency to be found  is a despicable hatred of those who hold reasonable standards of taste and  decency.<br />It is typical of the chutzpah that motivates Parker and Stone,  self-proclaimed &quot;artists&quot; who insult, belittle, and offend at  will and react with fury when criticized - when the film was released Stone  had the temerity to author a syndicated column attacking movie ratings, as  though they somehow were stiffling to his artistic ambitions.<br />This, of  course, is laughable - funnier, in fact, than anything in South Park.   Parker and Stone do not - indeed, will not - grasp the reality that  subtlety and nuance, not shock value, is what makes comedy timeless.   Remember Beavis and Butthead?  You don't?  Of course you don't, because  they were entirely dependent on tasteless shock value to get laughs -  subtlety and nuance were nowhere to be found.  Now, remember Steve Martin?   Chances are you do, because he understood subtlety and nuance, and could  tone down his act when necessary without hurting the act's integrity.   <br />Parker and Stone refuse to understand this, and it is why South Park  will not outlast anything.  The title should have been South Park: Smaller,  Shorter, and Unfunny.
6305627401|2.0|If you are a died in the wool S.P lover...buy this...If you are not familiar with S.P....watch the T.V shows instead....NOT the greatest and at times very long and drawn out/campy......
6305665680|4.0|Though my opinion of Clint Eastwood has lowered with the revelations in Sondra Locke's book, there is no disputing his abilities as an actor and director.  One of his finest efforts comes in Firefox, Eastwood's taut,  exciting adaptation of Craig Thomas' 1975 novel.<br />Eastwood plays Mitchell  Gant, a burned-out Air Force Vietnam vet who is first seen jogging in the  Alaskan wilderness.  Gant occassionally suffers from bouts of Delayed  Stress Syndrome - shown when, as an Air Force helicopter approaches his log  cabin home, he flashes back to a harrowing experience of being shot down,  captured by Communist soldiers, and being rescued.<br />Mitchell Gant's battle  shock, though, is of little concern to the CIA and British MI6, for they  want him for the most audacious intelligence mission yet.  The titular  Firefox is a Soviet superplane, capable of Mach Six, invisible to radar  tracking, and possessing thought-controlled weaponry.  Mitchell Gant's job  - steal it.<br />But to get to it he must be infiltrated into Russia and  ferried from Moscow to a Red airbase in the Urals, Bilyarsk.  The first  half of the film takes up the painstaking task by NATO's Russian contacts  to infiltrate Gant to Bilyarsk and the efforts of the KGB detatchment  assigned to Firefox security to figure out their plan and stop them.   <br />Along the way Eastwood extracts quality performances from the huge cast  assembled, notably from Kenneth Colley (Admiral Piett in the Star Wars  films) as KGB Colonel Kontarsky.  There is some excellent interplay between  Gant and the various Russians willing to die to betray the country that has  destroyed their lives, most notably when the Firefox project head, Dr.  Baranovich, explains why he doesn't resent &quot;the men in London who are  ordering me to die&quot; to a thoroughly puzzled Gant.<br />The second half of  the film involves a dazzling aerial chase as Gant pilots the Firefox  through the world's largest, most powerful air defense.  The SFX work is  excellent as John Dyxstra (from Star Wars, Battlestar Galactica, and the  later Batman films) uses ultra-high-speed aerial footage to present a  splendid view of Mach Two-plus speeds.  Gant encounters missiles and  eventually a second Firefox (piloted by Kai Wulff as the project's test  pilot Yuri Voskov).  The ensuing chase is among the finest in film, from  thousands of feet in the sky to mere hundreds of feet from the ground.  My  favorite part is the admittedly implausible chase through a narrow Arctic  canyon at Mach Two or more - yeah, it can't be done by jet fighters in real  life, but it's still too good to pass up.<br />In all, Firefox remains a  classic of the spy and sci-fi genres.
0380973464|5.0|I enjoyed the work immensely, and I find some of the criticisms in of the book to be puzzling.  For instance, one reviewer admonishes the fact checking of the book, declaring that the S.A.S. didn't exist as part of the  British military during W.W.II.  Well, of course it did, so perhaps a  return to the history book would do themselves some good.  Don't take too  much stock in the poo pooers, if you want an intelligent and enthralling  tale, it's worth the effort.
B00000I8BX|1.0|This band puts out nothing but bland uninspiring music. The lead singer shows signs of talent, but refuses to use it. Instead he just tries to growl through the whole album. I got rid of this cd cause it was so lame.  Don't make the same mistake I did.
B00000K19E|5.0|'Matrix' is extraordinary movie. It let me think about my own life. It's not a secret that sometimes some things, some events happens like someone the higher has determined them. May be is it that who we are called  Good?  This movie motivates imagination. I recommend to watch it everyone. I'm  waiting for the next part with impatience. Keanu is perfect like always.
6303122647|5.0|great movie, danny elfman is a genius in the music and movie business.  his talents should be brought back to life.
0385493800|4.0|John Grisham has done it again.  Written a book that keeps the reader turning the pages.  I refer of course to the Testament.
B000002UAF|5.0|This overlooked gem is actually one of the finest albums the band made. The songwriting by Lennon & McCartney (with John the dominant voice and one assumes main songwriter)is top notch. In many respects, this soundtrack  album is a watershed moment for the band. The songs are all consistently  strong, the singing and playing outstanding and there is a clear  progression over the first two releases.<br /><br />George Martin wisely keeps his  production touches subtle. One of the best moments is the double solo on  the title track with Martin playing piano and George Harrison matching the  solo with his guitar.<br /><br />The only complaint is that this, along with the  other early albums, would have benefited from bonus tracks from singles and  b sides. Although it makes more money for EMI to put them on another CD  (the first Beatles singles collection), it makes artistic sense to include  them. Such tracks as I Feel Fine and She's A Woman would have fit in well  with these songs. Since the band frequently would experiment on their  singles (like the feedback opening on I Feel Fine--which contrary to rumor  was not an accident)and, later, integrate those experiments into their  albums.
B00000K0EA|5.0|This has to be the best Bond ever, certainly the best performance by Brosnan in comparison to Goldeneye, which, though not bad, could have been better (especially the title track) and World is Not Enough, whose plot was  complicated and didn't flow as smoothly as did TMD.  The diabolical plot of  Elliott Carver is outlandish, which is what makes the movie so unique.  I  cannot imagine how so many people actually dared compare this movie's plot  to that of Peacemaker (George Clooney), which was TERRIBLE and should not  even be mentioned in the same paragraph as Bond.  Another unique quality of  this film is that the female sidekick (Michelle Yeoh) can actually hold her  own instead of being babysitted around and helpless against the surrounding  perils, which too often is the case in Bond flicks.  The music was  excellent, especially the title tracks TMD &amp; Surrender; Dave Arnold did  a great job integrating the score with Monty's original James Bond theme.   For those who are thinking about not seeing this film because you've read  the reviews of people claiming it was a flop, think again, go watch it for  yourself and see how wrong those individuals were.  GREAT movie.
B00000K2W1|3.0|When I first got into Janis Joplin, I bought this CD. I must say it does do a good job of making you want MORE, but when I listened to the rest of the amazing music she had released, I felt connived by this CD. KOZMIC  BLUES, her all-time best album, gets ONE TRACK HERE! Come on! It does have  two live tracks from the IN CONCERT album, but there is more to like on  that album. Personally, I think 18 ESSENTIAL SONGS is way better because it  gives a more complete glance at her career, the entire spectrum from her  earliest recordings in 1965 to her last recording sessions in 1970. So I  would rather that new fans get that instead. Looking at the bonus tracks, I  have to laugh and say, &quot;That's it?&quot; &quot;Maybe&quot; is a good  song, but what about &quot;Kozmic Blues&quot; or &quot;Little Girl  Blue&quot; from the same album, KOZMIC BLUES? I still think the &quot;Ball  and Chain&quot; from the Full Tilt Boogie Band should be replaced by any  other version by Big Brother. It is too little Janis for a budding fan and  does not even come close to giving this great woman's music justice. 18  ESSENTIAL SONGS should do for any seriously curious music fan what this CD  doesn't.
B000005RTV|5.0|Aaahhh. In an effort to finally upgrade my old cassettes to CD, this disc was another must have. It had been too long since I heard this album.  Hey, my cassette of Battle Hymns had worn out. Classic tracks such as Death  Tone, Metal Daze, and Shell Shocked are what make this CD. Buy it!
B00003003R|5.0|when guns hit in late 80's they blew all the bands before them away.  Slash's blues rock guitar sound created great ballads like estranged, sweet child o mine, don't cry and the very known november rain. and you get the  metal in welcome to the jungle, you could be mine, nightrain just to name a  few any fan of guns n roses will love this album or if you have never heard  gnr this is a must have.
B000009QPE|5.0|A massive assault to your ears is what you will get with Slayer's Reign In Blood. An absolute must have, ranking in my all-time top ten metal discs. Non stop action. Personal faves-Angel of Death and Raining Blood.
B00000J2KX|3.0|This movie had so much potential if it would of stayed true to the book.  The book was by far the scariest book I have ever read.  I realize that movies can't include everything in the book but changing the ending was a  little to much.
B000005RTV|5.0|Aaahhh. In an effort to finally upgrade my old cassettes to CD, this disc was another must have. It had been too long since I heard this album.  Hey, my cassette of Battle Hymns had worn out. Classic tracks such as Death  Tone, Metal Daze, and Shell Shock are what make this CD. Buy it!
B000002HRE|4.0|Very cool CD - metallica is starting to go back to their older black album style, but it is still has a new feel. Most of the songs are great you can plug this one and listen to it striaght though.
B000021XS0|5.0|Perhaps I'm biased (Dream Theater is my favorite group), but I don't think that I've ever heard a concept album as focused or powerful as this one.  You really do need to sit down and just listen to it from beginning to end  and think about it (several times) to really appreciate this work.  What a  phenomenal piece of work.  It rocks, it has moments of profound emotion,  but most of all, it is brilliant throughout.  I highly recommend it.
0671004107|5.0|Not only is this book appealing to science-fiction readers, it also stays true to the Sagan tradition of relaying True Scientific information to most anyone, be it the next Stephen Hawkins, or the average human.
B00000J7J4|5.0|Rarely do I buy a CD that I love EVERY song on the entire CD. The latin touch...awesome guitar...and a variety of artists makes this CD one of the best! If you like Santanas guitar playing and the Latin style, you'll love  this CD!
B00002MZ4W|5.0|I really enjoyed Tidal and looked forward the Fiona's second cd. I was completely blown away when I first heard it, and I keep listening to it over and over. I like every single song- it has its own sound, with a lot  more depth and power than her previous cd. My favorite songs are  &quot;limp' and &quot;get gone&quot; but I love virtually every song for  the clever lyrics and stunning sound behind it. My only complaint is that  the cd is over before you know it! (about 43 minutes) Fiona's voice comes  out as velvetty, smooth at times and rough-hewed and beautifully caustic at  others... get &quot;When the Pawn&quot; if its the only cd you buy all  year.
B000006045|5.0|Who knew? This album is a classic. I had seen nothing but great reviews on this album and decieded to purchase it myself to see what all of the hype was about. Boy did I! I jammed this album several times before inviting  other heads to check it out. The response was so positive that I had to  write a reveiw on it for other hip-hop heads who might not know. 5 stars  easily!  Dont sleep.
B00002Z88D|5.0|This has got to be one of, if not the greatest, album Metallica has ever released. The songs have changed a slight bit, and a whole symphony was added to the mix. Metallica's playing sounds as good as ever, and the  symphony sounds like they were there when the songs were first written,  writting their parts along with the rest of the band. Michael Kamen, the  conductor, has done a wonderful job working into the songs. Metallica's  playing accentuates the symphony's playing, and the symphony's playing  accentuates Metallica's playing. Reading Mr. Kamen's introduction in the  cover book is a must for truly enjoying this two CD set. I can only imagine  what it would feel like to be there in concert. Only one thing pops into my  mind: sensory overload. If you are a Metallica fan, you must buy this CD.  It is well worth it, and Amazon's 5 star rating does it no justice.
B00002MZ2C|5.0|This is not what you would expect from Rage Against The Machine.  But, this is a great album and gets the deserving 5 stars award from me.
0060930349|1.0|I gave up after 757 pages of gritting my teeth and plowing through this muck. While it is fluidly written and very readable, the combination of extreme right wing propaganda, hyper-class consciousness typical of the  Brits and downright utter lies, often confounded within a few pages, is too  sickening to persist with.<br />When 'Mr' Johnson isn't falsly pumping one of  his heroes up (such as Calhoun, described as &quot;born a penniless  boy&quot; &amp; on the next page revealing his father as a tax-collector  serving for 30 years in the state legislature and owner of 31 slaves), he  is using every oratical trick to slur, smear and insult his ideological  enemies, notably FD Roosevelt - maligning him at every possible  opportunity, and basely insulting his assistants with no factual support,  just a litany of insulting terms and phrases. Add to this his casual and  overwhelming dismissal of any social movements he regards as wrong - such  as dismissing the people who fought against the sweatshops of the 1880's  and 1890's as 'muckrakers' and 'unAmerican': presumably 'Mr' Johnson would  prefer to see these working conditions reinstated - and you have a book  which is utterly worthless, as there is no way of knowing whether any  so-called fact he includes is correct, erroneous, or a deliberate  fabrication.<br />After reading most of this book, my honest opinion is that  if 'Mr' Johnson told me the sun was rising in the east, I would go and  check for myself rather than believing him.<br />One of the very few arguments  in favour of book burning - a fate I intend to consign my copy to, resigned  to the squandering of my hard earned cash.
6301942647|5.0|I saw this film about three years ago and have never forgotten it. It is one of my favorite films not only because of the settings but because the stories are wonderful. The stages of the Peach Tree is my favorite simply  because of the wonderful imagination it betrays. This truly is a  breath-taking film!
B000005J56|5.0|Thank you Ry Cooder for saving these wonderful people from extinction and giving them life again.  The first tract on the CD is one of my all time favorites, but when I saw the movie BuenaVista Social Club inflight the  tract &quot;Cinfuego Tiene Su Guaguanco&quot; had me literally dancing in  the aisle!  I am not Cuban but I ought to be!  This Cd will live forever as  a testament to the beauty of an ethnicity and culture that we may never see  again.  This CD is a history of a noble and dignified people and their life  in Cuba presented in their music.
0767830547|5.0|Taxi Driver is a classic with Robert De Niro. This is a must-see for De Niro, Scorsese, or just movie fans. This is what you call a fantasic movie.
0440219078|4.0|A great Book in which A boy in a socioty based on everything being the same finds out he is to be the next &quot;receiver of memories&quot; someone who bears memories so that the people are satisfied with what they have and don't want to be different.
0060254920|5.0|This book talks about how kid with a wild imagantion has to go to his room without dinner.  The story builds off the kids wild imagination and turns into a great story. This book is definitly a great book to buy for your  special young one.
6303985467|4.0|A masterpiece of low budget cinema - allegedy an inspiration to David Lynch for Eraserhead and Romero for Night of the Living Dead. I'm not sure if that's true but it certainly has similarities. I totally enjoyed this  film, spooky, wierd and dreamy.
B000002UYZ|1.0|Why not buy the Red Album? Becuase it contains the &quot;early&quot; beatles which is much like bubble gum music, becuase it has bad compilations of songs, becuase it is just plain bad! They forgot a lot of  classics including &quot;Till There Was You&quot;, &quot;I've Just Seen a  Face&quot; ,&quot;If I Fell&quot;, &quot;Think for Yourself&quot;,  &quot;Good day Sunshine&quot;, &quot;Tomorrow Never Knows&quot;. And no  biography or discography! buy the albums and live the beatles.
B00000JZC4|2.0|I bought this album after taking the advice of a friend and hearing &quot;Take a Picute&quot;. I admit that I did not know much of Filter at the time. Don't be fooled by &quot;Take a Picture&quot;, Filter is a  &quot;ROCK&quot; BAND. I enjoy track numbers 6,7,10,11 and this reflects my  music taste. If you like &quot;ROCK&quot;, Filter is the band for you.
0679777547|4.0|It's great, one of the best books I've read in many months, it kept me thinking to solve the mistery, and every time I re-read it keeps me intrigued. The only &quot;but&quot; is that the action happens in the 90s,  but when I began to read it, it seemed to be more properly in the late 60s  or early 70s, so it was a bit disappointing discover that everything  happened in our days.
B000002UAU|5.0|Under the influence of &quot;liberating&quot; mind-expanding drugs such as marijuana and LSD, the Beatles pioneered forms of encoding in their music beginning with the albums Rubber Soul  (1965) and Revolver(1966), which  subverted the happy realm of love ballads and R&amp;B covers in which they  had been confined in the night clubs of Liverpool and Hamburg and later in  the stadiums of America.  The Beatles' efforts to transcend and subvert the  confines of the industry and audience that had catapulted them to  demigod-hood and then spurned them when they acknowledged their status  (&quot;we're more popular than Jesus&quot;), and from which they retreated  by refusing to tour soon after Rubber Soul came out, culminated in the  towering pop classic Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band (1967).  In many  circles, Sgt. Pepper's remains the most exalted pop album in history, and  rightly so.  It is a classic depiction of numerous facets and facades of  fragmentary post-modern life, particularly life in England (Strawberry  Fields Forever and Penny Lane were originally slated for the album but  didn't make the cut), and offers various modes of escape from its confines.   Its front cover depicting a collage of human icons of twentieth-century  Western mass culture indicates the album's intent of describing the  pervasive influence of the British-American mass media on individual human  life (an issue that the Beatles struggled with after their enormous  success).  The repackaging of the group as the medicinal jug band  &quot;Sergeant Pepper's Lonely Heart's Club Band&quot; with its leader  &quot;Billy Shears&quot; underscores the playful and escapist mood of the  album on one level whilst also emphasizing the album's curative powers for  the &quot;lonely hearts&quot; out there in the imaginary audience.  In  their guise as &quot;Sgt. Pepper's Band,&quot; the Beatles offer many  homegrown remedies for the illnesses of post-modernity:  through drugs  ((&quot;I get high&quot;)(&quot;With a Little Help from My Friends&quot;),  psychedelic-induced poetic imagination (&quot;Lucy in the Sky with  Diamonds&quot; (LSD)), meditation and daydreaming (&quot;Fixing a  Hole&quot;), running away from home and family (&quot;She's Leaving  Home&quot;), false optimism (&quot;It's Getting Better&quot;), the circus  (&quot;For the Benefit of Mr. Kite&quot;), retirement planning and  vaudeville (&quot;When I'm Sixty Four&quot;), transcendental Asian  mysticism (&quot;Within You Without You&quot;), and casual sex  (&quot;Lovely Rita Meter Maid&quot;).  Indeed, the entire album may be read  as an acid trip, a journey into the subconscious dreamscape or fantasy  world, followed by a jolting return to reality.  After taking us through a  magical drug-laden dreamland of musical and lyrical modes of escape from  life's dull, depressing realities, the album ends with a cruel awakening or  &quot;come-down&quot; to the conditions of post-modern existence  (&quot;Good Morning&quot;), offering no clear answers (&quot;I've got  nothing to say but it's OK&quot;).  Following the Sgt. Pepper's  &quot;Reprise,&quot; which exits us from the &quot;show,&quot; the album  caps off with &quot;A Day in the Life,&quot; which describes the alienation  of the modern worker ant in mass urban society.  While John Lennon's three  verses use real newspaper stories to capture the psychological distancing  and numbing of the alienated British subject from the endless barrage of  episodic events projected by the nationalistic mass media of the British  press and film industries (&quot;the English army had just won the  war&quot;), Paul McCartney sums up the urban experience in one breathy  verse, sung to a thumping beat: &quot;Woke up, fell out of bed Dragged a  comb across my head Found my way downstairs and drank a cup And looking up,  I noticed I was late (pant pant pant pant) Found my coat, and grabbed my  hat Made the bus in seconds flat Found my way upstairs and had a smoke Andsomebody spoke and I went into a dream...&quot; In this verse, the worker  makes his way dazedly through the horizontal and vertical matrices of the  modern urban workday, aided by the socially acceptable pep drug of caffeine  in coffee or tea (another symbol of British imperialism), which elevates  his heartbeat and increases his breathing rate. Once he has made his way to  his temporary destination on the bus, he can then relax and fall back into  a dream state with the aid of &quot;a smoke,&quot; but not for long.    Lennon's final echoing call &quot;I'd love to turn you on,&quot; recalls  the message of former Harvard psychology professor Timothy Leary, whose  pioneering experimentation with the drug LSD in the 1960s led him to urge  his contemporaries to &quot;tune in, turn on, and drop out&quot; of mass  society.<br />        AF
B00002MZ4W|5.0|that I will always cherish...psychedelic music!  Despite her infamous incoherant ramblings at numerous awards shows (you know what I talking about)Fiona is one of the most talented artists in modern day music.  I  read a review of this album in JANE magazine, and the critic gave it one  star.  Um...I don't understand what that BS is about, but this is a great  album...read the lyrics and each time you will see the music.  And, I'm not  getting paid to say it.  I just wanna spread the richness of Fiona's gift!
B00003A9QL|5.0|This CD is awsome!   The sound of the syphany and the sound of the best band of all time come together to make an awsome CD.  Any rock fan should buy this CD.
0780626494|4.0|I didn't see this film in the theaters. But, after enjoying The Mummy, I wanted to try out another Brendan Fraser film. I was totally surprised by this film. It was refreshing, somewhat original and very funny throughout.  I was also surprised by Christopher Walken, finally proving he can be funny  outside his excellent Saturday Night Live performances. Fraser was  convincing and didn't go over-the-top with his role. The DVD version is  clear sounds good and while it doesn't have too many extra features, it is  nice to have a choice between full and wide screens. I give this film a B+
1568492502|5.0|A lot of reviewers, teachers, and other people that like to make themselves sound intellectually mature, would tell you that in order to enjoy Watership Down, or any other book for that matter, is to read deep  meanings in to every aspect of the book.  Please, do yourself a favor and  don't torture yourself in this way.  Although it has all the  characteristics of a great book, a modern day classic even, and could be  full of sybolism and irony, I feel that it is best enjoyed by taking it for  what it is: A great story about a group of rabbit's adventure, failure,  success, self-discovery, and their long, journey.      The story is set in  the English countryside, with great descriptions of the surroundings as  well as the rabbits and their lifestyle. It is told from a rabbits point of  view, but one that knows human behavior as well, and somehow Adams makes  the whole thing realistic.     The book is about a group of rabbits that  decide to leave their home warren after Fiver, a sort of psychic rabbit,  tells them that danger is on the way.  And so they begin a voyage that will  change their lives forever.  Along the way theyt encounter an evil warren,  crows, a fox, rivers, a rabbit farm, and countless other dangers.     Their  final destination is a sort of &quot;rabbit heaven,&quot; a beautiful,  safe, secure piece of l;and known as Watership Down.     Also included in  the book is a whole new language that Adams somehow brings the reader to  understand, and tales of how Frith, the sun god, was so impressed with  El-Arairah (a folk hero) that he granted him wonderful boons.     When I  was first told of the book I thought it would be a cute, kids book.  I was  completely wrong.  This is a mature book that would probably be best suited  for middle-school students through adults.     I would recommend this book  to anyone that isn't afraid to spend a little time, and become fully  engrossed in a wonderful tale.
B00000IPAX|5.0|Blink 182, just like Green Day and other punk bands, have a certain style that make you want to listen to the cd over and over and over. You can never get sick of this latest kick arse album from Blink 182, ENEMA OF THE  STATE! Buy it now!  I Highly recommend it dude. Peace!
B00002MZ2C|4.0|This is another example of why Rage is a top group. This cd, as well as the last 2, is a cd that you can listen to the entire way through and not push the forward button. This cd is the first to actually call Mumia-Abu  Jamal's name and declare no rest til he is free! The message has been clear  all along and this cd calls into effect that message. As long as the tracks  are laced w/ De La Rocha's attention grabbing voice Rage will continue to  dominate! Oh yea...FREE MUMIA!
B000001F2J|5.0|This is half of &quot;The Deram Anthology&quot;, and &quot;The Deram Anthology&quot; is the &quot;laser disc&quot; equivalent of the &quot;Images&quot; vinyl disc set with additional tracks  &quot;Ching-a-ling&quot; and an alternate version of &quot;Space  Oddity&quot;. I like the &quot;David Bowie&quot; songs very much, but  rather than recommend you buy it, I prefer to direct your attention to  &quot;The Deram Anthology&quot; (compare prices). (And while I'm  recommending things there is also the Proclaimers's &quot;This is the  Story&quot;, a first album, and &quot;Pentatonic Scales for the Jazz Rock  Keyboardist&quot;, a method book.)
0395645662|5.0|This books allows students to imagine a world completely different from theirs without them being  bogged down with lots of lingo that sometimes goes along science fiction.  The characters realness is captivating, and  the reader finds himself/herself turning the page with anticipation.  While  Jonah, the main character, and his friends live in a society very different  from any students have encountered, the personalities of the characters are  so appealing and believable that they will have no trouble relating to  them.  This book is excellent for middle grade students as an outside  reading assignment or a classroom novel.
6304117752|5.0|I agree with everyone else that this movie should always be available, especially at Christmas time!  My niece's favorite movie is Mary Poppins.  She watches it all the time.  So I immediately thought of this film as a  much needed replacement for her mother's sanity.  There is only so much  &quot;Spoon full of sugar&quot; you can take! This is a wonderful classic  with beautiful music, great for the whole family.
0899661270|5.0|Georgette triumphs yet again! I had read a lot of Jane Austen and regencies written in the 1980s and 1990s before I discovered Georgette through Cotillion and it remains THE BEST REGENCY EVER. Well, as much as  one can say that when comparing it to her myriad assortment of other  delicious regencies. Some of the most wonderful characters are Kitty,  Freddy, Jack, and Dolph. Some of the highlights are when Freddy is forced  to take Kitty sight-seeing, Kitty's scheme to marry off feeble-minded  Dolph, everyone's scheme to marry their son to the heiress Kitty AND when  the real hero, Freddy, gives Jack a whack in the kisser. Enjoy!
6305627401|5.0|This is an awesome and hillarious musical, that South Park fans who have waited in anticipation every week to see the show probably won't like. I believe, though, that it was excellently geared to a mass audience of  viewers not just fans of the show. Listen to the lyrics and in one instant  you'll know this movie is for adults only, but the orchestral arrangements  and take on classic musical themes is beyond anything Disney has pumped out  since Little Mermaid (or before).<br />Did I mention it has the power to make  people laugh histerically? Schweet
B00000JPH5|5.0|i saw this movie when i was a toddler. i fell in love with this movie i am now 17 and i watch it to the day. jim henson is a master of pupetry. he put mythical time together with the present and made a fabulous movie that has  so many life lesons init. you can learn alot from the trials of young  sarah. if you like fairy tale and muppets you will love this movie. <br />(a  lot like the dark crystal)
B000000T01|5.0|This is without a doubt the most creative rockumentary ever.  The Who were the greatest live rock band in history.  This movie as well as Live At The Isle Of Wight In 1970 proved this point.  The compelation from The Smothers  Brothers Show in the beginning to the Marquee Club performances to  Woodstock are fantastic.  I am disappointed about the editing in A Quick  One as well as the missing Join Together and Roadrunner medley parts at  Pontiac Stadium in 1976.  But why quibble this is the best rock movie ever  assembled.  I hope this reaches DVD soon.  It certainly deserves it.  Oh by  the way, the CD is also edited with the missing Join Together, Roadrunner  and My Generation Blues medley from the original LP.  Maybe MCA will get  the message.  Long Live Rock!
B00000K0EA|5.0|This is one Bond movie I missed and had to catch up. And I am glad I did. Lots of shoot'm up and pact with stunts like the good old days, only better now with digital effects. Here is the James Bond both serious and  entertaining and a perfect professional. Some of the scenery is just breath  takingly beautiful.
0449227545|5.0|This is the first book I've read by Ken Follett, and I absolutely loved it. I thought it was an easy and very interesting read. I was always wondering what Priest, Melanie, and Star would be up to next. Is it humanly  possible to cause an earthquake?
B000002UWF|5.0|I ordered this CD as a tryout of Prima's music.  I was a bit concerned about the sound quality since '50's CD's tend to be hit or miss.  I'm happy to report that the sound is fine and that my wife, 2 kids and I were  dancing by the 3rd song.  This CD is a must have if you enjoy swing and the  sounds of old New Orleans Jazz.
B000031XCR|4.0|I have been waiting for Celine to come out with a greatest hits album for a long time.  I just have one thing negitive to say about it.  Where is the song &quot;Where does my Heart Beat Now&quot;?  Or any song from the Unison  Album?  It is not a complete list of hits without this one song.  If I am  not mistaken, it got pretty high on the charts back when she was an unknown  here in the states.  Despite this flaw and the fact that they trimmed down  &quot;Its All Coming Back to Me Now&quot; to go just a bit over 5 mins.  instead of the normal 7 1/2 mins. It is a wonderful end to a brilliant  carreer.  She will surely be missed by her fans.
B00001QEE2|3.0|I feel this film could have been better.  Overall, I thought it was entertaining but there were several elements I disliked.  First off the Greek gods were simply hideous, save perhaps for Zeus and Hades (who's was  designed to be hideous and was nevertheless, well-rendered), as was baby  and teen Herc.  I mean, I'm aware this is a cartoon but for these  characters, caricature was overwrought and grotesque to the point of  distraction (especially the baby).  <br />Secondly, this just wasn't as funny  as certain other Disney films.  I found the humor rather flat and meant for  the 7-13 year old crowd (or thereabouts).<br />The fact that Disney wasn't  faithful to the myth doesn't, in itself, bother me; in fact, I can't fault  them for it.  For a film designed for general audiences, Hercules can't be  a love child and there can be no mention of Zeus's wife Hera (Herc's mom in  this movie) being Zeus's sister, (which of course she's most likely not in  the movie).  Despite this, I feel there might've been better ways to skirt  around these issues and still make an entertaining movie.<br />Lastly, there  was an air of frivolity around this movie that I couldn't get over; a  feeling that it was just a bit too goofy and wasn't taken near seriously  enough.<br />All in all, I consider it neither as terrible as some seem to,  nor as great as others apparently do.
0385484518|5.0|Everyone wants to learn about life.  Morrie was a man who knew more about the world and life's lessons than any other person I can think of.  The relationship between Morrie and Mitch is THE definition or a perfect  student-mentor relationship.  The book is an easy read too, but gripping  enough not to be boring.  The best way to describe this book is Simply  Wonderful.
0679745203|5.0|I'm only 13 years old, and I love this book. I couldn't put it down. It just draws you in,  forcing you to read more. I can't get enough of  it. I can't believe there are people that actually hate this book. It's not hard  to read (as some  people said) and very interesting. Some people who wrote  the reviews for this book said that a younger person couldn't understand or  relate to this book. If I can, then any kid my age could.
6304806442|5.0|This movie is disgusting, but that isn't the reason I like it.  :-)<br />I like it because it is well-crafted entertainment with an interesting story portrayed and produced to very high standards. There are enough twists and  tensions in the movie to keep the first-time viewer entralled and enough  content density to keep the repeat viewer coming back for more.<br />In the  end, the thing about this movie I like the most is the soundtrack. The  music is perfect in every way and completely fits the movie. The  screenwriting is top-notch and the production values are of a very high  order.
B000001OAA|5.0|This could easily hold the title of the best debut cd EVER.  The radio hits &quot;only happy when it rains&quot;, &quot;queer&quot;, &quot;stupid girl&quot; and &quot;vow&quot;(thats 4 by the way) all rock, and all the  rest of the tracks are equally as impressive.  &quot;As heaven is  wide&quot; has to be my favorite tracks, i love the lyrics, i.e. &quot;if  flesh could crawl/ my skin would fall from off my bones and run away from  here/ as far from god as heaven is wide&quot;.  My musical tastes are  heavily skewed towards the rock area, my fave. band is HOLE, and i have  seen many other hole fans reviews as well.  but as embarassing as it is my  43yr old mom can't get enough of this cd.  If you get to see them live on  their next tour, do it at all expense, shirley looked me in the eye and  waved at me during their set, and that made it so so worth it.  If you like  version2.0, pick this album up too.
B00000J7S8|1.0|Whoever gave this woman a recording contract should be shot!  Not only is this CD filled with tuneless songs with pointless lyrics, but they are all sung (to use that word loosely) by a singer (used loosely again) who sounds  like Kim Carnes, Stevie Nicks and Laura Branigan rolled together on a very  bad day after a 24-hour cigarette binge!  I'd rather listen to chalk  hitting the chalk board than to endure another minute of the nauseating  Miss Krall!
6304117752|5.0|A childhood favorite, I once had this precious movie in my possession. It disappeared one Christmas and I've never seen it since. I need it back!  DVD, VHS, whatever--I would buy it.
068484267X|5.0|Excellent reading!  A perfect combination of emotions.  I loved it
0385484518|4.0|I read this book in one day. It's not brilliant literature, but it's not a new-agey touchy feely tearjerker either. Anyone who has ever had a special teacher, or hero, or anyone you've ever looked up to, will appreciate this  labor of love. The author receives and records simple but precious pearls  of wisdom from a great teacher conducting his last class before he dies.
0425152251|4.0|Well, I read not the English version but the Chinese, and I found out that this book is actually quite amazing. Although I don't fully understand the context, I still think that the book can be called masterwork.
B00000F1D3|5.0|This is a great CD, I am really glad I brought it. Most of the people who have heard it found it very entertaining.  If you don't have it, buy it.
B00002Z88D|5.0|This is an awesome CD! Go on and buy it...this is a perfect example of innovation and creativity.  They should've done it earlier.
B000031XBQ|5.0|surely,an album of spanish versions of their previous hits wouldn't have come to be if there was no demand.obviously there was and even in far away places like japan,the very album these songs came from (gracias por la  musica/1980)sold like hotcakes! this is testament to abba's enduring  international appeal.for the abba completist,this surely won't disappoint  you.
B00000J631|5.0|This is a really cool CD--FAT had a great idea by putting this out.  Rather than it being the type of album that you listen to a million times, with 101 bands on it, it's a good way to find out about new bands.  Whether  you're a big punk fan or just a fan of bands on here like Green Day,  Offspring, and Blink 182, I highly recommend this CD.
0812550706|5.0|It has been a while since I last read Ender's Game, but that doesn't diminish the impact it has had on this Sci-Fi junkie.  Ender's Game is one of my most highly recommended reads to all of my friends.  There are only a  few books that match Ender's Game in my opinion, two being L.O.T.R and The  Giants. The stoytelling by O.S. Card is incredible.  There were many times  I would stop reading to close my eyes and put myself in Ender's situation  or imagine the thoughts and feelings that had been described.  The story  holds you to the end not letting you put the book down and the ending blows  you away!<br />Do you need to be a science fiction lover to enjoy this book?   No, on the contrary, anyone who enjoys a *great* book will enjoy this  story.  The ending is as good or better than anything in print.  Get this  book!
B00003003R|5.0|Now all you young whippersnappers think you can just go out and buy a Guns and Roses compact disc any time that you feel like it. Well, in my day, we had to shuck 80 bushels of corn a day and walk 25 miles to just listen to  Guns and Roses. Now you should appreciate that. Get this compact disk and  quit you damn whining about not wanting to waste your money on this compact  disk.
6303921248|5.0|Pride and Prejudice is an intriguing and beautiful movie.  The superb acting and gorgeous scenery make it one of the greatest movies of our time.  My one regret is that more people haven't been exposed to this  masterpiece.
B00002EPMF|4.0|This CD is great!  It is a few members of the band Death along with Chuck on guitar and Tim Aymar doing the vocal duties. It has the guitar work and sound of Death. I didn't know who this band was until I picked it up and it blew my  head off!  This is a must for any Death fans, you won't be disappointed.  Long live \\"Death\\"
0792833279|5.0|this is the best movie. the best part is in the restrauant when chilli faces bo and bear; 'stunt man huh, any good' 'if you can get out of here befor i take my coat off, i won't clean you up off the floor with your  pretty little costume.' i love this bit! guess why i have seen it seven  times
0061002747|5.0|This is a great book! If you have never read an Agatha Christie book before, read this and AND THEN THERE WERE NONE. It is very good and you have no clue who did it in the end. Poirot is one of the greatest fictional  detectives ever.
B000031XCR|4.0|Love this CD by Celine!   Nice to hear the oldies again, and tears come to my eyes when I hear Sinatra and Celine sing &quot;All The Way&quot;.   That song has always had a special meaning for me. &quot;Beauty and The  Beast&quot; will never get old as long as my 5 year old granddaughter sings  along, and falls asleep at night with that beautiful tune. Celine never  disappoints---this CD is well produced, and a winner.
B000002534|5.0|Kindred to Caravanserai, but the difference this time lies in that the music is more lighthearted, not as serious and transcendental.  <br />The opening track is by Airto Moreira and Flora Purim, (as is the last track  Borboletta) a short-lived percussion / effects track, that leads seamlessly  into \\"Canto de los flores\\" which is a beautifully laid back instrumental,  accentuated with a haunting flute. <br />Track six is \\"Aspirations\\" the next  instrumental that gives us a glimpse of what music must be like in heaven.   A progressive jazz /rock piece with a beautiful soprano sax by Jules  Broussard.   \\"Flor de canela\\" however is a more serious instrumental very  reminiscent of Caravanserai, driven by up-tempo percussion and blistering  bongos.<br />Carlos does not disappoint with his virtuosity if you love those  long wailing sounds, from that awesome PRS guitar of his as only he can do.  You can hear him go to town on \\"Promise of a fisherman\\" another very  satisfying instrumental.<br />It is rare to hear the saxophone on Santana  albums, but here Broussard amends that shortcoming with wonderful  phraseology.  All up a very worthwhile addition to one's album collection  and a must for Santana fans.
0345403959|1.0|the belgariad started out real well, the sequel was a ill written repetition tragically followed up this book and an even more horrible one about Polgara. The question still remains... boy! why did u read them all?    -hmm... -no idea, I guess I hoped they would improve, well they didn't,  and I don't think Mr and Mrs Eddings will ever put any reall effort in  writing again... they don't need to... we are stupid enough to buy it  anyway!
B000002UZ1|5.0|By 1966 the Beatles had already changed rock music profoundly. They continued to do so for the rest of their unparallelled career. Holy smoke, this is genius. The work from 1967 sparkles with wild sound experiments,  yet all still grounded and accessible. They continue in 1968 and 1969 with  some of the monster rock hits of all time, which time have not dated. For  new fans, begin with The Beatles 1962-1966 and this. Big fans will want to  find these songs by collecting all of their albums instead.
B000003N7G|5.0|Gotta tell ya what happened when I first bought this album in 1974. My housemate Eric and I must of played it 10 times the first day. That bass line got stuck in our heads for the next week. It became like a mantra. If  we bumped into one another on campus -- we'd start humming that 4-note  baseline that was playing in our head. Then Eric's signifigant other, Jill,  got the tune stuck in her head and she didn't even like Jazz. We had to  stop listening to the album until we got that wonderful set of notes out of  our heads.<br />So twenty five years later, I'm talkin' with one of my  co-workers about John Coltrane and I told him how that 4 note theme got  stuck in my friends and myself. He laughed and said the same exact thing  happened to him and his housemates! So I started humming the theme  everytime I saw him. <br />Guess what happened? Yep we got the theme stuck in  our heads. If he saw me coming, he'd cover his ears in attempt to prevent  that theme from getting caught in his head. We did this for several  weeks.<br />So How many other folks had a similar experience?
B000002UYZ|5.0|Had the Beatles retired in 1966, they would already have been a most profound influence on rock music. Hit after hit after hit is placed before us with this collection. Their productivity, ingenuity, and growth is  astonishing. Their mastery of rock's idioms is complete from the start.  Their inventive chord structures, harmonies, melodies, and energy still  ring true. Big fans will find all of these songs elsewhere in their large  collections, but new or casual fans should start here. By the way, all you  idiots who think the Beatles 1967-70 is great and don't like this stuff  have zero understanding of how rock was born and became what it became in a  few short years, largely thanks to the Beatles addressing themselves to it.
B000005J56|5.0|In a nutshell, buy this CD and then go out and buy 10 copies for your best friends.  You and them will love it.  I was lucky enough to attend the BVSC concert in Santa Fe, NM on November 9 and met both Ibrahim Ferrer and Ruben  Gonzalez.  Like if their music was not magic enough, they are also  amazingly wonderful people.
B00000JCOV|5.0|The New Generation of heavy music is without a doubt now, Slipknot. The nine masked controversial members of the band are all incredibly unique and important in all diferent ways. I've had this CD for several months now and  must have listened to it hundreds of times, and each time i'm more  entertained and amazed than the last time. As the lead singer Cory said  &quot;It's 9 people going up and working out every poison that ever  infected them&quot;. An incredible mix of banging drums, grinding guitars,  and incredible vocals, this album should be a favorite for many years. The  bottom line is, buy this album, trust me, you won't be dissapointed. I sure  as hell wasn't.
B000003S0K|4.0|Don't worry about this album sounding dated - the pop mainstream has yet to catch up to it, or any of Eno's other 70s albums.  As a bonus, &quot;Baby's on Fire&quot; contains one of Robert Fripp's best and most  vicious guitar solos.
0395389496|5.0|The Polar Express is an excellent children's book.  My mother, who has taught for 23 years has read this book to her class every year.  She bought The Polar Express for me for Christmas when I was in kindergarten.  I read  it numerous times when I was little and continue to read it today. The  Polar Express is about a small boy who believes in Santa Claus but others  tell him differently.  He knows that there is a Santa Claus so he doesn't  listen to anyone that tells him different. This book, if bought, will be  treasured in your home forever.
B000003S0Z|4.0|Eno is one of the greatest pop songwriters ever, a respectable singer, and friends with a number of first-rate musicians.  The result is a very fun, cool and tuneful album. My personal favorite is &quot;No One  Receiving,&quot; but there are many good songs here.
6303972810|5.0|I first saw Willow when I was about eight years old in the theater.  It's now eleven years later and it still remains my favorite movie.  Someone please tell George Lucas to re-release it.  The only copy I have is a worn  out VHS tape that I copied off of the TV.  This movie is funny and exciting  while remaining decent enough to show to my little cousins who love it as  well.  I hope that the powers that be realize what a treasure they have in  that movie.
0425170349|4.0|Not one of his best.  Some of the characters were not fully developed, others not introduced at all.  The ones that we were allowed to meet were done excellently which probably whetted my appetite to meet the others.   The diabolical plan/plot is plausible but the conclusion is anti-climactic.
0880389052|5.0|R.A. Salvatore has created a classic hero, in the character of Drizzt Do'Urden, who will capture the reader.  The character addresses issues of pride, racism, good v. evil, right v. wrong, faith, and fidelity throughout  the entire Underdark saga.<br />The contrasting fragility and strength of  Do'Urden will touch your heart.<br />Possibly my favorite character ever  written.
B00002Z88D|4.0|as a fan of both metalica and classical music this cd satifies. as a live production the sound probably suffered as most do. i would love to here a studio version possibly with music written by metalica just for the  occasion.
0671027344|5.0|The book &quot;The perks of being a wallflower&quot; is a really honest book. It was very interesting to read. I could find me in a lot of what happened to the main character, called Charlie, and of what he thought. I'm still joung, so it was actually for me to read a teenanger experience  school, friends and partys, but even if you are older you can read this  book and remember your school time. Do you ever thought something really is  wrong with you? And didn't want to be that way? Charlie did. And he found a  solution for his problems, an answer to his questions. I really like his  solution. I think, you can learn something of what Charlie says, no matter  how old you are.  &quot;The perks of being a wallflower&quot; isn't only  honest, it's funny, sad and exciting, too. So life is.
B000023VR6|5.0|well in my opinion, cronic 2001 is the best cd ive heard in a wile. its got great tracks even though it has alot of people featured in it. its still got that special touch that only dre can give to the west coast  rap!and although he is getting older and wiser, he still makes great music!
B000002BDB|5.0|This is a  great box set.  Miles  made some of his  best music working  along Gil Evans.  3 of their original albums are  in this set: Miles ahead, Porgy and Bess, Sketches of Spain.  each of these three is a jazz classic.   The set also includes the album Quiet Nights.   These 4 discs are essential  in any jazz collection. The remaining 2 CDs have outtakes, alternative cuts  and  miscellaneous studio recordings.   The mainfault with this box isits  price(budget conscious buyers would do well buying the individual  remastered albums).  The othe flaw if that the packaging is rather  cumbersome with each CD placed in a cardboard sleeve replica of the album   and everything is bound togetherwith a book in a thick metallic spine.   <br />Overall - 5stars because the music is brilliant but  some might prefer  to buy the original albums ( now that columbia records has remastered them)
B0000026UV|3.0|I'm a Knopfler fan, but the content here is a bit too mellow to show off his talents.  I liked about half the tracks, but there were three or four tracks that bordered on elevator music.  Nevertheless, this CD is good  background music.  And although neither Knopfler nor Atkins have great  singing voices, they've both got more character in their voices than a  thousand Michael Boltons and they ultimately make the music enjoyable.
B00000K19E|5.0|To think that humans are nothing more than energy for machines. That the world, as we know it, has been pulled over our eyes to blind us from the truth!<br />If you have not yet seen this movie, you are probably dead or in a  coma. It's a mind bending movie that should not be missed. From the  storyline to the sights and sounds, it's a visual candy store that will  make you wonder for quite some time, what if this were true?<br />Rent it, buy  it, do whatever it takes to see this movie. If you have a good sound  system, crank it up as loud as you dare, then sit back and?
079284209X|3.0|I enjoyed the European feel to this film greatly. It had far greater depth to it than most of the &quot;i can make something explode most fantastically than you&quot; action films that are out there today.  Character development was subtle yet effective for the DeNiro, Reno and  McElhone characters. The other characters were either forgettable or an  annoyance, and therefore it was not surprising they were either discarded,  irrelevant or perished. The car chases were great, but during the greatest  of them all I was tempted to hit fast forward, I had had enough. The  conclusion was OK, but contained no deep or exciting twists. If even more  attention was paid to the DeNiro/Reno relationship it could have made for a  more poignant film, but all things considered, I've seen far worse movies  lately.
B000002U9W|3.0|I noticed that AHM is listed as an &quot;Amazon Essential&quot; recording.  If you're new to Pink Floyd, make sure you get Meddle, Dark Side of the Moon, Wish You Were Here, Animals, and The Wall before picking this one  up.<br />It's certainly an *interesting* album, but I don't think you'll find  anyone who thinks you should get this before WYWH (which, according to  Amazon, is not an essential).  You'll note that AHM is not included in the  &quot;Shine On&quot; box set...
0767800958|5.0|If you like international movies, dance, great music and all that goes with it you will LOVE this movie!  The Tango Lesson is about a woman who becomes fascinated with learning the Tango...in Paris and Buenos Aires.   And she finds the perfect teachers.  I never realized that there is so much  to the Tango...it's much more than you typically see.  And Sally Potter is  simply wonderful...and by the end of the movie you want to know more about  her.  Is this autobiographical?  Or just a fantasy?  I have watched the  movie three times and am now going to purchase it....it's that wonderful!
B000002UA0|2.0|Warning!<br />Just because you like &quot;Dark Side of the Moon&quot; and &quot;The Wall&quot;, there's no guarantee that you'll find this album listenable, let alone enjoy it.<br />This is an &quot;Amazon Essential&quot;  album, and, although it's important in the Pink Floyd scheme of things, for  many people (myself included), it's more of a historical note than a  favorite work.<br />If you're looking to expand your Floyd collection, make  sure you've picked up Meddle, Dark Side of the Moon, Wish You Were Here,  Animals, and The Wall before going any further.<br />If you're looking for an  undiscovered Floyd classic, pick up &quot;Obscured by Clouds&quot; instead.
B00001U0GQ|3.0|Fantastic film, one of my girlfriend's favourites, highly recommended viewing. But I found the DVD picture transfer very poor - especially as many scenes are at night - and the sound was not much better dialogue  really got lost, very disppointing. Surely a THX badge should stand for  better quality than this or what's the point? I advise you check out a  friend's copy first before purchasing.
B000023VR6|5.0|The CD is extremely tight. Dre has set the standards for the new millennium of hip hop. The youngster's need to take notes, the King of Hip Hop has blew up the spot for real. The beats are so so funky and the  production work bangs. Word to the wise. The lyrics may be extremely  offensive to the weak minds out there, so save all the C.Delores Tucker  drama and recoginize this is real not make believe. If you liked the  Chronic, you will love this. TRUST ME.
6302293553|5.0|Monty Python was a great movie.  The characters were so funny along with their lines and how they acted out the roles.  I suggest everyone to see this especially if they have never seen it before.  You will be laughing  out load throughout the whole movie
034537410X|1.0|I'll make it quick and simple. if your idea of a lucid dream is along the lines of going to a movie or a play, buy this book. If not, save your money. La Berge totally leaves out the spiritual aspect of lucid dreaming. Its the difference between How to Paint and art. He doesn't even mention archtypes and he refers to Ouspensky, Castenada and Jung, but I don't think  he has even read any of their writings. He is shallow and boring. His  theory of dreaming is outdated and largely based on Freud. Even if your an  amateur this book is a waste of your time. Read Carlos Castenada's The Art  Of Dreaming or Fred Wolf's The Dreaming Universe. The only thing in this  book that helped me was the &quot;spinning&quot; technique. Maybe go into a  bookstore read that and put it back on the shelf. Of course this is my  opinion, I could be wrong.
B00002MZ2C|5.0|This cd is the best. It is the best to rock out with. You can get in your car roll down the windows have it going full balst. My mom likes it to. Rage!  is the best..
B00003003R|5.0|Nobody defined rock and roll like Guns N Roses did. With all the garbage that one-hit-wonder artists are putting out today, I was glad to hear that GNR was putting out a CD after almost 8 years (spaghetti incident doesn't  count). This double CD contains most of their best work, minus Civil War,  and the sound quality is pretty good for a live recording. Estranged is  probably the best song on here. It's too bad this band self-destructed.
B00000JZC4|5.0|I never thought i'd love this band so much. I've ordered SO much stuff off the internet about them and im going to see them play in Nottingham on the 2nd of march!    I am no way narrow minded about music but once you've  heard half the songs on this album you will surely trip and kiss ALL other  songs goodbye!<br />All cheesy i know buts its true!
B000003BF1|5.0|This was the first Rolling Stones records I bought. I heard 'Gimme Shelter' and 'Monkey Man' on Martin Scorsese's film 'Goodfella's' and bought the album for those two songs. I was surprised to find that the  whole album was packed with songs that reflected great musical ability and  a rare originality. Perhaps the most talked about song on this album is  'You Can't Always Get What You Want', however it's by no means the best  track on this album, the rest of the songs are much better; bringing the  musical styles of conutry blues, soul and rock  together and expressing it  in that bad-boy, booze and bacchanalia, Rolling Stones way. I now have  almost all the Stones albums- everything up to Tatoo You. Even if you're  not an avid Stones fan you should find this album and 'Sticky fingers' very  enjoyable. Great music for getting your rocks off!
B00001ZWTT|2.0|Good talent gone to waste with a dreadful script. It's supposed to be humerous and off the wall, but nothing seems to work, the gags, the clever effects, and expensive production all gone to waste! You'd think someone  would have picked this up on the rushes! Anyhow, 2 stars for the expensive  sets and game try by the cast!
B000003BF1|5.0|This was the first Rolling Stones records I bought. I heard 'Gimme Shelter' and 'Monkey Man' on Martin Scorsese's film 'Goodfella's' and bought the album for those two songs. I was surprised to find that the  whole album was packed with songs that reflected great musical ability and  a rare originality. Perhaps the most talked about song on this album is  'You Can't Always Get What You Want', however it's by no means the best  track on this album, the rest of the songs are much better; bringing the  musical styles of conutry blues, soul and rock  together and expressing it  in that bad-boy, booze and bacchanalia, Rolling Stones way. I now have  almost all the Stones albums- everything up to Tatoo You. Even if you're  not an avid Stones fan you should find this album and 'Sticky fingers' very  enjoyable. Great music for getting your rocks off!
B000005H3M|5.0|The original LP release of this album was nothing short of absolutely amazing.  Now with the bonus tracks, any lover of Buddy Rich's drumming cannot afford to be without the CD version.  Two tracks are particularly  worthy of Buddy.  &quot;Love for Sale&quot; has to have the most energetic  single stroke roll in the history of jazz drumming.  How he lived through  that one, let alone played it, is unknown to me.  Then there is  &quot;Apples (aka Gino)&quot; which I nominate as the new &quot;Cute.&quot;   On this one, though, there are no brushes, just a hard, driving, nearly  machine-like pace that's leaves the listener breathless and eager to play  the track again.<br />&quot;Big Swing Face&quot; is notable for the woodwind  ensemble work, smooth as silk, and there's the rebirth of &quot;Bugle Call  Rag.&quot;  No, it's not very military here, just a hard, swinging  tune.<br />A bonus is &quot;The Beat Goes On&quot; with Buddy's daughter Cathy  Rich providing the vocal.<br />If you like big bands, and a drummer that  really kicks the band into better, more inspired playing, you won't go  wrong with this CD.
6303686745|5.0|In spite of so many years this movie still attains to impress me. Perhaps with the time, &quot;Fail Safe&quot; looks as made for tv withouth much money. Sets seems poor because one expect installations of USAF must be, as  is said in the film - &quot;the best&quot;- . It's said that the big  computers from 1960 hadn't the fraction power of a PC of today. Sure the  USA Army possess now the best machines, but as in this film, all these  doesn't calm very much, because this &quot;Fail Safe&quot; is mainly human.  Yes there's a fail in the communications, but these safety system has been  previously conceived by men which knew such possibilities of error, for  that this movie is very credible and frightful, and beyond all these, one  can see that if electronics and computers rigth now are much more powerful  and reliable, curiously it would be difficult to find so superb actors  rigth now as in this film. Not only Henry Fonda and Walter Mattau, but all  secondary characters are really  extraordinary so, one can ask himself if  politics and military people of today also are as good and are improved as  war technology   has done. I'm afraid the answer is negative and of course,  knowing one of the world leaders starts the day with plenty of vodka when  not awakening at the hospital is all but comforting.
B000000LZV|5.0|When I first heard this CD, I thought my music career was all over: they created the sound I had in my head for years but couldn't quite nail down.   To tell the truth, I don't find the lyrics all that remarkable, although I  completely respect those who do. For me, the amazing part is the tightness  of the drums and bass, this is one of the most amazing rock rhythm sections  ever recorded. Listen to these two lock into each other, play off each  other, and provide a foundataion for the guitar and vocals, and you'll  understand what it's all about. That they were largely self trained makes  it even more amazing.<br />I can't recommend this CD strongly enough.
0684803356|4.0|For Whom The Bell Tolls is a epic war novel written by Ernest Himingway that profiles the young American, Robert Jordan, and his 72 days with a anti-fascist guerrilla unit in the mountains of Spain. Himingway also  describes El Sordo's last stand very well. Robert is fighting for his  beliefs against the fascist. In the mountains, he meets up with other  anti-fascist. Pablo, his wife Pilar, and the young, beautiful Maria. Robert  soon falls in love with Maria. Robert is there to blow up a bridge, and  within the 72 days, he visits the bridge making sketches and planning out  the explosion. He and Pablo do not get along to good and Pablo throws  Robert's detonator in the river and Robert gets real angry with Pablo.  Pablo is a lazy man that stays drunk off of wine through out the story.  Robert thinks many times of killing him. After careful planning, he  successfully blows up the bridge. On the way back to camp, he has a tragic  accident and his severely wounded. Maria, and everyone else escapes. Robert  moves around to get behind a tree with his submachine gun waiting to face  the fascist army all alone in the deep mountains of Spain.
B00002Z88D|5.0|I am a big Metallica fan with a deep musical background. This album is so great, I can't find the words to describe it. It is such an amazing idea to combine the originators of the rock balled with a symphony. If you like  Metallica, buy this now!
0671578278|3.0|Bujold takes risks in this narrative, for which I applaud her.  Some of them fail, however, and she should learn from these failures. Had Bujold focused soley on the romance between Ekaterina and Miles, and the political  intrigues, the book would have been solid and compact. Instead, Bujold  intorduces several additional plots.  The Kareen coming of age thread is,  unfortunately, far too predictable in both the way it unfolds and in its  outcome.  The butter-bug plot fairs somewhat better, and is the source of a  considerable amount of the humor in the book.  Unfortunately, Mark is not  used to good effect.  While we are *told* about his therapy and his  progress, we don't see it come through. Nor do we see much financial  brillance on Mark's part. Finally, I really wish Bujold had resisted the  urge to use Ivan as a narrative voice.  For several books now, Bujold has  consistently hinted that Ivan has been hiding his native intelligence a la  Claudius in &quot;I, Claudius.&quot;  Sadly, Bujold is unable to pull this  off succesfully when she lets us into Ivan's head.  Ivan is a little  smarter than he lets on, and a little deaper, but not much. So, on the  whole, I think the book is enjoyable and worth reading.  Unfortunately,  Bujold's attempt to weave a more complex tale by interlacing multiple  narratives does not work as succesfully as one would hope.  Finally, even  those who have read the series and are familiar with the characters should  read the previous book *Komarr* before reading *Civil Campaign*.
6302101743|4.0|This movie, produced almost 30 years before Jurassic Park, still evokes the &quot;dinosaur feeling&quot; much more than any other older film.  If not for JP, it would still be the model to emulate.<br />Cowboys and  Dinosaurs?  Try it, you'll like it.
6302642256|5.0|this movie is my favorite movie in the whole world and i would reccomend this movie to anyone in the world
B00002Z88D|4.0|At least this is better than the live cds in that Metallica &quot;lunch box&quot; thing. With the orchestra, some songs are ruined, and some songs are improved. The orchestra doesn't really do much for &quot;Battery&quot;,  &quot;Fuel&quot;, or the fast part of &quot;One&quot;. On the other hand,  the orchestra sounds excellent on songs like &quot;The Call Of Ktulu&quot;,  &quot;The Memory Remains&quot;, &quot;No Leaf Clover&quot;, and &quot;Hero  Of The Day&quot;. It makes those songs sound a lot darker. I didn't like  the Load or Re-Load cds, but the songs from those cds that are displayed  here are improved from the studio versions. Bottom line: This is probably  the best live recording they've done thus far.
0060282983|5.0|Charlotte's Web is a magnificent story of a pig named Wilbur who befriends a spider named Charlotte on the farm where he lives. Their friendship progresses through the pages of the book. This book should be read by all  children because it deals with friendship, troubles, and loss.
B00000J7J4|2.0|I have loved your music since the 60's!  You were the last true holdout, the artist who put style and work over corporate America!  No more, even with your magnificent work in the Latin numbers on this CD, once you  introduced the modern artist (and I use modern artist loosely), the album  went from 5 stars to 2 stars!  I guess you needed the money, otherwise you  would not have sold out to attract the younger dollar, but then again, it  is all about greed isn't it?  Too bad, you were one of the few left that I  thought was pure magic and like all fairytales, yours is another one with  this CD that has an unhappy ending!
B00000K19E|3.0|It's just funny.... Computer Graphic is great.. Um...Story is a little childish..
6304211740|5.0|The movie was the best version of Charlotte Bronte's  book ever.  Hurt and Charlotte Gainsborough  were perfect. I fell sorry for you psudo critics. unable to lay back and enjoy. Enjoy  two great preformances . and one   great movie.  My most humble regrets to you Its really sad you experts  think your smarter than the rest of us.
0446525537|1.0|I bought this book on the strength of his earlier work.  The story is totally predictable from page 40 onward.  Characters are one dimensional.  Not worth the time and effort.  If you have the instincts to determine if  its raining when your shoes are wet then you can figure out this story in  about 15 minutes.  It is simplistic drivel .
B00002MZ2C|5.0|This is no doubt the album of the year, no other CD can possibly match the ferocity and sheer lyrical/melodic GENIUS of Zach de la Rocha and Tom Morello (THE best guitarist of the 90s).  Every song is something new and  different, which is more than can be said for most albums these days.  This  blows away even Rage's other two albums, which were previously my favorite  LPs. Plus, the political message (which some may not agree with) is even  clearer than ever, so Zach makes his point heard in new and innovative  ways.  For anybody who says this is just a copy of their previous work, you  couldn't be more wrong.  Every song has an innovative hook and powerful  beats unlike anything else.  These talented musicians have taken their rage  to the next level, and it's great to see them progressing to the next  level. Best songs: &quot;Calm Like A Bomb&quot;, &quot;Mic Check&quot;,  &quot;Sleep Now In the Fire&quot;, &quot;New Millenium Homes&quot;,  &quot;Voice of the Voiceless&quot;, and every other track on the disc.   RAGE RULEZ!
0767002652|5.0|Although my wife and I had the pleasure of revisiting the Bellamys, their friends, and their servants in the early 1990s when KQED replayed all five seasons, this was our first opportunity to see the black and white episodes  that were only shown in Great Britain, as well as the rest of the first  season.  It was a memorable experience, being able to view the tapes at our  leisure, and reliving the lives of so many wonderful characters.  Their  growth through pleasant and trying experiences, their interaction above and  below stairs, the shared historic moments that covered political, social,  and technological changes only served to whet our appetites for the second  year's videos.  The characters are memorable and seem to become part of the  viewers family, the writing is genuine, moving, and witty.  The sets are  authentic, the action is real, and the stories are universal.  Upstairs  Downstairs is television at its best.
B000000T01|5.0|Sad to say that I missed The Who's heyday by a few years.  I only was exposed to their music in high school when I happened to catch &quot;The Kids Are Alright&quot; on Cinemax around 1982.  I was mesmerized by their  intensity and their musical passion.  <br />The versions of &quot;Baba  O'Reily&quot; &amp; &quot;Won't Get Fooled Again&quot; that they recorded  especially for this film are among the best versions of those songs the  band ever did.  And the sound quality is near studio quality level since  they were doing those numbers especially for the film.  And the laser/light  effects, although tame by today's standards, are still pretty cool.  Also,  there are other songs in the film (and on the soundtrack) that are only  available here.  <br />This film is a must have in any video/dvd collection of  the above-average to serious music lover.  If you were too young to have  gotten into The Who, or if you just happened to miss them during their  years of making music (like I ALMOST DID) then pick this film up, it will  open up a whole new realm of great music from a great rock band!
0312853238|3.0|This is a good &quot;beach book.&quot;  A quick read while on vacation, but it certainly doesn't deserve four and 1/2 stars.  It was never thought provoking, which good science fiction should be, and it was completely  predictable.  Basically, it's about a bunch of kids playing war games, with  some pop psychology thrown in for good measure.  Card should have delved  into the aliens more.  In fact, I was surprised he waited until the end and  then gave them cursory explanation.  For an excellent sci fi read, pick up  The Child Garden by Geoff Rymann instead.
B000002H92|5.0|This live music takes you on a ride through so many different emotions and scenes. When bands perform in concert, that's the ultimate goal... but few bands could do it like The Doors.  Personal favorite tracks: Build Me A  Woman, Universal Mind, Not To Touch The Earth, Unknown Soldier, and The  End.
0312853238|3.0|This is a good &quot;beach book.&quot;  A quick read while on vacation, but it certainly doesn't deserve four and 1/2 stars.  It was never thought provoking, which good science fiction should be, and it was completely  predictable.  Basically, it's about a bunch of kids playing war games, with  some pop psychology thrown in for good measure.  Card should have delved  into the aliens more.  In fact, I was surprised he waited until the end and  then gave them cursory explanation.  For an excellent sci fi read, pick up  The Child Garden by Geoff Rymann instead.
630349255X|5.0|A historic journey with many depths to wonder
B0000025OP|5.0|...the North wind about to break.  Footprints in the snow/and the silence down below.&quot;  This is a lyric off this album that I have never forgotten. Not only is the imagery beautiful as words on paper, but the  musical setting is dramatic and evocative of the moment he is trying to  describe.  Okay, so if you think every album Bob Dylan did has to measure  up to Blood on the Tracks, Blonde on Blonde, or Bringing it all Back Home,  this one isn't as good as those.  But if you already have those but haven't  heard this one, it's a must.  The collaboration with the Band is natural  and wonderful.  They rarely sounded better.  This record came out in 1974.  With one exception (&quot;Blood...&quot;), nothing he did later came out  better.
B000020617|5.0|I've never been a huge Foo Fighter fan. I thought each of their previous albums had a couple of catchy songs, but overall, they were not among my favorites. My opinion has changed greatly since the release of this album.  This is by far the best rock album of the year.
1570427496|5.0|A Walk to Remember is a great book.  It is easy to understand for readers who cannot read complicated things.  THis book is for people who love to read romance novels.  THis book is about two characters who struggle to  keep their love from falling apart.  I envy their love because no matter  what happens, they will be holding on to each other.  Even though one of  them has to go away, they still love each other and will keep loving each  other.  The two main characters are Jamie Sullivan and Landon Carter.   These two main characters cross their path in school.  They know each other  but they don't talk to each other because of their person status.  Jamie is  an outcast while Landon worry about what other people thinks.  On the  beginning of the story, Landon ask Jamie to go with him to the dance.  From  that day on everything seem to go well, until one day there is a tragedy.   I recommend to people to read this book.
B00000GUZP|5.0|An avid Blondie fan I remember not knowing what to think about this record when I first heard it.  Listening to it now I realize that Deborah was way ahead of her time.  The stand out song for me in &quot;Now I Know You  Know&quot; which is the most beautiful jazz ballad I've ever heard. I wish  someone would do a remix of it.  Other great songs include Chrome and Inner  City Spill Over.  I think if Deborah had kept her Blondie Persona this  album would have been a huge hit.  She should of made sure that she had  everyone one that she started with before jumping off and doing something  as bold and daring as this.  However Deborah's willingness to venture into  new and untried territory is one of the things I love and admire about her.   Buy this CD and give it a good listen. It will grow on you.  I notice that  people always put this record down but how funny it is that it is still in  print and selling almost 20 years later.
B00003003R|2.0|ahhhh... YES, cool cover, but a disappointment. this just ain't as ELECTRIC as the versions on 'Appetite' or 'Illusions'. Axel's 'cleaned-up'vocals and harmonies (read: re-recorded)really let the air out,  for starters. <br />and, yeah: i saw these guys on the upswing at the Whiskey  87, Pasadena's Perkins Palace 4-nite stand 12/87, etc. and they really WERE  amazing... sadly, this set just doesn't capture it at all. (then again,  maybe it was the whiskey and the spirit of the time...)<br />if you buy this,  G'n'R fans, you'll be entertained for a couple listens; but, you'll end up  spinning the originals by new year's...
B00000J7J4|4.0|This CD is a must have for any Santana fan!  It was a long time coming but it was worth the wait.  The combination of musical talents and styles make this CD a great gift for all music lovers.
0451169514|5.0|This book is one of King's best.  It had me up all night reading it, I just could not put it down.  It brought up childhood fears and made them very real.  By far the best book I have read in a long time.
0790742942|5.0|Beetlejuice is a well written movie ..... everything about it is excellent! From the acting to the special effects you will be delighted you chose to view this movie.
0380973464|5.0|A book I sincerely didn't want to end. <br /> Although some of the criticism is appropriate in the various reviews, I found the characters accurate and interesting, especially Bobby Shaftoe, Elijah Root and Alan Turing. <br /> The  book is filled with lovely historical details - I'm sure I missed most of  them.  <br /> This story holds out truly realistic hope for freedom in our  world that is, in fact, without much brightness otherwise.<br /> Helps if you  find crypto interesting, of course.<br />  Afterward by Bruce Schneier!  Real,  REAL crypto guru.
1558908323|5.0|If your a discreminating fan of Sci-fi suspense, and tired of your unbelievable, slash and dash, with stupid characters then you'll love this movie. All good suspense movies have one thing in common, the characters  have to be very believeable and the story line has to be quasi-believeable.   This one's a thought provoking spin on science gone bad with a good enough  starting point and smart enough characters to get the audience to buy into  it.  Once you've checked in, the special effects add to the movie rather  than detract from it.  Its a fun ride.  I'd say it's in the top 10 ever of  sci-fi suspense.  Which, at least to this reviewer, is a class completely  different from horror (just so we're clear).  The former is intriguing and  thought provoking, the later is ussually a butcher shop of a movie.
B000001ELD|1.0|The album ends with Wish Upon a Star.  Isn't that enough to warrant a 1 star rating?  This is supposed to be the Demon of the band KISS.  Back in 1978 they still carried that air of mystery.  So, when I hear Gene covering  a Jiminy Cricket song, it's time to pack up and move on.
0684867621|4.0|I'm not all that into baseball, but I think this book could be a horror to women that are mothers. I think it had it's scary points, such as her seeing this black eyed thing with great cocked ears like horns.  The cast of characters was small and almost not even there.  King thinks of things  that really could happen in real life.  He has changed his perspective and  style of writing and has made a novel that doesn't scare someone until they  go on themselves.  This novel was very well written and made you see that  a nine year old girl named Tricia, so vivid and even won against her worst  fears.  That is something not even something most adults can do.
B000001ELF|3.0|This is where Ace Frehley made his mark as a solo artist.  This is far and away the best of the solo albums made by KISS.  Rip it Out and New York Groove are terrific songs.  Unfortunately, these solo albums led to the  eventual decline of this supergroup.  Ego got in the way of songwriting and  KISS became a pop band.  Ace eventually left but his efforts as a solo  artist pale in comparison to this album.  This is the only Ace Frehley  album you will need.
6302424887|2.0|Polanski's version of the tragedy is far too violent and senseless to be considered Shakespeare. In the tradition of Boorman's Excalibur, this film is made to attract a sleezy audience. Too much nudity, blood and gore, and  an extreme emphasis on evil. Of course, it is true to the plot, but it's  not the original vision Shakespeare had in mind. It's too disturbing.  Perhaps I'm being too judgemental but I believe it is not fair that younger  Shakespeare fans should be exposed to this. It is more adult, as is  Excalibur, or at least at the High School level. Elementary and junior high  students should not view this film.
0930289331|5.0|I didn't know what to make of this when I read it in the original serialized form - I didn't initially enjoy the story or the art.  A distinct departure from his work on &quot;Dark Knight&quot;, Miller's  writing is nonetheless effective in portraying the first adventures of  Batman.  Mazzucchelli's art is actually quite fitting for the story: very  simple, but heavy on lines and shadows, sort of like Alex Toth.  I've grown  to treasure this book.  Plus, the storyline with Jim Gordon is very good.
B00000I8DY|5.0|What a terrific performance! Rene Jacobs is one of the finest conductors in the World, and judging from all recent recordings of Cosi fan Tutte, it is he rather than the overblown Simon Rattle who should have got the Berlin  Philharmonic. Jacobs is full of good ideas and excellent taste. His  exquisite orchestra, the Concerto Koln play like gods, with superb woodwind  work. The singers work perfectly together, but special mention must be made  of Veronique Gens, whose voice has grown and is now a perfect Mozart voice.  Bernarda Fink is great fun and has a typical warm latin voice. And oh yes,  that CD-ROM is to die for.
B00000J7J4|5.0|Supernatural is a great blend of music. The best track on the cd (and possibly the greatest rock duet of all time) is Smooth. Most of the cd is of other artists singing and Santana guitar playing (which he does  beautifully)The Eagle-Eye-Cherry song was great, and so was the Dave  MAtthews song. The song with Launy Hill was horrible and had no place on  the cd. But everything was great.
6304498969|4.0|I'm a fan of Eric Clapton. The latest &quot;with friend&quot; concert DVD is well done. For this one, it's also a classic but if you own the latest gadgets (DTS, DRC TV, etc), then... probably could wait for a DTS version  :)
0064431789|5.0|Where The Wild Things Are is probally one of the best books I have every read. It is great for kids of all ages. It's about a child whose mother made him go to bed without eating anything. She called him wild thing and  the story builds on from there to become one of the best.
6302914191|5.0|artisan entertainment is releasing twin peaks ( all 29 episodes ) on dvd 2nd quarter next year.
B00002Z88D|4.0|Symphony &amp; Metallica... a clever concept that holds up in the harsh light of reality. These two groups of musicians were meant to play together!<br />I hope they'll do this again. I think they can do better...  *much* better.<br />First, they need to do their next collaboration in a  studio. The sound on this album, as on most live recordings, just doesn't  do the players justice. To be frank, it's rather flat. It's a crime not to  capture the richness of every note.<br />Second, they need to compose all the  songs together. (Maybe this would be a nightmare for them, and ruin their  working relationship permanently -- but it would make for one incredible  album!) What we have on S and M is basically the symphony playing around  Metallica. That's good and it adds a lot of depth to the existing songs,  but Metallica doesn't need a backup band! Anyway, it doesn't use the  symphony to its full potential. A tighter collaboration would give everyone  a chance to shine.<br />If you don't like classical, this collection won't  change your mind. And if you don't like Metallica, you'll probably remain  unmoved. But people who like both will find this a very satisfying CD.
B00000255F|5.0|I wasn't even born yet when this album came out, but it reaches my soul in ways I never thought possible. I first got into Springsteen this summer after seeing him in concert in NJ, so I bought this, which is one of my  favorite five CDs. &quot;Thunder Road&quot; is in heavy rotation in my CD  player because of the driving melody and the lyrics that make me wish I had  lived some other life. &quot;Jungleland&quot; is an experience in itself;  it could stand alone as an individual album. If you have any inclination to  buy any Springsteen album, this is the one. Every song strikes a chord; you  want to pretend that you're some rock-n-roller slumming around in Asbury  Park listening to Springsteen's stories.
0517201658|5.0|From the second I picked up The Thorn Birds I could not put it down.  It is truly one of the greatest love stories ever written.  I have read it many times since, and it remains one of my all time favorites.  Every time  I finish I'm sad to finish.
0385495315|5.0|I'm on a non-fiction kick at the moment, and I'm loving reading books that tell you about anything science-y. Of the stack of 5 or 6 I've recently read, this one was the best. Firstly, Singh is an excellent writer - the  writing just draws you in. Secondly, you learn how easy it is to crack the  sorts of codes people write to each other as kids. And thirdly, I loved  learning how Elizabeth 1st's spymaster outwitted Mary Queen of Scots by  using decryption. Other books in my stack (which weren't quite as good)  included The Perfect Storm, and The Making of the Atomic Bomb. Now, both of  these were great. But that just shows how good I think The Code Book is.
0440219078|5.0|The Giver is a wonderful book to get children to think about the world in which we live and how it compares to the world in which Jonas lives.
0800128052|5.0|I had a similar experience and I was able to relate to what Rudy went through. I had a dream once and I worked very hard to defy all odds and to make it come true. I love this movie for what it represents that their is  hope for anybody who has a dream. But I dislike Notre Dame (Lou Holtz  especially).
6302256615|5.0|ONE THE BEST ACTION FILMS OF ALL TIME. IT DOSEN'T GET ANY BETTER THAN THIS. EXCELLENT SOUNDTRACK TOO!
B000002J1S|5.0|The most complex and interesting album Genesis made! Though the story of Rael is mysterious and shrouded in imagery, it all seems to fit together into a nice package. I just bought the new Genesis' CD, 'Turn It On Again -  The Hits' - and while I enjoy the Phil Collins'-era Genesis songs, the REAL  GEM on the album is the new version of The Carpet Crawlers! I don't know if  anyone agrees with me, but I like the new version better than the original!  I get out The Lamb... (I bought the album in 1981)every once in a while and  give it a listen - and I never get tired of it. There's so much going on  with the lyrics and music on this album that makes it interesting. To those  who are not familiar with the Gabriel-era Genesis, I'll tell you that you  won't find a song like Livin' La Vida Loca (Ricky Martin) here! This is not  music for the masses! And it's not music that you'll like with the first  listen. With all pre-1978 Genesis albums, you have to listen to it at least  a couple of times before you can appreciate it. It grows on you. Even  though this album (and other Genesis albums of the Seventies) lives on,  wouldn't it be nice if somehow it could all happen again - and Tony, Phil,  Peter, Steve and Mike could get back together and produce some more really  great music!
6304119046|1.0|THIS REVIEW IS LESS ABOUT CITIZEN &quot;PAIN&quot; (TO WATCH)AND MORE A FOLLOW UP ON THE RESPONSE TO MY FIRST REVIEW. AS OF 12/2/99, 32 PEOPLE DID NOT FIND MY REVIEW HELPFUL. IS THAT THE BEST YOU CAN DO?
B00001QEE5|3.0|This is still by far and way my one of my top 3 favorite Disney films of all time. My only issue with the DVD was that there was no widescreen version (Which was available on Mulan). And Second on the last VHS release  there was a nice making of Documentary why is that not accached. Who Know.  On this one you may want to save your money and see if you can find it on  VHS.
B000028U0Y|5.0|its hard to believe this album was done 30 years ago!its as powerful now as it was then.its raw,and to the point,you wont see any country stars past or present doing a live album with so much love and emotion as this. a must  buy for any true country music fan!
B000031XCR|5.0|In it Celine is unplugged and unbelievable. it surpassed my expectations. Also I liked the song &lt;&lt;Then you look at Me&gt;&gt;. It's very very moving. It moves you along. I couldn't find the sountrack so I got this  album because it contains the Bi-Centennial Man soundtrack. Amazon is so  fast. i got it the very next day.
B000028U0Y|5.0|its hard to believe this album was done 30 years ago!its as powerful now as it was then.its raw,and to the point,you wont see any country stars past or present doing a live album with so much love and emotion as this. a must  buy for any true country music fan!
B00000DHR0|5.0|It's worth buying it. And I'm not the easiest person to please. Its kind of like you went to a encore concert show or something. Thats how you feel after playing it. Like you just got out of an orchestra theater.
B000028U0Y|5.0|its hard to believe this album was done 30 years  ago! its as powerful now as it was then.its raw,and to the point,you wont see any country stars past or present doing a live album with so much emotion!  a must buy for any  true country fan!
0060234814|5.0|The Lion The Witch And The Wardrobe  author    C.S Lewis                           Do you like books that seem real but still have lots of imagination?   This book is just like that.  Some kids go into a magical   wardrobe and travel  into a different world that is enchanted by a evil  witch.  Almost the only things that live there are talking animals.   The  name of this place is Narnia.  The ruler is a mysterious lion named Asalan.   Read this book if you like stories with a lot of imagination that seem  real.  There are seven books all together, they are:                    1  The Magicians Nephew                   2 The Lion the Witch and the  Wardrobe    3 The Horse and His Boy                4 Prince Caspian                         5 The Voyage Of the Dawn Treader        6 The Silver Chair
B000002NAK|5.0|When I first popped this double CD into my player, I was engrossed.  I found myself listening to it over and over again.  The movie based on Webber's Broadway Play far surpasses the original broadway score.  The  melodies and instrumentation are hauntingly beautiful and make the listener  feel the haughty emotion and dirty sleaze of the rags-to-riches life of Eva  Duarte de Peron.  What can I say about Madonna?  She is one of the all time  divas of popular music and this cross-over has proven a good move.  She  breathes new life into the character which benefits from Madonna's power of  presence.  Madonna's powerful vocals are only enhanced by Antonio Banderas'  Latin style.  Who knew that this hulking &quot;Desperado&quot; could sing!    Banderas has definately made a name for himself with his appearance in  this movie, and immaculate singing and interpretation of the humerous  chorusman, Che.  The arrangement of the music just shows what a genius  Andrew Lloyd Webber truly is.  The CD features everything from classical  Spanish guitar to a lamenting Ave Maria-esque dirge featuring a 100-strong  choir.  I recommend this set to anyone, whether you're a fan of musical  theatre, film score, Madonna (actress or pop star), classical music or if  you just like a CD who's music will live a long time.
0192834711|5.0|I have to say that I'm not usually one for detective stories.  I didn't know this was one, I just bought it because it was in English and it was cheap.  I wasn't able to detect whodunnit.  Usually it becomes fairly  obvious.  I did suspect the criminal, as I suspected everyone else in turn.   And it was so superbly written, I had it read in one night.  You don't  have to be a fan of detective novels to read this.  I highly recommend it  and I hope to find some more of Collins' works in Germany.  Otherwise I  will buy some when I go home at Christmas
B0000214F1|3.0|The movie is well acted and the story is compelling enough although it deals with the depraved side of humanity.  It illustrates the contrasting splendor and raunch that was Rome at the time.  The film is beautifully  done and impressive in many scenes, but the visual quality is lacking.  The  resolution and clarity is not what is normally expected with a DVD.  Sound  quality is also mediocre at best.  It appears to be the same quality of a  VHS movie that was made 20 years ago.  Too bad...  I hoped the original  film quality could be preserved digitally on DVD.<br />The featurette  discussing the making of the film was interesting addition to the DVD.   Unfortunately subtitles are not provided.
6303332609|5.0|Now! in my whole life I was never fond of mixed movies and that REALLY goes for putting Comedy and Horror as one. BUT! This movie does it SO WELL! This Movie IS SO Funny!   There is NO way in HELL you could not love this  movie! maby 5 stars is overseeding it as a movie.  But its what I'm gonna  get it.  Since I'm so Happy I own it.
6304698658|4.0|It's a classic, of course, and my son and I laughed our socks off.  But if you already own it on VHS, don't replace it expecting better sound and picture quality.   DVD production was poor.  In particular, the music in  the sound track drowns out the dialogue.  Very annoying.
B00002Z88D|5.0|This cd has Metallica playing their songs at full blast, with the orchestra backing them up.  The orchestra doesn't play the exact same thing that Metallica do, they simply fill in the holes and gives it a more rich  sound. It greatly enhances the songs from Load &amp; also makes Nothing  Else Matters sound better. Songs like Battery and Ktulu don't sound too  well with the orchestra, however.  I'd recommend this album to fans of Load  &amp; the Black Album, and to some extent the hardcore Metallica fan.  If  you only like the older stuff, or are a more of a Rage or KoRn fan, you  probably won't like it too much.
B00000JTB2|3.0|stevie ray was in a class of players that only comes once in alife time.the feelings you get just listing is a rare experence.only wish we had  more of his material thanks amazon.com yours tone
0060920084|3.0|Bryson is a very funny writer.  He pokes fun at everything and everyone, including himself, which is good, because he's clearly a fussy, cheap, crotchety, fat old jerk.  The self-deprecation goes a long way to mitigate  his lack of appeal.  This book is extremely humorous - Bryson's got real  comic timing - but it has all the weight of a Dave Barry column.  Bryson  never explores small town America, despite his purported intent; he just  visits the same tourist traps any of us would on a cross country trip.   This isn't bad, necessarily; it's just not exactly a rumination on the  &quot;lost America.&quot;  If you want that, get William Least Heat-Moon's  Blue Highways or Jonathan Raban's Hunting Mister Heartbreak - two excellent   books about the real underbelly of non-corporate America.  Bryson's book  is a great read, but it doesn't say anything that any halfway observant  person hasn't already grasped about mainstream America.
B00002Z88D|2.0|Apart from a few songs the symphony really doesn't add anything special sounding to the compositions, rather the two worlds of music collide head on creating one ugly jumbled pile of noise. It doesn't really matter anyway  tho because no matter what they release people will buy (why i don't know),  already number 1 in the charts (with other supertalented artists such as  shania twain and celine dion, yeh!).<br />For real technical and brilliant  metal fused with classical music that actually allows for both forms of  music to fuse together and create terrific and beautiful music, listen to  Rhapsody and Therion instead, or aren't they mainstream enough?
0380973642|5.0|Although I read this book a while ago, I distinctly recall the pleasure I felt while reading it.  I stayed up several hours one night, and finished it at work during my lunch break.  For me it was a quick read because it's  insanely interesting.  He has a writing style that made me think about the  book and yearn to read it while we were apart.  Some books I could care  less for, but this one had my constant attention.  Because it consists of  several short stories instead of one long one, you don't need to worry that you'll forget certain plot elements because the longest you'll probably  spend on one story is half an hour.  This book is a great buy.  I'm looking forward to reading Good Omens and Neverwhere, and definitely Smoke and Mirrors again.
B000002H97|1.0|Uninspired, overproduced, boring, simplicity gone wrong creating an ugly cancer that tarnished the expectations of what metal should have been for the entire decade. The pungent, repulsive stench of corporatization will  remain forever, the pouring of salt into the deepened rotting wounds of  metal will continue until all that remains are the ugly scars left as  evidence of this tragedy.<br />In the words of metal god Chuck Schuldiner  (Who? i hear all you metallica &quot;metal&quot; fans ask) &quot;bands like  Metallica don't make it any easier for heavy metal to survive in America.  Metallica has hurt heavy metal as I know it in America because corporate  America looks at what people like that are doing.......&quot; <br />Cliff  shouldn't have died alone all those years ago.
B00000DCER|5.0|The photos of John Lee Hooker,at the booklet inside this cd,show us how old is this man,but no doubtly,his musics are still one of the most beautiful things at the modern blues. This album is marvellous in all the  ways.The participation of artists such,Bonnie Raitt,Van Morrison,Ben  Harper,Eric Clapton....is a great gift for John Lee Hooker,and all of the  bluesfans! The voice of John Lee,is pure,fantastic,and .... eternally!
6304493681|5.0|Ghost in the shell is unquestionably the best anime film i have seen to date.     The animation is brilliant, detailed and well crafted to lend the perfect futuristic feeling to the film. Montage scenes of the city lend to  the feeling of the film.     sound quality is also excellent, with  beautiful 5.1 channel dolby digital sound for the english tracks. if you  prefer subtitles, the japanese track is only 2 channel PCM, and looses  depth, but it is still very good.     finally, the film and it's message  come through clearly without dilluting the fun for someone who just wants  to watch an action packed film, while remaining something to think about in  an ever computerized world for those who choose to.     the only strange  part is motoko's constant nudity. although it isn't gratuitous, and is  necessary for some plot elements, it's still a little strange for an  american to see.     the only downer on the film is the limited character  development that takes place. i only really identified with motoko, not  with anyone else, and only then partially becuase of her aloof nature.      overall, this is a superb film for anime fans and film enthusiasts in  general. a must see.
0140177396|4.0|Of Mice an Men is a great novel.  It sends you back in time to the Great Depression era of the 1930's.  It is a good book for middle school students.  The reason I gave this book four stars is because of the profane  languange used in the book.  Except for the language, this book is a great  book to read.
B000001F4H|4.0|A very fine album.  Judging from the reviews it is getting here, though, it apparently is very much overlooked!<br />While Slowhand is better, this is DEFINITELY worth adding to your collection if you are a Clapton fan.   <br />Enjoy.
B000002R48|5.0|This is without doubt the best DT album (i haven't heard the latest one though so forgive me for that!).  Unfortunately the albums that have preceeded this have never matched the musical masterpeice that is this  album.  From start to finish WDADU flows with melodic harmonies and  complicted time changes that keep you riveted.  The instrumental YTSE Jam  is one of the highlights as well as the last two tracks, which in my mind  is one the most delightdul peices of rock music i have ever heard!   This  album really is that good, its just a shame the rest have not come close.   Buy it and be transcended to a place of immnense musical pleasure!
B000001FAE|5.0|Without hesitation, I would recommend this  album for anyone's collection.  Absolutely  beautiful from beginning to end.  Eric, you're brilliant.
6305426651|1.0|Having a positive attitude and a creative immagination is one thing, but this movie asks us to believe that for the love of his child, a father is able to convince his son that life in a concentration camp is a game.  Albeit a hard and difficult game, but worth the sacrifices and suffering in  order to win the grand prize, a military tank. The denial is overwhelming.  In fact, the denial is so overwhelming that my mind found it impossible to  accept the fantasy, no matter what the reason.
6304143206|5.0|The first time I saw Steven Spielberg's great film &quot;E.T.&quot; was in 1983 in a cinema in my home town. I was six years old. I was totally captivated by it. This is not surprising since youngsters of that age are  quite easily captivated. But today, 16 years later, my opinion on  &quot;E.T.&quot; did not change.  It is impossible to resist the charm and  the ingeniuity of the film. The creature is utterly convincing and a  triumph of imagination. The term &quot;movie magic&quot; was never more  jusified than here. Perhaps &quot;E.T.&quot; is even the film this term was  invented for. I'm really looking forward to the re-release in 2002. Until  then, watch it on the biggest TV set you can get (and the best sound system  to enjoy John Williams' superior score). I do not need to mention that it  is absolutely necessary to rent (better buy) a widescreen edition to see it  in its original 1:1,85 ratio.
078401213X|4.0|Leaving more unsaid than shown, I found this film to be fascinating as well as thought- and discussion-provoking.  For those of us using science as our primary road for a spiritual journey, this movie is a must.
6303577989|5.0|There are movies and then there are movies. And there is David Lean's &quot;Lawrence of Arabia&quot;. When I first saw this film in a cinema four years ago I was simply blown away by the countless striking images, the  fantastic music score and the superior acting. It effortlessly surpassed my  (very high) expectations. However, the most surprising asset of this film  was the screenplay. Epic films tend to be awfully simplistc. They are more  concerned in showing their great art direction, maybe because it was so  expensive. In &quot;Lawrence&quot;, we get characters with edge. After 37  years, &quot;Lawrence&quot; does not show the slightest bit of aging, like  so many films do. It remains of the great milestones in film history.
0312965788|5.0|When I was in 7th grade I recieved All Creatures Great And Small as a Christmas present.  At first I did not know what to make of it, however I had always been an animal lover and decided to take it for a spin.  Never  before had I run through the entire spectrum of emotions while reading a  novel.  Sad and dissapointed when an animal is lost, tense when a life is  on the line, and relief when the patient has been brought back from an  untimely death.  There is no better description of Jim Herriot(White)than  that of an eloquent story-teller.  He does not try and elevate his  vocabulary so as to be difficult to understand, but states his experiences  as a country Veterinarian in ways which are somehow able to draw the reader  into the enchanting setting of early 20th century Yorkshire, England.  Now  a junior in High School, I have this book to thank for steering me in the  direction of Veterinary medicine as a future career.  Reading this novel  has changed my life, and may do the same for you.
6302453356|4.0|My 3 year old boy cried at the end.  This is the first time we have seen him show an emotional reaction to a movie.  He absolutly loved it, and your kids will too.
0875845851|5.0|This book ranks at the top of my list along with the Wheelwright and Clark books on product development.  Clayton is a brilliant man and very innovative in his analysis resulting in one of the best management books of  the decade.  If you are managing innovation, you need to read this book.
B00002MZ2C|1.0|Evil Empire was much better than this CD. The only good song is Gorilla Radio because it actually has a riff (which gets really monotous after a minute). All of the rest of the CD is just totally abstract music and  screaming of political injustice and racism. I wish that I had never bought  this CD.
6305635439|2.0|An worthy story about a decadent time. However the graphical sex, and nudity distract from what  otherwise would be a good movie. I bought a copy of this, then had to destroy it. I could have saved myself the time and the  money, not to mention the &quot;mental invasion&quot; had I noticed that  Bob Guccioni and Penthouse were the producers.  This movie could, and  should have been filmed with more discretion, however it is obvious to me  that it was an opportunity from the beginning to somehow legitimize an  industry that is systematically destroying our culture.  No thanks Bob. The  sex in this film is explicit and real, including the orgies.  This is  something I would hope that our culture has risen above.  But it seems some  of us would leap at the chance to re-create it and sensationalize it.  What's next? A murder movie with a real murder in it?
0553274503|5.0|This intriguing book about human intelligence and its manipulation shows the problems of changing nature's gifts. By reading it you'll find the keys to friendship and self-esteem between individuals that think quite  differently. It was very exciting and convincing. You'll cry reading it and  won't put it down. The end makes you want to read it again. I would  recommend it to everybody.
B00000JJHZ|5.0|Anyone who is not familiar with this record will be blown away by both its timeless music and its brilliant performances.  I will not get into that here; I would refer such readers to the vast body of commentary on this  classic.<br />As for this 24-bit/96kHz version of Coltrane's immortal classic,  I can only say &quot;Wow!&quot;  This DVD realizes the full potential of  the 24-bit/96kHz audio format provided for in the DVD spec.  I did an A/B  comparison of this and the MFSL gold CD; the difference was night and day.   It was like having one's ears cleaned. Every subtlety of the original  performance is preserved here, from the soft valve noise of the horns to  the clarity and definition of the room ambience and the clean, punchy  percussiveness of the drums.  Original tape hiss is virtually nonexistent,  and the higher frequencies are smooth as silk.  If you do not own this  record, this is the version to get.  If you own the CD, get this and hear  what you've been missing all these years.
0553274503|5.0|This book is about a man call Charlie Gordon,who wanted to be intelligent because he was mentally challange. When he finally got smart he realizes that being smart is not everything. And that sometimes life is better as it  is. i recomendet because si a book witch helps you think that there are  many people who just wish to have half of the happines you have. IS worth  to read!.
B000002WEH|5.0|It is one of his greatest achivements but do not buy it<br />Purchase the new compilation:<br />The Memphis 1969 Anthology: Suspicous Minds<br />It has all 31 songs he recorded at American Sound Studios in Memphis in 1968 and they are  all digitally remastered with inclusion of alternate takes.
0812034465|3.0|I just finished the book &quot;To Kill A Mockingbird&quot;for my 8th grade Honors Language Arts class. Throughout the story, I enjoyed how Mrs. Harper Lee described all the characters and their actions in detail. This story  really relates to all kids old and small. It had a humourous feel at  sometimes as well as having some good morals and lessons taught. It tells  people in this time how blacks were treated unreasonably and how you should  treat everyone as and equal and work hard to get what you want to be a  respected individual. It also shows how kids a lot of the time can be  curious and that kids also know more than they are taken to know. I hope  you will give this book a try because I know people of all ages will enjoy  it!
B000002WEW|5.0|It is a great album but do not buy it.<br />Instead purchase: Elvis Aloha From Hawaii                    25th Anniversary Edition<br />It has remastered sound, added tracks and added  speaking parts by Elvis to the audience.<br />I  would only give this origal disc 3 stars due to  sound quality.
B000003POI|5.0|All one can really say is this: In the cold of November, Bicycle Dan strapped on the headphones, dialed up the Blue Mask, ate seven Energy Bars and played the Title Track three times before riding to victory in the  Thanksgiving Cyclecross Challenge (technically, he was, however,  disqualified after knocking over one of the course's obstacles).  Lou's art  is an inspiration to us all.<br />Res Ipsa.
B000002KK2|5.0|When I first heard this album, I fell in love with her voice - then saw the cover and fell in love with her!  A wonderful album, beautifully recorded; great instrumentation and lyrics.  Love the high-hat in 'Easy  Money.'
B000003POI|5.0|All one can really say is this: In the cold of November, Bicycle Dan strapped on the headphones, dialed up the Blue Mask, ate seven Energy Bars and played the Title Track three times before riding to victory in the  Thanksgiving Cyclecross Challenge (technically, he was, however,  disqualified after knocking over one of the course's obstacles).  Lou's art  is an inspiration to us all.<br />Res Ipsa.
B000002KJM|5.0|Saw these guys in El Paso Tex. in 1971 opening for Ten Years After, who was still riding high on the strength of their Woodstock performance. No one in the audience had heard of ZZ Top yet and ignored them when they were  introduced. Everyone kept getting high and throwing frisbees. Billy  anounced that they had spent the day in Juarez, Mexico and done some  shopping. Dusty Hill showed off some nice rowal spurs to go with his boots.  Then they kicked into Shakin' Your Tree and the entire audience stopped,  jaws dropped, everyone turned their attention to the stage and from then on  we partied like tribal primitives who had just discovered fire. We knew we  had been blessed. Ten Years After had no chance to shine as a headliner  that night. Amazing what one guitar and one amp can do. The Chicago band  Milhous (found here on Amazon) covers (live) Bedroom Thang for the sheer  joy of experiencing the riffs. The drumming on the First Album is as good  as I've ever heard from anyone in rock, since.
B00000K19E|4.0|There are a million reviews here so I'm not going to elaborate.  My husband said this is one of the best movies he's ever seen in his life.  I wouldn't go that far, but I thoroughly enjoyed it for it's visual aspects,  the writing and the story.  <br />This type of genre is somewhat similar to  that of the movie &quot;Dark City&quot;.  If you enjoyed &quot;The  Matrix&quot;, I highly recommend that movie as well.
B000009RC2|4.0|I must confess that I too was fortunate enough to have heard the band live. I graduated from the high school of Music&amp; Art in N.Y in summer of '74. Billy Cobham ( a former grad ) was at my graduation as a special  inductee guest. I'll never forget the ovation he got from students and  faculty alike. The respect for the most part for his collaberations with  John Mclaughlin and Jan Hammer in what was the band of the decade.When one  listens to the Inner Mounting Flame whether it's John's breathtaking speed  on his intricate composition INNER MOUNTING FLAME, or Cobham's dominance on  the indian classical VITAL TRANSFORMATION, you couldn't deny that there was  a celestial music event occuring. That wave would soon push the  word   &quot;fusion&quot; from the physics books to the music scene.I still  perform music to this day because I was inspired by this beheamoth  super-nova of an album, and the riches that ensued from the 'Celestial  Giants&quot;.
B000000WJK|5.0|I have been a big fan of the Verve since Urban Hymns and was definitely looking for another album to get.  I bought Storm in Heaven because of the recommendations and THEY WERE RIGHT.  After hearing the album just once, I  was sold.  THIS IS A GREAT ALBUM.  For anyone who is a Verve fan, this is a  must have.
B000002HMH|3.0|This is the first metallica album I bought and I loved it until I bought justies. It is a good cd but it is not heavy metal
0618002219|4.0|I have never been a fantasy lover until I read, &quot;The Hobbit&quot;.  As I read the book, I actually forgot where I was because it was so interesting.  I loved the sarcastic vocablulary that J.R.R. Tolkein used  throughout the book.  This is an excellent book for middle grade students  to read.  It gives them the chance to step out of reality and broadens  their imagination.
B00000253N|4.0|This is Dylan's best. The production values, unfortunately, are awful. And I personally don't care for the organ... I had heard that Columbia is re-releasing &quot;Tracks&quot; with demos from the recording vault, in  which Dylan sings with only guitar accompaniment. Can anyone verify this?
6302548195|5.0|I'm looking for a copy of Pumping Iron for a friend for christmas, if anyone knows where I can get my hands on one please e-mail me at<br />mjjeffery@sprint.ca
B0000025T6|5.0|In the Dictionary under the word haunting, there should be: see also: Nebraska by Bruce Springsteen. While it is not his best album, it is an incredible achievement. Bruce draws you into a nightmare from which there  is no escape. The characters from Born to Run and the E Street Shuffle that  were so optimistic and full of energy and hope, are now leading lives of  fear, desperation, and hopelessness. The album's underproduction only adds  to the raw power of Springsteen's narrative's. If you are new to Bruce, buy  Darkness on the Edge of Town or Born to Run before you buy this. It is not  for the faint of heart.
B00002Z88D|5.0|On Tuesday, November 23, I picked up S&amp;M at Virgin Megastore in Times Square, NYC before attending Metallica's third and final (for now at least) symphony show at Madison Square Garden. The concert was undoubtedly the  most electric experience I've ever felt, and I'm sure 18,000 others that  night would have agreed. The CD sounds great, with AWESOME vocals from  James for a live CD. The band played flawlessly and the symphony enriched  the already complex music. This has made new Metallica fans out of some of  my friends, and it totally satisfied this long-time 'Tallica fan. Highly  recommended!
B00000JCB2|1.0|One year from now used CD stores will be flooded with copies of this CD. It really is terrible. It is one of the few CD's that I've listened to that every aspect of it is terrible: the lyrics, the instruments, every sound  made on this CD is horrible!
B000002G26|5.0|Over the past few years(15yrs),Bryan has come up with song after song about love, heroism, tragady, happyness and rock -n- roll with an american attitude. This guy rocks. Thats why this cd kicks american tail. You cannot  be an american an not like the sound Bryan makes . This cd is a collection  of his best tunes over the last 15yrs or so .
B00002Z88D|5.0|Now that many popular rock/metal bands in the U.S. have decided to jump aboard the &quot;rock/hip-hop&quot; bandwagon, it's good to see that at least one band still has good taste. This CD has most of Metallica's best  songs and a few new ones. &quot;no leaf clover&quot; is my personal  favorite of the new songs. All in all, Metallica's newest offering is a  great new addition to any music enthusiast's collection, whether they may  be fans of Metallica, aficionados of classical music, or just people who  are interested in listening to a great musical mix.
0425107469|5.0|I loved this book from start to finish.  I read this book when I was 16 and have read many other Dean Koontz books, but this has to be the best one yet.  You'll laugh, you'll cry, and you'll be terrified.  It was just so  intense that I could not put this book down.  I recomend it to any Dean  Koontz fan.
B000007OY0|5.0|The Shawshank Redemption is an underrated hit that will have you caring and feeling for these men behind bars. This story revolves around a group of men living behind the walls of Shawshank Prison.  Andy(Tim Robbins)  convicted of murdering his wife and Redd(Morgan Freeman) lead a small group  of prisioners in there daily routines.  A dishonest warden and a merciless  guard give them enough troubles just getting through the day.  Through work  details and private endevours, these men live for hope.  Only hope can get  them through Shawshank.  In the words of Andy and Redd, &quot;get busy  living, or get busy dying.&quot; A excellent film, masterfully told, but  with some adult themes and language children won't enjoy.
B00003003R|1.0|OK whats going on !  did Guns N` Roses daid from a crush plain or something !  are they alive ? because the things they are doing now should be done by THE DOORS ! i love guns . but come on we need NEW songs  and i hope it wont sound like Oh my God . look at Metallica every year or  so they are up to somthing new . Please AXL we need  somthing NEW .
0345360338|5.0|WOW, Of the triology(Here be Dragons, Falls the Shadow and The Reconing) I'd have to say that this and the last were my favorites. SKP makes you get to know, love and hate these characters. When one of my favorite characters  died, I felt a real loss, thats some powerful writing!  keep them coming  SKP, cause I'll keep reading!
B0000214F1|2.0|I SAW this movie on the big screen 20 years ago. Now I see it is digitally re-edited... poor scene transitions and crops when not needed. The color and sound is still great, except when the sound STOPS at a bad edit. It's  still watchable, but barely. I was going to put it in my &quot;must  keep&quot;, but the flimsy box is also disappointing. For the most part the  acting and timing are perfect.
0920668372|1.0|I'm sorry, but this book reaked. I mean I feel that the situations in the book carry motherly love just a little far.  Maybe the writting is endearing to some. As for me I found this mother to be &quot;without a  life&quot;.  It made it seem like all mothers do is live for their children  with no independent life of their own.  As much as I love my children (boy  and girl), I wouldn't want to think of them as my baby for the rest of my  life.  I rejoice in sharing their growth and knowledge with the world.   Maybe this mom and son live on a secluded island (planet) and neither  realizes that there is indeed a real world where children do grow up and  parents do lead their own lives.  The part where she climbs through the  window really made me sick.  I asked myself &quot;what's wrong with this  woman?&quot; Then I thought, &quot;Oh I get it. She climbs through the  window because her son is so sick of her that he won't open the door&quot;.  My advice to all mother's, &quot;Get a life so your children will enjoy  having one.&quot;
0440219078|5.0|I loved the book.It's great how the author describes the memorys extremly well.Its my absoulut favorite book. I recommend to grades 6 and up.She put alot of details in her words. Its good also that jonas has alot of  expresion
1881273156|5.0|If you truly want to have a lasting relationship with your spouse, this book is a must to have.  Keep your own copy and give or spread the word to other.  Its a book  that you will want to read over and over.  When I  started doing my  husband's love language,  he became more positive and now  we are doing great.  This is my third marriage, and I wanted God in the  mix.   Read for yourself or get the tapes.  It can do nothing but GOOD for  your marriage too.
0553573403|5.0|Fantasy seems to have become the flavor of choice and GeorgeR.R. Martin is a most welcome recruit to the ranks of fantasyauthors. Martin has a top pedigree in the field of science fiction and his first sally into fantasy shows his caliber.  A Game of Thrones is the first volume of an epic series A Song of Fire and Ice and it gets the series off to a running start as it sketches in the great families of Westeros; the Baratheons, the Starks, the Lannisters and the rest of them. This is a world where weather patterns are strangely affected, but the faiths and foibles of humankind remain the same. A sweeping saga follows, of male bonding and betrayal, of feminine wiles and wickedness, of children thrust overnight into adulthood by harsh fate. In effect, Martin is laying the groundwork for the rest of the series, like the first movement of a massive symphony. The book's strength is picturization of scenery and strong characterization. Martin's descriptions of the landscape and the creatures that occupy it is masterful, creating a sharp mental picture of life in these parts. His characters too are sharply delineated (perhaps a bit too sharply? Very little of grey, most of the characters are black or white) and one can easily imagine the crippled Imp making up in wits what he lacks in inches, Robert Baratheon's easygoing and ultimately foolish nature, Ned Stark's fundamental honorableness.  Synopsizing the story is a difficult task; how  does one summarize a saga? In essence, the book sets the stage for the  breakup of the seven kingdoms, driven by incompetence, incest, hate and  plain old fashioned jealousy. Robert is slain through treachery and the  great houses begin to war among themselves. Ambition and greed combine to  fracture the land with new competing kings arising to claim the throne. In  the background, the common people have a hard time of it, the old dynasty's  remnants begin to stir, threatening a possible return and in the far north,  fell creatures out of legend return with the onset of winter to threaten  the very existence of humankind.  A bravura effort indeed. But Martin is careless of his readers needs in 2 major areas. First, though this is a whole new setting in a different world, Martin disdains a prologue, leaving the reader to patch together the history that preceded Robert's ascension to the throne. True there are numerous hints to enable the reader to do so but it can be pretty irritating to assemble the jigsaw. Second, Martin does not appear to like cartography. Westeros, where the story is set for the most part, is mapped perfunctorily at best with huge gaps in geography. The rest of the world (the Free Cities, the Dothraki Sea, the Asshai) are not charted at all. Given how much geography influences the story, it is quite annoying to not have a map to help the reader picture the plot better.  Despite these nit-picks however, I cannot recommend this book highly enough. Do not be put off by its size or complexity; the story is worth the effort of keeping track of multiple threads.legend return with the onset of winter to threaten  the very existence of humankind.   A bravura effort indeed. But Martin is careless of his readers needs in 2 major areas. First, though this is a whole new setting in a different world, Martin disdains a prologue, leaving the reader to patch together the history that preceded Robert's ascension to the throne. True there are numerous hints to enable the reader to do so but it can be pretty irritating to assemble the jigsaw. Second, Martin does not appear to like cartography. Westeros, where the story is set for the most part, is mapped perfunctorily at best with huge gaps in geography. The rest of the world (the Free Cities, the Dothraki Sea, the Asshai) are not charted at all. Given how much geography influences the story, it is quite annoying to not have a map to help the reader picture the plot better.    Despite these nit-picks however, I cannot recommend this book highly enough. Do not be put off by its size or complexity; the story is worth the effort of keeping track of multiple threads.
B00002MZ2T|5.0|When I bought their first self-titled album I was like &quot;this is so amazing&quot;, but when I bought their second album &quot;Affirmation&quot; amazing wasn't just enought. They are true artist. What a beautiful piece  of work. Their music really touched my heart. Well done Daniel and Darren!
B00000F1D3|5.0|This is my first album by Cher. I have many cds, but this is my favorite. The best songs are: Believe, The Power (also recorded on Amy Grant's 1994 album, House of Love), Runaway, Stong Enough, and Dov'e L'amore. I would  recommend this album to anyone who likes Cher's music or a new collector.
B00000J8EK|3.0|If you are like me and enjoy dance music but cannot dance, then Surrender is for you. The Brothers seem to have brought together a delicious combination of trancey, poppy and singable dance tunes blended with the  best in guest vocalling. It is an album that inspires a certain edge of  pulse-racing rhythm in all of us, and certain tracks that will stick like  glue include &quot;Let Forever Be&quot; and &quot;Hey Boy Hey Girl&quot;.  Both are catchy and employ a &quot;can't get it out of my head&quot;  feeling, which easily markets the rest of the album. A bit damp compared to  their rocky influence in the past, but still a remarkable achievement.  Enjoy.
B000031XCR|3.0|Celine Dion's &quot;All The Way&quot; combines nine of her past hits along with seven new tracks to create an album that's half greatest hits, half new material. <br />As with any greatest hits collection, there will be  arguments over what should and shouldn't have been included. Among the  featured tracks are her &quot;Titanic&quot; hit &quot;My Heart Will Go  On&quot; and one of her best efforts to date, &quot;Because You Loved  Me&quot;. Among her missing hits are her US debut single &quot;Where Does  My Heart Beat Now&quot;; &quot;When I Fall In Love&quot;, from the  &quot;Sleepless in Seattle&quot; soundtrack; &quot;Power of the  Dream&quot;, an uplifting b-side that was featured prominently during the  1996 Summer Olympics broadcast; and &quot;Nothing Broken But My  Heart&quot;. But you could only fit so much on half a CD. <br />The second  half consists of newly recorded material, including a nicely performed  &quot;duet&quot; with Frank Sinatra on the title track. The highlight of  the new tracks is &quot;That's The Way It Is&quot;, a surprisingly light  and upbeat tune from a singer known more for her power ballads. &quot;Then  You Look At Me&quot;, &quot;Live&quot;, and &quot;If These Walls Could  Talk&quot; are typical Celine ballads: not bad, but not extraordinary.  <br />This is Celine Dion's last recording for some time; It gives diehard and  casual fans a chance to hear some new songs while reliving her past glory.
6305537550|5.0|Halloween is, without a doubt, the most potent of horror movies. It is ok to call it a classic and fully deserving of its repeated re-release status. Michael Myers, after spending fifteen years in a lunatic asylum, returns to  his hometime to exact hideous serial murders on the residents. At first,  his motive seems vague, but we learn that it is his family he is here to  get! Dr Loomis (the late and great Donald Pleasance) leads the hunt against  Myers with original scream queen (Jamie Lee Curtis) providing cat and mouse  factor. The film is well shot, with an eery soundtrack and paranormal  outcome. Excellent casting, brilliant setting and delicious originality  creates a film that is truly frightening... If we watch Halloween now, we  can see why Scream is popular in this generation; and why sequals are still  reeling in the cash. Halloween gave the modern horror masters an  inspiration - who says that serial killers don't inspire people?
0451160916|3.0|A rather long(-winded?) book for such a simple yet remarkable and imaginative story.  Sometimes suspenseful, sometimes boring, but certainly not scary or horrific.  The film on the other hand....
6303686745|5.0|&quot;Fail Safe,&quot; the story of how mechanical failures lead the world to the brink of nuclear war, has to be one of the scariest movies ever made. It's scary because something like that could really happen. The film  asks: Is our own cleverness, and urge to be the most powerful in the world,  leading to the downfall of our planet? Of coarse, the film doesn't quite  answer. We have to decide. We're helped in our decision by a seasoned group  of great actors, who play different kinds of military officials and  government advisors. Most notable are Walter Matthau as a bloodthirsty  Pentagon advisor, and Henry Fonda as a very human president dealing with  the fate of humanity on his shoulders. Sidney Lumet gives us a trgic and  moving story, and must be commended for not going out of his way for a  happy ending.
6305426651|5.0|The first 1/2 hour sets up the personality of the Father.  Showing how he tries to make life beautiful no matter what situation he is in, but to me the REAL story begins when he &amp; his son are taken to the concentration  camp; and he gets the boy to believe it is a 'game' to win 'THE BEST  PRIZE.&quot;  Very touching movie I'd love to watch again. Will buy it as  soon as the price goes down.  Even my teen-age grandaughter watched it and  enjoyed it very much.
0380973464|1.0|Although this book's premise is engaging I find wading through his murky prose at times unbearable. His style often makes me think he gets paid by the word. He remains a writer in desperate need of a editor. Also there are  typos in the book a spell checker would catch.
B00001QGPS|5.0|Didn't you read the title of this review?<br />What more do you need to know?<br />Alright I'll break it down, Red &amp; Meth combined the hottest beats all year with the tighest lyrics. If you don't like this album....you  don't really like Hip-Hop and ya may as well keep that Blink 182 cd in the  chamber.<br />Blackout is as much as any Hip-Hop fan has right to  expect.<br />Red &amp; Meth: keep doing what ya doing.
B00001ZWTS|1.0|Quite possibly the worst movie I've ever seen - and I'm a Will Smith fan.  Avoid this one like the plague.
B0000025HU|5.0|London Calling is absolutely the best rock album of the 70's (or the 80's for that matter).  Diversity is the hallmark of this album that show's the range of The Clash -- from the out-right roar of 'Hateful' and 'Death or  Glory' to the laidback but driven 'Jimmy Jazz' and 'Lost in the  Supermarket' with something of nearly everything in-between -- this is the  kind of rock album, and music, no one can put out today --because they  haven't got a thimblefull of the same drive, or talent, as The Clash.  An  album that more than stands the test of time.  Nearly a living, breathing,  entity and not some worn-out, played-out, soul-less, one-speed media  creation -- that typifies nearly everything in music since disco reared its  hideous head.  London Calling will be your most listened to album.
B00000JG41|5.0|Je suis bien franais et j' attends toujours la tourne..
0393312836|4.0|I would like to begin by saying that I chose this book for a high school book report.  I am not sure if I would recommend it for other high school students except for juniors and seniors in honors classes.  It is difficult  to overlook the violence to get to its true meaning.  The story was  incredibly interesting because it is so different from anything else I've  read.  Nothing can give you the same disturbing feeling that this story  can.  I also recommend the movie.
B000002BHE|5.0|Celine did a great job with this record. It's excellent! &quot;All By Myself&quot; sends chills down my spine and &quot;It's All Coming Back To Me Now&quot; is fantastic! She chooses the best songs and that voice! Just  because she doesn't write her songs doesn't mean she isn't any good.
0060977493|5.0|I listened to this book on tape (narrated by Donada Peters) and it knocked my socks off.  This book is like a symphony with repeated themes and musical language.  Baby Kochama, Kerala, Ayamenem, Malayalem, even Paradise  Pickles and Preserves - just say these aloud to hear how they sing.  After  reaching the end of the book, I listened to the first tape all over again  and was amazed at the little hints that had been planted in the first  chapter regarding the final outcome of the story.  I had to return the tape  to the library or I would have listened to the whole thing again.  Once you  know the characters and their back stories and the central tragedy of the  novel, you read the book in a whole new way - as a knowing observer who is  helpless to stop the coming events.  Amazing that this book really covers  only a 2 week period of time.  It is over a week now since I finished the  book, but I cannot get these characters or the story off my mind.  This is  definitely one of the most beautiful, powerful, haunting, and provocative  books I have ever read.
6301697707|5.0|All I can say is that Kevin Bacon and Fred Ward should be very proud. THIS IS A MUST HAVE MOVIE It has been my favourite movie for 3 years!
6305627401|5.0|This had to be the funniest movie I have ever seen. And most certainly the most offensive as well. Parker and Stone left nothing sacred in this hilarious satire of the movie industry, and parental values.<br /><br />Like every  episode of South Park, it has an important message or two hidden in what  Kyle's mom would most certainly consider toilet humor. The Les Miserables parody was classic, proving that there really is some level of sophistication in Stone and Parker's humor... But who cares about that when  you get to see Cartman's last stand against evil with only his vile tongue to protect him!<br /><br />While there's not much on the disc for extras, this movie rules supreme over all animated comedies. I also highly recommend that you watch the \\"Unclef*cker\\" scene with the French language track turned on. I don't know exactly why, but it seemed twice as funny in French.<br /><br />Anyone not entertained by this movie has some major issues and has to learn to not take things so seriously. Don't think about it! Just watch it for what it is, and you WILL enjoy it!
0312117337|5.0|My sister gave me one, it is great fun!  Each card is a work of art on it's own.  As a bonus, each card comes with an explained meaning and also an &quot;application&quot; meaning broken down for use in daily life.  I  give it away as a gift often.  Over the past year I have bought 5 and every  one I have given, played with or loaned the cards to loves it!
0783222955|5.0|Brilliant! The story is compelling and truly haunting. It brings to life the best and the worst of which society and individuals are capable. Atticus is an amazing character of courage, integrity and modesty. Gregory  Peck IS Atticus Finch. His portrayal is so convincing that he is exactly  the phenomenal gentleman Harper Lee wrote of.  His conviction to justice  and respect for all people is unwavering and the epitome of character we  all should possess. The movie is haunting.  I saw it first as a child and  never forgot it.  I saw it again in my teens and was overwhelmed. As an  adult I have a full appreciation for its perfection and a great admiration  for the broad spectrum of life's lessons it brought to the screen.  A must  see movie, a must read book. Be sure to do both.  You won't be  dissapointed. Bravo!
B00000DHRZ|5.0|This is the only cd that I have ever give five stars to. The reason is because this is one of the only cds that I don't get bored of and I love the sound of it. All the songs keep a very fast beat and none of the songs  are love lyrics. All the lyrics refer to common day life views and things  that go on. I can't really pick a favorite song for this cd because I love  all the songs. If you like this cd as much as I do you should look at some  other Offspring cds like Smash and Ixnay on the Hombre.
B00003003R|5.0|Guns n' Roses can do no wrong and the world is not the same without them!
B00000DHRZ|5.0|This is the only cd that I have ever give five stars to. The reason is because this is one of the only cds that I don't get bored of and I love the sound of it. All the songs keep a very fast beat and none of the songs  are love lyrics. All the lyrics refer to common day life views and things  that go on. I can't really pick a favorite song for this cd because I love  all the songs. If you like this cd as much as I do you should look at some  other Offspring cds like Smash and Ixnay on the Hombre.
0784011796|5.0|This is a question serious philosophers snort  at when they hear.  Any of the most profound questions we come up with as kids are ignored by the know-it-alls who know nothing.  Such is a question asked in Pi, a  film that works on many levels among them:  avant garde filmmaking, asking  if there is an intelligence behind all that exists, and finding the pattern  of  that intelligence, implementation of electronic music effectively,  theoretical physics, and chaos theory.  Max Cohen finds the secret to  the whole universe; both an Einstein and Christ of his generation who can't  handle this ultimate knowledge.  This film enters a realm we will  spend the whole next millenium trying to understand.
0767827694|3.0|I read the book first as part of a literature class. I thoroughly enjoyed the book. The movie (maybe as always) leaves you wanting more. Cinematography, music were very good. Why can't the director include  someone reading the excellent Woolfian interior narrative during the scenes  where the protagonist is just staring at the camera? Is it money? Is this a  new idea? Has the director read the book? So, it is OK, but the stares at  the camera seemed like dead space.
B000000NN1|5.0|I bought this CD to set the mood as I am typing my latest script.  What I needed was music that would set the tone of being in Hell and Heaven.  Vangelis does that quite well! True, most Vangelis fans are more familiar  with his wonderful melodies such as Chariots of Fire.  Heaven and Hell Part  II, the fourth song has a great Gregorian-like chant with bells and is one  of my favorite songs by Vangelis.  Very Powerful! Yet, most people that  hear this CD appear to be quite upset with the lack of pleasant melodies,  which I believe is Vangelis just drawing the picture of Hell through  music...which he does wonderfully.  Again, Vangelis is striking moods here,  not melodies.  If you like mood music, like soundtracks....do yourself a  favor and buy this treasure.
B00000F1D3|5.0|HELLO PPLZ CHER IS SO HIP AND COOL THOSE OF YOU WHO HAVENT HAD THE CHANCE TO SHAKE YOUR GROOVY THING &lt;--OLD NAVY COMMERCIAL. THEN U NEED TO GET 'IN' AND GET WITH CHER!
B000002C2E|5.0|I fully agree with the writer from Arlington who commented that this album may be so subtle that it could escape some people who don't give it a chance. I know that I didn't like it when I first heard it. I thought it  was nothing but cliches. I put it on the shelf for months. Then I decided  to try again, and the more I heard it, the more I began to feel that there  is a great depth to it that isn't apparent on the surface. Now when I  listen to it while driving, I become completely absorbed in it, in a way  that hasn't happened in a long time with any other album. I do think it is  very dark. I happen to love the joyous New Morning album too, and I think  that this is its exact opposite... even more so than Blood On The Tracks.  It's been said that the opposite of love is not hate, it's indifference...  there is an element of pain-informed indifference to much of this album. I  think it may be a better album than Blood... In closing I was about to say  &quot;give it a listen&quot; but... give it 5 or 10 listens, then make up  your mind.
B000002HIK|5.0|This was the very first CD i ever bought, so I hope you can understand my feelings towards it. It's like the old teddy bear your grandmother gave you as a gift when you were still a kid. It's the smell of fine tobacco, when  your grandfather smoked his cigars during the days of Blitzkrieg. It's from  the time when grass was greener and could be smoked better.<br />It's what I  would choose, if I had to save one item from my burning home.
B000002JSH|5.0|If this isn't a fanominal display of rock'n'roll talent I haven't the slightest clue what is! Yes, this is one of, if not the absolute best album, in rock'n'roll, that has ever been recorded and sold in stores. If  you love rock'n'roll, you should definatly save up some cash and buy this  album. Hey, if you don't think this is a great album then, you must not be  one of the lucky who helped it grow to be a gold album, then a platinum  album, then a double platinum album, then finally a triple platinum album.  Gold=100,000 copies sold, Platinum=1,000,000 copies sold, 2  Platinum=2,000,000 copies sold, and 3 Platinum=3,000,000 copies sold. If  you don't fully agree that going triple Plat. is incredible then listen to  this. There are 265 million people in the US, and SS went 3 Plat., that  means that 12% of the people in the US owned a copy of Straight Shooter.  Now, if I haven't pursueded you to own a copy too then you must not no much  about music. If you now want to rush out and get it today then, MAN, you  have made a wise choice.
0446525537|5.0|He's done it again. Nicholas Sparks has written another story that once you pick up, you can't put down.  I read the entire book in one sitting.  I found it enchanting and so refreshing, I will probably read it again this  weekend!
0399230033|5.0|My son and I loved this book when he was young and he still loves to look at it when he thinks I'm not looking (he's now 10).  Actually, he was the one who brought so many of the details in this charming book to my  attention.  Notice the color of the keys and the color of the cage bars,  the banana, the toys in the animals cages and, our favorite, the balloon.   I always give this book to young nieces, nephews and friends.
0060975768|5.0|Great book. I have a new found respect for those boys..
B000002H6C|5.0|If there is one back catalogue that needs remastering, Metallica is it. The first four releases, each classics in their own right, often suffer from bad production that limits the effect of the music. Although the  effect is minimal on &quot;Kill 'Em All&quot; and can be dealt with on  &quot;Ride the Lightning&quot; and &quot;Master of Puppets,&quot; the sound  quality of &quot;...And Justice For All&quot; is pathetic. The scope of  great music on this disc (&quot;One,&quot; &quot;Blackened,&quot; the title  track) is almost consumed by the lack of decent sound. Instead of releasing  double albums with orchestras, Metallica should go back to this album and  re-record it. That's right, record every track again and make it sound even  better. The material is here, and it is classic, but something needs to be  done about the way it sounds.
B000031XCR|5.0|I love this album! Its a must have for any Celine fan, or just anyone who enjoys all-around good quality music. Its so great that Celine has finally released a Greatest Hits album. I love all the old songs on it. And the new  songs are great too!   Of them, my favorites are Then You Look At Me,  That's The Way It Is, and I Want You To Need Me.  Live, All The Way, The  First Time Ever I Saw Your Face, and If Walls Could Talk are all good songs  too! Honestly, the only thing keeping me from giving this album a 10 (or  even an 11 :), is that they (Sony ? ) left off Where Does My Heart Beat  Now. This is one of the songs that I would've most expected to be on there.  It was Celine's first big hit. And for her not really being known in the US  at that time, it was BIG! I can't understand why this song was not  added...<br />Sarah
B00000JCOV|5.0|This Creepy Band of nine members and it works for them very well. The singing is a little hoarse but it still rocks! And if you get this cd watch out for the drums...spectatular!  If your not sure if you want the cd buy  the video first.
B000002NFM|5.0|Wow, I have and always will be astounded by the Prodigy. As a fan of hardcore metal/rock I still find the Prodigy to be a fantastic group working with genuine talent and modesty. Their music has explored a variety  of styles and created some very atmospheric tunes (Minefields is a  particular favourite). Its so refreshing to see that Prodigy have stepped  into the charts on many occasions yet retained their style and character...  whatever that may be. It's also refreshing to see something I would call  music actually get into the charts, you can always see this is a group  which is passionate about what they create and cares about what they put  out. Highly recommended.
B000002GFC|5.0|Here is the finest of Cream - the 60s' mythical trio which gave rock a new definition and took blues as far as it has ever been taken. Eric Clapton's virtuoso guitar, Jack Bruce's mesmerising musicianship, Ginger Baker's guru  drumming - it's all in this album, all at its best! Included are epic  tracks like &quot;Sunshine of Your Love&quot;, &quot;I Feel Free&quot;,  &quot;Spoonful&quot;, &quot;Strange Brew&quot;, &quot;White Room&quot;,  &quot;Badge&quot;... a non-stop succession of the cream of Cream, the 19  best studio recordings, topped up by the legendary live rendition of  &quot;Crossroads&quot;.  It is remarkable that, untypically, the producers  have made an honest effort to include all the best songs in the  compilation, not leaving ground for &quot;The Vey Best, part 2&quot;. The  only problem with this release is it's so good (and that includes, at least  to my ears, the sound quality) it will instantly make you want to buy all  of the original albums - and that might as well be a wise decision.  However, if you're quite sure you only want one CD by Cream, then,  undoubtedly, this is it!
0064400557|5.0|Charlotte's Web is a gripping tale of Wilbur, the farm pig, and Charlotte, a spider. They meet on the farm and they become friends. Their friendship grows with every turn of a page. This book deals with friendship, cooperation, and death. This is an ideal book for children.
0790731231|5.0|The quintessential story of all time, Scorsese delivers a film that deserved much more recognition.  The direction is superb, form the freeze frames and voice over to the classic cafe conversation betwen Henry and  Jimmy, paving the way for the De Niro Pacino showndown in Heat. Joe Pesci  won an Oscar for his role as pychotic Tommy, but the award could have  easily gone to De Niro for his bustling dealing Jimmy Conway.  As Henry  Hill, the man who trades in a life in the mob for freedom, Ray Liotta has  never been better, and the Oscar whispers around this near perfect  performance has never been equalled. The story itself is a wonderful piece,  first charming and glorifying the power of the mob before savagely showing  the downfall of Hill, particularly due to drug abuse, Scorsese has never  been bettered in the portrayal of coaine addiction than in this film.  Pilleggi's story is a masterpiece, convereted to the screen by the greatest  living filmaker and should rightly be considered as a defining moment of  our generation.
B00000JCOV|5.0|This Creepy Band of nine members and it works for them very well. The singing is a little hoarse but it still rocks! And if you get this cd watch out for the drums...spectatular!  If your not sure if you want the cd buy  the video first.
B00000K19E|5.0|i'ts cool, it was a great movie! great actio
B000003TSP|5.0|From the first track of Portishead, you're taken on a mindblowing journey through what seems like a bus ride on Beth Gibbon's life.   While the lyrics swell with her emotional authenticity and heartfelt wails, the music  accentuates it perfectly.  Hard beats and heart-thumping bass on one track  usually follows a string-thin symphony of high, piercing, tear-inducing  little concertos.  The over-all preciseness that was taken with this album  is shown plainly, especially after listening again to its precedor, the  mellow and blood-warming Dummy.  This is all in all a superior cut by  Portishead.
0671027344|5.0|I just finished the book The Perks of Being a Wallflower by Steven Chbosky. I felt that this was a great novel and that anyone can relate to the lead character Charlie. Charlie struggles with being a high school  freshman, being exposed to drugs, sex, and The Rocky Horror Picture Show  for the first time. I loved how the author used anonymous letters that  Charlie wrote to tell the story. Not only was this an eye opener for me,  but also a book that I could relate to as well. I highly recommend this  book to anybody in high school or about to start high school.
0670824399|5.0|This book has a wonderful plot. Its main characters are fully developed to the exctent that you can see them. I highly recomend this book for people  8-80.
B000002GFU|5.0|T FOR THE TILLERMAN WAS EASILY ONE OF MY FAVORITE ABLUMS WHILE A TEEN.  SOME OF THE MUSIC WAS FEATURED IN THE MOVIE &quot;HAROLD AND MAUDE&quot; A CULT FAVORITE STILL AROUND SOMETIMES IN COLLEGE FILM FESTIVALS. CAT STEVENS  HAD A WAY OF DRAWING YOU TO HIS MUSIC.  HIS WAS PLEASANT DEPARTURE FROM THE  POPULAR HARD ROCK MUSIC OF THE TIME (AND I  LIKED THAT MUSIC TOO.)  I  RECENTLY HEARD A CUT FROM THE TILLERMAN ALBUM USED IN A TV COMMERCIAL. ONE  OF MY KIDS COMMENTED ON IT AND IT STARTED A DISCUSSION ABOUT WHO CAT  STEVENS WAS AND HIS POPULARITY IN THE 70's.  I'M PRETTY THE CD IS  DESTINED  FOR MY XMAS STOCKING THIS YEAR!
B00001U03Q|1.0|Eric with Cream was great. Eric with Derek and the Dominoes was unbelievable, but you can stop there. I can honestly say that one of the best rock songs ever written (Layla) was completely deestroyed in this  latest acoustic slowed down version.
0784011923|5.0|This is the best movie because it has good acting, an awesome plot(that's not way too wacked out), and(since I'm a big 80's freak)awesome music.  Oh, and it also has an almost unstoppable cyborg that kills, but there's more  to that. I'm a big horror movie freak but this ONE action film is just  outstanding!   T2 is a terrific movie also but not as good as the original.   If you don't have 'The Terminator' in your video or DVD collection then  get it ASAP!   This is definetally something you don't want to miss!
0312853238|5.0|Excellent thought-provoking book.  Excellent for even non sci-fi fans.  Go out and buy this book.
B00003003R|5.0|SIMPLY A GREAT LIVE ALBUM( CD )NO REASON TO THINK YOU WOULDN'T LOVE IT! THIS IS WHAT MADE THEMROCKIN ROLL LEGENDS,LIVE SHOWS!        A MUST HAVE!
B000002GFU|5.0|T FOR THE TILLERMAN WAS EASILY ONE OF MY FAVORITE ABLUMS WHILE A TEEN.  SOME OF THE MUSIC WAS FEATURED IN THE MOVIE &quot;HAROLD AND MAUDE&quot; A CULT FAVORITE STILL AROUND SOMETIMES IN COLLEGE FILM FESTIVALS. CAT STEVENS  HAD A WAY OF DRAWING YOU TO HIS MUSIC.  HIS WAS PLEASANT DEPARTURE FROM THE  POPULAR HARD ROCK MUSIC OF THE TIME (AND I  LIKED THAT MUSIC TOO.)  I  RECENTLY HEARD A CUT FROM THE TILLERMAN ALBUM USED IN A TV COMMERCIAL. ONE  OF MY KID COMMENTED ON IT AND IT STARTED A DISCUSSION ABOUT WHO CAT STEVENS  WAS AND HIS POPULARITY IN THE 70's.  I'M PRETTY THE CD IS  DESTINED FOR MY  XMAS STOCKING THIS YEAR!
B00002MZ12|5.0|Don't you just love how Alanis's voice can do whatever it wants whenever it wants and still sound good? How many other artists can do that? She has a rage that makes her sound like a criminal but also just a  love-struck-oh-no-that-was-another-jerk-not-a-boyfriend girl. Who else can  sing those words w/o laughing?  Alanis live is like a tea kettle exploding  all over you, and I love her music and hope everyone understands her  messages.
0064400557|5.0|A wonderful book for all ages that teaches a great moral lesson
