B00AVF8USS|5.0|I love the Movie and works great on the kindle cloud.  All I have to do is download to watch without WiFi ! ! ! when I am not able to contact with WiFi !
0812932293|4.0|Richard Branson is a Blue Creator on the Wealth Spectrum / Wealth Dynamics system. This, however, is a book for Yellow level entrepreneurs. That means the book has been written to appeal to the small businessman / start-up entrepreneur looking for insiration, and works well at that level. It tells the light side and dramatic parts of his story while leaving out the more mundane structural and strategic principles that are behind Branson's success. How does Branson read a balance sheet? What is the structure of his management retreats? What will you find in a Virgin brand guide? You won't find any of these answers in the book. But if you're looking for a fun and inspiring story to get you going, it's a good read.
014241493X|4.0|When I first started reading \\"Paper Towns\\" I didn't really know what to think.  Here was a book that read like I talked... dripping with sarcasm, irony, and made up words.  I have to admit... it confused me, and then I realized something.  If I were to ever buckle down and write a book, it would be THIS book.<br /><br />Quentin is all around average.  He goes to an average school, he does average work, he hangs out with average people, and does average things, but average quickly changes when his neighbor Margo (who is dressed in black and moves like a ninja) climbs through his window in the middle of the night. Bent on revenge, the unattainable Margo kidnaps Q and shoves him into (questionably) the greatest night of his life.  Unfortunately the high ends when Margo suddenly jumps ship.  They say Margo ran away, but is it really that simple? Who is this girl that grew up so close but seemed so far away? And can Q and his gaggle of goofballs get to her before there is nothing left but cryptic messages and left over fingernail polish?<br /><br />First let me start by saying that the blurb for this book does not do it justice.  Yes, there are boat loads of deep emotional meanings in this novel, but that is just 1 side of it.  The side that captured me was the humor. Can you say laugh out loud funny?  The structure is built for easy reading and is split up into 3 sections, the 1st two are deep and introspective, but the 3rd is where the story really sneaks up on you.  This is the section that puts it all out there, it shows you the \\"ins and outs\\" of all of the characters, and it does it in such an irrational way that you can't help but grab your stomach and chuckle.  There is not a single thing about this novel I would change.  \\"John Green\\" did a fantastic job of sucking the reader in quickly, and then pacing the plot with mystery and human connection to keep you interested.<br /><br />There were unnaturally large cows, abandoned mini-malls, bottles of... pee (eww), Internet addicted friends, no pants, and 1 hell of a wild road trip.<br /><br />The verdict? This is a relatively quick read, but more importantly is was fun... and who couldn't use some fun in their life.<br /><br />Happy reading my fellow Kindle-ites and remember: 5 energy drinks + bumpy car = oops!no pants, and 1 hell of a wild road trip.    The verdict? This is a relatively quick read, but more importantly is was fun... and who couldn't use some fun in their life.    Happy reading my fellow Kindle-ites and remember: 5 energy drinks + bumpy car = oops!
B000HT3Q3M|5.0|I love the team of Benson and Jarreau! One of the best compliation, a great music from beginning to end.
0142410322|4.0|I read this twenty years ago, and about all I remembered was that I loved the Vermicious Knids (\\"Scram!\\").  When I picked it up again a year ago, I realized that as a child, I missed the glorious absurdity, the joyful gibberish, and the over-the-top satire of U.S. politics (the Vice-President is the President's former nanny, and she basically babysits him and won't let him have too much candy, and his cat Mrs. Taubsypuss is a more important character than just about anyone else in the cabinet).  Dahl writes this fast-paced little story with an irresistible mischievous glee, and his excitement is infectious.  The story itself is not that weighty (basically, the family and Mr. Wonka go into space, have a quick adventure, come back, have a quick adventure, then it's over), but the style and enthusiasm are the real selling points.  I heartily recommend this book to both children and grown-ups.
B0002NRRAG|5.0|One of the best jazz vocal cd that I have heard in quite awhile.  Each track takes you to a special place in Madeline's mind and heart!  Very heartfelt cd that is soulful and beautiful.  Great back ground music when you are reading on a sunday afternoon.  Truly one of the best!
0307387178|2.0|Krakauer does a phenomenal job in this book as he attempts to flesh out the story of a young man who essentially flips the bird to everyone who loves him, refuses to form lasting bonds with people (other than a couple of pen pals), and wanders off into the Alaska wilderness to have a solitary adventure while he accidentally starves to death.  I love the way Krakauer blended his painstaking research of McCandless' life, interviews with the McCandless family, historical accounts of other nature-enchanted loners, and an emotional and revelatory story of his own McCandless-style expedition as a troubled young man.  Ultimately, though, I still despise the way McCandless treated people.  I enjoy interpersonal relationships, and to see this intelligent young man throw away so much love - it seems that nearly everyone he met instantly wanted to give him a home and a friend - was nauseating.  If I were geared more like Krakauer and McCandless, this book would approach perfection for me.  But because I remain so disgusted by the actions of the protagonist, I can only give the book two stars for a valiant effort by the author.
B002VPE1B6|5.0|Blu-ray is phenomenal. Have a 50 inch plasma and almost looked like it was 3D. If you're one of those people who think it's cool not to have seen the movie (like those who didn't see Titanic) you're missing out.
1593082479|5.0|I was not expecting much when I started to read this book.  I have a mostly unfounded fascination for contemporary cultural images of piracy, and I wanted to get this under my belt to earn a little street cred.  Turns out, it's amazing.  It took me a couple of chapters to pick up the rhythm and vocabulary of Stevenson's style, but once I was able to focus on the story itself, I didn't want it to end.  Stevenson does a brilliant job of portraying pirates for the criminals that they were, mostly by viewing them through the eyes of an innocent young boy, who overhears a dark conversation while hiding in an apple barrel and also spends a tense scene trying to escape his home with his mother before the bad guys materialize out of the misty night to kill them both for treasure.  The book is scary, with some real surprises and well-developed characters, and I loved it.
B0000AQS0F|2.0|Good story line, super special effects and great acting but too much sex and violence for me.
B0000630BT|4.0|Sure, the Painkiller album is very loud, aggressive and fast, and Halford wails like a Banshee, and the rest of the team give it their usual shredding and pounding best, but, the album just feels a little too forced and spiritless in spots. It just seems to be missing that certain special kind of Heavy Metal Magic quality that made past Judas Priest efforts such as Sin After Sin, British Steel and Defenders of the Faith so much more enjoyable to me to listen to.<br /><br />Painkiller also suffers from featuring some of The Priest's most lamest lyrics ever. At least Turbo and Ram It Down had a tongue in cheek kind of quality about them that made their lyrics more fun to listen to and sing along with. A lot of these lyrics just seem cold, plain and uninspired.<br /><br />Aside from all of that, the album definitely delivers much riffage and poundage for the money and is great for doing some mindless hyper headbanging to. And songs like Painkiller, Metal Meltdown, Nightcrawler, and Between the Hammer and the Anvil are all great songs that every Priest fan needs to have in their collection.
B002C6K7N0|5.0|Fantastic Megadeth again !  If you are a die hard fan from , Rust in Peace and Symphony of Destruction you will not be disappointed.  Every song is good !    Buy it now !
B003E48AYC|1.0|It's no wonder the studios decided to convert this \\"movie\\" into 3D - with no plot, weak acting, and pitiful directing, if it had been released in 2D, audiences might have noticed how crappy this thing is instead of being distracted by colorful 3D images. BUYER BEWARE!!!
B000GH3CVQ|5.0|The Swell Season is brilliant music from the amazingly talented Glen Hansard and Marketa Irglova...  Having heard his work with Irglova as well as with the Frames, he is undeniably talented in both mediums - Swell Season is a bit calmer, more melodic, and more like catchy folk music.  The Frames bring a slightly harder edge.    That said, I unequivocally recommend the Swell Season as essential listening for any Glen Hansard fan.    I became a fan of Hansard and Irglova after seeing the movie Once.  Others might view it as an exaggeration to call the soundtrack to that film a masterpiece, but I'm a huge fan and have yet to recommend it to someone who didn't absolutely love it.  I enjoyed both the music and movie.
B001HN6940|1.0|It's no wonder the studios decided to convert this \\"movie\\" into 3D - with no plot, weak acting, and pitiful directing, if it had been released in 2D, audiences might have noticed how crappy this thing is instead of being distracted by colorful 3D images. BUYER BEWARE!!!
B000AP04OM|5.0|The Sound of Music --     My kids became addicted to this movie during a weekend with their grandparents, and have been asking to get it since.  We finaly caved and bought the remastered version.  The remastered version is beautiful - great colors, sound, extras, etc.  Nice not having to change it out at intermission as well :)       What's not to like? Great film, kid friendly, wonderful music.    The story is well told - predictable but still holds your attention all the way through.  Julie Andrews and Christopher Plummer are, as they usually are, a treat.  The Von Trapp kids, though, (most with no acting experience) are a revelation.  The fact that they went on to do comparatively little in the world of film and song makes it all the more amazing.    The music is wonderful - how many movies have so many classic songs in them (These are a few of my favorite things, Edelweiss, Do Re Mi, etc.)?  Add the beautiful scenery, interesting plotline, and Julie Andrews/Christopher Plummer and it's is complete.    I watched this many times growing up, and enjoy it more than ever with my kids.  The Sound Of Music is a must have/can't miss to add to your DVD collection.
0393327655|2.0|Mr. Harris that the poison in the world is religious belief. He is astounded that some people believe in a power higher than themselves. Moreover, he is convinced that there would not be misery but for the irrational need for religion. Never mind that there would not be a Sistine chapel or Handel's Messiah or Mozart's Coronation Mass or Verdi's Requiem- humanity has been held back by monkish superstition foisted upon it by charlatans.<br /><br />There is really nothing new here, except perhaps for the level of bitterness aimed at modern believers. When you impose a philosophy of objective characterizations on a matter that summons personal and subjective beliefs it is called arrogance. When you condemn a people for their religious beliefs it is called ignorance. This questionable treatise somehow relishes in both. Bowing in homage to the humanist altar of `science', Mr. Harris writes with myopic intensity that makes the reader question his motives. Is he disheartened by American political trends which polarize policymaking on the basis of moral approbation? Is he threatened by those who challenge the ironclad orthodoxies of his `Star Trek' like world-view? I suspect that his work has its appeal for an insular minority of nattering intelligentsia, but almost no marketable potential as a political movement. In the United States an object called the Constitution (drafted by pernicious Christians) presents a formidable obstacle to his `final solution' of eradicating religious inclination. Atheistic fascism of the early 20th century failed to give this sort of ranting any political traction in American life. Why should this book be any more successful?
B001YYQ9SS|5.0|Truly re-worked and displayed in high definition, the way it was meant to be enjoyed.  With the added scenes and updated content, story that was vague in the DVD release is explained in better detail now with a few bonus touches that tickle the best memories from the original game.  A good action flick for those who like movies, and a must-have for any Final Fantasy fan.
2839905809|5.0|I´m a true believer that to really understand a problem, I must simplify the complexity of it, in order to fully comprehend the core issue that generates the original problem. In this case, I have found for the first time a very simple, logic and visual system, that helps me undestand a Business Model. It also helps to have a common vision of it, if you use it to create, to undertand or to communicate a BM.    Great team effort !!!
B002JVWR4A|5.0|I agree with Phoenix Child in almost every detail.  Bones is a wonderfully crafted show that shows terrific character development and incredible plot development as well as being inspirational to viewers  as a testimony to science \\"squints\\".   However, I have serious irritation issues with Daisy and spend many minutes each episode missing Zach.  Wendell was good in the role of assistant, but the others were annoying and Daisy was absolutely nauseating.  I kept wanting to slap her into the reality of being aware of others' feelings.  How can Sweets be sweet on this girl?  I so hope they can figure out a way of bringing Zach back.  I wait with bated breath for season six to begin!
0971407614|5.0|As much as I try, my lifestyle does not conform easily to routines. In the past I've joined gyms, and managed a steady workout routine for about two weeks until I had to go out of town, or finals took over, or something came up that threw me life off, and I gave up. The best thing about You Are Your Own Gym is that you can do the exercises anytime, anywhere. My old excuses--not enough time, bad weather, out-of-town--no longer hold up. I really have to hold myself accountable, and 30 minutes a day of these highly concentrated, targeted bodyweight exercises has been manageable, challenging and rewarding. Plus I save the 30 minute commute to the gym. I also appreciate the variation of each exercise which allows you to develop and progress over time. Lauren's approach is the most sustainable and comprehensive fitness philosophy I've come across. It's really the best fifteen dollar investment you can make in yourself and your health.
0940985691|5.0|I read all the raving reviews about this book on Amazon as well as on Vedic Astrology sites, but I have to say that I was still shocked at how great this book was when I got it.  It's written well- Concise & honest so it's not boring at all.  So have no fear-- all the stellar reviews are genuine.  The information in it is so valuable I must say I'm somewhat angry that there isn't a sequel to this book that discusses more advanced topics.  If they ever came out with one I'd be first in line to order it.  Was also surprised to find that the book seems to be out of print and you can only get it direct from the manufacturer which is why you won't find this book in bookstores. (although if you pay in advance bookstores will contact the manufacturer and order the book for you).  WHAT???  The absolute best book you can buy on Vedic Astrology out of print?  I guess this is what happens when people tend to go more for quirky astrology cook books that don't really do much teaching.  I don't know what the future holds, but my advice to anyone would be to get it now & treasure it, lest the manufacturer stops selling it!
0393072231|5.0|Since there are so many very long reviews on this book I will keep this one short.    1. If you like Michael Lewis's style, you will love this book.  2. The story reads easily and like a novel despite being non-fiction.  3. I read the whole thing in two sittings becaue I always wanted to see what was going to happen next!  4. If you want to get a better idea of what the hell happened when Wall Street burned down a few years ago, this is a great place to start.    Don't overthink this purchase.  It's a great read and the price is right.  Add it to your shopping cart and enjoy a good book!
B002VPE1B6|4.0|Not a bad movie at all and I can recommend it as I have watched it twice now.
0785134352|5.0|i have been reading comic books for over 40 years.  this is one of the best stories ever written. in my pre-college age years  this was my comic book action hero fantasy. mm & jrjr put it to ink and paper and did not disappoint.  the movie is a good adaptation and modifications appropriate in order to appeal to a larger audience.
B000040OBS|5.0|Suicide are the main reason why I can't listen to Hip-Hop. After hearing Vega on the mic, I'm not capable going into sampling with a spokenword guy. One may say, this comparison ist not o.k., Hip-Hop is another pair of shoes, well I agree with. But it doesen't change the thing for me. Vega is just lightyears more original. Put me down. I got this stuff.
0380713802|4.0|Bill Bryson's \\"Neither Here Nor There\\" is another great travelogue from one of the funniest travel writers out there.  The book chronicles Bryson's solo journey through Europe in 1990.  He spends most of his time in Western Europe, but also ventures east for brief visits to Yugoslavia and Bulgaria.  The chapters are compact.  Like most backpackers, Bryson gets footloose after staying in one place for more than a few days, and quickly packs his pen for his next exciting destination.<br /><br />Many reviewers fault Bryson for being too negative about the people he meets and the places he goes.  I don't hold that against him.  He's a satirist, who's in his element when exaggerating the foibles of what he discovers.  In fact, the funniest vignettes in the book involve his awkward and uncomfortable encounters with all of those smelly, noisy, oh-so-clueless locals.  My only complaint is that I wish he had taken it a bit further.  I think Bryson was sensitive to being criticized for being too critical.  To address that, he throws in far too many \\"it was the most beautiful thing I had ever seen\\" and \\"it was the most delicious meal I had ever eaten\\" to keep the overall tone more or less balanced.  Splashes of Rick Steves isn't what I wanted to read.<br /><br />Perhaps the problem is that Bryson traveled alone.  Without his trusty foil, the pseudonymous Stephen Katz, the stories lack that zesty punch that make \\"A Walk in the Woods\\" so memorable.  But this isn't a major blemish.  When it comes to humorous travel writing, there are few who can keep pace with Bryson.
B00005QAPK|5.0|A three-some with Bridget Bardot and Jane Fonda in French. What more could a 60's guy desire?
0756659841|4.0|My 7 year old sat down and did every sticker off and on over a two day period. He loved it! For any true Lego fan (and Mini-fig fan) this is a no-brainer. Ideal for a long train or plane trip or just a special treat on a rainy day - and has the added bonus of hundreds of spare stickers for kids to use wherever they please.
1595825045|5.0|This book is wonderful!  If you are a fan of the show, it is indeed a \\"must have.\\"  As an artist, I was also hoping for a lot of character designs so I could have accuracy if I decided to make some fanart, and this is chock full of character designs.  It has every last costume each main character or secondary character wore as well as designs for all of the people you see milling about the background of the episodes.  There are beautiful samples of environments, building designs, and production artwork as well, and many humorous little notes jotted here and there next to the art.  There are even images of the Wanted Posters and a certain Waterbending Scroll.  ;)    They go into detail about the creations of the characters, go over episodes, and give you a lot of fun trivia to know.  So if you are an artist also looking for some reference material(this had all I was hoping for and tons more) or you just want a ton of fun facts and nice images to look at, you will not be disappointed!
B002VPE1B6|5.0|This is probably one of the best movies ever made. The animation is just spectacular and, although the plot is a little limited, you almost don't care because there's so much else going on. You really get attached to the characters. Overall, a great movie!
B000LY0ZT6|5.0|This is a rare record, and I bought it for a friend of mine that loves Kiss.  Not a single skip, pop of scratch!  Arrived in great shape considering the age and on time.
B002VPE1B6|3.0|Like so many others, I loved Avatar.  Sure, it is Ferngully starring enormous, aesthetically pleasing Smurfs.  We all know this by now.  I bought the DVD/Blu-ray because I heard that there was extra footage that wasn't released in the theater, making of videos, and so forth.<br /><br />The day after I made my amazon purchase I found out that this release was the actual movie only.  No added features.  And that in August James Cameron was going to have the film return to the big screen with *gasp* 6 whole minutes of extra footage and that such footage and extras weren't going to be released to DVD/Blu-ray until after that.<br /><br />If you are looking for extras, don't buy this, wait until the full release comes out.  If you just want to watch the pretty pictures and aren't interested in extras anyway, then go ahead and make your purchase.  The Blu-ray quality is gorgeous.  I didn't miss the 3D at all.  It was crisp and clear.<br /><br />I'm miffed but only out $20 and I like the movie anyway, so I'm not deeply bent out of shape about it.
0596009208|5.0|Are you familiar with the \\"For Dummies\\" book series?    Well, the Head First book are like the next step of the Dummies books. Don't get me wrong, these aren't books that covers only superficial information, these are books that go deep into complex subjects, but the do it in a very brain friendly way. You can get a guru level by reading the Head First books, but it seems so simple that it feels almost like cheating.    I learned long time ago that I learn by visualization. For me, a simple graph could tell way more that a hundred spreadsheets. If you are like me (and I believe most of the people are), you will benefit a lot from these books.    Now, regarding to the Java book, its very good. I have read three books of this series, all of them very good, but the Java one is the best. I don't have a strong software developing background, but with this book I learned an acceptable Java in two weeks.
1603420398|4.0|Edie has an amazing talent and this book is proof.  The various shapes are wonderful for making things that are \\"beyond the norm\\".  Thank you for sharing your inspiration to create with us all.
B00133KFGW|5.0|I watched this movie on cable and only saw apart of it but when it came on again it was kind of late and I had to get up early for work but it was well worth watching the parts I missed the first time. I'm not an expert critic or even a musician but this movie kept my attention and I found it to be just a good movie for all ages to watch. I know its not all real but I guess just allowing my imagination to flow with the movie and with the characters in the movie I found it to be entertaining and well worth owning and watching over and over again. Too bad for those that are so serious about their music that found this movie offensive and unbelievable.  I'm not one of them I just liked the movie and the music no mater how not real some parts may have been thats the beauty of it for me. I wasn't looking for mistakes in the movie or finding faults with the music or charters I just saw it for what it was a simple but entertaining movie to watch.
B002VPE1B6|5.0|Avatar in BluRay makes the top ten in my all time favorite movies. I was afraid it would look more like a cartoon than a live action movie, but it doesn't. Special effects are spectacular and the colors are amazing. You have to see this movie in BluRay quality on a good HiDef TV to really appreciate it. I must have been awesome in IMAX.
0736092269|5.0|got my book in quick. found some new excercizes. great reading and good book all around. very happy with my book.
0812974611|5.0|Loved it. I've heard and read about the Pompeii catastrophe many times before, but never from a well described first hand perspective. I love how Mr. Harris used the back drop of the Vesuvius eruption to tell the story of modern life in southern Italy circa 79 AD. Very rich, very satisfying. Looking forward to reading more Harris novels in the future. But let me say, if you're into the formula driven, mindless, pointless drivel put out by some authors today who may or may not have bothered to pen the first word of it (i.e: Dean Koontz, etc.), don't bother. Stick to your comic books.
B00006EXL5|5.0|I haven't listened to anything MCR has putout since they turned all pop/punk (post Sweet Cheers) and started wearing all kinds of stupid makeup.  This album was absolutely amazing and still rocks my world.  When the music was just about the music and aggressive and fantastic and simply amazing.    Supposedly they are supposed to get back to this with their next album:    \\"In an interview with NME, Gerard Way said the band's next record would be a rock album, saying, \\"I think (the next album) will definitely be stripped down. I think the band misses being a rock band.\\"[26] In a separate interview with Idiomag, Way commented that the next release would be less theatrical in scope, stating that \\"it's not going to be hiding behind a veil of fiction or uniforms and makeup anymore.\\"[27]\\"    IF their new album is ANYTHING remotely close tot his album it will be fantastic.
0321647440|3.0|I've been going through the book Aperture 3 by Dion Scoppettuolo, and following each lesson completely.  The lessons start falling apart around \\"working with stacks,\\" which you can kind of work around  but the wheels completely leave the bus when you get to Chapter 4.  The disc loads images on to your existing iPhoto, where you Browse and import the images from there.  Unless you have a recent version of iPhoto the \\"lesson\\" version will not import from the older iPhoto to the lessons.    Before I purchased the book, I was using Aperture 3 and had no problem migrating all of my images from earlier iPhoto versions, to   Ap. 3.    After purchasing the current version of iWorks so I can upgrade my iPhoto and get through the lessons, everything fell into place.  Ap. 3 is a tremendous tool.    Still no word from PeachPit Press on the disclosure.
032147404X|5.0|this book is helpful within the first 5 pages!! cant wait to get deeper into it and improve my skills.  Comfortable to read with the writers easygoing style.<br /><br />the book arrived with the cover slightly bent but otherwise good condition!
B0018BF1KY|5.0|If you want to buy the second cd of Rory, Deuce you can buy this box set because is not easy to find this cd, is out of print, and some people from here sell deuce mere than every cds here, and in this box set you can listen calling card, the best Rory Gallagher cd ever, If you don't have nothing of this great musician, don't buy a single cd of his best, but buy this box set,because you have a lot of music to listen and It's very cheap, you have one or two bunus tracks in every cd.
B0031RAOVY|5.0|I heard of the famous dog through fellow dog-lovers before the movie was made. I never got around to reading the book but watched the DVD as soon as released at a friend's house. We typically 'half-watch-half-talk' through movies as we all probably have a bit of attention deficit disorder. However, ten minutes into the movie \\"Hachi\\" we were consumed with the low-key and realistic tempo of this little gem. This movie is destined to be a classic dog flick for it's unassuming portrayal of dog-human relationship. The main human character played by Gere is quite authentic and not overplayed. He pulls off a sublime character we can all identify with: a practical man, not overly sensitive or dog-crazy that lacks something in his life only a loyal dog can bring. His relationships with wife and family are brilliantly depicted and work well into the subtext of the bond developed between he and Hachi. This particular point is what made me fall in love the movie--how we (men) can find fulfillment through the singular devotion of a dog. What's more, the main plot rolls along at a slow, rhythmic pace, not unlike that of a public commuter's, which I have to assume is intentional. It works. But the real show-stealer is Hachi the dog himself. Hachi's singular and selfless purpose had the group of us in tears (lots of debris in our eyes during the show). However sad some parts can be, you get a sense of humanity and compassion throughout the movie that I find myself thinking about days after the credits role. In short, \\"Hachi\\" takes a true legend and turn it into a realistic story that will have grown men, women, and children in tears, dog-lover or not. I highly recommend this gem in your collection.
B003A4IFDW|5.0|I was browsing at an honest-to-god record store when The Word came on over the stereo and I thought 'who IS this?', when Traffic's 'No Time To Live' (also covered wonderfully by Brian Auger) came up, I swooned and asked the clerk for a copy. Listening to the album in the store was fun because it's not always readily apparent who's songs she's covering: it took me a few minutes to realize she was covering Led Zeppelin. Both the store manager and I were getting ready to cringe as Nights In White Satin approached, but she made that song new too. Others are going to write in more detail about the individual performances but I'd just like to say that I cannot believe that anyone could take this list of incredibly familiar songs and just take them all home and make them her own from start to finish. Brilliant. I think it may be one of my favorites for a while.
0061703257|4.0|We missed the movie, though the previews looked good and we really enjoyed the others based on Dennis LeHane's books. Still, at least we've got the book and we'll rent the DVD one day.<br /><br />My husband read Shutter Island by Dennis LeHane before me. He seemed to be finding it hard to put down, so I was really looking forward to my chance to read. And I wasn't disappointed.<br /><br />The prologue is quietly intriguing, oddly satisfying in that it paints such a different picture of the scenes to come, leaving the reader just that little bit unsettled as the story unfolds--precisely the right frame of mind for what's to come. Soon the reader is viewing things through US Marshall Teddy Daniels' eyes. He meets his new partner and prepares to investigate the mysterious disappearance of a patient from a hospital for the Criminally Insane. Mysteries deepen as clues are uncovered and suspicions aroused. The characters twist and turn, leaving hints of covert experiments and secrets hid in the lighthouse on the shores of the lonely island. But Daniels investigations are blocked at every turn and soon he's threatening to leave while a gathering storm threatens to force him to stay.<br /><br />I enjoyed the clues--just complicated enough to keep the reader intrigued, just buried enough to keep the reader turning pages. I enjoyed the hints and the satisfaction that the conclusion allowed. And I found myself rereading and checking back as the end approached. Was this right? Had I guessed? And how would it all play out?<br /><br />My husband confessed himself disappointed in the ending, though I felt it was perfectly in tune with the story's path. Still, disappointed or not, we both really enjoyed the book--sufficiently so that we've now bought several others by the same author to enjoy.<br /><br />And maybe one day soon we'll enjoy the movie too.
B00382X4X2|5.0|Ronnie passes away and then a day or too later I discover that the rare Hammersmith Odeon Concert is the 2nd Disc of this set! Rhino released the concert on CD 5 years ago... only 5000 copies. I have seen that disc on Ebay for 70-80 bucks... this is a great find... and RIP RJD I love you.
1416550550|5.0|Someone told me The Forgotten Garden, by Kate Morton was good. They were right. It's long--549 pages--but I found it impossible to put down. Starting in 1913 with a child playing on a London dock, moving to Australia where a present-day woman is haunted by her past, following a grandmother in the 1930s and an orphan in the 1900s, each seeking secret leads that will find or lose their families--the scenes move from London to Cornwall to Australia and even to America, with each location and time convincingly drawn and beautifully portrayed.<br /><br />Kat Morton's characters are delightfully believable and flawed. The selfless mother and beloved child, the fiercely honest father, loving sisters, wandering daughter, the grandchild loved and rejected and wounded and alone... And elsewhere the family that struggles to disguise its secret hurts and lies and histories...<br /><br />Nell's world is shattered the day she learns she's adopted. She longs to find the family who abandoned her, to recover her self-worth. One thread of the story follows Nell's search from Australia to London to Cornwall, but in another time it's Nell's granddaughter Cassandra who's taken up the quest. All roads lead to secrets like flowers in a garden, beautifully planted and waiting for a gardener to help them grow. And the mysterious Authoress looms at the end of the maze, an indefinable figure of threat or of hope.<br /><br />This story enthralled me. Even as I began to guess the past I would find it slipping from my grasp, and I had to turn the page. The author keeps the different storylines perfectly separated and beautifully balanced. She fills in the characters, flaws and all, turning them into friends the reader follows eagerly. And she draws it in to a beautiful conclusion where all is exposed and revealed.<br /><br />The Forgotten Garden is a rare treat of a book and a masterful example of multiple storylines and timelines perfectly told, a powerful and beautiful tale.
B00005RYL2|5.0|This movie rocks. There's swords, immortality, Sean Connery, Queen providing an unofficial soundtrack, Christopher Lambert... what more could you want?    Although the story leaves absolutely no room for sequels, there were three more. And they were terrible. And then there was the infamous series starring Adrian Paul as Duncan MacLeod (Connor MacLeod's - played by Christopher Lambert -  cousin)... which just shouldn't happen because in the first movie - which I'm supposed to be reviewing - Sean Connery's voice-over AT THE VERY BEGINNING states:    \\"From the dawn of time we came; moving silently down through the centuries, living many secret lives, struggling to reach the time of the Gathering; when the few who remain will battle to the last. No one has ever known we were among you... until now.\\"    And by the middle of the movie, it all comes down to Kurgan (played by Clancy Brown, and is the reason I smile real big when I see Mr Krabbs on Spongebob) and Connor. They are the last two immortals and they have to cut off the other guy's head to get The Prize... Don't look at me like that! I never said the plot entirely made sense! The 80's were a confusing time for everyone!    So if you're into action movies with strange plots, a good premise, mild attempts to be funny, awesome music, and swords - this movie is right up your alley. Just stay away from the sequels.
B002ZG98VE|1.0|Mr Scott had a legendary hero, a top box office star and a lot of money. With these ingredients he must have done a good film, or at least a competent one. But somewhere in the middle of the recipe our Ridley  lost it.  Where is the Ridley that  amazed me in The duelist or scared me in Alien? Maybe like our hero he is lost in the woods. I must confess that I think Galdiator is  a mess and Kingdom of Heavens a mistake, but at least in them there was a story being told. This robin Hood is nothing but scene after scene. Nothing to fix them together. Maybe he wanted to tell a lot of things and he did not have the time? Don't answer that was a rethorical question.    So our  very masculine and rough Robin was actually a Longstride fighting for king and country, when suddenly he becomes involved in a conspiracy fulled by those bad Frenchies. How so you wonder? hey Mr Scott  just let him passing by and voila. Because he is not only rough and masculine but also compassionate  in his way home he finds Sir Robert Loxley, mortally wounded . The  poor man asks him to carry a sword , his sword to his father in England . So there he goes. Arriving to Nottingham he  finds out  several things:  - Loxley's widow has  guts  - Loxley's father has ideas  - Loxley's lands are in a brink to be lost.  He was just passing by, again, to give back the sword  but the old Loxley   has an idea, and the lands can be lost and did I say Marian had guts?. So he stays there pretending to be Robert Loxley.   And the Frenchies? And the conspiracy? and for heavens sake! Prince John and the Sheriff of Nottingham?. Well there are around, somewhere. Talking in pedantic ways to say nothing- Oh and we even have William Marshall.  So you guess the rest. Bad guys attack villagers, Robin fights them. Marian is in distress but because she has you know what she fights back. But wait there is more. The French are invading (you forgot the conspiracy eh?), Marshall and the barons hate John. Robin fights in the beaches, Marian fights in the beaches. They win , John loses and have to sign a paper. But we only have five minutes to end the film and he is not stealing the rich and giving it to the poors! Wait, the solution is here. Prince john, well actually king but if Ridley does not care about about accuracy why we?. So John declares him an outlaw, they go to the woods and live happily ever after.   Well , this is it. Ridley Scott has killed all the heroism, adventure, romance and familiarity of our dead fellow with the hood pretending he wanted to do a new approach to an old legend. Unfortunately he was not not up to the task. I have always knew he has never been good in the romantic part as a director but honestly , where is the adventure? Shooting scens with a lot of people shoiting and horses riding  does not mean they are action but a lot of people in movement. So Le debacle has finally reached Mr Scott and we, the poor audience can only hope that  Mr Scott's next project  would be shooting an ad.
B002VPE1AW|5.0|I rented this film from the \\"HD on demand\\" channel of my local cable network.  I enjoyed this movie from start to finish and the special effects and animation  really knocked me out! I also like the underlying message regarding the ecology and  about tolerance of other ways of thinking and being without being preachy.   A great mixture of real time acting and animation.  It deserved all it's astounding success and accolades!  This film is entertaining to both adults and children and I will  most definitely be adding this one to my collection! (-:
0061922315|4.0|I've read several books centered around India over the past year and one thing I've learned from them is there is really no middle ground.  It's either an interesting story or not.  Too much focus on the hopelessness can make it difficult to pick up the story and keep moving forward.<br /><br />That's not to say that I don't understand that the slums in places like Mumbai are horrifying.  I've read about them, watched them at the movies - I get it.  But even famous stories like The Slumdog Millionaire take that hopeless situation and focus in on the relationships.  Shilpi Somaya Gowda did much of the same in Secret Daughter.<br /><br />There is such a contrast of lifestyles in this book.  The story shifts between two mothers.  One forced to give up her baby daughter and another unable to have children of her own and, as a result, adopting the little girl that had been given up.  Each set of parents have their own issues, their own dysfunctional relationship but what really fascinated me was, despite their poor surroundings and the horrific acts of her husband, Kavita (the birth mother) has a more healthy, strong and enviable relationship with her husband in spite of their low status in life.  Somer and her husband struggle with culture barriers, the strain of being unable to carry a baby to term and, eventually, the strain of watching their very independent daughter come into her own.<br /><br />But it's not a story of hopelessness.  Gowda touches on the children and mothers living in the slums of India, but also portrays a beautiful Mumbai.  Both sides portray love for their parents, respect for elders and ultimately, close family bonding.
B002SJIO4A|4.0|WARNING! SPOILERS!  District 9 is another take on what would happen if aliens came to earth. It's a story about what would happen if a single ship came to earth with highly advanced technology (somewhat reminiscent of moments in the classic Independence Day) and, as per all of these scenarios, throw the entire world into a giant hissy fit.    However, unlike many other variants of this storyline, the aliens come not as conquerors, but as a species uniformly sick and vulnerable. What would the world do if presented with a helpless alien race that was desperately in need of aid? In this story, set up refugee camps in some armpit corner of the world and throw meager amounts of foreign aid their way and try to worry about them as little as possible.  Beyond that basic premise, the movie descends into a very familiar (if enjoyable and well done) story about a single lone protagonist wanted and hunted by nearly everyone else in the world. There are quirks, there are some unique and great moments, but it stops being about the initial and fantastically interesting idea to become a more standard Hollywood action movie.    The concept of a UN run refugee camp for sick aliens, and the gritty, grim but realistic vision of how such a thing would happen and be run was brilliant. The initial concept of an alien ship coming to Earth to beg rather than conquer is equally fascinating. This part of the film is interspersed with footage of interviews with real people about a real-world refugee camp in their own country. With it's documentary style and presentation of a true possible-world scenario, the beginning of the movie had me absolutely enthralled.    Unfortunately, the early brilliant moments are zoomed into the single protagonist I mentioned before, and on the whole the movie steps away from it's own most interesting qualities.    That said, in my final review, District 9 is a movie with a brilliant setting and ideas that promises something comparable with Children of Men. Whatit delivers is a simple, albeit good, action movie. Worth a watch, but I would put this one down as a rental rather than a buy.
0780626966|5.0|Been wanting this a long and I got it for a great price and everything was in the box, just like brand new
0345409671|1.0|I'm setting this book down and don't plan to read another Anne Rice book.      Dialogue between Lestat and David was terrible, it felt like I was reading a teenager's IM chat rather than an exchange between two adult men (let alone neither of them were under 70 years old).  For the curious, yes, the title of this review is mocking a quote from Lestat.      She has a lot of plugs into her previous stories, completely breaking from this story at some points.  These plugs were far beyond what happened in Tale of the Body Thief; to me it seemed like shameless self promotion.    Interview was a great story, unfortunately, everything I've read past that has been more disappointing than the last.  I can no longer understand why people use the word \\"talent\\" to describe her writing, Tale of the Body Thief was painful to read, this is a book nobody should touch.
0307454541|1.0|Hi. I'm having hard times here.<br />First. I'm still reading a book that doesn't ends, though the plot had ended like 100 pages ago. This is excruciating.<br />Second. The psicology (and actions) of the characters are so infantile/superficial, even idiotic at times, that damages the little that can be rescued about the story. The resolution is ludicrous to say the least.<br />Third. Can't believe how a book like this one became a bestseller. Are there that many sadists/masochists out there?<br />My conclusion: extreme violence sells a lot. Literature is in trouble. Correction. This is not literature.<br /><br />P.S.: excuse my bad english.
B002VPE1B6|4.0|First the blu-ray:  Avatar has the best Hd picture I have ever seen out of over 400 HD DVDS and Blu-Rays.  The image quality is absolutely perfect in every way.  Its sharp highly detailed and has a terrific sense of depth.  Audio is not far behind presented in a 5.1 lossless DTSHDMA track. It is easily in my top 20 tracks probably even top 10.  The surround channels are very engaging especially when Jake gets lost in the forest.  This is a nice wide open 360 degree sound field.  I felt the sub could have hit a little harder at times, but this is a very minor complaint.  This is a demo disc all around and holds up well to seeing it in 3d.  There is also a really cool avatar styled THX demo after the credits which you can get to by hitting the skip chapter button. This discs only true weakness is no special features hence the 4 stares.<br /><br />now the movie:  Avatar is not very original it takes almost all its story elements from other<br />films.  I felt the story which has been told many times before and was totally predictable is still great.  This is a very fun movie to watch with outstanding eye candy.  Avatar has the best CGI I have ever seen and brings some very good points to the table.  I have not seen a film that transported me to another world like this for a long time.  Because of its pure entertainment value I put it up with the best movies I saw all year.  The acting well not Oscar worthy is perfectly fine.
B0024F08RO|5.0|After 3 seasons of break-outs & endless running from the law... Its time that these 2 brothers find peace (in 1 place) LOL :)
B0025KW29U|5.0|Billy, (aka Dr. Horrible) has two main goals in life (besides taking over the world): to join the Evil League of Evil and to win over his lady love, Penny. But his archenemy (the superhero Captain Hammer) always seems to thwart his every move. Billy has a plan that could get him into the Evil League of Evil and win Penny's heart, but only if the irritating Captain Hammer could stay away.<br /><br />Dr. Horrible's Sing-Along Blog was created as an online miniseries musical by fan-favorite Joss Whedon. Neil Patrick Harris plays Billy/Dr. Horrible to pure perfection. He's sadly sweet, funny, and completely loveable. Felicia Day is Penny, the shy and demure focus of both Billy and Captain Hammer's attentions. And Captain Hammer is played by Nathan Fillion, who much like his Castle character is pompous and narcissistic and hysterical.<br /><br />Besides the satirical premise, the other highlights are when Billy bursts into song. These unconventional characters and songs make for a hilarious and extremely entertaining musical. It's fresh, witty, and absolutely charming. And now this cult hit is available on Blu-ray, which I'll be watching again and again.<br /><br />Blu-Ray Special features include:<br />- Cast and creator commentaries<br />- \\"Commentary! The Musical!\\" with all new music and laughs<br />- Behind-the-scenes featurettes<br />- Top 10 fan applicants for submission to the Evil League of Evil<br />- Easter eggs including: bloopers, rehearsals, and ELE interviews
0393072231|5.0|\\"The Big Short\\" was  a surprisingly easy read about a subject matter that is anything but easy to understand.  I liked the book insofar as it introduces you to concepts we hear a lot nowadays (credit default swaps, CDOs, derivatives, tranches, short-selling, subprime mortgages, etc.) in a way that is comprehensible.  At first, one may have to read the page a couple of times to fully conceptualize certain items (e.g., how CDSs relate to CDOs, and how CDOs become synthetic), but because the book is character-driven, the reader will find him/herself constantly returning to these items and, more entertainingly, will discover that some of the main characters freely admit that they didn't understand them either.  So, aside from being well-written and often entertaining, I found that it provides a very useful introduction to the financial crisis.  After one reads it, it is hard not to come away with a nuanced view about short-selling and so-called \\"Wall Street greed.\\"  We've heard many decry the very nature of short-selling (i.e., betting that a stock/company or bond is going to fail), for instance, but Lewis allows us to place the matter in better context.  To me, short-selling now seems more like if someone were to bet on a building collapsing.  Obviously, there is a moral question (though, should we really expect any morality in the ruthlessly capitalist stock and bond markets?) and there is of course the problem if, after betting on a building's collapse, one actively designs to make the building collapse.  But otherwise, while one may benefit from a building's collapse, one could not say that the person therefore caused the building to collapse--i.e. there were structural forces at work that made a few people believe that the building would collapse, and they then bet on it.  This is one of Lewis's more eye-opening points.  Those that benefited from the failing housing market saw structural problems at play and (to one extent or another) thought that betting against the subprime market would eventually serve as a check on what they saw as completely blind faith that home prices would keep rising.  Should these few hedge funds who benefited enormously instead dedicated efforts toward revealing the subprime bubble to regulators and the press?  Absolutely, that would have been nice.  But instead, our anti-heroes of the book (Eisman, Burry, Cornwall Capital, etc.) saw an opening and went for it.  What \\"The Big Short\\" sheds light on is that we can hardly blame them for causing the crisis (though we are certainly in position to speculate on their moral fiber).  Bottom line:  Absent knowledgeable regulators, the subprime bond market, with the instrumental help of self-interested ratings agencies, was fully able to self-govern itself into disaster.  The book makes it difficult for us to arrive at a conclusion other than that the financial panic of 2007 and the crisis beginning in 2008 were the products of enormous structural issues in our stock and bond markets.he subprime market would eventually serve as a check on what they saw as completely blind faith that home prices would keep rising.  Should these few hedge funds who benefited enormously instead dedicated efforts toward revealing the subprime bubble to regulators and the press?  Absolutely, that would have been nice.  But instead, our anti-heroes of the book (Eisman, Burry, Cornwall Capital, etc.) saw an opening and went for it.  What \\"The Big Short\\" sheds light on is that we can hardly blame them for causing the crisis (though we are certainly in position to speculate on their moral fiber).  Bottom line:  Absent knowledgeable regulators, the subprime bond market, with the instrumental help of self-interested ratings agencies, was fully able to self-govern itself into disaster.  The book makes it difficult for us to arrive at a conclusion other than that the financial panic of 2007 and the crisis beginning in 2008 were the products of enormous structural issues in our stock and bond markets.
B002ZCDR88|3.0|I am sorry to write that I was so disappointed with this CD. Sounded like music I once played for my children when they were babies....and maybe I'm in left field here (was it intended for this audience?) but I was expecting something more contemporary sounding/ less ballad and singsongey....
B000001ELL|4.0|Kiss made a great slicker sounding more pop hard rock disc with dynasty. It had alot of great songs; but it was the wrong direction for the band in the long run. And it took them a while to see this.  Of course going towards nonmelodic thrash music has basically shrunk metal down to nothing in listenership among people these days, but kiss was always about good melodic metal and if they were able to deliver that and maybe a few pop songs noone would have been unhappy. But the next disc continued the pop tread and almost destroyed them for sure.  It wouldn't have if in that same year  they'd put out a solid rocker and said : 'that was a pop disc for fun\\" but that didn't happen. Dynasty is not a bad hard rock disc because it has some great songs on it from everyone in the band. \\"dirty livin' , 'charisma' 'hard times' are slicker hard rock fun and of course the classic disco flavored hit 'I was made for lovin you' is on here and that is a great dance song. Kiss can make dance songs as long as they  make great hard rock and melodic metal and we'd be happy about it.  This disc is for those who like poppier hard rock and for those who love kiss too. It won't be your favorite probably but it's not a bad album at all.
4883191028|3.0|Overall Minna no Nihongo is a good textbook. It covers all the grammar points you need and gives you plenty of opportunity to practice. My Japanese class in college use this textbook but with great reluctance and difficulty. I find the book ok if I use it at home, by myself as I can speed through it at my own pace. However, in a class setting a lot of people become confused by the layout and organization of the book. Because of this a lot of my classmates have difficulty understanding the grammar and vocabulary.<br /><br />The class also greatly resents the book, they find it uninteresting and repetitive. I think it has become a hindrance to the class more than anything.<br /><br />To summarise, its a good book if you feel you are able to motivate yourself and can survive with no English instructions or explanations. I will say that I had studied Japanese before and thus had a distinct advantage in that I could come to understand the layout of the book while still on the easier chapters. It may be more difficult for someone with no previous Japanese experience to use the book.
B00000IL1K|5.0|Love this CD! Every song on it is great. I listen to it over and over. Sarah's voice is fantastic! She can sing pop music as well as classical. Her vocal range is excellent. I'm not good at writing reviews,as you can see, but I love this CD so much, I felt I should write one. Buy this CD!  You won't regret it!
030726999X|4.0|Luckily, my vacation happened to coincide with the release date (US) for this last book in Larsson's trilogy. I read this pretty furiously for the last 2 days to finish it.<br />  Overall, I felt that it was a satisfying finish to Larsson's trilogy. About 6 months had passed between when I read the first 2 books and I actually appreciated all of the references to the previous books' plotlines. I can see how that might become boring to fans who recently finished the first two books, though.<br />  I think that Lisbeth is the main draw of this trilogy (that's a pretty obvious statement). Therefore, I was satisfied that her story was brought to a convincing close! (need vagueness here). However, the book lacks some of the action which is really when I became awed of Lisbeth. It's thrilling to know that a woman could hold her own in this mystery series. Unlike others, which I enjoy, but women always seem to need to be saved.<br />  However, some of the drawbacks of the story were a very silly courtroom scene which I didn't care for. Additionally, a relationship with Kalle Blomquest which bored me.<br />  I wish Larsson could write more books! He has a very interesting feministic, democratic view which made me even wonder how much female help he got writing this book. A good read- good ending, but a little bittersweet at the end.
B0036EH3WK|3.0|I am also one of those who religiously watched every episode of Lost until the - sadly extremely bad - end of the show. I won't give it 1 star because that would not be true to the enjoyment I got of watching mystery after mystery unfold. But I also won't give it 5 stars because ultimately Lost turned out to be the equivalent of a bad fast food meal - enticing, but ultimately unsatisfying. So \\"average\\" seems to be the verdict of choice. Just \\"average\\". But it could have been great - \\"could have been\\" that is.    The ending of Lost must count as one of the worst and annoying ends to a series ever created in the history of TV. It is the ultimate cop-out of the creators of the show - showing us in thinly veiled form that they DID'NT know what they were inventing all the time, that they DID make it up on the spot, that they just dangled carrots in front of us all the time. To hide this fact they went for a shmaltzy ending that gives false \\"closure\\" to the characters (at least those that didn't ask for a paycheck too high, like Eko) and goes directly for the tear-ducts of viewers who have an idealized view of an afterlife fashioned after very conservative (and frankly, sorry to say that, very American - everybody else will have a good laugh) Christian views of it. The multi-denominational symbols in the church at the end don't hide the fact that this \\"afterlife\\" will only appeal to Christians with a very naive outlook on it - Buddhists would feel insulted if that was \\"their\\" afterlife for example.     The big mistake here is that the show was never about religion, it was about big, crazy mysteries and about characters. Yes, I, like anybody else, am interested in the characters and their fate, but I am definitely NOT interested in their afterlife (I am interested in their LIFE!), because I simply don't believe in an afterlife as tacky and corny like this. To think about that more than half of Season 6 was wasted with scenes that turned out to play out in Jack's mind before his death, and which could have been summed up in one scene that told us that he had a \\"good\\" death that was worthwhile - it just makes me very angry. A complete waste of time, treading water because nothing else was to say.    \\"Lost\\" was a show about mysteries - there are mystery shows which let a lot of stuff unexplained, but actually even the unfinished \\"Twin Peaks\\" explained more than the finale of Lost. And \\"Twin Peaks\\" was a great show reveling in weirdness whereas Lost was always a mainstream show with very clear-cut storytelling. After seeing so many huge mysteries build up over the course of the show, like the numbers, the Dharma initiative, Jacob's cabin, Walt's and Miles' mysterious powers, the true nature of the island, etc. (the list could go on for ages,and for each of these mysteries complete strings of episodes were used to build them up, episodes that now seem like a complete waste of time in retrospect), having them not even a TINY BIT explained at the end is really like a punch in the face. It's like reading a traditional crime novel with 60.000 pages that builds up to the revelation of the murderer, and then it ends with a cooking recipe instead. It's like receiving a puzzle with 60.000 pieces and only finding out at the end that you only got half of the pieces.    Yes, it would have been in the nature of the show to leave some mysteries explained, in fact it would not have been good to explain EVERYTHING. But building up major plot points over the years to just leave them dangling is just something that so much reeks of bad storytelling that it just hurts.  Sorry, not convinced. File it under the \\"Rambaldi\\" - syndrome. Anybody remember \\"Rambaldi\\", a mystery central to the show \\"Alias\\" (another Abrams created show)? This mystery was used as the major plot-point for basically all episodes and was never explained as well.     What this world needs is another mystery show. A show that is carefully crafted and laid out for let's say 4-5 seasons, with engaging characters, satisfying arcs, etc., but with all developments already mapped out, as well as an explanation of them. Sadly this kind of show will never happen in the tv world as it is now, dependent on ratings etc.. \\"Flash Forward\\" could have been that show, but alas....    Lost = Epic Fail. But it was fun while it lasted, that much has to be said.
B003BYYDXW|5.0|I am 22 yr old and i love Justin Bieber! He can really sing! Nice catchy songs! I really like this pop-rb style!
081297381X|5.0|It is pretty clear from this book that Nassim Taleb is beyond arrogant, and also pretty clear that you wouldn't enjoy his company very much.  At the same time, you need someone with this sort of personality to go after the academic frauds who have monopolized the conversation about the economy for far too long. They have succeeded in drowning out most other voices because the language they speak, higher mathematics, is accessible only to the elect few. The worldview that they espouse is one in which all of human behavior can and should be \\"modeled\\" using this elite language, and then future behavior can be predicted based on the model. Any challenges to this neat little closed system from laypeople who cannot speak the language are met with derision.  Taleb knows the language and says that modelers are doing far more harm than good by making it appear that their models can fit the data and be predictive, when in fact the data can only be made to fit through fudging, and their predictive tool, the bell curve, is inapplicable to this type of data.  There are insights on every page in this book (in addition to gratuitous insults), but one in particular will stay with me.  The statisticians always tell you that they can make predictions at a 95% confidence level for a large dataset if they sample enough data points.  How do you know whether you have enough data points? It depends on the variability of the data. How do you know how variable the data is?  Only if you have actually measured the data. How do you measure the data? You have to look at enough datapoints. You see how circular this is when phrased in plain English.  Taleb brings plain English back to the conversation, and it is plain refreshing.  A must read.
0385340990|2.0|The year is 1946, and British writer Juliet is feeling restless.  She wants to write something new but doesn't know what.  As luck would have it, she receives a letter from a Guernsey man and a pen-friendship develops.  He tells her about the island literary society and its unusual history, and before she knows it she is corresponding with all the members and planning to visit them in person.<br /><br />Written entirely as a series of letters between Juliet and her friends, this book pulls at the heartstrings at every turn.  The misery inflicted on the residents by the Germans during the 5-year occupation is indeed eye-opening and heartbreaking and the villagers' folksy charm is undeniable. However, I felt it was sentimental over-kill; each of the characters is a stereotype and the ending was predictable early on.  The good folks of Guernsey were reduced to peasant saints who endured their wartime hell by pluck and brotherhood.  Writer Juliet emerges as a Cinderella who goes to the ball/Guernsey and gets to keep both glass slippers,  a life-change that seems too good to be true.<br /><br />I know letter writing used to be an art, but these letters are so incredibly long on detail as to be unbelievable.  The basic plot of overcoming wartime horrors is a good one, but I wish the book had been written in traditional story form. As it is, the letters become increasingly maudlin and I had to force myself to finish the book.
0393327655|1.0|\\"Crucify Him!\\" if Sam Harris were present at the time when Pilot offered the Jews the choice between Jesus and Barabbas, Sam would have been the one shouting \\"Barabbas!\\" for the murderer and \\"Crucify him!\\" for Jesus.<br /><br />His is hell-bent on eradicating Christianity and his book sales and lecture circuit have empowered him to monstrous proportions.<br />He deserves no more energy from me than these few sentences. If zero stars were a choice, that would be my selection.<br /><br />[[ASIN:1615791329 Jesus Christ In His Own Words]]
B001KVZ6G6|5.0|The movie is a wonderfully well made animated movie that anyone over 8 years old can enjoy. This is an unconditional recommendation. I won't describe the movie since many have already done so.
160024842X|5.0|I didn't get this book for a long time because of the subject matter.  Too grisly.  But the author distances herself from the really grisly and unpleasant aspects, and overall, considering the nature of the story, it is quite positive.  That may be myself distancing myself from unpleasant things, but that's how I saw it.  It was powerful, with lyric prose.  I live in the area described, which added another dimension.  I could see the references to places in my mind.  I very much liked the author's description of the afterlife, matter of fact, with everyone's heaven being peculiar to that person.  You can see the religious beliefs at about two removes, which was interesting as well.  This book reads well on several different levels.
B000TLMWMY|5.0|I bought this as a gift for my husband, and we were amazed by the number and quality of the performances.  Johnny Cash's connection with the live studio audience was remarkable, and is a reminder of why this TV series was so popular. Performances by Kris Kristofferson (who narrates), Waylon Jennings, Creedence Clearwater Revival, Bob Dylan, Neil Young, and Eric Clapton were among the most memorable.  Duets with Johnny and June Carter Cash are touching, especially since both of them have passed away. For all of us who were glued to the TV from the moment we heard \\"Hello, I'm Johnny Cash\\" at the start of every show, this is a must-have collection.
0425166805|4.0|This book asks alot of questions.  Questions I dont think we will ever have real answers to.  If nothing else this book is a good read for a person with an open mind, but one has to make up his own mind in the end!
030745455X|5.0|WOW, what a great ending segue. I never wanted it to be over and I got my wish as I look forward to the next one.  I love feisty, capable, little Lisbeth.  She packs a punch the way she adjusts for her size. She out-thinks and performs courageously. This is an exciting read from the first moment you turn to chapter 1 throughout the entire book. The twists are amazing! I recommend it to all who love suspense, it's at its best here.
193413712X|4.0|The language in the book was beautiful and awe-inspiring most of the the time. Sometimes, though, I got a little lost in the descriptions and had to check to see who was talking and which generation I was with.
B002VPE1B6|5.0|This movie was no question buy on Blu-ray for me although that may have to do with seeing it in theaters 3 times. So of course I had to buy it although I must say going from the 3d theaters to my 50 inch plasma I gained and lost certain things in transition. The colors are more vibrant with my TV vs The DLP projector plus the image is sharper to both. Its a shame to watch this movie is 2D since it was filmed specifically in 3D gaudy glasses be damned but its a shame they haven't worked out the 3D standards yet. Still waiting for the directors cut and all that jazz its a bare bones package but its still one of the best movies released in years. Sure it has a story that has been told before but if you tell it well people always tend to listen. With that said I may need to buy a better set of HDMI cables just for this movie.
B0036EH3WK|2.0|Unless ABC gives us two additional seasons to finish the series as it should be finished, don't bother. Just watch the first season (the strongest, anyway) and the finale. The rest is just tons and tons of questions of things that Carlton Cuse & Damon Lindelof thought would be cool and then never bothered to answer. The list of open questions and plotholes after watching the finale is mind-numbing. So, avoid watching hundreds of hours of TV for nothing. First season + Finale will tell you all you need to know, and all they managed to tell us.    What a disappointment this was, after all these years.
0739367676|5.0|The whole series is great.  I bought the books first, then the audio books, and then the movies that have come out on DVD so far.  Loved them all.  Wish she would write a continuing book to tell what happens next.
0743454537|2.0|When I heard that the movie is coming out soon, I thought I should read the book before I see it - usually the book is better than the film, right? Well, wrong! Don't read it - just watch it - you'll enjoy it better!    Actually, I really enjoyed the book until the last three pages (or so). The ending just betrays the whole book. Oh my God, it is so terrible! How could she write that? I mean. The suspense is great. But I think with this terrible twist at the end, she wants to shock, like other writers have done, but she just goes overboard! Too much! I read Perfect Match before, and I actually liked the book - the entire book that is! So I thought, hey, here is another one, lets read it....     The ending is so overdone that it doesn't make any sense, at all! Go watch the movie - it is beautiful!!! The ending actually makes sense! Cancer is pretty ugly, especially this kind. And the ending from the book is just a fairytale ending, more like \\"happily ever after\\"! But it just doesn't work like this in real life. Cancer is life-threatening; it kills you! And the film shows how it would be in reality! Go see it, pass on the book.
B002ZFQD0E|5.0|Seriously all the great reviews this album is getting are well deserved. I mean a work of this insight and caliber; and a debut album at that? Doesn't happen too often. Considering the state of the music industry, it's rare to see big labels take a chance on letting an artist (very early in a career) go the less taken road of having a strongly constructed theme and concept while exploring musical variants. Brilliant!   Highlights: Too many to mention but I'll list 5 tracks I'm really fond of...    Locked Inside  Oh, Maker  Mushrooms and Roses   Neon Valley Street   57821 - Beautiful song!
B003905M56|5.0|This is the new deluxe edition which encludes bonus tracks and on cd 2 The remixes.  Many never released to the public.  The remixes are worth the price alone!!  You can't get these any where else.  An inside look/listen into remixing and how much  differance musical changes can make.  A must for any Rick Astley fan and well   worth the imported price. Rick and Edsel records have out done themselves!!!!
B003HGKJH8|4.0|I loved the debut EP from a year or so ago.<br />I also brought the hard to get Sundown Syndrome EP.<br /><br />InnerSpeaker is the 1st full album from Tame Impala.<br />To be honest after several listens I'm not convinced this is their best work.<br /><br />The best 2 tracks on the CD are 02 Desire Be Desire Go (Re-make) & 06 Solitude Is Bliss with some special mention going to 09 Bold Arrow Of Time.<br /><br />This music is still way ahead of my popular music of today's standards.<br />It because Tame Impala have produced some brilliant Live shows and incredible EPs in the past, I was expecting something amazing like Sgt.Pepper Part 2.<br /><br />This is a solid album with some fantastic sounds.<br /><br />Recommend getting the version with bonus tracks (available only via website).
0525423842|5.0|I whipped through this book in about 24 hours after getting hooked by Amazon when I was able to read the 1st chapter for free.  I ordered the book immediately and I am happy to say that the rest of the book was just as good as the 1st chapter.  It was a definite page turner, although the ending left me a little quizzical and wanting more.<br /><br />I am hopeful that Mr. Grisham will decided to write a whole series of books with Theodore Boone as his protagonist because I loved the character and thought that his use of technology was blended in at just the right pace.<br /><br />Bravo, Mr. Grisham! Highly recommended.
B001FB55L2|3.0|I won't go over the story as other reviews have gone through at length what the movie was about. While the story was heartbreaking, and the actors delivered beautifully, I feel that the movie was not very successful in adequately conveying the feelings of confusion, sadness, grief, paranoia, anger, and guilt that it tried to.<br /><br />This was probably due to the reason that it was a slow movie, and the Afghanistan scenes were not nearly as long as the scenes in the suburbs. Also, not a lot of screen time was dedicated to the relationship between the husband and wife, and father and daughters pre-deployment. Therefore, it made it difficult to feel their sadness after the main character's return from war. AlthoughI knew what the characters were going through -- the lack of time spend developing their personalities and relationships with one another inhibited me from FEELING what they were going through.<br /><br />Overall, it was an OKAY movie. I wouldn't watch it again or recommend it to anyone.
B000002L71|5.0|I'm very happy to buyed this Cd, edition 1984, because is plus better than the 1999 anniversary enlarge edition. The songs are better edited.
B0039ZF8D2|4.0|I love this album but I think most people that listen to \\"Distant Relatives\\" would agree that Damian Marley (\\"aka Junior Gong\\") outshined Nas by far.  In fact, I think the Gong could have carried this album all by his lonesome.  The album is great nonetheless but I can only give it four (4) stars due to some of the weak Nas verses.  I don't think Nas did a bad job, I just think he was at least two (2) levels below Damian Marley.
B0031RAOVY|5.0|When I was about 14 years old, I saw my mother trying to shoo away a dog with a water hose.  It was a scottie type dog and taking a closer look at it, it had a bad injury on it's side as it looked like it had been in a fight with a bigger dog.<br /><br />I came from the Philippines two years earlier to rejoin my mother (after many years of separation) who had remarried and now living in the states.  I have never had any kind of a pet before, and I begged my mother to keep the dog... at least until it was healed.  I remember my mother advising me to put some hydrogen peroxide on his wound and she and my step dad let me keep the dog in the garage during that period.<br /><br />My step-dad did not like dogs as he was bitten by one when he was a child.  But so was I, but that didn't keep me from feeling sorry for this dog and nursing him back to health.  I was fortunate enough to have my mother bat for me and was able to keep the dog, as long as he stayed outside and in the garage at night.<br /><br />Talking about loyalty!  This dog would wait for me in the mornings and would go to the school grounds and stay around there until I got out of school.  The dog and I were inseparable and I spent most of my time with him outside, except when I had to come in to do homework and chores ... aaargh!  He was also a great watch dog, but my step dad didn't like it when it growled his next door neighbor out of the garage when he came in (by himself) looking for a tool of some kind.<br /><br />To make a long story short.  My Step Dad was in the National Guard and every summer would have to go off to a summer camp for training.<br /><br />I don't remember the year, but that year he wanted me to come with him where I could earn a little money shinning shoes and brass.  During the first week, I found out that the dog which I had named appropriately as \\"Scottie\\".  Spent the entire week traveling back and forth to school looking for me.  And every time my mother would come home in the car, the dog would sniff in and around the car, also looking for me.<br /><br />My mother visited us in camp at the end of the second week and when she came back home, the dog did what he normally does (sniff in and around the car), but after that ... the dog ran off.<br /><br />My school friends and both my brother and sister all said that the dog hang around the school for a few more days, then disappeared.  I can only hope that it found a new and loving owner!<br /><br />Needless to say, it was the saddest summer in my life!  I am now in my late 60's and to this day ... I will never be without a faithful companion.  I have had several dogs since and one thing I found out ... the most faithful dogs one can ever find, is that one you rescued from the animal shelter.  They seem to know that they've been rescued from a place that could become much worse.<br /><br />So, if you're looking for a dog... please check the animal shelter first .. you never know what you might fall in love with!car, also looking for me.    My mother visited us in camp at the end of the second week and when she came back home, the dog did what he normally does (sniff in and around the car), but after that ... the dog ran off.    My school friends and both my brother and sister all said that the dog hang around the school for a few more days, then disappeared.  I can only hope that it found a new and loving owner!    Needless to say, it was the saddest summer in my life!  I am now in my late 60's and to this day ... I will never be without a faithful companion.  I have had several dogs since and one thing I found out ... the most faithful dogs one can ever find, is that one you rescued from the animal shelter.  They seem to know that they've been rescued from a place that could become much worse.    So, if you're looking for a dog... please check the animal shelter first .. you never know what you might fall in love with!
0345409671|4.0|I recently finished reading this book, and I found it to be very compelling. It gives a narrative of creation from the view of Memnoch, the Fallen Angel.    I most enjoyed how Anne Rice seems to have done her homework, incorporating elements from both the Bible and Apocrypha. Everything interconnects and gives a story of human history that could have easily inspired historical fact.    I especially loved the dynamic between God and Memnoch, and seeing the history of their interactions was very intriguing, and gave me food for thought about who Satan really is.    Of course, it's not all easy to read, and there were parts that confused me. In one place, I can remember having to go back and read it again having had a hard time processing what exactly was happening, but overall the story was easy to follow.    I definitely recommend this book to anyone seeking a good read that offers some things to ponder.
B0016NF06O|4.0|This item was sent as a birthday gift to my mother and the response I received was Gratifying!!!
B002SSUQFG|4.0|Works well, keeps excellent time.  I guess my only complaint is that the case feels a little cheap, but let's face it - it IS a little cheap.  Aside from that I'm quite pleased.  I'm also pleased that it has enough power reserve to not wear it for a full day (meaning no motion from say 10pm one night until 8am two mornings later) and it's still running, so I don't have to reset it after skipping a day.
B001FB5634|1.0|Before i proceed with this review..let me say..I am a lifelong student of history..and this movie looks familar...How? you might ask..In world War Two on the Russian Front the landscape looked similar, there was cannabalism and the world seemed to be at its end,starvation was constant ,the chance of death catching up to you was everyday and survival was living to see each day from beginning to end.The Road..says all this and adds nothing more..are we all so ignorant of our past that this movie seems to add to our view of what might happen in the future..? History shows what humans are capable of when faced with death..We shouldn't need a movie to remind us of it.. but it seems that Hollywood thinks we do..so post-apocalyptic movies are the trend that never ends...they still work in product placement...in The Road..Daddy offers his son a treat..a familar can of soda and daddy drinks from a bottle of a very well known brand of alcoholic beverage..still selling products in movies about the end of life as we know it..They know the truth..it is just a movie and a boring,depressing movie at that.I would have given this movie no stars but that would have added to the depression i am feeling after watching this movie last night.
B002VPE1B6|5.0|I saw this 1st in the theatre & just had to get the Blu-Ray video so I could enjoy it all over again! I loved this film!!!!
B0036EH3XE|2.0|I think ABC missed a golden opportunity not packaging the Final Season in a white box and a black box, offering the season through the perspectives of Jacob and the Man in Black respectively.  After all, this was the duality set up six years ago when Locke was showing Walt how to play backgammon, giving him a little lesson on Manichaeism by holding up black and white game pieces.  Odd, that throughout this long and troubling final season, Cuselof made no reference back to this memorable scene.<br /><br />The season certainly offered a promising start.  The opening double episode was packed with thrills and intrigues that carried over into two or three more episodes, but as Cuselof tried to give us \\"deeper\\" insights into the island, the action all but came to a halt and we seemed to digress into a quasi-Biblical view of the island culminating in the Ballad of Jacob and His Brother, which presented us with the origins of the \\"game\\" they played between them, and the Man in Black's long suppressed desire to get off the island.<br /><br />Cuselof toyed with us a little with another band of castaways led by Dogen, who guarded the Temple from the evil that has come to possess Locke.  We also get treated to an alternative reality set in LA where the Lostaways seemed to be looking for their individual redemption.  No mention of Dharma, and Ben seems reduced to a shadow of his former self.  Despite the new cast members, the return of Widmore, and the interesting \\"sideways\\" episodes, this show returns to the core members from Season One, with the Jacob/MIB story woven into the early episodes through flashbacks.<br /><br />Unfortunately, it isn't very satisfying, as the writers choose to leave much of the island history they developed over five seasons in the crater left by the explosion at the Swan station at the end of Season Five, and take us on a more spiritual journey that loses most of the tension set up in the initial episodes.  But, feeling they may have gotten too sentimental, they jolted us back into the here and now with an island-shaking final episode that attempted to resolve the dual realities they set up.<br /><br />You will either love or hate this final season, as it is quite a departure from the previous seasons. I think a little more thought needs to be given to its packaging, and throwing in some extras that help explain some of the creative process behind this show would be in order. At the very least, they should include the \\"Lost Untangled\\" web series with Puppet Chang, as it was a lot of fun, and showed that the writers could at least poke fun at themselves.s back into the here and now with an island-shaking final episode that attempted to resolve the dual realities they set up.    You will either love or hate this final season, as it is quite a departure from the previous seasons. I think a little more thought needs to be given to its packaging, and throwing in some extras that help explain some of the creative process behind this show would be in order. At the very least, they should include the \\"Lost Untangled\\" web series with Puppet Chang, as it was a lot of fun, and showed that the writers could at least poke fun at themselves.
B001C4AFOY|5.0|This was a very well produced and directed movie.  The acting was superb and the bio of Young Victoria was so interesting and tastefully presented.  Congratulations to all involved!  Will see it again (which will be the 4th time!)  London - may have to get there someday - Kensington & Buckingham Palaces - just to name a few!
B001MEJY8W|2.0|It's a terrible story of mad researchers (or who?) sadistically ushering people to a brink of a death to study near-death experiences from their victims-turned-presumably-MESSANGERS (martyrs)of the other worlds.<br /><br />Crazy, insane, perverted idea, and movie is even much more of questionable reasons.
B002Q9VPFM|5.0|When this movie originally was released in theatres, I decided to wait until the actual director's cut came out. Mainly because I wanted to get the fully idealized version of the film, and because I wanted to avoid all the Watchmen review civil wars that were going on at the time.<br /><br />Anyway so as for the movie itself, this is based on Alan Moore's groundbreaking comic book maxi-series from the 80s(everyone forgets it was a comic 1ST and a graphic novel 2ND!). Moore wanted nothing to do with it, because he's had a bear up his butt ever since the last couple of movie fiascos based on his works(Constantine, From Hell, League Of Extraordinary Gentlemen). But Zack Snyder came along and made this sucker work. For the longest time, the project was plagued with doubt because no one really had any faith that it could be made into a coherent story. The mature nature of The Dark Knight helped cement the idea that not all superhero movies need to be corny action flicks<br /><br />The story is set in an alternate history during 1985. Nixon is STILL President, and Congress has put a ban on superheroes. The Comedian, a former hero from a group called Watchmen, is mysteriosly murdered. Rorschach, the only active hero, sets out to find his killer. What follows is a look into the background of all these now-retired heroes. Nite-Owl is dreaming of his glory days, Silk Spectre tries to live a life away from her mother while comforting Dr. Manhattan(the only one with powers), and Ozymandias is creating a new type of energy source with his vast fortune. However, Rorschach gets framed for killing an ex-villain. Nite-Owl hooks up with Silk Spectre, and frees Rorschach, while Dr. Manhattan is cooling off on Mars because he is blamed for giving his former friends cancer. It turns out the entire thing was a plot by Ozymandias set to stop the nations of the world from going into nuclear war. A final confrontation between the remaning heroes results in them going along with Ozymandias' idea, despite all the deaths it caused, except for Rorscach who ends up as snow pizza.<br /><br />Despite all the fanboy gripe that this movie got, there was an equal amount of praise for it. Most people's expectations got a little to high though, thinking that a Rated-R superhero movie would stay in the #1 spot for very long, which is unfortunate because that's how ALOT of jerks are going to insist on looking at it years from now. I thought the film as a whole captured all the important aspects of the original story, at least alot better than some other comic-based movies. This new Director's Cut brings some additional footage that was left out of the theatrical edition which adds more clarity to the plot, plus some scenes that weren't included at all like the death of the original Nite-Owl. I'd recommend getting this, BIGTIME.l the deaths it caused, except for Rorscach who ends up as snow pizza.    Despite all the fanboy gripe that this movie got, there was an equal amount of praise for it. Most people's expectations got a little to high though, thinking that a Rated-R superhero movie would stay in the #1 spot for very long, which is unfortunate because that's how ALOT of jerks are going to insist on looking at it years from now. I thought the film as a whole captured all the important aspects of the original story, at least alot better than some other comic-based movies. This new Director's Cut brings some additional footage that was left out of the theatrical edition which adds more clarity to the plot, plus some scenes that weren't included at all like the death of the original Nite-Owl. I'd recommend getting this, BIGTIME.
B001NLKT60|3.0|I loved The Girl With the Dragon Tattoo.  I loved much of this book.  But much of that love goes back to the characterization developed in Tattoo.  Too much of \\"Fire\\" is unfocused.  The plot is good, but seems short changed.  The primary perspective is always uncertain.  More focus would have been beneficial.  The lack of focus is evident in the unsatisfying, some might say undeveloped, ending of the book.
B00004XOWM|3.0|Hey people whats good?? This is the album that helped get me into metal, once I was watching TRL and Fred Durst did some free stylr rapping with carson Daly I knew it was all over, I was a metal fiend for life!!  \\"My Generation\\" is a metal legand that stands the test of time and pretty much sums up what people that grew up in my era are all about, great riffs from Wes!!  \\"Rollin'\\" is amazing and moves me like no other song, the hard metal riffs are almost too much to take but Fred's great free form rapping make it irresistable, I often break dance to this in the food court at the mall.  Another stand out track is \\"My Way\\", you can never hear it enough, the reason I gave this disk 3 Stars instead of five was they only included \\"My Way\\" here once, on \\"new old songs\\" they included it 5 times which is more appropriate its that darn good!!  \\"Hot Dog\\" has great lyrics, I don't see hoe anyone can deny this song!!  I could go on and on why this album rules but u don't need to hear me ramble, get this and the new album \\"Gold Cobra\\" its a smash thats blowing up nation wide, the Bizkit is HERE TO STAY!!  Who-Dey, Go Bengals!!  --Bizkit 'n Bengals 4 Lyfe--
055358202X|4.0|-First off id like to note that yeah, this book is not quite as good as the previous ones simply because the best characters are not in it.  -That is the only negative aspect that i saw.  -George R.R. Martin's writing remains top notch.  -I was completely interested throughout the entire book, and those few chapters that were slow, were build-up chapters. The way the story is unfolding it was nice to see the perspective of the Iron Islands and Dorne. They obviously have significance to the story, so all these reviews that are whining about all these new POV's are just being ignorant to the story as a whole.  - From the start it was already known this would be a build-up book.  -So yeah, Cersei has a lot of chapters, but it should be that way. much of this book was telling of the happenings in King's Landing, so why shouldn't the main POV there be the the person with the most influence at that location. makes sense to me.  -The Iron Islands are strong and they have an important part in the story, I am glad I got to know the motivation behind their actions. and Dorne is important as well. Who doesn't want to know whats happening all around Westeros.    -The way the story is going. all the happenings in this book, seem that they will be seamlessly incorporated in the main story.  -After reading some of these other reviews, with people saying they are thinking of quiting the series. I hope you do, you dont deserve to read this amazing story, i see it as they are just looking at this book as a stand along story, and not as a part of the whole, like Martin has made very clear the entire time.   -There was not one chapter that i felt was there to just take up space. If you like the first three, and your imagination is wide enough to view this story as a big long book that has to be divided into 7 i promise you will not be disappointed.  thx for reading this, i hope it has helped you.  Cant wait for A Dance with Dragons!
B001PU8N0I|5.0|I watched this today and could not keep my eyes off it. I truly think that this is a Wonderful mini-series and worth the watching it! Charles Dickens and Andrew Davies Bring this too Life on the screen! Watch it it has has great family love in it!
B00127RAJY|5.0|Llevo aproximadamente haciendo ejercicios con los dvd's de Jillian por 3 meses, y me atreveria a decir que al mes comprobe los resultados!. Correr en el treadmill me bajo de peso pero necesitaba ponerme \\"tone\\" y reducir barriga, entre otras cosas......Llevo 3 meses y tengo ya dibujado sixpack que me atrevi a mostrarlo en mi ultimo viaje a Miami, aun hay grasa por eliminar pero el sixpack esta visiblemente ahi!!! mis brazos, gluteos, caderas, todo se ve mejor y con porte mas atletico. Sus ejercicios son en si por solo 20 minutos, adicionales de 3 minutos de calentamiento y otros 2 quiza para enfriamiento, debo confesar que yo termino con un dvd y comienzo con otro de ella, entonces hago 2 rutinas (55 minutos aprox) 5 o 6 veces a la semana, quiza este pecando de \\"overtraining\\" pero los resultados son notables y me motivan a continuar mas! Buena Suerte!
0525423842|3.0|If you wish to compare this book with some of Grisham's earlier works, it just doesn't cut it.  A very light and quick read more geared toward the younger generation.  The story begins with a 13 year old Theodore Boone whoes mother and father are both attorneys.  He has a burning desire to become a great trial lawyer giving advice to his school mates and also frequenting the court house in his quest for the learning more about the law.  In doing so he becomes involved in a local, sensational murder case.  The plot is quite predictable but Grisham leaves you wanting a bit more at the end.  It appears that Grisham may be starting a series involing this character.  Although I found the book to be just OK, younger readers may enjoy it much more.
B002RSDW80|5.0|I have to say that I enjoyed the video, but I was pleasantly surprised that it's audio described for the visually impaired. Not only that, but the descriptions were the best I've ever heard. The describer read EVERY word on the screen, including the credits, on top of describing the goings-on. I admit I didn't listen to all of the descriptions, preferring the subtitles, but I wanted to make people aware that they're there. Thanks, whoever is responsible for this great thing!!
1556438850|5.0|This is a perfect book for people who are new to yoga and are trying to understand and follow their teacher's directions.  Every pose is perfectly described, (There's even a detailed section on body structure and movement).  I love the foreword by Mariel Hemingway... it's fun to read about her respect and admiration for the author (Mark Stephens). She writes, \\"He is a teacher's teacher.\\"  Beautiful book.
B0027BOL4G|5.0|This movie is a must-see for all Americans who care about their health and their country, which should be all of us. Eye-opening info on big Agribusiness and their practices.
B00003CXB4|5.0|Thank You, Thank You Thank You, I had purchased this movie in the past and just love it and then someone stole it from my house, for 3 years I have been searching video stores, electronic stores, grocery stores, and wherever else they may sell movies to try to luck up on a copy for sale with no luck.  I absolutely love this movie and think that it is defintely one of if not the best animated movie of all time past present and maybe even future. The Lion King has set the bar very high and all other animated movies have a long way to go to match up and compare to it.
B002ZRPQ5K|1.0|I am so disappointed in the direction that Keane has taken with these last two albums. Perfect Symmetry had several cuts that I liked even tho  most of it sounded like a rehash of 80s brit/pop/new-wave. I was counting the days down to the release of Night Train because I was and am a huge Keane fan but this is a mess. In my opinion it is utterly unlistenable. I'm all for artists growing creatively but how I long for the days of soul-searching lyrics and pounding keyboard heavy tunes all expressed through the miracle that is Tom Chaplin's voice. Please come back to us Keane and all will be forgiven.
B001FB5634|5.0|Viggo Mortenson deserved a best actor nomination for this, if not a win. Seriously, they pick a slug like George Clooney (who plays himself in every movie, no variation) for a nomination over Viggo? I also think this movie deserved a best picture nomination as well, this was certainly much better than some of the movies they picked.    Bottom line, everything about this movie is five stars,I don't remember the last time i was so emotionally connected to the characters in a movie (i nearly cried at the ending).     The basic plot of the movie is the journey of a man (Viggo Mortenson) and his son (neither character is given a name) as they travel across a post apocalyptic wasteland that was the United States. I don't want to give away too much of the story    This is a very depressing and sad movie as a whole, because you get up close and personal with the two main character's pathetic lives. They just keep walking, picking up food where they can, which is extremely hard to find (at one point they are shown eating bugs), and avoiding \\"the bad guys\\", who travel in large groups and eat people. I really felt for these characters in their struggle and found myself forming a huge smile when little bits of happiness went their way (don't want to give anything away, but a small example is when they find a waterfall and go swimming in it).    As a note, there are some very disturbing things that happen in this movie so if you aren't one for that kind of stuff...but if you can take it, this is easily one of the best movies of the year in every way. Very highly recommended
B00337KM2S|5.0|In a perfect world we wouldn't need undertakers or IRS auditors or for that matter an employment terminator.  In the latter occupation Ryan Bingham (George Clooney) does it so well even if he doesn't particularly like it or dislike it for that matter. To maintain some sense of sanity Ryan engages in casual affairs or keeps a log of his frequent flier miles and takes pride in the comps he's accumulated.  With the current economic climate things couldn't be better for Ryan's field.  Ryan, however, is at a mid-career crisis.  The home office in Omaha wants to keep him off the road by doing internet hook-up firings.  At home in Wisconsin he's reminded of the disconnect with his own roots and family.  At this crossroad Ryan has some serious choices to make.  I found \\"Up in the Air\\" to be a piece with director Jason Reitman's earlier effort \\"Thank You For Smoking\\" in that Reitman challenges the audience to sympathize with a central character with an unsavory occupation.  George Clooney is excellent in suggesting the complexities of Ryan.  The real find here is Anna Kendrick as Natalie Keener, Ryan's Ivy League protogee.  Natalie could have come off as an automaton but Kendrick mines the humanity and humor of the character.  Vera Fermiga is alright but essentially her character is the standard girlfriend part.  The accolades drawn by the film seem have caused a negative reaction among some viewers.  Divorce it from the hype you will find it is an excellent film.
B0039ZF8D2|5.0|Proceeds from this AMAZING album will go towards building a school for children in the Congo. If Nas and Jr. Gong don't get a Grammy for this, then somethings really wrong in this world.
044024367X|2.0|This is sure to be a disappointment to avid Reacher fans; Nothing to Lose doesn't meet Child's usual high standard for suspense and action. Despite bright spots, the story wanders somewhat inexorably to completion.  The reader is provided a peek at Child's negative attitude toward the Bush administration, the \\"War on Terror,\\" and fundamentalist/apocalyptic/doomsday theology (although he brands it simply conservative Christianity). The climax is disappointing as well: A police officer pressing a button to set off a dirty nuclear bomb on US soil only a few miles from her home town and sharing the same aquifer? Sanity, reason and plausibility takes a holiday.
1423113497|5.0|This book was excellent! I'm glad we read the book before going to see the movie! The book is much more in depth and fascinating!
B0036S4B6M|5.0|A must read by all who like memoirs.  Piper's story gives a great insight to the &#34;outside&#34; world.
0761158464|5.0|A great new scanimation book. Love the Star Wars pictures, quotes, and reference to movie. A great gift for Star Wars fans of all ages.
0385532458|5.0|This book was received promptly and in the advertised condition. The transaction met all expectations.
B0019N8P2W|5.0|I was excited to the max when MTV finally released this after so many years. However, I was disappointed beyond belief to find upon reading the blurb inside the DVD packet that due to copyright, alot of the cool 90's music bites within episodes had to be deleted and replaced with newly composed bits of music. I was completely unaware that this is what held back the release of the DVD for so long. This does change how I enjoy the series now - something is definately missing.    Amazon, although I am happy to have Daria on DVD finally, I would have appreciated knowing that the episodes are not as they were originally aired before purchasing.
0439813786|5.0|I love this book. Every thing was soooo great. Isabella, Hugo,and Papa Georges felt like they were real. Every kid who likes adventure will love this book.
B002VPE1AW|5.0|Excellent seller. Item arrived quickly and was just as described. Thanks for a great transaction.
B002N8A14M|5.0|amazing product...received a month ago, perfect fit.  i recommend it strongly+ the price is amazing.
B0001ADAVK|5.0|This is my favorite movie.  I am very pleased with the price and the short time it took to come in.
B003405MF6|4.0|Great Disk,   Good mix of instrumental and vocal selections - really enjoyed it.
B001TK8TJO|5.0|Dr. Chapman has developed a very nice paradigm of 5 love languages, or ways we communicate (give/receive) love in intimate relationships (specifically, marriage).  He shows, very clearly via real-world experience in treating patients, just how effective this knowledge is when applied correctly.  In other words, anyone can be more effective in loving another person by just understanding how that person feels loved, or which \\"love language\\" they understand best or are lacking etc.      He does a better job of explaining it in the book, of course, and that's way he's Dr. Chapman, but I find his methods to be wonderfully easy to apply with just a minimal amount of self-discipline.  And even better, he isn't afraid to share his own experiences and personal struggles and growth.  Truly essential information, if you care to make your relationships as meaningful as possible in this lifetime.  The book even comes with the necessary tools for \\"husbands\\" or \\"wives\\" to determine their individual, primary (and secondary etc.) love language(s).  Know the \\"language\\" you feel most loved in, and that of your partner, too!
B000024KBK|5.0|1991...was a memorable year for me. I can't stand it when people slag off this album. Certainly, \\"Kill Uncle\\" is no \\"Vauxhall & I\\" but it IS a wonderful effort in its own right. Someone stole my copy so here I am, ordering another again.     Some of my favorite tracks include : \\"Mute Witness\\" \\"Harsh Truth Of The Camera Eye\\" and \\"King Leer\\" (I'll never look at Tizer the same way again.)     It's a fun album, clearly nothing to be scrutinized under a magnifying glass. Enjoy it for what it is, nothing more.     I'd definitely pick it over Moz's later efforts. (don't tar and feather me please)
B0015HOFZI|3.0|We've had a little problem with this item.  It either works great or pick up a lot of white noise - regardless of LP condition.  We hope to solve problem but we aren't sure how.
B0000073OU|5.0|One of the coolest bands from the second ska generation, The Selecter, is a must have for serious music collectors. This collection leaves you wanting more.
B00002SWEM|5.0|This is a stupendous documentary.  In color with wonderful shots of Havana and the musicians as well as wonderful interviews with these international treasures.  Without this film most of us would never have had the opportunity to witness and appreciate these older performers.  A must see for all - the music is fabulous!
1603420398|4.0|Would have been a 5 IF it showed how on some of the projects   being new to this craft  I find it hard to understand sometimes
B000002UZU|5.0|With 22 reviews, spanning fom 1 to 5 stars, the only reason I'm throwing my two cents in the ante is because, IF you dig HOOKER & HEAT, you're gonna LOVE the HOOKER & HOGS cd!!!  Just 11 tracks of the, PERHAPS, BEST collaboration with a BAND since THE VEE JAY YEARS 1955-1964!!!  CHECK IT OUT!!!  'Nuf said!
B0030BYWKK|3.0|I don't remember how I caught on to these guys but I did purchase their Trials of Van Occupanther CD and liked it a lot. Head Home is simply one of the most heartbreakingly beautiful songs ever recorded. I like the band's view of things. They have a unique sound with peculiar vocal phrasing and great harmonies. I barely know what to make of their lyrics. Am I hearing extreme innocence or naivete? Whatever. I've never heard this before in anyone's lyrics.    The Courage of Others is better only in the production. The band was obviously given more time in the studio. The recording is cleaner and the instrumental technique has improved notably. This is a more even, better realized outing than Van Occupanther but it really isn't better at its core. These songs are are so similar to Van Occupanther it's practically the same CD. It's not bad, just not really different. Some of the greatest musical artists in recording history show a progression from their early releases to their later ones. This isn't the case here. This is just a better version of their previous recording.     I could easily give this another half star. It's good in it's own right and easy on the ears. I just think these guys need to take a stronger leap. It's worth owning for anyone who enjoyed their \\"Trials\\" release. Just don't expect anything outside of what you've already heard.
B002VPE1B6|5.0|I have to admit, I did not enjoy the movie so much at the theater. I had to pee the whole time and was just too long to sit. Sound was bad and center channel was really distorted. MY home theater is great, as the sound is extraordinary and I can pause to get up and get a drink or what ever.  I recomend giving this movie a second chance at home, especially if you have an excellent home theater.
B001HNE3NO|4.0|I disagree with the reviewers who said this was a poorly written book.   I really enjoyed reading it.   The historical facts made it fascinating (I found myself \\"having\\" to go do some research).   I would recommend this book.
B0038VPB5W|4.0|I enjoy this B4MV album just as much, maybe more than the others.  If you like this band, you will enjoy this CD.
B002VPE1B6|4.0|All I can say is that the quality of video with the Blu-ray is amazing. I popped in the DVD and it looked like I was watching youtube. Definitely need the Blu-ray for a movie like this.
0385342039|5.0|I am a fan of Sophie Kinsella....Basically, I read all of her books. This one, Twenties Girl, has different story layout which makes the book even more interesting and special. The story is very touched, comparing to Designer Brands, Shopping Habits, Fancy Restaurant..etc, this book has more aspects about family, love, and friendship. Great book!
185984054X|5.0|And it is vitally-needed. All authentic spirituality begins with humility. Teresa had virtually none. Was she at least a marginal, even if deeply-flawed, humanitarian ? Doubtful, at best. Moreover, the Vatican has a penchant for celebrating egregious imposters and apostates. Even murderers and their accomplices. Torquemada. The builder of California missions, Junipero Serra, who roasted non-compliant indigenes over slow fires. Popes Pius XI and XII as Nazi collaborators. Also...John Paul II who turned his back on Polish Holocaust victims when he was a priest. Benedict XVI (aka Joe Ratzinger) was a ardent Hitler Youth member. And then, there is Bernard Cardinal Law, a champion of priest-sodomists, now holding a post of high prestige in Rome. Thanks, Mr. Hitchens. You have added fuel to the funeral pyre of a grossly-fallen institution. With worse yet to come (as per the Prophecies of St. Nilus of Ancyra).
B002VPE1AW|1.0|Avatar makes Americans look bad. A  propaganda movie for environmentalists.  Makes our military leaders look bad and makes American industry look bad. The idea that we all would be better off living in a jungle is ridiculous.
0525423842|2.0|I was happy to learn that best-selling author John Grisham was entering the youth market with Theodore Boone Kid Lawyer, the first of a planned series. I read and enjoyed a few of his earlier books some years back and knew he was capable of telling a compelling story. Because I think children and young adults deserve great storytelling (how else will we instill a love of reading in them?), I was looking forward to Grisham's contribution.<br /><br />Unfortunately, it didn't live up to my expectations. Not only was it not great, it wasn't even particularly good.<br /><br />Thirteen year old Theodore Boone wants to be a lawyer - or perhaps a judge - he hasn't quite decided yet. He loves to hang out at the courthouse and sit in on trials whenever he can. He knows most of the legal types about town - judges, clerks, bailiffs, etc. and they all know him by name. At school, classmates approach him with their troubles and he gives them legal advice. When one of those classmates takes Theo aside and tells him that his cousin may be an important witness to a murder currently being tried before Theo's friend, Judge Gantry, Theo finds himself involved.<br /><br />It's a good premise. But Theodore Boone Kid Lawyer stumbles as soon as it steps up to the plate. For the first 60 pages of the 260 page novel, Theo plods from place to place having (mostly) meaningless and (mostly) uninteresting conversations with (mostly) unimportant-to-the-plot characters. It's an awkward beginning to what I had believed would be a legal thriller, kid style.<br /><br />And while the pace did pick up a bit around that 60 page mark when we began to learn details of the murder, the expected thrills never materialized. Instead it was one conversation after another that moved the plot forward to the completely predictable (and vaguely unsatisfying) conclusion. Along the way, there was no mystery, very little action or suspense and almost no humor whatsoever to punch the story up and keep us turning the pages.<br /><br />To top it off, I didn't find Theo a particularly engaging character. He's nice enough, but because he comes across as rather unrealistically perfect, it's tough to warm up to him. There were a number of instances as well where I felt his thoughts and observations of others held tones of condescension - not an attractive trait, especially in a young teen.<br /><br />My rating is 2.5 stars. For me, Theodore Boone Kid Lawyer hovered someplace between \\"It was okay\\" and \\"I didn't like it\\". Normally I round up because I want to give the author the benefit of the doubt. But this is John Grisham, for pete's sake. He should have hit it out of the park. Instead, he bunted.n't find Theo a particularly engaging character. He's nice enough, but because he comes across as rather unrealistically perfect, it's tough to warm up to him. There were a number of instances as well where I felt his thoughts and observations of others held tones of condescension - not an attractive trait, especially in a young teen.    My rating is 2.5 stars. For me, Theodore Boone Kid Lawyer hovered someplace between \\"It was okay\\" and \\"I didn't like it\\". Normally I round up because I want to give the author the benefit of the doubt. But this is John Grisham, for pete's sake. He should have hit it out of the park. Instead, he bunted.
B002T9H2LA|2.0|All the casts were chosen fantastic and performed superb.  The ending was very poor with a nonsense finish.
0525421580|5.0|I absolutely loved this book.  I wish more books were written with the same formula.  This book has an opportunity to help teens learn the importance of facing the truth and how much better everything is once you do.
B001EN71CW|1.0|I don't understand why anybody thinks this is at all good.  I'm a sci-fi geek through and through, from all the Star Treks, both BSG's, all the Stargates, Babylon 5 (and it's ill-fated spinoff Crusade), I'm usually cool with anything in space.  But my god.  Ridiculous? Awful? Cause of severe eye-bleeding? I'm not sure how I can really describe this show.  I probably even managed to make it through half the episodes without knowing or caring who was doing what before I gave up and sold it on here to some poor misguided soul. The acting is bad.  So is the writing.  And the western style is absurd.  Why in the H would people redevelop western accents?  Is the medieval British accent making a comeback? The whole thing is just a complete waste of a show.
B000002L9J|4.0|TQD is indeed pop masterpiece whose genius could have only been penned by moz and co. TQD is also musical statement as well as testament to the world of who the smiths really were- a tour de force of songwriting and rock n roll. The Smiths breeze through various tempos and styles as if it were all too easy for them. begniinng with the snarl of the queen is dead to rockabilly of vicar in a tutu to acoustic boy with the thorn in his side. these are all staples in the smiths canon, which is formidable in itself.   I am not a smiths fanatic as i would never buy tickets to see them or morissey by myself. however, i do appreciate them as i would led zeppelin or lynard skynard- a great rocknroll band that carved out it's very own special niche.
B000Q8QH0I|4.0|This is a great movie, a million times better than Titanic (which won Best Picture that year).    But the review is for the blu-ray - solid picture quality, but not as stunning as some others I've seen. Recommended for $10-12, but not more.
B000002P5R|5.0|Being a dedicated Hendrix fan, I could not resist this.  And I was not disappointed - what do you expect?
B003ME15CS|5.0|Okay, I loved \\"Good Girl Gone Bad\\" regular version, and the Reloaded/Remixed version.  So, when I first listened to \\"Rated R\\", I thought most of the songs were too slow, not enough upbeat tracks.  But, with this album \\"Rated R: Remixed\\", it changed the songs to be more upbeat, and just plain better.  If you're like me and wasn't that thrilled with the original, get this Remixed CD, you'll love it!!!
B0039TD7RC|5.0|I wish the reviews for the Deluxe edition were separate from the reviews for the other editions of Exile.  The Deluxe edition gets 1-star.  As is predictable for any recent remaster (or any new rock release, unfortunately) from the last 10-12 years, the Deluxe edition of Exile has overcompressed sound that lacks the dynamics or clarity of the 1994 remaster.  It's basically the music industry cashing in on consumers who have no idea that they're actually getting an inferior version of what they got years ago.    Don't be fooled by the ridiculous amount of media hype (since when does a remaster with bonus tracks get news time on CNN?); buy the 1994 remaster instead.
B000TGJ80S|1.0|Since I've never seen the older Dracula movies, I have no way of comparing this attempted execution.  The things that bothered me was the casting of Keanu and Wynona.  Keanu felt stiff and contrived, and Wynona came off as her usual overly-dramatic self.  Nothing else felt dramatic in action. I felt bad about my giving this to my husbad as a present.  I don't think he liked it, either.
B001AX60KU|1.0|I will not buy this set for one reason the cd,s are packed in cardboard and when you take them out they all get scratched,come on RCA you cant give your biggest recording star at least four jewel cases to house the cd,s.Very poor.
B0029O08WA|5.0|I absolutely LOVE this soundtrack and have not taken it out of the player for ages. Can't get enough of it, my kids who are 4 and 2 actually know the words to the songs now.....highly recommend this one even if you aren't a Twilight fan (which I am)!!
0312427999|5.0|This is a very clear and understandable view of Neo-Con style economic imperialism throughout the world from the 50's to the present. See history and the USA as those in other countries see it. See what is in store for Europe and the USA economically. I recommend it as a must read with an extraordinary amount of references. You may not like what it reveals but it is undeniable.
B001ED7C58|5.0|LOVE the movie and LOVe the soundtrack. More than happy with all of the songs and really can't get enough of this one.
0060934719|5.0|I first read this book a few years ago. I asked a friend, a manager of a bookstore what her favourite books or authors were to expand upon my reading list. She recommended Stardust and Neverwhere, both by Neil Gaiman. Both became quick favourites though very different and both left a lasting impression on me. Stardust is the story of Tristan Thorne, who is unaware of his true heritage at the beginning of the book. It is the story of his adventures in the land of Faerie; he was raised in a town near the wall that separates Faerie from England. Tristan sets out to retrieve a fallen star from Faerie so the woman he loves will marry him. Whilst there he discovers the star is really a sentient being, Yvaine, and during their adventures together he is changed. During his time in Faerie he discovers truths about himself and he finds that his goals and aspirations have changed. The book is full of wonder and adventure. It is an excellent read, for Gaimen mixes fantasy, adventure and a grisly reality into a high adventure story.
0525423842|5.0|I bought this book for my 14-year-old as a summer reading book. I did read it first so I could know what he was talking about while giving me his daily chapter summery. I very much enjoyed it!     I wouldn't recommend it for a non-avid reader less than about 10 years old, though. It is very well written, but it is not childishly written, if you know what I mean. This is no Magic Treehouse book. I reads exactly like any other John Grisham novel, except is is clearly geared for middle school aged kids.    That being said, my 14-year old has already read the first 2 chapters and is getting sucked into it despite his every intention to hate any book that isn't a graphic novel.
B0000072O2|5.0|I bought this CD on the basis of the tracks it had, and oh boy did it deliver. These rich, ageless Celtic themes with the Oldfield touch made the disc one delight after another.     Recently I was racking my brain to come up with a birthday gift for soulmate's mother, when it hit me that I was listening to it right then .... so I got another CD and it was very enthusiastically received.     If you enjoy Celtic music, add this to your collection.
B0036EH3XE|5.0|In this review, I wanna share with you some thoughts about \\"The End\\" and why Lost will always have a place in my heart for the rest of my life.<br /><br />But for that matter, I will let a friend of mine talk about it, because, I can't express with the same clever way than him. Credits to [...]. This for me is the perfect interpretation of what the show was about, so read carefully. Oh, by the way, it contains spoilers:<br /><br />So here it goes:<br /><br />There's a plane. Oceanic 815. This plane represents us, men. Us, always sky high, us, involved in a metal shield hard to be broken. We are always here and there, here and there, flying in high speed, here and there, without thinking, always carrying fragile things inside ourselves, always in the hights, always, going higher and higher, and higher each second, like this, in a flash.<br /><br />Only sometimes, we fall. Sometimes, we break in little pieces.<br /><br />So let's take a look in one of these men: Jack Sheppard. He represents us, this plane. And this plane falls on an island, this man, falls into his own conscience: the island.<br /><br />By the way, who is the first character appearing in the show? That's right, JACK! Jack opens his eyes.<br /><br />And what happens next? Jack is walking by the forest and then finally arrives in front of his broken person: the plane. And all those people that were there, they were Jack's little fragments. All the characters on the show, all those characters we came to know and love are fragments of Jack's persona. That's right, Lost is all about Jack. Lost is all about men.<br /><br />So if we stop and start to think hard, all the characters represents a little fragment of Jack that was spread into Jack's conscience (the island) and Jack represents men, and men are represented by the plane of flight 815.<br /><br />And now Jack will have to recover because he fell, he broke, and now Jack will have to put all his fragments together again. And this happens only now in Season 6, when all of these fragments starts to find one another in the once called parallel reality, which we learn in the final seconds, it's the afterlife.<br /><br />And the afterlife has begun after Juliet detonates the hydrogen bomb. And who is Juliet in the afterlife? Well, Juliet is the mother of Jack's son. If all the characters are fragments of Jack, Juliet can be seen as the mother, in other words, the mother fragment inside men. It's the mother of men who promotes the miracle of closing the circle with all these fragments meeting each other, connecting each other and being like one again in Jack.<br /><br />And so finally Jack have his peace, which is the most beautiful example.<br /><br />And in the final scene, when Jack returns to the place where he first woke up on the island, who is the one that is in the very side of Jack once again? That's right, VINCENT, the dog. And what is the dog? Well the dog is men's best friend. So it's men's best friend together with men, we can remember the very first sequence in the beginning of the series when Vincent just passes by, he's not in the side of Jack; Vincent is also... LOST. But now, in the end, the circle is closed and Jack is his own best friend. Jack found himself. Now, Jack is fixed, he's one again, he's complete.<br /><br />Once the fragments of Jack was Lost, was all spread. But now, they found one another, they are connected, and they are ready to leave.<br /><br />It makes perfect sense. Once again:<br /><br />The plane is a symbol: the man. The island is man's conscience, the man was cast away into his own conscience. When the episode finishes, we can remember Jack leaving the place he fell in the first episode, walking to the beach, looking all around, and then he starts to understand: that's me, I'm like this, I'm broken, look at all my spread fragments all over my conscience... it will be a long journey to put it all back together again.<br /><br />And to sum it all: we are left with two words: broke and leave. In the beginning we are all broken. In the end, all we want is leave. In the end, Jack is ready to die. Ready to leave.<br /><br />And to conclude: what was that plane that passes in the end? Well, we can think of: Ajira, Oceanic 815, or even another plane. But for me, it's just another man who flies. And this man will find himself... and leave.<br /><br />What a beautiful way of thinking. What a wonderful ending... what a fantastic show!leave.    And to conclude: what was that plane that passes in the end? Well, we can think of: Ajira, Oceanic 815, or even another plane. But for me, it's just another man who flies. And this man will find himself... and leave.    What a beautiful way of thinking. What a wonderful ending... what a fantastic show!
B002QGUFWE|5.0|I listen to this when I exercise and at one of my jobs. The mostly upbeat lyrics and the club music give me a real energy boost and I get so much accomplished listening to this. It reminds of the stuff mtv used to play back in the 80's and 90's. And alot of miss gaga's unique talent. Lady Gaga  has a very unique throaty voice, she can SING  high notes and low notes and she is not afraid to try differant genres of music.   They should have a explicit content label on the back of the last cd. The last two songs on the second cd are filthy. Nothing against freedom of speech , But some of us have little kids in the car alot and don't want them hearing about masturbation and kinky sex just yet.
B002M2T1UO|5.0|...unlike in Europe, where scenes are missing from Season 5 and 6. It took me 30 minutes to check all the discs, because it is impossible to just pull them out with two fingers and back in. The inner paper sleves were often torn after trying to pull them out. They could have easily cut out the other side of the cardboard, so you can grab them with your finger tips. That would have been a 100% improvment, but still not optimal for a complete series collection with so many discs. The discs were not scratched or damaged at all, as far I can see. So the new batch seems to be ok. I also ordered on the Gold Box Deal day. Thanks from Germany.
B0021L8V1G|4.0|I was a little worried, this would not live up to the hype with over 2 dozen famous actors and actresses in it. But it was just as good as the first one. Tony Stark is not only acting more arrogant than ever,but completely fool hardy? Underneath it all, he seems to be hiding something? But why?   Mickey Rourke plays an Eastern European chemist who wants to take out Ironman ( complete with crazy hair and a grill on his teeth). \\"If you can make God bleed,he reasons, people will cease to believe in him\\".  You might not wanna takes kids younger than 8, the script is superbly well written and the movie has so many witty jokes and plot twists and double entendres it will go over their heads. I seen many small children in the theater running around and begging their parents to please leave,while the older brothers and sisters and parents were trying to enjoy themselves.  The other problem with this movie is,if you did not see the first one, you will be lost.The filmmakers figured they have the exact same audience they did at the first one and their is no need to recap what is going on for new viewers to Ironman saga.
B001HN694K|4.0|Those of you in the Home Viewing Market should be advised: this is not the 3-D version of the film, wether you purchase the DVD, the Blu-Ray, or the Combo Pack. The Blu-Ray 3-D version is slated for a future (likely Christmas) release.<br /><br />The DVD release is quite nice. Several extra features about the making of the movie, one focuses on Alice's character, another on Depp's conception of the Mad Hatter. Forgettable. Most people won't watch these more than once. The film is simply \\"The Film\\" that made almost a billion dollars in March and April-- you already know if you love it or hate it.<br /><br />The potential buyer might want to carefully consider the format one purchases: The problems currently being reported with the new Blu-Ray security coding on \\"Avatar\\" are likely to be found in this Blu-Ray edition as well-- even if you know how to \\"update the firmware\\" in your Blu-Ray player, it seems pretty dicey right now, whether or not it will actually play in your player, especially the \\"older\\" models. At least if you buy the Blu-Ray/DVD combo pack you can be reasonably assured that you can watch the DVD disc without any problems...<br /><br />Just as well it's not the 3-D version-- that currently requires one to purchase a new 3-D Blu-Ray Player, a new 3-D Widescreen HD TV, *and* $100-a-pair 3-D glasses that have a wireless connection to the player... and you think the *current* Blu-Ray system is still a little bug-ridden?
B001UGIIMA|5.0|The story line was about how Nathan Muir (Robert Redford), an almost retired CIA agent, developing plans by himself to rescue Tom Bishop (Brad Pitt), his protégé field agent, from China's captivity within 24 hours time frame.     Muir, on his last day at CIA, was informed that Bishop had been held captive at some China's prison. He sensed the US government would sacrifice Bishop in the case, for a more beneficial political result. He then counter-acted by his own, conjuring moves to release Bishop from prison at all cost, including his personal retired saving.     The scenes took turn between flashes back of Muir and Bishop's past encounters, and the current intelligence-contest between Muir and his bureaucrat colleagues in CIA headquarters. He smartly supplied what seemed like important and related information to his CIA colleagues, and at the same time, misdirected them to buying time working out his own plan. At the end, Muir's plan succeeded, and Bishop rescued from an almost-impossible-to-win situation.     It was gripping from the first minute to the last. It is necessary to watch this movie with eyes and ears sharp opened, to not missing any small and insignificant act, which turned out all playing role in the whole rescuing plan. Brilliant!
0553582453|5.0|I love Lord Golden/ the Fool and I love Tom/ Fitz. This series has made me laugh out loud and bawl like a baby. Excellent trilogy.
193413712X|4.0|This is not an easy read; in fact, I understood it much better when I read large sections of it a second time.  It's such an interesting construct, with the stories of George, his father, and his father's father woven in and out.  Some members of my book club skimmed parts that they found uninteresting, but every part is germane to our understanding of the characters in this book.  Once you understand that, it ALL becomes interesting.
0307454541|3.0|The mystery in this book was the only thing interesting. I was not drawn by the characters, Lisbeth and Mikhail. I didn't like them at all. But the book deals with really heavy issues and I don't consider it appropriate for teenagers. Too much violence, craziness, sexual issues, promiscuity. But I kept reading till the end because I really was interested in the mystery surrounding Harriet's family.
0064430227|5.0|Great book that will inspire young and old to take up drawing. It's a great story as well as an inspiration to budding artists, showing that by drawing a line, a circle, etc. you can create new worlds. Our favorite part is when Harold is hungry: \\"There was nothing to eat but pie. But there were all nine kinds of pie that Harold liked best.\\" The nine kinds of pie are never listed, so it is a fun game to play with your kids to see if you can name them. It's also a nice touch that not everything is perfectly drawn, adding to the spontaneous, spur of the moment quality of the book. A timeless classic.
B00000IMTG|4.0|As I write the words to this review it is still inconceivable to me that Ronnie James Dio is dead. I had heard about his cancer like most celebrities with most of the serious details being kept from the public (ala Freddie Mercury).  Still it is a bitter blow and this man will always remain a true rock god and one of my greatest heroes. Anyway, released in the summer of 1977, `On Stage' was a double live record from a band that had only released two studio albums previous; rather audacious or pretentious depending on your opinion of the incomparable Ritchie Blackmore.  Rainbow was already a force on the world's heavy rock stages so why not a live record as a third release? It seemed that the true merits and power of the band could only truly be captured in a live setting so the time did seem right. `On Stage' can be criticized for some of the selections but others may find such matters not worth quibbling about. I for one could probably due without \\"Still I'm Sad\\", a brief instrumental on the debut but a here a sprawling full song with vocals, no thanks. Although I love \\"Catch the Rainbow',  I think it could have been shorter as some parts are so quiet it almost seems as if the band just stops playing.  \\"Man on the Silver Mountain\\" is fine, not as great as the studio version (perfection in my opinion) and why is \\"Starstruck\\" only making a cameo here?  This brings me to my biggest gripe about `On Stage', it features no songs from `Rising' which is their greatest record (I don't count \\"Starstruck' here as it is just a tease). No \\"Stargazer\\" or \\"Light in the Black\\" which is a damn shame.  I love \\"Mistreated\\" here better than Purple's version but maybe that could have been shortened too. I don't know, I guess I would recommend `On Stage' with my above disclaimers though the pre studio \\"Kill the King\\" is worth the price of admission alone as they say.  Blackmore would not stand pat and this lineup (Dio, Powell, Bain and Carey) made no more albums after `Rising' and thisone. You want answers why? Then you may want to ask the Man in Black (if you dare). Goodbye Ronnie, you truly were the Man on the Silver Mountain!
B0039ZF89G|2.0|The music speaks for itself. EXILE ON MAIN STREET is the Stones best album and a big piece of rock history. The new material based on leftover session tapes is very good too. It's the best new material from the Stones in years. The alternate takes of \\"Loving Cup\\" and \\"Soul Survivor\\" aren't that hot, but all of the new titles are SUPERB. The additional production fits in seemlessly and it's sure nice to hear lots of Nicky Hopkins and a number with Ian Stewart one more time.     The picture book has some good stuff in it but where the text is located, it's hard to read. I don't currently have a turntable setup. My question would be, did they record the original album or is it remastered? The video is interesting but only 30 minutes total for all the material, the new documentary, and the two old tour oriented videos. It's nothing special.     All in all, this should be something highly recommended, but when one has to shell out $139 bucks (AMAZON discounted price) or lots more if sold at list, this is a shameless ripoff. There's no excuse for it to cost any more than maybe $80.00 list. Price out what two CD's, two LP's, a DVD would cost and allow for the hardbound book, around $80 list and a selling price around $55.00 would be about right.    Whether this ridiculous pricing is the Stones' idea or Universal's it's a SHAMEFUL RIP-OFF. Only Stones fans with money to burn should even think about buying this. The Video comes out in late June, the \\"Deluxe\\" version includes the original EXILE and the new material. That should be enough to satisfy any reasonable fan's appetite.    This is from a fan who has enjoyed the Stones since 1964!!
B0025KVLTM|2.0|This is a great CD - the sound is crisp and clean. If you have an older CD, then this is the one to get.    EXCEPT.    Whomever decided to save a few bucks by replacing a jewel case with a cardboard sleeve should be taken out back. The point of the case is to PROTECT THE CD. A cardboard sleeve not only doesn't protect it, but it actually damages it. Wherever there's a seam in the sleeve, the CD will get scratched. Wherever the seam is glued, glue will leak out onto the CD when the package sits in a hot delivery truck.    This is what happened to me. The CD arrived scratched and covered in glue. Fortunately, the damage was on the data track, so I had a chance to listen to the music before I had to return it.    I will avoid buying any CD/DVD/BluRay that comes in a non-jewel case like the plague. Sure, it is eco-hostile (plastic never goes away, it just floats in the great garbage patch forever), but there's no point in buying a plastic disk only to have to return it.
B001EN71DG|1.0|laser guns: beew-beew!  light sabers: vzz vzz, clash! clash!  also, some muppets.                  flluiflluifllui
1592403913|5.0|As a grammar snob, I thoroughly enjoyed this book.  It's written by an English lady and she has the typical dry Brittish sense of humor.  There are a few references to America that are incorrect, such as what we call certain punctuation marks, but the meaning is still clear.  I read the book to see if it would be a good reference to provide for a writing class and it definitely is.  I could hardly put it down, and who would expect that from a book about grammar!
B002SJIO5E|1.0|ever seen blair witch?  or, how about the office?  like that, but more gross
B000002H6C|1.0|I loved this music when I was 14, but now I don't get what all the hype is about.  It is really boring music, they play the same riff all through every song.  It isn't really fast at all just a lot electronics to it that the 80s had, not much content to the songs either, but they are a bit catchy.  Probably from DOS or FORTRAN.      2 thumbs down, I gave these albums away glad I did.  Shows what a joke 80s band were.
B00337KM2S|1.0|geroge firing with skype?  then how can he nail hot milfs?  siblings are losers.
0312360266|4.0|After reading the reviews for this book (good and bad), I was skeptical about buying this book so I checked it out from the Library.  After reading the first nine chapters, I thought it was pretty good. There are reviews on here that say that it's \\"horrible book\\" and that it has immature writing in it, well the character is a 16 year old girl. That's how a 16 year old thinks (most of the time). You have to put your point of view from a 16 year old. You can not approach it with an adult point of view or your own point of view. Sure it's got \\"sexual\\" things written in it but you gotta think, what do kids do nowadays? It's like an everyday life for a teenager except involving Vampires.<br /><br />I bought the second one and I will continue to read them.
1423113381|3.0|I read this book because I am a huge fan of the Percy Jackson series, which I love for its humor and unusual depiction of Greek mythology.  Red Pyramid was very much the same in intent, but less well executed.  Riordan has played on a different aspect of god-human interactions (namely that the pharoahs were supposedly related to the gods) to create this world.  That said, the interaction doesn't allow for as much fun.  The gods, when portrayed, feel very two-dimensional and the lack of a solid supporting cast leaves the book feeling a bit rushed and uncentered.  Also, the humor that I expect from Riordan - well, it just wasn't as funny this time.  The book is still good, but it was definitely both too close to and too far from the Percy Jackson series.
B001FB563E|1.0|Haven't read the book. But the film is so boring. Managed to endure it through the end. I think the whole thing plays on the human rejection, fear and fascination with a post apocalyptic world. Honestly who really cares? Sure some people will resort to anything to survive, e.g. cannabilism. But big deal it's just a reversal to our primal instincts. Man is civilized only when civilization exists. I find this whole exercise of asking what if, pretty pointless. Waste of 2 hours.     The only good scene was with Viggo putting his hand up Charlize's skirt while they were watching a concert. Typical Hollywood, had to stick some sort of sex scene even when the world was coming to an end.
1433502380|4.0|My fiance has been wanting a study bible for over a year, but she really loves the ESV translation.  We kept looking to try to find out what options there were for a study Bible in the ESV translation, but it seems that this is really the only option. I was a bit hesitant at first because it's the only ESV option, but my fiance is VERY VERY PLEASED with it! There is so much packed into this Bible!    If you are wanting a Study Bible in the ESV translation, you won't be disappointed!    I LOVE doing personal reading out of the ESV translation, however I myself prefer to use my NASB translation for studying and preparing lessons. (The NASB is a bit more literal when it comes to translation from the original texts from what I understand.)
0545123267|1.0|I waited to read Shiver, not only so I could fairly review it with our comparisons to Twilight.  Unfortunately this story falls even worse than Twilight.  Sam, the werewolf, only significant feature is his \\"golden eyes\\"; otherwise he is quite bland, and boring.  In this world Werewolves change because of temperature so when it gets cold they cannot maintain a human form, werewolves also can become stuck in wolf form, although why this happens is never explained, the myths and world building of the werewolves remains vague in the story, focusing too much on the romance which unfortunately becomes an unhealthy codependency with Sam and Grace, the relationship is too cloying, and suffocating, with lots of desperation on both partner.  I think that is not very romantic at all.  Grace, the ordinary, but really attractive heroine has been waiting for Sam her whole life and that seems to be the only purpose to her character, she was written in for the sake of giving Sam a love interest/soul mate.<br /><br />Another Gripe I have against the novel is the flowery language, it borders on being too descriptive, I was tired of how much attention and detail is given to Sam's golden eyes.<br />This prose style also got annoying because telling it simply would have given better emphasis to the words or feeling that Stiefvater wanted to convey, instead the tone of the story is forced as if she was trying to hard to impress the readers with her vocabulary.<br /><br />Because of the mature content further on, this is not a preteen book more of a late teens age range, unfortunately the tone of voice of the book is too immature for that age range.<br />I will not read the next book, since this story was just not for me.
B001QXE0OC|5.0|I wanted to hate this but I couldn't! I've never been a fan of Selena Gomez; I'm not a big supporter of disney stars. But when I heard this album, WOW! It's amazing! The beats are fun and easy to sing and dance too, and they aren't annoying in any way. none of the songs sound the same, but I was dissipointed with the remake of Tell me Something I Don't Know. it was a little slower then the original and I really love bouncy, loud songs. but all in all this was a GREAT album. By the way, The Way I Loved You almost made me cry!    Standout tracks:   As a Blonde, the way I loved you, falling down
B0027BOL4G|5.0|This documentary showed a lot of what is wrong with the industry, a lot which I already knew, but some stuff I didn't. Granted I have taken more time than most people to find that stuff out. A lot of my friends who watched it were dismayed by what was going on. Everyone should watch this, the food industry has long gotten away with what they've been doing and it's time people found out about it. Granted most people don't have the willpower to tell them no and will continue on with their lives never giving this another thought, but maybe some people can do it.
B0019N8P2W|5.0|The music is not important when talking about this show. This show is about more than simple background music that honestly u cant hear much of because of the characters talking or its at the credits. I have a offbrand copy of the entire show and it has the original music, trust me, you're much better off just listening to many of the one hit wonders of the 90's and the biggest hits, or for the really desperate ones, you can simply google \\"Daria Show Music\\" and then download. Daria being released on DVD during a time where quality is depleting from American animation is wonderful.     Daria is definely in my top 5, if not # 1 for being more than a tv show, it has become in my life a stable friend for when the world gets too much, I can easily sit back and relax. Nowadays everything is so cheaply made and manufacured that as far as entertainment, I as a teen, no longer enjoy or feel a emotional connection to. I first saw Daria as a young child, and I instantly loved it, albeit I couldnt comprehend all the subtle nuances and sarcasm. Now as a young woman, I understand it and feel enlightened that there once was time where tv shows were cryptically honest about consumerism. vanity,and how this affects a variety of different teens and the main character and its about staying true to yourself, without being \\"suzy homemaker\\" Daria has flaws and they definately show. I highly recommend this show and Iam greatful for Daria and the lesssons I've learned. Thank You.
160094048X|5.0|This book is great for those that like to bake and eat cookies.  There is a nice selection from chocolate chip cookies and biscotti to brownies and blondies.  I have not had a bad dessert from this book.
B001IAOEXU|5.0|I don't write too many reviews, and there are more than enough reviews of these already, but just trust me and buy them and you'll wonder why the controller wasn't made this way in the first place.<br />They contour to your hands/fingers like a glove. When I tried a regular controller, my hands/fingers felt like they're going to slip right off - that's how natural these triggers make you feel.<br />I have 4 controllers (black/blue/red/white) and they all have these on.<br />Some say they feel cheap and flimsy - well, they belong on the controller, so why would that matter? Because once they're on they feel very sturdy and tight. And if you squeeze so hard and so many times when you use them, then you shouldn't be using a controller in the first place and should use a joystick or something else instead.<br />Anyways, just get them, you'll be glad you did.
B002VPE1B6|3.0|The  TrueHD audio is a piece of joke in this movie. The Bass is too low in the HD format. Even the compressed Dolby 5.1 sounds much better delivering greater bass than the TrueHD. This is the first time I have seen such poor HD audio encode. Probably because of the 24bit encoding.  highdefdigest gave similar review as what I observed. Very disappointed!    Quote from highdefdigest : \\"On the other hand, the bass never really extends to the deepest registers, even when you expect (or need) it to. As a result, certain sequences, like the destruction of the Life Tree and the big action climax, are curiously uninvolving from an auditory standpoint.\\"
B00006I53S|5.0|I have been using this lens for about a month and a half now.  So far, I have had excellent results!!  A good friend helped me with using this lens to it's best ability.  So far so good ;)
0375413405|5.0|This book went far beyond my expectations!  The detail and attention these women gave to every aspect of creating a meal is incredible.  This is not just a recipe book, but an education on everything in your kitchen, from measurements and ingredients to the best equipment for the job.  An absolute joy just to read before you even begin to create.
B00004RFCM|5.0|TV Guide stated a few years ago that \\"Sex and the City\\" is one of the \\"100 Greatest Shows On Television\\". In this splendid set we get aquainted with the four women who make up \\"Sex and the City\\": Carrie Bradshaw who writes a column called \\"Sex and The City\\" for a New York newspaper; Miranda, a smart lawyer; Charlotte, a rich brunette; and my favorite \\"Sex and the City\\" character Samantha, a savy advertising genius who loves men and can't get enough of them. The story mainly revolves around these four women, their friendship with each other, and their attempts at forming relationships with their male counterparts, often ending poorly, but realizing no matter what happens they will always be there for each other. The beautiful city of New York provides the backdrop for the series with the Big Apple actually becoming a character as much as the series' leads.<br /> \\"Sex and the City\\" went on to enjoy immense success as one of TV's outstanding cable shows with women and gay men admiring and cherishing the show. Part drama and part comedy, few shows have had that kind of support from its audience even at times when the stories lagged as what would happen in coming seasons. What made the show, however tick, was the chemistry between the actresses. This success lead to the show airing for six seasons and as of 2010 two featured films have been made.<br /> This box set includes all season one episodes, uncut, and restored from their master prints. 12 episodes were produced. The bonuses are sparse, but buy the set for the wonderful episodes. Like me you will watch these gems over and over!
B001RTSPVY|4.0|I AM TOTALLY HOOKED ON THIS SERIES AND THE STORY IS PROGRESSING EXCELLENTLY. CANNOT WAIT FOR SEASON 3
159562015X|5.0|I have taken quite a few similar assessments when I worked in a corporate world. I worked for an investment bank, and the obligatory week of training every year brought in an army of consultants who sliced and diced your personality like a mad chef on a 30-minute cooking show. I actually got this book for a book club reading at my last job, so it found me.<br /><br />I could honestly say that as I looked through the book prior to taking the assessment, I thought I had all of these strengths to some degree, and so I was curious to see what came up for me. Fundamentally, I agree with the approach that we should emphasize and play to our strengths - I think about it as not going against my nature.<br /><br />My top strengths came back as strategic, self-assurance, positivity, learner and activator, and I agree with all of these. The assessment is very accurate. Here's where it got even better: when I scanned through the ideas for action, I was initially too lazy to highlight the actions to take, and so I put it aside. Then, a few days ago, I was pondering a course of action to take in a difficult situation with competing priorities. I was drinking a cup of coffee in sort of a state of stupor over what I needed to do. Right in front of me, in a pile of papers on my desk, there was a page with Ideas for Action for my Strategic strength. The first item read, \\"Take the time to fully reflect or muse about a goal that you want to achieve until the related patterns and issues emerge for you. Remember that this musing time is essential to strategic thinking.\\" It was right on the money. I kind of always knew it, but I'm a doer, and I feel guilty about giving my plans some time to hatch. I took notice of this, and thus my conclusion that this assessment is more useful than I originally thought, as long as I stay with it and slowly go through my Ideas for Action over a few months.<br /><br />Nothing struck me as inaccurate as far as the Ideas for Action are concerned, but I found it funny that my Strategic profile urged me to \\"partner with someone with strong Activator talents\\" and my Activator did the same for Strategic. (The Strategic strength is anticipation, and the Activator strength is a need for action). Since I have both, can I partner with myself? Or do I need two other people? Of course, this is harmless.<br /><br />If you like these sorts of tests, there a few good ones available for free as well. A friend and I have been compiling a list, which we will post on my site at [...]. Each of them puts a mirror to our face at a slightly different angle.it funny that my Strategic profile urged me to \\"partner with someone with strong Activator talents\\" and my Activator did the same for Strategic. (The Strategic strength is anticipation, and the Activator strength is a need for action). Since I have both, can I partner with myself? Or do I need two other people? Of course, this is harmless.<br /><br />If you like these sorts of tests, there a few good ones available for free as well. A friend and I have been compiling a list, which we will post on my site at [...]. Each of them puts a mirror to our face at a slightly different angle.
1401923119|5.0|This readable book is an essential link for scientists between current orthodox scientific thinking and opening up some of the possibilities of quantum physics.
0061537969|1.0|Cheap, gratuitous, unimaginative, disjointed, horrible, insulting and offensive to intellect of the reader. OMG!!!!!!!!!I just can't believe that a book like this can get published. A dog that is supposed to be an anthropologist/psychologist/marriage family therapist/movie critic/healer/slayer of evil doings, but when it comes to his own bad behaviors, he pulls out the \\"temporary insanity\\" card, and blames the hallucinatory dancing zebra?  And how about a grown man who is too tired from driving in bad weather to fend off a 15 year old child (he is after all a race car driver!!!!) who has \\"massive breasts\\"? (the size of breasts was mentioned more than once, as well as, the description of her nipples).  Please, please give me a break!  Writing is poor, \\"She was angry and afraid.\\" (page.78)  Where is creativity?  I might as well go back to reading \\"See Spot Run.\\"
B001HN694K|3.0|As usual a very wonderful visual feast from Burton, but where this fell down so very badly was the story. It was a pedestrian coming of age/becoming a hero story which has been done a thousand times before, missing the crazy nonsense of the Carroll original. The actors were all good, especially Mia, but without the lunacy they seemed to have little to do. The closest film I can think of in recent times which was like Alice, but not an straight adaptation (like this film was attempting to be) was Labyrinth, with its illogical puzzles/wordplay and endearing characters.     Not one I feel the urge to buy straight away. Get one of the straight Alice adaptations which have graced the TV instead.
030745455X|5.0|I enjoyed this book even more than the first book in the trilogy. I wanted to know more about the character of Salander and this book surely gave me that. Can't wait to read the final book.
B0026WNGBA|5.0|To give you some background I'm 32 years old and last year started running for the first time since I was in high school. Progressed quickly from just doing one mile and then doing three miles. The more I ran the faster I wanted my times to be. I quickly ran into IT Band pain in one of my knees and after a couple weeks went to a sports doctor who diagnosed me with poor stretchability, specifically in the hammies. He recommended physical therapy to learn better stretching routines/techniques.    Well the stretching did help as well as running at a slower pace however I noticed towards the end of fall that I still ran into IT Band pain when pushing myself past six miles.    Started back up running in March and in early April joined a running club. This time I started stretching properly and with everything I learned from the physical therapy right from the get go. Was running at very conservative pace not even coming close to what I did the previous year. However once I got up to eight mile runs I again started having IT Band pain. It got to the point where half of my run I was in pain but just went through it. Then the next couple days I could barely walk around the house.    Somehow I got it in my head that maybe there is a more efficient way to run and that is when I came across this book. Week after week I noticed that I would have less and less pain and was pushing myself over ten miles on my long runs. I still wasn't doing the ChiRunning perfectly though and even had a little Achilles tendon flare up. I went back to the book and reread as much as possible and watched some of the videos and then finally had a break through where it all just came into place. Running felt more smooth, more productive, and more natural. The chapter on what do do with specific pain really helped as well telling me what I'm doing wrong to have IT Band pain or the Achilles tendon pain.    I highly recommend this book to anyone having pain while running because it isn't a normal part ofrunning. Running should be pain free and enjoyable. This past Saturday I ran fourteen miles (personal best) with ZERO IT Band Pain or Achilles pain. The recovery for this run was the least I've needed. Typically for a couple days after running the knee would be so tight it would hurt to bend. Not anymore. I can actually walk around after my runs without hobbling for a couple days. The best part is throughout the entire process of learning ChiRunning I never had to stray from my training program by taking a day off or doing less mileage, which I was really worried would happen right before I found this book. It had immediate effects.
B0035G9ABQ|1.0|Ok, at first I was thinking 'what a great idea, a plastic beach! Whoo Hoo!' I mean think of it, if our beaches were plastic then when we had oil spills like the one in the Gulf (and our government who's \\"been on it since day one\\" sits on it's hands and is lead by a man who thinks the fate of Lebrown James is more important than actually doing something) we could simply wipe stuff up and it would be over as quick as it started.<br /><br />Imagine my disappointment when I listened and realized this isn't what this album is about at all...in fact I still can't figure out what this album is about. Think about it a little \\"a Plastic Beach, made up of the detritus, debris and washed up remnants of humanity...\\" They could be talking about Cleveland, and no one thinks Cleveland is a good idea; not even the people (and I use the term loosely) who live there.<br /><br />The really disappointing thing--discounting the no actual plastic beach part--is the music (again I use the term loosely) really sucks. It sounds a lot like a bad karaoke night at a dive bar. Maybe if you get really sloopy drunk you could ignore the bad singing that sounds like Ben Stein droning \\"Bueller...Bueller...Bueller\\" over and over again. But no matter how drunk you get you'll never be able to unhear Rhinestone Eyes which is so bad it will haunt your dreams for the rest of your life.<br /><br />Do yourself a favor and save your money. If you really feel the need to hear something this torturous find a dive bar and go on karaoke night. At least that way others will be sharing your misery.
142313494X|5.0|I would totally recommend this book to my friends and anyone who is interested in reading about greek mythology . It's truly amazing how Percy Jackson is the son of Poseidon, but he never knew it until bad thongs starts to happen. He has angered a few gods and Zeus's famous lighting bolt has been stolen. Percy has became the main suspect for stealing the lighting bolt.In order to prove Percy's innocence is to find the lighting bolt and return it back to Zeus of Mt. Olympus. The Gods have given him 10 days to return it or the gods will declare war on Mount Olympus.    Percy and his two friends will accompany him as he takes a journey through different dangers and obstacles. In order to succeed, Percy will need to do more then to just catch the thief, he also must come to terms with his father who has abandoned him when he was born. He will also need to solve riddles of the Oracle that will warned him of a betrayal by a friend.
B0030IIYWA|5.0|This is probably one of the few movies that I remember loving when I was a kid. When I heard that it was out in Blu-ray I knew that I had to have it. Once I put that disc on the blu ray my mouth dropped when I seen the quality of it, this is definitely a must have if you are a Toy Story fan. I have both 1 & 2 on blu-ray and I can't wait to see the 3rd one, I really hope that it's as good as both 1 & 2. Don't be fooled by those stupid 1 star reviews, most of them are from people who had bad experiences with an amazon seller and very few who actually did not like the film.
B00361HV02|5.0|I LOVE this CD.  I can't believe I discovered BRMC.  Just happened to listen to a few second on Amazon and decided to buy. Every song is GREAT!  This cd will certainly become your favorite.  You can get rid of all the boring rock albums you have right now. BRMC is the only cd you'll need for the rest of the year.  The only problem is that they are spending their summer touring Europe.  This is the only group I want to see this summer.  Move over Jack White and all your bands.  These guys are BETTER!
B0036EH3X4|5.0|I can't believe its over :( Im not going to go into specifics of my interpretation of the show or why I liked or disliked the ending..I could ramble on all day about that, but for those who complain about all the answers not being revealed, I think we forget why we loved this show in the first place. So many of us stuck with this show for 6 years from day one, and will always hold a special place in our hearts ... It would have been impossible to end something like that with everyone satisfied. It may be \\"over\\" but I know at least for me, I'll be thinking about this show for a lifetime.
B000B6CODO|5.0|It's so funny adventure, good for all the family. It was my first time to watch it in full when got the DVD because I never catched it from the beginning when showed in TV. & if you like Extras, this new DVD release is the best.
006145205X|4.0|After reading all of Ridley's books, I can say that Matt Ridley is unquestionably a great writer. He knows how to come up with a unique  point of view, write engaging prose, pose a challenging and often contrarian premise, build up reasonable evidence and then defend it deliciously. For this reason alone, I would give the book 4-stars. Having said that, this book isn't Ridley's best. For me, Ridley's The Red Queen and Origins of Virtue are more educational, enjoyable and perhaps more original. Nevertheless, this book is immensely readable. Be prepared to read a lot of history though.              The world always had alarmists, pessimists, realists and optimists each working for whatever they believed in. The burden falls on Joe Public to interpret the data and apply some critical thinking. Easier said than done. A pessimist having a confirmatory bias is always going to take optimist's view with a grain of salt and vice-versa. Hence, if you find yourself agreeing with Ridley you are likely to be rational and optimist before the fact. This book is not likely to cause a change of heart for someone not in the optimist camp already.             Presently there is no dearth of issues littering the whole world in general - economic collapse, nuclear threat, global warming, oil   running out...take your pick. There was probably no significant time span in history when things didn't look bleak. One premise of the book among many - Civilizations over millenia usually have been screwing things up locally but globally someone pulls the rest back on track. If human nature hasn't changed, whats new then? What may be different right now according to Ridley, is technology enabling the masses to connect and improve each others lives, build collective intelligence and be more effective at bottoms-up growth. The cross-fertilization of ideas would be accelerating change at higher powers of N. Maybe an extension of Metcalfe's law I guess which states that the value of a network is proportional to square of the number of connected users of the system. The long tail (conventional bottom-of-the-pyramid) is becoming as significant as the dominant curve(few-at-the-top) so to speak. We can see this evolving before our eyes. Therefore, predicting the future is going to be bright for the world as a whole and in general is a safe bet. Although, the book rationally acknowledges that the historical progress graph cannot be extrapolated into the future, it remains to be seen how exciting the world is going to turn out.
1555175163|5.0|I have decided to buy this book of our Grand Master-Teacher (Tai Shi in Cantonese) the Hon'ble Ip Man who was instrumental in bringing his style of effective empty-hand combat via Bruce Lee to the Western World. I am not looking for a book on how-to-do instructions as I am more interested in the story behind the story of the realm of Wing Chun Martial Arts which later form the basis of Bruce Lee's Jeet Kune Doh (The fighting art of Interception Fists & Legs). Recently, there appeared on Chinese movies the exploits of Ip Man Vol.1 and Ip Man Vol.2 produced in Hong Kong and based on the life and times of Tai Shi Ip Man.  There will, I hope, another movie Vol. 3 on Ip Man's life and this time, I hope too, will concentrate on how he trained Bruce Lee and his students - first in Futshan (Canton) and then in Hong Kong, prior to Bruce Lee's emigration to the States. Of late, as well, there appeared a 50-episode TV series  based on the life and times of Bruce Lee - i.e. from his troublesome days in school at Hong Kong, his entanglement with the dark Triads and his ultimate journey to America and became a grandmaster and superstar ultimately. Unfortunately, this very interesting story made by China Central Television Network (CCTV in 2008) was exclusively made for Mandarin-speaking viewers but subsequently duped in the Cantonese version for the Cantonese-speaking Chinese all over the world. Let's hope that CCTV would at least made an English subtitle version for the benefits of Bruce Lee's fans all over the world who neither speak or understand Chinese. May the superior fighting concepts of Ip Man and Bruce Lee continue to speak and spread all over the world in the spirit of global brotherhood. Cheers...!  PS: In the Legend of Bruce Lee (50-episodes), he said, without exaggeration nor nationalistic, that the true source of Japanese Karate, Jujitsu, Kempo, and  Korean Taewon Do were adapted originally  from China's KUNGFU...and he was so damned right, pals...you may believe this or not, pals!
B00005RZV4|2.0|Although it's a strong set list the songs just don't seem \\"live\\" enough. I don't hear enough difference in the sounds and the tones of the music compared to the studio versions and the audience is only audible during the softer parts for most of the record. Towards the end of the disc the cheering is more prevalent but by that time it comes across like they're trying to prove it's really a live record.    Not surprising that a NIN concert would be highly technical but this disc seems almost sterile. Besides Trent's singing there's really a lack of the human element here. After all a concert is usually being played for people by people. There are a few, probably less than 5, songs where there seemed to be enough change in the vocals and/or music that give a glimpse of difference.    But there wasn't enough difference on this record to interest me. Overall it reminded me of another set of remixes and versions from Reznor that was recorded over an audience track. The record doesn't properly represent what a force a NIN concert can be, you're better off watching the video.
0553573403|5.0|I'll admit I've never read Tolkien's stuff. And I've never read Robert Jordan either. But I've had almost no interest in fantasy until this point.<br /><br />To dismiss this story as flat and basic is simply wrong. There is plenty of stuff to sink your teeth into in this book. Although its not war war war like you'd think... This book starts its focus at peace which then evolves to war through politics. While that may bore some ... its incredibly relevant to human nature.<br /><br />I was actually amazed to see the plethora of one star reviews... while the masses still have it correct IMO... I suspect those were looking for something they wanted instead of letting the book take you wherever.<br /><br />I will admit that the subplots seem to be untamed as you move along in the series... and I believe that GRRM is taking time to course correct alot of those. However this is his world and I'm going to enjoy it and expect that it will work itself out.<br /><br />The degree of difficulty on writing this novel on a scale of 1 to 10...is an 11. No B.S! While GRRM's talents may not shine in archetypal ways they more than make up for it in plotting and style. Give this a read or three... its that good.
B003183UCI|4.0|I bought this toy because I wanted to get one of the tenth doctor's screwdrivers before they became hard to find and also because I think it's very cool.  The packaging is nice and is collector-worthy, however, the toy itself has a couple of problems.  One being the claim that it makes two noises from the t.v. show and I could only hear a slight buzzing from one noise to the other, not much difference in the two noises.  The other being that the pen tip comes off very easily, making it a little difficult to actually get the cap off and start writing with.  Other than those two things, it is a great toy.
B0011V7P0A|5.0|Great album and the CD showed up with the case not even broken/cracked (which they usually are). Great transaction. Fast.
B001DCQI8W|5.0|This is surely one of the very best Bruckner cycles. I like the best of the ones I have heard. At the prices not to be missed.  The sound is good late 70s sound plus a few digital recordings.
B001P9KR8U|3.0|It seemed that about mid-year, 2008, the entire world (at least the cinematic world) caught a serious case of Slumdog Fever and soon the critics bodies and big prestigious awards bodies followed suit, handing over a near complete sweep of awards to a small yet bountiful film entitled `Slumdog Millionaire', a project that was probably on no ones radar and yet proved to be on everyone's minds.  Looking back on the film (and recently revisiting it) I have to say that I'm still somewhat baffled by the rapturous applause this film received.<br /><br />I said somewhat.<br /><br />Personally, I have never seen a film that was so over-thought and yet simultaneous so under-thought as `Slumdog Millionaire'.  For a film that prides itself in telling elaborate stories to add layers to a humble `slumdogs' apparent knowledge (a young boy actually wades through fecal mater for an autograph), this film all but seems to stop thinking completely in parts where it truly matters (like wrapping up a sloppy ending with a rather unlikely love story).  The film had a nice concept, but the script is poorly realized and comes off unnecessary and actually quite choppy in the end.<br /><br />Not for a lack of trying though.<br /><br />There are many elements in play here, but the film doesn't know how to tie them all together cohesively.  It is almost like the `gameshow' aspect of the film was an afterthought, something used to connect the dots when instead it actually serves as a distraction.  Yes, I know that this is adapted from a novel; I'm just stating how the tone of the film came across to me, especially in the end, as the film is tying up lose ends.<br /><br />I kind of have to applaud Danny Boyle here, and so I'll stop my critique to offer a slice of appreciation for the director behind this uneven offering.  Boyle is a director that I really admire and respect.  I have seen a number of his films, and what I love so much about him is that he is a director who will try anything and will adapt to any subject.  He is hard to pigeonhole because his vision is not tied down to one specific theme.  He has a masterful way of creating imagery that is honest and raw without losing a slice of humor that sets the tone of his films apart.  As a directorial effort, I can see a lot of thought in `Slumdog Millionaire'.  I don't think that his efforts were entirely successful (obviously) but I can see flourishes of greatness here.  I'm so elated that he has an Oscar, but I'm saddened at the same time because it came for (arguably) his weakest work.<br /><br />Where was Oscar in '03, when he delivered the brilliant '28 Days Later'?  Where were they in '05 when he stunned with his touching yet original `Millions'?  What about his shocking sophomore film in '96, `Trainspotting'?<br /><br />Alas...<br /><br />`Slumdog Millionaire' follows young Jamal as he nears the home stretch of India's version of `Who Wants to Be a Millionaire'.  The film begins with an interrogation where he is being accused of cheating.  The film then jumps back and forth between his moments on the show, his interrogation and his childhood as he explains to the cops how he knows all the answers.  At times the films explanation of things can be pretty smart, other times they are fairly lazy.  That is what I mean by uneven; over-thought and under-thought.  The ending itself is shamefully under-thought.  The entire `Jamal/Latika' love story is seriously under-thought.  The character development feels like an afterthought.  The development of Salim alone is disgusting.  I have never really encountered a more vile character in recent cinema, and yet for some reason I'm not supposed to feel this way.  The film offers no real development to persuade me in the desired direction.  In fact, I can't decide if my smile at the films end had to do with what happened on the gameshow or in the bathtub.<br /><br />The acting was decent, but nothing (and I mean NOTHING) to write home about.  Dev Patel was blandbeyond words, and Freida Pinto was barely used (but effective).  The real standout here was Anil Kapoor, who evoked more emotional commitment than any actor in the film.  The young actors were well used, especially Ayush Mahesh Khedekar, who played young Jamal.<br /><br />I won't lie; I enjoyed this film, I was just disappointed.  For a film with such promise, `Slumdog Millionaire' easily finds itself suffering from generic clich&eacute;s that haunt many films.  I expected more from Boyle.  I expected a film with this much praise to rise above those stereotypes and formulate something fresh and original.  The characters feel like skeletal variations (as in `lacking detail') of many other characters from many other movies.  In then end, I was smiling but when the confetti cleared I was left pondering just how much better this movie really could have been.<br /><br />And is it just me or was the ending credits nosedive into music video edited `You Got Served' territory totally fun yet tremendously cheap feeling?The real standout here was Anil Kapoor, who evoked more emotional commitment than any actor in the film.  The young actors were well used, especially Ayush Mahesh Khedekar, who played young Jamal.    I won't lie; I enjoyed this film, I was just disappointed.  For a film with such promise, `Slumdog Millionaire' easily finds itself suffering from generic clichés that haunt many films.  I expected more from Boyle.  I expected a film with this much praise to rise above those stereotypes and formulate something fresh and original.  The characters feel like skeletal variations (as in `lacking detail') of many other characters from many other movies.  In then end, I was smiling but when the confetti cleared I was left pondering just how much better this movie really could have been.    And is it just me or was the ending credits nosedive into music video edited `You Got Served' territory totally fun yet tremendously cheap feeling?
B001OQCV6A|5.0|I don't like Guy Ritchie but I like Sherlock stories & movies.  I did not really want to see this movie but bought it because I enjoyed it so much.  Give it a chance!
B002MXA7TC|4.0|you guys i love never in the 9 years ive been using you have a had any thing but great service
B000NA28HU|2.0|Well, the movie isn't like the book at all. It has some cool graphics, the dragon is nice, which is why I bought it. I had read other reviews before I purchased the movie so I knew what to expect. The 1-2 star ratings are right on the money. I've been reading the books to my 7 year old and he LOVES them. My son enjoyed the movie alright, but even he said it wasn't really like the book. It's as if the producer read a one paragraph summery of the book and then created what he felt like. The acting was corny due to a VERY poor script, many of the creatures in the movie aren't what they are supposed to be (the urgles, elves, dwarves, ra'zac, etc.), and the so called plot is virtually non- existent. They removed all purpose and twisted things to suit their high paced film; meanwhile destroying the entire adventure of the book. The plot of the book was removed so much in the movie that Eldest and Brisingr wouldn't be able to follow. My son kept saying \\"Why did they do that? It doesn't make any sense\\" the entire time he was watching it. So if your looking for a movie companion to the book, you WILL be sorely disappointed. I can only hope that after the 4th book comes out they will redo the entire series properly, one QUALITY 3 hour movie per book. It would be worth it.
0143034901|5.0|It is a very interesting book. You can not stop reading it once you started.<br />Very good!
0375701427|2.0|Unbelievable that this would win a prize, let alone the Pulitzer. Quality in modern writing is just not there, I couldn't imagine such poor quality being published years ago.    The idea and theme were excellent and should have produced a wonderful novel. I found though this was poorly written, it was like the author didn't want to work at it and thought he could get away with it - at times it was rambling. Characters were poorly drawn, most notably Merry.
B0026WHWEW|5.0|Wanted to buy this album for download, unfortunately without any succes because it's only available for US citizens - how could I download anyway ? I cannot order the CD or DVD...
0060736267|4.0|This story stays with you, it is inspiring and grounding, so beautifully written, a must read.
B0015AARJI|5.0|You could always use more, if you have friends that join you in gaming. These were a great vaule, and I will be needing some more pretty soon.
1400052173|5.0|I loved this book about Henrietta Lacks and her family, as Rebecca Skloot tells a tale of the HeLa cells. Rebecca Skloot intertwines the science of the story, the facts of the story and the human element of the story so well that I was engrossed fully from page one. Thank you Rebecca Skloot for your devotion to this book and all the time you spent in researching and writing this wonderful dedication to the Lacks family, Henrietta and the world of science.
B00000IZOR|3.0|The cord that connects the receiver to the phone is ridiculously short!  Really?  How can you play telephone when the phone is literally hanging from you ear?    Stupid new design!  Figures, somebody thought it was unsafe.. typical U.S. worrysome bothers.  Not a problem when I grew up.
0307454541|5.0|Great book. I really like the characters; I received it much sooner than indicated after I purchased it.
B0019N8P2W|3.0|After watching this show for awhile, Daria becomes a little boring to watch.  Her voice sounds depressing at times along with the sarcasm, but I guess that's what some people like about her character. Some of the episodes I've watched have been funny, but after listening to her for awhile, I need a break.  Back then, this show was funnier to me than now.  Sometimes that happens when you watch a show a few years ago, and then re-watch them years later.  There's been alot of talk about the music changes, but for me, this is not an issue.  I think one will still enjoy this show.  So far, the dvds have worked and shown great as well.  For all that comes with this set, the price is reasonable.  It's also great that it came with eight separate discs instead of two-sided discs.
B002KVSJ64|5.0|This is on of my favorite cds. In fact all of the Breaking Benjamin albums are amazing! I just started listening to them last year and continue to like them more every time I hear their music!
B001974DG0|3.0|I guess I'm just not a dog person. I bought this book based mainly on the reviews and thought it would be a fair read. It's not something I'd normally pick up, but I felt like reading something different.<br /><br />I found the plot to be too predictable and the characters were a little off for my taste. I enjoyed the lead female character but I found her evolution to be a little too much from what she started out as that it seemed wrong somehow, and the lead male almost struck me as too stupid to be as smart as he was at times. I also found myself skimming through several chapters without feeling like I missed anything at all.<br /><br />I'll give the book credit though, which is why I gave it 3 stars. It might have just been because it's an older book and therefore the plot was no longer original by the time I read it. It also deserves something due to the fact that I read it through to the end. I liked the idea, and many situations had a realistic feeling to them and came across as well-researched whether they actually were or not.<br /><br />Dean's writing style seemed a little forced in the first chapter and there was an unnatural flow that I couldn't quite put my finger on, but it seemed to pick up once he started going. I've never read any of his other novels, and I understand that this was near the beginning of his career, so I'm not about to bash the author over this. It's just that I found myself struggling fairly often to find an inkling of interest throughout several chapters -- this 'does' happen with many books for me, but I found myself thinking about the next book I'll read a little more than I normally do as I flipped through many of the pages.<br /><br />It's basically a 3 out of 3. I will never read it again. But I would still recommend it to people that I feel would enjoy it. It just wasn't for me.<br /><br />In a nutshell:<br />It's a story about a dog. It changes the lives of the main characters and there are the antagonists. It's really just a dog-lover's story with a bit of a love story on the side; not much else accept for the monster-thing and that's about it.tory on the side; not much else accept for the monster-thing and that's about it.
B003HARV98|5.0|Hollywood is one of the catchiest and best songs of 2010. On the strength of that song alone I imported the album from the UK and it is awesome. The only thing that puzzles me has been the singles choices so far. I Am Not A Robot, Mowgli's Road and Oh No are fine songs but for me there are some tracks that I'd have thought would have made much better single choices - Are You Satisfied, The Outsider and, especially, Hermit the Frog. I take four teenage girls carpool to school every day (pity me) and they usually despise my music choices. Marina is the one artist we (nearly) all enjoy. Hermit the Frog could be a massive hit record if they are a representative sample of teen musical tastes today!     There's no one else quite like Marina. Very catchy and upbeat songs indeed and a unique voice. Somehow on Shampain she sounds just like the ABBA girls in the chorus.     Hope to see her in the US in concert before she gets too popular.
B002VPE1AW|5.0|This is one of best movies of 2010.  I can't stop raving about it.
1423113497|4.0|Definitely one of the best children's series I've come across since HP. The characters are relateable, well-written and the story is intelligent. Full of classical allusions as well a complex plot that requires at least minimal brain power to follow. Great for kids and adults alike.    READ MY FULL REVIEW OF THIS BOOK AND OTHERS AT:  [...]
B002ZRPQ5K|2.0|I am very disappointed and wish I would of waited for the reviews instead of pre-purchasing this one. Keane gets worse with every CD they put out. Everyone has pretty much said how bad this CD is already so I won't go into detail. There are a couple of good songs but just wait for someone to unload the CD for less money as used or just download the good songs. Don't waste your money on this one. I have never left a review but this CD was so bad I felt I had to this time.
B003L1ZXCU|2.0|What sets this book apart from others is that it puts some esoteric technological concepts and ideas and uses them to create a really interesting and frightening scenario. He makes these concepts interesting without dumbing them down too much, and it's not just gimmickry. The technology is integral to the story and gives some authenticity to the world that Suarez has created.    Unfortunately, this is a badly written book. I'm sorry, but there is no other way to say it. The characters are full of cliches, mostly uninteresting, and there are so many of them the book becomes convoluted. It's possible to have tons of characters in a book and make it work, but I don't think Suarez was successful in this regard.     Another complaint is that the book seems like it could have been pared down a bit. There is a lot of useless description that really should have been edited out. Some sections were so frustrating that I began to wonder if Suarez was going to start describing the act of walking or breathing.     As for the ending, I hear that the sequel ties up the loose ends. For many I suppose, the ending left them satisfied and wanting more. I wasn't satisfied and I just wanted an ending. Even if it is an installment, I think it should be able to stand on its own.    Final Verdict: I went back and forth while reading it. An interesting idea would get me excited for a while, then some clunky dialog would bring me down. An unexpected plot twist would occur, then the story would be derailed to introduce another character I didn't want to meet. I think this is a shaky first book, but there's enough here to think that he can improve. As far as the sequel is concerned, I'm going to find some spoiler-filled synopsis to find out what happens.
B0030B811Q|1.0|This movie is just plain STUPID ! The movie is still playing while I write this. It SUCKS !
B002VPE1B6|5.0|Based on the discussions regarding the creation of this movie, I felt worth buying it. Boy, was I surprised at how well this actually presented a story. While not a complex story, and the characters are clearly stereotyped (bad guys wear black hats, good guys wear white hats) I found this unjoyable to watch. Not only that, I plan to do so again shortly.   Another factor, that while there is bloodleting here, generally I found this acceptable to allow my grandchildren to see as well.
0385737424|5.0|\\"When You Reach Me\\" is funny, clever, and has an interesting, mysterious subplot--what kid wouldn't love it? Further, Stead's characters, particularly Miranda, are engaging and enjoyable. When Miranda starts receiving the mysterious notes in her home, you want to solve the mystery with her. More than that, it's easy to get wrapped up in her mother's goal of winning The $25,000 Pyramid game show and Miranda's fierce dedication to her mother's goals, as shown in her nightly practice with her mother and the hundreds of note cards she makes. This book was a delightful read set in 1970s NYC, making it an idea choice for young readers. In particular, fans of \\"A Wrinkle in Time\\" will be excited to connect with this character who loves Madeleine L'Engle and with the homage to the author Rebecca Stead includes in her text.
0141321288|5.0|I loved all five books. How he uses Greek Mythology (the true stories) it makes these book stand out. I can understand why people compare it to Harry Potter due to some same things. Like both go to a place to learn there skills, both have magic and so on. Once you read all of them you will see that it takes you in a different place and story then Harry Potter. These books are good for all ages (from early teens to adults.
B001URRHXK|5.0|I am a fan of BJH since I was 10 years old, now I am 43 and I have to say this is the best album of BJH, It's a live music which is based from previous albums, so if you are new to the band, this album will gives you the best songs of the group and the best songs versions as well. If you are a Pink Floyd, Supertamp kind of music fan, I  promise,  you will be surprised how BJH should be NOT underrated and they deserve to be among the best groups. hum...Life is unfair sometimes but I am lucky to able and still enjoy their music.
1400064627|5.0|I have never seen this movie, so I started this book with a neutral opinion. And I must say that I loved this book.   It was a present day story with a lot of flashbacks, which gives the reader so many great stories that lead to present day.   I grew to love each character especially Evelyn Couch and Idgie Threadegood.  This book is about an elder woman in nursing home telling her friend (Evelyn) about her memories of her life with her husbands family in the 1920-30s.   When she is not narrating the stories flashback to the past and tell a story of a close family who are open minded and loving to all races and cultures.   Although it is never stated in the book, 2 of the main characters have got to be lesbians. Although they are never labeled the author gives a pretty good impression that the two are lovers.  This book is about love, life and being happy and proud of the life you live!
B0031RAOVY|5.0|My kids loved the childrens book this movie was based on. While the movie is modernized and set in america, it is a great family movie that is true to the book. I would reccommend this to anyone with children or just looking for a good wholesome movie.
B001S86J2Q|3.0|The movie is always great.  I can't access the special features of this DVD.
B000ZECQ08|4.0|In the excellent fifth movie in the series, the kids face danger and death for the first time. The sixth movie adds the perils of romance. The best parts of this movie are when the kids are coping with love, be it unrequited or over-affectionate. Radcliffe (Harry) and Watson (Hermione), at least, have really grown into their roles; Grint (Ron) does a pretty good job as well, though he's rather handcuffed by the role of buffoonish sidekick. When called upon for a serious performance, though, he comes through.    The usual cast of regulars are terrific, with the addition of Jim Broadbent as Slugworth fitting in perfectly. The story moves along quickly, leaving out some of the nuances of the book. I would have liked to have seen more of Voldemort's childhood, as is revealed in the book, but the important bits are there.    Sadly, the special features on this DVD set aren't all that special. The additional scenes are mostly filler here and there--they look like they were trimmed off the beginning or end of other scenes rather than being full scenes in their own right. And there's not much else on the disc of interest.    I like the movie--probably my third favorite of the Harry Potter movies, after \\"Prisoner of Azkaban\\" and \\"Order of the Phoenix\\"--but if you're looking for a lot more extras, you'll probably be disappointed with this edition.
B0000087QO|5.0|BLONDIE's Parallel Lines is Timeless. I first owned the LP in late 70s and lost my last CD in a car accident some months ago. Of the 20 or so CDs that were lost, I was bummed only about Parallel Lines (well okay, another killer CD, RUSH's \\"Moving Pictures\\" was also lost, but hey, I'll get that replaced too.)  Now I have another copy of Parallel Lines and I'm -- Cruisin' Yeah.
B001HN69AY|5.0|Having been a fan of Terry Gilliam's since his days with the Python team, I was not disappointed in his most recent effort, The Imaginarium of Doctor Parnassus.  The man knows how to bring the best out of his actors, even in the most bizarre situations.  Whether they're hanging from a bridge in the cold London weather, or prancing around an imaginary, larger-than-life video game, his actors are believable.  Despite the trials that seem to follow Gilliam on his endeavors, Parnassus pulled through all the trouble and grief involved in making the film.  It was a bittersweet experience for me as I watched Heath Ledger on the big screen for the last time.  His Tony is extremely likable, despite his shadowed past.  The Gilliam-Ledger team was once again remarkable, as they were in The Brothers Grimm.  They were a natural pairing and pure talent at its best.  All the actors are delightful to watch, especially veteran actor Christopher Plummer in the title role.  Gilliam seamlessly wove Depp, Law, and Farrell into the role of Tony to fill Heath's shoes in the fantasy scenes when Tony goes through the mirror.  Hats off to the three of them.  The DVD itself is a wonderful addition to the Gilliam library, with all its extras and remarkable picture.  Words cannot describe the extra footage of Heath Ledger mugging for the camera in costumes and playing around with the cast on the Imaginarium stage.  That alone is worth the price and more.  Gilliam captured him as only Gilliam can do.  So if you want to escape, even for a short time, treat yourself to The Imaginarium of Doctor Parnassus, and marvel in the world of Terry Gilliam's imagination.
B000MRAAJM|5.0|Before buying this, check amazon.co.uk (http://www.amazon.co.uk/Planet-Earth-Complete-BBC-Blu-ray/dp/B000SKNIWE/) to see if you can get a better deal there.  I did that in April 2010, and since then, the UK version has been cheaper than the US version, even after factoring in the lack of free shipping.  In my case, after subtracting VAT (the built-in tax that you don't have to pay if the destination is outside of the EU), adding international shipping, and converting from British pounds to US dollars, I paid about US$28.  That was nearly half the price offered by amazon.com at the time.  Amazon UK will offer you the chance to either pay in pounds or dollars; I paid in pounds, which after conversion to dollars by my credit card issuer was a bit cheaper than the US dollar price offered me by Amazon UK.    Be assured that the UK version is region-free and 1080p, contrary to statements I've read in some other reviews.    Note that the UK version comes with a fifth disc that contains two episodes of another BBC nature documentary, called \\"Natural World\\"; I viewed a couple of chapters of the episode on lion re-introduction and while it was introduced with a Planet Earth title card and is narrated by Mr. Attenborough, it's as much about the man involved in the re-introduction project as it was about the lions themselves.
B002VPE1B6|5.0|THIS IS 1 OF THE BEST MOVIES I HAVE SEEN IN A LONG TIME AND WITH STUNNING EFFECTS AND A GREAT STORY LINE,IT REMINDS ME OF THE INDIAN CULTURE AND THE WAY THE WHITES TREATED THEM....ONLY THIS TIME THE NATIVES WIN A GREAT VICTORY AS WELL AS A BEAUTIFUL ENDING...NOW I OWN IT IN MY DVD COLLECTION AND WOULD RECOMEND IT TO ALL AGES.........A+
1906694176|5.0|If you have read the two previous books in the Millennium series, be prepared to have those topped in a very satisfying conclusion to the saga. If you haven't read the others, do before reading this one--the story begins only hours after the conclusion of The Girl who Played with Fire and continues without missing a beat. Also be prepared to lose sleep if you get anywhere near the end late at night--it gets harder and harder to put down. Too bad Larsson died after writing this series-he could give J. K. Rowling a run for the money with another novel or two.
B000TSIK14|5.0|I had the chance to see Scorpions in Paris last week and the gig was absolutely amazing ! By the way I discovered the song 321 and immediately bought \\"Humanity Hour 1\\" that appears to be one of the best Scorpions album ever.  The 2010 tour seems to be the last one and every rock fan shall be very sad...
B000P1KTW8|5.0|I had purchased the blueray about a year back. I still enjoy the songs almost on a daily basis. That's really evergreen.
0307270807|5.0|This is the best book on Vietnam ever, even though it only covers the turning point year of 1968: Tet, the siege of Khe Sanh, and the rest of that terrible year when Martin Luther King was assinated. Robet Kennedy was assinated and Richard Nixon was elected President. A must read if you were ever there, and if you were not ever in Nam you will know how it felt to be there after reading Herr's book.
B003EYVXYQ|5.0|I'll throw my two cents in. I loved this movie! Its my fave of his since he made Diary (wich is my fave of all the romero dead flicks).<br /><br />A lot of what I have heard is that people have problems with a few specific elements.<br /><br />1) A Zombie cant ride a horse. Ya well the dead cant walk and eat people either. And when yur talking about the activities of zombies... well... This is GAR. He made the rules, he can add to them if he wants to. PLUS if you take into consideration BUB from Day it is completly plausible to believe that a zombie would retain the ability to ride a horse. BUB remembered how to open a book, the motions of shaving. One might say, but this is something common place to our society. Okay, lets look at the gun. He cocks the gun and takes up a sloppy, but manageable firing stance. I think he may remeber that!<br /><br />2) There are no islands full of people of foreign descent off the coast of the US and if there were they sure as hell would retain their thick accents. Okay, maybe there isnt an island off the coast of the US like this, but ya know what, again, it comes back to the fact that a person can suspend disbelief enough to accept zombies, but an accent... Oh hell no. If anyone has ever been in cities with huge ethnic populations, it is conceivable, nay common, to have accents remain.<br /><br />I think a lot of what it comes down to is a feeling of ownership, especially with horror movies and their fans. So many feel that since they have grown up with these movies and adored the reels that they play from, that they have a feeling that they own a bit of it and therefore if it isn't something that they expect... or want for that matter that they feel betrayed by the filmmaker and the films they generate. Trying to tell Romero what a zombie can and cannot do, Well that is like trying tell the sun not shine.<br /><br />What I liked about this movie is the human element. The stubborn refusal to let go old grudges to take the proper steps and do what must be done. The seething hatred of a name and a family by the other is something that we see all the time in todays news. Oh it may not be a family, but certainly religions.... nationalities..... political parties. Thats what I think Romero was aiming at when he made this movie. Tackling the old grudges of political camps that are so entrenched in making sure that the other side doesn't get anything accomplished that they fail to see that they are indeed stalling and killing our economy. At the end of the day these aren't movies about zombies. These are movies about people and society that happen to feature zombies.<br /><br />Lets not loose focus on what these movies are trying to get across and why Romero makes his movies. He has a message to tell. Maybe thats what the problem is. Maybe, when we saw these films in our youths we couldn't grasp what Romero was doing, oh so slyly and as grown ups we gloss over the story and focus on the zombies. That is what we are obsessed with isn't it. The gore, effects. makeup, all that wonderfully goopy stuff we cheer for.<br /><br />Sadly I think that the horror viewing audience anymore, including myself on many occasions, are just to tired to think and to quick to hate. If we look at Romeros history, Day was hated by the general zombie fan public when it was first released for its decided lack of zombie action, but look at it today, and it is hailed as one of his best works, not only in zombies, but his entire filmography. Maybe time will be just as kind on Land, Diary and Survival. And to close out this little dissertation, lets face it people, we begged and begged for more Romero zombie tales and now we cry foul because we didnt get exactly what we want. Theres a lesson in that somewhere.hing hatred of a name and a family by the other is something that we see all the time in todays news. Oh it may not be a family, but certainly religions.... nationalities..... political parties. Thats what I think Romero was aiming at when he made this movie. Tackling the old grudges of political camps that are so entrenched in making sure that the other side doesn't get anything accomplished that they fail to see that they are indeed stalling and killing our economy. At the end of the day these aren't movies about zombies. These are movies about people and society that happen to feature zombies.     Lets not loose focus on what these movies are trying to get across and why Romero makes his movies. He has a message to tell. Maybe thats what the problem is. Maybe, when we saw these films in our youths we couldn't grasp what Romero was doing, oh so slyly and as grown ups we gloss over the story and focus on the zombies. That is what we are obsessed with isn't it. The gore, effects. makeup, all that wonderfully goopy stuff we cheer for.     Sadly I think that the horror viewing audience anymore, including myself on many occasions, are just to tired to think and to quick to hate. If we look at Romeros history, Day was hated by the general zombie fan public when it was first released for its decided lack of zombie action, but look at it today, and it is hailed as one of his best works, not only in zombies, but his entire filmography. Maybe time will be just as kind on Land, Diary and Survival. And to close out this little dissertation, lets face it people, we begged and begged for more Romero zombie tales and now we cry foul because we didnt get exactly what we want. Theres a lesson in that somewhere.
B001AQR39O|4.0|raunchy, but great dramatic series for older adults.  Memorable relationships.  Definitely NOT for teens and younger.
B002OEBMN4|5.0|This sound very much like their older stuff such as Reign in Blood and Seasons in the Abyss. This is among my favorite recent Thrash Metal albums. If you have not already, BUY IT. You won't regret it, believe me.
B0039TD7PY|5.0|If you can't afford to see a live concert, or if there just isn't one near you, then this is probably the best substitute.  It will definitely take you back to the 70s, when King was established and Taylor was just getting hot.      I just wish the DVD and CD lasted for three hours or so. . .     I haven't seen King in concert, but I've seen James Taylor several times.  It amazes us how he can sing a song that he has sung thousands of times as if he just wrote it.    Any JT/CK fan MUST have this in their library.
B002L5GQGY|5.0|If you are a Joe fan, you are going to love this DVD. Besides his outstanding performance, the image quality and production quality of this DVD are excellent. I saw Joe in Fort Worth from the third row, and this was like being there. I thoroughly enjoyed this DVD.
B002G1YPH0|5.0|I have installed two of these on AMD phenom 95W CPUs and these have really kept the temps down. I will agree with others that these are big, but they fit fine in all the cases I have used (Antec miniATX). The thermal paste they provide is barely anything, I like to make sure I get a good coat across the whole CPU so I just buy arctic silver and use that instead, at least 2x more volume in the syringe. I will continue to use these as I have been very happy with the ease of install and the price.
0670020745|5.0|This book helped me to better understand some lessons that we covered in my Intro to Psychology class. Also book is a good guide what to do if you are experienced stroke.
B002ZCDR88|5.0|I have been wondering for years when this extremely talented artist will ever come up with a new Album.  I stayed up late when I found out that she will be appearing on Jay Leno's The Tonight Show.  This woman certainly didn't disappoint.  Her voice is still mesmerizing.  The same incomparable, wonderful voice from the era of 10,000 Maniacs.  I effing love her new Album.  Thank you Natalie for not disappointing your fans with your new Album.
B00127RAJY|5.0|I have been training and working out at the gym for months now and have been seeing zero results. In my fitness assessment last week I tested in the 90th percentile (the highest level) in aerobic fitness for my age group. I just started doing reading and research about endurance and interval training in short amounts of time, by increasing endurance levels each week, so I bought this DVD on Amazon.    I just finished the first workout on Level 1 and I'M ALREADY SORE! I am so impressed with what 20 minutes can do! This is a huge difference from my 60-90 minutes at the gym every day. I wanted to wait to review this item but I can already tell I'm going to see amazing results if I stick to it.    The first workout was tough...I have to admit, but I'm excited for my endurance to build and have the workouts become easier so I can increase my level each week. I think that this is one that can definitely hold up to it's title...I really do believe I could lose almost 20 pounds in 30 days by sticking to my regular diet and doing this exercise video every day.
B0001VWP8I|1.0|Not a normal CD.  If inserted into a boom box or car stereo, it'll play just fine.  But if you insert it into a computer, the CD -- believe it or not -- will insist you install a kind of monitoring program before you can listen to it, and you'll only be able to listen to the CD through this monitoring program.<br /><br />This is just one of those hassles that gum up up life for ordinary folks but do nothing to stop -- much less slow down -- piracy, since there are a million ways of getting around that program and getting the songs onto your hard drive and thence to your iPod.
B003JYOEYM|4.0|I would say this was a solid addition to Romero's movies.  It is a story about two families at odds with each other.  One side is trying to save the zombies and the other is trying to kill them.  It is a movie that slides right into the place where the original movie is.  There is a decent amount of suspense and decent effects.  I liked the story and just take it like it is and we will all be happy.
0062502182|4.0|The Alchemist reads something like a fable for adults; the story is short, the writing simple (not to be confused with unintellgent), and the messages clear and far-reaching.  Even the characters are referred to much of the time not by name, but by role--\\"the boy,\\" \\"the Englishman,\\" \\"the alchemist.\\"  The boy happens to be our protagonist, and after a signifcant reacurring dream, he decideds to leave behind his life as a shepard and go in search of his Personal Legend. In other words, he's going to give up everything known and comfortable to him in attempt to follow his dreams.      This is a simple novel, and to heap exaggerated meaning on unimportant details, such as the fact that the boy is searching for a literal treasure, would be to deminish the beauty of the tale, not to mention the point: sometimes the clearest pictures are painted with the fewest lines. The boy's Personal Legend itself is irrelevent--it's the journey that matters here, and it's an entertaining journey to follow along with.  I particulary liked the second half of the book, after the boy reaches the oasis and meets the lovely Fatima, his true treasure, and then, along with the alchemist, sets off through the desert on the last and most trying leg of his pursuit.  Without giving away the ending, it reminded me of one of my favorite themes in the bible, which is, to paraphrase, What you need now, you have now.      This is not the book for you if you enjoy having to peel back endless layers of prose to uncover any possible meaning or message...or if you dislike meaning and message, period.  Paulo Coelho is a spiritual writer, and his novels reflect that.  However, if you have ever been in search of something, if you've lived long enough to have a dream, this book could speak to you on a personal level.  If you don't have a Personal Legend at the moment, I couldn't agree more with a reviewer before me who suggested to put this book off till later when you feel you do.  Or better yet, when you feel you've wandered off your path completely.  Simple truths are the most powerful and the most easily forgotten; The Alchemist will make you remember.
0743455967|5.0|The book was actually delightful to read.  Mr. King wrote this book just as well as he writes his other books.  I found myself wanting to get back to writing my \\"work in progress\\" again.
B002VPE1AW|5.0|Great price for what I got if you aren't looking for something brand new or 3D then go for the inexpensive used regular dvd. The movie is still awesome even if its not in blu-ray the colors pop out at you and the picture quality is still fantastic with all the special effects they put into it.
B00005MEW1|1.0|To get a taste of the music that was used for this, check out \\"Vampire Rituals: Gothic Music From The Deepest Depths Of Hell,\\" which was also put out by Cleopatra Records.  Needless to say, it is NOT industrial music.  The music just doesn't work with the movie.  Any music producer could have a great time choosing the correct music to compliment the action in the movie, but this just seems to be dark/ambient music overlaid on a silent film.  The worst part was watching the terrifying carriage ride with mellow, dark, ambient music.  It took the terror and dread out of the scene.<br />If you like this movie (as I do) and you like dark music (as I do), the best choice is Nosferatu with the Type O Negative soundtrack.  Search Amazon for \\"Nosferatu - The First Vampire.\\"  That one uses the music and the movie to their full potential.
B002ZTQVGQ|5.0|A cute movie for kids of all ages and kids at heart. There are some parts that may scare really young chidren. My advise would be to rent it and watch it first, if you are considering buying it for a young child.
B001V7R09A|5.0|This set features all of Richter's recordings for DG enclosed in mini LP jackets.  The performances themselves are self recommending, if you know anything about Richter.  If you don't know Richter, then buy this set and be enlightened.
B003E8P9G0|5.0|i am a big fan of the percy jackson books so when i heard he wrote a new book i instantley bought. it was very different. the heros powers the mortal and immortal interactions everything. overall a pleasent follow up to the percy jackson series
0385504225|1.0|I ordered this book from a seller that had, at the time, an excellent rating.  He received my money, but the book was never received.  This book was to be a gift.  As a result, I have had to file a claim against the seller (I contacted him 3 times and received no response) and repurchase the book to send myself.  This time I bought the book at Target.  I will never again order from anyone except Amazon itself.  This has been a real hassle!  I had to give this transaction a star, but it deserves NO stars!
B00393R1ZC|4.0|If you love Daria this is a must have. What could be better than remember all her episodes, all her famous quotes and get back 10 years ago to enjoy of the classic stereotypes that you used to find when you were young. Definitely this is not for today's young guys. This is for people who enjoyed to belong to some group and immediately identify with any of the characters.    The only thing that I'm missing is the original music. This boxset does not have the original songs that we used to hear, which was an important part of the series. It is understandable because it would make it impossible to have all the permissions and definitely it would be very expensive. However the way the created the generic music for each scene is almost as good as in the original. If you were not like a fan you'd probably won't notice it.    I'm giving it 4 stars because i consider myself as a very good fan and I do miss the original music.
B002GOAH1A|5.0|When this first came out, I passed because of the reviews.  I was puzzled when looking at some of the Amazon reviewers, too.  I should have trusted the players and watched the movie years ago.  It's funny and fun.  Of course it isn't believable, that's not what this kind of movie is.  Will Smith isn't the Fresh Prince, he's grown up and has become a very watchable actor.  Kevin Kline is one of my absolute favorite performers and always gives you your money's worth.  My son absolutely loved it.  Pretty good pace, and enough action to satisty.  Give it a go!
0395645662|5.0|not a single crease in the pages or scratch on the cover. Good job. :)
B0038VPB5W|2.0|I've listed this band as one of my favorites and proudly talked about them, even though something in the back of my head made me think I was embarrassing myself for doing so. The incredible guitar riffs and vocals apparently hid it well because this album lacks both and the lameness shines through.    It's so uncool, and yes I'm sure they don't care about being cool, just like Avril Lavigne doesn't care.    They really need to work on their lyrics, but that's not enough because the very ideas of the songs make me lose total respect. In the song 'Fever' the lyrics are:    It's hot as hell in here  Everybody wants to lose control  The music's turned up loud and the lights  Are turned down low  Everybody's working for the weekend  Everybody wants to lose control  Everybody's going off the deep end...    If you aren't rolling your eyes right now, then you are 10 years old or younger. I am truly embarrassed and wince at the lyrics for pretty much every song. They need to grow up, grow in, and stop being a late 90's stereotype.
0307271862|5.0|I am giving this book 5 stars because I found it really interesting and hated to come to the end. That doesn't mean I have no criticisms. I have always been a big fan of Henning Mankell, especially his Kurt Wallender series. If you think that's what you're going to get here, get ready for an adjustment. The book is basically in three parts: Sweden, China and Africa. It starts like a murder mystery, with almost all the inhabitants of a remote Swedish village found brutally killed. A judge, Birgitta Roslin, gets involved with the investigation and finds she is (sort of) related to some of the victims. From then on, everything seems to happen by coincidence. A Chinese man is captured on a security tape. Birgitta's doctor orders her to take a medical leave of absence. She just happens to have a friend who is a Sinologist and happens to be going to China. Birgitta tags along. Out of a billion people, she runs across people who are likely to be connected with the murders. There is a long flashback to the 1860s when Chinese were kidnapped and brought to the U.S. to work on the transcontinental railroad. The focus in China shifts to Hong, sister of a big time crime boss. It's as though the Swedish story never happened. Hong, her brother and a lot of others go to Africa, with a plan to settle China's poor peasants there. For one thing, the AIDS epidemic in Africa could make this undesirable. There is a side trip to Mozambique, where the author coincidentally lives and I suspect that was its purpose. It's impossible to tell how much of the Chinese story is accurate; I don't know if he's done a lot of research, knows the language, or has been to the country. Near the end of the book, the story grows more unbelievable (e.g., people walking into traps). The main problem I think is that he was trying so hard to write a global epic (and it WAS interesting) that he lost track of the plot. A thriller has to be tightly plotted. As usual I won't give away the ending, but don't expect a conventional mystery. Read it for what it is.a conventional mystery. Read it for what it is.
B0036EH3WU|1.0|How dare they say « All the mysteries will be revealed » on the box! Never again will I waste time watching anything from Abrams, Cuse or Lindelof. They have talent and imagination, and certainly know how to hook viewers, but Abrams, notably, tends not to see his projects through (cf. the last season of Alias) and I have lost faith (pardon the pun!) in Cuse and Lindelof's ability to do so. It's nice that so many people are happy and satisfied by both the series and its ending. Personally I feel silly for having invested so much time analysing  pointless fictional events, and  betrayed, after being repeatedly promised answers to the « crucial » mysteries.<br />Like many others, I have loved Lost and own all first five seasons. I was looking forward to watching all the episodes anew after the finale, savouring each clue within a logical imaginary universe.  Not so. The lame conclusion has ruined it. With a beautiful setting, big budget, great writers and superb actors, having set an end date and promised answers, the producers simply did not deliver. We were given a facile, emotionally fulfilling but ultimately meaningless resolution. Nothing mattered, after all. Why bother with explanations? In the long run, we'll all be dead, reunited (maybe) with loved ones (at least some of them), and smiling sappily. If you are looking at this complete set because you haven't seen this show, be aware that no real answers are provided. If you keep your intellectual expectations low, are satisfied with being entertained, and can be happy about the journey and not care about the destination, maybe you'll enjoy being taken for this ride.
B001FB563E|5.0|THE ROAD is a beautifully rendered, heart smelting experience.  The acting is first rate, and the plot moves in an unrelenting manner.  The simple things we take for granted are shown here to be something special.  The dark and graying landscape of the film is beautiful in an almost \\"sick-at-heart\\" way.  The setting is replete with the fear and hopelessness that post apocalyptic thrillers excel at.<br /><br /> Yet...<br /><br />The whole film is a comment on the love between a son and his father.  Despite the evil that surrounds them, the father tries his best to teach his son a better way.  We see the goodness in the son's beliefs and attitude.  We see an imperfect father that is trying to differentiate between the \\"good\\" guys and the \\"bad\\" guys.  His son wants to help when he can, but the father's protective nature hinders this.  We see the father make mistakes and his own son serves as a moral compass that leads his \\"papa\\" back to the right thing.  In the end, trust becomes the highest achievement.  The son seems to me to represent all that is good in the world and the father represents those of us that have become jaded by the trials of life.  The absence of the divine seems clear in a world abandoned by all hope.  Yet, the son embodies the divine spark assuring us that good has not been driven from the world.  This is a story of starvation from a physical and spiritual standpoint.  The focus on suicide and hopelessness is so powerfully rendered that it stays with the audience for long days after the curtain has closed.  Some may see the negative existentialist worldview of Nietzsche or the survival of the fittest perspective of Darwin, but what truly shines about the film is its depiction of humanity's reach for more.  In the end, we see the values of goodness, love, and the sanctity of life.  There is a reach for the spiritual and a desire to return to lawful society.  While I felt some gray depression after the movie ended, it affirmed just how valuable each of us are.  It made me examine my own pettiness and reaffirmed the values I hold dear.  It is amazing that each of us needs a reset of our perspective from time to time.  THE ROAD is ultimately successful in pointing us towards that which is truly important:  The love, value and dignity that is given to us and the love, value and dignity that we must give to others if we are to truly comprehend what is means to be human.of us are.  It made me examine my own pettiness and reaffirmed the values I hold dear.   It is amazing that each of us needs a reset of our perspective from time to time.  THE ROAD is ultimately successful in pointing us towards that which is truly important:  The love, value and dignity that is given to us and the love, value and dignity that we must give to others if we are to truly comprehend what is means to be human.
0316154687|4.0|At almost 400 reviews and counting, it may be impossible to add anything unique to readers' impressions of this book, but I'll try. It was lent to me by a close friend to read in-between my Vine reviewing duties and I thought I'd never get to it. But having ordered a few hard goods thru Vine instead of books the last few times, I was able to sneak it in my satchel and take it on my 2-week vacation without feeling a trace of guilt for leaving the other, less entertaining pulps at home. Sedaris is a favorite and I'd skip a meal if I had to in order to read a few chapters.<br /><br />This particular book meanders for a short while then quickly centers on his personal quest to quit smoking. Accompanied by his patient partner, Hugh, they leave France and go to Japan on a \\"David-quits-smoking-vacation\\" of sorts. The writing is full of his classic sly touches and is one of the few TRULY laugh-out-loud books I've read in quite some time. I enjoyed his take on many of Japan's oddities and in a strange way it made me want to visit that country even more.<br /><br />While it's not Sedaris at his over-the-top best, it's darn close. There are tidbits of his upbringing and half-mentions of his crafty circus-like family, but nothing like we've seen in the past. They are supporting cast with bit parts in this book, not lead actors. Mostly, I missed his cigarette-slinging mother with her late afternoon cocktail, dolling out dry sarcasm to whatever young David tried his best at. (Seriously, who wouldn't want a mother like that?) But I can't blame the guy, this is new territory and through Sedaris' eyes, it looks pretty good.<br /><br />An entertaining read, \\"When You Are Engulfed in Flames\\" is more than worthy of the few bucks you'd have to shell out to get it, even used. As for the copy sitting next to my computer presently, my friend may have to steal it  in order to get it back. Sorry Maria.
B0039UTDFG|5.0|Wow! Many people apparently don't like the narration by Oprah, but I thought she did an excellent job.  Admittedly, I haven't watched the 'Life' narrated by David Attenborough and since he is the best in the business, my opinion might be different if I had.  However, I didn't even know about the Attenborough version until now, so my opinion stands: Life was an excellent experience and not once did I feel cheated while listening to Winfrey's narration.  Not to mention the breathtaking cinematography or the animal's journeys which certainly speak for themselves.
030745455X|5.0|Gripping stuff! This is what a suspense novel should be all about. With the exception of a few untied situations and a couple of dead ends, the book is extremely well plotted and the characters are unbelievable. Hard to put down, this book will keep you flipping through the pages all night.
B000002G26|4.0|Music: 3.5 stars  Sonic: 3.5 stars  I like about half of the songs in this disc.
B002VPE1B6|4.0|...the whole movie should of been CGI. Switching back and forth from live actors to CGI bluey people back to live actors and back to blueys was really annoying. I got lost..was i watching the Smurfs or Aliens???...no matter how high tech CGI gets it still looks FAKE next to a live actor/environment...STORY: 4/5 - same old stuff nothing new here. CHARACTERS: 5/5 - Blueys are lovable. the female Blueys must all work at Hooters or are ex playmates, first the hot green girl from star trek now this, red must be the next HOT color. CGI: 5/5 - Best ive seen but not next to the living. VILLAIN: 3/5 - Bad racist humans evil corporation money money money, i was hoping for something a little less cliche....this is an ongoing review so ill post more when my brain can think of something...STAY IN SCHOOL DONT BE A FOOL...:P
B002ZCY7SW|5.0|I may be in the few when I say this, but I don't think this show ever qualified as \\"past its prime.\\" It seems like a lot of the reviews coming out from papers, magazines, even fans revolved around the fact that the show ended on a good note, HOWEVER --note the asterisk-- (*it's not what it once was). Yes, there were recurring themes. Yes, we've gone through the whole nuclear weapons story before. Yes, some things were more predictable than they used to be. But I, for one, loved watching Jack Bauer and Chloe O'Brian evolve. I loved watching Charles Logan try and wiggle his way back into the good graces of Americans. I loved watching where the shattered life of Tony Almeida led him in Season 7. I think, reasonably so, a lot of people considered the shark jumped after Season 6. I did, too. But I continued watching, and I thought Seasons 7 and 8 were two of the strongest the 24 crew put together.<br /><br />**Spoilers Below**<br />Since I can't rate the product yet, the five stars is for Season 8 itself. It's more of a 4 1/2, but I think they've earned the benefit of the doubt with consistently great work. This season got off to a slow start, much in the same way Season 3 did. Annie Wersching's portrayal of a darker, hardened Renee Walker dominated the early season episodes as a plot was methodically developed. By the twelfth episode, 24 hit its stride in vintage form. The twists and turns were as drastic as ever, and following the assassination of President Omar Hassan of the I.R.K., the show took on an angle it never had before (or at least an altered version of Season Five's anti-terrorism treaty).<br /><br />The blood stained peace treaty among a trio of nations was a different kind of plot for the show, especially since it ironically made Jack Bauer the biggest, not to mention the only legitimate threat in the final third of the season. Noteworthy: You DO NOT kill Jack Bauer's girlfriend. Apparently the Russians didn't hear that from the Chinese (Audrey's alive but status unknown), who in turn didn't hear it from Nina Meyers. I thought it all made perfect sense, because Jack was finally in a good state of mind at the beginning of the season. He was finally getting his life together, he finally stopped playing mind games with his female counterpart. And then Renee Walker gets killed... in Jack's apartment. Jack summed it up best while torturing Pavel. \\"Why couldn't you just leave us alone?\\" You have to look back on 8 days of professional, and personal, sacrifices Jack has had to make and wonder how it even took him this long to boil over.<br /><br />Jack became the anti-hero, stopping at nothing to eliminate the participants in a treaty based on crime and deceit. For all he's sacrificed for his country, the United States turned its back on Jack Bauer for what they envisioned as \\"the greater good.\\" So when justice by law was refused, Jack took justice into his own hands. What ensued was a bloody mess created by a man who had been betrayed by nearly everyone (NEARLY--thank you, Chloe).<br /><br />Though many would have preferred Bauer to go out in a blaze of glory, gun in hand, I thought the ending was appropriate. For all the times Jack had been spared, whatever the reason, it was only right that the man with 9 lives was granted a 10th. Taylor, in good conscience, couldn't sign the treaty. I'd like to think the video Jack intended for Kim was a tipping point for the President, thus making Jack his own hero, once again. But like the Chinese said at the end of Season 5: \\"you're too valuable to kill.\\" One more time, Jack was given a pass.<br /><br />- My only problem with Season 8 is the Dana Walsh story, and I don't think I'm in the minority here. I was somewhat relieved she became a mole, but it also discredited much of her story earlier in the day. If she had no problem killing Kevin's parole officer, I don't see why she would have a problem killing Kevin. Yes, she had to maintain her cover, and yes, she was on camera when he visited her at CTU, but why not when he and Nick came to her apartment? I'm just a little cloudy as to why Dana was letting those guys push her around. The fact that she was a mole explained further her change of identity, but there were still several holes in her story (not to mention how she got away with wearing a cocktail dress to work.)<br />- As opposed to many fans this season, I had no problem whatsoever with Brian Hastings. Mykelti Williamson was given a very unoriginal role, because we've seen the kind of stubborn, oblivious CTU/Division/Homeland Security directors before on many occasions. However, outside the fact that he looked like a football coach with his earpiece and hunchback way of treading CTU, I thought Hastings was always an interesting, even comical character on screen.<br />- A couple people mentioned in earlier reviews that they found it difficult to take Freddie Prinze, Jr. seriously. I couldn't agree more. He had a steep hill to climb from the reputation he's made for himself since becoming an actor. However, I thought if there was any character in any season of 24 he could've played, Cole Ortiz was the perfect fit; the straight and narrow, by the book, \\"boy scout\\" if you will, field agent. Though he's certainly not looking at a Primetime Emmy nod for his performance, I thought he did an excellent job with the role.<br /><br />24 still had tricks up its sleeve after 8 seasons. It had some repetition, but still much more originality. It still presented shock value and still produced likable characters. Season 6 may have been sub-par, but was it sub-par as a TV show or was it sub-par by 24 standards? I really think S6 was wrongly tapped as the show's dip into mediocrity. It was just an isolated miss, in my opinion. Honestly, I think the show went out as good as it came in. Now we turn our attention to the big screen.<br /><br />Season 8   Grade: A-ick came to her apartment? I'm just a little cloudy as to why Dana was letting those guys push her around. The fact that she was a mole explained further her change of identity, but there were still several holes in her story (not to mention how she got away with wearing a cocktail dress to work.)  - As opposed to many fans this season, I had no problem whatsoever with Brian Hastings. Mykelti Williamson was given a very unoriginal role, because we've seen the kind of stubborn, oblivious CTU/Division/Homeland Security directors before on many occasions. However, outside the fact that he looked like a football coach with his earpiece and hunchback way of treading CTU, I thought Hastings was always an interesting, even comical character on screen.  - A couple people mentioned in earlier reviews that they found it difficult to take Freddie Prinze, Jr. seriously. I couldn't agree more. He had a steep hill to climb from the reputation he's made for himself since becoming an actor. However, I thought if there was any character in any season of 24 he could've played, Cole Ortiz was the perfect fit; the straight and narrow, by the book, \\"boy scout\\" if you will, field agent. Though he's certainly not looking at a Primetime Emmy nod for his performance, I thought he did an excellent job with the role.    24 still had tricks up its sleeve after 8 seasons. It had some repetition, but still much more originality. It still presented shock value and still produced likable characters. Season 6 may have been sub-par, but was it sub-par as a TV show or was it sub-par by 24 standards? I really think S6 was wrongly tapped as the show's dip into mediocrity. It was just an isolated miss, in my opinion. Honestly, I think the show went out as good as it came in. Now we turn our attention to the big screen.    Season 8   Grade: A-
0783226063|4.0|to appreciate this film you need to think of it as yet another david lynch film inspired by the book. it is rare to see people complain about the differences between 'blade runner' and 'do androids dream of electric sheep' because i believe most people accept, it is ridley scott's vision inspired by the book. once you have seen david lynch's 'blue velvet' and 'mulholland drive' and approach 'dune' as a david lynchian inspired vision all the comparisons will become meaningless and you will be swept away by this fantastical dream. the four star rating is simply because david lynch did not have full control over the project, one can only wonder what could have been. nevertheless i still prefer the shorter theatrical release, because sometimes, less is more.
B000002U88|3.0|OK, so all of the previous reviewers are obvious Seger Fans.  And most of them can provide a recap of the Song List or the Liner Notes.  Since this album was originally released in '82, I'd hope that the Song List was well known.  BUT, this is more specifically an \\"Amazon Exclusive\\" REMASTER.  Yet not a single review can mention any details about the remastering quality, nor whether it adds or detracts from the original Release.  Being a fan, and having purchased this Album previously both on Vinyl and Original CD, the Song List (unless altered or augmented) is of little interest - it's already known.  Of interest, and why I read through all 25 reviews, was to find whether others had been happy with the Remaster quality.  And having posted the 26th review, I'm still wondering...
B000QQFKYE|4.0|Inland Empire is three hours of \\"what the hell is going on\\"? David Lynch made Blue Velvet and my fav. Mulhollande Dr., which is great and makes sense until the end where it's what you think it is since anything is possiable with that ending. Anway, Empire makes sense in the beginning but quickly gets confusing and you can end up loss in the film. There are different things going on, from talking human rabbits to whatever. Laura Dern did a good job but I question if she even knew what was going on after some time. I read somewhere that the different scenes had their own scripts and it was all put together at the end. Lynch didn't know how it would turn out though he thought it would be good and i guess he was right? In a way, you want to watch it over and over til you get it. It took me 5 takes to see the whole movie. I kept shutting it off and putting it on some other day because I was confused as sin and it was hard to sit through. Yet I don't think this movie is junk or anything, since I want to watch it again, but I think calling it one of the best films ever made is a little way too far from the truth. There are some great scenes in Empire that I could watch over and over.   I think Mulholland was way better and just like Mulholland, their was no chapter selection so i had to scan through until i got back to where i stopped last. I bought this movie online so i got a different version of it, cover wise and stuff. The back of it has no synopis but when you think about..... what could they say?
0061703257|3.0|While I did find this book an excellent page turner at no point did I feel anything regarding the characters.  This is really disappointing given the obvious attempt by the author to write in confusion and frustration and a whole gamut of emotions.  My imagination while reading is generally vivid and detailed and, despite this, I could not find any palapable tension that motivated flipping through the book to the end just to find resolution.
0195170776|5.0|Hi, I'm brazilian teacher, translator and book reviewer in my country and I have to say... it's the best dictionary that i've ever had!! Amazing edition, paper, pictures, texts, CD-ROM... everything! You have to buy one too if you want to be good in your work!! I've never tought that it could be so good to me!
B002VPE1AW|2.0|I finally had the chance to view Avatar and have to say that the special effects are definitely amazing. That said, the story is a repeat of the ever successful cow boys vs. indians we are all acquainted with... With much less \\"in your face\\" special effects, I put the \\"district 9\\" story line 10 times better than Avatar.... worth renting, not buying in my opinion.
0486274268|5.0|If you want to learn to draw animals from memory, that's the book to get. I bought a couple others books on the subject since, but i always come back to this one. I find this book the equivalent of the Andrew Loomis series for human anatomy.
B000002HPV|5.0|Saying this album is STUNNING, STELLAR, PHENOMENAL, EXCUISITE, are HUGE understatements. Björk has possibly created the greatest album ever made in the history of music.    The instrumentation, the arrangements, the vocals, the lyrics, i can go on and on about Homogenic. It is ABSOLUTELY PERFECT!!    It took me about 2 weeks to fully appreciate this album, since it's a bit hard to understand and it's not for the faint of heart, but when you get it, you get it, and then it just leaves you absolutely Speechless!    Bachelorette has to be one of the greatest songs ever written. The metaphors used in this song just completely blow me away, along with the dark haunting instrumentation. One of the best songs EVER!!!    Joga is another killer song. Every song is STELLAR though!    Just get this album, and really take your time to enjoy it, because it does take time to appreciate it for its genius due to the intense maturaty level of it, but in the end you will be rewarded.    My Top 5  1.Bachelorette  2.Joga  3.Unravel  4.Hunter  5.Pluto    GET THIS MASTERPIECE!!
B002ZFQD0E|5.0|I love janelle monae! I got her first album with only seven songs and loved it! I was hoping she would come out with a full album,and let me say it was truly worth the wait! Her style, her voice,...She is a real musician and music artist. This CD was apart of my very first order her on Amazon. It came a day earlier than expected!! Thank you Amazon.com for quality products,fast shipping, and 5 star service. :)
0575083093|5.0|One of the better Sci-Fi books I've read recently.  Another is \\"Fallen Dragon\\" by Peter Hamilton.  When I finished Revelation Space, I immediately went out and bought the sequel, \\"Chasm City\\".
0143116738|5.0|The element is one of the most inspiring book written for this current generation. The premise of this book is located right after reading the prologue or the preface of the book. The author make his case in a simplified way with authentic evidence to buttress his argument. The keyword in his entire book is called \\"the element\\" which he basically defined as the \\"juncture\\" where talent and passion meet. I call it \\"talento-passionism\\". He asserts that in order for any person to know his or her element, the person has to know his/her talent and passion. He then elaborate in detail some of the barriers that has prevented majority of people/students from finding their element. After getting through half of the book, he proposes legitimate solutions to counter these barriers. Mentors are also mentioned about their primary responsibilities of helping students find their element. One of my favorite phrase he stated was that, it is never too late to find your element. There are many successful people that rich their climax of success when they were in their forties or sixties. This is a book that the US department of Education should read and come up with best policies rather than encouraging the importance of standardized exams and stealthily destroying creativity for the 21st century. I encourage every teacher, parents, ordinary citizens and educators to read this book. Every person is born with talents and passions and if we as a nation wants to be the best innovative minds of this generation and future generation, Ken Robinson demand of us to help people/ students to find their element.
0971407614|5.0|The lack of quality editing greatly harms this otherwise wonderful book. Whoever edited the book should have known that to lose weight is not to \\"loose weight.\\" But, because the contents of the book are so valuable, I won't take any stars away from my opinion of it.<br /><br />I'm told a second printing is in the works (may be out by now) and hopefully all these messy things will be fixed. That doesn't help those who bought the book in its current state, however. Get the second printing if you can wait.<br /><br />Now to the contents of the book . . .<br /><br />I was very impressed by the fact the author, Mark Lauren, says straight out that he doesn't train movie stars. He trains men and women to survive, to be able to function well in life. That's what's really needed. The good looks, the great body, come as a side effect but is not the goal.<br /><br />Lauren says, \\"I want you to understand, unlike many other fitness authors, I do not train movie stars, television celebrities, models, or other personalities whose livelihoods hinge on being fit. I train those whose lives do. For a decade I've used bodyweight exercises to create the leanest, strongest, most confident people of our civilization.\\"<br /><br />\\"This book comes to us at a time when, despite their best intentions, most people are too crunched for time and money to devote enough of either to attaining their fitness goals. In this age of information we are bombarded with incorrect advice, useless gadgets and pills, and pure hype. The methods outlined by Mark Lauren are proven and time tested. I know because I've seen his results. I've commanded the best of the best, and Mark's training has helped make them that way. Now he has honed his program into one for every man and woman.\\" That's what John T. Carney Jr., Colonel USAF says in the forward. And that pretty much sums up what you'll get from the book. And that's a lot!<br /><br />This is powerful stuff. It really spoke to me because I'm all about functional training. I don't care so much about the shape of my butt as the shape of my health. I care less about the numbers of the circumference of my butt than the numbers of my blood pressure. The fact that these exercises make me look good is just a wonderful side effect!<br /><br />Mark says that in less than two hours per week you can get as fit as an elite warrior. I follow the PACE program of Dr. Al Sears and the way he trains and his philosophy works hand in glove with what you'll learn in this book. In fact, let me recommend Sears book to you. [[ASIN:0979470390 Pace: The 12-Minute Fitness Revolution]]<br /><br />Mark says, \\"The popularity of training equipment, systems, and fad diets is mostly the result of marketing --- not a genuine attempt to help a generally out-of-shape society reach higher levels of fitness and well-being. In this age, where our homes and gyms are cluttered with fitness gadgets, the simplest and most effective method for developing strength and losing fat has been largely overlooked ---knowing how to train using nothing more than your body.\\"<br /><br />He adds, \\"Most weight training exercises isolate only certain muscles, requiring a fairly small portion of your body's total muscle mass, unlike bodyweight exercises that incorporate many at once. These exercises have the added benefit of being much more demanding of core strength (6-pack anyone?) than exercises that require weights and machines.\\"<br /><br />The heart of the program is interval strength training. This is one area where these exercises work well with PACE.<br /><br />Many people are turning from aerobics (cardio) and other forms of exercise because of injury and discomfort as they age. The author says, \\". . . things like running are extremely high-force, damaging to your knees, hips and back.\\" Oh, is this ever true! And when you get my age, you'll really feel it if you've spent a lifetime pursuing these activities.<br /><br />Even Kenneth Cooper who started the aerobic era nowsays it's a bad thing.<br /><br />Mark says, \\". . . interval strength training is superior to aerobic activity in burning fat, as well as building strength, speed, power, and even cardiovascular endurance. All this in far less time than tedious 'cardio' sessions.\\"<br /><br />I like the fact this is a no-nonsense book. Moreover, Mark doesn't limit the information to men like many military and fitness writers. He writes to both men and women and treats both equally. He gets lots of points with me for that and I appreciate it. We all face survival and the need to function in daily living, regardless of our sex.<br /><br />There's also a nutrition section in the book. No recipes. Just some good, solid nutrition advice that's pretty much on the mark as far as I'm concerned.<br /><br />In some of the exercises you will need some sort of equipment. But it's equipment most anyone has around the house such as a broom or telephone book. You won't need any equipment with most of the exercises, however.<br /><br />Frankly, in the few exercises that suggest a phone book, I'd rather use dumbbells. But, if you're in a hotel room, a phone book is handier.<br /><br />I put a bar between two chairs to do the chin-ups. You can also use a broom, anything that won't break.<br /><br />He gives all sorts of ways to work out. I like the Tabatas: 20 seconds of exercise followed by 10 seconds of rest, for 8 rounds, for a total of 4 minutes. It's a total 15 minute workout.  On the days I do PACE, I use a different interval. But the results are great!<br /><br />Of the exercises Mark says, \\"Many of these 111 exercises I developed and named myself, others are little known gems, and still others are classics modified in new ways. Each exercise description detail a single repetition. Obviously, you should do multiple repetitions for multiple sets with rest in between sets. For more advanced athletes, typically each set should be done until you hit muscle failure and cannot do another rep.\\"<br /><br />There are also variations at the end of some of the exercises. You can make them easier or harder. And yes, these exercises are safe and effective for both young and old. If forty is so far in the rear view mirror that it's disappeared from view, as in my case, have no fear. If I can do it, you can do it. And if you're young, you would be well advised to get going on this right now. These exercises will keep everyone who does them functioning for life and able to take care of themselves in any event.<br /><br />If you've done power yoga, you've done many of these exercises. One of his exercises is simply a combination of the sun salutation, down dog and the cobra. If done in a flow, as in power yoga and as the author advises, it's a powerful exercise that works almost every muscle. Mark calls it \\"Dive Bombers\\" and says it's for the \\"pectorals, triceps, deltoids and core.\\"<br /><br />He also rates the exercises from 1 to 4 with one being easy and 4 being the most difficult. Many are combinations and almost all of them can be modified.<br /><br />Very good photos of each step of the exercises are presented. Then the author gives us his program. You can select how you want to set up your program. He gives you a number of workouts or you can do your own.<br /><br />There are programs for endurance, power, intervals, supersets and undulating. They cover a number of weeks. Then you change off. Fact is, there is a program here for anyone. But, you can always do things your own way.<br /><br />At the end of the book there's a helpful appendix called \\"The 6 necessary training principles behind any successful program.\\" There is another one called \\"The science behind the program.\\" There is also a useful appendix called \\"Household Equipment\\", which as it sounds describes items around the house you'll find useful in some of the exercises.<br /><br />I opened this book expecting to find just another workout book by another fitness \\"guru\\". What I discovered was a wonderful adventure written by a no-nonsense guy who knows what he's doing and who presents it in a really great way. He trains for function, not beauty. And function is what gets us through life and helps us survive when called on to do so.<br /><br />Highly recommended.<br /><br />- Susanna K. Hutchesong and old. If forty is so far in the rear view mirror that it's disappeared from view, as in my case, have no fear. If I can do it, you can do it. And if you're young, you would be well advised to get going on this right now. These exercises will keep everyone who does them functioning for life and able to take care of themselves in any event.    If you've done power yoga, you've done many of these exercises. One of his exercises is simply a combination of the sun salutation, down dog and the cobra. If done in a flow, as in power yoga and as the author advises, it's a powerful exercise that works almost every muscle. Mark calls it \\"Dive Bombers\\" and says it's for the \\"pectorals, triceps, deltoids and core.\\"     He also rates the exercises from 1 to 4 with one being easy and 4 being the most difficult. Many are combinations and almost all of them can be modified.    Very good photos of each step of the exercises are presented. Then the author gives us his program. You can select how you want to set up your program. He gives you a number of workouts or you can do your own.    There are programs for endurance, power, intervals, supersets and undulating. They cover a number of weeks. Then you change off. Fact is, there is a program here for anyone. But, you can always do things your own way.    At the end of the book there's a helpful appendix called \\"The 6 necessary training principles behind any successful program.\\" There is another one called \\"The science behind the program.\\" There is also a useful appendix called \\"Household Equipment\\", which as it sounds describes items around the house you'll find useful in some of the exercises.    I opened this book expecting to find just another workout book by another fitness \\"guru\\". What I discovered was a wonderful adventure written by a no-nonsense guy who knows what he's doing and who presents it in a really great way. He trains for function, not beauty. And function is what gets us through life and helps us survive when called on to do so.    Highly recommended.    - Susanna K. Hutcheson
B001UV4XWY|2.0|I watched this many years ago as a Twilight Zone episode, and thought it was pretty cool.  When I saw that they were making a movie, I thought to myself, \\"how much more can they possibly add to this story?\\"  Well, the answer is nothing, really.  None more black.<br /><br />Okay, just because you stuff a lot of existential crap in there and call it a morality play doesn't make it good.  And the whole \\"technology is magic\\" thing is just a cop out way of saying, \\"it doesn't make sense because it's beyond our comprehension.\\"  Give me a break.<br /><br />The only thing I was able to take away from this movie is the overall feeling of dread it creates.  Just a simple thing like having it set in the 70's, and the horrible wallpaper makes you feel uncomfortable.  Then throw in some disfigurement, and the weird teenagers... the whole thing just makes you feel... wrong, dirty.  So kudos for atmosphere, but overall, not an enjoyable experience for me.
B0036EH3XE|4.0|Posted 5/28/2010: The tagline for Lost's fifth season, \\"Destiny Found,\\" would more properly be applied to this, the show's sixth and final season. In season five, the characters and the show was plagued with confusion, mystifying questions, and very bad advice (the two worst ideas being the killing of Jacob, and the attempt to change history by blowing up a nuclear bomb). In Lost's sixth year, however, things finally come to a point and the survivors face the reasons they were brought to the Island, while learning more about it itself and its history, mostly the history of Jacob and the smoke monster. Jack finally accepts his destiny, becoming an admirable and mature hero. John Locke is in the end vindicated, even as his memory is deeply dishonored by the series' central antagonist. At times the season falters, such as with the explanation of the Whispers, a central mystery present in the show's background. To me, this was a question that didn't need to be answered. Strange whispers heard in the jungle are more powerful and interesting as mysterious phenomenon than as solved mysteries. And much of the philosophical content of the two mythology-centered episodes, \\"Ab Aeterno\\" and \\"Across the Sea,\\" are illogical at best. Mankind is neither good nor evil, but a tragic mixture of both. Evil is not a positive substance that can be contained or allowed to escape; and different religions that differ from each other in basic and essential ways, that advocate conflicting and opposing paths, cannot lead to the same end. But what show is perfect? As long as these flaws are taken as what they are -- flaws -- the show still shines despite them, giving Lost a very satisfying ending. Lost is a great show because it is one whose mysteries and the answers to those mysteries enrich the experience of watching the show over again. In a way, the passing of a show that has tackled such interesting and important questions as skepticism vs. faith, and in such a compelling and character-driven way, is sad; yet the way in which it passes is beautiful. The action and adventure of the series finale, \\"The End,\\" matches the series' highest points of excitement and thrills; the final confrontation between Jack and his unholy adversary is breathtaking. And the final revelation of the \\"Sideways world\\"'s true nature is an interesting treatment of a challenge that is necessary for every human being to face. All told, Lost has always been an ambitious show that never shied away from taking risks, and in the end it was inevitable that some would be disappointed. Certain things could have been done better, but then a great many things could have easily been done much, much worse. One thing is certain: this kind of a show, with such great characters, such deep themes, such great daring in storytelling, is rare, possibly coming only once in every generation.
B0018BXMXW|5.0|You know the music...this remaster, a k2, is the best sounding, much better than the i.r.s./red bullet editions (which used the same remaster).
B003LSTK8G|5.0|I thought I knew a fair amount about this stuff already. What I did not fully appreciate was how the credit default swaps were used by the firms to create synthetic CDOs That was the move that dramatically magnified the risk. I recommended the book to my dentist who had swallowed the myth that the whole crisis was all the fault of the Community Redevelopment program and a certain class of irresponsible borrowers. This book opened his eyes. It will open yours too.
1400064287|5.0|I have over a 100 writers a month send me samples of their work. About 1 out of 200 writers know how to produce something that sticks. Many times I'm tempted to recommend this book but always manage to hold my breath.<br /><br />Dan and Chip produced a well researched book on what will stick with your readers which include:<br /><br />Simplicity<br />Unexpected<br />Concrete<br />Credible<br />Emotional<br />Story<br /><br />Mix 4 or 5 of the above list into your writing and get the job!<br /><br />257 pages - simple read.<br /><br />John Halloran<br />Certified Gold Exchange, Inc
B0032JTV6U|1.0|Like a lot of you I am a huge fan of the show so I got a copy of volume 1 from america as it came out here in the UK later and I could not wait that long. I also signed up to be notified when the second volume would become available and was just as furious as many of you about fox exploiting the fans. Then later when I was on a UK site I noticed that volume 2 is coming on sale here for £16.99 in september this is a region 2 dvd so will only work for those of you who have multiregional players. For the rest of you I can only imagine you will have to resort to more radical action against the scum responsible.
B0011HF6GE|5.0|The more you listen. the better it gets.  This is the best album of the last five years
B002ZG98Z0|3.0|After a time, all fictional characters that live in the world of the celluloid fantastic where reruns and `on demand' services allow frequent re-acquaintance overload enter an audience immunization state that suggests that nothing they do--no matter how horrendously outrageous--will phase their fans or viewers.<br /><br />Think of Hannibal Lector who in \\"[[ASIN:6305050058 The Silence of the Lambs (Criterion Collection Spine #13)]]\\" raised goose bumps on the skin of anyone who watched his tongue flicker in and out while he uttered that famous line about fava beans and Cianti.  Later in \\"[[ASIN:B00003CXSP Hannibal (Two-Disc Special Edition)]]\\" even as he ratchets open Ray Liotta's skull to partake of slices of lightly saut&eacute;ed grey matter, exposure of the character and Anthony Hopkins' portrayal of him transmuted into someone more acceptable--an American Icon that was well-loved. More screen appearances materialized--\\"[[ASIN:B000089A06 Red Dragon - Collector's Edition]]\\" and \\"[[ASIN:B000NVT0SO Hannibal Rising (Unrated Widescreen Edition)]].\\" In effect, the media saturation of Hannibal Lector sanitized him to the point of audiences becoming immune to him--warm and fuzzifying him even though he still engaged in some of the most despicable acts that anyone could or should imagine.  We love the character, but the weak storylines were there to just showcase our loved one--not to give us a film that was memorable--except for the travelogue views of Florence in `Hannibal'--or furthered his story in a way that was as compelling as that in our first encounter.<br /><br />Now the girls of the SATC franchise--Carrie, Samantha, Miranda and Charlotte--whose roles are currently reprised in this 2010 film \\"Sex and the City 2\\"--two years after the first \\"the Movie\\" version ([[ASIN:B001DDBCUU Sex and the City: The Movie (Special Edition)]])--certainly have little in common with Hannibal Lector--or do they?  They are, forgive the pun, man-eaters.  However, their episodic escapades, ranking an eleven or twelve on the promiscuity scale of one to ten, at one time revolutionary for television as was Lector's first horror-inducing appearance in \\"TSOTL\\" now seems as campy and typically American as Liza Minelli's cameo at the gay wedding of Stanford and Anthony.  The only reaction warranted is a bit of a jaw drop, a shake of the head and then no matter how zany, crazy, corny, spoofy or over-the-top, acceptance.  As with the now cuddly Hannibal, the Fab Four can no longer surprise or repel us.  They have become full-fledged members of Americana and we have to like them the way we love mom and apple pie.<br /><br />And we do, qualities of forever friendship between women who do not back bite each other or fly off never to be seen again in jealous rages present the exception to the almost oxymoronic idea of the female friendship rule.  Carrie, Samantha, Miranda and Charlotte purport different mindsets and sensibilities that in the real world may not gel with the synergistic tolerance depicted in the series.  That's why millions of women love these characters--none of them takes a backseat to one another; they all coexist even if it is in the Utopian world of the girl-pal support genre.  When on the screen, the foursome compels the female viewer to climb into the scene and bask in the reflective light of iconic friendships that they will never have, as they simply do not exist.  Our egos, coupled with the very nature of humanness, make this impossible.<br /><br />Now, of course, my comments contain relevancy only for those who are fans of the show.  Few people outside that subset of rom-com lovers would have any use for this particular adventure that features over two and a half hours dedicated to the terrible twos associated with questions arising in the two year old Big/Carrie marriage merger featuring Carrie's ennui regarding the predictable direction of her childless-by-choice union, Charlotte's inability to cope with her two daughters and a rather buxom nanny, Miranda's invisibility at her firm and Samantha's menopausal need for hormone replacement.<br /><br />Changing the venue from New York City to Abu Dhabi in the United Arab Emirates suggests writer and director Michael Patrick King looked at this film as an extended episode where the girls need to get out of Dodge a la Thelma and Louise and do the obligatory once-a-season road trip.  Showcasing another `city' for `the city' may poke a hole in the balloon of fan expectation.  However, I pose this question for these filmmakers with such elaborate budgets: Rather than a foreign city, why not an American city that could have used the publicity to interject some needed stimulation to the flagging economy through an SATC tourism campaign?  As in all such films that feature beautiful locales, Marrakesh which doubles for Abu Dhabi oozes with opulence and an oasis of splendid eye-candy--a $22K a night hotel suite, chauffeured Maybachs and Mercedes, individual man servants for each of the gals, enough food to feed a third world country, dazzling views of the Arabian desert and world class soccer players without their shirts.  Escapist? For sure, why else would we watch it?  But why not an escape to New Orleans, San Francisco, Seattle or any US city that could capitalize on the film's marketing efforts?<br /><br />Designer Patricia Field again costumes the women in extravagant and sometimes tasteless outfits that make you wonder if she doesn't understand the concept of growing older donning elegant couture that accentuates the savvy and sophistication needed to know when not to wear something blatantly unattractive.  Sarah Jessica Parker (Halston Heritage's new creative hire) as Carrie Bradshaw Preston preens with an extensive wardrobe of Middle Eastern themed harem pants and turbans that quite frankly characterized her as eccentric rather than chic.  When she is not wearing gracefully draped Halston American Heritage, Carrie's odd desire for the unconventional snore-free relationship filters into her wardrobe choices.  The Yohji Yamamoto hat she wears on the plane keeps viewers guessing, \\"Is it a nest for the bird she wore with the Vivien Westwood bridal gown?\\" as does the lavender taffeta floor length lining she pairs with a \\"J'adore Dior\\" vintage tee.  Who would wear such a combo with four-inch heels while shopping in a foreign souk? Samantha's (Kim Cattrall) red dress by the Blonds featuring silver mace-like bulbs on each shoulder seems reminiscent of the padded 80s gone ballistic.  Poor Kristin Davis (Charlotte) and Cynthia Nixon (Miranda) wear a sherbet smorgasbord of all the right clothes for their age group and body type, but somehow manage to get ignored in favor of the more eclectic Parker and age-defying Cattrall.  All in all, most of these fashions seemed subtitled Mismatched Scheherazade; the presentation, especially the little runway stomp in the desert more a slow-motion, hair whipping-in-the-sirocco trailer for a new series season rather than a sequence in a film.<br /><br />For those who are going to complain that the film contains little realism in the face of recession, think back to the 30s when most of the country faced depression, big stars flaunted furs, dripped with diamonds and supported maids and butlers galore. SATC2 doesn't take itself seriously, so why should we?  Sit back and watch the extravaganza, but beware that the script is devoid of any main storyline.  Carrie & Co. quip back and forth with each other and their men, punning shamelessly they epitomize a sour wit that relies on brand name recognition and other accoutrement of privileged life. Unfortunately, other than Samantha hawking her natural hormone replacement solutions and Charlotte confessing that motherhood can be exhausting (even with help-OMG!), our four favorite fashion oracles have little to offer in terms of real time wisdom other than a genuine love for each other.<br /><br />We still love them no matter what they do--Samantha's suicidal shooting of the bird amidst a hostile grouping of gallibaya clad men while in the spice market comes quickly to mind with an eye roll that reminds me that these characters have become iconized like the diabolical Hannibal Lector as symbols of our American culture.  And we, as a mainstream audience &lt;groan>, will defend them to the death.<br /><br />Bottom line? In SATC2, director and writer, Michael Patrick King, allows fans of the HBO series to go on the ultimate road trip with their favorite foursome. Surrounded by all fluff and no substance, Carrie and the gang age but don't seem to garner much wisdom; they want instead to stay sexy in any city whether they can pull it off or not.  Whatever they do, these characters have stood the test of still having staying power for over a decade, allowing the audience the vicarious indulgence of all things slick, opulent and simply outrageous.  This character recognition and acceptance into the American hall of TV legends seems to give the filmmakers carte blanche, putting the group in more and more outrageous situations that require desperate means and a good sense of humor to undo.  The film's plot meanders, not down a street called Straight but, in the middle of Abu Dhabi where some pretty silly and sometimes disrespectful comments regarding Middle Eastern mores overshadow and downplay the gal's over-brandishing of their celebrated and presumed sexual freedom.  For those who idolize the series, SATC2 provides another adventure with characters they love.  For those who don't, realize that some folks do; don't get offended, just see another film or read a good book.<br />Diana Faillace Von Behren<br />\\"reneofc\\"be choices.  The Yohji Yamamoto hat she wears on the plane keeps viewers guessing, \\"Is it a nest for the bird she wore with the Vivien Westwood bridal gown?\\" as does the lavender taffeta floor length lining she pairs with a \\"J'adore Dior\\" vintage tee.  Who would wear such a combo with four-inch heels while shopping in a foreign souk? Samantha's (Kim Cattrall) red dress by the Blonds featuring silver mace-like bulbs on each shoulder seems reminiscent of the padded 80s gone ballistic.  Poor Kristin Davis (Charlotte) and Cynthia Nixon (Miranda) wear a sherbet smorgasbord of all the right clothes for their age group and body type, but somehow manage to get ignored in favor of the more eclectic Parker and age-defying Cattrall.  All in all, most of these fashions seemed subtitled Mismatched Scheherazade; the presentation, especially the little runway stomp in the desert more a slow-motion, hair whipping-in-the-sirocco trailer for a new series season rather than a sequence in a film.      For those who are going to complain that the film contains little realism in the face of recession, think back to the 30s when most of the country faced depression, big stars flaunted furs, dripped with diamonds and supported maids and butlers galore. SATC2 doesn't take itself seriously, so why should we?  Sit back and watch the extravaganza, but beware that the script is devoid of any main storyline.  Carrie & Co. quip back and forth with each other and their men, punning shamelessly they epitomize a sour wit that relies on brand name recognition and other accoutrement of privileged life. Unfortunately, other than Samantha hawking her natural hormone replacement solutions and Charlotte confessing that motherhood can be exhausting (even with help-OMG!), our four favorite fashion oracles have little to offer in terms of real time wisdom other than a genuine love for each other.    We still love them no matter what they do--Samantha's suicidal shooting of the bird amidst a hostile groupingof gallibaya clad men while in the spice market comes quickly to mind with an eye roll that reminds me that these characters have become iconized like the diabolical Hannibal Lector as symbols of our American culture.  And we, as a mainstream audience <groan>, will defend them to the death.    Bottom line? In SATC2, director and writer, Michael Patrick King, allows fans of the HBO series to go on the ultimate road trip with their favorite foursome. Surrounded by all fluff and no substance, Carrie and the gang age but don't seem to garner much wisdom; they want instead to stay sexy in any city whether they can pull it off or not.  Whatever they do, these characters have stood the test of still having staying power for over a decade, allowing the audience the vicarious indulgence of all things slick, opulent and simply outrageous.  This character recognition and acceptance into the American hall of TV legends seems to give the filmmakers carte blanche, putting the group in more and more outrageous situations that require desperate means and a good sense of humor to undo.  The film's plot meanders, not down a street called Straight but, in the middle of Abu Dhabi where some pretty silly and sometimes disrespectful comments regarding Middle Eastern mores overshadow and downplay the gal's over-brandishing of their celebrated and presumed sexual freedom.  For those who idolize the series, SATC2 provides another adventure with characters they love.  For those who don't, realize that some folks do; don't get offended, just see another film or read a good book.   Diana Faillace Von Behren  \\"reneofc\\"
1410425363|5.0|i LOVED the percy jackson series and i knew that there was going to be another series. when i got the book i LOved it 2. it is very good and i think people who like percy jackson should try and read it 2.I cant wait for the 2nd 1.
1423113381|5.0|The Kane siblings are with Dad when he kind of accidentally blew up the Rosetta Stone and the British Museum. The local cops aren't real happy about that and the siblings get thrown out of England. They discover that they are up against Ancient Egyptian magicians and Ancient Egyptian Gods, neither of whom necessarily feel positive towards the Kane siblings. But the one Goddess pretty unambiguously on their side is Bastet, my favorite Egyptian goddess! Lots of excitement and adventure, and two more books after this one! I can't wait!
159562015X|5.0|Great book and idea to help people find their strengths and use this knowledge to become a better person both personally and professionally
B000ZELISO|3.0|This is the slowest, least entertaining movie in the series, but since the novel consisted mostly of flashbacks to Tom Riddle's past, there wasn't much director David Yates could do with it. This movie, and Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix before it, are the \\"indie art films\\" of the series, with a grainy monochrome look (Yates seems partial to blue or amber), artsy camera angles, and s-l-o-w-w-w pacing. There's another problem with Half Blood Prince. Though Daniel Radcliffe, Rupert Grint, and Emma Watson had their English accents from the beginning, I could always understand them. Not this time. They fumfer and mumble and I could not comprehend anything they said. The older Brit actors--Michael Gambon, Alan Rickman, Jim Broadbent, etc.,--are fine in this regard. The acting is terrific, and Tom Felton as Draco Malfoy is genuinely affecting. The big set pieces--attack on The Barrows, \\"Inferi Island,\\" the--well, this CAN'T be a spoiler by now but look away if you've been hibernating--murder of Dumbledore (though the subsequent chase and splendiferous funeral from the book are missing). The most entertaining parts of the movie are the ones dealing with Ron and Harry's slow realization of which girls they love. If you want to collect the whole set of Potter movies (like me), the film looks and sounds beautiful on Blu-Ray (but VERY dark). As a stand-alone, I'd give it a sold \\"eh.\\"
0385504225|4.0|Non-stop, warp-speed page-turner that is hard to put down.  A thriller.  Unfortunately Brown has written an unnecessary anticlimactic ending which let me down from the high excitement of the book.  But if you like suspenseful, fast-paced novels, go for this one.
B002VPE1AW|5.0|Takes you away to another world where the hero fights to do the right thing.  A story that has been told before but in such a beautiful way and with wonderful environmental messages for young and old.  A movie you can watch over and over and enjoy it more each time.  A great Friday night popcorn and family video.
0393072231|5.0|The intricacies of how Wall Street works, and doesn't work, are laid out as never before. The story is incredible and, since the world of Wall Street is so remote from just about everyone's experience, almost hard to believe.  In fact Lewis reveals that even the CEO's did not/could not understand what their companies were involved in: only a small number of multi-billion dollar traders manufactured and managed the incredible boondoggle that almost brought down the financial systems of the world.  Prepare to read and learn a new language as Lewis conducts you through a Byzantine nether world.
B00004TXJT|3.0|If you're into car chases, explosions, senseless shootings in which<br />nobody gets hurt, tall bosomy leggy beauties, nagging mums, bad<br />Germans, dumb cops and Marseille, this film is your heart beating. If<br />not... you will be watching your wristwatch, it'll be long 90<br />minutes for you.<br /><br />Don't expect anything close to believability and plot. The beginning's<br />race of the pizza delivery (!) is creative, and adequate choice of<br />music makes it part of cinema history. The other car chases, including<br />of course the one with the German baddies over the short bridge, are<br />what makes this film stand apart. Were it spoken in American English<br />one would think this is popcorn cinema. Being directed by Luc Besson...<br />I understand it's a French classic, maybe its biggest merit lies in the<br />fact it's French, that they could wind up \\"being American\\" *(such a<br />\\"French\\" obsession, by the way). Its drawback may be just that: it being<br />French, I expected more: subtlety, intelligent humour, sociological<br />points, dark, seedy characters. Instead, we get a good American commercial movie.<br /><br />Enjoy like a pink bubble gum.<br /><br />PS: Marion Cotillard looks gorgeous like a selfish gal, Fr&eacute;d&eacute;ric Diefenthal overacts, but the plot makes it impossible not to, \\"Emma Wiklund\\" is an appropriate nymphet, whereas Samy Naceri is a surprise. He gives soul to a cardboard role. Mme. Gorary's Camille (&Eacute;milien's mum) gives adequate comic relief.
B0032JTV6U|2.0|Like many, I bought the first volume of Season 1 and now will wait for the - SECOND VOLUME of season one - forever apparently (???) - oh well - I can wait
B0032JTV6U|1.0|They need a Glee season one volume 2. I already own 13 of the episodes. Why would I pay another $42 to own them again? Insanity.
B003NDC07M|5.0|I haven't enjoyed a cd this much since Florence and the Machine's \\"Lungs\\" from last year. Marina Diamandis is like a mixture of Regina Spektor, Kate Nash, and Santigold with dare I say it, a little Katy Perry attitude thrown in. But make no mistake, Marina has her own distinct voice and unique interpretation on a genre that is starting to gain in popularity. Marina has till this point received virtually zero recognition in the States, and I sincerely hope with this lp people everywhere will gain an appreciation for this wildly talented artist.<br /><br />If I had to describe this album in one word-it would simply be fun. From the catchy, intelligent lyrics to the sic beats with an underlying dance vibe, this is an album that will make you smile and probably tap your feet to as well. I really appreciate the inclusion of several different instruments into the music as well, making the music just as intricate and entertaining as her lyrics. The actual music is pretty diverse as well with bubblegum pop, punk, disco glam, and cabaret all making appearances, though all of it falling firmly in the adult pop category. Despite the range of different musical styles, the cd is extremely cohesive in large part to the upbeat tone that pervades every track even the intense emotional tracks like \\"The Outsider\\" and \\"I Am Not a Robot.\\"<br /><br />Marina has a very interesting voice quality that I suspect could get on some people's nerves especially when she purposefully sings odd lower notes sometimes. However, I love it. I think it's just the right amount of different but still accessible and not too weird. In general though, while not broadway material, it's pleasant and powerful with a tremendous amount of delicious attitude.<br /><br />Marina has something new and fresh to offer, and if you like good music I would highly recommend this album!
1402760663|5.0|I already had a paperback edition ,but this book is so beautifully excecuted ,that I can't leave it in the bookcase.<br /><br />H.Veraart
030745455X|4.0|This book continues the fantastic adventures of Lisbeth Salander, one of the most fascinating heroines you'll ever come across.  I would give this book five stars, except that in a couple of parts, the writing bogs down just a little bit.
B001C09KD0|5.0|Great book...I keep buying it and giving it to friends.[[ASIN:0143038419 Eat, Pray, Love: One Woman's Search for Everything Across Italy, India and Indonesia]]
B001PPGAIA|5.0|I totally enjoyed this movie. When it came on TV I would watch it no matter what time if went off. The first time I saw it I cried. The description stated it was used, but the movie was sealed in the plastic. I don't think it was used. I have never gotten a bad dvd from Amazon. I appreciate getting exactly what I am paying for. Once again the condition of the dvd was great. It is such a great movie to watch. Good do overcome evil in the end
1416572287|4.0|I am still reading this book. It was recommended to me by a Physics teacher. He stated anyone could understand Physics with this book. He also told me it was similar to\\"_______ For Dummies\\".  I am finding it still a bit challenging. I am hoping my granddaughter will read it before she takes physics.
B001HN694K|2.0|everyone knows that the Jabberwocki should have rightly made a meal of Alice and given control of Underland back to the Red Queen, she's a real looker you know.I would have loved to be cast as the King to her Queen since she wouldn't have had to off me like she did to the King of Hearts.
B001HN69AY|2.0|I hesitate to dump on Terry Gilliam, because his movies offer such opulent eye candy.<br /><br />Still, I cannot overlook the paper-thin characters and flimsy plot on display here.  This film feels like a very feeble retread of the much better \\"Adventures of Baron Munchausen.\\"  And many found that film a trifle in itself.<br /><br />I'm afraid I must suggest to Mr. Gilliam that if he can't conjure better stories and characters, he would do better to create works of art in a static medium, like paint or graphics, and leave film to better storytellers.<br /><br />This film is worth a rental just for the eye-popping visuals, but not a purchase IMO.
0321647440|1.0|I was really looking forward to this book in ebook format,and bought it as  Kndle book.  What a disappointment!  The book is written to use DVD that comes with the paper version and no provision has been made to get the sample files if you buy the ebook.  So, my effort to save paper and plastic appears to be all for naught, and i own a book that is all but useless.  The link that is referred to by another review comes up empty.   The publisher has responded that there are no files available on line to support the book.
0312944926|3.0|I would have to say I enjoyed this book.  However, I'm not sure I enjoyed it in the way the author intended.  I chuckled through the book at the complete lack of knowledge of codes and mathematics, the cliff hanger chapter endings where you could guess what was going to happen, and the total give away of the \\"villain\\" almost from the very beginning.  If you want a fun summer read without much thinking, I suggest this book.  If you're looking for a tightly paced thriller or a peak into the actual workings of code breakers and government intelligence agency...this probably is not the place to go.<br /><br />By the way, the computer/math aspects of this book are as completely far-fetched as the religious aspects of Dan Brown's more widely known books, The DaVinci Code and Angels & Demons.  Wouldn't it be awesome if programmers and cryptologists staged protests for this book like religious groups protested the other Brown books?
0060794410|5.0|A must for anyone who wants to be more than just ordinary. Highly recommend this!
B0032JTV6U|5.0|Glee is fantastic. I don't know if Fox knew what a great response they'd receive when they first aired this show last fall, but it's become a mega-hit. Our family loves watching it every week, and my daughter aspires to join her high school's show choir now.<br /><br />For all of you that got 'suckered' into buying the first volume at Christmas: Fox gave a good deal of you exactly what you wanted: something awesome to purchase for the holidays. However, after hearing that the season would resume after the Olympics, my family opted to wait until the season actually -finished- to purchase the DVD/Blu-Ray (we'll be ordering the Blu-Ray, since we like that format a bit better). You don't have anyone to be angry with but yourselves for buying it early - midseason. You got exactly what you paid for - half a season of a show, with no guarantee that a second volume would be released.
B0032JTV6U|5.0|This edition gets 5 stars from me although I did give the volume 1 release a 1 star rating. This is how Glee should have been released in the first place, in a COMPLETE SEASON set. I understand why people who bought the volume one are upset, but at the same time, no one was forced to buy the volume one release. Yes, it was sneaky of FOX to issue a \\"Volume 1\\" when they had no plans for a \\"Volume 2,\\" but anyone who actually read the reviews before they purchased volume one would have realized that FOX clearly had no plans for a second volume. Many people wrote reviews, saying things like \\"Don't but this release, don't let FOX rip us off\\" or \\"Let's teach FOX a lesson, don't purchase this!\\" and so on. The sad thing is most people ignored the warnings and bought the release anyways and are now complaining about this release even though they will probably end up buying this set as well. I was seriously tempted to buy the volume 1 release HOWEVER I held out instead because I knew this would happen. Don't go freaking out on FOX, they have every right to release their show in as many editions as they choose. Who knows, a couple years down the line they may decide to release a \\"Special Collectors Edition\\" for season 1. However, I do feel bad for fans who bought the volume 1 thinking it was the complete first season, but studios do what is best for the studios, even if that means irritating a few fans. Its up to the consumer to make decisions about whether they are going to purchase the product, and everyone should make sure to thoroughly research a product  before buying. Many customers knew the risks when they bought the volume 1 edition, and I know that equal amount of customers were happy just to have Glee episodes in their hands so early in the season regardless of whether FOX planned to release the 2nd volume. Next time, wait it out though before you buy the release, or buy it and don't complain about getting what you paid for.<br /><br />Now on to this release. This is a seven-disc set planned to be released September 14th. Unlike the past volume release, which has little to no bonus features, the complete season set will have extended episodes, sing-along karaoke, a behind-the-scenes look at 'The Power of Madonna' episode, 'Glee' makeovers, never-before-seen 'Sue's Corner' segments, a dance tutorial and more. I haven't heard anything about episode commentaries, but hopefully there will be some of those as well.<br /><br />As stated earlier, there are NO PLANS by FOX to release a 2nd volume with the 9 spring episodes as a companion to this volume 1 release. You will have to buy the Sept 14th complete 1st season set if you have already bought release and would like to own the other 9 episodes on DVD. In addition, there was talk earlier in the year about an alleged rebate included in the complete 1st season release so that fans who had already bought the volume 1 release could get some money back because they double dipped. Later on, FOX denied any such rebate, but now it looks likes there WILL BE A REBATE. All the info about this rebate, or \\"Gleebate\\" as FOX has dubbed via a special website FOX has set up.  Just google Gleebate DVD to see the rebate details and how to get ten bucks back.<br /><br />I know it was kinda a low-down move for FOX to release the Volume 1 DVD set, but I can't help but be excited for this new complete season set!!<br /><br />*****UPDATE: Ok I guess we all underestimated FOX! I am very happy though that they have decided to release a 2nd volume of glee for those who bought the first! Now everyone can stop complaining.disc set planned to be released September 14th. Unlike the past volume release, which has little to no bonus features, the complete season set will have extended episodes, sing-along karaoke, a behind-the-scenes look at 'The Power of Madonna' episode, 'Glee' makeovers, never-before-seen 'Sue's Corner' segments, a dance tutorial and more. I haven't heard anything about episode commentaries, but hopefully there will be some of those as well.     As stated earlier, there are NO PLANS by FOX to release a 2nd volume with the 9 spring episodes as a companion to this volume 1 release. You will have to buy the Sept 14th complete 1st season set if you have already bought release and would like to own the other 9 episodes on DVD. In addition, there was talk earlier in the year about an alleged rebate included in the complete 1st season release so that fans who had already bought the volume 1 release could get some money back because they double dipped. Later on, FOX denied any such rebate, but now it looks likes there WILL BE A REBATE. All the info about this rebate, or \\"Gleebate\\" as FOX has dubbed via a special website FOX has set up.  Just google Gleebate DVD to see the rebate details and how to get ten bucks back.     I know it was kinda a low-down move for FOX to release the Volume 1 DVD set, but I can't help but be excited for this new complete season set!!    *****UPDATE: Ok I guess we all underestimated FOX! I am very happy though that they have decided to release a 2nd volume of glee for those who bought the first! Now everyone can stop complaining.
B002ZRPQ5K|5.0|Granted I am probably older than most people who submit reviews on this website, but having purchased all of Keane's CD's, I have to say that this is my favorite.  I can't stop playing these songs.  Very seldom do I like all of the songs on a CD or album, but I like each one on this CD.  I do realize that there are far fewer songs than on most CD's and that Stop for a Minute is repeated in beatnik form, but I don't care.  I prefer quality to quantity.  Over the years, I have purchased hundreds of CD's and albums, only to find that I like one or two songs at best.  I enjoy these songs tremendously, especially Stop for a Minute, Your Love, Looking Back, and My Shadow.
B002VECM6S|5.0|Sandra Bullock won an academy award for the film and well she should.  Story is interesting and pulled at you heart.  It is a wonderful film.
0385528752|5.0|I think it's a very easy to read, useful book with lots of stories that will keep you reading to the end of the book. Another winner!
B0000AZJXQ|5.0|This is a great album from APC. I like how it goes through the 12 steps within the album, and the final step being the recovery. It's a very emotional album with powerful lyrics and calming yet heavy music at times. I'm not a very big fan of Tool, but this album really surprised me. This is where its at. Standout tracks: Weak and Powerless (will get stuck in your head), The Noose (LOVE the lyrics in this), Blue (cool guitar effects throughout, also catchy), The Outsider (heavier song and single from album), The Nurse Who Loved Me (this is a slower song, but its really catchy and kinda makes you imagine being stuck in a mental institute), Pet (great lyrics again, heavier, catchy).
014241543X|4.0|I loved this book, and can't say anything more than what others have said already.  Adam and Mia's relationship was impressive, her friendship with Kim was a good one, amazingly good for two teen girls.      The only criticism I have is that I struggled with interpreting the ending.  I know that squeezing a hand while in a coma is a good sign, but it was never clear to me if she was staying or not.  I could have used more validation about that.  I would have liked knowing for sure, because I recently read a great book by another author and was sure that she had lived but when I emailed the author she told me no - the girl died!  Another junior fiction novel.  I was happy to hear from the author, but shocked that I hadn't been able to deduce that critical piece of information, so I was unsure about this one.    My daughter, who is 13, just finished reading it, and assured me that she decided to stay by squeezing Adam's hand.  I hope this is the case.  But it's another one of those - should I email the author to make sure I interpreted it correctly?  I think there is a good, relatively hazy but still clear way to let the reader know she is choosing to live, and I felt I needed that.      Did anyone else feel this way?
0743517822|5.0|This book is an EXCELLENT source on money management and priorities in life.  It helps to reinforce what is REALLY important...not status symbols...but family and ways to protect the family financially.  I think I'll be giving this book to friends and family as gifts in the future.  I have already passed it on to my daughter, then went out and bought another copy for myself to read again.
B001QERPDO|5.0|If you like their singles \\"The Man Who Can't Be Moved\\" and \\"Breakeven\\" then you'll love the entire album.  So what are you waiting for?  You're already a Script fan, go pick up a copy!  =D      The only surprise to me was one particular song had the F-Bomb in it, and I didn't realize they were the type of band to say those things.  I'm just a little surprised there wasn't a \\"Parental Advisory\\" logo on the album somewhere.  I buy \\"Parental Advisory\\" CDs all the time, so it didn't bother me, but I'm just saying this as a 'heads-up' to anyone who might be bothered by it.
B002VPE1B6|5.0|EXCELLENT PRICE CAME 4 DAYS EARLIER AND WAS IN EXCELLENT CONDITION AND VERY PLEASE WITH THE SELLER.
030745455X|4.0|I can see this turning into a TV series real fast.  I have really enjoyed it thus far but it is beginning to wear a bit thin.  Move up the pace a little.  I'm an impatient American I guess.  All the same characters plus \\"whose yo' baby's daddy\\"?  I don't know that I will read the third one ....The Hornet's Nest, especially because I can only get it in Hard Cover and I prefer paperbacks as they're easier to hold and read in bed.  Maybe in a year or so when I can find it in paperback and a little cheaper I will get back to Stieg Larsson.  I DO enjoy the computers and electronics.  I just don't want to read anything without a cell phone and a computer these days.
B002MQYOFW|5.0|One of the best and most intense young adult books I've ever read.  My grade seven students couldn't get enough of it, and now I know why.  Highly recommended for any reader of any age that likes the post-apocalyptic theme.  The immediacy of the present-tense narration only emphasized the nightmare scenario of this reality t.v. show gone wrong.  \\"What if\\" indeed...  Read this book!
B002VPE1B6|5.0|Avatar (blue-ray) was worth every penny I paid for it.  Not only do I enjoy this wonderful movie in my home, but we also watched it in a IMAX Movie Theater.  I believe that the people who were involved in making this Epic Movie have made a classic for many years to come.  The Movie Avatar has touched my belief system in ways that have been highly enjoyable & unforgetable.  I will hold this movie with high regard.   Stephanie Schneider
B000HC2LI0|5.0|To me The West Wing was the best TV Drama Series ever; actually nothing even comes close. The characters created are by far some of the best and the writing is in a league of it's own.  Not only does this series educate on the inner workings of the White-house but it does so with both laughter & tears.    I've seen every episode at least 5 times and I know I'll continue to watch them until I leave this earth.  My wife thinks I'm insane and it was her asking if they have a 12 step program for West Wing addicts. Do they, because it would be a great place to meet other people who love The West Wing as much as I do.    I would love for them to have a reunion show or a made for TV movie.  I'm in desperate need for my West Wing FIX!!!!!!
0439796636|3.0|I bought the book after hearing that Steven Spielberg is filming this book right now. To be released  Aug. 2011, a 5 Kleenex movie for sure! The one I got is in play form and is very hard to read. I'll be watching for the novel form. If the cover pictured here is the novel form, please let me know so I can buy the correct one and I'll post a complete review then.
B001C4AFOY|5.0|Loved this movie- a lot of history that is factual and a great love story. A visual pleasure to behold- palaces, wardrobe, and scenery. A+
B00275EHIM|2.0|Jerry Bruckheimer had got to be kiddin' to cast the now over round Gemma Arterton as the quintessential Princess Tamina in the eye of Dastan (Gyllenhaal) and his fellow Persian Empire brothers...WTF, these two stars could well be just because of THAT reason alone! Shame on Walt Disney Pictures!!
B000NOKA0S|4.0|I think this is some of Leonard's best.  It's also his earliest.  Most of the songs are put to finger picking, which goes fluidly with his writing.
B000006SGT|4.0|Certainly a good compilation , but bear in mind the title is a little misleading, or could easily be misunderstood.  This is the complete collection of the first Animals with the producer Mickie Most.   It doesn't contain the songs the first Animals recorded with their second producer Tom Wilson, released on Decca records in the UK. There is a disc covering that period, called The Decca Years, if you buy that and this album, you will have everything from the first Animals , EXCEPT - the US version of We've Gotta Get Out of This Place,(a different recording to the same titled  single released outside America), and the tracks on the US ONLY LP release Animalism.
B0013N3DSE|5.0|Simply the best!  Awesome!!  The best Robin Hood ever--although Disney's Richard Todd version is fantastic also!
B002BSHWUU|5.0|If you are a Beatles fan, and do not own most of the albums yet-this is a great deal.  The bonus material is nice too, but it all comes down to the music.  Its been a joy hearing the lesser know tracks on each album.
B002VPE1B6|5.0|The technology used in making Avatar is simply groundbreaking!  This will change film making for the future.  This Blu-Ray version is awesome!  When I saw Star Wars I was stunned in a way I never have been before or since.  Stunned by all the creativity. Stunned by all the innovation.  Stunned by all the new ideas everywhere in the movie.  I came very close to the same response with Avatar!  If you like great film making, creativity and spectacle in your movie watching (and can look past the obvious tree hugger sub-plot) then this movie-and Blu-Ray -is for you.  Great movie!  Genius!
B000MTFFZY|4.0|I was introduced to this band by their second album, April Rain.  I loved April Rain and thought this album would be more of the same.  It is, and it isn't.  You can tell the band made a subtle shift from one album to the next, but not necessarily in a bad way.  I like April Rain better, (thus the 4 stars) but this album is no slouch.  Frozen is mindblowingly awesome, and The Gathering has to get special mentions.  Those two stood right out to me from the start.  The band has a heavy rock sound from the start and combined with Charlotte Wessels heavenly sounding vocals, this band rocks with a purpose.<br /><br />Its a pity my American brethren can't pull their collective heads out of their asses long enough to understand what good rock music is, and I pray for the day I hear Delain making a US tour.<br /><br />Please Charlotte!  I want to hear your voice in person!!!
0307463745|5.0|Reading \\"Rework\\" is a lot like the experience you get from 37Signals (the company behind Basecamp and many other web-based productivity tools, whose founders wrote the book). 37Signals sticks to their philosophy and they don't care too much if you don't like what they stand for: they believe in it and stick their product development efforts to it. This is highly commendable: sticking to your guns in the face of criticism (which will always be there) is tough. But it can come across as arrogant at times.<br /><br />When/if you get past the discomfort some of the controversial positions from Fried and Heinemeier may generate, you start to see why these guys have been so successful at what they do. They have a firm stand against some wide-prevailing practices: workaholism, growth for the sake of growth, meetings (they call them toxic) and letting your customers outgrow you. At face value, many of these propositions may sound outrageous to most, but give yourself a chance to read through \\"Rework\\": you will not only find yourself questioning some of the things you do in your organization... I bet you will find yourself reading it again and circulating it within your team!
B002VECM6S|5.0|What can you say when Sandra Bullock is in ANY movie....it's bound to be wonderful.  This one was very special because it was a true story and there is no one that could have done a better job.  It was so good, I didn't want it to end.  Everything and everyone in the movie were surpurb.  It lets you know that there are STILL caring people in this crazy world of ours.  I've watched it 3 times now and will do it again.
B0015I2P0Y|5.0|If you've only heard \\"Grounds For Divorce\\", you would be surprised to hear the rest of this album.  \\"Divorce\\" is a a great song with lots of swagger, but it stands alone among the gorgeous, bleeding heart-on-your-sleeve love songs and poignant portraits of lives (or a life) over-whelmed by despair and emptiness and ended too soon (\\"Some Riot\\", \\"Friend of Ours\\").  The humor of \\"An Audience With The Pope\\" adds a bit of levity among these other songs (\\"Starlings\\", \\"Mirrorball\\", \\"One Day Like This\\") which can put you through the wringer emotionally and make you pine away for an intense, nearly transcendent love you don't have, but may hope for or perhaps may have approached in the past. While I can't pretend to know what \\"The Loneliness of a Tower Crane Driver\\" and \\"Weather to Fly\\" are all about (and it probably doesn't matter), they leave me with that same oddly, not unpleasant, sadness that a good, non-comedic, Frank O'Connor story can (a blacked-souled, Irish thing?). Because of the \\"emotional wringer\\" effect of this album, I've found that I have to limit my play of this album - which seems odd given that it is nearly perfect. It's too too good and too intense for a casual listen, it needs to be given the nearly undivided attention it deserves.  If you haven't already, check out Peter Gabriel's lovely version of \\"Mirrorball\\" on \\"Scratch My Back\\" - no drums allowed and gorgeous cinematic strings.
B00275EGWY|1.0|No character development. No story what so ever. The ending with the civilian dieing seemed as if it was forced in there to add some sort of climax to a movie that lacked any direction or understanding.
0316096199|4.0|This book was very interesting.  I would recommend it.  It was a required read for school.
0316069906|5.0|A must read for everyone, an eye opener. For someone like me who has been questioning a lot of \\"why more people and children are getting sick\\", this book explains a lot. I see older people, 92 yrs and above, in a lot better shape than people my age and younger! Information and knowledge are two very powerful tools in life.
B002WY65VU|5.0|I got zombieland dvd in record time and in great shape. It arrived before the delivery date. Thanks for the speed.
B00005OAIE|4.0|it took a long time for me to receive it which was a real bummer.  the CD itself was in great shape and exactly as described by the seller.  maybe they had a busy week?
0525423842|5.0|All of Grisham's heroes always wonder what is the right thing to do. Most other authors of legal thrillers never do that: it is good enough for them that the bad guy is killed or condemned at the end. What Grisham is passionate about is always the moral choices, and it is true for all his books.<br />So, if there is a chance that this passion rubs on a teen, it is wonderful. The book is written with Grisham's usual talent and a good understanding of teens'attitudes. I liked that it is filled with hidden educational tips, either by contrast or by examples, I liked that it is generous and compassionate, but  with such a  a light touch that you do not feel briefed or edified.<br />And to any book that says it is important and fun to learn languages, I would give five stars anyways.<br />Buy this for your teens, it is meant to do good, it is good, and it could be an inspiration.
1439153663|3.0|I had a hard time deciding exactly how to rate this one, and I'll explain why.  \\"The Kitchen House\\" by Kathleen Grissom is a novel I was sure I'd love when I read the blurb.  I'm a history buff, particularly fond of the South, and an avid reader.    First, the parts I loved.  The characters are well-drawn and easy to love or hate, depending on which one we're talking about.  Most points are plausible, which shows the author must have done a great deal of research.  The plot gave this book a storyline I absolutely enjoyed; as I fell asleep each night during the time I read this, I'd wondered about the characters and what would happen to them.      Now onto the parts I wasn't so fond of.  The main problem I had with the prose was that so many large sections were told in a summerized fashion, as opposed to being written in a way that gave the reader more connection with the story, a great example of the wrong side of the 'show vs tell' writers are warned against.  Some historical facts were recited in a teacherly manner instead of being better incorporated into the story.  There were A LOT of redundant areas where the reader repeated the exact same thing over and over and over, which greatly detracted from the story and made me wonder if word count had been an issue.  One example would be when the parentage of a particular person was discussed between different characters in one chapter at least four times using nearly the same wording.  There were a few historical points that I think were a bit off, and the accents could have more accurate.  For example, the main character Lavinia is straight off the ship from Ireland but there is only one mention of her accent and it never shows through in her dialogue.    I was enthralled with the story, but the prose could have been more polished.
B002C39TTQ|5.0|When I first got this title on CD, compact disc technology was still new.  My experience is that I don't like listening to the Smiths in the digital domain.    The remastered vinyl reissue of Meat Is Murder by Rhino is superb.  Nice stiff card stock cover.  It comes with a reproduction of the original printed no-hole sleeve along with a standard white record sleeve.  180 grams makes for a heavy record.  It sounds very good.  Likewise the Queen Is Dead reissue.  5 stars.      My old vinyl pressing of Hatful of Hollow is getting a bit worn.  I would love to see a reissue of that title as well.
0061914177|4.0|I approached Crush It with a degree of scepticism having a good knowledge of branding, business models and the internet. The first chapters didn't really change my mind, not learning a great deal. But the more I read, the more I warmed to Gary's passion and wisdom.<br /><br />In particular, Gary's thoughts of building a community of passionate customers was super and the summary of the various social media applications was excellent for anyone who is unfamiliar with them but more significantly practical ideas and tips on how to use each one.<br /><br />I found the topic of \\"expertise\\" an interesting one. I regard myself as a great generalist, being knowledgeable and widely-read in many different areas: branding, leadership, spirituality, soccer, business models, strategy, and so on, but don't regard myself as an expert in any one area. I'd suggest this maybe many people's struggle but the beauty of the 'net is that anyone can really build an expertise. Pick an area that you're passionate about and use the 'net to consume as much about it as possible. Then monetise that knowledge. And if you don't need to monetise it or don't want to, get out there and share your new found expertise with the world.<br /><br />I love the fact that Gary stressed that \\"success\\", however one defines it, doesn't come easy, there are no short cuts. Hard work, persistence, caring for your customer, are critical and if you don't bring these to the table every single day then your unlikely to Crush It.<br /><br />I've been tossing up a blog idea for a few months now and this little gem was what I needed to inject me with the adrenaline and belief that I can do it. So now I'm off to get started.<br /><br />If you're someone who is new to personal branding & how to build a business on the net, then Crush It is a great guidebook to get started. It's only 140+ pages, easy to read with Gary's direct style (like his videos) and finishes with a great 2 page summary listing the key steps to making it happen - achieving you're own web presence, irrespective of whether you want to make money or otherwise.<br /><br />Highly recommended. Gary, a superb effort, congratulations.nce, irrespective of whether you want to make money or otherwise.    Highly recommended. Gary, a superb effort, congratulations.
B0038M2AZA|5.0|I have taught a course for nearly 50 years for Ph.D. students on how to give a 10-minute scientific talk.  It's tough.  Background, importance, question, rationale, hypothesis, methods, results, summary, conclusions.  This is a standard scientific format.  It's hell.  100% of these talks are incomprehensible disasters.   My course has succeeded well.  I push the students to aim their talks at fifth graders in the hope that professors can follow.  Wrong!  Temple Grandin has taught me to aim the talk at cows.  The students are required to listen to my CD copy of  Terry Gross's interview with Dr. Grandin.  My order is in now when the DVD movie becomes available.  I may buy enough copies so that each student can have their own copy.  In that way PhD's, with a right hemisphere atrophied to the size of a walnut, might get the picture.    Wiltz W. Wagner, Jr., Ph.D.
B000UNYPNA|4.0|First thing first: yes, this IS an amazing release.An updating,if you will,of the \\"shoegazing\\" genre that more-or-less peaked in the late 1990's. One of my personal favorites of the last several years,for sure.Seems the French are REALLY shining in music and films these days,this release is further proof of that claim.    Now with that out of the way, I felt I needed to comment on the \\"Black Metal\\" aspects of this release I keep hearing from various sources - this is as close to Black Metal as,say,Jesus and Mary Chain! \\"Loveless\\"-era My Bloody Valentine is more METAL than this!! Please dont take this as an attempt to detract one from purchasing,as this is GREAT music.Just know what you ARENT getting yourself into!
B001GAPC1K|4.0|I'm a Batman fan, but not that comicbook nerd type that will debate with you \\"who would win in a fight with....\\", that's all just stupid. But coming from Batman, Ironman is the closest thing in the Marvel Universe. There isnt much that I like in the Marvel Universe, but Ironman is definitely the top spot for me, and its all due to this movie! I think Robert Downey was the perfect choice for Tony Stark, and John Favreau did a great job directing. There are probably gonna be those that say, \\"it wasn't true to the comic\\" waaaa waaa, blah blah blah, who gives a crap! I never read comic book ONE with a marvel title, so the idea of creating these films is to attract people like myself, as well as quell the fans. I think this film did both very well.<br /><br />As far as the product itself, it has a great amount of extras! I have yet to listen to the commentary, but I expect good things<br /><br />All in all, it's now made me buy the Civil War series of comics related to this character, so it's worth it on all levels. \\"Then why not give it 5 stars\\", you ask? Because I'm a stingy bastard! How's that?
0393072231|5.0|Lewis wrote Liar's Poker twenty years ago after making so much money as a Solomon Brothers bond trader he could quit and pursue his real love, journalism.  That book and this are entertaining tales of financial greed, cupidity and ultimate collapse.  Full of good character development and promotion of the idea that contrarians succeed in the market, this is a fun read.
159448385X|5.0|Filled with regret, this book catches the reader's soul and pulls it toward the ultimate destiny we all share, the desire to be truly known and loved for that knowing.  Difficult to face the violence our world directs toward those most innocent, this novel causes one to stare at it and confront it.  Every day people suffer similar stories.  Yet, in the midst of pain there is still hope and love \\"planted there by God.\\"  Amen to this novel.  Many thousand splendid thanks to the author for its writing!
B000003CM8|5.0|I love the original Allman Brothers Band. Many years ago, I made a pilgrimage to Macon to pay my respects to Duane and Berry. This was way before they put up that fence around their gravesites, because \\"fans\\" took the footstones and partied on the graves themselves. Anyway, I went to lunch at a restaurant that was used to be a mansion, I think the name was Beales. The waiter asked me why I was in Macon and I told him about paying my respects to Duane and Berry. He told me their first album cover was shot on the side of the restaurant I was eating my lunch in !!!! I would have never guessed it. And to top it off, he told me Duane carved his name into the stone floor where he stood posing. Sure enough it's there along with the outline of his shoes... sorta like Graumanns Chinese theater without the cement.
B0032JTV6U|1.0|I purchased \\"Volume 1\\" like a lot of people did, and I too feel ripped off. Unless they release a Volume 2 at a REASONABLE price (not inflated because they went through the trouble of correcting this), I will not purchase another Glee product. Or maybe I will wait a few years and get someone's used copy at a much reduced price, as long as it isn't Fox getting my money.
B0034DGPEU|5.0|very well written. I had a hard time putting this book down and I do not state this often. other reviews tell you what this book is about so I will not go into that but do disagree that we need to hear more from Belle ... the book was perfect in my opinion and I could see this being made into a movie. I really enjoyed this.
B003A6C67G|1.0|To be honest I have not listened to the remaster of this album. I am sure it will be top notch. But the fact that the Extra DVD features only videoclips and live renditions already included on a previously released DVD which, in turn, belongs to a recent tour and not the actual \\"1987\\" tour, is a bit of a disappointment. In this kind of reissues you would expect something from the same era of the album, just like what Def Leppard did in the Deluxe Edition of \\"Pyromania\\", and the extra CD with the entire live show of 1983 in LA off the \\"Pyromania\\" tour.
1400052173|5.0|Read this book from the Library, and afterwards decided I had to buy it.  A great compelling summer read.
B001DDBCUA|3.0|It's a decent movie, but it wasn't as good as the television series, and it's not as good as the 'Sex and the City 2' movie. However, you need to watch this first movie to get all of the jokes in the sequel. You may want to just rent this one instead of purchasing.
B0030Y11O2|2.0|CAPITALISM: A LOVE STORY<br /><br />STARRING: Michael Moron... I mean Moore<br /><br />WRITTEN BY: Michael Moore<br /><br />DIRECTED BY: Michael Moore<br /><br />Rated: R<br />Genre: Documentary<br />Release Date: 02 October 2009<br /><br />There is perhaps nothing that helps sustain the value of your own personal opinion more, than hearing an opposing one; or better yet an ignorant opposing one. This was exactly the case for me, after watching my first Michael Moore film ever; Capitalism: A Love Story.<br /><br />I very much love the saying `keep your friends close and your enemies closer.' I'm not saying Moore is my enemy, but as we have vastly different views from one another, I will from here-out see all of his films. I enjoy learning and understanding the opposing side's opinion in any conflict every bit as much as I do hearing others that share the same beliefs as me.<br /><br />I thought this film was decent as a documentary, but that does not mean that I agreed with Moore's ridiculous message. He's a brilliant filmmaker, and he goes to great lengths to get his point across and puts a lot of time and effort into his project. I respect that. There are far too many people that complain about an issue to the point of mental and physical exhaustion, and yet do nothing about it. At least Moore is making movies with hopes of evoking a change. Even if you don't agree with him, you can still appreciate his passion to be heard and at times his intentions seem to come from a good place.<br /><br />Michael Moore is a funny and somewhat intelligent guy. I particularly liked the joke he made in reference to the receding hair line of a rich executive. His film was well narrated with interesting and innovative dialogue voiced by Moore himself. It was also filled with probably the most impressive collection of archive footage I have ever seen. It was not a cheap film to make in the least bit. Which the thought of, led me to some pretty interesting discoveries about him on google.<br /><br />I don't like that Moore wants to change America, but I do like that the reason (he claims) for wanting to, is for the benefit of others; not himself. Personal benefit is Moore's biggest objection to capitalism and I can see why. Where his film fails to sell his objection to me, are in two huge conflicts with the film itself. The first of which being what I mentioned in the previous paragraph, in regards to my google discoveries; they completely contradict his self righteous claims. Moore is a huge capitalist himself!<br /><br />According to google, he lives in a million-dollar apartment in New York and keeps another million-dollar beachfront house in Michigan for vacations. Oh, and he sends his child to a private school! Here are a couple fun quotes from Moore, \\"I'm a millionaire, I'm a multi-millionaire. I'm filthy rich. You know why I'm a multi-millionaire? `Cause multi-millions like what I do. That's pretty good, isn't it?\\" And there is also, \\"I'm a hypocrite. I admit it. I'm not 100% consistent.\\" - all on google.<br /><br />The second gaping flaw in Moore's philosophy of capitalism is found in his interpretation of the word. Along with several others interviewed by Moore in the documentary, he believes that capitalism is evil, wrong and should be eliminated from our country's lifestyle.<br /><br />At one point, a man being interviewed actually believed and tried to convince us that capitalism is unjust in an ice cream scenario. He basically said that if one man is selling ice cream, and a man in competition with him is also selling ice cream, and if that second man's ice cream happens to be better that the first guy's - then the first guy will go out of business. Well no kidding! What are we supposed to buy a bad product from someone just to keep them in business? Give me a break! Where is the logic in this thinking?<br /><br />Capitalism is not evil or wrong. Much like many other things in life, its taken advantage of by evil and or selfish people. Saying that capitalism is evil and wrong, is no different than saying the same thing about our traffic laws. People speed and run red lights in this country everyday, causing death and serious bodily harm to others. Does this mean we need to eliminate traffic laws because certain individuals choose to disobey them? Of course not. Or you can take it a step further and say that Catholicism is evil and wrong because priests have taken advantage of the sacred trust the religion has granted them, by molesting children who confide in them. Just because there are individuals who screw it up for everyone else, does not mean that it's the system that's flawed.<br /><br />Despite what Moore believes or depicts in his film, capitalism is one of the things our great nation was founded on, and is one of many freedoms that make it the best country on the planet. Let's take a trip back to high school for a moment, and I'll refresh you with the word's definition according to [...]: Capitalism - an economic system characterized by private or corporate ownership of capital goods, by investments that are determined by private decision, and by prices, production, and the distribution of goods that are determined mainly by competition in a free market.<br /><br />Should the rich give to the poor? Yes. But should they be forced to? No; that would be socialism. Is our country perfect? No; but what country is? And we are still the best. I've said it more than once already, but I'll say it again - we are the best! Would it be nice if everyone had healthcare across the nation? Absolutely. But where are all of these trillions of dollars going to come from? And should we force Americans to have healthcare when the vast majority are against this plan? Should we threaten them with jail time if they fail to adhere to the government policy regarding healthcare? No; this is called communism. The government has more than enough control, as it is.<br /><br />One topic Moore takes the time to point out in the film is that airline pilots make less than $20,000 a year. Um, I thought this sounded absurd, and it is absurd. Go ahead and google what pilots make. While some may start out at a low wage, the majority are sittin' pretty to say the least. Moore is a liar. None of the things he depicts in this film are backed up by any substantial evidence other than his word, and sarcastic voice-over. He's a child with a giant microphone, and a lot of idiots are holding onto his every word as if it were the word of Christ and its scary.<br /><br />At one point, Moore actually tires to justify a pilot killing a plane full of people in an accidental crash-landing, because he was stressed out due to his low wage, thus being unable to focus. What? So are people working at fast food chains supposed to be let off the hook if they kill hundreds of people via food poisoning due to their pitiful hourly wages? No! No one is forcing them, or the pilots for that matter, into this line of work. This is America; the land of opportunity for God's sake! Come on Moore!<br /><br />Rather than focus on the facts, Moore is pre-determined with shoving propaganda down our throats. The root-word of documentary is document right? Thought so. Watch how he refers to Germany and Japan in reference to World War II. Where was he going with this?  Did he forget Pearl Harbor? The Holocaust? Much like ignorant people who live in a country, but fly the flag of another country and parade it around downtown, slamming the country they currently reside in; Moore is equally offensively moronic. If these other countries are so great - why don't these people live there? Hello?<br /><br />However, as upsetting as these people make proud Americans, in a strange way it's a beautiful compliment to our nation; because it is more than fair that Moore and his league of morons can deface her. It's their God given right to express their opinions, as is it for Moore to make this film.<br /><br />This is America afterall, and we are the good guys. In one of several other countries that he has yet to move to after bashing his own, Moore would have been slaughtered for what he's done here. Isn't America great Moore?bsurd, and it is absurd. Go ahead and google what pilots make. While some may start out at a low wage, the majority are sittin' pretty to say the least. Moore is a liar. None of the things he depicts in this film are backed up by any substantial evidence other than his word, and sarcastic voice-over. He's a child with a giant microphone, and a lot of idiots are holding onto his every word as if it were the word of Christ and its scary.      At one point, Moore actually tires to justify a pilot killing a plane full of people in an accidental crash-landing, because he was stressed out due to his low wage, thus being unable to focus. What? So are people working at fast food chains supposed to be let off the hook if they kill hundreds of people via food poisoning due to their pitiful hourly wages? No! No one is forcing them, or the pilots for that matter, into this line of work. This is America; the land of opportunity for God's sake! Come on Moore!      Rather than focus on the facts, Moore is pre-determined with shoving propaganda down our throats. The root-word of documentary is document right? Thought so. Watch how he refers to Germany and Japan in reference to World War II. Where was he going with this?  Did he forget Pearl Harbor? The Holocaust? Much like ignorant people who live in a country, but fly the flag of another country and parade it around downtown, slamming the country they currently reside in; Moore is equally offensively moronic. If these other countries are so great - why don't these people live there? Hello?     However, as upsetting as these people make proud Americans, in a strange way it's a beautiful compliment to our nation; because it is more than fair that Moore and his league of morons can deface her. It's their God given right to express their opinions, as is it for Moore to make this film.     This is America after all, and we are the good guys. In one of several other countries that he has yet to move to after bashing his own, Moore wouldhave been slaughtered for what he's done here. Isn't America great Moore?
0670020478|4.0|In The Element, Robinson aims to show the reader why it is essential that he or she find their element, which he defines as \\"the place where the things we love to do and the things we are good at come together.\\" (p. xiii)  Robinson discusses how there are different forms of intelligence, and an essential part of discovering your element is discovering what type of intelligence you have.  Another step toward your element is finding your tribe--\\"Tribe members can be collaborators or competitors.  They can share the same vision or have utterly different ones.  They can be of a similar age or from different generations.  What connects a tribe is a common commitment to the thing they feel born to do.\\" (p. 105)  Reaching your element depends on you attitude, and overcoming different constraints.    Robinson supports his theories with examples of successful people such as The Simpsons creator Matt Groening, Paul McCartney, Eric Clapton, Meg Ryan, Paulo Coelho, and Vidal Sassoon.  The stories are interesting and inspiring, although I was hoping for more direction on how to find my own \\"element\\".  He also supports his theories about alternative intelligence by giving examples of alternative schools.  When I was in middle and high school (late 1990's to early 2000's), there was already a problem with teachers only teaching to standardized tests; and from the information Robinson presents, it seems that this problem has only gotten worse.  The alternative schools presented by Robinson sound like a very plausible answer to the problem, and I really hope that people with the power to make change read this book.    I was expecting this to be a cheesy, self-help type book, but was pleasantly surprised to find it well-written, well-thought out, and interesting.  If you feel like you'll never find your true passion, I definitely recommend this book; while it may not tell you exactly how to find your element, it can give you some good ideas of where to start.
B0032JTV6U|1.0|I love this show, and couldn't wait to own this show when the first half of the season came out on DVD in December 2009. Now, of course, Fox is releasing the entire first season and there is no current possibility of owning only the second half of Season 1 on DVD. What a ripoff and slap in the face to the loyal customers who purchased the first half of this amazing season.
B0019FOC5E|3.0|I love this music, and the soundtrack is a lot of fun.  However, I am not of fan of Brosnan's voice, and while I love Meryl Streep and her voice, I think she was miscast. While I usually do enjoy covers, I think in this case, listening to the original is better.[[ASIN:B000297VQA Voice Lessons To Go Volume 1: Vocalize and Breath]]
B002ZG98Z0|5.0|This movie was much better than the first one because it's much more like the television series. It's worth your time to watch it.
B00362DRNG|4.0|As a Duranie since 1983, I was a bit hesitant to purchase this remastered collection (The PRICE was a bit high.) WOW. I am glad I did. I bought the remastered Rio specifically for the demos (Let's face it.... most Duranies own Canival etc.) The Demos on this are spectacular and surprising. ANY fan is going to love hearing these very RAW versions. As a Nick fan in the 80s and an Andy devotee in the last decade, I have been a bit torn lately, and listening to this collection was no exception. On the one hand, the guitar is much more present on the Demos than on the original releases. However, one can also appreciate how the synthesizers really polished some rough gems. This was well worth the price, but I  can't help but miss ALBUM covers.
0061703257|5.0|This is the first Dennis Lehane book I've read. After finishing Shutter Island just now, I would describe the feeling as \\"intellectual creepiness.\\"  It reminds me of the feeling after reading a Poe short story or how I felt after watching the film K-Pax.  Lehane makes much use of metaphor (or is it allegory?), which is trying at first.  As the plot develops, one is drawn into the characters, their psyches and emotions. The story also must remind one of the darkest days of psychiatry and mental health facilities in the first half of the Twentieth Century.  I highly recommend this book and look forward to reading more from Dennis Lehane.
0307454541|2.0|Reading this book is like eating the entire stuffing of a sofa: its filling, but has no food value.  The protagonist himself is robotic, stuffing-like.  If a hot iron fell on his head he would say, Well, let's have a coffee and think about this.  Duh.  We are told what he thinks and feels but he is dovoured utterly by the absolutely neutered feel for language that this author foists on us as writing.  It's not writing, its styrofoam.  And in this book there are wads of it.  You must labor ahead over pages and pages of descriptive, documentary accounts just to see Who Dun It.  The author is not a writer, he is an accountant.
B002ZG98Z0|2.0|With the possible exceptions of my reviews for \\"Fanboys\\" and \\"Mamma Mia!,\\" I don't think anything I've written has been as universally despised as my 2008 review for \\"Sex and the City,\\" a film I described as, \\"one of the longest two-and-a-half hours I've spent at the movies this year, and that's mostly because it didn't need to be two-and-a-half hours.\\" I went on to say that it was, \\"as over-inflated as the characters themselves, some of the most annoying, artificial, selfish women ever conceived of.\\" Oh, but I made some people mad. And I'm going to do it again. That's because I'm up against a dedicated fan base, which now has \\"Sex and the City 2\\" to cherish. Just like before, the intended audiences will leave the theater with big, dopey grins on their faces, as if they downed more than a few particularly heavy Cosmopolitans.    But what are people like me left with? What about those who aren't deluded into thinking that shameless consumerism and shallow ideals qualify as escapism? Shouldn't movies in some way have all audiences in mind and not exist in a closed universe? \\"Sex and the City 2\\" - just like its predecessor - is nothing more than an in-joke for the fans, one that confuses inane sitcom dialogue with genuine wit, trivialities with compelling emotional drama, and tasteful fashion with gaudy displays of fabric and color. It also mistakes featherbrained fashionistas with authentic comedic personalities, our four friends possessing little if any redeemable qualities that would make them seem like actual people. I've been told that \\"Sex and the City\\" is a fairy tale. I don't think so. \\"Hansel and Gretel\\" is a fairy tale; this is daydreaming run amok.    The plot involves Carrie Bradshaw (Sarah Jessica Parker), Samantha Jones (Kim Cattrall), Miranda Hobbes (Cynthia Nixon), and Charlotte York (Kristen Davis) going on an all-expenses-paid trip to the emirate of Abu Dhabi, the result of Samantha's fateful meeting with a wealthy sheik who wants publicity for his hotel. They fly on the sheik's private airline and are provided with first class cabins so luxurious, they're like miniature rooms. Once they arrive at the hotel, they're placed in $22,000-a-day suites and given access to all sorts of excessive amenities, including their own private butlers. Once they settle in, they decide to take a tour of the city's market district. Actually, it would be more accurate to say that they strut around the city, wearing clothing so bright and tacky, it's as if they survived an explosion at a textile mill.    Now, what exactly is the theme here? Apparently, it's the institution of marriage, although I find that hard to believe given how unrealistically it's explored. Consider the central conflict: Carrie and her husband, Mr. Big (Chris Noth), are in a rut because she prefers nights out on the town and he prefers to sit on the couch and watch black and white films on their big screen TV. I think the real problem here is that there isn't a problem. If he were having an affair, or if she was neglecting her children, okay, then there would be a problem. But he's been faithful, and they have no children, and they live in an apartment most of us can only dream of living in. So what it really boils down to is that Carrie is needlessly nagging her husband, a man so unbelievably boring he can't even raise his voice beyond a monotone hum.    This theme is also explored with Charlotte, who finds herself on the verge of motherhood burnout and in need of a break. I find this odd given the fact that her children are raised almost entirely by their nanny; the closest we get to a meaningful moment between mother and children is a scene in which they bake dozens of cupcakes, cheapened by Charlotte's yakking on the phone at the same time. The moment is ruined when the older girl plants her dye-stained hands on her mother's rear end, leaving prints on her vintage Valentino. Here's a piece of advice: If you're going to bake with young kids, who are naturally inclined to be messy, you probably shouldn't be wearing expensive designer clothing.    As for the nanny, she's an Irish bimbo who never wears a bra, a plot point that doesn't faze Charlotte until it's so helpfully suggested that it might lead to an affair with her husband. She then spends the rest of the film neurotically trying to reach him on her cell phone, despite the eight-hour time difference.    Other touches, like Samantha's hormonal treatments to maintain her overactive sex drive, are just juvenile attempts at menopause humor. An early scene at a gay wedding, designed to look like the set of an MGM musical, is an overblown spectacle of tiresome stereotypes. It's not at all helped by the inclusion of Liza Minnelli, who, as far as I know, has no credentials for performing a marriage ceremony. And I was especially turned off by a scene late in the film of Muslim women revealing that they wear designer clothing underneath their burqas. This isn't a feminist statement - it's an indecent example of materialism. Much like the film as a whole; \\"Sex and the City 2\\" is all style and no substance, an airy, superficial, petty display of glitzy excess. There's nothing to be gained by watching movies like this.
B0016MOWP0|3.0|A pretty early movie of Keanu Reeves. Some think he's not very polished yet, but I like it.
0956031609|4.0|Sensitive, evocative, interesting characters shine throughout this novel.  The reader feels moved by the situation, and cares about what happens to Amina and Miriam as each chapter unfolds.  One is left feeling that these women will indeed have a future together, even when all odds seem stacked against them. Immensely enjoyable!
B002S0OBN2|1.0|Not calling this show a sequel does not excuse or allow for a reconstruction of past history written/composed by the same person/group when basing a new show on those prior characters and past events.  In fact this is not fair to prior customers who absolutely adore the Phantom of the Opera and come to this score, or show, based upon that fact.  Everyone is very careful in writing not to give any of the plot surprises away but some of us will/would walk out or turn off the recording when faced with absoluteloy incongruous changes when listening to the music or reading the libretto (or I assume seeing the show).  Thus my rating regardless of the quality of the music, which does contain on of his best ballads ever.
B001FB5634|4.0|There is something about the Apocalypse and post-apocalyptic worlds which kindles fascination in the minds of many.  It makes for an exciting setting and backdrop for both books, movies and video games and often comes across as \\"cool\\", no matter how brutal life is portrayed.  You see pain, you see suffering, you see exploitation and you see death, but you want more.  At least I always did, as did most people I knew who were fans of the genre.  The Omega Man, The Road Warrior, Doomsday, I Am Legend and the more recent The Book of Eli were just plain awesome movies where you couldn't help but want to check that world out for yourself, at least temporarily.    The Road does away with these foolish fantasies.  The world is grim and forsaken just as in other movies but it is in no way inviting.  I wanted no part in what it's dying civilization had to offer and this was all because of one simple reason, fear.  The sense of vulnerability and paranoia was constant throughout the film.  The story is about a boy and his father, two ordinary people living in extraordinary circumstances.  The father is no superman, he is thin, frail, getting up there in years and carries nothing more than a pistol with two bullets.  These bullets aren't even for defense, they are for himself and his boy should they find themselves in a desperate situation they wish to avoid.  I have not read the book but when I first heard of the movie and saw Viggo Mortensen as the lead, I thought for sure he would be his usual butt kicking self to keep his son safe.  I actually looked forward to seeing him cut down enemies as he did in Lord of the Rings, A History of Violence and Eastern Promises and was even dismayed at first when I realized his character in this movie was nothing like his past action roles.  That dismay sooned faded away as I became completely engrossed in this film's storytelling.    The story itself is simple enough, and I don't want to give out any details, the jist of it is that a man and his son are headed to the coast and are constantly scavenging for food.  There are brigands all about, roaming in packs, raping, cannibalizing and looting as they see fit and the father sugar coats none of these harsh realities to his boy.  He lets him know exactly what will happen if he trusts the wrong person.  The viewer follows the father and son throughout the film and as things progress, you become just as parnoid as the father, worried about every shadow, every sound and every stranger.  Living in such a constant state of fear would be agonizing enough if it were just your own well being you had to look out for, but imagine if it was an innocent child, your own blood, that you were trying to protect?  Exactly what are you protecting him for anyways?  An uncertain future in a dying world?  Amidst all this chaos and depravity, the father not only protects his child and teaches him how to survive, but he instills good morals in his boy and emphasizes that they are the \\"good guys\\".  By doing this, he is preserving the innocence of childhood in his son, something we only experience once in our lives and can never get back, and he does this in a wretched world where unspeakable acts are spoken about regularly.    The cinematography is beautiful, creating the gray and uninviting look you would expect this dead world to have.  The acting is top notch and convincing, and the direction hits the nail on the head by guiding the film in a slow but determined pace.  There is nothing cool, edgy or exciting about a post-apocalyptic world.  The Road is a good smack in the face to all the naive dreamers out there.  There is no Mad Max or Denzel to protect the innocent, just a day by day struggle for survival where death is described as one of life's \\"luxuries\\".
0385523904|5.0|Barbara Demick uses the lives of several North Korean defectors to illuminate the incredible level of control the Kim regime exercises over North Koreans, and the way in which the Kims have turned themselves into a religious cult and convinced the Korean people of their innate superiority despite the fact that the country is, by any measure, a failed state. The individuals profiled by Demick quietly watch the children they teach, the patients they treat, their family members and their friends starve to death during the late '90s, and no-one talks about it because to state aloud that people were starving was a public acknowledgement of the Dear Leader's failure. The chapters describing the experiences of the individuals she profiles during the famine really illustrate the banality of evil; an entire nation watches many of its number starve in silence.    This book really illuminates the huge problem North Korea represents not just to its immediate neighbors, but to the entire world. The South Koreans are afraid to let it fail completely, because they will then be confronted with 'reunification' with a nation of half-starved, undernourished, poorly educated, brainwashed, unskilled people who will be either angry because they've been duped by the Dear Leader and look foolish to the rest of the world, or angry because they still love the Dear Leader and believe they are some sort of master race. Demick makes clear that North Koreans spend a lot of time in school, but most of it learning how great the Dear Leader is; their scientific equipment is backwards, and what resources they do manage to garner from supporters, such as China and (formerly) Russia, are devoted to military projects or to the comfort of the Kims and their henchmen.    I highly recommend Demick's excellent and thoughtful book.
030726999X|3.0|I gave this three stars as a place holder.  I'm only on page 63 and I've already encountered multiple cliches and trite expressions.  \\"Quiet as a mouse,\\" anyone?  \\"...in the nick of time\\"?  How about Salander being \\"extremely aggravated\\" after the doctor finished examining her.  What was being aggravated?  Wouldn't \\"irritated\\" do just as well?  I want to like this book but I don't like the flow of reading interrupted by cheap writing.<br /><br />Is this a new translator, I wonder?  Or was Larsson just tired by the third book?
B002VPE1AW|5.0|For its visuals, ten stars.    When it comes to computer animation, I'm a hard sell, but I loved everything visual in this film. There were just tons of fabulous scenes.    For concept, the idea is simply, well, off the planet. Another ten stars.    In fact, I bought into the whole concept so hard, I almost didn't care when the cliché-riddled, seen-it-a-million-times main plot kicked in and the plot stars fell all the way away.    No stars for the plot.    What a sad thing it must be to be a filmmaker, to have a Dune-like message in your hands and be forced to sell it out so that the multitude of morons will \\"get it.\\" Zero stars for carry through of the idea.    Still, despite the crappy plot, the Bucky Beaver smile of Sigourney Weaver's laughable Avatar, the inconclusive ending (the humans should have had their butts kicked off the planet), the fact that we were never shown why unobtanium was so special (a really key plot element similar to that of Dune's spice and its importance in space jump travel - in other words, a reason that might have made the desperation of the miners understandable), and of course the shelf-stock bad guys, Avatar remains a pretty good see.    Let's see, ten, ten, zero, zero. 20/4 - gotta give it five, but now you know where it falls down.
0393324818|5.0|I read a lot, on many subjects. I enjoyed The Big Short (which is good, but not as great as Fool's Gold at explaining its subject), so I thought I'd try Moneyball. This is an excellent book. It explained a complex subject at a level that was perfect for me as a person who just enjoys watching baseball. The book is very engaging and well-written. I'll still enjoy baseball as much as I always have, but I'll look at it a little differently now. I'll appreciate the hitter (if he's on my team) who can wear down a pitcher, and a pitcher (if he's on my team) who can get a hitter to hit ground balls. Even though this book totally dismisses the manager's value in strategy and motivation during the game, I'll still appreciate those qualities.
B00005JO20|2.0|What a disappointment. Mr. Jackson, more is not better. Here's my list of what is wrong with this movie:  1. Everything before getting to Kong Island. Before this was over, I was almost asleep. I'm a cheap-ass Scot. I'm resentful of paying good money for a movie and then going to sleep during it! That hasn't happened to me since The Dark Crystal.  2. Naomi Watts NEVER shuts her mouth! Is she a mouth breather? Did Jackson direct her to always look pensive? After an hour (when I woke up), I was OCDing over this.  3. Adrien Brody's nostrils are too big. What else can I say. Doesn't look good when I'm sitting in the theater looking up at a giant projection.  4. The chase scenes go on and on and on... Seriously, dogs won't chase cars this far. I'm not sure why, but there's a reason for this.  5. Shooting bugs off some one with a machine gun!!?? I can believe a 50 ft. ape, living dinosaurs, surviving a nuke in a fridge, but this goes beyond the Pale.  6. Jack Black outruns a herd of dinosaurs. See # 4.  7. King Kong is not scary, he's kind of cuddly. When you've got 21st Century special effects and fail to make a threatening monster something ain't right. For a director to have such an opportunity and then blow it is just plain sad. But Jackson had no one to blame but himself.
B001LF347E|5.0|This is one of the best shows around! My daughter and I look forward to watching it - not just because of the two young handsome actors playing Arthur and Merlin but because of the development of the story.  Each week reveals a little more about Merlin and his destiny with Arthur. We're excitedly awaiting Season 2!
0452286751|5.0|Whereas Atlas Shrugged is a high level all encompassing book the Fountainhead is on a  personal level more of a study on psychology, even though it still has the philosophy  and economics background. It exposes how such an incredibly irrational idea such as slavery (Socialism) can be repackaged and passed off to anyone much less the entire planet as something good. It also explains why the draconian controls by socialism at every level society wide, drive geniuses insane!    It is still written in the same easily and sharply understandable novel form that Atlas Shrugged is. Because it is on par with amazing scale of Atlas Shrugged it is the third best book ever written, some would argue it is second behind Atlas Shrugged but right now in this point in history it is third.
B0039TD7RC|1.0|Anyone who thinks this remastering is an improvement over Bob Ludwig's 1994 version for Virgin should not be commenting on the sound of anything. This remastering has been terribly compressed. The life has been sucked out of it. It's been made small and stupid and someone here has actually posted the measurements proving what those of us who listen for a living immediately heard.    There's no excuse for what was done here. Find yourself the older version or better yet the original vinyl and get to know what good is.
030745455X|5.0|The second in Larrson's Millenium triology is even better, in my opinion, than the first, which I loved! Lisbeth Salander is a compelling protagonist, and this series is the ultimate female revenge story. The writing is solid, the plotting inspired, and the characterization (which may drive readers crazy because Larrson includes so MANY diverse characters) is expert. Readers who struggle with non-American pronunciations may be a bit overwhelmed at trying to \\"hear\\" the Swedish names and locations as they read, but I found myself working to try, just because I wanted to be that much more immersed in a great story! Another caution:  this book has some disturbing violence and a distinctly non-American view of sexuality, but its theme is the failure of governments and law enforcement in the area of sexual exploitation.  Sounds like strange magic, and it is. The final installment came out this week and I bought it!  How tragic for everyone that Steig Larsson died so young!
B000VGMCLI|3.0|Music is wonderful.  In set I got Disk 3 was not as labeled.  Contents were those for Disk 5 Result is Sym 97 missing from set.
B000NY6F48|5.0|This is my favorite Shopaholic book, and (shamefully) one of my favorite reads overall.  The story of Rebecca Bloomwood is easily relatable and funny and engaging at the same time.  The book reads very quickly, and is perfect for when you want something a little lighter than a classic or nonfiction.  One of the best entries into the chick-lit genre, the book is definitely worth a read for any girl.
B003M96VU4|5.0|This is the most amazing show i have watched in a really, really long time, I watched 5 episodes in one days. :) got to love vampires that are some what like twilight.
B002VPE1B6|5.0|The movie was loaded with great speacial affects I love how within the story line it made refrences to different tribes.Which,to me refered to American indians and some brought back memories of the classic animated film Fern Gully about man destroying tress in the rain forest.It's reference to the Mother Tree which they lived in.
159562015X|5.0|This test was very interesting and gave me great insight into how I personally view life, relationships and professional opportunites.  I greatly recommend everyone take this test to better understand their personality and tendencies toward other people.  Fascinating stuff!
B00192IV0O|5.0|My kids and I love the Black Eyed Peas! We turn it up in the car & jam out! This is the perfect cd to do that...lots of music that make you want to DANCE.
B0012GN0JE|4.0|It wasn't hard for Jeff Beck to see the writing on the wall that six years after his previous album [[ASIN:B0012GMXQK There and Back]] that doing another instrumental rock/fusion/funk album was out of the question. Music had changed to such a degree he couldn't keep doing the same thing without being looked at as a complete dinasaur and Jeff Beck was always a progressive musician. What I personally find it hard to understand is a lot of the closed minded (and possibly even somewhat racist in a couple cases) comments I've heard about this album using drum machines and having \\"dance tracks\\". One of the best ideas for this album was bringing in Nile Rodgers for the production on this album. He was very renowned in the production arena in the early/mid 80's and was doing incredible work and tracks such as \\"Ambitious\\",\\"Ecstacy\\",\\"Gets Us All In The End\\" and \\"Stop Look And Listen\\"the Beck sung \\"Get Workin'\\" and \\"Night After Night\\" are extremely slinky and funky,with a mild Rod Temperton/Michael Jackson type flavor in the rhythm here and there and Becks vocals aren't full of ego no but have a sly and likable quality. There's also a great hybrid of funk and new wave synth rock here that showcased how Beck wasn't finished in terms of fresh ideas and new ways to use them. One of the major nose dives on this album is the vocalist on some of the other songs. Jimmy Hall has his certain range but,fact is sometimes he's very off key on some of these songs and has a tendency to oversing. There's only one outside guest artist here and that's Rod Stewart who does a wonderful job on what wound up being a pretty tasteful update on Curtis Mayfield \\"People Get Ready\\" which,as 1985 as the production is the song winds up as something of a highlite. The best song here of course most resembles Beck's music before this and that's the instrumental \\"You Know,We Know\\". It's a very mid 80's midtempo Stanley Clarke-style jazz-funk/pop jam with Beck and the entire arrangement flowing in and out like hot melted caramel. It's got a certain mystery to it and is the only track on this album I'd describe as beautiful because even on more pointed,sequencer charged funk/rock instrumentals such as \\"Nighthawks\\" and \\"Back On The Streets\\" the musical flavor is a bit more aggresive and energetic. It's hard to understand why this album get's so much flack from everyone simply because society has chosen to vilify most pop music of this era for different reasons. In terms of playing,writing and production it's not THE greatest Jeff Beck album that exists but it's certainly not his worst and is filled with a big handfull of excellent songs and a lot of typically imaginative musical ideas from Beck and everyone participating.in and out like hot melted caramel. It's got a certain mystery to it and is the only track on this album I'd describe as beautiful because even on more pointed,sequencer charged funk/rock instrumentals such as \\"Nighthawks\\" and \\"Back On The Streets\\" the musical flavor is a bit more aggresive and energetic. It's hard to understand why this album get's so much flack from everyone simply because society has chosen to vilify most pop music of this era for different reasons. In terms of playing,writing and production it's not THE greatest Jeff Beck album that exists but it's certainly not his worst and is filled with a big handfull of excellent songs and a lot of typically imaginative musical ideas from Beck and everyone participating.
B000M343BM|1.0|5 stars for the movie itself, 0 for the \\"Wild Thing Edition\\".  I already had another copy of this movie, and ordered this specifically for the special features.  Although both this Amazon page and the back of the box claim to have special features including an alternate ending, none exist.
B00004YX39|5.0|By the time of Steely Dan's final album before their self imposed two decade restbit their unique,well oil sound had developed to such an extent that Becker and Fagan had it pretty much down to a science. The three years during which this album was recorded was a turbulant one revolving around record company hassles,Donald Fagan's dislike of LA and Walter Becker's problems and drugs and booze. In basic terms the \\"rock and roll lifestyle\\" had started to get to them to a degree and this was naturally providing an excellent base for them to create new music and was amazing on the lyrical front. So this is very much an album of contrasts all around. Well the music here doesn't variate in a lot of ways from that on [[ASIN:B00003002C Aja]],this album lacks that ones edgier punch to a degree and the production has a far heavier goat of gloss over it. On the flip side of the coin the lyrics here are one lampoon after another about the heavy artifice and phoniness that's known to be part of the upscale LA subculture so in just about every respect this album is loaded with a lot more irony than it's predecessor. You could even say the tone of \\"Babylon Sisters\\" and the sneaky \\"My Rival\\" are fairly creepy more so than Steely Dan's somewhat more obvious attempts in the past to do the same thing. The most telling song on this album is the errily glossy,mildly disco inflected funk-pop of \\"Glamour Profession\\" but with it's lyrics so cloaked in heavy metaphore I doubt many dancefloor goers could move and shake to a song while they were trying to figure out it's meaning which,again is directly aimed at phoniness in the entertainment industry. The title track plays around with this very warped latin-fusion/pop kind of groove with yet another tale which....actually could have a number of meanings so I won't go fully into that. \\"Hey Nineteen\\" and \\"Time Out Of Mind\\" are the two bigger hits here and both have the most resemblance to the previous album in that the grooves and melodies are tight AND the lyrics somewhat more understandable and crowd pleasing. The lovely arrangement of the closer \\"Third World Man\\" belies a somewhat sad tale of phoniness being someones needless undoing and I think there's a moral in here somewhere. There's a weariness on this album that isn't entirely typical of Steely Dan's usually biting approch on all ends and it's actually part of it's own unique flavors. It also completed Steely Dan's first run of albums by making sure that out of all seven albums they put out from 1972 to this one in 1980 that no two were exactly alike.oves and melodies are tight AND the lyrics somewhat more understandable and crowd pleasing. The lovely arrangement of the closer \\"Third World Man\\" belies a somewhat sad tale of phoniness being someones needless undoing and I think there's a moral in here somewhere. There's a weariness on this album that isn't entirely typical of Steely Dan's usually biting approch on all ends and it's actually part of it's own unique flavors. It also completed Steely Dan's first run of albums by making sure that out of all seven albums they put out from 1972 to this one in 1980 that no two were exactly alike.
B002VPE1B6|5.0|Kind of reminds me of an advanced Ferngully but thats just in the story line. Visually its a fantastic flick.
1594201927|1.0|I felt that any Englishmen who could  write a book on America in 2008, that has in the title \\"the demise of America\\" is a profusely uninformed and overly confident in its ability to understand history and economy fool. The author is very average and brings nothing that we didn't already know to the table. Here is what you need to know: Empires run for 400-500 years. America has a long way to go. Go to Washington, DC and you will see what I mean. It is too unfortunate for him, because through free forums such as this one, we can sift through what seems as arrogant foolishness and true quality writing.
B0032JTV74|1.0|THE SHOW GETS 5 STARS!!!!!    I am all for a Blu-Ray release of Glee.  It is a wonderful, original and fun show and I love it!    But...    1. A lot of people feel they should also release a DVD copy of the second half of the season for those customers who bought the first half as Season 1 Volume 1.  I mean, what's the point of naming a product Volume 1 if you're not going to put out a Volume 2.  That's just poor form Fox!    2.  What's with the cover?!!!  Where are the kids?  Rachel and Finn are nice and all but where's the GLEE CLUB?  Kurt?!  Mercedes?  Tina?  Artie?  Even Puck and Quinn?!!!    3.  The extras leave a lot to be desired.  More commentaries?!  I know they are overworking those kids but maybe they could have postponed this release until they could put out something that would satisfy the rabid fans they have created.    Customers like me who are looking for a quality product will definitely be put off by this kind of release.  A shame really because this is a FANTASTIC SHOW.
B002VPE1AW|5.0|Before the movie Avatar came out I thought the previews looked silly and I told everyone I had no desire to see the film.  When the Blu-ray disc came out, I decided to give it a try only because I had already seen almost every other movie that was out at the video store.  It was late at night and I truly expected to fall asleep one-third of the way through the movie.  I could not have been more wrong.  I watched every second of this amazing movie and enjoyed all of it.<br /><br />CGI or whatever they call it these days works so well in this movie that I totally forgot I was watching the impossible.  All the actors did an excellent job and the script, with the exception of the over-the-top corporate meany who was going to farm the land at any cost, was nearly perfect.  I am a die-hard, right-wing, Ronald Reagan-loving Republican, but even with my anti-liberal slant, I have to admit that the plot of this movie is basically how early-America treated the American Indians and their land.  And, the story does it in a way that really makes one wonder why we were surprised when the indians fought back against us.<br /><br />But the movie Avatar is even more than that; it is a movie about understanding the what and why of cultures we are truly far away from, by no fault of our own.  The possibilities of discovery and understanding are always right in front of us...but we must be willing to see and truly listen to what's out there.  Blinding greed is never good for the socialist, the capitalist, or the person who has no idea what either of those words mean.<br /><br />The characters in Avatar are unforgettable, encouraging, and original.  The script and special effects are second to none.<br /><br />If you don't own Avatar on blu-ray, what are you waiting for?  Buy it, watch it, and enjoy it!  The whole movie is a SPECIAL FEATURE!<br /><br />Thanks.<br />See ya next review!
0399230033|5.0|My 18-mo old loved this book so much when we checked it out from the library that we had to get our own copy.  I don't think she really understands the story, but every page has some objects she can point to and name (keys, bed, etc) and she's even worked her way up to \\"go-ril-la.\\" A month later we are still reading it several times every day.  Be aware though, the board book version has a slightly different aspect than the hardback version, and bits of the picture get cut off along the edges.  Nothing crucial, but noticable if you've seen both versions.  The colors were also a lot more saturated in my copy than in the hardback.
0374531269|2.0|Beware This is an extremely disturbing and incredible book.  The author chronicles his experiences as a boy soldier in the 90's in a war in Sierra Leone.  A lot, maybe too many images of really brutal and senseless violence.  You will not soon forget the book.  However, for me something just didn't sound right.  Here we have this person who for whatever reasons gets involved in a war in which he loses all sense of normal or moral behavior, apparently kills dozens if not hundreds of people, some of whom he executes in cold blood, and somehow magicaly survives to visit NYC and eventually write an  account of the whole thing. He also never seems to be held accountable for all the killing, but instead is honored as a speaker.      I didn't find it to be very well written.  I skimmed a lot.  There are several largely unexplained developments in the program.  Also, as with a lot of memoirs, the author seems to have total recall of conversations and happenings that happened years before.  This author was especially suspect to me because he was also by his on accounts in some sort of drug and alcohol induced stupor during the time.  I am not going to be surprised to see this book exposed as a hoax. On of the other reviewers suggested that what actually happened was that the author came to the US heard about boy soldiers in Sierra Leone and decided to write a book.  That sounds about right to me.
B002VPE1AW|5.0|Whatever the parallels between the movie, \\"Avatar,\\" and the destruction of ancient civilizations, perhaps the most poignant link--which most viewers will miss--is between an EMP Attack on America and the catastrophic results shown in the film before its ending.<br /><br />As a blog article of mine points out, the devastation stemming from an EMP Attack would be real and decisive; and maybe 10 percent of Americans would survive, only to be conquered by others. Yes, it seems far-fetched to make comparisons to Hollywood's fantasy films, but this one is real and a wake-up call--albeit unintended by the filmmakers.
0307463745|5.0|Unless you've read all of the 37signals blog and watched Jason and David presenting at conferences, this is a must for any entrepreneur.
B000PDYVVG|1.0|This has been on my \\"to read\\" list for awhile and I should have bought it when the Kindle version was $6.50 - yes - 1/2 the price it is now (just 2 months ago even!)!!!  Penguin has increased all the Kindle prices that for now, I will wait for the library to get it back and not give them anymore of my money.  I am disappointed that I can't read it on my Kindle which I really much rather prefer, but not until this publisher learns a little bit more about customer service. The fact that the Kindle version is $4 MORE than a paperback version really chaps my hide!!
B000AARKOO|3.0|Before I say anything else, let me just say that I really like this movie. Its a great story, cinematography is beautiful, music is wonderous and overall, it a pleasure to watch. My one gripe about actors is that I don't think that Orland Bloom with his effeminine manner, was a good choice as a tough knight.   Having said that, be warned that if you want movie that's historically accurate, this is not it. Actually, I don't think there is anything at all accurate in that movie except maybe characters names(meaning such people have existed but that's all).  Of couse, in this politicall correct world of Hollowood, producers of Kindom of Heaven, couldn't help themselves and had to portray Crusaders(and especially Knights Templars)as bloodthirsty killers and Saracens are honorable and merciful. There were bad things done on both sides during Crusades but do they even know that Crusades started became Muslims took over the Christian cities in the Holy Land and commited numerous attrocities towards their inhabitants who were mostly Christian and Jews? I bet the producers don't have a clue that Templars were protectors of pilgrims who were continuously attacked by bands of Saracens during their travel to Holy Land? No, of course not, that would have been too much to ask of Hollywood.  I watched this movie as a fairy tale and really enjoyed it. I suggest you do the same thing and do not look for this movie to give you accurate portrayal of Crusades.
6303471714|4.0|I found this to be good workout.  There was toning for the legs, arms, stomach and butt.  The music was retro and fun.  It make you feel like you were in a music video and working righ next to Cindy.
B001OQCV6A|5.0|This is a faithful reproduction of Sir Arthur Conan Doyle's Adventures of Sherlock Holmes, taking elements from The Sign of Four, A Scandal in Bohemia, and retaining many of Holmes's unique personality traits.  An action-packed adventure, the soundtrack also left me humming the music after I saw it in theaters!
B00095NX9G|5.0|WDNY's already impressive Tribal Fusion lineup has an addition from the star who defines this genre: Rachel Brice herself. Starting with a nice and basic introduction from Tempest in 2006, they've steadily been taking it up a notch and then another notch until the just-released Serpentine.  I know that dancers who read my reviews will want an answer to the general all-encompassing question, \\"So what's it like?\\" As is often the case with WDNY's videos, I find it a difficult question to answer because above all, there is invariably a stupendous amount of content - more than from any other producer. And for a really low price. Serpentine is no exception. In fact, it's a 2-disk set in which Rachel Brice gives you the whole foundation of the unique signature style she dances. In four hours.    Yoga, the foundation  I think we've seen from Rachel's previous two DVDs that it is yoga that got her where she is. It is the very core of how she moves and on this set of disks, she takes you through a complete program of preparation through yoga and isolations, the way she believes will lead to \\"strong, relaxed and sinuous movement.\\" In previous reviews of her videos, I remember saying we didn't want yoga from Rachel Brice, but the secret of how she dances. Well, it looks like yoga is that secret. If the aim is to dance like her and not do any yoga - forget it. In fact, this set is making me see the previous ones differently.  Both the disks in this set have yoga programs spread over them. The content does not particularly repeat what's on her previous videos, so this set doesn't make those redundant at all. As an Indian, I'm happy to see she refers to the Sanskrit names of all the asanas. I think that's a nice acknowledgement of where yoga came from in the first place. The yoga instruction is calm, disciplined and smooth - much as expected from Rachel Brice. It takes patience and motivation, until you get nice and addicted to it as people do, from where you're on to a good thing. Rachel uses the downward facing dog position as a base and builds sequences for the starting or Yoga 1 session that starts the first disk.. On the second disk is the back bending yoga session. This section is unsurprisingly challenging but all doable except for one scary asana - the one where you put your hands backwards next to your ears and then lift everything up. You're instructed to try this only if you're really comfortable with it. I'm surprised not to find some of the positions other dancers recommend when conditioning the body for backbends. There's the position where you sit between your knees (that takes weeks to get to) and then gradually bend back and place each hand on the feet. But well, since Rachel does very relaxed backbends, I have no quarrels with whatever her selection happens to be. If she says it works, I have no doubt it does.  Each of the two disks has a \\"finishing yoga practice\\" recommended to relax and stretch with. In fact, Rachel has a small guide on how to use this whole program and change which chunks or classes you pick up to work with on each day of the week. Nice touch, that.  Isolations, the technique  There's a ten-point posture check and then we begin with a shoulders drill. This is easy enough. But then, we go on to torso drill and things begin to change from other DVDs. Right from the start, she has foot patterns and timing variations for you to deal with. That's fantastic. While this is accessible to all levels and genres of belly dance, absolute beginners would do well to use a video focusing only on plain vanilla isolations first. Or learn these in live classes. It's interesting but here's where you'lll see Rachel Brice in regular belly dance mode. It's interesting that WDNY or Rachel chose to use music loops of rhythms instead of the modern music they usually go for. Well, it's better for concentration and timing but worse for motivation and variety. It's also more drilly, I guess. We cover side to side chest seesaws, isolated waves of the upper body, and bigger waves that involves the back. Then we get into hip work in short but powerful drills. These include obliques and glutes on the up and down, pelvic locks, alternating small pelvic circles, interesting maya variations and other layered moves involving footwork and chest moves.  The whole isolations session isn't what you'll find on other videos and has a lot to work with. Breakdown here is brief and there's quite a bit of layering and really, dancers who've got over the first brush with isolations will have a better time of it.  Shimmy drills  Overall quite a challenging shimmy drill. A few seconds into it you're layering with shoulders, arms and torso moves and undulations. At one point there was a shimmy on, torso roll down and chest slides going on all at the same time. Come prepared to do sharp clean moves! You work with locks as well. Shimmy layering on other moves such as slides and circles also feature, but there isn't a breakdown. As Rachel says, you just have to keep trying it. We also do the 3/4s. It's a killer drill - the killerest I've seen for shimmies because it's a lot of stuff squeezed into an intense and concentrated session.  Leg strengthening drills  There's a nice segment focusing on building strength in the legs, much needed for keeping moves going while you change level etc. Toe-heel changes, releves, knee lifts, grapevines with passé, chair poses and level changes feature in this section. It's a very nice addition to the whole program.  Two Choreographies  On Disk 2 are the goodies that we've wanted from Rachel Brice all along - combinations in her style. This is where we move into full-fledged tribal fusion style, but of the two choreographies, the first would help belly dancers in general to learn and sharpen some rapid-fire hip moves. The first choreography, set to an unusual piece of music, Kozarica Kolo, is sassy and uses a lot of contrast moves - sometimes slow and sometimes really fast. It's ashort piece and divides into two combinations repeated. But tough for those of us who haven't worked on so much control.  The second choreography is set to Whisper Hungarian in my Ear and in this one, the moves luxuriate to the music. It's also about as short. In fact, I do wish both had been about twice as long. In the performance Rachel does at the end, the Hungarian piece is extended to more combinations. The choreography ends in a backbend and a truly serpentine and Rachesque pose. There's a great Practice Loops feature so you can keep running through the combo until you're happy with how you're learning it.  Instruction  In the yoga sessions, Rachel is calm as she slowly leads you the asanas. I find this a relief after working with some of the videos that never seem to pause for breath while shooting instructions at you. I think yoga practice needs tranquility - it's part of the package.  With the drills, she is businesslike as she makes you get on with it. And in the sessions for the choreographies, she's warm and funny. As ever, she looks exotic and amazing no matter what she does or says.  The Rachel Lectures  At the end of the second disk we have a fantastic set of lecture classes. In these, Rachel demystifies and advises you on various tricky aspects. These little lectures are accessible separately on the menu, in case you want to work with one part and not another. So here, Rachel takes up backbends and gives some critical advice on what to do and what not to do. Very important for the safety of your back. Then, she takes up basic footwork for those who are fairly new to belly dance. She explains and teaches four arm patterns --- simple ones. There's a portion about how to understand the basic beat of the music. And finally she teaches you how to do the Ujjayyi breathing for the yoga. These lectures add impressive depth to this already solid program.  I'm often amazed at how dancers can \\"give away\\" their skill, knowledge and style and that too for just afew dollars. This is one of those times. Although I still feel I'd have liked less yoga (which you can, after all, learn elsewhere) and more and easier combinations and arm paths, I think one can't complain. Two choreographies, drills, technique, yoga, advice -what more can one want!
B002VPE7AQ|5.0|Being a youth librarian, I read quite a bit of teen literature.  I did not read \\"Twilight\\" for a long time due to the hype.  When I finally did read it, I found it okay. The vampire genre has become tedious, and I have been ready for a really good teen romance.  Finally, \\"Perfect Chemistry\\" delivered that wish.  Rich girl from dysfunctional family meets and falls for poor gang member boy from the wrong side of the tracks.  It may be trite, it really worked in this book.  The writing was fluid, descriptive, and poignant.  I loved the peripheral characters and the way they all had a hand in shaping the lives of Brittany and Alex.  There is teen sex in this book, but it is not descriptive (for parents who want to know).  Was the book realistic?  No.  Neither was Twilight.  Could it happen?  Way more possible than a vampire love story.  Would I recommend this book? YES, YES, YES!!!
B00095NX9G|5.0|Short and sweet - this DVD is amazing, and I highly recommend it to dancers or all sizes, shapes and levels!<br /><br />I bought it during TribalFest - from Miz Rachel Brice herself, and I have used it 3 times (a feat, considering my track record of buying...viewing once and forgetting).<br /><br />Kudos to RB and WDNY for an outstanding DVD set! :D
B00005NKKY|5.0|Sometimes I feel that this is the BEST album of all time.  Every track is a 'greatest hit'.  It will make you laugh, cry, think, smile...and if you can listen to 'Old Friends/Bookends' without shedding a tear, well, you're a better person than I am.  While I love the Beatles, I can't honestly say that 'Sgt. Pepper....' is the best album of all time.  I put this at the top, maybe a close tie with Dylan's 'Blood On The Tracks'.  But for sheer emotion and songwriting, this is the greatest recording of all time.  Peace.
0891419063|5.0|After watching HBO's series The Pacific and several conversations with my Ex-Marine step father who served in the Pacific during WWII I decided to read The Old Breed.  This is an incredible story told from a participant's perspective and is really true to life down to the smallest detail.  It gives some much credibility/testimony to the heroic men and women who served in some of the most horrible little known campaigns during WWII.  This is a good read for anyone who is really interested in what the Marines are truly like, what WWI in the Pacific was like and why we should be greatful for their heroic sacrifices.
B002RHGYOA|5.0|Although I was \\"warned\\" that the book was boring in its second half, for me it proved to be plainly misciviously written, and that made me skip my planned activities for the day just so I could finish it. Don't regret it one bit.
B000GPIPT2|3.0|Given that this is a big-deal 75th anniversary edition, you'd think that Universal wouldn't low-ball the packaging, yet that is precisely what they did.  No booklet, no information whatsoever.  But worse, the disc trays are simply glued to the case so that when you remove the disc the tray seperates from the case.  Pathetic.<br /><br />I saw this version when I was a kid, most likely on \\"Chiller Theater\\" or some late-night horror fest tv show.  However, I have since read the novel.  Funny, the two have nothing to do with one another. One has to wonder why this movie was called \\"Frankenstein\\", a title which might give rise to the idea that it had something to do with Mary Shelley's novel.  But not.
0812973992|3.0|I'll leave the synopsis to the many other reviewers.    It didn't live up to the hype for me. Great premise & intentions, but around the halfway point I realized it was not going to get me there. The pace doesn't suit the NYC setting, and the characters are a polarized pastiche (hard luck prostitutes, silly immigrants, a fortunate park ave couple, and some bohemian artists) where I was hoping for a nuanced cast that evolves through interaction rather than description.    On the bright side, the characters are absolutely believable (though not palpable), and McCann manages to reveal some touching truths about human nature.
B000FC1JCQ|2.0|. . . and still don't.  This book was not particularly well written.  I did force myself to finish it, waiting for the promised magic. It never happened.
030745455X|1.0|Where are the Emperor's Clothes?<br />Where is the Editing?  (Not done because the MSs were basically posthumous??)<br />I generously gave the first book 3 stars, even after suffering through the long, overly detailed, downright tedious plot set-up.<br />Not enough patience for this one.  The reviews say it starts with the murder of a couple of reporters investigating sex trafficking.  Well, there's a titillating prologue hinting at sexual torture/slavery, but that quickly changes to a long, boring description of the heroine in the tropics, no hint of that murder before I gave up.<br />And the heroine, The Girl Who/With, belongs in a Superhero comic strip: a tiny waif (but capable of inflicting serious physical injury on big,bad guys) with nearly superhuman brain power, mainly focused on world class computer hacking.  Her rage and antisocial behaviors are fueled by being the victim of sexual and other abuse (and maybe more detail is forthcoming beyond where I read), and her vacation is being financed by blackmail of a perpetrator (that's OK in comics, our fantasies, and sometimes in real life, where 2 wrongs make a right and vigilante justice is much tidier than the Legal system).  And when early on she seduces (the brief description sounds more like date-rape) an underage guy, there's no hint of irony.<br />A good editor might make this a taut 4 hr read, or a good scriptwriter might make it an exciting 2 hr movie.  But there are plenty of plot driven thrillers out there, and I'd rather spend my time on something better than this.
0061876747|2.0|This is the same author who wrote Brazzaville Beach and Any Human Heart??? Also, Restless, A Good Man in Africa, The New Confessions, The Ice-Cream Wars: all very good reads. What happened? Disappointing effort from such a talented writer.
0739367676|5.0|I thought this was a great story.  I loved the whole series and this was a fantastic ending.    I really don't understand all the negative reviews.  They really don't seem fair.    Ms. Meyers, you are a really great writer!!  And I look forward to more of your stories.  I love the intensity of emotions in your characters, and the fact that you know how to write a satisfying ending.  If this would have ended in a classic tragedy type of way, I would have hated.  For those who are looking for those endings, there are more than enough of that crap shoved down our throats already--so back off!!    Thank you for a great story!!!!
1591840562|5.0|Great book. Practical and accessible, yet still didactic...full of info. Start this book. And before you finish it you'll be inspired to start something else.
1597801585|3.0|The \\"world\\" the author has created here is frighteningly real - a hundred years or so from today (we never really are told how far in the future) the oil has run out. The resulting global catastrophes have changed the face of power on the planet. Set in Thailand, now a major world power, it is a story where hi tech agriculture company (Aggro Techs) create genetically modified crops that feed the world and also produce oils that power what's left of civilization. The other most common form of energy is in \\"spring batteries\\" where the kinetic efforts of genetically engineered mastodons are used to store power in these high tech batteries. The general plot focuses on the political turmoil in Thailand as the various factions fight for power and control.    I loved the setting, I loved the meandering  way we learn about the state of the world and how the power base has shifted. I love the very real way \\"energy\\" has replaced currency. No longer is it about money, it's about the calories and the joules. People don't ask where will they get the money to travel up river, they ask how will they buy the calories or the joules. Fascinating and scary.    This could have been a 5 star book, but even tho the world building is fantastic - the characterization is weak & flat. I don't care that none of the main characters are like-able, decent people. They aren't btw. The world doesn't allow for nice people to thrive and survive. Everyone is compromised. What I disliked was that we get the barest background of the half dozen or so main characters - they never become real to us. We don't care for their fates as they are strangers to us. They have no past outside the events occurring in the pages of the book.    Still, a good read and I can see why it was the Nebula for best novel, but I guess I just like my sci fi to have a focus on characters and not just world building.
0805091742|5.0|I originally borrowed this book from my local library, and I loved it so much I bought my own copy!  The Checklist Manifesto is a well-written, very readable book that should be put to use in every industry and home in the world!!  The author discusses how airline pilots use checklists to ensure that every step has been completed in order to make flying as safe as possible, and then extrapolates from there.  The chapter which discusses how a hospital in Detroit had a double-digit decrease in central line infections in their ICU in just one quarter convinced me that the simple checklist could do so much towards decreasing waste, increasing efficiency, and eliminating costly, *common* mistakes (those mistakes that happen because people skip a step in order to cut costs or time, or they just simply forget).    I highly recommend this book to everyone!!
B001GQ2BNQ|5.0|Several years ago I had a bulging disk in my neck that impinged a nerve, which cause arm pain. I had to stop swimming and working out altogether for a year or more (before this I was doing triathlons). When I recovered, I wanted to continue swimming to stay in shape, but turning my head to breathe tended to aggravate my neck. So I got this snorkel. After my first session with it I was a little concerned that I wouldn't be able to get used to it. I was anxious because I felt like I couldn't get enough air and once I choked on water that was trapped in it when I inhaled. But what are you going to do? Most of us who swim recreationlly do it because it makes us feel good both physically and mentally, and so I didn't want to give up. The next session I knew what to expect and so I was mentally prepared for it. I started by just putting my head under water and slowly inhaling and exhaling, telling myself there was nothing to panic over and there was no rush. Then I did a few slow laps of breast stroke and then some slow laps of free style.     Long story short: It took four sessions to really get comfortable with it, but now I love it for a bunch of reasons. First, I can swim with no neck pain. Two, I can swim longer than before and get a great workout. Three, swimming is now more relaxing. It's kind of like doing yoga underwater when you don't have to think about breathing so it's a great stress reliever. Four, you can work on kicking without even using a board. I just scull with my arms in front of me, like Superman. And five, chlorine in my pool really bothered my sinuses before, I guess because I tended to inhale through my nose. With the snorkel, I have noticed that I don't have nearly the sinus problems.
B0015DROBO|5.0|Well-plotted page turner. first experience of larsson; first exp with typing on kindle. pls forgive mistakes.<br /><br />sorry to read of larsson's death since i loved this book and have ordered next in series on my kindle my constant companion. incredible invention!
006016848X|3.0|I like this book, but the paper seems to be a little bit too second-handed..  not as new as described.
0316010669|3.0|No, though how we make decisions is still not fully understood.  This book compares decisions made in an instant, with those made in a more deliberate fashion.  Since much of our thinking is done unconciously, even experts in a given field cannot fully understand how they can determine something in an instant, though they can generally tell when a gut decision is preferable to a well-thought out one. Instant decisions are improved when the number of factors to be considered can be narrowed down.  There are caveats, as instant decisions are prone to grave errors due to prejudices or paralyzing fear; but training and practice can help overcome this problem.      Many interesting examples are given, though they are loosely organized and there's no overall conclusion.  Some of the examples given, discussing the perils of determining public taste in the arts or in foods, or decision making during a war exercise, don't really seem to prove any point at all. And the opening example, determining whather a marble statue was a forgery, seems to prove the power of both a momentary and non-momentary decision. The gut sense that it was a forgery was correct but ultimately proven only after further exhaustive testing.      My take-home message is that where the stakes are high, take the time to clarify (in advance) how the decision should be made.  This book would be strengthened by more examination of this point as opposed to trying to justify decisions in a blink.
B000MRAAJM|5.0|I had originally looked at this collection during Christmas, but finally broke down and purchased it as the price came down to under $38. This is a fabulous collection that truly exploits Blu-ray HD on my Samsung Plasma TV. The landscapes are stunning, the narration is fantastic, and the whole collection is very well put together. I specially like the fact that the related subjects are grouped together into a single Blu-ray. This is a worthy series educationally and technologically. If you want to see what is possible in 1080p HD imagery, you should look at this excellent set.
B000URDE2Y|5.0|I  own this on vinyl, cassette, and now the 3rd CD version.  I bought it for the BBC sessions and I am extremely happy with those tracks.  Great recording and selections.  A must for Trower fans, and if you don't have this album...get it for a real music education from one of rock music's greatest trios!
0451526368|5.0|Living a sheltered and quiet life in the small, peaceful village of Fullerton, Catherine Morland, at the ripe young age of seventeen, is in want of an adventure.  Since she is fond of horrid Gothic novels, the ideal adventure for Catherine would be one with sinister characters, secret mysteries, and many Gothic horrors!  Catherine does receive an adventure of sorts when the she is invited to travel to Bath with her wealthy neighbors, Mr. and Mrs. Allen.  Leaving her confined and quiet world behind, Catherine embarks upon a trip that will introduce her to many new acquaintances, test her understanding of human nature, and teach her that the real world is nothing like the fantasy world of novels...<br /><br />Out of all of Jane Austen's novels I find Northanger Abbey to be one of her wittiest.  Between her poking fun at Gothic novels and her biting social criticism, I experienced many laugh out loud moments!  Moreover, in reading this novel a second time, I gained new appreciation for Jane Austen's  unabashed sarcasm and sharp tone which pour out from every page of this novel.<br /><br />In writing her first serious novel, Jane Austen focuses a great deal of page time on the subject of novels and heroines: (What is a heroine? Should people read novels?) I took pleasure in seeing the characters of this novel take part in enlightening debates and discussions of other novels whether it be a horror novel or history novel.  In addition, I greatly enjoyed how warmly Jane Austen defends the reading and writing of novels in her narration and commentary.<br /><br />\\"Yes, novels; -- for I will not adopt that ungenerous and impolitic custom so common with novel-writers, of degrading by their contemptuous censure the very performances, to the number of which they are themselves adding -- joining with their greatest enemies in bestowing the harshest epithets on such works, and scarcely ever permitting them to be read by their own heroine, who, if she accidentally take up a novel, is sure to turn over its insipid pages with disgust. Alas! if the heroine of one novel be not patronized by the heroine of another, from whom can she expect protection and regard? I cannot approve of it.\\" - The Narrator<br /><br />\\"'It is only Cecilia, or Camilla, or Belinda;' or, in short, only some work in which the greatest powers of the mind are displayed, in which the most thorough knowledge of human nature, the happiest delineation of its varieties, the liveliest effusions of wit and humour, are conveyed to the world in the best-chosen language.\\" - The Narrator<br /><br />Catherine Morland is an utterly delightful heroine!  Some readers and critics may find Catherine to be an immature and inferior heroine, but I disagree.  While it is true that Catherine is a little fanciful and young, I find her naivet&eacute; and ingenuousness to be endearing and engaging.  In addition, Catherine's tendency to think the best of everyone reminds me a little of Jane Bennet from Pride and Prejudice.  At the close of the novel, Catherine emerges as a perceptive and discerning young woman.  I took pleasure in viewing the significant improvement in Catherine's understanding, growth and maturity throughout her adventures and experiences away from home.<br /><br />Northanger Abbey is a stellar masterpiece that clearly illustrates Jane Austen's great genius.  This novel will be sure to divert and entertain Jane Austen admirers no matter how many times they have previously read it before.  One of the great things about rereading a novel by Jane Austen is that it will be never a dull experience; the brilliance of her writing will forever be discovered and rediscovered with each reading.<br /><br />Austenesque Reviewsts insipid pages with disgust. Alas! if the heroine of one novel be not patronized by the heroine of another, from whom can she expect protection and regard? I cannot approve of it.\\" - The Narrator    \\"'It is only Cecilia, or Camilla, or Belinda;' or, in short, only some work in which the greatest powers of the mind are displayed, in which the most thorough knowledge of human nature, the happiest delineation of its varieties, the liveliest effusions of wit and humour, are conveyed to the world in the best-chosen language.\\" - The Narrator    Catherine Morland is an utterly delightful heroine!  Some readers and critics may find Catherine to be an immature and inferior heroine, but I disagree.  While it is true that Catherine is a little fanciful and young, I find her naiveté and ingenuousness to be endearing and engaging.  In addition, Catherine's tendency to think the best of everyone reminds me a little of Jane Bennet from Pride and Prejudice.   At the close of the novel, Catherine emerges as a perceptive and discerning young woman.  I took pleasure in viewing the significant improvement in Catherine's understanding, growth and maturity throughout her adventures and experiences away from home.      Northanger Abbey is a stellar masterpiece that clearly illustrates Jane Austen's great genius.  This novel will be sure to divert and entertain Jane Austen admirers no matter how many times they have previously read it before.  One of the great things about rereading a novel by Jane Austen is that it will be never a dull experience; the brilliance of her writing will forever be discovered and rediscovered with each reading.     Austenesque Reviews
B0032JTV74|5.0|I've been wishing it would come out on blu-ray... as far as 5 stars, that is also for the BRILLIANT Comedy/Music/Drama show ever. ;)I'll be watching it MANY times. How about you?    As for the others who bought Season 1 PART 1, I hope they work something out for you all.  I didn't buy it because it said part 1, and I hoped for the Blu-ray, and here it is just as I hoped.  Good luck to you guys, I do hope they give a really good discount for the other Loyal fans who bought that first season part 1 DVD.
B0002EXH4K|5.0|Countdown to Extinction is Megadeth's most popular and best selling album to date. It's more commercial but it's before they get too accessible and tone their sound down. It's still a little lighter and slower than their older music but it's still thrash metal, their last true thrash until Endgame. High Speed Dirt is one of my top 5 Megadeth songs of all time, Symphony of Destruction and Sweating Bullets are classics. CTE has the best of early and late Megadeth and it's my absolute favorite from them, one of the greatest albums ever.
B001BLRPCS|5.0|This is by far my favorite album by the Black Keys, although I am not sure there is really a bad one.  If you like bluesy rock you will really enjoy this band in my opinion.  If you found out about the Black Keys later on, this album is an amazing addition to you collection!  My favorite song is Countdown, but they are all really amazing!  Really great band!  And as of 5/2010 the album is nicely priced on Amazon : )  Enjoy....you will be back for more!
0385528752|5.0|The Heath brothers really hit their stride in this book. It takes the same sort of clever insights and breaking down of patterns they see into pithy little catch phrases. But it's not just that that make the book good, it's that those pithy little phrases and the way the book is laid out makes us sure that we'll remember them. I found each of the stories memorable and vivid, illustrating the points well.  On a more part that I found so interesting about this book personally was how much a lot of this \\"pattern\\" for creating changed mimicked the methods of human-centered design. Much of the change started when someone went and actually looked at what was really going on in a situation, as opposed to just making assumptions.
0786838655|5.0|First let me start off by saying that you are probably sick and tired of seeing all of these dumb reviews that only exist to tell you the differences between these books and the Harry Potter series.  These are nothing like the Harry Potter series, and yet they are very different in their own way, still riveting and fun.<br /><br />These books are said to be for 9-12 age range.  Appropriate? Absolutely.<br /><br />Some people may have kids younger than 9 who want to read this book.  Is it appropriate for them?  You decide, No spoilers, I promise:<br /><br />-- Scenes of violence, fighting with swords, reference to guns (shotgun and rifle), death threats, the feeling that danger is lurking around every corner, etc.<br /><br />-- 2 major fight scenes, where people get hurt.  Loads of 'minor' fight scenes where a character is repeatedly put in danger<br /><br />-- Cursing in Ancient Greek (it isn't translated to English, but it is obvious), otherwise no cursing in English in the novel, closest thing is this scene:<br /><br />(something makes an animal noise)<br />\\"Can you understand it?\\" I asked Grover.<br /><br />\\"Oh yeah,\\" he said, \\"I can understand it.\\"<br /><br />\\"What's it saying?\\"<br /><br />\\"I don't think humans have a four-letter word that translates, exactly.\\"<br /><br />-- Scene where a character alludes to something horrific (torture-type horrific) is happening, but just says \\"And I saw worse tortures too--things I don't want to describe.\\"<br /><br />-- Loads of references to Greek Mythology (which, someone at a certain age probably wouldn't know about nor care to read about, be aware of that).  I found the Greek Mythology parts to be the most engaging, however!<br /><br />What do I like about these books?  They are fast-paced and very easy to get through, obviously, since the age level is 9-12, these are very quick reads.  I kind of wish that the author would have spent more time talking about the scenery or describing the characters or something, it just seems like everything is happening at a supernova rate, it's hard to wrap your head around what just happened in 22 chapters.  You are left thinking \\"Wow, did all of that stuff really happen in just one book??\\"<br /><br />I'm purposefully keeping myself from watching the movie until I read all of the books.  With other books (example: Harry Potter), it was easy because the producers waited so long that most of the books were published when the movies came out.  However, with these books, the first one barely hit the shelf it seems and they are already begging to do number 2!<br /><br />Enjoy the novel first, then go and see the movie.  And please, for the love of all that is good in the world, don't complain about how the movie doesn't match up EXACTLY with the book, did you read how much he packed into 22 chapters?!  You should already go into the movie with the preconceived thought that \\"Okay, not everything in the book will be in the movie.\\"<br /><br />Bring on Book 2 :-)happened in 22 chapters.  You are left thinking \\"Wow, did all of that stuff really happen in just one book??\\"    I'm purposefully keeping myself from watching the movie until I read all of the books.  With other books (example: Harry Potter), it was easy because the producers waited so long that most of the books were published when the movies came out.  However, with these books, the first one barely hit the shelf it seems and they are already begging to do number 2!    Enjoy the novel first, then go and see the movie.  And please, for the love of all that is good in the world, don't complain about how the movie doesn't match up EXACTLY with the book, did you read how much he packed into 22 chapters?!  You should already go into the movie with the preconceived thought that \\"Okay, not everything in the book will be in the movie.\\"    Bring on Book 2 :-)
B002VPE1AW|5.0|I orderd this for myself as well as for the entire family.  We enjoyed it very much.  I will be purchasing the special edition of it when it comes out much later in the year.
B002TVQ4GW|5.0|\\"Triangle\\" was written and directed by Christopher Smith. A small group of passengers on a sailboat meets very strange weather conditions and have to jump onto another ship to discover more mystery than they could have bargained for.<br /><br />This is one of the most thoughtful scripts I have ever seen in a movie. Every scene, every line of dialogue is there for a meaningful reason and several portions will click later on so this mind-bending experience will give your brain a lot to chew on. Melissa George stars as Jess, mother of autistic child, Tommy (Joshua McIvor) who just wants a nice day off to relax and go sailing, but things are going wrong. There are tensions on-board the boat since Greg (Michael Dorman), the captain is being set up with a girl his friends brought and the most mysterious storm any of them have ever seen creeps up suddenly and capsizes the boat leaving them stranded when another boat drifts by and they climb aboard. But where are the passengers?<br /><br />Without giving spoilers away, an intense psychological dilemma ensues as Jess is locked into a series of events that push some hard choices. The best part about this movie is trying to figure out how much Jess is locked into her fate and how much she can change about her circumstances. Melissa George has a LOT on her plate here in terms of screen time and difficulty and does a phenomenal job showing the downward spiral as the pressure begins to get to her.<br /><br />If you like \\"Memento\\" or \\"The Prestige\\", you should check this one out because it has a few similar ideas to see how far you would go for something you want under assumed conditions. Excellent film!
B001NFNFNU|5.0|Story is amazing. You'll believe this can't be happening. YET, the story is based on a real occurrence. A missing child, the wrong child is returned, the mother fights the police to get them to admit a mistake and continue to look for her son. The police are too embarrassed to admit any wrong. It's a bad cop story and a determined mom story packed into one.<br /><br />All the leads present a believable portrayal, except for the fact that the police will not face the truth of their mistake. Mom's life becomes a disaster, again caused by the LAPD. New evidence is found, new leads, new findings, and through it all, as the truth becomes unraveled, the police are most concerned about how to put themselves into a better political light.<br /><br />This is not a family-friendly film. Not for the kids at all. It's also not for the sensitive spirits. It is a brutal portrayal of when life goes wrong. In the end there is only a sliver of hope. I'm a bit late in finding this movie, so now that the newness is passed, and the price has dropped, this is a bargain priced DVD. With subtitles. Be warned however, this is not a feel-good warm-fuzzy film. This is packed with emotion, some violence, nasty language, and some disturbing scenes. But it is riveting, keeps you waiting to see what will happen next. Keeps you fighting along-side, and cheering for the mom.<br /><br />I'm glad I watched it. No laughs, but powerful drama with a nostalgic era setting.
B001EN71DG|5.0|I purchased this set for my husband who is a huge Star Wars fan.  When he wanted to share the original trilogy with our children, they had to watch them on old VHS tapes (yuck)!  We were very pleased to get both the original and remastered versions of each movie for such a great price!
0525423842|5.0|A sure home-run teen novel. Perfect for father/son co-reading. I bought it for my son & grandson and thoroughly enjoyed it myself. Plenty of murder suspense, but not bloody and educational, teaching the ways of the courtroom as a bonus. Kids are going to love it. Producers will seek the movie rights. Move aside Perry Mason, we have a new series started. The sequel stage is already set.<br /><br />Theo's a 13-year-old unlicensed, unpaid, practicing kid attorney. Grisham's words: \\"Yep. Kid thinks he's a lawyer. Knows every cop, every judge, every court clerk. Hangs around courtrooms, probably knows more law than most lawyers.\\" Parents are Boone & Boone, she in divorce law, he in real estate. An Uncle Ike Boone, former partner, is a broken man, disbarred. Dog's name is Judge. Close friend is April, but not girlfriend, since a man age 13 tends to shun romance.<br /><br />Mr. Duffy is on trial, biggest murder trial in Strattenburg's history, for murdering his wife. Only circumstantial evidence. Don't worry, the story explains that word, and all the other facets of criminal law. During Theo's kid-law practicing, he stumbles across unknown evidence, big evidence. What can he do? That's the plot and I'll not write spoiler info. One fun moment is Theo's successful defense of popular, beautiful, 8th grade classmate, Hallie (well her dog) in Judge Yeck's \\"Kitty [Animal] Court.\\"<br /><br />Can't go wrong with this purchase. Gift for birthday, Father's Day, Children's Day, Christmas, Labor Day, you name it, a no occasion gift book, especially if you can use it to entice kid/parent reading together. Grandparents, like me, do yourself a favor and do the co-read with your grandchild. Win-win, and a bit of enjoyable Grisham mystery to boot.<br /><br />As the teacher will say (and I was one):<br />5 GOLD STARS for \\"THEODORE BOONE kid lawyer\\", by John Grisham.
B000IU3Y3W|5.0|awesome and jamming versions of classic neil songs-only thing better would have been if he released them in 5.1 surround sound
B00009RDGA|5.0|This film is a true classic. Although the Oscar (well deserved) went to young Tatum O'Neal for her stunning performance as Addie Loggins, it seems the equally strong performance by her father, Ryan O'Neal, as Moses Pray was overlooked by the Academy. If you have not seen this film, do so...it will make for a fun Saturday afternoon for the whole family!
B001NXDSLG|2.0|I am not a fan of split screen and that is what this is.  A split screen in HD is no better than a split screen in regular 480, with small images like this there is no real improvement.  I was never a fan of hippies either, but the music was why I bought this.  It is 1969 and this is nothing as good as the Mets winning the world series.  I can not get past the split screen, I made a bad error in judgement to buy it.  I will watch it once and forget about it.  I bought it because it was 26 bucks on special of the day...big deal, it's still bad filming and even worse post production.  Wow I can see the grainy cheap print in Blu-Ray!  Sound is 1969 Muntz 8 Track.  It sound awful on my really good home theatre surround.  Very disappointed, but it is about what I expected.  I blame myself for being so stupid.  I knew better!  Makes me want to go back to VHS.
0385523386|1.0|I really wanted to like this book. When I read the jacket cover it seemed like it would bring some insight to prison life, delve deeper into the racial disparaties of the penal system...instead I found it to be Kerman's reminder to the world that while she did go to prison, she was still pretty, educated and White, and the most awesome person in there. I found her constant tales of how cool she was among the minorities to be insulting and annoying. She came off as smug, rather than thankful regarding her privilgaed situation. I rolled my eyes so many times at her stories of how down she was with the Hispanics (She called them Latinas at first) and Blacks, and she name dropped Daddy Yankee and Jay Z just to show how hip she was. I am sure if she ran into a Hispanic or Black she would instantly try to explain how she spent time in prison and knew their people. She constantly reminded the reader how many people thought she was hot, which from the picture on the inside jacket shows otherwise. At one scene she explained that she was picking out spinach from a spinach and iceberg lettuce mix, and almost started a fight after she explained \\"I don't eat iceberg.\\" Girl, you in prison!! Not exactly time to be picky- i am surprised no one shanked her... Kerman thinks she is still too cool for school...despite being white and having gone to Smith, you still made stupid decisions and ended up in prison. If you want insight to prison life, don't bother. All you get here is some White girl's account of being the coolest, smarted, hippest chick in behind bars.
B001QOGYBI|5.0|I listened with skepticism when my grandson's mother raved about \\"The Fantastic Mr. Fox\\". As an adult who didn't like animation even as a child, I had to be convinced to watch it by my four year grandson. Well, they were right! Fresh take on old themes and values by talented artists. We returned the rental DVD and I went directly to Amazon to order a copy for our family library. There is nothing to say but, Bravo!
0061120081|5.0|Great format to read easily. When you start to read this classic, you won't want to put it down. A great book to read as a high school's English class requirement.
0385528752|5.0|Switch is a practical and readable book on human change in the context of broader organizational and social objectives. From start to finish, the authors populate a framework with examples that portray how changes in behavior are brought about. Their framework is relatively simple, and it's based on:    - Positive views of what is possible  - Practical views of solutions that are desired  - Sense of rational needs of stakeholders  - Sense of emotional needs of stakeholders  - Sense of the path or roadmap to the goal  - Practical focus on results and impact    From the psychology and science of decision making, planning, problem solving, analytics and influences, the Heaths weave a great collection of stories into their framework, the essence of which is this... change needs to pivot on three big senses:    1. Sense of the Rational - Find the Bright Spots, the Critical Moves, Desitination Focus     2. Sense of the Emotional - Find the Feelings, Shrink the Change, Grow Your People     3. Sense of the Roadmap - Tweak the Situation, Build on Habits, Rally the Herd    This framework serves to connect the dots between emotional and rational drivers of behavioral change, and it contrasts the switch mindset with the fixed mindset that Dweck defines in her research. This book is not an academic work on change management or engagement, although for some readers it will be a good compliment to the library. Rather it provides a basic point of view on effecting change at the human level, driving a process that connects individual emotional interests with the meaning and value of change from a rational reference point and support for the process of change.    Five of Five Stars
B0027BOL4G|5.0|This documentary is so well put together that it kept my attention the entire time. I thought that it might be gory and I wouldn't be able to watch it. The gory parts of the documentary were very few and were necessary and done in such a way that you learned from it. This DVD has changed the way my entire family eats, grocery shops and since I purchased this DVD I have encouraged everyone I know to buy it. I tell anyone who will listen what I have learned from this DVD. There is nothing like it (in my opinion).
1416550550|3.0|I'd just put down \\"The Children's Book\\" and \\"Possession\\" by A.S. Byatt when I found this book, and it's probably not fair to compare Kate Morton with a much more scholarly and experienced (both life and work) writer - but \\"something missing\\" is how \\"The Forgotten Garden\\" read to me. I loved the blending of so many influences in the books - the inside cover illustrations were reminiscent of Arthur Rackham and Ellen Raskin both, references to Enid Blyton and very clever working-in of Frances Hodgson Burnett - but it was all too much and too little. It's like the author(ess) was trying to get to the last sentence before she forgot how it all tied together. I found myself trying to make every other sentence better as I was reading (like I was going through my 5th-grader's homework)instead of getting drawn into the story, and even when the passages were descriptive, they lacked the type of detail that made a picture come alive: the garden, for example, listed a number of flowering and non-flowering plants for colour - but there was no mention at all of the birds and insects that must have thrived there. The fairy tales included in the novel were great, and that's just it: if the novel had been shorter (like the fairy tales were), it might have been a tighter read. Having said that, I enjoyed the book enough to want to read more from this writer. But I'll be borrowing \\"The House of Riverton\\" from the library first.
B000H6SXLU|5.0|I love this movie. The quality is excellent, one of Ginger and Fred's best films.  The music is unsurpassed and stands up today, great music is great forever.
1587613379|5.0|Fantastic Book...well rounded...well written....if you want to read a Healthy, Ballanced, Objective book on the subject of Polyamory this is probably the best book out there on the subject.  The topic of multipal/open relationships can be such a touchy forbbiden subject of conversation for so many people,... if that is something you are interested in investigating or bring up with your partner this book should be helpful in opening such a sensative door of curiosity.
B0032JTV74|5.0|This full season set is not the regular dvd but rather Blu Ray edition, so most likely they will put out the regular season dvd volume 2 so everyone should try to calm down and wait and see.  I also bought volume one not even thinking they would ever put this out on Blu Ray.  What a great surprise!  I watch this show every week. Went through withdrawal from December until the return in April.  Hopefully Fox will sign it up for a second season!!
B0034C9CFK|5.0|Alan Jackson continues to tell the story of hios life, his family and his emotions in all of the songs he writes. His past two albilms have been gems and set the standard for country music. No violins or horns but  true easy to listen to and enjoy original music. Since claiming his title with \\"Where were you when the World stopped Turning\\" back in 2001 he has yet to disappoint. We are lucky to have him
B000VMFDW2|5.0|I watched \\"The Pacific\\" on HBO recently. It left an impact on me. In the final episodes, I would just sit there in the quiet, after my DVR had ended, unable to contemplate what I had just witnessed as true (albeit sometimes dramatized) accounts of the Pacific theater of war. When I bought my Kindle, my first two purchases were Robert Leckie's \\"Helmet for My Pillow\\" and E.B. Sledge's \\"With the Old Breed\\". Leckie's was a very intellectual approach to writing his account. But of course, he was a writer by major and career. Sledge's account is somehow different...it is raw and brutally descriptive. You really see into the psyche of a soldier torn by basic humanity and unadulterated terror. My gratitude for such soldiers is remarkably amplified with this whole experience of the mini-series and books.<br /><br />As of May 2010, however, please be aware that the formatting and typographical errors in the e-book edition make it very difficult to read. Spacing is off, incorrect characters are used (\\"1\\" for \\"I\\"), and whole paragraphs are misplaced!!!! Yes, the the latter is most offending. There are footnotes in Sledge's text. You click on the symbol and are taken to the footnote. But in 2-3 cases, a paragraph that clearly belongs in the main context was pasted to the end of the footnote. Because when you go back to reading, Sledge is in the middle of a conversation or description that would make no sense had you not read the misplaced text. I've written both Amazon and the publisher. E-book consumers care just as much about these things as do print readers. There is no reason to have lower standards in this emerging format. But I will not poorly review the book for that. Just want to make my fellow consumers aware of the issue.
0375413405|5.0|This cookbook is great. I have other cookbooks, but it seems there were always missing steps.  This cookbook  is user friendly and can be used by a first timer.
0446691437|5.0|I love this book.  Other people leaving reviews have covered everything there is, so I won't make this long winded.  I love this book.  It's short but not too brief.  It makes sense to me.  It's just good, and as simple as my review.
B001FB563E|5.0|First The Coen Brothers bring Cormac McCarthy's \\"NO Country For Old Men\\" to the screen(incredible), now John Hillcoat has created a film from McCarthy's book \\"The Road\\" that is like nothing you have ever seen. \\"The Road\\" was said to be unfilmable....you all stand corrected. Amazing film, Bravo!    Question for John Hillcoat: Will there ever be a proper U.S. release of your film, \\"Ghosts...of the Civil Dead\\"? After viewing \\"The Road\\" at the Telluride Film Fest, were you spoke of filming in actual disaster areas in the States, and seeing \\"The Proposition\\" on Blu-Ray I now know that you are Top Ranking and that I have to see \\"Ghost....of the Civil Dead\\"!                Criterion Collection please pay attention!
B002VPE1AW|5.0|Of course I loved the movie at the theatre -- great in 3D.  3D was made for this sort of thing.  I even saw it in IMAX 3D, as well as the standard version in super wide-screen.  But I don't have Blu-Ray, so I had to get the standard DVD.  Besides, you'd have to have a 3D TV to pick up the 3D effect anyway, so that release was a bit premature.    The standard format is still a great escape on a rainy day or when there's nothing worth watching on the tube!  On my small TV it seems a bit dark, but I think that's just my TV -- everything looks dark on it.    Of course, if you have Blu-Ray, go for the upgrade, but if you loved it at the theatre and don't have Blu-Ray, you'll still love it in this format  My only complaint is that there was no insert showing the \\"bookmarks\\" for finding a specific scene, but that's not a serious issue when you've seen it several times.
B003HARV3Y|5.0|Percy Jackson and the Olympians: The Lightning Thief is a film that's overflowing with character vigor and spectacular direction.    Percy Jackson is your regular teenager who doesn't think much of himself, except for the fact that he's got an uncanny ability to remain under water for extended periods of time. During a class field trip, Percy is confronted by his first real monster, and it has nothing to do with high school drama. This monster's a real fiend - literally. After finding out that it was after him because he had been accused of stealing Zeus's master lightning bolt, Percy begins a journey toward understanding his true identity; he's a demigod - his mother is a mortal and his father is Poseidon, ancient Greek god of the seas.  As the film progresses, Percy takes on a personal quest to clear his name from charges of being the lightning thief. But more importantly, Percy begins the quest in order to save his mother from the treacherous clutches of the evil Hades. What is ensues is both surprising and enjoyable.     I am a fan of Chris Columbus' work and believe that he excels at creating a world that's both believable but also just whimsical enough to make the content seem truly plausible. He knows how to develop a character. He knows how to set the scene. And what he does with this film I am prepared to claim could not have been achieved by just any other director.    I applaud the casting. Logan Lerman does a fantastic job carrying the title role unflinchingly. Lerman's Percy is both charismatic and relatable, making him seem like a good friend. I laughed a great deal at his interaction with the other characters - they all pulled it off without seeming like they were trying. While kids films (though I would not be quick to call this one of them, but for the sake of Percy's rep, let's go with that) are notorious for their lacking scripts, they do a wonderful job of keeping the dialogue interesting and convincing. Also, Jake Abel as Luke and Steve Coogan as Hades threw a lot of great variety into the mix.     I know there's a lot of controversy about the book vs. film debate. I went in without having ever read the book. Independent of the novel, this film carries a different motivation and target audience but they both have a similar energy - an emotional but still good-humored journey. I would mentally separate the book from the movie before heading off to see this.     Don't let the lack of promotion discourage you from giving it a chance. Even before it was over, I had already begun wondering when it would be out on DVD. I actually ended up seeing this film several different times. This film left me smiling and wondering just how many demigods live in my neighborhood. 5/5
B000LC3IDI|5.0|This Movie put it all together up to this point. Its what we all would do if we could get away with it.
B00006JLX4|5.0|double album re-issue has a lot of good stuff.  the surprise is, despite lofi,  the songs were obviously obsessed over, tightly edited, more like brigthen the corners (stereo, shady lane, harness your hopes, no tan lines).  The legendary slackness is not really evident here.  lots of art school fuzzy guitar noise, which I like.  a bit over-rated at 5 stars but 4 stars would be misunderstood.
1556438850|5.0|Okay, this is the best book out there for yoga teachers and teacher trainers, but what makes it truly amazing is that it's a great book for all of us-for students as well as teachers. Although I've been doing yoga for 12 or 13 years, I'm not interested in teaching yoga, but this book is filled with background information and insights to help deepen my practice. One of the things I like most about it is how the author has approached every topic like a scholar, asking probing questions, giving detailed references, and encouraging the reader to think rather than just accept what some guru out there says is the truth. Yet the book is also filled with spirit, giving me a real feeling for doing yoga at a deeper level. Anyone who is serious about going deeper with his or her yoga practice will definitely want to buy this book. And last but not least, it's a beautiful book!
0307454541|2.0|-- but after I read it I really couldn't see what all the fuss was about.<br /><br />First:  the writing is often clunky and awkward;  it got in my way rather than helping me along.  All the characters were types shuttling through the plot in service to Larsson's agenda;  the only one I could care about was the old man, Vanger, who breaks down in tears at the start of the book when he gets his annual flower.<br /><br />But worse, than this, to me, is that despite all the hoopla, THERE'S ABSOLUTELY NOTHING NEW HERE.  Larsson recycles many standard devices from mystery fiction and adds some lefty political icing.  We have not one, but TWO, of the standard-issus fictional detectives here:  Blomkvist, persecuted for telling the truth, irresistible to women, is a type that has been the standard noir detective starting wth Raymond Chandler's Philip Marlowe in the 1940s.  Lisbeth, a brilliant sleuth who uses new forms of detection but is socially incapable -- well, that hasn't been new since Sherlock Holmes was introduced.  Sinister rich family with terrible secrets?  You can find this in half the mystery novels on bookstore shelves.  Evil in the heart of a grand family?  Re-read Conan Doyle's Bruce Partington Plans.  Or re-read the Sjowall and Wahloo series of mysteries set in Sweden and published in the 1970s.<br /><br />And, this was really a side issue for me, a minor irritant rather than a deciding factor, but the explanation for sending the flower to Vanger was ridiculous.  Nobody, NOBODY, given the circumstances, would take that annual flower the way its sender meant it (or said they meant it).<br /><br />I'm not sorry I read this if only to find out what all the fuss was about, but I certainly will not give it a permanent place on my bookshelves.  I'll never want to read it again and I won't bother with the following two books.
B000UG78NG|5.0|this is an incredible story, an epic the like of which have not been seen in a very long time.
B0019GJ4EM|4.0|JUST WANTED TO LET OTHER HD FANS KNOW THAT ESCAPE FROM N.Y. ON BLU-RAY IS INCREDIBLE!  EVEN THOUGH IT IS NOT AVAILABLE IN THE STATES, STUDIO CANAL'S UK BLU-RAY WORKS JUST FINE IN MY SAMSUNG BLU-RAY PLAYER. SO IF YOU ARE A JOHN CARPENTER FAN THIS BLU-RAY AS WELL UK'S THE FOG ARE TWO BLU-RAYS THAT I AM GLAD I WAS ABLE TO GET.
B00378OBJ8|5.0|I ordered this box set through the White Stripes website. It came with a 200 page photo book, the Canadian tour dvd, Under Great White Nova Scotian lights concert dvd, Nova Scotian lights audio cd, and a vinyl copy of the concert also.    The box itself is very sleek. Great little item to have sitting with your record collection or up on a mantle. Everything is contained inside and doesn't slide around much so you don't have to worry about damaging the album covers. The concert dvd is in black and white, would have preferred color but it was artists decision and I can respect that. I would have liked to get the tour on Blu-ray also, but the picture on the dvd is good enough.    Great item, but kind of expensive for a casual fan.
B002VPE1B6|3.0|Have not been able to enjoy this movie in Blu-ray yet.  It will not play in my Sony Blu-Ray player.  I did all the updates and it still does not play, so I can't rate the movie yet.
B003AO1SVS|3.0|I own all of the Black Keys albums and this is definitely my least favorite. It is good music, but just too soft. I like the fuzz guitars, banging drums, and blues riffs of the older material much better. This album is definitely more in the soul genre and has way too much of Dan's falsetto singing. Like I said, good music, just definitely doesn't cater to my tastes.    Overall, a good album to mellow out to, but not something I'll listen to over and over again.
B000026OHN|5.0|Dazzling in all respects. I've always wanted to own it, desiring a friend's copy, and now I do.
B000SMWUPS|5.0|I had read a lot of reviews about the BOB stroller parent accessory tray being too shallow, and actually witnessed a water bottle topple out of the BOB tray onto a child's head. EEK! So when I was ordering my own BOB stroller, I knew that I had to find a different parent tray. This easily holds 2 750mL water bottles, a cell phone , camera, keys, and garage door opener, with room to spare. installs in less than 2 seconds sans directions, is sturdy and well designed. Would recommend to anyone, with any stroller type, hands down, a great product.
031606792X|1.0|Stephanie should have stopped with Eclipse.  It's bad enough that Bella is just 18 years old getting married to Edward who is a \\"few\\" years her senior.  Aside from this, the book was anticlimatic and somewhat predictable and boring.  It was obvious that with this book Stephanie was just trying to make all of her fans happy.  I would have preferred a different ending to this saga.
B0032JTV6U|1.0|I love Glee, it's one of my favorite shows on television right now.  I was so excited when I signed up to be notified when \\"Glee Season 1, Volume 2\\" would be released.  Now imagine my surprise when I got an email notification for \\"Glee: The Complete First Season.\\"    I thought it was a mistake but when I visited Amazon and read around I find out that it's not a mistake.  I am extremely disappointed as I have no intention for paying $40 for a series I already own over half the episodes for.  I wouldn't be so mad if it had been made clear when \\"Volume 1\\" had been released back in 2009 that it was created for the original 13 episodes before it was officially decided to expand the first season.  That happens, and there's nothing wrong with it, however to have \\"Volume 1\\" is misleading and implies that there will be a \\"Volume 2.\\"    I refuse to purchase this DVD unless, in my wildest dreams, they cut the price in half to make up for the money I already spent on Volume 1.  I'll get the rest of the episodes another way, either iTunes or something else.    Really though, whoever was in charge of marketing the DVDs needs to have their position reevaluated.  If you want to entice more people to buy complete sets as opposed to individual volumes you add things like exclusive content or limited edition swag.  You don't give customers an ultimatum of either paying $40 for an extra 9 episodes or buying lower video quality episodes from iTunes (sorry iTunes but I've yet to see you reach full DVD quality with live action shows).
B001BPJJ9G|2.0|The previews for this film were filled with amazing visuals.  The preview shots were the only good parts of this movie.  The story was weaker than the synopsis would lead one to believe.
0393312836|5.0|The book came sooner than anticipated, and in better condition than thought.  Thank you so much for your quick service.  I would definitely use you again.
B0000024ZT|4.0|Bought this for my husband. He enjoyed it up until our toddler got his hands on it and scratched it. Good classics for Springstein fans.
B001KVZ6FW|1.0|I am a hearing impaired person.  I was unable to access the menu or captions for the haring impaired for this DVD.  I returned the DVD and requested another one.  I was unable to access the menu or captions on the second DVD. As a result, I was very disappointed in the technical quality of this product and I am not sure I would purchase another Disney product. The jacket indicated that there were captions for the hearing impaired. Is this truth in advertising?
B000002IQW|5.0|Skid Row were a great band that came out at the wrong place at the wrong time.<br /><br />The band had the indignity of becoming big just as the era of hair metal was coming to an end and grunge was about to explode. Many hair metal bands, like Slaughter, Poison, Great White and Faster Pussycat, deserved to be wiped off the face of the world but many others, like Skid Row, Cinderella, Motley Crue and Tesla, did not deserve to be lumped into one grotesque category. Slave to the Grind, which came out in 1991, the same year Nevermind was released, was living proof that there was more Skid Row than the hair.<br /><br />Anyone who thinks of Skid Row as a pedestrian hair metal band clearly did not listen to this album. The entire record, from top to bottom, is loud, raw, pummeling and savage to the core, a complete contrast from the glittery, polished sound of Bon Jovi, Whitesnake and even Skid Row's self-titled debut album. Slave gets off to a fiery start with a pummeling triple threat: the vicious opener \\"Monkey Business\\", adrenaline-rushed title track and rollicking \\"Threat\\". Like a cross between Aerosmith, Guns N' Roses and Pantera, these songs are a ferocious assault on the senses and they set the mood for the entire album: \\"Livin' on a Chain Gang\\", \\"Riot Act\\" and \\"Mudkicker\\" are legitimate ass-kickers with a political bite and ballads like \\"Quicksand Jesus\\", \\"In a Darkened Room\\" and the spine-tingling \\"Wasted Time\\" have more character and grit than any of the so-called power ballads from that era. At this point, Skid Row had come a long way from singing songs about remembrance, spending 18 and life in prison and youths going wild.<br /><br />That the album hit #1 at the Billboard charts was no accident: fans were craving for rock bands that were authentic and raw in their content, not pristine and glossy in their form. Skid Row, at least temporarily, fulfilled those wishes and the success of Slave to the Grind paved the way for many brilliant metal albums going #1 like Metallica's Metallica (1991), Guns N' Roses' Use Your Illusion I and II (1991) and Pantera's Far Beyond Driven (1994). When all was said and done, it seemed like Skid Row were set to become one of the biggest rock bands of the 1990's.<br /><br />Then grunge came along and Skid Row's success was forever derailed. They made one more album afterwards but the writing was on the wall. It's a crying shame because Skid Row were a league above the poodle haired deadbeats who placed their emphasis on their looks over musicianship. Slave to the Grind provides evidence that Skid Row were a great band in the making. It also serves as a sad reminder of just what Skid Row could have achieved hit if grunge didn't happen.<br /><br />Strongly recommended.ike Metallica's Metallica (1991), Guns N' Roses' Use Your Illusion I and II (1991) and Pantera's Far Beyond Driven (1994). When all was said and done, it seemed like Skid Row were set to become one of the biggest rock bands of the 1990's.<br /><br />Then grunge came along and Skid Row's success was forever derailed. They made one more album afterwards but the writing was on the wall. It's a crying shame because Skid Row were a league above the poodle haired deadbeats who placed their emphasis on their looks over musicianship. Slave to the Grind provides evidence that Skid Row were a great band in the making. It also serves as a sad reminder of just what Skid Row could have achieved hit if grunge didn't happen.<br /><br />Strongly recommended.
B002ZG9968|2.0|Part of the Jennifer Lopez Comeback Machine, the new film \\"The Back-Up Plan\\", tries to be a sweet-natured old-fashioned romantic comedy. But it isn't funny enough or interesting enough to provide anything other than a way to pass some time when it eventually begins its endless rotation on Basic Cable.<br /><br />Zoe (Lopez) owns a small pet boutique in Manhattan. Desperate to have a child and unwilling to wait any longer for Mr. Right, she tries artificial insemination. The day this process \\"takes\\", she meets Stan (Alex O'Loughlin, the good looking star of two television flops \\"Moonlight\\" and \\"Three Rivers\\", he's good looking, but he can't act). Stan is a merchant at the local farmer's market, peddling the cheese he grows on his farm. Seriously. Stan is attracted to Zoe and wants to get to know her.  For some reason, he initially puts her off, so it takes a while, but eventually, she relents and agrees to go on a date. Just as they start to get to know each other, Zoe tells him about the pregnancy. He decides to stick with her, helping her through the process. Hilarity ensues.<br /><br />Yes, I know. Doesn't sound all that hilarious does it. And that is a large part of the problem with this romantic comedy. Directed by Alan Poul (one of the Executive Producers on HBO's \\"Six Feet Under\\" and TV's \\"Swingtown\\"), the film tries desperately to make some situations funny. And the desperation shows. When this happens, and it happens too much, the film becomes a tedious exercise.<br /><br />There were a lot of wrong decisions made in the making of this film. Every time you want to escape into Stan's romantic antics (the first dinner he takes Zoe to is pretty special), the filmmakers almost seem to think they need a laugh and try to make something happen. When it does, it only serves to spoil the moment and worse, it doesn't make you laugh. When Zoe thinks she might have to face life as a single mom, she attends a Single Mom's group. The main joke here seems to be that everyone attending the group seems to be a lesbian couple. The leader very carefully enunciates each of the words in the acronym a few times. This moment seems to go on forever. And Zoe seems to stick with the group to avoid offending anyone. After Stan enters the picture, she gets roped into another meeting and brings Stan along. This scene goes on FOREVER and isn't nearly as funny as everyone involved with the film seems to think it is. Outtakes from this scene play during the credits and both Lopez and O'Loughlin are captured laughing hysterically.<br /><br />The filmmakers also seem to want to make Lopez into a Caucasian woman. Is there anyone on the planet who doesn't know who Jennifer Lopez is? After spending years looking at her face plastered on the cover of just about every magazine, watching her music videos, seeing her perform on television, watching her movies, I would find it hard pressed to believe anyone wouldn't recognize her on sight. So why try and hide her ethnicity? Her grandmother is played by Linda Lavin (TV's \\"Alice) who is about as white as bread. And the filmmakers go to great lengths to hide Lopez's back-end. She is always carrying a big canvas bag that almost always conveniently hangs across her backside. Her clothes are designed to slim her down. They are trying to hide who she is. Will this make her a more respected actress? No, doing some good work will make her a more respected actress. And this film doesn't accomplish that.<br /><br />Lopez seems to be trying to create a semi-real portrait of a young single woman. But just as she begins to reach anything worth noting, the story gets her involved in some stupid slapstick thing. The slapstick would work if the entire film were funnier and faster-paced. Because it isn't, these moments seem strained. In one, Stan catches Zoe dipping big chunks of bread into a pot of bubbling stew, seemingly unable to control herself. Look at the pretty woman making a fool of herself. There are more scenes likethis.<br /><br />Zoe is a frustrated woman, desperate to have a child. The film opens with Zoe on a gynecologist's chair, her legs in the air. The doctor has just inseminated and she desperately wants this to 'take', so she leaves the office, walking with her legs clamped together. Lopez certainly appears game to try and make this a funny movie, but everything plays out like a bad \\"Saturday Night Live\\" skit, too long by half.<br /><br />Alex O'Loughlin? He's good looking... the filmmakers can't wait to get his shirt off... and this is the only reason he continues to get work. He isn't a good actor. Every time his characters have to show an emotion, it seems just too forced, a couple of degrees beyond natural, and this makes every performance seem like a cartoon character.<br /><br />Michaela Watkins (\\"Saturday Night Live\\" and lots of other TV work) plays Zoe's best friend. You'll recognize the \\"best friend\\" immediately. If Lopez's Zoe is supposed to be the beautiful, natural woman, desperate for love, Watkins' Mona is the brash-talking, no nonsense, been-there done-that best friend/ comic relief. This character has been done millions of times and usually she is a lot funnier and more interesting.<br /><br />Linda Lavin plays Zoe's grandma, the woman who raised her. Grandma actually seems like a nice woman, a believable character, but she has so little screen time it is very difficult to get to know her. She lives in a rest home and has a finacee played by Tom Bosley.<br /><br />Because Zoe is a woman who owns a small shop, she is naturally very busy and the Romantic Comedy Gods dictate that she employ a staff of wacky employees; a sort of comedy Greek chorus, ready and willing to comment and become a part of Zoe's life, but only to generate laughs. That's the promise anyway; the reality is nothing in \\"Back-Up\\" creates many laughs.<br /><br />From the \\"meet cute\\" moment, to the predictable fights, to the predictable friends and the predictable 'wacky situations', everything in \\"The Back-Up Plan\\" is, well... predictable.<br /><br />Generally when a film is this predictable, it needs to be very funny in order to work. \\"The Back-Up Plan\\" has a few laughs, but it isn't funny enough to override the ongoing sense of dread we have while watching the film. When we realize everything in this film is borrowed from another, we start to fondly remember, longingly remember, back to the funnier, better films that came before Lopez's most recent comeback vehicle.erate to have a child. The film opens with Zoe on a gynecologist's chair, her legs in the air. The doctor has just inseminated and she desperately wants this to 'take', so she leaves the office, walking with her legs clamped together. Lopez certainly appears game to try and make this a funny movie, but everything plays out like a bad \\"Saturday Night Live\\" skit, too long by half.    Alex O'Loughlin? He's good looking... the filmmakers can't wait to get his shirt off... and this is the only reason he continues to get work. He isn't a good actor. Every time his characters have to show an emotion, it seems just too forced, a couple of degrees beyond natural, and this makes every performance seem like a cartoon character.    Michaela Watkins (\\"Saturday Night Live\\" and lots of other TV work) plays Zoe's best friend. You'll recognize the \\"best friend\\" immediately. If Lopez's Zoe is supposed to be the beautiful, natural woman, desperate for love, Watkins' Mona is the brash-talking, no nonsense, been-there done-that best friend/ comic relief. This character has been done millions of times and usually she is a lot funnier and more interesting.    Linda Lavin plays Zoe's grandma, the woman who raised her. Grandma actually seems like a nice woman, a believable character, but she has so little screen time it is very difficult to get to know her. She lives in a rest home and has a finacee played by Tom Bosley.    Because Zoe is a woman who owns a small shop, she is naturally very busy and the Romantic Comedy Gods dictate that she employ a staff of wacky employees; a sort of comedy Greek chorus, ready and willing to comment and become a part of Zoe's life, but only to generate laughs. That's the promise anyway; the reality is nothing in \\"Back-Up\\" creates many laughs.    From the \\"meet cute\\" moment, to the predictable fights, to the predictable friends and the predictable 'wacky situations', everything in \\"The Back-Up Plan\\" is, well... predictable.    Generally when a film is thispredictable, it needs to be very funny in order to work. \\"The Back-Up Plan\\" has a few laughs, but it isn't funny enough to override the ongoing sense of dread we have while watching the film. When we realize everything in this film is borrowed from another, we start to fondly remember, longingly remember, back to the funnier, better films that came before Lopez's most recent comeback vehicle.
B0039ZF8D2|5.0|When I heard that Nas and Damian Marley were putting out an album, I didn't think much of it at first. Then I heard a preview of it on itunes, and I found myself jamming to the songs. I love how the rap and reggae flow together as one. I know other rap artists have done songs with reggae artists, but something about how the style of Nas and Damian fit perfectly together, almost like they were meant to collaborate on an album together or something. I just hope this isn't the last of this amazing pairing. I would like to hear more material from both of these guys again. I just wish I was going to Bonnaroo so I could see their set. I recommend this album to anybody who is a fan of Nas, or Damian Marley, or both for that matter. This album is simply AMAZING....
B003N9TVWS|2.0|I have a large Hong Kong cinema library and lived in the south of China near Hong Kong for a while so I feel I'm in the position to compare a good movie with a poor or unacceptable one with regard to authenticity and realism. In my haste to buy this title (Ip Man 2) because I was extremely impressed with the first \\"Ip man\\" and a huge Donnie Yen fan I didn't look closely enough at the description.  This is a copy and a poor one at that.  Also in Mandarin only whereas the first \\"Ip Man\\" offered Cantonese which is the traditional language of Hong Kong and Foshan.  The language issue takes away significantly from the movie in my opinion.  Plus the image quality is not good with frequent \\"jerky\\" movements in the action.  Alas, you get what you pay for.....    Do yourself a favor and wait until later in the year when the real thing comes out.
B002RI9ZPY|5.0|This, the third part of the late Stieg Larsson's Millenium Trilogy is a fitting end. Unlike the second part, this one follows on immediately after with Lisbeth in hospital having been shot. It focuses much more onto the secret service (SAPO) conspiracy and how this ties in with her life.<br /><br />As with the first two books, the translation is mostly good but does feel a bit stilted on occasions. This causes it to lose the edge to the story in places, particularly around the trial as I felt I was reading that as a foregone conclusion. However, these are really minor irritations in what is other wise an excellent story that is more than worth the time invested in reading it.<br /><br />It is a real pity that he died so suddenly as he has left enough loose ends that one can only assume where the seeds for further books.
B000P6YNSE|4.0|I have the benefit of watching this series for the first time without having to wait a week between episodes. If I had been watching it live, I would have wandered away by now. Watching each episode in quick sucession will tide me through this season as I am told season four picks up again.
B000W7JWUA|5.0|I have played it several times and everyone enjoyed it. Complication and strategy wise it might be little bit easier than Risk but its quicker and more fun.
B000035Z3K|5.0|The Real Original Dracula(as far as movies go) Bela Lugosi, The movie is a Masterpiece,While I prefer Frankenstein and more so Bride of Frankenstein to Dracula,there is no denying the ability of Bela to be the only true Dracula.
B002Z0TPFE|2.0|Movie: (would rate as 2 stars)  I know it's supposed to be sci-fi, but there should be at least some level of reality to it... Way to far-fetched for my liking.    Service: (would rate as 3 stars)  Watched this on a Roku box via Amazon Video On Demand - quality was 'OK', but nothing near BluRay HD.
B0039ZF89G|5.0|The remastered tracks speak for themselves. Do not deny yourself because of a few who have tin ears, inferior stereos or expected 10x12 personally autographed pictures in the package...LOL...  buy it!!!
B0025KW29U|5.0|Dr. Horrible's Sing-a-long Blog was one of those rare moments of genius that made it from inception to implementation.  Joss Whedon took Neil Patrick Harris, Nathan Fillion, and Felicia Day, and gave us simultaneously something new and something old.  He gave us new characters in a creative setting crafted in a show built to spec for a new medium, web delivery, but he gave it to us in the classic format of the musical that has been all but left behind.  Anyone who hasn't seen it, should.  And if you're a geek and you haven't seen it already, shame on you.
0879309210|4.0|Give a ton of really good info. Learned a lot.<br />Spends a little too much time on certain brands in my humble opinion.<br />Other than that it's very good
B002BWP4A6|5.0|I think that Michael Haneke is a genius.  I just want that to be made clear.  His depictions of violence and their effect on humanity are just outstanding to watch and contemplate.  He really understands his vision, his subject and his goal as an auteur.  Yes, Michael Haneke is one of the most influential and more talented directors we have working today; maybe even ever.<br /><br />`Das Weisse Band' is possibly his best film yet; although it is a tough call really.<br /><br />The film takes a stark look at a German village on the eve of World War I.  The film opens with a malicious accident that injures a doctor.  From there events only get more and more bizarre, and brutal.  It appears that something strange is happening in the village, something that seems to involve the children.  Some of the children are abused, possibly by one another, and accusations and retaliations are made that result in a rift through the village.  As the film draws to its conclusion (nearly two and a half hours later) we are left with the biter realization that we may never know fully what went on in that village.  Yes, in true Haneke fashion, the ending is as ambiguous as possible without distracting from the films overall impact.<br /><br />You don't know, but in a way you always have known.<br /><br />In the film the `white ribbon' represents innocence.  It is a ribbon tied to the children of a certain household.  When they become involved in something their parents consider unsavory, that ribbon is removed.  For me this was a central part in the films underlying message.  This is very much a film about lost innocence.  Yes, Haneke (as per usual) is investigating acts of violence (and there are some serious acts here) and how they effect a community, an individual, the audience; but there is another layer here that adds to the films poignancy.<br /><br />Whether or not these children were directly involved in the atrocities we witness, they witnessed them none-the-less and were affected accordingly.  How fitting too when considering the films setting; just shy of the war that would define a complete loss of innocence.<br /><br />I fear of giving too much away here (although this film begs to be analyzed, explored and discussed).  I don't want to ruin this experience for anyone, so I'll refrain from getting into the plot and or revelations any more than I already have.  Instead, I'll now switch my focus to the technical merits at play here.<br /><br />From the acting to the cinematography to the sound (yes, I said SOUND), this movie is simply perfection.<br /><br />I'll start with the crisp and direct direction.  The way that Haneke frames each scene adds to his focus here.  He layers his shots with the same sense of ambiguity that he layers his script.  He shows you just enough, just as he tells you just enough.  That script may be the best of 2009, for it continues to unveil layers long after the film has finished.  The cinematography is simply stunning, the rich black and white laying a haunting finish over Haneke's imagery; allowing the deep, darkness of the tonal message to seep in through the eyes.  The ensemble as a collective piece is also very engaging; brilliantly used (especially the numerous child performers who all nail their characters internal and external complexities).  There are far too many to list them all, but personally the films standout performance comes from Burghart Klaussner, who plays the Pastor.  There is such depth to his performance, emoting so much with his eyes as he observes his children and contemplates their failings.  The stern paternal shell subtly shifting to allow us a glimpse of his own fears is just so `organic'.<br /><br />This film as a whole is just that; organic.<br /><br />As `Das Weisse Band' draws to a close, I find the tension in my body reaching the maximum, for I'm sure (positive) that my eyes are bound to opened.  At first, as the inevitable sinks in (that understanding that my eyes are going to remain closed) I find that tension releasing, but then I chomp down once more.  The unknown is far more haunting than a factual explanation, and Haneke's brilliant decision to (once again) keep things `hidden'* creates an even more poignant and provocative film experience.<br /><br />*Yes, this is a direct homage to `Cache' (or `Hidden'), which could very well be Haneke's finest film, that is if `Das Weisse Band' isn't.e.  The unknown is far more haunting than a factual explanation, and Haneke's brilliant decision to (once again) keep things `hidden'* creates an even more poignant and provocative film experience.    *Yes, this is a direct homage to `Cache' (or `Hidden'), which could very well be Haneke's finest film, that is if `Das Weisse Band' isn't.
B0039TD7RC|1.0|If you want to hear an excellent CD version of this classic,go back to the 1994 Bob Ludwig remaster.To my ears,this is one of the worst sounding reissues I've heard in a  very long time...
B002ZG974M|5.0|A short time ago, my wife and I were joined by a new baby and our remarkable little boy is now at 19 months. The baby was a first for both of us and neither of us had almost any prior experience with an infant. Everything that unfolded was new and a very interesting experience. When my wife spotted the new \\"Babies\\" movie, we just had to see it. We both enjoyed it very much and will be buying the DVD when it becomes available.<br /><br />The movie is a very unusual documentary of four babies in four different parts of the world (San Francisco, Tokyo, Mongolia and Namibia) and four different cultures. There is no story. There are no spoken words, only background sounds. The movie goes from scene to scene, back and forth, back and forth from baby to baby and location to location. We watched with fascination as each baby learned to adapt and cope with it's new life as it unfolded in it's particular environment. Very interesting to watch. We cringed at some of the baby experiences and laughed at others. Of course, we had our own living example for comparison and it has promoted a wealth of conversation.<br /><br />If you have a newborn/toddler, be sure to see this movie. You'll enjoy it immensely. Actually,babies are so interesting and humorous that almost anyone could enjoy the film. It's a very unusual movie to view. The photography in the various settings is excellent. The sound is good. Relax and enjoy.<br /><br />Gary Peterson
B001XRLWPQ|5.0|This was a purchase for a gift and it was very speedy shipping and the DVD was in excellent condition!
B002ZG98Z0|5.0|SATC has never disappointed.  I've liked some characters and plot lines better than others, and I really didn't like the first SATC movie very much, but no matter how I've felt about the stories, the writing has been tight, the plotting elegant, and the acting wonderful.  That said, I loved SATC2. Really. Funny, campy and endearing, it pulls out all the stops on everything that's made SATC so good and its fans so loyal and added a few things that were unexpectedly sweet.<br /><br />Seriously folks, this movie is almost worth seeing for the opening scene alone when we get the backstories about how our favorite BFFs first met and we get to see them in their 1980s incarnations.  This lasts but a moment though, and then the ladies in their current, sleekly confident personas are gathering to go pick out wedding presents for former enemies Stanford and Anthony who are OMG getting married in Connecticut because it's legal there.  The second reason to see this movie is for the wedding.  It's high camp, just what you'd want if you were Anthony and Stanford and just when Samantha says, \\"Could this wedding be any ---er?\\" out comes Liza Minelli. Ahahahaha. In other news, the wedding provides an opportunity to find out what everyone's been up to for two years.<br /><br />Uh oh.  Each of our girls is having a crisis. Two years into their marriage, Carrie is distressed because all Big wants to do is stay home, eat takeout and watch TV.  Not only that, but he thinks he needs two days off a week to do whatever he wants. Carrie's not quite certain how she feels about that but is pretty sure it's a good thing they never sold her apartment. Sidebar:  Big has a last name.  It's Preston.  Charlotte is finding out that motherhood is just plain exhausting, even with a nanny and speaking of the nanny, she's worried that Harry is going to go all Jude Law on her.  Samantha is horrified because she seems to have lost interest in her favorite pastime and is applying so many creams and taking so many vitamins it's amazing she has time to work. Miranda's boss at the law firm (played by the hilarious Ron White) is so opposed to hearing anything she has to say he actually puts his hand up to cut her off when she tries to speak at meetings.  Things ain't rosy for anyone.<br /><br />Enter salvation in the form of Samantha's previous squeeze Smith who's just finished filming a movie in Abu Dhabi.  He brags all over the place to the Sheikh about how much Samantha did for his career and the Sheikh thinks, hmmm. Maybe this Samantha Jones can put Abu Dhabi on the map.<br /><br />Say what?<br /><br />Anyway the Sheikh offers to send Sam and her three bffs to his 'hood for a week, all expenses paid.  Let the fantasy vacation commence.  It does.  The only thing is--of all the spice souks in all the world, Aidan just happens to walk into Carrie's.  They have dinner.  Uh oh. Oh dear.  What will happen?  Things are looking up, extremely up, for Samantha, until her hot date with a hot architect or something like that turns extremely ugly in a slapstick kind of way.  Miranda and Charlotte get to spend some quality time together discussing motherhood and of course there's shopping, fashion (some more successful than others) and camels. I can't say more without spoilage, and not for anything would I ruin this movie for anyone.<br /><br />What's endearing about SATC2 and why I liked it better than the first one is because it contains elements everyone can relate to, much more than either the series or the first movie.  This is a SATC of the bad economy, ageism (Miley Cyrus' cameo is priceless) and coping with the ennui of everyday life.  It's not afraid to poke fun at itself and does so with clever dialogue and plot twists.  It's an ambitious movie--at just under two and a half hours, it had better have a lot to say--and it delivers.  It's thoughtful and if some of the plot elements are a bit thin, that's OK because suspending disbelief has always been an essential componentof enjoying SATC.  (How did those women eat and drink so much and stay so thin?) The nice thing is that it has a happy ending, everyone's life is better, problems resolved and best of all, everybody's still friends.  If you're not a fan of SATC, don't go see this movie.  If you are, you'll love the inside jokes, the familiar characters and the shoes.and drink so much and stay so thin?) The nice thing is that it has a happy ending, everyone's life is better, problems resolved and best of all, everybody's still friends.  If you're not a fan of SATC, don't go see this movie.  If you are, you'll love the inside jokes, the familiar characters and the shoes.
B0027BOL4G|5.0|This video was so eye-opening!  I had no idea what I was putting in my mouth, even when I thought I was making healthy choices.  Thank you, makers of FOOD, INC., for your investment in helping give us all safer and healthier food choices.
B00005V9QJ|5.0|For anyone who thinks a Sade concert is a somber, sleepy affair, check out this live disc (as well as both concert dvds). Sade and the guys put on a hell of a show (or two since this album makes up performances from both shows in Anaheim and Inglewood, California) without booming sound effects and over the top vocals.<br /><br />Cherish the Day kicks things off perfectly with it's signature airy guitar and peaceful atmosphere. Other classics include the spicy The Sweetest Taboo, colorfully poetic Kiss of Life, and Paradise gets a rock makeover. Love the snippet of Never Good As The First Time (have they ever performed the whole song live?) at the very end of Somebody Already Broke My Heart and new at the time tunes like By Your Side, Flow, and Slave Song are welcome additions. The big show stopper is Is It A Crime. Sade's usually soft vocals are expanded with several dips, trills, and a range spanning finish that no one knew she had in her!<br /><br />Now for the downers. Only 13 of the 22 songs are featured so live performances of King Of Sorrow, Pearls, and Cherry Pie are missing. Not to mention, the Red Eye instrumental is faded out just after Smooth Operator. Also the cheering and yelling from the audience is grating at times. Despite that, Lovers Live is a must in every music collection. Don't forget the dvd too!
1594744475|5.0|I have been making bento lunches for myself & daughter for two years, and became a fan of Adventures in Bento Making blog during this time.  So, when I heard Pikko was co-authoring a bento book, I was thrilled.  Yum-Yum Bento Box is full of instructions, recipes and tips on how to make these fun, colorful and healthy meals.  One of the best features is that most of the ingredients used are readily available, even in my small rural town.    The book has a brief introduction  to bento, guidelines on how to pack a healthy bento lunch, and a section on boxes, accessories and tools.  Also included is a helpful shopping guide and glossary at the end of the book.  The pictures are a delight to the eye and demo photos make it easy to reproduce these adorable characters.  I definitely recommend Yum-Yum Bento Box to anyone interested in learning to making bento lunches
B00006ZCFH|4.0|If you're new to Erykah, skip this one. It's more abstract and less focused making it the least accessible of all her albums. That's also what makes it so interesting. After a bad case of writer's block in early 2003, Badu set out on her month long Frustrated Artist tour to get the creative juices flowing. Shortly after the tour wrapped, Worldwide Underground was born. Two of the songs exceed 8 to 10 minutes while the others range from 4 to 5.<br /><br />Bump It starts out well with a Zap Mama flavored beat, but the repetitive lyrics (Push up the fader/Bust the meter/Shake the tweeter/Bump it - Well Well Well) and directionless flow make it feel longer than it's actual 8:49 run. You might have to be in a certain mood to enjoy it. The 5 minute Back In The Day (Puff) is easier to digest with it's feel good, summery vibe. Erykah likes to puff? Get outta town! I Want You takes a while to get going, but turns into Chaka styled funk fest when it does. The first 2 minutes of a heartbeat and Lenny Kravitz's  out of nowhere guitar solo are head scratchers, but quirky additions.<br /><br />Woo is a 70s soul meets modern day hip hop head bobber and The Grind focuses on the hardships of poverty. Both end too quickly. Danger is a horn spiked sequel to Baduizm's Otherside Of The Game. I love how high energy it is compared to the laidback original. Think Twice gets going with an intimate setting, but gets the plug pulled right when it's getting good. What's up with that, Badu?<br /><br />Queen Latifah, Angie Stone, and Bahamadia get on board for the delectably 80s remix to Love Of My Life. This so called EP isn't for everybody and takes time to grow on you, but take your time before giving it a go. And Badu's world keeps turnin' on & on & on.....
B001HNE3NO|4.0|I enjoyed this book, even as difficult as the topic is to read.  This is one of those book that reads completely different at different times & phases of your own life.  My daughter was born just a few month prior to reading and it gave me a whole new perspective.  Our book club members all mentioned totally different areas of the novel that touched us most.
B000LAZDQA|2.0|Exciting film, quite erotic....dvd was defective, about 2/3 of the way through, the dvd stopped.
B002C6A6N6|5.0|I had all of the shows of DR Quinn on VHS tapes, but lost my collection when my home was lost. I am very happy to be able to replace my lost collection. I did not buy the DVD entire show set when it was first released, because of the price being over 200 dollars. I am glad that I was able to find the entire series for under $100 on Amazon. I haven't had a chance to watch the entire collection yet, but look forward to being able to see the shows again. What I have watched I have enjoyed. This was one of the last good family friendly dramas on TV, and the last show I ever watched on CBS. The collection arrived before time, was well packaged, and about the best price I found. I was also surprised and pleased,that the DR Quinn Movies, made after the series was cancelled, was also included in this collection.
0061537969|4.0|If you love dogs and can get beyond the first chapter, you will find this an enjoyable read.
0140103112|5.0|Thoroughly enjoyed the book. Very well written and funny.  Very happy with delivery and book condition.
B002ZG98Z0|2.0|The first half hour was pretty good, but the movie got progressively more dull and boring as the rest of the 2 hours dragged on. The men, with the exception of Big, were reduced to cameo appearances and the ladies are getting a little too old for the sophomoric escapades in the movie. Samantha, at 52 (Kim Catrell being 54 in real life), is getting too old to play femme fatale while Miranda and Charlotte complain how motherhood is soooooo hard while both of them have live-in nannies and Carrie, after 12 years, needs to leave the whiney crap for the angst ridden 20-something year olds. This movie will do good for the first few weeks, but as word of mouth spreads; the revenues will stop. No hope for a SATC 3 after this turkey. Better they should have a prequel, set in the 1980s, with a group of younger actresses. Avoid this one and wait for the video, but I know you won't.
B003HARV98|5.0|My friend recently told me about Marina & the Diamonds and I am in love with her! Her songs are so catchy. My favorite songs off the album are Are You Satisfied, Hollywood, and I Am Not A Robot, but all of her songs are great. I have been listening to this album non stop since finding out about her. She deserves to be huge. She is so much better than most of the music on the radio today. Buy this album, especially if you like Kate Nash or Florence + the Machine, you will not regret it.
1595825045|5.0|Whether you are a fan of the show, a fan of art books or an artist looking for some quality inspiration..this book is for you. Most every backdrop and item in the show is covered in the book along with plenty of inside trivia about the design process and how the show came to exist. The intro chapter gave me a warm, fuzzy feeling; two college friends draw something on the back of a napkin and come out years later with Avatar. It's like a best case dream scenario that my college friends and I would think about.    My one critique on the book is that I'd have liked some turnarounds for the s3 costumes, including expression studies. That is overall such a minor nitpick though, this book well and truly deserves its spot on my bookshelf. When it gets there, I mean...I'm too busy ogling it for now.
B000065V3H|5.0|In my class, we compare Polonius' Speech from Hamlet with Can't Buy Me Love and the students love it.  They think the fashion, hairstyles, and slang is absolutely outrageous, but hilarious at the same time.
0786868724|5.0|I loved this book and every last tear-dropping moment in it. It's an important book. When we live in a world where people are obsessed with the belief that their religion is the right and only religion, it takes a book like this to remind people that any kind path to God is a good path. Period.
B0008ENIAC|4.0|Shipped quickly, DVD in good shape and a good price. The DVD case looked cheap and there was no documentation inside.   This is one of Joan Crawford's classic movies.   Carol Burnett spooffed this movie on her TV Show.
B001IAOEXU|5.0|This is a neat item to have for your PS3. They just fit on the triggers perfect. I digg these.
B000MR9D5E|5.0|I highly recommend this wonderful 5 disc set of Planet Earth.  Although disc numbers 4 & 5 had to be fast forward the first few moments in order to play. I feel they are defective but still worth the price of the complete BBC series.
B002VPE1AW|3.0|I waited to watch this DVD because the sales lady at Walmart said this was not in 3D, so I rented it a month later instead of buying it.  I have saved all of my 3D glasses over the years and tried them all. The one that worked and made this movie in 3D were the glassses for the \\"This is it\\" segment on the Grammys. I watched this Avatar DVD on a 32 inch HD TV and it WAS in 3D!  Now I will buy this DVD, why wait for the extras? I don't watch them anyway.
0142410705|4.0|When John Green's novel opens it's the morning after high school graduation and Colin Singleton is bemoaning the loss of his girlfriend, the latest in a statistically improbably string of girls named Katherine who have broken up with him. His streak of exclusively dating Katherines--the latest, and most serious, was the 19th--is one of the things that has defined Colin. The other is that he is--or was, at this point--a child prodigy. His ability to remember minutiae is circus-freaky good, and he can anagram anything instantly. But child prodigies don't necessarily grow up to become geniuses capable of original ideas. And Colin is worried that for all his studying and smarts, he won't really matter in the end. If he's not a child prodigy, what is he? By way of dealing with both problems--the hole left by Katherine and his identity crisis--Colin and his friend Hassan embark on a road trip. Unlikely experiences and new relationships result. Eventually, Colin sees a way of dealing with both of his problems through, of all things, a mathematical theorem.<br /><br />John Green's anagram-laced prose is clever and his story, if unlikely to keep readers up late, turns out to be very sweet. (My only complaint about Green's writing is his over-use of the Norman Mailer-inspired expletive \\"fugging,\\" which becomes tiresome very fast.) The book is packed with interesting information--stuff Colin injects into his conversations because he doesn't know his audience well enough to keep quiet, but also stuff Green puts in the footnotes. (For example, we're told that Nikola Tesla was unusually fond of pigeons, and he reportedly said of one particular bird, \\"I loved that pigeon. I loved her as a man loves a woman.\\") If you have any smart YA readers in your life, this one may be for them.<br /><br />-- Debra Hamel
030726999X|4.0|The only reason I give this book a 4 out of 5 stars is because of the grammatical errors left by the editors when translating from swedish to english. Several times I had to put the book down because of the frustration when trying to read the book.  Having to re-read the sentence in order to understand what the author was intending to say, is disrupting to the flow of the book. Great story so far, and very hard to put down when it gets good. I just wish the editor and book publisher had taken the time to make sure all of the translation made it through properly to insure the best book possible. So the now deceased author's works would be the way he wrote them.  \\"She left to repaired to the couch...\\" I think they meant to say \\"She left to retire to the couch..\\"  But definitely worth the read, if you have read the other books.
B000BSLU2S|4.0|My i3-540 Intel Retail cpu installed on an Intel motherboard was overheating - hitting 104 C and shutting down.  I couldn't run the win7 performance without overheating.  The problem was that the supplied thermal transfer for the heat sink wasn't working very well.  The Arctic 5 arrived and it would get 5 stars except that, to install it, I had to find 3 things = pure alcohol, a no-lint swab, and an 'old' credit card.  If you have all these things handy, then you give it 5 stars.  Why can't Arctic charge $1 more and put a little sealed up swab, with a piece of plastic in the package and make the whole experience easy?  anyway, now the cpu idles at 32 C, and runs up to about 46 C when working hard in the performance test.  It never gets out of the green band of the Intel CPU meter.  The instructions were very good, and although picky, they are easy to follow and give good results.  Great product.
B0021L8UPS|5.0|This dvd arrived just as described. I am very pleased with and highly recommend the seller.
B001HN694K|4.0|Like every movie based on a book. You have tough critics waiting to talk. As a director, one can't expect to satisfy everyone. You must be true to your project, and be happy with the results. Tim is a director who likes to take chances with his work, and ends up amazing the world.     I saw this masterpiece at the movies twice, once in 3D and the second, in standard 2D.   I must say that both were incredible, but I preferred the 2D version.     Please remember that you can make hundreds of versions of any story, each one is unique and original.     I looved this movie, the story was different, but still maintaining the same characters we've come to love over the years.     For first class obsessive compulsive movie buyers like me it's a movie, one MUST have. The perfect movie for a cool rainy day on the couch.    Be open minded and check it out !
1592289444|4.0|This is a mind-boggling true story of what men will go through to reach freedom.
0792839730|5.0|One of the best combat movies ever done. Illustrates the futility of relying on desk generals to run a war from a chalk board. It's hard to believe we won the war, but then again we had George Patton!
0385504225|5.0|2010-05-29
B000HEWEDK|5.0|Leslie Nielsen before he took on comedy. Walter Pigeon is most believable as the villain. You have to have this one in your collection if for no other reason than Robbie the robot! Imagine a robot that can produce everything from a ball gown to 100 proof booze-obviously what killed the Krell!
1401309666|5.0|This is the 2nd book I have read from Mr. Anderson. His writing is very deep and straight to the Point. He does a great job at explaining the term Long Tail, one which I was not very familiar with until I read his other book \\"Free: The New Radical Price\\" . I think it should be a must read for any type of business which is seeking on how to improve and stay up to date on current technology patterns.
B00006DEFA|5.0|One of the best composer movies of all time. Tom Hulce shows all he learned in Animal House as a quirky composer in a complicated world with a manic father. Abraham deserved his accolades.
081297381X|5.0|\\"Great book if you are in and out of the Risk Management Scenario. It makes you really think on the Real Meaning of Risk Management. His use of narrative and quotes where very creative and useful to understand his way of thinking. \\"
B002VECM6S|3.0|*** This review contains spoilers ***<br /><br />The Blind Side is one of those movies that manages to evoke a huge difference in opinion as to whether film works or not. I'm somewhere in the middle. Certainly the saga of the White Republican Tuohy family who takes in Michael Oher, a black kid from the 'other side of the tracks', and then helps him to become what he has become today, a very successful NFL star football player, is an inspirational tale of true Christian charity. On the other hand, the story is riddled with so many clich&eacute;s that ultimately the film devolves into a predictable tale of the rise of an underprivileged youth.<br /><br />Some posters argue that the white characters in the film, particularly the Tuohy family themselves, come off as saintly and the black characters are all presented as negative stereotypes. I don't see that at all. For starters, the first black character we meet, 'Big Tony' Hamilton, is a self-sufficient and kindly man who ends up being responsible for getting Big Mike into the Wingate Christian school where he eventually thrives. Leigh Anne Tuohy is hardly a saint as she is depicted as sensitive but also a thoroughly pushy and sometimes obnoxious woman who is capable at times, of putting her foot in her mouth. While Michael Oher is a slow learner, the film makes it quite clear that he has street smarts and inherently is a lot smarter than what the teachers at the Wingate school pegged him to be. Unfortunately, the film's scenarists know a lot more about Leigh Anne Tuohy's personality than Michael Oher's. This is perhaps the major shortcoming of the film as the warm, winning ways of Oher are not shown here; rather, he's depicted as thoroughly introverted and socially inept and rookie actor Quinton Aaron is unable to make much of a part that is quite thin to begin with.<br /><br />The first third of the movie is perhaps the most moving as it shows Leigh Anne's Tuohy's growing realization that she has led an isolated life. In a most poignant scene, Tuohy is startled when Michael reveals that he's never slept in a bed before. Leigh Anne's willingness to take Michael in is tested in the scene involving the car accident. After Sean Tuohy Sr. buys Michael a new car, he gets into a car accident while the the young SJ is in the passenger seat. Somehow all is forgiven when it's revealed that Michael prevents the full force of the air bag from hitting SJ. Never discussed are the events preceding the crash--Michael and SJ are engaged in singing a rap song without Michael paying attention to the traffic ahead of them. I also wondered if Leigh Anne would have forgiven Michael so easily had SJ actually been seriously injured in the accident or even killed. Christian charity I suppose has its limits!<br /><br />Once Oher is acclimated to his new family, 'The Blind Side' picks up the Hollywood mantle and offers up another tired and long-winded high school football scene, replete with the young SJ obnoxiously 'coaching' Oher before the big game along with Leigh Anne later fending off the token white racist in the stands. Oher not only gains confidence as a defensive tackle but the big teddy bear flips an opposing player over a fence after the bully has been mocking him before every play (how cute!).<br /><br />Again, the second half of 'The Bind Side' ends up with mixed results. There's more 'cute' stuff when Leigh Anne hires a tutor (Kathy Bates) who tutors Michael to get his grade point average high enough to qualify for college. Liberal Hollywood needs to let us know that the tutor is a Democrat so that both conservative Republicans (the Tuohy family) and a Democrat both have a hand in helping Michael reach his goal. There's a stab at comedy when all the college recruiters start courting Michael and again the obnoxious child actor who plays SJ attempts to get the 'best deal' for himself in the event that Michael is recruited (stuff like walking out on the field at the beginning of the college football season).<br /><br />When an NCAA Investigator questions the Tuohy family's motives in 'adopting' Michael after he accepts an invitation to attend Ole Miss, Michael impulsively returns to his old ghetto haunts. There he's taunted by Alton, the head gang member, brilliantly played by IronE Singleton (this actor has the potential to be a major star!) Michael gets into a fight with Alton and gets the better of him and then disappears. Leigh Anne looks high and low for Michael and confronts Alton. Some posters say the scene is implausible since the gang member would have retaliated when Leigh Anne challenged him. I'm not so sure--when she claims that she's friends with the DA, that in itself might have given Alton pause to take revenge. After all, he's a drug dealer who doesn't want any outsiders calling attention to his business. Finally Leigh Anne finds Michael after he calls her. There's a reconciliation and Michael is cleared by the NCAA after they finally accept his explanation that his decision to go to Ole Miss was made on his own free will. Of course Michael goes on to graduate from high school and is drafted by the NFL.<br /><br />Sandra Bullock does an excellent job of conveying the brash personality of Leigh Anne Tuohy. Tim McGraw as Sean Sr. and Lily Collins as Collins Tuohy have little to do during the film. As previously mentioned, the youngster SJ (played by Jae Head) is simply obnoxious and Quinton Aaron does not know how to make Michael Oher into an engaging character. As 'The Blind Side' is based on a true story, it certainly is worth watching. Just don't expect much complexity when it comes to the majority of its characters.r questions the Tuohy family's motives in 'adopting' Michael after he accepts an invitation to attend Ole Miss, Michael impulsively returns to his old ghetto haunts. There he's taunted by Alton, the head gang member, brilliantly played by IronE Singleton (this actor has the potential to be a major star!) Michael gets into a fight with Alton and gets the better of him and then disappears. Leigh Anne looks high and low for Michael and confronts Alton. Some posters say the scene is implausible since the gang member would have retaliated when Leigh Anne challenged him. I'm not so sure--when she claims that she's friends with the DA, that in itself might have given Alton pause to take revenge. After all, he's a drug dealer who doesn't want any outsiders calling attention to his business. Finally Leigh Anne finds Michael after he calls her. There's a reconciliation and Michael is cleared by the NCAA after they finally accept his explanation that his decision to go to Ole Miss was made on his own free will. Of course Michael goes on to graduate from high school and is drafted by the NFL.     Sandra Bullock does an excellent job of conveying the brash personality of Leigh Anne Tuohy. Tim McGraw as Sean Sr. and Lily Collins as Collins Tuohy have little to do during the film. As previously mentioned, the youngster SJ (played by Jae Head) is simply obnoxious and Quinton Aaron does not know how to make Michael Oher into an engaging character. As 'The Blind Side' is based on a true story, it certainly is worth watching. Just don't expect much complexity when it comes to the majority of its characters.
B002ZG98Z0|3.0|\\"Sex and the City 2\\" has nothing on the HBO series and isn't nearly as good as the first film. However, as a huge fan of the franchise, I still enjoyed it because I got to see the girls on the big screen.<br /><br />This film picks up two years after the first \\"SATC\\" movie. Carrie and Big are married and still living in NYC, but Carrie's afraid they're in a bit of a rut. Meanwhile, Samantha is struggling with menopause, Miranda's irritated with her new boss, and Charlotte's kids are driving her crazy. When Samantha lands an all-expenses paid trip for all four girls to enjoy a week of luxury accommodations in Abu Dhabi, all four women are thrilled at the chance to escape from reality for a little while. During the trip, Carrie is shocked to run into her ex-fiance, Aidan, in the middle of a Middle Eastern marketplace. How will this chance encounter affect her relationship with Big? Watch the movie to find out.<br /><br />Here are some of the pros and cons of the movie. (Warning: I'm going to go into some spoilers that weren't included in the movie trailers.)<br /><br />PROS<br /><br />+ It's another \\"SATC\\" movie! If you love the girls, you will enjoy this movie at least a bit. How could you not?!<br /><br />+ Although there was some Big/Carrie drama, it was refreshing that everything stemmed from Carrie's behavior this time. For once, Mr. Big didn't do something massively awful to screw the relationship up, which was refreshing to see.<br /><br />+ The gay wedding was super over-the-top and ridiculous, but very funny to watch. It was also hilarious to see who was getting married (I won't spoil that surprise for you!).<br /><br />+ Yes, some of the Abu Dhabi scenes were a little much, but I loved the luxury hotel scenes, and when Samantha started flashing condoms and screaming \\"Bite me!\\" to an angry mob of religious men, I wanted to applaud.<br /><br />+ The girls get up and sing karaoke! And they do a good job! Who knew Kim Cattrall could sing so well?!<br /><br />+The biggest pro for me...THANK GOD the film didn't feel the need to give Carrie and Big a freakin' baby. I am so sick and tired of society telling people that they need children in order to lead happy and fulfilled lives. Carrie and Big have a great relationship, a gorgeous home, and a rich life together. My husband and I are also child-free, and we get so many odd reactions from people when we have to explain that not having kids is our choice. I could very much relate to that scene with Carrie, Big, and the other married couple at the gay wedding, and I'm so glad the producers handled this issue the way they did.<br /><br />CONS<br /><br />- Unlike the first \\"SATC\\" movie, Samantha, Charlotte, and Miranda really took a backseat to Carrie in this film. Their respective subplots were all glossed over and were mainly used as filler material, which was disappointing.<br /><br />- With the exception of Mr. Big, the other supporting characters like Steve and Smith only had about two minutes of screen time each, which was another bummer.<br /><br />- The girls are still sexy and the clothes are still great. I love Kim Cattrall and I think she's gorgeous, but Samantha is supposed to be 52 years old now, and some of her outfits and makeup kind of made her look like a drag queen. It was very sad. Women can be sexy at any age, but that doesn't mean they can pull off any and every look.<br /><br />- Another character that wasn't featured in the film as much as it should have been was New York City! The city itself was such a central focus of the series and of the first movie. I don't think this film did it justice at all.<br /><br />- I enjoyed the gay wedding, but Liza Minnelli singing Beyonce's \\"Single Ladies\\" was too much. Seriously. All through the number, I kept whispering, \\"Make it stop!\\"<br /><br />- We all know that \\"SATC\\" is all about over-the-top fashions, but this movie took things  a new level of extreme. On several occasions when Carrie stepped out in a crazy ensemble, everyone in the theatre could be heard muttering, \\"Seriously?!\\"<br /><br />- Why did Aidan have to show up?! Sorry, but I have always been on Team Big. I though this Middle Eastern run-in was super unrealistic. Boo!<br /><br />- Finally, if I ever kiss a man other than my husband, I doubt that my hubby will react by rushing out to a jewelry store and buying me the biggest diamond ring he can find. I'm just sayin'.<br /><br />Overall, I enjoyed the movie, and I'm sure most die-hard \\"SATC\\" fans will like it as well. However, I hope that a \\"SATC3\\" is in the works, and that it's much better than this film.s been on Team Big. I though this Middle Eastern run-in was super unrealistic. Boo!    - Finally, if I ever kiss a man other than my husband, I doubt that my hubby will react by rushing out to a jewelry store and buying me the biggest diamond ring he can find. I'm just sayin'.    Overall, I enjoyed the movie, and I'm sure most die-hard \\"SATC\\" fans will like it as well. However, I hope that a \\"SATC3\\" is in the works, and that it's much better than this film.
B001KVZ6FW|5.0|This is a wonderful & entertaining film for viewers of all ages.  As per a review by Steven D. Greydanus, which first appeared in the National Catholic Register, Up is \\"a love story. A tragedy. A soaring fantasy, and a surreal animated comedy. A three-hankie weepie and a cliffhanging thriller. A cross-generational odd-couple buddy movie; a story of man and dog. A tale of sharply observed melancholy truths and whimsically unfettered nonsense....Up opens with an eloquent, economical prologue that is among the most arresting tributes to lifelong love that I have ever seen in any film, let alone a cartoon....Up is a film about life that makes realities of adult and even geriatric experience universally accessible, even to the youngest viewers. Isn't this among the noblest things a story can do?\\"    Up is a masterpiece!
B000063UR2|5.0|I was so glad to find that the US theatrical release of the movie is still available. It's the first one I saw and because of just how otherworldly and powerful it makes the footage, I far prefer the Tangerine Dream soundtrack.  I used to have the original on video and chucked that when I bought the single dvd - not realising that it was a different soundtrack, (I'd actually forgotten that there were two, because the TD soundtrack is so intrinsic to the movie for me) - and I was *so* disappointed when I heard it for the first time. I was devastated!  Why had I chucked my video!?   Anyway, being able to find the Ultimate Version, with the two different soundtracks on is definitely the bee's knees because of course, not everyone likes Tangerine Dream - I know some people prefer a more traditional score - so I guess it really is worth the title Ultimate.  Whichever one you like, I think this is the one to buy!
6303921248|4.0|As per a description on the Ignatius Press web site, [[ASIN:1586172638 Pride and Prejudice (Ignatius Critical Editions)]] is \\"An undoubted classic of world literature, [but] its profound Christian morality is all too often missed or wilfully overlooked by today's (post)modern critics. Yet Austen saw the follies and foibles of human nature, and the frictions and fidelities of family life, with an incisive eye that penetrates to the very heart of the human condition.\\"
B001KVZ6F2|5.0|Eastwood  has another great movie.  Fast shipping and very good quality.
0937381888|5.0|This book is very thorough. Great for a beginner (Me). Buy it before you brew your first batch.
B00275EGX8|1.0|I regret ever rooting for this movie during the oscars. I rented this on redbox for free and I was going to buy the blu-ray but not anymore! stop punishing people for your failure of a movie!
B002NXSRVG|1.0|I loved GI JOE when I was a kid and I know the movie was geared towards kids but it was horrible.  With all the hype surrounding the movie and the potential it had of being a decent movie it is truly a sad and pathetic experience for anyone older than 5.
B0000B1OFL|5.0|As do-overs of Michael Caine pictures go, 2003's THE ITALIAN JOB, in my eyes, easily torpedoes the GET CARTER and ALFIE remakes. There's not much that this version has in common with the 1969 original, other than that both films showcase them cute, tiny Mini-Coopers (if you can't find parking, you could just pick them up, put them in your pocket). Mark Wahlberg isn't one of those demonstrative actors, he's from that strong silent mold of heroes. So, whether understated or merely bland - I'm not sure which - Wahlberg is likable and he provides the grounding element. THE ITALIAN JOB is fast-paced and stylish and clever, and the revenge sub-plot is always a good draw to pull in an audience. But what really makes this movie is the swaggering, irresistible cast supporting Wahlberg.<br /><br />The film kicks off at a stately mansion sitting over a canal in Venice, Italy as master planner Charlie Croker (Wahlberg) and his crew of specialists successfully pull off a heist of 35 million dollars in gold bullion. But as someone not that famous once said: \\"No battle plan has ever survived first contact with the enemy.\\" Steve (a slimy Edward Norton) is Charlie's inside man and, it turns out, Steve is the dirtiest scoundrel of the bunch, and the greediest. He double crosses the team and murders Charlie's savvy old mentor (Donald Sutherland) and tries to kill everyone else. Steve walks away, alters his identity and moves to L.A., believing that everyone's dead. He keeps on believing this for one year. After which time Charlie finally locates him. And then you just sit back and soak in the gratifying bit of vengeance as it plays out.<br /><br />This is the movies, so I guess there's a suspension of disbelief involved when Charlize Theron is introduced as Estella Bridger, a gifted safecracker who freelances for police agencies. She gets recruited by Charlie Croker in his revenge plot against Steve, and it's personal for Estella because Charlie's murdered mentor also happens to be her father. This is one of those roles that's real easy to coast on, and yet Theron manages to demonstrate equal doses of emotional vulnerability and steeliness. She's also an absolutely sick driver which endears her to me even more. She and the rest of Mark Wahlberg's crew easily sell the movie for me. Handsome Rob (Jason Statham) is the hunky Cockney-talking wheel man. Left Ear (Mos Def, fabulously laid back) is the demolitions expert. Lyle (Seth Green) is the geeky computer tech and is the film's funniest character. Lyle claims that he invented Napster, which his college roommate Shawn Fanning stole while Lyle was, in fact, napping. Seth Green gets the lion's share of the funny lines (\\"You'll never shut down the real Napster.\\").<br /><br />There are some alarmingly fun, snazzy bits in this flick. Watching the actors zip around in their souped-up, tricked-out Mini-Coopers, I admit to a moment in which I contemplated getting me my own Mini. I absolutely cracked up during Seth Green's Napster bits and his improvisational impersonation of Handsome Rob. And then the hi-tech stuff, from gaining control of the stop lights to figuring out which of the decoy trucks is the real deal. As always, a huge part of enjoying the caper genre is in watching the plan coming together and then the execution of it. And then, because we anticipate the plan somehow going squirrely - it always does - we wonder how our guys will get themselves out of whatever scrape. And scrapes are guaranteed once the film throws in a scary Ukrainian mob boss and a massive Samoan who tends to tell his lady friend to \\"Baby, go relax.\\" whenever he wants to get rid of her. As expected, Charlie Croker manages to work around these highly dangerous characters. THE ITALIAN JOB, I wouldn't call it a strikingly original heist thriller. But going by the huge appeal and chemistry of the cast, time will fly by even faster than those Mini-Coopers. Plus, it's hard to pass up a chance to ogle Charlize Theron. Can't wait for THE BRAZILIAN JOB, whenever that comes out.<br /><br />This is the Special Collector's Edition and the DVD's bonus features are: \\"Pedal to the Metal: The Making of THE ITALIAN JOB\\" (00:18:16 minutes); Screenwriters Donna & Wayne Powers talk about having their screenplay translated to screen (00:05:48); The cast goes to \\"Driving School,\\" where Theron and Statham turn out to be the most competitive students (00:05:37); \\"The Mighty Minis\\" - a segment about the Mini-Coopers featured in the film (00:05:39); \\"High Octane\\" - about the film's 3 primary stunts: the boat chase thru the Venice canals, the truck drop, and the helicopter's game of chicken with Charlie's Mini-Cooper (00:07:52); 6 Deleted Scenes - one extended scene in a bar as some loser lawyer hits on Stella and five scenes with Charlie and the gang tearing around in the Mini-Coopers with Steve's helicopter and the law in hot pursuit (total running time: almost 9 minutes); and the theatrical trailer.or THE BRAZILIAN JOB, whenever that comes out.<br /><br />This is the Special Collector's Edition and the DVD's bonus features are: \\"Pedal to the Metal: The Making of THE ITALIAN JOB\\" (00:18:16 minutes); Screenwriters Donna & Wayne Powers talk about having their screenplay translated to screen (00:05:48); The cast goes to \\"Driving School,\\" where Theron and Statham turn out to be the most competitive students (00:05:37); \\"The Mighty Minis\\" - a segment about the Mini-Coopers featured in the film (00:05:39); \\"High Octane\\" - about the film's 3 primary stunts: the boat chase thru the Venice canals, the truck drop, and the helicopter's game of chicken with Charlie's Mini-Cooper (00:07:52); 6 Deleted Scenes - one extended scene in a bar as some loser lawyer hits on Stella and five scenes with Charlie and the gang tearing around in the Mini-Coopers with Steve's helicopter and the law in hot pursuit (total running time: almost 9 minutes); and the theatrical trailer.
B0039ZF8D2|5.0|In the last 5 years, the only CD's I have purchased are by Damian Marley and this is an excellent track! The tour with Nneka, Damian Marley, and Nas was great! They are all great live performers!
0805091742|5.0|There is no promise in this book to help you make checklists. What Gawande does is show us his process. IT IS THE SCIENTIFIC METHOD The process itself is imperative to finding the result. It is a process of POSING A QUESTION; How can we make operating rooms safer? Then RESEARCHING THE QUESTION e.g. how do others who deal with complicated processes prevent them from going awry? He checks the construction industry and then the airline industry.He DRAWS AN HYPOTHESIS: Checklists will make operating rooms safer. He takes what he learned and applied it to one area of medicine. He makes up a checklist and tests it, then revises it. TESTING HIS HYPOTHESIS  AND THEN HE DRAWS A CONCLUSION: CHECKLISTS WORK. In other words he used critical thinking skills, which are sorely lacking in our culture. Checklists can't be spoon fed. You have to figure out what works for your given problem and go through the same process of refinement.<br /><br />The greatness of this book is that Gawande is a talented writer and engages us in his process. He has an innate curiosity which enables him to set aside his ego enough to research, question and even institute the checklist in his own hospital- The glorious Brigham and discover surprise, surprise that it improves care even in this auspicious institution.He has enough humility to admit his own mistakes and use them to teach us how not to make them and how the culture change caused by the checklist improves teamwork and saves lives.<br /><br />It is important to realize that this book is about far more than a checklist. It is about how an instrument like this can effect a culture change. The checklist mandates that the surgeon acknowledge the members of his team. This empowers them and motivates them to give their best effort for the patient's benefit. It causes them to focus on the task at hand. It also forces the surgeon to regard each patient as a human being with a surgical problem not a surgical problem that happens to exist in a human being.<br /><br />Dr. Gawande is surprised that not only are the specific items on the checklist improved, but the over all complication rate improves. This should be no surprise. Being careful carries over to all aspects of CARE. The more meticulous the care, the fewer the complications.<br /><br />Readers interested in this subject should also read Dr. Gawande's previous books [[ASIN:0312421702 Complications: A Surgeon's Notes on an Imperfect Science]][[ASIN:B0037Z8SNQ Better: A Surgeon's Notes on Performance]] and Peter Pronovost's [[ASIN:159463064X Safe Patients, Smart Hospitals: How One Doctor's Checklist Can Help Us Change Health Care from the Inside Out]]nde is surprised that not only are the specific items on the checklist improved, but the over all complication rate improves. This should be no surprise. Being careful carries over to all aspects of CARE. The more meticulous the care, the fewer the complications.     Readers interested in this subject should also read Dr. Gawande's previous books [[ASIN:0312421702 Complications: A Surgeon's Notes on an Imperfect Science]][[ASIN:B0037Z8SNQ Better: A Surgeon's Notes on Performance]] and Peter Pronovost's [[ASIN:159463064X Safe Patients, Smart Hospitals: How One Doctor's Checklist Can Help Us Change Health Care from the Inside Out]]
B000UJ48WC|5.0|The Shining or Blade Runner is my best favorite piece. Only in US we are able to purchase 142min. version. Shining mania would correct all versions of this masterpiece. I'm happy but this disc have no Japanese subtitle. Also this version have no top and bottom parts to make 16:9 frame from 4:3 original frame. You are unable to see all of splendid picture including the helicopter shadow above the forest in the first credit. The forest is the forest in the last credit of Blade Runner that is Kubrick's present. We have now strong BD power. I wait full universal disc have all versions and all subtitles in one disc.  From Tokyo Japan
B002VPE1AW|5.0|nothing bad can be said about this movie just buy it watch it over and over   or maybe thats just me
B00005JLD4|5.0|When I read news accounts that it was not until 2008 when the Austrian government got around to apologizing to the Aborigine culture for its policy of removing half-caste children from their families, I felt compelled to learn as much as I could about this atrocity.<br /><br />Based on legislation that began in 1869, the Aboriginal Protection Act would expand into the 20th century, with more concise language to continue the horrendous practice of forceful and cruel child removal from half-caste families, and indict them into a racist and bigoted system whose sole aim was to bleed and breed the black out of them, and then 're-socialize' them into the culture of their guardian oppressors.  I can think of nothing more insidious and cruel.<br /><br />My research led me to an article written by a woman who interviewed several of these children.  I read other documentation of 'the stolen generation', and this later led to the filming of the story of Molly Craig, her younger sister and cousin, Gracie, and Daisy who escaped entrapment at the missionary settlement where they were imprisoned.  And how, under Molly's strength and leadership, they began the arduous 1500 mile journey to return to their family.<br /><br />This powerful and emotional packed film of courage, determination, and a deep sense of cultural faith is based on actual events, thanks to the book written by Molly's daughter, Doris Pilkington Garimara.<br /><br />I encourage you to see this heartbreaking film.  I am convince this will prompt you to learn more about the abusive and cruel policy by the British/Australian government, which 'stole' the human rights of countless children and their families by a contemptible practice of racial purification, which continued [in many places] through the 70's.<br /><br />Maizie Lucille James<br />May 29, 2010
B00275EGWY|1.0|about as far from realistic as you can get, and bad acting to go with it.
B001SF8G1Q|5.0|This is a very overlooked album by Bob, these songs all catch on to you as you listen more. One of my favorite's by Mr. Dylan.
B0002858YS|5.0|I've been reading about albums that rank highly Rolling Stone magazine's list of the 500 Greatest Albums of All Time:  VELVET UNDERGROUND & NICO, LONDON CALLING, BLONDE ON BLONDE, etc.<br /><br />Where's this one?  It's so superbly done.  There's not a dud track on it.  I've heard that Lady Gaga broke a record with one of her albums:  4 #1 hits from a single album.  By rights, I think that should have been this album.<br /><br />Not that I'm a big fan of The Killers.  Honestly, I don't really know who they are, whether this was their first album, what came next, whether they're still together, etc.<br /><br />All I know is that I have been repeatedly astonished by the musicianship on this CD.  It's one of the most perfectly crafted and stylistic coherent albums I can think of.
B000001FKY|5.0|The CD was in near new condition. I have listened to the whole thing with no problems. Fast shipping and a great seller. Thanks
0446567337|3.0|I have to be objective with this review. Romance novels are NOT my thing. Actually, I can't stand them, but for some odd reason, I read this book.<br />I love me a good thriller or mystery, so this really couldn't hold a candle (entertainment wise), but it was okay. The characters were all right, as was the plot. The ending was bittersweet, and I appreciated it, but I'll still steer clear of romances.
0061122416|4.0|It's been a couple of years since I read The Alchemist. My recollections of the specifics of the story are none too accurate, I imagine, so I'd just like to comment briefly on the overall character of the moral message contained therein.    My first reaction upon finishing the book was one of disappointment. Primarily, I had to work diligently to root out the overt religious notions that Coelho espouses; from what I gather, the purpose of the story was to convey a universal sense of greater purpose in all human beings who search for it. For those who are religious, especially Christians, Jews, or Muslims, he has accomplished this admirably. I, however, do not ascribe to any religious belief whatsoever, so the message doesn't come across as strongly for me. This isn't to say that Coelho's talent as an author or moral teacher are diminished, but his methods of storytelling are colored by faith in a way that I find difficult to identify with. Although I agree with many of his ideas concerning the transient nature of life itself and our obligation to seek something that seems to transcend human experience, I did not appreciate the emphasis on supernatural occurrences to give artificial depth to the character's convictions and moral inclinations.    That being said, as much as I would like to fault the author for failing to separate the topics of morality and religion, I took away a sense that the protagonist had reached a level of greater (albeit misguided) moral maturity. The storytelling itself is spectacular, and I finished the book very quickly because of that (hence the four-star review in spite of my objections; kudos to the translator for keeping the prose intact as much as possible). It's most certainly worth at least quick read.
0307454541|2.0|Don't see what the big hype over this book is.  It was painful to read...monotonous and full of useless details that just didn't add to the story.  Someone gave it to me, so I really tried to get through it, but couldn't.  Maybe I'll go back to it at some point and maybe I'm missing something that will smack me in the face and find it amazing when I pick it back up - but it's doubtful.
B000E6EGX2|5.0|Schiff's first recording of the Goldberg's is perhaps one of the best recordings of ANYTHING ever made, ranking with, for instance, the Stern/Casals Schubert Quintet or the Klemperer Magic Flute.  Schiff's phenomenal technique is always in the service of the music, both in its expression and its structure, underlying the fact that, as with all great music, there is no real separation of the two parameters.  Looking at it all from a slightly different vantage point, so much of the Goldbergs is DANCE music, and Schiff never loses sight of this, even in some of the traditionally slower variations.
0553212761|4.0|Even the best authors in the world sometimes put out something that... well, isn't up to their usual standards. For Jane Austen, that book was \\"Mansfield Park\\" -- her prose is typically excellent, and she weaves a memorable story about a poor young lady in the middle of a wealthy, dysfunctional family. But put bluntly, Fanny Price lacks the depth and complexity of Austen's other heroines.<br /><br />As a young girl, Fanny Price was sent from her poor family to live with her wealth relatives, the Bertrams, and was raised along with her four cousins Tom, Edmund, Maria and Julia.<br /><br />Despite being regarded only little better than a servant (especially by the fawning, cheap Mrs. Norris), Fanny is pretty happy -- especially since Edmund is kind and supportive of her at all times. But then the charming, fashionable Crawford sibilings arrive in the neighborhood, sparking off some love triangles (particularly between Maria and Henry Crawford, even though she's already engaged.<br /><br />And the whole thing becomes even more confused when Henry becomes intrigued by Fanny's refusal to be charmed by him as the others are. But when she rejects his proposal, she ends up banished from her beloved Mansfield Park... right before a devastating scandal and a perilous illness strikes the Bertram family. Does Fanny still have a chance at love and the family she's always been with?<br /><br />The biggest problem with \\"Mansfield Park\\" is Fanny Price -- even Austen's own mother didn't like her. She's a very flat, virtuously dull heroine for this story; unlike Austen's other heroines she doesn't have much personality growth or a personal flaw to overcome. And despite being the protagonist, Fanny seems more like a spectator on the outskirts of the plot until the second half (when she has a small but pivotal part to play in the story).<br /><br />Fortunately she's the only real flaw in this book. Austen's stately, vivid prose is full of deliciously witty moments (Aunt Norris \\"consoled herself for the loss of her husband by considering that she could do very well without him\\"), some tastefully-handled scandal, and a delicate house-of-romantic-cards that comes crashing down to ruin people's lives (and improve others). And she inserts some pointed commentary on people who care more about society's opinions than on morality.<br /><br />And the other characters in the book are pretty fascinating as well -- especially since Edmund, despite being a virtuous clergyman-in-training, is an intelligent and strong-willed man. The Bertrams are a rather dysfunctional family with a stern patriarch, a fluttery ethereal mother, a playboy heir and a couple of spoiled girls -- Maria in particular develops a crush on Henry, but doesn't bother to break off her engagement until it's too late. And the Crawfords are all flash and sparkle: a pair of charming, shallow people who are essentially hollow.<br /><br />\\"Mansfield Park\\" suffers from a rather insipid heroine, but the rest of the book is vintage Austen -- lies, romance, scandal and a dance of manners and society.d herself for the loss of her husband by considering that she could do very well without him\\"), some tastefully-handled scandal, and a delicate house-of-romantic-cards that comes crashing down to ruin people's lives (and improve others). And she inserts some pointed commentary on people who care more about society's opinions than on morality.<br /><br />And the other characters in the book are pretty fascinating as well -- especially since Edmund, despite being a virtuous clergyman-in-training, is an intelligent and strong-willed man. The Bertrams are a rather dysfunctional family with a stern patriarch, a fluttery ethereal mother, a playboy heir and a couple of spoiled girls -- Maria in particular develops a crush on Henry, but doesn't bother to break off her engagement until it's too late. And the Crawfords are all flash and sparkle: a pair of charming, shallow people who are essentially hollow.<br /><br />\\"Mansfield Park\\" suffers from a rather insipid heroine, but the rest of the book is vintage Austen -- lies, romance, scandal and a dance of manners and society.
141694737X|2.0|I was quite disappointed with the book I received from this seller.  They listed it as \\"used, very good\\" but when the product arrived it was definitely used, but not in \\"very good\\" condition.  The binding had significant tearing on it and was mostly peeled away at the bottom.  It was definitely not something I would be able to use as a gift, as intended.  I will not be buying from this seller again.
B0013V33DG|5.0|N.Dessay is such a talented actor-singer..This is really a funny opera and so well excuted..
B003C5FMEE|5.0|I don't really want to write a thoughtful review (gotta get back to the music), but wanted to rate it.  LOVE it!  Wonderful music and vocals...creative, interesting, and lively album.  Who wouldn't love Trombone Shorty?  Hope there will be LOTS more to follow!
B00275EGWY|1.0|Just a bad movie - overrated and over hyped. Even real life military say so much is untrue and \\"Hollywood Hype\\". No wonder it did poorly at the box office.
1577314808|5.0|This is a masterpiece and it has come when we need it the most.    Don't hesitate to get it, it will change your life!    I highly recommend getting the \\"audio book\\" version, since Eckharts voice really makes the book even better!    You might also like: [[ASIN:0452289963 A New Earth: Awakening to Your Life's Purpose (Oprah's Book Club, Selection 61)]]
B003E8P9G0|2.0|I enjoy or should say used to enjoy Jodi Picoult's novels and marveled at the extent of her research into a topic prior to her writing.  This one has me convinced that it's no longer about weaving a story around a theme (or disease of the week) a much as it's about cranking out another book.  Individual's with autism have such a rich array of characteristics that could lend themselves to a novel that too would be rich in uniqueness and plot twists.  I found this latest venture to be just plain lame from the characters to the plot.  I am so glad a friend dropped the money for this one and not me!
B000089RV6|5.0|I love what he did with \\"Highway to Hell\\".  I know he died while making this album, but he still did a really good job writing the songs and album.    My only complaint about ACDC is that the drummer is lazy and should do more double bass and blast beats!
0061122416|5.0|This is an amazing book, a delightful quick read that will resonate on so many levels for any reader of any age. This simple story of a shepherd will make you think and apply his lessons to your own life in ways you never dreamed. This is a \\"must read.\\"
B000H5U65C|2.0|When I review an album, I review all the aspects of the album.  This albums lyrics are fantasy and don't deserve to be published.  I dislike the use of the word \\"blood\\" in the title, as it offended my adopted cousin.  I am in trouble with his father for teaching him about \\"death\\"...     The actual music is sub-par.  All they do is scream and whine about their problems in life.  It sounds as if they are still in high school.  But their guitarist is a really good master of the 6 string and knows how to make it sound good.     Overall 4.5/10
B002VPE1B6|2.0|The movie in Blu Ray is great. Better picture quality then the movies 3D version.    BUT - No digital copy? Absolutly no extras?! This could have been done much, much better.
B002HK9HR8|4.0|Everything about the style and substance of Polanski's legendary 'Chinatown' has been covered thoroughly in the surrounding reviews.  This is simply to clarify what's included in the 2009 Centennial Collection edition (recently discontinued) of the film versus earlier versions: new features in this two-disc release are an audio commentary by CT screenwriter Robert Towne with David Fincher (the director of 'Seven' and 'Fight Club' I presume); 'Chinatown: an Appreciation,' a 26-minute documentary composed mainly of interviews with a handful of unrelated Hollywood illuminati; and three marginally interesting featurettes delving into the technical background of CT's 'Water and Power' plot thread.  The transfer and other bonus material (three mini-docs with insights from Nicholson, Polanski, Towne and producer Robert Evans, plus theatrical trailer) seem to be identical to those that appear on the 2007 Special Collector's Edition.  For completists, all that's missing here is the 13-minute Nicholson-Polanski-Towne-Evans interview featurette which can be found on the original CT DVD release (and 2006 re-release), although this becomes more or less redundant if you have the three mini-docs.  So, in a nutshell, while the Centennial edition offers nothing spectacular it's probably the copy you want to own if you're reading this.
0060005696|3.0|The point of the book is interesting and warrants the read, but it is a bit redundant at times. The biggest takeaway for me was the idea of a satisficer versus a maximizer. Although, the book seems to argue being a satisficer is the optimal choice, I can't help but believe it is best to be a combination of both. There are certain decisions in life when being a maximizer is simply foolish. For example, deciding which soap to buy. Clearly this is a decision not worth pouring over all of the available options and their respective pros and cons. However, there are other decisions in life where it is best to be a maximizer. Choosing where to go to school, which profession to pursue, who your doctor should be, etc. I believe the big decisions in life should be made with the mindset of a maximizer. The little choices we make day-to-day are understandably best made as a satisficer.
B00275EHIW|4.0|I wasn't expecting much with yet another video game adaptation, a genre that rarely rises above horrible, but Prince of Persia: The Sand of Time manages to be very fun, without the heavy cheese of say The Mummy series. Don't get me wrong, there is no room for any kind of thinking when watching it, but I didn't find myself laughing at how lame it all was.<br /><br />I think Disney expects their to be a series of movies, much like Pirates of the Caribbean, but without the acting skills and star power of someone like Johhny Depp, I just don't see it capturing the public's interest like those films did. Plus, pirates are just cooler than princes.<br /><br />The acting is better than I think most would expect. Jake Gyllenhaal is actually quite convincing as an action hero, Ben Kingsley didn't overact like I'm sure he wanted too when attached to a project like this, Gemma Atterton gets more and more beautiful with each movie I've seen her in (Quantum of Solace and Clash of the Titans being the only other two), but the real star of the show is Alfred Molina. He takes what could have been just some forgettable secondary character and turns in a funny performance that adds life to whatever scene he is in. Not Oscar worthy stuff of course, but a character that the audience can't help but cheer on. Jake and Gemma also have decent chemistry.<br /><br />The music has some good desert flavor and the CGI is of the good quality. The action scenes are at least interesting, rather than dull, thanks to Jake's character jumping and flipping around like a circus performer. The story isn't anything special, but it's simple and light enough to please most people of any age. Same goes for the dialogue, but thankfully there is some humor and very little cringe-worthy moments.<br /><br />Is Prince of Persia: The Sands of Time really worthy of 4 out of 5 stars. No, not really. It falls somewhere in between average and good, but for pure entertainment value, 4 seems a bit closer to the truth than 3.<br /><br />Oh and by the way, I couldn't help but put the lyrics to Iron Maiden's \\"Hallowed Be Thy Name\\" in my title. It just fit too well.ouldn't help but put the lyrics to Iron Maiden's \\"Hallowed Be Thy Name\\" in my title. It just fit too well.
0385523386|2.0|Anyone who knows anything about prisons and the sentencing for drug offenses will know very early on that the author got an extremely easy sentence and ended up serving it at an extremely easy facility. Yet throughout the book she complains about any number of things. Some of the complaints are valid, however the majority are silly and show that she has NO idea what it is like to serve time in a real prison.<br /><br />I have spent a fair amount of time in both men's and women's prisons (not as a guest or guard, but as a consultant on fire protection safety) and have seen the conditions that are present in these facilities. While Danbury is no pleasure palace, it is gorgeous next to where she could have wound up. And, from her attitude and behavior, she would have done very hard time at any normal facility.<br /><br />Throughout the book she complains about the boredom, and how time drags, yet she has a constant stream of mail and visitors, which is quite abnormal for a prisoner in custody. She had so many books sent in that she could have opened a branch library. That alone should have made the time much easier to handle.<br /><br />While she does have moments of introspection about her crime and the crimes that locked up her fellow inmates, she seems to fail to recognize that she broke the law, got caught, and paid for it by going to prison, She is just lucky she didn't wind up in a medium security facility...I doubt she would have lasted a month. The book does have the benefit of exposing some problems in the system and opening a dialogue on how to change prisons and sentencing in the US, it does not begin to address why women return and how that can be prevented. Maybe because her friends \\"created\\" a job for her upon her release, so she didn't go through the usual hassles most women do.<br /><br />If you are looking for realistic information on prisons and life behind bars there are much better books available. Buy one of those to learn about the real conditions in prison.in prison.
0525423842|5.0|Theodore Boone Kid Lawyer by John Grisham was written in 2010 about a 13 year old eighth grade boy who dreams of becoming a lawyer.    If you are a fan of John Grisham's, I would say that this is a real cute book, one that you will want to read.  Grisham often writes short stories or novels in between his annual mega hit, of which this is one.  I preordered it and after receiving it, read it in one day.  I would also categorize this novel as a `youth book' and recommend it for 10 years of age and up.    Theodore Boone is the main character, 13 years of age, and the only child of parents who are both attorneys.  Theodore grows up three blocks from the courthouse, his parent's law offices, and is constantly surrounded with hints of legal briefs, volumes of law books, and legalese shop talk.  He is an intelligent young man and is extremely curious about a current murder trial going on in his hometown.    A twist of events puts Theodore smack dab in the middle of the trial as he learns of something pertinent to the case of whom no one else is aware.    I won't retell the gist of the story.  The only criticism I had was that the main character was just way too wise for his age.  This is the second time that I have noticed this, as the 7 year old character in The Painted House was also way beyond his years.  Grisham should probably have made both characters about 5 years older to make the story sound a bit more plausible.  I am aware that some children are precocious, but in this case, Theodore was way too knowledgeable and savvy even though he was around `lawyering' all his life.    However, I stand by my recommendation of a 5 star rating.
0061537969|5.0|wonderful story for a whole family to read and then discuss it.  Everyone can relate to the love of a family for a dog and this is an exceptional dog.  Listening to the book on tape is even better, so that everyone can share it at the same time.  I am sure this will make a great movie someday.
0891419063|5.0|There's not much I can say about this book that hasn't been said before. \\"With the Old Breed\\" is a must-read for anyone who wishes to be an informed citizen. Sledge's spare recounting of battle, from his point of view as a combat Marine in the Pacific during World War II, is utterly unsentimental and matter-of-fact. Pure and simple, it is the finest tome on the subject that I've ever read.
B000K4X5XA|2.0|I bought this film expecting to see the normal sharpness of the Blu-Ray format but didn't get it. In fact it was like watching a bad transfer on DVD instead. Sound quality was also mediocre as well. You are going to be disappointed if you buy this as my wife and I were. A very disappointed buyer!
B0000042H4|5.0|\\"Der Ring Des Nibelungen\\" is possibly the greatest opera of all time (with the possible expectation of \\"Don Giovanni\\" of course) and Wagner really sruts his stuff here. The use of leitmotifs, the constant drama, the lack of chorus work, arias, and set pieces sets it apart from all other operas, making it the most unique of all time. Wagner's magnum opus is full of emotions, love, beautiful and dramatic music, topped off with wonderful staging effects and unusual, if not impossible, singing and music techniques. It truly is a grand piece in more way than one way.     The Music:     Not much can really be said as most people have commented already. I find it to be amongst the moving dramatic, exhilarating, lovable, and above all beautiful. The opening Prelude is simple yet eloquent; the Wallhal theme is moving and soft; the entrance of Fasolt and Fafner the most dramatic; the third act from \\"Die Walküre\\" a tour de force; the forging scene truly exciting; Hagen's call in act II truly evil, powerful, and wonderful, especially with real steerhorns used.     I find Solti's bombastic and almost heavy handed approach to be oddly fulfilling. He knows the score well, and really tugs at the listeners heartstrings and emotions at all moments. He may not be the most lyrical and elegant, but I think drama is the most important part of portraying the Ring. His funeral march almost makes me cry; his \\"Feuerzauber\\" truly magical; his Rheingold prelude intoxicating; and of course the Immolation scene containing pure force, drama, and beauty.     The sound:     I have never heard a vinyl record in my life, but considering that most of what I've heard says that the remastered versions of all of Solti's operas are beyond compare in terms of clarity and depth, I don't feel I'm missing anything.     The remastering is fantastic. It might not be a 24-bit remaster (correct me please, if I'm wrong) and not as clear as Soti's later works (all currently sold with a large sticker proclaiming 24-bit) but the only problems I find are from the original recording process. Some studio noise (i.e., chairs squeaking, bad mic placement at points, tape deterioration and splices, and other weird unexpected and unexplainable noises at random points) is clear throughout the whole proceedings, but considering that with analogue tapes, these could not be easily removed, and digital removal would also take out the entire lower, and possibly upper registers, meaning the music and vocals would sound muffled and unlistenable. Also, compared to live recordings, they're not that bad.     Except for this, the sound is clear, fresh, and unremarkably modern sounding even though it was recorded from 1958-1966. Every note is clearly heard, as well as all the sound effects.     About the sound effects, I find that although some are perfectly acceptable, (the anvil clangs in the forging scene, the spear strikes at the end of \\"Walküre\\") some are a bit too over the top, especially in Rheingold, and it is annoying to hear a rumble during the Immolation scene. They're easy to get used too, and most of the lightning is fantastic, I can understand why some people blast the recording for Culshaw's over production. Overall, though, I'd rather hear these than characters running, set changes, audience coughing, or even prompting, as heard in many live recordings.     Note:  I agree with most reviewers about \\"Walküre\\" being the weak link here, as Solti seems less focused, but apparently the session were plagued by troubles and tensions that built up during the previous operas. Recorded in 1966, it was actually the last of the cycle to be made, one of the reasons for the tensions, but also why Flagstad was not able to reprise Fricka (she died in 62). People who claim it is a bump in the recording do not realize it actually was a crashing finale (for better or for worse), but thankfully, even through the troubles, it still comes out fairly strong.     The cast:     Solti's cast is probably the best from all that I've heard, and I love all of the members performing, finding that they capture the essences of the characters. There definitely are dome weak links, though, and I will discuss them individually.     Wolfgang Windgassen is terrific as the titular hero. His voice does sound a bit dry, but his forceful and beautiful sound makes up for that. His Siegfried is more than just a callow youth, he is more multi dimensional and heroic that some singers make him out to be. He does NOT sound past his prime, rather he is just as good as his 1951 Parsifal (liking it so much I almost refuse to listen to any other), just a bit older. He may not have the voice of Ludwig Suthaus or Lauritz Melchior, but he is better than most of those who came after him. It was widely known that he was a late minute replacement for another singer, which some people deride him for, but that is an absolute shame as he is completely focused and wonderful in the role.     Birgit Nilsson is to die for. She really struts her stuff in all three parts. Her \\"Walküre\\", of course, is a bit more mixed due to the troubled sessions that effected all aspects of the recording. People claim her voice is not warm enough to play Brünnhilde, but I actually find that to be false. She has an inner warmth that shines through in her vocal acting. She does have a cold and steely voice, but her presence is wonderful and very warm. It may be a bit contradictory, but if you hear her in Böhm's Ring it's true enough.     Hans Hotter is a mixed bag. His \\"Siegfried\\" is a bit wobbly, but full of emotion, and thankfully listenable. His presence makes his performance wonderful, and he just reeks of Wotan-ness. His \\"Walküre\\" is a bit more wobbly, tired, and of course bad. He does not seem to try as hard as he could, but in the end, he still comes off better than some people have made him out to be. I find his voice actually grows on you after a while. I have yet to hear his Bayreuth recordings, but from sampleshe definitely has better vocal control.     Gottlob Frick proves he does have the Blackest Voice in the World. His Hagen is PURE evil. No words can describe the force, power, evilness, and surprising beauty in his voice. He may not have the power of Greindl, but that does not mean they are not equals. His Hunding comes off a bit more wobbly, mostly from age, but he is sinister and more overtly brutish making a powerful performance none the less.     Christa Ludwig. UBER FANTASTIC. Her cold, steely, forceful, bitchy voice is BEAUTIFUL! Every moment she sings, I'm drawn in and fall madly in love with her voice. Her Waltraute is more warm and creamy, but she has such utter conviction that she literally is the character. Her Fricka is even better. She would make Sylvester Stallone bend over backwards. I have read reviews for other Rings, but Ludwig's is the only name I have heard given specific mention for Waltraute and even Fricka (except, of course, Flagstad). In her Levine performance, she owns the roles even more so due to the fact she is actually playing them on stage.     Kirsten Flagstad has a nice voice, but is definitely past her prime, a problem considering her replacement as Fricka with Ludwig. She has wonderful moments of warmth, and comes off believable in her age, and although I prefer Ludwig, her performance in Rheingold does not hamper the recording at all.      George London is the BEST WOTAN EVER!!! His work is astounding. His deep brutish voice fits the role perfectly in \\"Rheingold\\", containing a youthful and almost cocky presence. While Hotter was chosen due to his popularity, London comes off as a better singer. He may not have had the right voice for Der Wanderer (which Hotter actually does) it is a shame he's only in Rheingold (I may get Leinsdorf's \\"Walküre\\" just to hear him).     Gustav Niedlinger is the ONLY person worth listening to as Alberich. He has the perfect amount of evil, nobility, and cockiness to make the character a bit less one-dimensional as some have claimed.     Claire Watson is perfect as Freia, sounding like the Germanic Helen of Troy the character is. Her Gutrune is fantastic as well. She has the youthfulness and beauty of Freia, but with the emotions needed for her portrayed perfectly. She seems to get the short end of the stick here, but I have never seen her name under bad Gutrunes, and although I have yet to hear Janowitz, from her \\"Walküre\\" from Karajan, I might not be missing too much.     Kurt Böhme sounds like a dragon, and will make you **** a brick when Siegfried awakens him. His deep black voice is truly perfect for the role, and      Paul Kuen is fantastic in Rheingold, making Mime sound like the tortured soul he is. His voice is probably the best suited for the role, being light, but not too thin, but also because he is one of the few people to SING the role without sounding too dull, while avoiding the character's seemingly inherent bark.     Gerhard Stolze, however, takes the opposite approach Mime, barking the role so loudly that it seems that the acid he spits will corrode one's ears. And what a fantastic job he does. The character is truly a real brute, and one cannot help but wonder why Siegfried even bothered stating with him. He truly knows the role, and his characterization certainly tops the books, surpassing even Heinz Zednik's more pathetic approach (I mean that in a good way).     Dietrich Fischer-Dieskau is fantastic as Gunther. His light baritone works well here, and he contains both nobility and humility needed to make the character work. I'm hardly his biggest fan (my first Wagnerian experience was his \\"Lohengrin\\", and NOT Kempe's, but rather his lackluster Solti performance as the King's Herald), but when he performs within his proper fach (which he almost never does) he can be fantastic.     James King is fantastic as Siegmund. His ruff voice and power make his Wälsung truly a masterpiece. He gives a wholehearted performance and captures the character's frailty, strength, and love for Sieglinde. I do agree, however he is exceptionally better for Böhm, but he's hardly less than wonderful here.     Régine Crespin is wonderful as Sieglinde as well. Her light voice works well, and is well matched with King's. She's not as involved with him as Rysanek was, but still better here than as Brünnhilde for Karajan.     Joan Sutherland is wonderful as the wood bird, and certainly shows off her special talents as La Stupenda, but I find Rita Streich's voice better for the role, if only for the fact that she is German, and has better diction.     Set Svanholm is fantastic as Loge. His voice is a bit baritonish, but not as much as Ludwig Suthaus or Lauritz Melchior, but wonderful none the less. He plays Loge as straight as an arrow for the most part, with emphasis on his heroic side, but he very cunning and probably the most convincing Loge on record (sorry Zednik, but heldentenor parts should be played BY actual heldentenors)    Both sets of Rhinemaidens are fantastic. I prefer the set in \\"Rheingold\\" overall (Oda Balsborg, Hetty Plümacher, Ira Malaniuk), as they come off more believable and have the better musical parts, but the \\"Götterdämmerung\\" set (Lucia Popp, Gwyneth Jones, Maureen Guy) is much more youthful, especially considering how young the singers were at the time, but picking up Jones's voice in the individual sections, she does have a weird voice. Listening to them, however, I realize why people dislike Jones's voice, as comes off a bit less than dazzling at times. Both sets are good, but I would have much preferred a single set     Both Erdas are good, with Jean Madeira being the older wiser one, and Marga Höffgen being the more beautiful. I believe both are equally good, but I believe that Culshaw should have stuck with one singer for both roles.     Smaller roles, such as Fasolt, Froh, Donner, the Norns, and the Vallyries are all wonderfully sung, especially Eberhard Wächter's Donner (a wonderful singer who I feel in love with three seconds after he opened his mouth as Don Giovanni for Giulini). Some big names are seen in the Valkyries as well: Helga Dernesch (Ortilnde) became a popular Brünnhilde for Karajan (have not yet heard it, but I want to) and a fantastic Elisabeth for Solti later on, and her Wellgunde for Böhm is beyond compare. Brigitte Fassbaender (Waltraute) is a fantastic Magdalene for Kubelík, and I cannot wait to hear her Brangäne for Kleiber.    Overall, I feel that Solti's Ring has the most punch of any recording of the opera. The focus on the drama allows for the listener to be drawn into the fantasy world much better than a recording focusing more on the sound of the music. There may be other recordings of the Ring Cycle that appeal to other people more, whether it be in terms of casting or conducting, but every fan of Wagner should, for better or for worse, get this recording of his most monumental piece.
B0031YJFCQ|5.0|After waiting so long for this to be released, I could not be more pleased.  I avoided any early reviews or comments, simply because I was terrified of a spoiler.  This book is a very gratifying end to a great trilogy.  I only wish there were more forthcoming.  Stieg Larsson did not fail to deliver.
0061998494|4.0|Even though you know how it's going to end, the reader can't help but root for the guy. Considering what Mr. Ferguson put himself through, it's amazing the comic isn't playing bagpipes up on that Big-Kilt-in-the-Sky. His self-deprecating, off-color memoir is sometimes funny, other times touching and usually brutal in its delivery. It's also safe to say that the Scotland Mr. Ferguson inhabited during his youth was educationally and sociologically one of the great outhouses of the world. Clearly, the man is smart and talented but had to bury many of these qualities to fit into a vicious culture. The book has a somewhat staccato feel to it and is evident by the paperback edition being only 268 pages long, yet, is broken up into 45 chapters. His early trials and tribulations, which takes up a sizeable portion of the memoir, is very interesting. The last portion, involving his rise to talk-show fame, I found more ho-hum. Mr. Ferguson is a solid writer. If you enjoy his television show, you'll like this well-crafted memoir.
B000000WG4|3.0|Massively cited hodgepodge of prog-new-age-folk is not without its brilliant, albeit short-lived, passages, though I can't help but hear the majority as overly contrived.
B00288KNJU|1.0|Pros:  The movie is well executed from a technical standpoint. Good graphics and sound.     Cons:  Not suitable for young audiences.  Despite that we consider our self an open-minded couple, we believe that because of the darkness of the plot this film should be rated PG13 not suitable for young kids. My disappointment is because this film is advertized as a cartoon for open audiences.
0312330537|3.0|I can't believe I read the whole thing! All of that pain searing his tortured heart. Was he out to win a contest to see who could use the most adjectives and adverbs?<br /><br />Having gotten that out of my system, I can join in the praise for this journey into a fascinating culture with some endearing characters. As so many of the 3 star reviewers commented though, it sort of falls apart after 400 pages and makes you wonder what was his editor thinking!
0375714839|1.0|I have just finished reading Persepolis and found it terribly flawed. It was my first graphic-novel, and this first experience will probably keep me from trying any other examples of this genre.<br /><br />The black and white artwork (?) is unremarkable and without much nuance. It quickly becomes tedious. The text is shallow, thin, banal, and pedestrian. The author is no Flaubert.<br /><br />The narrator and her family are wealthy Iranians, although the question of class is left essentially unexplored. References to trips to the Caspian Sea, vacations in Turkey, a summer in France indicate that we are not dealing with a proletarian family. The ill effects of revolution on this group of people failed to move me much.<br /><br />The tale might be seen too as a piece of neocon propaganda. The Islamic Revolution is demonized, and justly so, because of its brutality. Yet  because the narration is by a young girl who then becomes a young woman  this demonization is especially related to the revolutionaries' treatment of women and the repression of sexuality by the so-called guardians of the revolution. Yet life in Saudi Arabia cannot be much different for young men and women who are subjected there to forced segregation and for Saudi women who are required to cover themselves in public. We are expected to like Saudi Arabia. They sell us oil and buy weapons from us.  Iran is part of the axis of evil.<br /><br />Had the author decided to write a memoir using lots more prose and no pictures, her story of growing up in an oppressive society might have been richer, more nuanced, more engaging, and more profound.
B0017M8XS6|4.0|I think that those people who hate the sound of the SACD in this release either need to get their sound system checked or they need to get their ears checked! After reading those 1 star reviews I purchased this \\"deluxe edition\\" with no small degree of trepidation. But after playing the SACD I was enormously relieved and pleased by its excellent sound quality. I can't imagine what could make them dislike it so much.     I am very thankful that some labels continue to release a few titles in this format. I recently learned that [[ASIN:B002M3GPOS In the Court of the Crimson King (Deluxe)]] by King Crimson (featuring Greg Lake on vocals and bass) has been released as an SACD as well, and have happily placed my order! If only Atlantic would release \\"Close to the Edge\\" in this format I would gladly shell out the $$ for it even though I already own the LP and the digitally remastered CD versions. Mostly I have had to be content with the many excellent classical SACD releases, of which I have purchased not a few.    What didn't please me about this \\"deluxe edition\\" of BSS was the package. This three disc set is packaged in a tri-fold digi-pak but there are only two plastic trays with CD hubs in the package. The third disc (the SACD!) was stuffed into a pocket along with the booklet, like an afterthought. Hardly \\"deluxe packaging\\"! The booklet is rather skimpy for a \\"deluxe edition\\" as well. I guess it had to be slim enough to fit along with the SACD! I have swapped the positions of the CD version and the SACD so the SACD should be safe.     Still, I remain grateful that the multi-channel SACD version is available at all and that it sounds so good.
B000002MUW|5.0|So, I got Celebration in March for my birthday, and I thought it was so amazing I couldn't stop listening to it for weeks.<br /><br />Then, one of my neighbors gave me \\"Ray Of Light\\" and I'm now going to return the favor by buying/burning all Madonna's CD's so we'll both have her whole collection. :)<br /><br />Anyway, I decided to start with her two most under r ated albums; E rotica and Bedtime Stories.<br /><br />On May 22, I finally got it and had to listen to it. It's so sad that this is her most forgotten album; because it's awesome.<br /><br />She starts out with a song telling us that no matter where she goes in the end, she's going to be living to tell in \\"Survival\\".<br /><br />In \\"Secret\\" we learn that Madonna's date has got, well, a secret. Uh oh. What secret that is, we don't know, but they've got one.<br /><br />In \\"I'd Rather Be Your Lover\\" Madonna tells her date that she could be their mother, sister, friend, or even brother, but for her, lover tops all.<br /><br />\\"Don't Stop\\" tells us Madonna's date also has some dancing skills, because she tells him to \\"keep movin', keep groovin'.\\"<br /><br />\\"Inside Of Me\\" is one of my favorites. It's so sad, yet so sweet. A great song to sing when you're missing a loved one.<br /><br />Watch out h aters, because \\"Human Na ture\\" is Madonna's message to you. She tells the h aters \\"did I say something wrong? Oops, I didn't know we couldn't talk about se*. Did I have a point of view? Oops, I didn't know I couldn't speak my mind.\\" You go, Madonna! Tell them!<br /><br />\\"Forbidden Love\\" is just a nice song for lovers everywhere. If Madonna \\"had one wish, love would feel like this.\\" :) A very nice song for anybody together.<br /><br />\\"Love Tried To Welcome Me\\" and \\"Take A Bow\\" are sad break-up songs that will make you want to (and some might even) cry. :(<br /><br />The title track \\"Bedtime Story\\" is just about two lovers getting unconscious. Beautiful rhythm. :)<br /><br />I haven't listened to \\"Sanctuary\\" yet, but so far, this is my favorite studio album of Madonna's (other than \\"Ray Of Light\\". :))
B002IVLH60|4.0|Since I love Pearl Jam so much, and have been an avid fan since 1990, it's hard for me to remain objective, but I think this is another of their cd's that repeated listening to will make it one of my favorites.  I'm so very thankful that they quit making CD's with so damned many of the same songs on it.  I had orginally heard \\"breathe\\" on the radio, and immediately recognized Vedder's familiar vibrato....once again, for any PJ fan, you'll like this.  Still the hard rocking guitars and drums and thier inimitable style that makes them so, well, GOOD.
1849162743|5.0|A great ending (or is it?) to the story of Lisbeth Salander. We see her getting justice and revenge for the terrible crimes perpetrated against her by the state and rogue males. This is a book I just could not stop reading. Not mindless entertainment, because it is always interesting to see justice done, good triumph over evil, and women kick ass. Not to mention that we get to see socialist tinged capitalism find its face in thew rule of justice and law. Ultimately, it seems, the state will crumble when a single individual's rights and dignity are abused and trampled upon. While not exactly a revenge fantasy, the book works on that level but with a social awareness that makes the vengeance taste so much sweeter.
B002UXRGM0|5.0|Amazon just delivered the Blu Ray to me, and it's looking great. The scenes are spectacular and breathtaking at points, the camera angles are phenomenal. The visuals will blow you away!    I did not make this review to voice my opinion, as most of you already know how good Life is. If you loved Planet Earth, you will love Life. I made this review to inform most of you that not all of the sections are in 1080p. Everything except for Plants are in 1080p, but the Plants section is only 1080i. Other than this, highly recommended. If you enjoy nature shows, documentary's, or just watching and learning about animals, BUY THIS BLU RAY.
B0032JTV6U|4.0|I am amazed at all the whinging, whining and wrist slashing over the way Fox is releasing the full season of \\"Glee\\". Come on people, get real, you didnt pay much for the first 13 epsiode at all, Amazon offers it between $17 and $21 dollars, an utter bargain for 13 hours of great TV.Oh no, you have to pay for them again and probably have to pay up to $40 or $50 for the full box set-shocking. Let me tell you in Australia the first thirteen episodes retailed at $45.00. So you got a bargain and if you have to pay and get some of the episodes again , give them to a friend or your children or sell them second hand if you are that stingey. Wow, what a bunch of scrooges.I find it fun that Australia and Gt britain will release the second lot of nine episodes in a separate pack but because America generally doesnt make multi region DVD players (I guess because they believe no one would want to watch any DVD not made in America!!!!!!!!!!)most of you guys will have to buy the full pack. We may have to pay more for DVds in Oz, but we have the luxury of choosing the best versions of DVDs from Australia, America, Asia, and Gt Britain as almost all DVD players in Oz are multi region players.
0439023491|5.0|Catching Fire picks right up where The Hunger Games left off. Katniss has just won the cruel and terrible \\"Most Dangerous Game\\" style competition that the despotic leaders of Panem have devised to keep the peasantry in the twelve districts both entertained and subdued. She saves her fellow district member Peeta with a desperate gambit, pretending to be in love with him so the audience of the Games will take pity on them and spare them both. Katniss is just starting to realize that she doesn't get to go back to life as normal. She's now living in \\"The Winner's Village\\" and she and Peeta are expected to keep up appearances. Her erstwhile love interest Gale has been re-cast by the media as her \\"cousin.\\" Still, she manages to sneak off and see Gale at least once a week.<br /><br />One thing that really got my attention is when Katniss is pulled in for a secret meeting with evil President Snow. Katniss is intimidated by his vague threat that something horrible will happen to her family unless she can keep up the charade. As he leaves, Katniss can smell blood on his breath. I wondered if we are meant to interpret that scene figuratively or literally. If it's the latter case, then why is the president drinking blood? Just because he's totally psycho?<br /><br />The 75th anniversary of Panem's Hunger Games means that a new twist is employed, and it's decided that the tributes shall be drawn from the pool of former champions, so Katniss and Peeta are sent back to compete again. This time, the game is set on a deadly clockwork island, with each section of the island timed to unleash a different danger every hour. Finnick, a former winner from one of the other districts makes an unlikely ally, as Katniss decides to use her time in the arena to secure Peeta's safety. Peeta, of course, is trying to do the same for Katniss, even upping the stakes by telling people that she is pregnant, as a way of trying to create more sympathy for her. As the Districts begin to rally around Katniss, they inevitably begin to rebel against the harsh regime they've suffered under.<br /><br />Another thing I thought was interesting, was Katniss's observation that District 12 hasn't had many winners because other districts train their children in trades much earlier. It was only because her father was gone that she resorted to illegal hunting in the first place. And those are the skills that helped her survive.<br /><br />In Catching Fire, Collins repeats the success that she had with The Hunger Games, taking an unlikely blend of violence and romance and somehow, making it work.  One thing that I love about Katniss is how dense she can be. She's an athlete, a hunter and a young woman of action. She's not a thinker or an intellectual, and many of the political machinations that the other characters are engaged in are frankly, beyond her. This middle volume of the trilogy seems to make a strong case for a genuine romance with Peeta - he's a decent and wonderful person, who truly cares for Katniss. As the book ends, and Katniss is rescued by rebels from the long-lost \\"District 13\\" she is reunited with Gale, and I predict that the third book will give Gale plenty of face-time to try and sway readers back to his camp. For all of the excitement of readers who are cheering for either \\"Team Peeta\\" or \\"Team Gale\\" there is a third option - Katniss, in her heart of hearts, doesn't really want to be with anyone. An underlying theme of the books is \\"freedom\\" and as much as I root for Peeta, I think ultimately, Katniss wants to be \\"free\\" from any relationship.  With an abrupt and cliffhanger ending, and a few months to wait yet for the finale, many readers will be eager to see how things will play out.iss, they inevitably begin to rebel against the harsh regime they've suffered under.<br /><br />Another thing I thought was interesting, was Katniss's observation that District 12 hasn't had many winners because other districts train their children in trades much earlier. It was only because her father was gone that she resorted to illegal hunting in the first place. And those are the skills that helped her survive.<br /><br />In Catching Fire, Collins repeats the success that she had with The Hunger Games, taking an unlikely blend of violence and romance and somehow, making it work.  One thing that I love about Katniss is how dense she can be. She's an athlete, a hunter and a young woman of action. She's not a thinker or an intellectual, and many of the political machinations that the other characters are engaged in are frankly, beyond her. This middle volume of the trilogy seems to make a strong case for a genuine romance with Peeta - he's a decent and wonderful person, who truly cares for Katniss. As the book ends, and Katniss is rescued by rebels from the long-lost \\"District 13\\" she is reunited with Gale, and I predict that the third book will give Gale plenty of face-time to try and sway readers back to his camp. For all of the excitement of readers who are cheering for either \\"Team Peeta\\" or \\"Team Gale\\" there is a third option - Katniss, in her heart of hearts, doesn't really want to be with anyone. An underlying theme of the books is \\"freedom\\" and as much as I root for Peeta, I think ultimately, Katniss wants to be \\"free\\" from any relationship.  With an abrupt and cliffhanger ending, and a few months to wait yet for the finale, many readers will be eager to see how things will play out.
B001EN71CW|5.0|Firefly is the BEST show to ever hit television in my lifetime. It has captivated many people in the world and the one question that always gets asked is why was the show ever canceled. The real reason for the show being canceled is the FOX network. Averaging only about 4.5 million viewers. The show was canceled. The only reason there were never more viewers is because it never got properly advertised By once again the fox Network. I know i never herd of the show until i saw Serenity(highly recommend u buy it). Which is kind of a sequel you could say. Now that the show is over join a firefly fan site i highly recommend joining [...] and become a browncoat and remember to just KEEP FLYING.
B001C08RHA|4.0|Okay, the film has been out for a while so I'll start with four obvious points.<br />1) The film is based on a Marvel comic and has been compared favorably with other comic book films; even the other comic `Man' films (`Super', `Bat' and `Spider'.) But an interesting difference between the hero in this film and the heroes of `Superman', `Batman' and `Spiderman' is that those heroes make great effort to avoid deadly force. Batman has a policy against using guns. Superman uses his great powers to jail rather than kill villains almost without fail. Spiderman's villains in the films die because of their own hubris rather than at Spidey's hand (or web or whatever). Iron Man has guns and missiles built into his suit that are intended to kill people, and he does that very thing. Keep that in mind if you're thinking of taking the young'uns. (If you want to know how I think it compares to the other superhero `Man' films, I've ranked them below.)<br />2) The cast is great. Gwyneth Paltrow takes the role of Pepper Potts, the loyal assistant that could have been a clich&eacute; and an offense to feminists, and makes the character into a charming blend of strength and vulnerability. Jeff Bridges ably projects ironic menace as Obadiah Stane. Terrance Howard is okay, but not nearly as interesting as he has been in other films. But it's all about the guy who plays Tony Stark, the man who becomes Iron Man. Robert Downey Jr. is excellent in the film. He is the single best reason to buy a ticket. It's fun to see a forty-something year old not so chiseled hero (the power is in the suit). Downey plays the billionaire playboy munitions manufacturer as someone whose top concern is amusing himself. Downey has given similar top drawer performances in such films as last year's Zodiac or A Scanner Darkly from the year before that. But very few people saw those films. (Super hero films tend to be more popular than docudramas about serial killers or animated dystrophic science fiction.) In real life, Downey has struggled with abuse problems, and it's a pleasure to see him in such an entertaining breakout role.<br />3) This movie is making a lot of money. It made one hundred million dollars in its opening weekend alone. There has been a drought of exciting popcorn films in theaters, and many are rushing to see a film they hear is just plain fun.<br />4) You might want to stay past the final credits to get a hint of sequels to come.<br />As I said, all this has been written about before. So what can I add for the church newsletter? How about a ridiculous comparison to Scripture? Why not? If you can't write silly about a super hero film, what can you write silly about?<br />The first suit worn by Tony Stark in the film is built by the character in a cave in Afghanistan. He is being held hostage by terrorists who want him to build a missile system. He uses the materials system to build a mechanical suit that allows him to escape. When he returns home, he builds a bigger and better suit.<br />So let's take a look at how the armor of Iron Man compares to the armor of God described in Ephesians chapter 6.<br />10Finally, be strong in the Lord and in his mighty power. 11Put on the full armor of God so that you can take your stand against the devil's schemes. 12For our struggle is not against flesh and blood, but against the rulers, against the authorities, against the powers of this dark world and against the spiritual forces of evil in the heavenly realms. 13Therefore put on the full armor of God, so that when the day of evil comes, you may be able to stand your ground, and after you have done everything, to stand.<br />Right off the bat, we get a big contrast between the two suits. Iron Man's armor is used to protect against flesh and blood. Though for PC reasons the film does not label the terrorists in the film as Muslim, they are quite obviously modeled after the Taliban. Tony Stark has no compunction about killing with bullets those who would kill him or innocent bystanders.<br />Paul makes it clear in this passage that our real enemies are not other people. Those people that seem to be our enemies have been deceived by the powers of darkness, and we must do our best to show love to people who strike out against us. (Note I am not saying here there is not a role for police officers and soldiers to use force to protect the innocent.) But we need to pray for and love those who ridicule Jesus Christ and His teaching, and not treat them as enemies.<br />Paul makes it clear that there are real evil spiritual forces in the world, Satan and his minions along with destructive philosophies and teaching. That is where the battle lies for a Christian.<br />14Stand firm then, with the belt of truth buckled around your waist, with the breastplate of righteousness in place,<br />In the film, Stark runs a munitions company. When captured by terrorists he sees that they are using his company's weapons for nefarious ends. He then pursues the truth about how they obtained his weapons, knowing the exposure of the truth may have a great financial cost. As Christians, we need to pursue the truth, even if it is costly.<br />As the film begins, Tony Stark is definitely not a righteous man. We see he is a gambler, a heavy drinker and sexually promiscuous. But when a character in the film sacrifices his life for Stark, we see Stark realize that he should not live his life so selfishly. Because someone gave His life for us, we need to pursue righteousness.<br />15and with your feet fitted with the readiness that comes from the gospel of peace.<br />Stark's feet are equipped with rocket packs. But I'd argue that God's Spirit can get us where we need to go to share His good news faster and farther.<br />16In addition to all this, take up the shield of faith, with which you can extinguish all the flaming arrows of the evil one.<br />Stark's whole suit is a shield. His basic power is invulnerability. We have the armor of God, which will not necessarily protect us from illness or pain or poverty. But if we trust Him, it will protect us from the flaming arrows of the evil one that would have eternal, damning consequences.<br />17Take the helmet of salvation and the sword of the Spirit, which is the word of God.<br />Stark uses all kinds of offensive weaponry. He has all kinds of guns and missiles and his very armor acts as a weapon. But the sword is the only offensive weapon in God's arsenal. We need to get to know the Bible, the Word of God, well. It's the only weapon of God we have. And all we need.<br />18And pray in the Spirit on all occasions with all kinds of prayers and requests. With this in mind, be alert and always keep on praying for all the saints.<br />Iron Man pretty much fights alone. We, like a real army, need the support of others. We need the prayers of our fellow believers. And we need to pray for them.<br />The kid in me watches Iron Man and thinks, \\"I wish I had a suit like that.\\" But the Spirit in me says, \\"You have something better.\\"<br />(Iron Man is rated PG-13 for violence, sensuality and language.)<br />[How Iron Man compares to the Superman, Batman and Spiderman films.<br />1) On par with Superman, not at good as Superman II, but far better than the horrible Superman III and Superman IV and the mediocre Superman Returns.<br />2) Better than Batman (1966), Batman (1989) and far better than the wretched Batman Returns, Batman Forever and worst of all Batman and Robin. It's not as good as Batman Begins and the jury's still out on The Dark Knight with Christian Bale and Heath Ledger, which will be released July 18th.<br />3) On par with Spiderman, not as good as Spiderman II and far better than Spiderman III.]r in this passage that our real enemies are not other people. Those people that seem to be our enemies have been deceived by the powers of darkness, and we must do our best to show love to people who strike out against us. (Note I am not saying here there is not a role for police officers and soldiers to use force to protect the innocent.) But we need to pray for and love those who ridicule Jesus Christ and His teaching, and not treat them as enemies.  Paul makes it clear that there are real evil spiritual forces in the world, Satan and his minions along with destructive philosophies and teaching. That is where the battle lies for a Christian.  14Stand firm then, with the belt of truth buckled around your waist, with the breastplate of righteousness in place,  In the film, Stark runs a munitions company. When captured by terrorists he sees that they are using his company's weapons for nefarious ends. He then pursues the truth about how they obtained his weapons, knowing the exposure of the truth may have a great financial cost. As Christians, we need to pursue the truth, even if it is costly.  As the film begins, Tony Stark is definitely not a righteous man. We see he is a gambler, a heavy drinker and sexually promiscuous. But when a character in the film sacrifices his life for Stark, we see Stark realize that he should not live his life so selfishly. Because someone gave His life for us, we need to pursue righteousness.  15and with your feet fitted with the readiness that comes from the gospel of peace.  Stark's feet are equipped with rocket packs. But I'd argue that God's Spirit can get us where we need to go to share His good news faster and farther.  16In addition to all this, take up the shield of faith, with which you can extinguish all the flaming arrows of the evil one.  Stark's whole suit is a shield. His basic power is invulnerability. We have the armor of God, which will not necessarily protect us from illness or pain or poverty. But if we trust Him, itwill protect us from the flaming arrows of the evil one that would have eternal, damning consequences.  17Take the helmet of salvation and the sword of the Spirit, which is the word of God.  Stark uses all kinds of offensive weaponry. He has all kinds of guns and missiles and his very armor acts as a weapon. But the sword is the only offensive weapon in God's arsenal. We need to get to know the Bible, the Word of God, well. It's the only weapon of God we have. And all we need.  18And pray in the Spirit on all occasions with all kinds of prayers and requests. With this in mind, be alert and always keep on praying for all the saints.  Iron Man pretty much fights alone. We, like a real army, need the support of others. We need the prayers of our fellow believers. And we need to pray for them.  The kid in me watches Iron Man and thinks, \\"I wish I had a suit like that.\\" But the Spirit in me says, \\"You have something better.\\"  (Iron Man is rated PG-13 for violence, sensuality and language.)  [How Iron Man compares to the Superman, Batman and Spiderman films.  1) On par with Superman, not at good as Superman II, but far better than the horrible Superman III and Superman IV and the mediocre Superman Returns.  2) Better than Batman (1966), Batman (1989) and far better than the wretched Batman Returns, Batman Forever and worst of all Batman and Robin. It's not as good as Batman Begins and the jury's still out on The Dark Knight with Christian Bale and Heath Ledger, which will be released July 18th.  3) On par with Spiderman, not as good as Spiderman II and far better than Spiderman III.]
B00000I4XR|5.0|My Grandparents live on the shores of                 I never went swimming off the end of my grandparent's pier (in the neighborhood)  again!  If you do NOT know fear - see this - if you do NOT  know fright - see this - if the music doesn't get you  - you have not listened to JOHN WILLIAMS !
030726999X|4.0|This book is similar to the first two in that the first part is a little boring in the setup, but then it takes off.  In \\"The Girl With the Dragon Tattoo\\", the story finally develops when Lisbeth joins the investigation with Blomqvist.  There is a great interplay between the characters, especially with the orignality of Lisbeth Salander.  In \\"The Girl Who Played With Fire\\", I kept wishing these two characters would connect again to recapture that special relationship.  The excitement of that book picks up rapidly in the second half due to an increase in action and narrative pace.  In true narrative titillation, they finally get together on the last page.<br /><br />I thought, \\"Great\\" -- this means the third book will be primarily about Lisbeth and Mikael will be tackling the system that created these horrible circumstances.  I couldn't have been more wrong! Almost immediately, these characters are separated and communicate only through cryptic computer messages.<br /><br />This book is primarily about the shady group of Sapo individuals who try to discredit Blomqvist and Salander.  In fighting this battle Lisbeth does begin to mature as an individual and gains more allies.  The main story is amazingly interesting and exciting.  The conclusion is a little drawn out as Larsson (a little too gleefully) destroys the reputation of the psychiatrist Teleborian.  There are a few interesting sideplots, such as Berger's struggles at her new newspaper, and these generally add to the overall story.  Most disappointing is the relationship, or rather \\"lack\\" of relationship, between Blomqvist and Salander.  They are still major characters in what amounts to separate, but parallel, story lines.<br /><br />Once again, in true James Bondian fashion, Blomqvist meets another woman who immediately \\"falls\\" in love with him.  After three books, this is getting a little tiresome. Through the summation of all three books, I find the sexual elements to be the least believable.  These detract from the story-line rather than add to it.<br /><br />I still found the book surprisingly entertaining.  As a stand alone novel it is exciting. I was expecting (and hoped for) a different story.  I can appreciate a story that is different from expectations, but I would have enjoyed a little more growth in the relationship between Salander & Blomqvist -- even if it was just a friendly one.her than add to it.    I still found the book surprisingly entertaining.  As a stand alone novel it is exciting. I was expecting (and hoped for) a different story.  I can appreciate a story that is different from expectations, but I would have enjoyed a little more growth in the relationship between Salander & Blomqvist -- even if it was just a friendly one.
1843793792|5.0|Richard Armitage's dialogue voices for each character are distinct and interesting, but it's his velvety smooth tone for the exposition text that delights the listener's ear. Armitage could read the phone book and enthrall his audience. Georgette Heyer would be proud.
B0039TD7RC|3.0|...but it has some drawbacks to many fans of contemporary rock. Which is a unfashionable thing to say since Stones fans tend to love anything the Stones do. I like the more rocky tracks on this album, but unlike Physical Graffiti by The Zep, the rocky tracks on this album are not as numerous as the hype suggests. There are many slow tracks, too many for me,a person who thrives off listening to music with a good strong rock beat. I think the Stones themselves even said once that they had trouble believing that they had made it...which maybe closer to the truth than they would like to admit, at least in terms of the 70s rock releases from The Stones. Their 80s and 90s releases are in fact a lot more rocky than their 70s releases in general. I think if people buy Stones albums it is to make a collection of them, and in that way this one would definitely be an essential, as you can see in it an important phase of the bands evolution.
B002G1K82Q|4.0|A good little film (it has a plot) and good music (new talent on old songs); so good that I have ordered the soundtrack for this DVD.
B002VPE1B6|2.0|...and I say that because it borrows so heavily from rock artist Roger Dean's work as to not stand up as the work of James Cameron. Specific scenes are actually exactly the same as various paintings by Roger Dean which is a disgrace, in my book. Oh the film rocks alright, but primarily because of the sequences that take place on the alien world the human characters are attempting to free of its natural resources. These sequences are brilliantly colorful, and completely appropriated from Roger Dean's \\"Dragon Dreams\\", and lets not forget the blue aliens in the Star War's saga by George Lucas. In that sense the film is the most transparent attempt to rip off other creative people I have ever seen. I don't believe any of the artistic folk he borrowed work from were in on the Avatar film project. The 3D looks great but in light of how he accomplished his task, it looks very weak in the overall analysis. Kids will love it, completely.
B002VECM72|5.0|One of the best movies I have seen.  I reccommend this movie to anyone.
B00070DK1E|4.0|Sometimes Jethro Tull made albums that were regarded as classic by the rock press but tended to be a bit on the boring side...this album is a good attempt at merging a recognized style and a more modern approach. It is not over produced and not full of overly lengthy tracks that are an ode to heavy handed symphonic compositions. I was a big fan of Tull around the Benefit era. That creative period is long gone in the Tull of the 80s but there are still good qualities in this record. I suppose I have nothing else to say really...except that later Tull was dutifully ignored by FM radio, and that is a bit sad, because the band did have more to offer an ever changing world.
159562015X|2.0|If you are expecting any wisdom from this book at all - you won't get it.  It is simply this test - everything you get from this book you get online on the website.  So basically, you are buying this book to get access to the test.  You'll read the first 10 pages of this book, skip to the end, take the test, and then check out your strengths online.  AFter that - this book is worthless.  I, personally, think this is a total waste of money. If you are looking for your strengths and how to manage people, I'd go another direction.  This is a weak resource.
B00284BMBM|5.0|I've loved Chris Daughtry since American Idol and I've heard at least two of the songs on this album on the radio recently and frequently. I'm sure a few others will be on the radio soon.
B00006I53S|4.0|Sharp lens, but range on my 7D was not too my liking.  IS works great, but not enough to where this would be a good indoor lens.    If I only had one lens this would be up there with my top choices, but if you have the 18-55 IS and the 55-250 IS, this lens will not be used to oftern
B001VNB54A|5.0|Hanks and Spielberg have done it again!  The Pacific is a beautiful, haunting narrative about the experience of U.S. Marines in the pacific theater (PTO) during World War 2, presented with the gritty realism Hanks and Spielberg became famous for with their previous WW2 efforts, Saving Private Ryan (SPR) and Band of Brothers (BOB).    However, where SPR focused on the evaluation of life and death versus mission objectives and BOB focused on the evolution of brotherhood within a company's entire combat tour, The Pacific is unique in its focus on the emotional and psychological experience of the individual soldier and the incredible toll combat takes on the human soul.    I have not yet read the books on which The Pacific was based, \\"Helmet for my Pillow\\" and \\"With the Old Breed at Peleliu and Okinawa\\", written by two of the Marines who were the central characters and served in the campaigns presented in the miniseries, but those I know who have told me that the series captures the aura and the descriptions of combat life in those books perfectly. Of two vets of the PTO in my family (one Marine, one Army soldier), one said he was almost frightened by the realism of the sets and battle scenes in The Pacific, and the other said it \\"brought back some tough memories.\\"    Personally, I found the Peleliu episodes (5-7) and the episodes on Okinawa and back home (9-10) to be five of the best hours of television I've ever watched.  The Okinawa episode is an amazing, gut wrenching climax to the series that leads perfectly into the struggles of returning home in an impressive, moving final episode.    How one cannot emerge from viewing all 10 episodes of this series without a new profound admiration for the U.S. Marines is beyond me.  They are heroes, one and all, and Hanks/Spielberg and the entire cast and crew have delivered a powerful and lasting commendation for their service and sacrifice.
0393072231|5.0|A gripping description of characters deeply involved in this historic financial disaster, with dramatic focus on a small group of analysts who actually saw the collapse of the bubble coming and made massive amounts of money when ultimately events proved them right. You are left with the impression that despite the new rules and regulations now being written that in the future there will be new characters with just the right combination of reason and \\"animal spirits\\" who will cause something like this to happen again.
B002UJIY7A|5.0|I have watched this movie 4 times now and always catch something I missed the previous time.<br />When I heard there was a twist I guessed it just by watching the Trailer.<br /><br />That being said ,it didn't matter it was still a great action film.Nick played by Timothy Olyphant being the stand out with the most interesting character. His famous line \\"Outstanding\\" is priceless as is his girlfriend Gina played by Kiele Sanchez's \\"WooptiTa\\".Whether they're catching and gutting wild goats for dinner or taking a relaxing nude swim under the waterfall while sharing Nick's wild stories of survival that sound like they could be from an Indiana Jones movie to Nick  pretending to leave his drink in a jewelery store so he can go back and buy an engagement ring for Gina,I fell in love with them.<br /><br />A first rate thriller with a first rate cast,Mila Jovovitch always shines and Steve Zahn is cast against type but pulls it off really well.I think the reason I am able to watch this movie so many times and not get bored or it become mundane, is because I feel as I made a friend in a couple of the characters and want to revisit them and this of course is the only way for me to achieve this.<br /><br />The battle for survival at the end of the movie is edge of your seat tense and exciting.Even if you guess the twist there are still some surprises they pull out,so just when you think you know how it will end ,you don't.<br />All in all a winner for start to finish.
0393075966|1.0|According to the professor our great recession was mainly caused by:  \\" excessive market intervention, market fundamentalism, unfettered capitalism and America's licentious form of capitalism.\\"  To correct these problems we need more government and even more deficit spending to stimulate the economy.  On page  71 the author writes that in peace time Keynesian economics has never been tried.  The unbelievably vast sums already injected into the economy did not work, because it was \\"too little too late\\".  Apparently if stimulus effort does not work, by definition the timing and size or both did not meet Keynesian specifications.  The professor looks to Europe as a good example, because it has more regulation, bigger government and higher taxes.  With regard to this good example the Wall Street Journal writes (May 5, 2010). \\" The underlying is the collapse of Keynesian policy bubble.  The government spending blowout in the last two years has turned into a sovereign debt rout.\\"  This debt problem in Europe caused a 3.6% one-day fall in the Dow and Dr Stiglitz recommends that we go down that road (but faster with more money, of course, just when there are signs that Europe is making some kind of a u-turn).
0307455874|1.0|i voted for him and supported his campaign, based largely on the books. Now I find a dissonance between the personality displayed in the books and the personality revealed in the man. I only see this sort of thing in people with a hidden agenda, and frankly, it disturbs me. I like and trust honest folk who, when you talk with them, you get a sense of openness, not a pasted on smile for effect. The comments which follow this review are mainly involved with the question, \\"who wrote this book?\\"
B001OQCV6A|5.0|Sherlock Holmes. What else can you say about it? It was a great movie. My father and I are big fans of the \\"man of logic\\". For so many years I've read/heard his stories and watched the old movies, and having it in a version that everyone can relate is a really wonderful thing. I saw it in theaters and knew that I had to get it when it came out on DVD. It's a movie of smarts, logic, it makes you rethink everything you saw before he solves the crime.
B001OQCV2O|4.0|But results may vary with your family.  Pretty dark premise suitable to totally freak out any kid under 10 years old.  My 16 and 12 year old kids loved it.  Great special effects.  Corny humor like an old 50s drive in horror flick.  Totally unbelievable coincidences of people falling out of the sky crash landing a plane within walking distance of the exact place across the planet they were trying to find with a road map.  Anyway...highly recommend it.  But not if you're looking for deep insights into why Mayans could track the alignment of our solar system with the center of the Milky Way.
B00382X4XC|5.0|I have to say, I could not have been more shocked at the sudden and tragic death of Ronnie James Dio.  I hadn't even heard that he'd been sick, and getting this surprising news when the equally unexpected death of Type O Negative frontman Peter Steele had still barely sunk in, it was overwhelming to say the least.  We have truly lost a legendary artist, the void of which will certainly never be filled.  I was lucky enough to see Dio live a few years ago (opening for Iron Maiden, no less), and he is still by far one of the best live singers I've ever seen.  Even in his sixties, he hadn't lost an ounce of his tremendous vocal power, and for such a diminutive fellow, his stage presence was beyond huge.  It greatly saddens me that no one will ever experience such a thing again.<br /><br />So, that said, if you've never heard Dio's fantastic debut with Black Sabbath, \\"Heaven and Hell\\", buying this album is a great way to honor his memory.  Coming along at a turbulent period for the band, Dio breathed new life into a band that was struggling hard to find life after the departure of Ozzy Osbourne.  They definitely struck gold here.<br /><br />For its short length, this is just a dynamo of an album.  From blistering speed metal like \\"Die Young\\" and \\"Neon Knights\\", to the catchy rock of \\"Wishing Well\\" and \\"Walk Away\\", to the epic title track, it never misses a step.  It reaches a perfect conclusion with what is one of my all-time favorite Sabbath songs of their entire career, \\"Lonely Is the Word\\".  Tony Iommi shines with one of his most underrated performances, churning out huge riffs and spacious bluesy solos.  And of course, Dio's vocal performance is beyond stunning.  I listened to this today, the first time since hearing this news, and the emotional impact of this song had never hit me so hard.  As those final notes faded out, I myself couldn't help but feel a bit lonelier knowing this amazing talent is no longer with us.<br /><br />Thank you Dio, for all the great music and all the great times.  You may be gone, but you will never be forgotten..  You may be gone, but you will never be forgotten.
B001HN6940|5.0|I'm afraid many people have entirely missed the point of this film, mostly because they expected it to be a re-creation of the original Lewis Carol classic. Instead, Burton \\"re-imagined\\" the original film, not only through having Alice return to Wonderland (now called Underland) as a young adult, but by seeing in it a rich allegory of the journey into psychological adulthood.     Like most young adults, Alice begins the story confused and un-self-knowing, vulnerable to the pressures of the largely unhealthy adults around her, and in the process of being forced into a dismal marriage to a wealthy, aristocratic dolt who has no conception of who she is as a person, only as an ornament. In the course of her ordeals in Underworld--akin to a shamanic journey--she finds her true self, becomes confident in who she is and who she isn't, and returns to surface life (much of which is truly \\"surface,\\" in the sense of superficial) able to speak her truth to power and reject what doesn't fit for her. It might be seen as a feminist tale in the best sense of the word: not rejecting of the Masculine (indeed, her mentor later in the film is a healthy older man), but honoring the Feminine, and insisting on a place in the world for healthy femininity! The actress in the role of Alice does an amazing job with the subtle challenge of portraying psychological health and balance.     Given all this, it is clearly not a film for children, even tho there are some cute and cuddly creatures in it, and it has some cartoon-like qualities. There are also some truly fearsome creatures and traumatic scenes that can be challenging even for adults! And, as I have elaborated, the essence of this film is available only to those with enough life experience to appreciate it.    View it as a metaphor for the challenge of growing up (what Carl Jung called \\"individuation\\"), and you will love this film!
B000001ES4|5.0|It is noteworthy that a majority of selections on the CDs \\"Songs from a Secret Garden\\" and \\"White Stones\\" are included on the best of collection, \\"The Ultimate Secret Garden,\\" meaning that these CDs are almost a \\"best of\\" in and of themselves, limited only by time and space.    So, one reason for my purchasing \\"White Stones,\\" was the absence of the beautiful \\"Illumination,\\" on the best of collection.     Of the 14 selections on \\"White Stones,\\" all but six appear on the best of collection. Of the six, I would say that three are worthy of being included in the \\"best of\\" collection. They are - \\"Illumination,\\" \\"Sanctuary,\\" and the sweet \\"Appassionata.\\" (Anyone else stirred by the final two notes in \\"Appassionata?\\" Sometimes a composer will opt out in the ending of a song by not taking a risk in putting real closure to a song - and I am not talking about the closure put to a song like \\"Moving,\\" where driving percussion puts a closing stamp on the piece. With \\"Appassionata,\\" at the end we are in a high uplifted state, and rather than gently bringing the listener down, Lovland elevates the listener two additional levels - listen again and see if you have the same experience!)    The other three selections - \\"First Day of Spring\\" reminded me of a gentle treatment of melodic phrasing that was pentatonic in structure, but of an Eastern (Chinese/Japanese) modality - the melody is not meant to take the listener anywhere other than being at rest with where they are - very relaxing. Had a similar experience with \\"Reflection,\\" albeit that the modality and melody is more Debussy like. The last of the three selections is \\"Home,\\" one of the most basic and frill-free songs on this CD. In fact, it sounded almost like a piano solo with a very simple melody. It is not bad, but a very plain vanilla kind of song.    One song featured on this CD and on the best of collection is \\"Escape.\\" This is one of my least liked songs Secret Garden has done. The chordal structure and melody are very limited, repetive, and uninteresting. The piece struck me as being more appropriate for some sort of physical workout, dance, than as a vehicle to enjoy just for listening pleasure.    The inner liner note pamphlet contains a brief description of the background meaning behind each song. The pamphlet and CD cover are designed with a very attractive blue artwork.    One aspect of this CD that other posters have noted which I agree with is the way the energy flows on this CD due to the sequence of song selection - the producer put together the order masterfully, opening up with the upbeat \\"Steps,\\" alternating with slower more reflective songs, to the midpoint of the CD with perhaps on the two best songs SG has every done, \\"Passacaglia,\\" proceeding through other upbeat and reflective numbers, and concluding with the heavenly \\"Illumination.\\"    For anyone who just has the \\"best of\\" collection by Secret Garden, I recommend \\"White Stones\\" as a compliment since it contains a few additional songs that are worth getting for their exceptional quality. For anyone who wants to be introduced to the music of SG, I would highly recommend \\"White Stones,\\" as on par with the selection of music on the other gem \\"Songs from a Secret Garden,\\" as a perfect choice.    On the first day I received this CD, I listened to it twice. The next day, twice also. That's how good it is. This is one of the most enjoyable CDs I have ever bought. Highly recommended for use in healing, relaxation, inspiration, and getting reconnected to what really matters in life.
B002ZG98Z0|4.0|I thoroughly enjoyed reuniting with Carrie, Miranda, Samantha and Charlotte during SATC 2. It's definitely an enjoyable flick for SATC fans. Not sure if non-fans will \\"get it\\" and at 2 1/2 hours long, it may drag a bit for them. It didn't drag for me at all. Loved seeing the many many outfits...some beautiful, some ridiculous (Carrie's petticoat with the \\"J'Adore Dior\\" t-shirt)...but all fun fun fun to see.<br /><br />I was amazed at the frank commentary in the movie re: women's status. Samantha literally and figuratively gives the conservative Arabian culture the finger because of the people's disapproval. Samantha's slutty American expression of her sexuality (or even a man and woman touching hands in public) is certainly forbidden there, where our girls are shocked and amazed that the Arabian women have to \\"lift their veils to eat French fries...lift, fry. Lift, fry.\\"<br /><br />Quibbles: I hated the muted music that runs through every dialogue scene, like a Disney movie for grownups, with mood music constantly in the background. With the exception of Big, all the familiar men in our girls' lives had almost cameo appearances, with a \\"I'm Here for The Big Reunion!\\" kinds of looks on their faces. Or maybe that was just me...happy to see the guys for what I considered a reunion with these great characters from the series.<br /><br />Recommendation: A- for fans of SATC.
B001FB4W16|4.0|Here's the thing. While I haven't read the books (As a 40 year old man, I'm a bit past that demographic), I've watched every episode as they've aired on HBO. Seriously looking forward to Season 3 starting up again in June 2010. I'm not going to go into a full review of the show since there's plenty already out there as it is. If nothing else, I'd be surprised if you can't catch at least a full episode or two on HBO's or Hulu's site to get a taste for yourself. The transfer on blu-ray is also really quite stunning. So why only 4 stars and not 5? Because seriously HBO - when Supernatural can fit a full 22 episode season (4) on 4 discs and package them in a case only slightly larger than a regular blu-ray movie - the \\"full box\\" packaging of True Blood is just hogging shelf space. A 12 episode season of True Blood could *easily* fit on at most 3-4 discs without a compromise in quality or extras and the slim line blu-ray cases are *much* more appealing at this point. So Fantastic show that still easily warrants a purchase despite the outdated packaging choice.
0385342039|4.0|I've always loved Kinsella's books, especially the standalone books she writes. I'll admit, it took me a while to get interested in this story, mostly because it is different from her other books (and not because of the ghost aspect).<br /><br />Lara's great aunt Sadie has just died, adding a new problem onto a heap of problems for her. Lara's still reeling from a breakup with a guy she thought was \\"The One\\", her supposed best friend & business partner just took off for a tropical holiday with some random guy, & now Lara has to attend the funeral of someone she never really knew. Much to Lara's surprise, at the funeral service she finds that she can see Sadie's ghost, who promptly demands that Lara track down her favorite necklace. Initially thinking herself a loony, Lara isn't sure where to turn until she starts believing Sadie's demands & sets out to not only find a necklace, but to also find herself.<br /><br />The book starts off a little slow, I'll admit. This story does have the Kinsella charm to it, but I'd be lying if I said it was my favorite book by her. ([[ASIN:044024238X The Undomestic Goddess]] holds that spot.) The characters are all classic Kinsella, yet the story just seems to take an awfully long time to set up & get where it is trying to go. This book wasn't bad & the ending was nice, but it just wasn't Kinsella's best work to date.<br /><br />The true gem of the book is Sadie & it shows in how Kinsella lovingly details her many outfits, the dragonfly necklace & other aspects of Sadie's character. She's the best part of the book & I couldn't help but wish that the main character of Lara had the same draw as she did.<br /><br />Overall though, this book is an excellent read for Kinsella fans & it'll be sure to draw in a few new readers into the fold as they discover the other books she has to offer.
B00005JMJ4|2.0|The movie played more like a documentary. I can't believe they actually had lines to memorize for this. It would have been a quite decent documentary if it were one. As it is, Bill Murray the actor seems to be bored and on auto-pilot as the movie drags on. He's wry - which is usually good for him, but I found myself just waiting for the film to finish ... then when it did, I couldn't believe that was all there was to it.     The title of the movie is just a ploy to use a cliché to sell it, and it worked as far as marketing goes. But it has nothing to do with its contents at all and is very misleading. There was no attempt by the American characters to understand anything Japanese, and between the Americans there was nothing to misunderstand. I am at a total loss as to why Bill Murray or the movie was nominated for an Academy Award. I didn't hate it, I just didn't like it.
B002Q8GZ62|5.0|After a decade of hiatus and inter-personal turmoil between some of the band members,(read Tony Hadley's book \\"To Cut A Long Story Short) it's good to see that the boys are back at it again! Fantastic!  Ultra-cool alt versions of the classics and two new songs to boot, it's so refreshing to hear them all together again as they were in the hey-days of the '80's. Skeptical at first, thinking this was just a repackaged greatest hits thing, but alas....it wasn't. And I am very impressed. Tony's voice is timeless, even with his solo projects, he still maintained that magic. He IS the voice of Spandau Ballet. But knowing the guys are back together again just warms the heart and puts a glow in a true SB fan. The songs on this album are awesome. Sure, you won't hear it on mainstream radio, but for us \\"Spandites\\", it's like a breath of fresh air. Definitely a MUST HAVE in your SB collection. I'm glad the boys have settled their differences and are back at what they do best...performing together AS Spandau Ballet! I'm looking forward to a new studio album as well...I hope they do come out with one in the future. Keep it up guys!  On a 'minor' note, the CD I got was an import (obviously), but from Malaysia....hmmm. I mean, nothing's wrong with it. But I thought I'd get a copy made in the EU. I hope I didn't purchase an 'inferior' copy. But no complaints...it plays fine. :)
B00360CY50|5.0|This young lady has vaulted to the head of my \\"Must Listen To\\" list!! The live album, in particular, is very enjoyable. I've listened to it over and over in my car. Very good versions of \\"Let's Start A Band\\" and \\"Poison Prince\\". Also, her cover of \\"Fairytale Of New York\\" is one of the best I've ever heard!! Definitely an album that will be a favorite of mine for a long, long time!!
B001O7JHJ8|3.0|Erasure's best years and best songs come from their first three albums and possibly the \\"crackers international\\" EP. From then on it's been \\"hit and miss\\" consistently, and never truly regaining the success and the quality of their earlier work. I'd really like to see their first two albums get he remastered treatment along with some 12\\" remix tracks such as what they did with \\"The Innocents\\". But since these don't appear to be coming any time soon, you'd have to buy this 3CD set, enjoy the first CD, and most likely skip some tracks from CDs 2 and 3, later to be cast aside and forgotten until the rent is due and they'll find their way to Amazon, eBay or some other online site where you can get rid of your unwanted music.
030726999X|5.0|This is one book you will stay up all night reading. It's excellent.<br />~Angela A. Kear~<br />Author of The Busy Brides Bible for Plannning a Fabulous Wedding Without the Expensive Cost of a Wedding Planner.<br />[[ASIN:1605944319 The Busy Brides Bible for Planning a Fabulous Wedding Without the Expensive Cost of a Wedding Planner]]
0780626478|5.0|I received the video so quick it surprised me. I enjoyed the movie and the seller cares a lot for the quality of service and is proud of the quality of the products he sells. Thanks
0812979656|5.0|Through a twin's hand(One of his and one of her's), beautiful and painful tragedy is built like a sand castle, waiting for it's wave to reach the shore. Through sugary drinks, communists, funerals, and banana jam, Arundhati Roy creates a universe filled with the innocence of a child(one's a him and one's a her) becoming the subject of cruel and heartless reality. The incredibly sweet and gut-wrenching reality of life takes the form of poetic delicacy and astonishingly beautiful imagination in Roy's writing.<br /><br />The story unfolds in the form of several flashbacks.It all starts with a tragedy, and ends with one. Ammu is the blood of the story while Velutha is the heart, body and soul. Rahel and Estha are the narrators of the unfolding tragedy. The story is a play and the Ayemenam house is the stage. The landscape is the audience.<br /><br />The book is to be read not for it's strength in storytelling but for the brilliance of it. Arundhati Roy's ability to tell a story with such stunning beauty is beyond description.<br /><br />Kudos to Arundhati Roy.<br /><br />\\"Dum Dum\\"
B0000024LO|5.0|ONE OF THE BEST HIP HOP ALBUMS EVERYMADE !!!! HOW COME REDMAN IS NOT ON THE TOP 100 BEST HIP HOP ARTIST? IF HE IS WHAT NUMBER? LISTEN TO THIS ALBUM TWICE BACK TO BACK!! I KNOW THIS ALBUM IS A COUPLE OF YEARS OLD BUT ITS STILL A CLASSIAC!
B0036EH3WU|3.0|I understand that they want to give a good deal to those who were waiting till the end to buy the show but I have been religiously watching this show from season 1 and have bought all five seasons. Including the awesome season five DHARMA edition. But for them to only have a collection with extra tidbits only if you buy all six seasons is ridiculous. I want to buy it because Lost was such a huge part of my life but I can't see paying almost 200 dollars after already giving them about 300 (fifty for the first four and 80 for the fifth) dollars in DVD sales prior to this. I think they need to come up with something for those who already bought the first five and still want something extra.
0060558121|5.0|This is a good book for mythology lovers.  It's a hero story with none of the contemporary cliches (no magic sword, no talking horse) but many cultural references.  Although I was not familiar with the prototypes of the characters, I enjoyed the adventure - sometimes grim but ultimately hopeful.  When I looked up the origins of the \\"gods\\" it became even more interesting.  And Neil Gaiman writes very well of course.
B002VPE1AW|5.0|My husband and I purchased this dvd after watching it at the theater.  The dvd doesn't give you quite the experience as you get at the theater watching it, but it does have the advantage that you catch little things in the story that slipped by you while watching it at the theater.  Great Movie!!  Great DVD!!
B00275EGWY|1.0|The plot of this movie, if you can call it a plot, is barely present at all. They go and disarm some bombs, a few die, go do something else and a few more randomly die, and so on. Even I can do better than that. It does nothing to convey to me what war is really about.
B000VNMMQQ|5.0|Big budget explosions, a super hip young cast, and Bruce. He knocked this one out of the park. A modernized variation of the Die Hard Formula. Yeah, when it comes to action movies, Bruce still Rocks.
1932100660|2.0|I bought this book, on recommendation from a friend, with Gary Taubes' book, 'Good Calories, Bad Calories'. At first i was entertained and taken aback by some of the research and 'facts' he presented, and tore through the first 4 chapters.... then by mistake, I decided to read a few reviews of the book, and mainly found nothing but praise of 'the book'(not so much the scientific literature/research) and then stumbled across this review...     [...]    Now, I say mistake because after reading this review, and then Mr. Campbell's response, and then Masterjohn's response to that, i had a very hard time choking down the rest of the book and eventually lost interest as the 'confirmation bias' became painfully evident. Now i'm not going to go into the details, you can read the review and responses for yourself and make your own opinion.    For not finishing, I can not give it a one star rating (maybe i can), because however biased the book may be, its not full of completely incorrect information and it's relatively easy to read, as i would expect of a book written for the layperson.     I then read Gary Taubes' book( which i am now reading for a second time) and made an observation..... 'The China Study' is written as if the author is trying to get his opinion through to you and convince you that, based on his many years in the field, HE is right. Where as 'Good Calories, Bad Calories' it seems as if the research is telling the story, with a light cast on the dangers and inadequacy of epidemiology by Taubes. There are very few sentences found in his book that begin with 'I believe...' or 'It appears to me....'     If your gonna buy this book, i recommend buying Taubes' book in tandem. (However, be warned it is scientifically dense. I think it was written more for MD's than for the layman)
B002CJ5YQW|5.0|Liam plays the sort of feller NOT to be messed with. Solid action flick. If you ask youself the question: Would I watch this DVD more than once?, I believe you can easily answer YES. Decent body count.
030726999X|5.0|If you liked the first two books of this trilogy, this is a must read.  It is a long, complex story that is in itself very interesting.  In addition, in this story Larsson brings out many instances of the mistreatment of women and the attitudes of the men who mistreat them.  The characters are very real and you grow to really care about them.  I found the conclusion very satisfying, although sad that we will see no more of them.
B002SJIO4A|5.0|It's a lot like seeing a wreck on the freeway, its horrific, but you can't seem to fight the impulse to do a little rubber-necking.  A little offbeat would be an understatement, but a solid sci-fi movie. There is an underlying tone throughout that is quite frankly a little disturbing.  Maybe we are just not used to pushing the envelope this far when viewing the dark side of an alien invasion.
B0039208QM|4.0|I know what you are thinking. Hmmm....should I buy this Batman? Is it really worth the price of admission? Does this Blu-ray have an awesome picture? In essance, I was really looking forward to watching this movie...especially since I have not seen it in a while.     You may ponder and agree, \\"Out of the Batman movies for this era, the first Batman really kicked butt and the second one...hmmm...I am not too sure about it. Danny DeVito was pretty cool as the penguin and Christopher Walken is a good actor.\\"     THE BLU-RAY: about a C+ to B- quality.   I can conclude the picture on the BD was enhanced but is definitely not a show off movie for your system. The movie is profoundly grainy throughout, very soft in tone, and lacks sharpness. I don't have a HD DVD knowledge to make a fair comparison. But hey, we are talking about two different eras and camera / picture technologies. The sound is around a B+ quality. The rear surround gets somewhat of a workout but do not expect surround sound like Saving Private Ryan.     If you like the movie, then check it out.   I will not buy the rest of the Batman movies from the Anthology because they are absolute trash.
0767802659|5.0|Big Bugs. Really Big Bugs from outer Space. Seems like they are in need of a good Killin'. If you love your action movies wrapped in a little Science Fiction, you'll want this DVD in your collection. Good stuff, but I would consider staying away from Troopers 2 and 3.
B000F3A7LO|5.0|By turns tender and gentle and utterly depraved, Robert Fripp's \\"Exposure\\" came out in 1979. As if I wasn't confused enough, at age seventeen!  Nothing could have prepared me for the new, evolved and murderous Fripp.     Afterwards I never doubted his perception again. I was so musically in love I didn't know what to do with myself. He left the mark of his sensibilities on me that still burns in places. He was a fever it took me a VERY long time to get over.     You could say that Exposure is a concept album, although the \\"concept\\" is more a leitmotif, both lyrically and tonally. And the theme isn't New York or urban life either, despite Fripp having lived in Hell's Kitchen while he wrote these songs. Instead, the emphasis is on claustrophobic humanity and maddening family, all psychically imposing on each other. \\"You burn me up I'm a cigarette / Demanding my attention which you're not gonna get\\", Fripp sings in the second track, setting the tone for much of the remaining material. This song is a black send-up of early rock and roll--a familiar blues riff that dissolves into mayhem during the chorus. Like us, perhaps?     But that's just beginning. Because the real Fripp (one side of his art, at least) comes crashing down--dissonant, mathematically pure, almost Bach-like weaving around various chords in \\"Breathless\\" prepares you for the meat: \\"Disengage\\", where Joanna Walton's lyrics play into what would had come to be the Bowie/Fripp/Gabriel trademark dystopic paranoia--     \\"Mrs. Marion is strict with her servant   Behind locked doors over coffee they speak   They speak to my sister my parents   And I'm trying hard not to shriek   Disengage\\"     I had a revelation about ten years ago, listening to Radiohead:  Jonny Greenwood had a spiritual father in the dissonance of Robert Fripp. It's remarkably beautiful, especially set against songs featuring his Frippertronics, like \\"Chicago\\", the tender \\"Mary\\" (sung by Terre Roche) and even straight love songs like the expansive \\"North Star\\", sung by the Phily Soul king, Daryl Hall. Then there are the two \\"Water Music\\" Frippertronics--the warm, melding guitar loops settling in on your ears like comfortable drugs. Delicious.     There were three masterpieces here. Experiencing \\"NY3\\" is like being stuffed in a box with madmen--an argument between three people. Fripp's guitar is on fire, so confident, distracted and so damn fast--as good as anything Tool wrote, and twenty-five years earlier. \\"I May Not Have Enough Of Me But I've Had Enough of You\\" again underlines the album's mutinous rebellion against communion. Lastly, Peter Gabriel's \\"Here Comes the Flood\\" in a newer, more skeletal form and oh, is it lovely. It's open, lost vibe so underlines the claustrophobia of what's come before...     Am I just being emotional? I listen to him now and the music hasn't aged a bit. Instruments fade in and out of fashion, but skill and artistry never do. For me, Robert Fripp isn't just one of the world's top guitarists-- he simply IS the best. Listening to him again now fills me with joy.
0765350386|5.0|Oh my goodness this was a fun book.  I read the first chapter and had chills going up and down my arms while just sensing that I was in for quite a ride.<br /><br />I was completely drawn into the world Sanderson created for Vin.  (Bravo for strong female leads!).  Sanderson uses a very different, unique method of magic in Mistborn and, I won't lie, it took me a bit to get used to the pulling and pushing and soothing and rioting and such.. but once I got it, oh boy did things get good.<br /><br />This is basically the story of a slavery system uprising against a cruel Lord Ruler.  There's political intrigue, massive battles, assassinations, lies, truths and every character is unique and carries a very specific task through the story until seeing it through.  I loved the twists and turns and found myself reaching for the book any time I had a few minutes free.<br /><br />If you love fantasy and haven't read this book I am telling you now.. go check it out. So much fun!!
B00275EGWY|1.0|I gave up on this movie about 40 minutes into it. The story is completely week and boring, to say the least.
030726999X|5.0|Computer hacker guru Lisbeth Salander remains under guard as she heals in an intensive care unit from the bullet she took to her heard (see The Girl Who Played with Fire) when her father Alexander Zalachenko shot her.  The Stockholm police believe Lisbeth is the prime and only suspect in three recent murders.<br /><br />At the same time that Lisbeth remains incarcerated, reporter Mikael Blomkvist continues his investigation into an incredible decades old cover-up involving Lisbeth's father, a Soviet intelligence defector who works for the Swedish security police as he has since he turned.  Still separated, but this time not caused by their estrangement, Blomkvist and Salander talk on-line sharing information.  However, another threat has surfaced that Lisbeth knows about, but not much else; Niedermann does not exist, yet is coming to kill his sire's other creation.<br /><br />The third Millennium Trilogy thriller (see The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo) is a superb ending to a strong saga.  Incredibly ultra fast-paced, readers expect another confrontation between father and daughter in a world in which pure evil lives but pure good is a fantasy.  The late Stieg Larsson leaves behind a great legacy as all three entries are amongst the best in the last decade and as a whole the trilogy belongs on the shortlists for top miniseries.<br /><br />Harriet Klausner
B003JSSPSY|5.0|Legend of the Seeker is fantastic in both senses of the word. Approaching the fantasy genre with humor and respect, it's a great adventure series with characters that are very easy to care for (or love to hate, when it comes to the villains).<br /><br />The most important thing I can say in this review is to point out that, though the series was prematurely canceled at the end of this season, the season finale does provide closure. The two seasons of LotS provide a complete story, even though it could have - and should have - continued to a third season and beyond.<br /><br />The special effects range from good to excellent, and the scenery is stunning, but the heart of the show is the characters. They could easily be caricatures (the wizard, the young hero, the beautiful heroine), but they are played with such honesty and conviction that they really draw you in. I've seen some very skeptical people completely won over by the series. It should be noted: though this is mostly a family-friendly show, there are some scenes of violence that may be unsuitable for younger children.<br /><br />If you're a fan of Fantasy, or enjoy adventure in any genre, I highly recommend this series.
B00371QQ0M|5.0|I first saw the movie question years ago and was floored with the story line and the colors and camera magic. Now years later the techology has improved the total movie industry. I watch with amazement and wonderment. It is like I'm watching the movie for the first time . The improved remaking process is awesome. The story line is timeless but the overall screen enjoyement is pricless.
7799121815|1.0|I watched this DVD twice and ended up taking it back to the store before I got violently sicker.The reason for this is because this movie although well done reminded me waaay to much of NAM. For those of you still under your Gov./Religious programing trance that our Murder for Hire military is Divinely Ordained this movie is a perfect example on what these individuals are doing globably on a daily basis.[ Blind obedience to Corporate/Fascist Masters] Hopefully more viewers will recognize this and wake up. They is absolutely no Honor in what these people do or who they are.
B002VECM72|5.0|I love the movie in it's totality. The actors and camera work, story line .
B002BWQ6H6|2.0|This book has been done before and done better for that matter (Mrs. Dalloway). I found it to be very cliche. The book is trying its very hardest to be a great, life changing novel and it just isn't.
B0035WTJFW|4.0|I have found that viewing this vid isa much better than whewn I saw it the first time in the theatre.
B002VPE1AW|3.0|I waited months to get this movie as I was unable to get to the theatre to see it. So I guess I may not be fair in my review of this movie, however I was not as fired up as most people seemed to be. Now do not misunderstand, I thought the CG was awesome and the work to put all the effects together like they did was light years above anything I had ever seen. Here is where it really kind of lost me. Seems to me this was a veiled attempt at getting an enviromental message out in movie form. I am sorry I am kind to thenviroment , i recycle, I walk or ride a bike when possible. I just do not like being preached to.
B000TLMWMY|5.0|The Johnny Cash Show is just what my huband wanted for his birthday and he's very happy.  Great show!
B001AVCFK6|4.0|This is a great revival of the Star Trek franchise.  I was never a big fan of the old movies because I always felt they were a bit nerdy.  J.J. Abrams helped take the nerd out of the equation.
B003LXT8YC|5.0|This Is a Must CD to have    The Best In Music and Feeling  I Love You Miss Levette
B000J10KTQ|2.0|Kevin Spacey was the best part.  Too much flying around and hugging each other.
B00000IMTF|5.0|Having seen Rainbow as my first concert in 1976 when they toured with this album was amazing.  Although i have seen almost 200 concerts since then, I still remember the show like it was yesterday, the lights, the incredible voice of RJD, the killer guitar playing of Richie, and thunderous drums of Cozy were mind boggling.  After many years of not playing this album, i recently came across it in my collection, and in the last few days have not stopped playing it, the album still sounds as fresh as it did when it first came out.  It is very sad that Ronnie recently passed away, I have seen him many times with Sabbath, Dio band and more recently Heaven and Hell, I cannot believe that he is gone, in my humble opinion he was one of the best RnR singers the world has ever seen.  Buy this album, it is truly one the best hard rock albums ever produced.
B002WCLG3O|2.0|I consider myself a hardcore Halo fan.  I have read all of the books and know the back story to the games.  I can honestly say only 3 of the 8 episodes are worth viewing.  The best part of this entire package is the History of Halo in the special features.  What does it say about a set of episodes when the best part is in the special features?  Overall disappointed.
B001LF347E|5.0|I stumbled upon this show by accident.  Started watching and became addicted to it.  Great storyline (King Arthur is one of my historical faves),  extremely good cast and sooooo entertaining.  It just gets better and better by episode.    An absolute must.  Can't wait for season 2 to come out, so I can watch it anytime I want.  I highly recommend this set for anybody who likes the King Arthur Tales and wants to see a different approach to it.
B001OQCV6A|2.0|With fine casting, great costumes and a big budget; this COULD have been a great Sherlock Holmes movie.<br />But it fails to deliver.<br />Why ??<br />It did not take the character of Sherlock Holmes seriously ......... instead this movie went for a silly, almost spoof like feel.<br />Remember how they ruined the Wild Wild West movie ?<br />This Sherlock Holmes film adaption looked and felt like the very bad Will Smith version of Wild Wild West.
0061537969|5.0|Very good story--Just know that it weaves in philisophical tibits throughout the story which touches on the theme of reincarnation.   Although this theme is not consistent with my personal views, I was able to relate to the characters deeply and I had an emotional connection to the story.  This was given to me from a friend to read and I really did enjoy the book.
B000FA57US|5.0|This movie was awesome. The kills are well writ in and the characters are awesome. This is the second movie for the Jamie Lloyd storyline and the previous one was 4 which was good and the one after this is the last one with Jamie Lloyd which is the sixth one. This one 1,2,4,6, and H20 are the only good movies in this franchise. This one is really scary and well writ in and I love it that they made this movie wicked frightening and scary but the only thing I don't get is that character man in black. I mean what the hell. They say it's Micheal's twin brother but he never had a twin brother he just had a sister and his Mom and Dad and Laurie. This character is more in the 6th one. I don't know but this was a well writ in movie and I really like it. I used to hate it but then it grew on me and I said this movie is great. The only thing I won't get is why Donald Pleasense was in this when he basically died in the second one and tell me why he never has a knife or an axe to kill Michael I mean the only thing he had was a tiny gun and he tried to kill him with a piece of drift wood from his house I don't get it. This movie is good so please watch it because it's really scary.
1569757275|5.0|It contains really a plenty of colloquial expressions, those the Chinese use in everyday conversation, it has pin-yin transliteration, simplified characters and many words that are not easily found in a dictionary.  Sometimes the Chinese line has a 1st character missing, but it is still seen in the pin-yin line, so not a big deal. In a word  - yi ben shu niu bi!
1579128149|4.0|This book is simply amazing in its scope: Profile every element known to man. Theodore Gray (and his photographers) has outdone himself with it. With almost every element are beautiful pictures showing the applications and (when possible) each element in its pure form. If you are familiar with the elements, then you probably know most of them are your basic, gray metals. But does that stop the author from making them interesting? No. Even just the pictures of basic metals will leave you in awe.    The book is also cram-packed with interesting information about most of the elements. Unless you are already an expert in physics and chemistry, you are sure to learn many new things about the building blocks of matter. Also accompanying the facts and trivia are the usual information you might find on a periodic table (such as atomic weight, melting points, electron configurations, etc.)    The information in the book is not meant to be all-inclusive. Rather, it seems to be aimed at the average person with a casual interest in science. You will not find much advanced terminology or mathematics in this book. So if that is what you are looking for, this book is not your answer. However, if you are just an average person with a curiosity about the universe around you, there is a lot of good stuff in this book.    I do have two small criticisms of the book. The author makes no secret of his hatred of expensive diamonds and incandescent light bulbs multiple times throughout the book. If you read it cover-to-cover (as I did) it just becomes annoying. The second is that, on rare occasions, the author seems distracted. For example, in the section on manganese (25), he spends more time talking about a covert CIA operation than about manganese itself. It leaves you wanting to know more. Because of this, I feel The Elements falls a little shy of the five-star rating. If I could rate it four-and-a-half stars, I would.    Sadly, this book is already a little bit out-date. Element 112 was renamed copernicium a few months after the book was published.    In conclusion, I loved The Elements. I had a hard time putting it down when reading it. If you are interested in science, physics, chemistry, or about the building blocks of matter, without looking for advanced theory, buy this book. It will sure to amaze.
B00005JKJA|5.0|Watched this movie with my Creative Writing teacher in school, found it amazing how deeply intellectual it was, etc..    I was reading all the bad reviews...most of them complained that you can't do chapter skips...    To all of you who gave it a bad review for that reason, our Creative Writing teacher told us it was because Lynch asked the DVD to have no chapter selections. It was his desire to have a person sit through the entire movie all in one sitting. It was intentional, people...not a bad edition.
0446569895|5.0|What more needs to be said? If you love Ozzy or just want to know more about the Prince of Darkness BUY THIS BOOK!
B0002XNQ92|5.0|What a great CD.  How can you not love, Shania.  It's great CD to listen to in the car... takes me back!
030726999X|2.0|I raced through books one and two of this trilogy. But this last book was a reading ordeal. Too many characters, too little personal interaction between major characters, too much disconnect between segments. You can't have dynamic tension between characters if they never meet and interact in the entire book. What a shame.
0393075966|3.0|Stiglitz' disection of the financial crisis and the Federal government's response is insightful and revealing.   I agree that the people in charge of the financial system are most responsible and that they have Congress in their pocket.   Stiglitz makes that clear, and although he is clearly on the Left, he pulls no punches when criticizing what he believes to be the mistakes of the Obama Administration.   Kudos to him for that objectivity.   What I found hard to stomach, was his unwavering belief that the Average Joe is just a Victim who deserves to have his mortgage paid by the government.  Honestly, do the people who took out mortgages they had no real ability to pay back deserve none of the blame?  I am not saying they are all to blame, but certainly some fraction of them knew what they were doing was wrong.      In my opinion, Stiglitz displays a lack of objectivity there but worse, he also seems to make the assumption that any Government spending he prescribes, for instance, bailing out the State Governments would somehow build the nation's assets and it's ability to generate future growth.   Yet, we all know that bailing out the States in many cases would simply delay the day of reckoning for State budgets that were on, or are on, unsustainable paths.  Are there not some real similarities between California and Greece?    Stiglitz did completely change my thinking on whether financial reform goes far enough.   And for that, I thank him.  But his prescription for stimulus spending is not objective and not something we should pursue.    Is he aware that the US Postal Service loses $17M a day?   That's a monopoly.    Only Governments can mismanage a monopoly that badly.   I think Stiglitz has a blindspot when it comes to the effectiveness of government spending.
B0026I4EU6|5.0|I was told about this book from another fml and really was not interested in war stories but started reading it anyways..and all I can say is that I could not put it down.  I was amazed by the training and discipline,nothing like the basic training I went through.. and then to actually know what goes on in a man's mind when in true combat, and how it is affected by what goes on here back in the states.  I also do not agree with the liberal media, and now I can see how much it affects our fighting forces!  I also was able to see the hope that there are good people all over the world that make the right choices...I am now buying this hardcopy and passing it around in the family to read.  What an awesome group of men and definately the true definition of HEROS!
B001C4AFOY|5.0|This movie took me by surprise.  This was absolutely fantanstic!  The studios should have promoted it more so more people saw it.  I would say, if you like period pieces, this is an absolute MUST to own!
0385333846|5.0|I realized that I'm probably one of the many ignorant kids of my generation who have been too busy to pick up a book by this author, so this is officially my introduction to Kurt Vonnegut. So it goes.<br /><br />I admit that my venture into reading a Vonnegut book was triggered by my curiosity, yet again, after reading a lot of positive, even gushing, reviews about most of his books. For a book that's dealing with the horror and gore of war conflated with issues of time travel and alien abduction, it is so incredibly well-written. He describes the events so matter-of-factly that descriptions of corpses and human waste don't throw you off. Instead, you keep on reading. He writes with a certain level of humor washed with sarcasm that makes you appreciate the experiences that's being presented to you without feeling any kind of disgust.<br /><br />Billy Pilgrim becomes `unstuck in time' after a plane crash. The story takes you back and forth to different points in Billy's life--from his experiences pre- and post-war. The novel also has some science fiction elements with regards to Billy getting abducted by the aliens from the planet of Tralfamadore. His daughter refuses to believe him and instead takes it as one of the many signs of his deteriorating health. The Tralfamadorians teach him about seeing life in the fourth dimension. They believe that their body never truly dies and that it continues to exist in other times and places when it was still alive.<br /><br />  \\"I am a Tralfamadorian, seeing all time as you might see a stretch of the Rocky Mountains. All time is all time. It does not change. It does not lend itself to warnings or explanations. It simply is.\\"<br /><br />It may sound like a weird book and it is, but it also heartrendingly humanistic. The truth is, this book reminded me of J. D. Salinger's \\"The Catcher in The Rye\\". The experience as a whole felt familiar and the difference is that, I enjoyed this book a lot more than the other. Don't get me wrong. The similarity lies in the writing style and how Billy Pilgrim reminded me so much of Holden Caulfield, but that's about it. This book stands on its own, definitely. So does Salinger's \\"The Catcher in The Rye\\". I'm re-reading both in the near future because they are the kind of books that call for a second or third visit.ting style and how Billy Pilgrim reminded me so much of Holden Caulfield, but that's about it. This book stands on its own, definitely. So does Salinger's \\"The Catcher in The Rye\\". I'm re-reading both in the near future because they are the kind of books that call for a second or third visit.
B001SMC91M|5.0|These guys get tons of radio play here & I picked this up before seeing them live. They're a James Brown inspired band with great lyrics & beats that just put a smile on your face. A throwback band with modern offerings, these guys really rock it out!
0061438294|5.0|Want to learn and understand body language?  If you do this book is a \\"must read\\".  While no book is perfect I liked everything about this one.  The author is an expert, having developed his expertise working as a behavioral profiler for the FBI for 23 years.  Book knowledge is cool, and the author has some, but nothing can substitute for actual in the field experience.  In addition, the co-author of the book is a trained psychologist, which can only add some educational rigor to the books chops. In terms of expertise and experience in the subject this book has it all covered.<br /><br />A body language book needs to be illustrated extensively.  Let's face it, it's all about nonverbal communication so we need to get beyond the written word and communicate via visible means. The book has lots of photos, which is a good thing.  This makes it much easier to understand and learn the body language gestures and signals the author is talking about.<br /><br />The book is well laid out and organized, starting off with a generalized overview and then covering specific regions of the body (legs, torso, arms, hands, face) in depth and in sequence. I really liked this approach.  Each chapter was well written, clear and entertaining, with the points driven home both by citing studies and using examples and stories from the authors' career.<br /><br />This is a \\"go to\\" book on reading and understanding people's body language.  In my opinion it is one of the best on the subject, especially as an introduction since it covers a lot of material.  Highly recommended.
B000HC2LI0|5.0|Just received my order one day shipping for a Memorial Day weekend marathon.  Opened the package and found season one disk four missing.  Called Amazon they are shipping a new set June 1st.  Not really Amazon's fault must have been an error at the factory.
B002BSHWUU|5.0|What else can you expect after this BEATLES boxset?  This the entire discography in a beautiful packaging and the quality of the remastering is incredible.  You can hear John, Paul, George and Ring as you never did it, with all the details of their wonderful music.  Every disc sounds great, specially Sgt Pepper, White Album and Abbey Road, but in all of them the quality of the recording is far better than the original issue in cd.  The 3 panels digipack is the perfect choice for a deluxe packaging.  If you are a Beatles fan this is a must without any doubt.
B002XTBE6K|5.0|I now have, with this copy, 3 versions of this movie.  I absolutely love it.
B0030DHPGQ|5.0|I work in federal government, so you can imagine how hard implementing change could be. This book gave excellent insight in to making changes occur, even when situations seem insurmountable or previous attempts at change have failed.
B002ZG997C|5.0|I went into this movie thinking \\"Well this is just another post-apocalyptic movie.\\" Which I love, don't get the wrong idea. It was actually much better than I expected. It wasn't the same old played out story. It took a whole different twist from the rest. I was very pleased with it.
B000UD67IG|5.0|I found the experience with this vendor to be a refreshing change from what I had just been through. My book showed up in perfect condition, they expedited immediately and notified me when the process had started. My product showed up faster than expected! I feel this was done in a very professional manner and other vendors should use them as a role model.    Many thanks (melisasandy)  R. Borg
B001GZ6QEC|5.0|this is a great movie that any none or batman fan will enjoy . For only 10$ and its on blu-ray is something no one should pass up. Whoever loves watching movies should purchase the dark knight right away .
B00362DRNG|5.0|YES!!! I do love this album. Always have. at 40 years of age I never imagined I would be listening and writing about it now. It is wonderfull to hear the early versions and remixes on disk two. The B-Sides are great, even if you've heard them before. The way this is packaged really brings me back to that time! The DVD has videos I have not seen for years and I'm very happy to have them! The early version of \\"Tel Aviv\\" has to be heard to be believed!!! The only question I have is, on disk one, \\"Girls On Film\\" (first track of course) has a much different start than I've ever heard before. Is this the way it sounded when the first pressing of the orignal LP was relesed? A glitch in the remastering perhaps? I am not complaning, I have this song on other reissues, Just courious if anyone else noticed this? I think the remastering sounds great!!! There is always something pure about any bands first album...No exception here. Sometimes dancy, sometimes dark, sometimes sad, sometimes a little scarry and often all of the above...Great Job!
B002VPE1B6|5.0|This is the best Blu-ray to own to date based on Image Quality, Sound, Special Effects and Replay Value.    A movie everyone can enjoy. Very entertaining.
B0039ZF8D2|5.0|This is just a great album, easy to listen to throughout and with a positive message.....what more is there to say....definitely recommended.
B00368PSN2|4.0|If you like sci-fi movies like alien well this one is for you. What I really appreciate about this movie beside the fact that it has everything to please an audience is the originality of placing a creature like alien in a natural setting instead of a spaceship. Outlander is set in a viking era, so it gives the action scenes a lot more to interact. You will see beautiful forests, waterfalls, caves where the creature is roaming and hiding. The actors are very good and so is the story. And for the first time the movie has the correct aspect ratio of 2.35 that was not available in previous releases. My final word is that this movie is perfect for any sci-fi or creature fans, excellent special effects and action with great performances!
044654146X|4.0|I thoroughly enjoyed the premise of this book and the way the use of personal or storied histories exemplified and bolstered that premise.   However the not subtle enough cheerleading was too apparent in some of the exaggerations: not understanding that 10 football fields (1000 yards) is longer than half a mile instead of less; of pushing way too far the distance one emigre could possibly walk in a given time even if Ethiopian; and too many grammatical errors from such as a presumed scholar or salesman.  These relatively minor offenses did taint the perception on the whole in terms of validity.
B001DTUU7A|5.0|This is a good movie.  We watched it with our three year old.  She liked it.  The animation was ok.  From an adult/parent (my) perspective, the story was kind of boring in the beginning, but then my interest was aroused when the over protective mother character started acting up.  The movie then turned to satire and slight social commentary, which made the climax and resolution interesting to me.  That is why I bought it (and for my kid to watch).
B001OQCV6K|5.0|By this kind of detective story we can prove that it is not necessary to use violence or terrorism to attract attention from the beginning to the end of the film. Regards.
B002LL13BQ|5.0|I agree with a previous reviewer, the combination of Jose Carreras and Teresa Stratas in this La Boheme is overwhelming. The singing is sublime and Carreras's interpretation of his character is done with enormous sensitivity and skill. Not to be overlooked is the fine voice and acting skills of Richard Stilwell, Allan Monk and James Morris. I was spellbound with the emotion that was conveyed in what can only be described as an outstanding production.
B001BPJJ82|1.0|Good cinematography and a fine performance from Lee Pace can't save this turgid, two hour examination of false teeth and monkey murder under puke green skies with a child heroine whose \\"english\\" is often incomprehensible.<br />Joining the ranks of one name luminaries, the artist formerly known as Tarsem Singh (now simply called TARSEM) leads vewiers on an often visually arresting but ultimately grotesque and pointless non-journey through the hospital bed stories of an injured stunt man.  Its all depressing in the extreme and in the end leads absolutely nowhere.  There is no meaning and no emotional involvment and I found it impossible to care about anything that happened in this tedious exercise in excess, depression and ultimately, the emotional abuse of a child. The production is so overblown and in love with itself that it becomes a text book example of style over substance.  This is the kind of film Terry Gilliam would make if he had no talent.
B00335EQ0E|5.0|I remember this movie from when I was a kid.  The story remains the same and is very interesting.  Watching the movie now, I want to go back and reach the actual book and put it into a historical context so I can understand the meaning behind all the innuendo, social commentary and satire.  My wife and I bought this movie to share with our three-year old daugheter, but there are too many characters and the animation is too busy and quick for her to actually appreciate it.  She basically needs to see the movie 3-4 more times before she can understand all the characters and the scene transitions.  Also, the walrus and the oyster scene, and others, are a little rough to watch.  The animation for the time was good, but even on an HDTV/DVD, you see that the technology is dated.  The animation doesn't pop like today's movies do... but it is what it is (I don't see any need for a blu ray disc for this, because I have the Snow White blu ray disc and there's no point for that either).  We bought this because it is Disney and we want it in our collection.
B000005RT8|5.0|I can't be pretentious enough to say that Paul McCartney's work in Wings and in the solo work he has done is great ( as some do with Memory Almost Full, an album I have from Itunes, but mainly because Back to the Egg was then unobtainable; and yes, I do enjoy Memory almost full), mainly because I just like the songs since they are from my past, they sound great, and no new artist produces songs that make me feel as good. The one song that sticks out from years ago on MCCARTNEY II is \\"Coming Up\\" simply because the promo video featured Paul in all roles. I loved the fun feel of that song years ago, and I still do. The entire album is pervaded with that feel. I can definitely recommend this album highly, and I am glad that Amazon has the Paul McCartney collection ( all except for Wings at the speed of sound which was chopped away as \\"not obtainable from our suppliers\\", so I ordered it from an Amazon \\"store \\" in NYC, and await its arrival). Hopefully I can get all the albums like this gem, since on this album I discovered WATERFALLS, which was blatently \\"sampled\\", lyrics and almost all the melody, in a 1995 song of the same name ( I thought I had imagined this detail until I checked it on the net, and Wikipedia, not the best source, gave chapter and verse on the verisimilitude).
B0026P3G12|5.0|Got this CD in excellent condition. and faster than expected. I would surely order from this vendor again
6304907648|5.0|Love this movie, I had not watched it for a long time but always keeps you on the edge of your seat.  If you like movies with a little mystery you will love it.
B0036EH3XE|5.0|I've been collecting television and film since 1976-this show is easily one the best things I have ever seen. Even though the final episode aired days ago I am STILL thinking about it-in fact my wife and I started watching the show OVER again! Amazingly great.
B001TWT0A4|4.0|El Dorado may lack the status of some of Wayne's true classics, like [[ASIN:B00393SG0G Stagecoach]], [[ASIN:B000F0UUIM The Searchers]], or even [[ASIN:B000O179FY True Grit]], but it is still in my opinion one of Wayne's most enjoyable movies.  In this movie, Wayne plays his standard \\"tough guy with a good heart\\" as so many of his fans like him best.  In El Dorado, that lovable character is combined with the typical snappy dialog of Howard Hawks, a great co-star in Robert Mitchum and some fine supporting actors.<br /><br />This \\"Centennial Edition\\" contains an excellent transfer of the film.  I'm not sure what the previous releases might have been like, but this one is definitely first rate.  The two-DVD set also includes some very worthwhile supplementary material, including a couple of very nice documentaries.  I was somewhat disappointed in the commentary, however.  There are actually two commentaries on the DVD and while they do include some interesting facts about the movie, the actors and the director, as you listen it becomes obvious that neither of the commentators are terribly great fans of this movie.  They both spend a lot of time \\"damning with faint praise\\" or comparing the film unfavorable to the director's other movies (in particular the very similar [[ASIN:B000O599WG Rio Bravo]]).  I think their choice for this set was a mistake, as I would think most people would not care to listen to two \\"experts\\" pan the movie they just purchased.<br /><br />(Personally, I find El Dorado much superior to Rio Bravo, if for no other reason that a far superior supporting cast.  Robert Mitchum is a far better actor than Dean Martin, and even the young James Caan is far preferable to teen idol turned \\"actor\\", Ricky Nelson.)<br /><br />In the end, I think this \\"Centennial Collection\\" release would make a fine addition to the video library of most fans of either Wayne or Hawks.
1594202249|3.0|This is the first book I've read by Pynchon.  In the end it was enjoyable, but I'm not going to run out and get his others.  This is really a detective novel, centered on PI Doc Sportello, lured into a complex mystery via his relationships to his ex-girlfriend and a crooked cop.      The plot is nicely complicated by the cop's manipulations of Sportello's attention and by the fact that the crux of the case (the disappearance of a wealthy and equally twisted lover and intended con-game victim of Sportello's ex-girlfriend) isn't what it appears to be.  It also pits Sportello's hippie/surfer outlook on life against the cop's dog-kill-dog-who-killed-other-dog outlook.   In the end, I suppose it's a stand-off.    For whatever reason, it seemed to take me forever to read the book -- it's not that long, 370 pages, but the plot is intricate enough that I lost my way repeatedly and either had to regroup or lose interest.  Also, every time I read it, I had this weird sense memory -- the smell of an old wooden dope pipe, reeking of fired-on resin.
B002VPE1B6|5.0|My family and I loved the movie. It didn't even seem we were watching it for so long. Great movie for all the family.
B0039ZF89G|5.0|I know, pricey, but the Stones are worth every cent. The previously unissued material is amazing...Mick Jagger took a bunch of backing tracks  from the 'Sticky Fingers'/'Exile' era and turned them into new Stones classics...I had all the cuts on boots previously sans vocals on some-and I have been listening to this non-stop since...The package is nice-book is cool, though I have all the pictures (well, maybe I didn't have 2 or 3) elsewhere...numbered...EXCELLENT.  STONES RULE!!!
B00275EHIM|4.0|\\"Prince of Persia: The Sands of Time\\" is an exceedingly simply story told amidst a wealth of complicated stunt work and impressive special effects, which is basically a fancy way of saying that it's thin on premise but an absolute pleasure to look at. That doesn't necessarily make it a bad movie, although it does prevent me from appreciating it as anything more than an action spectacle - exempting a few weak references to recent political events, which I'm sure the intended family audiences will not pick up on. To be fair, it is based on a video game, and video games generally don't go above and beyond the razzle-dazzle of their graphics or the cool maneuvers players use for the characters. And I admit that, as video game adaptations go, it's quite entertaining. A bit derivative perhaps, and certainly slow in gaining momentum, but in the end, it's still entertaining.    The setting is a fantastical representation of the sixth century Persian Empire, where vast stretches of desert separate kingdoms of flat rooftops and ornate palaces towering sky high. The protagonist is Prince Dastan (Jake Gyllenhaal), drawn from elements of every Arabian archetype from Abu the Thief to Aladdin to Sinbad to Ali Baba; he was an orphaned street urchin before being adopted by King Sharaman (Ronald Pickup), who was impressed by his display of courage in the face of certain death. After fifteen years of loyalty and bravery, Dastan is framed by his wicked uncle Nizam (Ben Kingsley) for an exceptionally heinous crime, forcing him to make an acrobatic escape from the city. You know the kind of escape I'm talking about; it involves impossible stunts and a generous donation from the special effects department.    Why was Dastan framed? Here enters Princess Tamina (Gemma Arterton), whose peaceful kingdom was invaded by Sharaman's army on the belief that dangerous weapons were being concealed for sinister purposes. (Do I sense a connection to the 2003 invasion of Iraq and the fruitless search for WMDs?) Tamina is the keeper of the film's MacGuffin: The Dagger of Time, an ancient knife with magical sand swirling in its glass hilt. If the jewel atop the dagger is pressed, the person holding it has the power to travel back a full minute in time, which is apparently just long enough for key characters to reverse fateful decisions and change the course of history. Were such a thing real, I'd probably have lots of fun with it.    But for Tamina, it's serious business. The sand in the hilt is linked to a massive underground crystal that, if cracked open, could unleash a destructive force the likes of which no one has ever experienced. It's up to Tamina and Dastan to return the dagger to its rightful place, restore peace between their respective kingdoms, and stop Nizam before he has the chance to alter the past.    Perhaps it's the mystical nature of the dagger that gives me pause, especially in relation to the underground crystal with which it's linked. This dagger, shiny and exotic, manipulates time under rules that seemed straightforward enough until they were obscured by events near the end of the film, events that shock us into believing they were clever when it fact they were merely the result of a narrative copout. Something within me is intrinsically resistant to stories involving time travel, for they can be anything at any time with no regard for structure, sequence, or even basic applications of logic. What we get from the end of \\"Prince of Persia\\" is not the tying of loose ends so much as an exercise in trickery, which is to say that, given what had gone on before, it cheats.    Perhaps I have reservations about the characters, who are decent enough within the context of the story but are hardly memorable in the grand scheme of things. That could have more to do with the actors. Gyllenhaal, despite being ripped and in command of a convincing British accent, plays Dastan so generically that the role could have been given to any leading male. Artertonis certainly beautiful, although it takes her too long to develop Tamina into anything worthwhile; for the first forty-five minutes of the film, I found her incredibly annoying, always with the smart aleck dialogue. And then there's Alfred Molina as the obligatory yet distracting comedy relief - a money-grubber who created an isolationist community to avoid paying taxes. Who knew Objectivism stretched all the way back to the sixth century?    Seriously though, what does all this amount to? Like so many summer popcorn flicks that have come before it, it amounts to a superficial but enjoyable experience at the movies. While \\"Prince of Persia: The Sands of Time\\" lacks any real importance, it does hold its own as a showcase of visual delights, so yes, I'm going to recommend it for sheer cinematic escapism. You want CGI? You've got CGI. You want stunts? You've got stunts. You want Jake Gyllenhaal? You've got Jake Gyllenhaal. Perhaps it was too much to hope for a masterpiece, although I do find myself thinking of \\"Raiders of the Lost Ark,\\" which proved that supernatural artifacts, exotic locations, heroes, villains, and plenty of action all in the same movie can be both preposterous and brilliant. I have reservations, but I can't deny that I liked what I saw.
B003LSTK8G|5.0|I have enjoyed Michael Lewis's books in the past and was interested in a different perspective on the financial crisis. This book more than satisfies. Lewis follows a few unique individuals that placed bets, in the form of credit default swaps and other complex financial instruments, against the subprime mortgages being made, rated, and sold totaling trillions of dollars beginning in 2005. Through these individuals Lewis shows astounding and eventually unnerving sides of finance: the hyper-irrational, lack of understanding of the risk being created, and seeming absence of control over traders executing billion dollar deals. Lewis said that in Liar's Poker he was trying to scare away people from what finance was becoming, but like many I wanted to become a bond trader because it sounded exciting. After The Big Short it doesn't sound so exciting.
0451529308|5.0|Near the end of the nineteenth century, a family with four girls is growing up in \\"genteel poverty;\\" their lives derive much strength and goodness from the example and teaching of their loving parents.  They are the March family, and they consist of Meg, Jo, Beth, and Amy, guided by their loving \\"Marmee\\" while their father is away in the war.<br /><br />We first meet the \\"little women\\" when the older two are in their teens and the younger two are approaching those adolescent years.  We follow their progress as they learn life's lessons via their beloved \\"Pilgrim's Progress.\\"  We see their faith tested, and the goodness they strive for is elusive--especially for Jo and Amy.<br /><br />Throughout [[ASIN:0451529308 Little Women (Signet Classics)]], we observe the warmth and nurturing they receive and which others long for but never achieve.<br /><br />I first read this book as a child; in fact, I read it over and over, until some of the more memorable moments were so completely ingrained that they became part of who I was at that time in my life.<br /><br />Now, many years later, I reread it, wondering what I would think and feel about this book.  Would my own experiences in those interim years somehow change the story for me?  Would my love of this book lessen because I am in a different place now?  Well, I am happy to report that I read and achieved each milestone with the March family, all over again, with joy and delight; I remembered and celebrated those moments, almost as if I were reading them for the first time, yet with the extra special glow that comes from reexamining a beautiful treasure from the past.<br /><br />This adventure in reading was well worth it.  Next I will be rereading some of the other Alcott books, knowing that I will surely enjoy them (again) as well.<br /><br />I am awarding this wonderful book five stars.
B002XMGGJM|4.0|This movie is very simply about a man out to change the Judicial system and to make those involved directly with his families case pay.     His wife and daughter are brutally murdered with him watching. The DA makes a deal in order to get the one on death row and letting the other off with just a couple years in prison. Most importantly the DA makes this deal because it guarantees a conviction and improves his numbers. This does not set well with the father so he does something about it    I will tell you this now, some of the things in the movie are a little far fetched. But this does not take away from the movie very much.  If you just set back and enjoy the movie for what it is and try not to annualize every second of it you will have a ball.  Also there are a couple twists in the movie.  One I was on the verge of nailing.  Close enough that when it happened I was not surprised but it was still a good twist.  The other....well we'll just say I never even came close to seeing it and it was great!
B0027BOL4G|5.0|I had heard about big business farming, but seeing it, in technicolor yet, was disgusting.  How the American people can allow themselves to be led blindly into a sick future blows my mind.<br /><br />I believe Monsanto is evil. When the slick deals and threats are backed by more big money than the average farmer will ever see, few of us have a chance to know the truth without investigative reporting like Food, Inc.<br /><br />I'm sharing it with all my friends who have strong enough stomaches to watch.
B001SRC9P8|5.0|I admit that I love chick lit and a wickedly riveting series, such as the Pretty Little Liars Series. These girls drop designer names the way insecure people drop names at social gatherings.<br /><br />Dramatis Personae<br /><br />Alison \\"Ali\\" DeLaurentis: a bright, popular girl who led a clique of other rich, indulged girls. Alison has social clout, so being accepted by her is a way to ensure a leg up the social ladder. The other girls are more satellites to her sun; they are more subjects to Her Royal Majesty, Queen Alison. The girls live in Rosewood, a suburb of Philadelphia on the Main Line. They drop designer names at the drop of a designer hat. Ali, known for insidious cruelty has plenty of secrets. So do the other girls, all of whom have good reason to want Ali to do a permanent disappearing act.<br /><br />Aria, an attractive, athletic brunette who was glad to escape Rosewood for Iceland. She has a yak-fur bag to which she is inordinately attached. It is her security blanket. Her father accepts a teaching position there and for 3 years, Aria and her younger brother by 2 years Mike, learn Icelandic and absorb Icelandic culture. Unlike Mike, Aria wants to remain in Iceland. She has a painful non-Ali related secret - she caught her father cheating with another woman. Once back in town, she picks up an older man in a bar and once school starts, discovers that her Ezra is her English teacher! She knows how to play to get an A!<br /><br />Spencer, the grind. She tends to sputter at the drop of a designer hat. She earns As and other academic plaudits for real. She has long been eclipsed by her favored older sister, Melissa and when she steals Melissa's boyfriend for the second time, her cold-hearted family ostracizes her. Melissa, a pompous Drama Queen has long reveled in her Favored Daughter status and you just want to kick her in the shins.*<br /><br />Hanna, the former fat girl now turned femme fatale is the weakest link in the chain. Bulimic and insecure, she has now linked forces with another social outcast. Together, they drop designer names and flaunt fashion like it's going out of style. Hanna's relationship with her divorced mother is more like business associates than family. Her father's fiancee Isabel has a daughter Kate who is Hanna's age and Hanna feels that Kate has replaced her. She does not have a good relationship with her father either and engages in illegal activities.<br /><br />Emily discovers that love comes in the most unexpected places. She discovers her family's true colors of bigotry as she also learns some things about herself.<br /><br />The girls band together after Ali sets the wheels in motion for the traumatic incident with devastating repercussions they call \\"the Jenna Thing.\\" Shortly after the Jenna Thing, Ali disappears and the girls as well as the townspeople are determined to find her.<br /><br />Someone called A knows more about Ali and her satellites than they could ever imagine. A texts and e-mails them, telling them where they've been and what they've done. A also blackmails them. The question is, who is A? One of the girls? Someone close to Jenna? A neighbor? An intrusive officer?<br /><br />This is a deliciously wicked and riveting read that will keep readers bound to the last page.<br /><br />The overplayed 1983 song \\"Every Breath You Take\\" by the Police could be the soundtrack for this series.<br /><br />*In the last chapter, Spencer smokes a Marlboro. When that smoking scene is revisited in the next installment, the coffin nail in question is a Parliament. Readers will catch these things.social outcast. Together, they drop designer names and flaunt fashion like it's going out of style. Hanna's relationship with her divorced mother is more like business associates than family. Her father's fiancee Isabel has a daughter Kate who is Hanna's age and Hanna feels that Kate has replaced her. She does not have a good relationship with her father either and engages in illegal activities.     Emily discovers that love comes in the most unexpected places. She discovers her family's true colors of bigotry as she also learns some things about herself.     The girls band together after Ali sets the wheels in motion for the traumatic incident with devastating repercussions they call \\"the Jenna Thing.\\" Shortly after the Jenna Thing, Ali disappears and the girls as well as the townspeople are determined to find her.     Someone called A knows more about Ali and her satellites than they could ever imagine. A texts and e-mails them, telling them where they've been and what they've done. A also blackmails them. The question is, who is A? One of the girls? Someone close to Jenna? A neighbor? An intrusive officer?     This is a deliciously wicked and riveting read that will keep readers bound to the last page.     The overplayed 1983 song \\"Every Breath You Take\\" by the Police could be the soundtrack for this series.     *In the last chapter, Spencer smokes a Marlboro. When that smoking scene is revisited in the next installment, the coffin nail in question is a Parliament. Readers will catch these things.
B0031YJFCQ|5.0|I am not normally one to read popular fiction and I tend to dislike crime novels quite a bit because I find them predictable and not very thrilling.  The Millenium series changed my mind about that, however.  Every book in the series was incredible and this last book wrapped it up in a great way.  The books are all extremely well-written and leave you wanting more.  The characters are also engaging and unpredictable, which is necessary for a book to hold my attention. All in all, I thought this series was fantastic and I would highly recommend it to anyone.
B0031YJFCQ|5.0|I love the strong female characters and, the way that \\"almost\\" all the loose ends were  tied up. I wanted to finish this novel the day I cracked it open but, I already knew it was the last in the series so, I tried to space it out, to no avail. This is a well written, fast paced, page turner.  Once you pick it up it's very hard to put down. I Loved It! Loved It! Loved it! The writer will truly be missed by this reader! I will be reading the series again and, again. I can't wait to see the films!
B0039ZF8D2|5.0|So right after this was released me and my boyfriend went and saw them perform and they killed it even more live!! I wasn't even a fan before this came out and now I can't get enough. I can't wait for more concerts with them it was definitely on my top 5 list for favorite concerts. They are a great collaboration and I can't wait for more cd's to come!
0446310786|5.0|Firstly the book you get might not be the one shown in Amazon's picture. I got another version. Not a big deal as they all contain the same text just different page numbers.  I had never read To Kill a Mockingbird and seeing as how everyone considered it a classic i thought i should give it a read. Having just finished it i have to say it really is a good book. I have also watched the film after reading the book and i have to say i didnt like it as much as the book. I love how the story is split into 2 distinct parts. The first part sets up and describes all the characters as well as taking us through their daily lives. Then we get to the second part which is the part that revolves around the main story of the book, the court case and its participants. Their are quite memorable characters here and each one has their own distinct personality that they live by.  Basically if you havent got around to it yet, you really must read this book. It truly is a classic. I am glad i did.
B0015DROBO|5.0|I am not normally one to read popular fiction and I tend to dislike crime novels quite a bit because I find them predictable and not very thrilling.  The Millenium series changed my mind about that, however.  Every book in the series was incredible and this last book wrapped it up in a great way.  The books are all extremely well-written and leave you wanting more.  The characters are also engaging and unpredictable, which is necessary for a book to hold my attention. All in all, I thought this series was fantastic and I would highly recommend it to anyone.
B000002J6H|5.0|I'm sorry, the reviewer states that Stills was not the most accomplished member of CSNY or CSN...so who was, Graham Nash? Please...this man wrote the songs that eventually MADE these guys superstars: Suite Judy Blue Eyes, Wooden Ships (with Paul Kantner), Carry On. The reviewer is just flat out wrong. Stills is a masterful guitarist AND songwriter...this album has Clapton and Hendrix adding their indisputable talents to an artist whose talent is, itself, indisputable. Stills other solo efforts are equally as good - Manassas is a kickass album that I have replaced 2X because I have worn it out from overuse. Gavin McNutt  should stick to reviewing Abba albums...
B001UW58YK|5.0|Michael Bublé is a very charming young man with a nice voice and everyone knows it.     This show is a very nice one and left me wanting more, but the deal here is the Blue Ray...    I'm still amazed by the image and sound of bluerays when I see them. Being able to see the drops of sweat form on Michael's forehead is amazing!    This show is very good and I would recommend it in a blink if anyone asked me!    Cheers!
B0038Q3UKA|5.0|Purchasers of Decca's 2005 Radu Lupu Edition -- three budget-priced collections devoted to Schubert, Beethoven, and Brahms -- may be hesitant to buy the new \\"complete Decca solo recordings\\" box set. The earlier sets are worth hanging onto for Lupu's complete Beethoven piano concertos with Mehta and the Israel PO; the Brahms D minor concerto with Edo de Waart and the London Philharmonic; and Lupu's 1986 recording of the Beethoven Quintet for piano and winds.<br /><br />What's new to the 10-disc Decca box are Beethoven's opus 49 piano sonatas (recorded 1977), both sets of Schubert's Impromptus (1982), and, weirdly, Lupu's 1970 debut recording of Beethoven's C minor piano concerto with Lawrence Foster and the LSO. This set also rescues Lupu's 1993 Schumann disc from oblivion, which was long overdue.<br /><br />CD1 - Beethoven I<br />78.23<br />Two Rondos, op.51<br />32 Variations on an original theme in C minor, WoO 80<br />Piano Concerto no.3 in C minor, op.37<br />Piano Sonata no.19 in G minor, op.49/1<br />Piano Sonata no.20 in G major, op.49/2<br /><br />CD2 - Beethoven II<br />65.49<br />Piano Sonata no.14 in C# minor, op.27/2 \\"Moonlight\\"<br />Piano Sonata no.8 in C minor, op.13 \\"Pathetique\\"<br />Piano Sonata no.21 in C major, op.53 \\"Waldstein\\"<br /><br />CD3 - Brahms I<br />52.20<br />Piano Sonata no.3 in F minor, op.5<br />Theme and Variations in D minor (arr. from String Sextet in B flat, op.18)<br /><br />CD4 - Brahms II<br />70.19<br />Two Rhapsodies, op.79<br />Three Intermezzos, op.117<br />Six Piano Pieces, op.118<br />Four Piano Pieces, op.119<br /><br />CD5 - Schubert I<br />74.03<br />Piano Sonata no.16 in A minor, D.845<br />Piano Sonata no.18 in G major, D.894<br /><br />CD6 - Schubert II<br />80.38<br />Piano Sonata no.5 in A flat, D.557<br />Two Scherzos, D.593<br />Six Moments musicaux, D.780<br />Piano Sonata no.19 in C minor, D.958<br /><br />CD7 - Schubert III<br />72.12<br />Piano Sonata no.20 in A major, D.959<br />Piano Sonata no.14 in A minor, D.784<br />Piano Sonata no.1 in E major, D.157<br /><br />CD8 - Schubert IV<br />58.57<br />Piano Sonata no.13 in A major, D.664<br />Piano Sonata no.21 in B flat, D.960<br /><br />CD9 - Schubert V<br />66.06<br />Four Impromptus, D.899<br />Four Impromptus, D.935<br /><br />CD10 - Schumann<br />74.36<br />Humoreske, op.20<br />Kinderszenen, op.15<br />Kreisleriana, op.16r Impromptus, D.899  Four Impromptus, D.935    CD10 - Schumann  74.36  Humoreske, op.20  Kinderszenen, op.15  Kreisleriana, op.16
B001NLKT60|5.0|I am not normally one to read popular fiction and I tend to dislike crime novels quite a bit because I find them predictable and not very thrilling.  The Millenium series changed my mind about that, however.  Every book in the series was incredible and this last book wrapped it up in a great way.  The books are all extremely well-written and leave you wanting more.  The characters are also engaging and unpredictable, which is necessary for a book to hold my attention. All in all, I thought this series was fantastic and I would highly recommend it to anyone.
B003A02W6C|5.0|Hey, Gene, I really like your book. I worked on the SI-C Stage at Michoud. Your descriptions of events and what went on in Mission Control are really interesting and right on. I appreciate you and your efforts to keep all of our Astronauts safe. That was the goal of all of us who worked on the Saturn V. I also think that you are pretty funny.    I think it is sad that the public mis-understands a lot of what we write. That will probably not change.  Folks, this book is worth reading. Please learn the true history and story of Apollo. Gene Krantz is a true American hero and a funny guy.    Sara Howard, Author of \\"Something Funny Happened on the Way to the Moon\\" and \\"The Greatest Explosions in the Universe.\\"
B002VPE1B6|3.0|I didn't go in to this movie with expectations of greatness in any area other than special effects. But even with lowered expectations, I thought this movie was filled with one eye rolling moment after another. Amazing visuals & looks great on Blu-ray, but this is something I feel absolutely no urge to watch again anytime soon do to the overly cliched & over the top characters, not to mention having about 45 minutes of boredom that could've easily ended up on the cutting room floor. Not a very good movie, but a great spectacle.
B001OQCV2O|3.0|I was expecting the movie to be a bigger disaster than the earthquakes and floods.  It wasn't that horrible.  Roland Emerich is a bad director, but it could have been worse.  In a nutshell, extreme solar flares have heated up the earth's core to where it is shifting the Earth's crust like never before.  Huge earthquakes devastate the world.  Gargantuan tsunami's end up covering most of the earth.  You have your standard scientist, actually well played by Chiwetel Ejiofor, running around trying to convince the powers at be that the end of the world is coming.  Unlike previous movies, they actually listen to the guy.  The world leaders, in secret, come up with a plan to save a small portion of humanity (around 500,000) in these big ships they build, called Arks.  Most of the story revolves around John Cusak's character and his desperate attempt to save his family.  The strength of this movie is obviously the special effects.  They are breathtaking.  Some of the best you will ever see.  The weakness of the movie, predictably, is the characters and story line.  It's amazing how these idiot characters are facing Armageddon, yet they always seem to take their time with everything.  In one scene, the fate of one of these gigantic ships hangs in the balance.  Thousands of lives are at stake with only minutes save them.  Yet, the hero has time to stop and talk to his son and kiss his ex-wife a few times.  No hurry at all, even with a woman drowning in the next compartment.  It happens again when a runway is collapsing all around, but the pilot wants to do some pre-flight checks.  It's really stupid.  Many of the actors, are just plane flops.  Amanda Peet and the kids never really look all the frightened at times.  In one part they are seeing thousands of people dying everywhere, yet barely a scared look on their faces.  I imagine real people would be in a state of shock.  They only seemed to get emotional whenever John Cusak was in trouble, which was every single minute of the film.  Overall, it was still pretty entertaining.  Just expect to put aside logic and realism to enjoy the ride.
B0019N8P2W|4.0|I won't let your 10 years of work go to waste says my receipt. Thank you Viacom, you guys are paramount.
0374531943|5.0|Hi, Mike!  Great book! I know a friend of yours--a long time friend--Robert Morris. I am glad you wrote this book. It is very interesting. I was glad to read your perception on Apollo 11. I was so worried about you all alone in your orbit around the moon. But I am glad you enjoyed your journey.    I really enjoyed this book and I can recommend it to anyone. I am one of 2 gals who were engineers on the   SI-C Stage at Michoud. I will love Apollo for the rest of my life.    Sara Howard, Author of \\"Something Funny Happened on the Way to the Moon\\" and \\"The Greatest Explosions in the Universe.\\"
B001FB5634|5.0|Director John Hillcoat has done the best cinematic vision of the end of the world that I have ever seen. I was hesitant,at first, to embrace a film version of Cormac Mccarthy's book because of the images that were brought forth from his beautifully written prose.  But Hillcoat and his brilliant cohorts have done it.  The photography and effects are brilliant and give you the dusty, ash like feeling from the book that makes you want to blow on your clothes while you're watching. The music score wraps itself around the atmosphere like the layers of clothes worn by the characters.  The cast is amazing-Viggo Mortenson with his haunting face, Charlize Theron showing her mental state eroding with every flashback, and Kodi Smit-McPhee stealing the show as the ever learning son.  The cameo by Robert Duvall should be seen by everyone who dreams of becoming an actor.  Watching him reminds us of how much an important thespian he has always been throughout the years, I defy anyone to sit through his performance and not shed a tear.  Many generations of movies have given us the apocalypse but always with a bit of the Science Fiction genre intruding into the storyline.  Here we have the bleakest no holds barred vision of a dying humanity ever committed to celluloid. The DVD is presented in its widescreen format of 2.35:1 with excellent 5.1 Dolby sound, has a great making of documentary and includes deleted scenes and a full audio commentary by Director John Hillcoat    Recommended.
B00275EGWY|2.0|I went into The Hurt Locker very excited to see a well received war film. I usually love war films and was hoping to see one covering the modern wars. I have to say THL had no point and had horrible acting. I just couldn't identify with any of the characters in the least. You just watch a guy disarm bombs and people seem to think this is a great character study for it. You need an interesting character to make a great character study. All of the characters in this movie are cardboard cutouts..
B000URDE2Y|5.0|WARM summer day a bottle of Lambrusco and some well you know. Memories of days long ago. GREAT CD.
B0023H71VO|2.0|I probably would be a little more harsh had I actually paid $$ for this recording, but since I had a coupon from Amazon for $5 on downloads, I figured what the heck.<br /><br />This recording is of low quality. It sounds if someone recorded this MP3 off an old record, very scratchy, limited dynamic range.  When the creshendos happen, it's a cacaphony of sounds and the low notes are  just it...very low.<br /><br />The performances are great, but it's a shame that the sound quality doesn't match.<br /><br />I'd say spend a little more money on a better quality recording if you are actually paying $ for this...
B000001E18|4.0|I'm looking foward to listening to this CD but the vendor has not shipped it. It was promised to be delivered by the 19 of May and today is the 29th and still no CD. I emailed twice and first someone claimed a computer crash then I was given a promise of another copy being sent and still no CD. Buyer beware. I really liked the CD I was trying to replace though and thats why  I ordered it.    gus
030745455X|5.0|Great Book!  Hard to put down.  I can't wait to read the 3rd!!!
1563898586|5.0|THE LEAGUE OF EXTRAORDINARY GENTLEMEN, VOL 1 is a graphic novel. It is most assuredly not a comic book intended for children. Rather it is solid proof that mainstream comic books can be combined with exciting, imaginative adventure and story-telling, illustrated with serious, skilled artwork that merits close examination in each and every panel aimed at serious adult readers with eclectic tastes in classic literature. THE LEAGUE OF EXTRAORDINARY GENTLEMEN, VOL1 is at once a pastiche and a tribute to the skills of an extraordinary, lengthy and almost bewildering list of adventure, mystery and horror writers of the late eighteenth and early nineteenth centuries.<br /><br />Under order from the mysterious \\"M\\", the director of MI5, Britain's intelligence service, Campion Bond has recruited a team of adventurers and spies best known for their ability to get the job done in the face of daunting opposition and insurmountable obstacles. The team consists of Mina Murray, Allan Quatermain, Captain Nemo, Henry Jekyll, Edward Hyde and HG Well's invisible man, Hawley Griffin. Their task, as they understand it, is to locate and recover a container of the anti-gravity compound, Cavorite, before the nefarious Dr Fu Manchu can use it to launch an airship and attack the city of London. But, all is never as it seems, and as challenging as this assignment is, it represents only the beginning of the horrors and the difficulties that Mina Murray and her League of Extraordinary Gentlemen will face in their race to save Victorian London from devastating destruction.<br /><br />Moore's borrowed cast of characters leaps off the page and into life under the skilled artistry of Kevin O'Neill. But alert readers will quickly discover that it doesn't end with this short list of main players and will delight in scavenging for even the most fleeting references to an almost endless list of literary luminaries - Sherlock and Mycroft Holmes, Dorian Gray, James Moriarty and Sebastian Moran, Auguste Dupin, Selwyn Cavor, Jack the Ripper, Jack Harkaway, Ishmael, Samuel Ferguson, the Artful Dodger ... the list just goes on and on!<br /><br />Be advised. Readers who consider themselves to be faint of heart should know that Kevin O'Neill has given himself full permission to display violence, fighting, bloodletting and death in the most graphic fashion. But this is far from a criticism, it is only a caution in the full understanding that some potential readers will simply not enjoy the degree to which O'Neill has visually let loose the free flow of blood and guts. Thankfully, I am not on that list and can say that I enjoyed every single word and every single illustration immensely. I'm only sorry to realize that there are only two volumes left in the series which I will be purchasing just as soon as I finish this review.<br /><br />Highly recommended.<br /><br />Paul Weiss, Jack the Ripper, Jack Harkaway, Ishmael, Samuel Ferguson, the Artful Dodger ... the list just goes on and on!    Be advised. Readers who consider themselves to be faint of heart should know that Kevin O'Neill has given himself full permission to display violence, fighting, bloodletting and death in the most graphic fashion. But this is far from a criticism, it is only a caution in the full understanding that some potential readers will simply not enjoy the degree to which O'Neill has visually let loose the free flow of blood and guts. Thankfully, I am not on that list and can say that I enjoyed every single word and every single illustration immensely. I'm only sorry to realize that there are only two volumes left in the series which I will be purchasing just as soon as I finish this review.    Highly recommended.    Paul Weiss
0061537934|5.0|This is such a charming book.  That the author chose to write it in the dog's \\"voice\\" was a big plus.  After all...dogs are so much smarter than we are about life.
0446567337|3.0|Okay I only give this one 3 stars because although I did like the book, now having read it after I saw the movie I feel that the movie is alot better. At 1st I felt like the movie left more to be desired but I was wrong...<br /><br />1. I felt that the chemistry between John and Savannah in the movie was alot more intense and believable than in the book.<br /><br />2. Savannah in the book just came off as way too naive than she did in the movie, and more of a prude than she did in the movie. (although she still ticked me off in the movie as well as the book for the simple fact that she left John).<br /><br />3. There was just way too much uninteresting conversations happening in this book from time to time. Kinda like someone who is just talking just to be talking but not really saying anything of interest. Keeping things on the surface when it should have been deeper.<br /><br />4. I think the changes they made in the movie from the book worked alot better. (1)Like with Tim and Alan, in the movie Alan is his son in the book he's his brother, So that kinda made the situation seem a bit more believable as to why savannah felt she needed to be there for Tim and his son in a more urgent way. (2)Savannah obviously from her appearance to her personality. John pretty much stayed the same from book to movie and I was happy about that as well. (3)I love that they changed the time frame. In the book they meet in 2000, in the movie its 2001 so it just brings you closer to how quickly things had to change between John and Savannah. It wasn't dragged along. (4)Also the fact that Tim dies in the movie but in the book he doesn't. (not saying I wished for him to die, but that conclusion just worked better).<br /><br />5. The one thing that I do love in the book more than the movie is I got a better understanding concerning the relationship between John and his father. Just the dynamic between them. But I do feel that when John was able to say goodbye to his father in the movie, it was much more heart felt than it was in the book.<br /><br />Conclusion****<br />This one was just a hard one all around. Very bittersweet because I totally understand both sides and why John made the decision he made. And I understand how and why Savannah would have come to her decision. I would like to think that I would have chosen to stay with John if I were in this situation, but I don't know. But having said that, given the information from the book, she only had 9 more months before John would have been home for good. And the fact that the type of love that these 2 had for one another, the type of love that Mr Sparks wants us to believe they had, not saying it's easy, but I still don't see how she could have chosen Tim. I just don't. She could have been there for him no doubt about it. They've known each other forever, but she could have done this without being romantically involved with him which ultimately leads to her marrying him.<br /><br />Given the choices they both made I totally see why they could not be together again. It's heartbreaking but I feel like if they were to get back together it would be this constant rift/disappointment between them. Somehow it would feel as though their love was stained, tainted I guess you could say. Their love as deep as it was for one another could no longer truly be all that it could have been had these events not taken place. So I feel the book as well as the movie got this point across very well and I totally understand why John made the decision he did and why he and Savannah did not end up together... Like I said it's heartbreaking but sometimes in life those are the breaks. Point is none of us gets a free pass from the consequences of our choices. No matter how big or small or well intended they may be.as in the book.     Conclusion****   This one was just a hard one all around. Very bittersweet because I totally understand both sides and why John made the decision he made. And I understand how and why Savannah would have come to her decision. I would like to think that I would have chosen to stay with John if I were in this situation, but I don't know. But having said that, given the information from the book, she only had 9 more months before John would have been home for good. And the fact that the type of love that these 2 had for one another, the type of love that Mr Sparks wants us to believe they had, not saying it's easy, but I still don't see how she could have chosen Tim. I just don't. She could have been there for him no doubt about it. They've known each other forever, but she could have done this without being romantically involved with him which ultimately leads to her marrying him.     Given the choices they both made I totally see why they could not be together again. It's heartbreaking but I feel like if they were to get back together it would be this constant rift/disappointment between them. Somehow it would feel as though their love was stained, tainted I guess you could say. Their love as deep as it was for one another could no longer truly be all that it could have been had these events not taken place. So I feel the book as well as the movie got this point across very well and I totally understand why John made the decision he did and why he and Savannah did not end up together... Like I said it's heartbreaking but sometimes in life those are the breaks. Point is none of us gets a free pass from the consequences of our choices. No matter how big or small or well intended they may be.
0812973992|5.0|This book is wonderfully written.  \\"The world spins.  We stumble on.  It is enough.\\"  The story is centered on Philippe Petit who walked a tightrope wire between the World Trade Center towers on August 7, 1974 but describes the interrelated events of that day.  It tell the story of the Philippe, the judge who arraigned him, the judge's wife who lost a son in Viet Nam, a club of mothers who lost sons in Viet Nam, a mother and daughter both prostitutes, the daughter's twin daughters, a monk and his brother, computer hackers in California and others.  Although vastly different, Colum weaves the story of these people together but makes each a real character with thoughts, feelings, and views of the world.  The story moves forward and because of the writing and story it is the type of book that you want to read but not to end.  The ending was satisfying but not hyper dramatic.  It also weaves the themes of war (from World War II, through Viet Nam to Iraq), segregation, prostitution, rich, poor, and gives you time to think as you move through these ideas.  One of the very best books for me this year, and I would definitely recommend it.
B002ZTQVGQ|4.0|She's got a box full of DVD movies and I was trying to expand her horizons beyond the typical Disney movie (who distributes this movie by the way.)  She's usually good for about 40% to 60% of any movie before she starts finding something else to do because she's bored.  She watches this movie from beginning to end all the way through the credits and the next day does the same thing.  She can't get enough.  It's very sweet and cute and the art work is really amazing.  I'm not much of an Anime fan but this one is a good one.
0307408833|1.0|As others have mentioned, these are NOT the recipes for the baked goods offered in the shop.  While these recipes are indeed badly proportioned, full of errors and you will waste a lot of time and $ in making them, the real annoyance is that throughout the book Erin mentions how people \\"love\\" this icing, how they \\"go crazy\\" for their cupcakes, etc - as though these recipes will make those items. I find it deceptive and greedy that she has led us to believe we can get the same results from these half-baked recipes.  The icing contains soy milk powder and Babycakes is a soy-free bakery!  Come on, who are you kidding, Erin?  She is famously secretive about her ingredients - she doesn't even let the majority of her staff know how to make her stuff - of course she would put out a cookbook with the wrong recipes just to make people have to keep going to her store.  Conveniently they now have several shops in the States and offer shipping anywhere.  So far I have spent and wasted over $100 in exotic ingredients - and I am a professional cook who knows how to bake.  Erin, you should be ashamed of yourself.  Not cool!
6305212112|5.0|One of the greatest films I ever saw, so great performances by Kathy Bates and Jessica Tandy. I really hightly recomend it.
B0026P3G12|5.0|Everyone who watched her on You Tube can see how fantastic she is. This cd it the most amazing thing I have ever heard. She sings like she has been a professional singer for years. It is wonderful.
1435299787|5.0|Great book.  I usually hate sad books, but Sparks has a way of pushing extremes; i.e. you have to sad to have happy.  While the dvd was good, the book is always better.
B000K7VHQE|5.0|Absolutely wonderful movie. Rarely does a movie stay entertaining and engaging from opening to closing credits, but this film bats 1000.  If you think the moms and families on \\"Toddlers and Tiaras\\" serve as role models and fine examples of positive influence on society, let this movie serve as a reality check.
0800105877|4.0|I remember watching this production on a grainy b&w television back in 1970.  It didn't much register at the time.  I remember gisting the plot pretty much and enjoying the \\"sound\\" of it all.  (The look of it would have been lost on me in any event, since the reception on my parents' TV set was so poor.) As a rock music fan,  I recall finding Marianne Faithfull's presence in the production intriguing.  But while I had struggled through some required Shakespeare readings in high school (of which, HAMLET was not one), I really wasn't much ready for any production of the play at age 18--let alone one as brooding and dark as this one.    So forty years on, am I any the wiser?  I like to think so--and also like to think that I can appreciate the differences in interpretation and approach in the various productions that I've seen over the years.  This relatively low budget production has much going for it.  Of all the relatively recent filmed productions I've seen, this one is the most stage-like I've seen, while NOT coming off as actually stagey.  I loved Branagh's lavish four-hour production as well, but this Tony Richardson directed version is, in a very real sense, leaner and meaner.    Nicol Williamson was hailed by one critic as one of the TWO great Hamlets of the 20th century. (You can guess who the other one was).   I'm not going to go there myself, but while I can understand why some don't care for his relatively subdued reading of the part,  I couldn't disagree more with those who find him (and Richardson's interpretation) lacking.  Hamlet SHOULD be all about brooding and not about bombast.  It's not whininess: it's melancholia!  Williamson's take on the soliloquies had me spellbound this time out.  \\"So,\\" I thought, \\"This is how you make 'to be or not to be' interesting and authentic.\\"   While I wouldn't say that the other Hamlets I've seen OVERDID it exactly, I was struck how humanized Prince of Denmark was in this production.    And since HAMLET is all about the human condition, I would have to call this productions take on the play a wise one.  It may not be the last word on HAMLET, but it is a most worthy effort and one that should be seen.      It's also one that should be seen on DVD.  I do hope that it is released in that format in the not-too-distant future.
B0037QGRZG|5.0|Everyone that grew up in the 80's loved this movie. Great one liner quotes that people STILL USE til this day. Best of its series. Didn't like part 2, 3, or 4 that much. The movie still holds up even for today's standards although there's some bad cheezy lines.
B001OQCV2O|5.0|Two Thumbs Up...  For those who are having 2nd thought of purchasing this movie blue ray disk, it's a Go Go.  Salute to the producer,director,down to the last.
B000MXPE7O|5.0|Pretty accurate account of the first years of the CIA. Intelligence work is tedious and encourages people who are idealist and perfectionists. It tends (at least used to) draw those who place job above all else, especially given the nature of the work, national security. Probably the most realistic CIA movie made to date. Good acting, good directing, good writing. But don't take mine or anyone else's word for it; I ask you to read some intelligence literature, both internal company memos and bios of agents as well as critical analysis by scholars, journalists, and historians and you we sill this movie is highly realistic and accurate.<br /><br />Because the genre that the movie is in is relatively weak (espionage,political thriller) this is a 5-star movie, but as as a drama or thriller its a 4 star. Its gonna take a hell of a movie to top this in terms of realism and accuracy. By the way the movie is based on the non-fiction book \\"The Very Best Men: The Daring Early Years of the CIA\\".
B002C1BHIO|5.0|I'm really happy with this purchase, because the price and the quality of the product are just perfect.
B00275EGWY|1.0|Guys go to war and its tough, they go home and realize they miss war...
B00275EGWY|2.0|I don't want to say it's unwatchable, so it got two stars instead of one. What I don't understand is how it won awards. It was fairly slow paced, not a single compelling character, and almost zero excitement. If it's neither \\"artsy\\" or exciting, what is it?    Bad. That's what it is. Boring and bad. I wish I didn't waste the time, because that's a couple of hours I wish I had back. :(
1931955085|5.0|Compared to Mark Ryden's previous books, Fushigi Circus and Wondertoonel, this is a nice BIG book.  Dewey-eyed and disturbing.  Like stepping into an age-old fairy tale or a little girl's haunting dreamscape.<br /><br />As you may have surmised by the title, the theme of the art in this book is indeed trees.  But the artwork here is more Salvador Dali than Ansel Adams.  If you'd like a nice sampling of Mark Ryden's bizarre but beautiful artwork before purchasing the book, I'd encourage you to perform a Google image search.<br /><br />My personal all-time favourite painting of Mark Ryden's is titled \\"Goodbye Bear,\\" and is included within these pages.  Although this book was a gift, I think it was well worth the money, and I'd buy it myself in a heartbeat if I didn't already own it.
B001QOGYFO|5.0|Being an avid fan of Alex O'Loughlin I waited for several years while the producers of this movie kept changing the opening date.  It was worth the wait because Alex O. never disappoints.<br /><br />Alex shines as an Australian pilot (we get to hear that wonderful real accent of his), Russell Haden.  I spent some of the movie just waiting for Alex's character to come back on the screen.  When the movie was being promoted, there was something said about Alex running across the ice wearing nothing but a fur hat and boots.  This is one reason why you have to buy the DVD.  It happens so fast in the very beginning, when I saw it in the theater, I was already anxious to get the DVD to use that pause button.  Next comes Alex's acting - splendid - especially in the midst of the rest of the actors in this movie.  Uh, what are their names again?<br /><br />This movie is based on a graphic novel, and they did a good job putting it on screen.  There is lots of excitement when the \\"whiteout\\" finally moves in and the killer is revealed.  Very realistic special effects.  The actors said it was very hot working inside with all those clothes on with fake snow blowing around in the whiteout/fight scenes.  You would never know they were not really out there in the sub-zero temperatures.<br /><br />Another great scene is one where the director let Alex improvise with his natural sense of humor - as he plays bartender for the partying guys at the base, pouring old Scotch over 1,000 year old ice.  Made me want to be there for a shot of that.  Another great scene - where Russell is being interrogated and Kate Beckinsale (ah, I knew I would remember her name eventually...) starts to cut off his thumb.  Very dramatic, and what I love about Alex is that he is so great at playing extrememly different kinds of characters.  Some fans, after seeing him portray Mick on the TV show Moonlight, don't like seeing him play the \\"bad guy\\".  I love it.  He is so versatile, and yes, that is what acting is all about, but Alex is a cut above the rest.  I have never seen anyone absolutely become their characters like he does - the way he looks, talks, etc.<br /><br />This is a great thriller, and again, if you are a fan of Alex O'Loughlin, this is a must see.  If you are not a fan of Alex O'Loughlin, you will be by the time the movie is over.s a cut above the rest.  I have never seen anyone absolutely become their characters like he does - the way he looks, talks, etc.    This is a great thriller, and again, if you are a fan of Alex O'Loughlin, this is a must see.  If you are not a fan of Alex O'Loughlin, you will be by the time the movie is over.
B001KVZ6FW|2.0|Really torn on the movie.<br /><br />I loved the beginning, but found myself wondering right away, \\"Just how is this a kid's movie?\\"  The plot was just too grown-up.  Then they started haphazardly throwing in this random stuff obviously meant to amuse young children.  It was uncomfortable.<br /><br />Don't get me wrong.  The introduction was engrossing.  The animation was great.  Most of the characters were genuinely lovable, especially the old man and Kevin.  But in the end, it just felt like an ugly patchwork - bits and pieces were extraordinary, but ultimately, everything clashed.<br /><br />For the record, I have no problem with talking animals or nonsense in a children's movie - I even expect them.  And I truly love Pixar.  But this film just didn't sit right with me.  The idea was very adult-minded, and it didn't seem like Disney quite worked out what message they wanted to send to kids.  Very confusing.<br /><br />Although I really enjoyed some parts, Up left me feeling down..
B002UXRGM0|5.0|Thanks to Amazon.com pre-ordering, we got this blu-ray TODAY! Bargain! Just love it and enjoy every moment with David Attenborough's just right amount of narration! A must have, for sure!
B00275EHIW|5.0|I thought this movie was a lot of fun. Good acting, great action, great special effects. The only thing I would like to see improved with the next one is a little more of the humor that Pirates of the Caribbean had. I think Jake Gyllenhaal made a great prince but not on the level of Johnny Depp's Jack Sparrow. Still, a good start to what will hopefully be a series of movies to come.
B00000GUZP|1.0|`Koo Koo' is a truly weird first solo album for someone that fronted what was, at the time, one of the biggest bands in the world. With its heavy emphasis on rap, one can only assume Deborah Harry and everyone else involved had gotten carried away by Blondie's success with `Rapture'. But, unfortunately nothing on this album comes even remotely close to the finesse of that song.<br /><br />Presumably Harry was trying to release something that did not sound like Blondie, which she definitely managed. Instead of working with Blondie's rock producer, Mike Chapman (Suzi Quatro, The Knack, The Sweet, Pat Benatar), she worked with dance producers Nile Rodgers and Bernard Edwards (Chic, Sister Sledge, The Jacksons, Diana Ross). The result is that `Koo Koo' sports a thin sound, contains slight, lack-lustre songs and, worst of all, fails to capitalize on Harry's awesome vocal abilities, leaving her enigmatic style sounding silly alongside all the popping basses and excessive rapping.<br /><br />With the exception of the moody and atmospheric `Now I Know You Know', and to a much lesser extent, the single `Backfired' and 'The Jam Was Moving', most of the songs are flat out terrible. It is interesting to note that both of these tracks were written by Rodgers and Edwards. Harry and long-term partner, Chris Stein, had a hand in writing most of the other songs. In fact, were it produced by Chapman, the song `Under Arrest' would have sounded very much like a great Blondie song. Unfortunately, without him, it and everything else just sounds daft and under-realized. The best thing about it is the incredible cover art by H.R.Giger.
B001FB4W0W|5.0|Item as described & well packaged.  Fast, pleasant & professional transaction.  Highly recommend
1401207529|4.0|I'm kind of a new comic book reader. But recently I got really into Batman and decided to buy one of Amazon's three book deals. This one is really quite awesome. It's full of action and has absolutely beautiful artwork. They go into detail on how they do it at the end of the book. The story is pretty good, although I would have preferred if they included a super villain or two. All in all, I recommend this book quite a lot. It's an entertaining read regardless, I gave it four stars out of five. Buy it if your a Batman fan.
B000Q6GUW0|5.0|Item as described & well packaged.  Fast, pleasant & professional transaction.  Highly recommend.
1401216676|5.0|BUY THIS GRAPHIC NOVEL RIGHT NOW! It's an epic read and I was left thinking about it for days. I've read it three times already, and each time have found something new. Not that I even need to, the story alone is freaking awesome. I'm not going to ruin anything, but if your even debating buying this novel, BUY IT BUY IT BUY IT. Did I get my point across?
B002DKGWSE|4.0|Warning: This contains plot spoilers essential to the review, but no action details.<br /><br />Some seem to be disappointed that this version of \\"Last House on the Left\\" doesn't have the \\"raw power\\" of the original; I suppose that's true if you define \\"raw power\\" as meaning that the power to disgust and shock should transcend plot and character.<br /><br />This version slightly but significantly redeems its use of the movie, Bergman's \\"Virgin Spring,\\" that is the structural source for both \\"Last House\\" versions. The essential plot line for all is the same. Young girl encounters bad guys who entrap her, leading to brutal rape and murderous attack. Circumstance leads the attackers to unknowingly seek refuge at the home of her parents, who give them help and shelter. The parents come to realize that something terrible has happened to their daughter and that their \\"guests\\" are the perpetrators. Merciless revenge from the parents follows.<br /><br />Wes Craven's first \\"Last House\\" (first as his hand is also in this one) was interesting in the sense that it packed so much, and such gratuitous, cruelty, humiliation, brutality and shock into one film, making it a key work of its type; but even as far as \\"the envelope\\" has been pushed in movies in recent years, the first, nearly 40-year-old movie still has the \\"raw power\\" to make you want to look away at times and feel more than a little dirty from having watched it to the end.<br /><br />I would not call the new version \\"sensitive\\" by any means, but it at least restores a sense of plot, some modicum of character development and, while hatefully violent, removes some of the sleaze factor.<br /><br />The rape scene is important to all three movies, and its handling here says something of its own in the sequel. In \\"Virgin Spring\\" most of the rape scene was excised after distribution but recently restored. The full scene arouses anger and pity in the viewer and puts a sharp point on the horror and cruelty of the act, not only of the rape of the character, but of rape itself. In the first \\"Last House\\" the rape and what follows, while still the plot climax, seems more like just another instance of the pandering sleeze that typified the entire movie. In this remake, the rape itself, while still brutal, manages to remove the prurience and peep-show quality, and invites the audience's rage at the act by concentrating on the suffering of the victim.<br /><br />I thought this version earned a fourth star for its attempts to recast a famous but irredeemable original. I nearly knocked off that star for the very last scene, perhaps a high point for some, but too much a reminder of the tone of the prior movie.e itself. In the first \\"Last House\\" the rape and what follows, while still the plot climax, seems more like just another instance of the pandering sleeze that typified the entire movie. In this remake, the rape itself, while still brutal, manages to remove the prurience and peep-show quality, and invites the audience's rage at the act by concentrating on the suffering of the victim.    I thought this version earned a fourth star for its attempts to recast a famous but irredeemable original. I nearly knocked off that star for the very last scene, perhaps a high point for some, but too much a reminder of the tone of the prior movie.
1600243916|4.0|The book on cd is very interesting non fiction. I wish I had read it when I was raising children. I am not convinced that the conclusions the author makes are all that objective and scientific, but still they sound plausible.I am only half way through the book at this time.
B00275EGX8|1.0|Disappointing, to say the least.  Just compare it to great war movies in the past, it's a joke.
B00002MZ2T|5.0|I really love Savage Garden.  I loved this CD and also loved their first one even though they are rather different.  This one is less edgy and has softer lyrics and vocals.
1552091090|3.0|A nice story about a parent's love.  Now that I'm a mom, I understand it even more.  But I still can't read it to my kids without crying, so what's the point?  It's not in our house.
1423113381|5.0|My review will only echo those of other five stars reviews, i.e. great adventure/witty/funny/enjoyable way to learn a little egyptian mythology/etc.  The REAL mark of a great story series (like this one) is when I put the book down (in the MIDDLE of the story) to go online to find out when the next book is coming out. My son (12years old) and I were both angling (sp?) to be the first to read it.  He won, and morning and night he asked me \\"You done yet?\\"  Not because he wanted to talk about the book; no, so he could start reading it again. (anther sign a story is a good one) If I could I would give it more stars.
B0036EH3XE|1.0|I think the only people who actually liked the ending of LOST, were the people who didn't watch Seasons 1 through 4. What a complete rip-off for those of us who've watched from the beginning. Years of mystery, twists and plots, only to be left hanging with ZERO answers. Sure, they showed us how Jacob and the Smoke Monster came to be, but where did the woman who raised them come from? What is the light and why does it need protecting? Is the island a real place or all in Jack's mind? What about the Darma Initiative? The relevance of Hugo's numbers? I could go on an on, but the truth is, we will never know. None of it mattered, and so therefore, owning all these Seasons on DVD doesn't matter either. They have become completely unwatchable simply because I know now that we'll never get the answer's. I loved these character's, but sending them off to heaven is not enough for me. I want to know what really happened to them and why. Maybe we should start a fan-club and demand they do another finale? Not holding my breath.
B00275EGX8|1.0|I thought this movie was terrible.  It was the most overrated movie I have seen in a long time.  Don't waste your time watching it.
B001OQCV6K|4.0|I would recommend this movie.  We found it \\"fun\\", humorous and enjoyed the plot even though it was not what we were expecting.  It did flow well and kept our interest.
B000001EGA|5.0|Simply put - this is one of the BEST albums / CDs of all time.  It is the very first album I ever had to play on my stereo when I was 12 years old.  It has remained with me in every form (8 track, album, cassette, CD) since then.  I always have one in my car, one at my large home stereo system, one at my portable boom box, one at my computer.  Over the top one may say....I say it's just damn good music that just don't come along the pike these days.  From the first notes of Captain Fantastic to the last note of Curtains....this is by far one of the best I have run across in my 45 years.
B00007KWHO|5.0|I've been a major YES fan since 1971 when Close to the Edge was first released. Since then, I've purchased almost everything they ever produced, but didn't have Time and the Word. In fact, I never even heard cuts from it. When I saw it on my Amazon, \\"you may like\\" listing, I listened to some trial cuts and realized that it was the seminal album to their sound, before Rick Wakeman and even before Steve Howe. According to the prolific liner notes, Steve joined the band before Time and a Word's release and was included on the cover shot.    All of the songs feature great guitar work, classical YES keyboards, mostly on a Hammond B3, and Chris Squire's unique bass styling. Jon Anderson's voice was young and clear. It's amazing that this album had missed my gaze for so many years.    If you're a YES fan, this is a must-have addition to your collection.
030726999X|2.0|I loved and devoured the first 2 books, especially the 2nd one The Girl Who Played With Fire.  I was hot for the 3rd one and preordered it, so am quite let down that it is mostly politic and not the thriller action of the previous two.  Also the human interaction was weak, as all that space was used up with political background and job descriptions.  I feel it is not near as good as the first 2 books.  There are long boring stretches of endless descriptions that stop all the action for pages and pages each time, which was frustrating.  All of that should have been edited down to succinct intros.  Very disappointing that the amazing unique character of Lisbeth Salander was useless for half the book and almost as much through the rest.  Without her, the other characters (though interesting) are boring comparatively speaking.  Anyone who liked the first two in this trilogy, though, will of course want to read this just out of curiosity.  But I would wait for paperback or get it from the library.
B001DDBCUK|4.0|I received this DVD in a timely fashion, but I have not had the chance to watch it yet
B003E8P9G0|3.0|This book is about Carter and Sadie Kane, siblings raised seperately after the mysterious death of their mother.  Carter, who has spent the last couple years traveling the world with his father Julius, an egyptologist/archaeologist, accompanies his father to England for their bi-annual visit with Sadie.  After arriving at the Grandparent's flat to pick up Sadie, they witness their father talking to a mysterious man.  The family then travels to the museum in London, where Mr. Kane has some odd requests of the children.  One thing leads to another and Mr. Kane has destroyed the Rosetta Stone, released a bunch of gods and is now entombed in a gold coffin that was swallowed up by the floor.  Uncle Amos comes and takes the kids to his home in NY to keep them safe.  There they begin to learn about the blood of Pharoahs, the House of Life, and a wide assortment of Egyptian gods.  For the rest of the story you will have to read though ; )<br /><br />I gave this book three stars because even though it is entertaining and the author, Rick Riordan, has a nice writing style, I felt he took the \\"recipe\\" to Percy Jackson (Riordan's previous series) and repeated it with Egyptian myths and minor story changes.  Once again, a main character can see things through dreams, a parent is/becomes a mythological god, a magical santuary of sorts (Camp Half-blood or mansion in twenty first nome) etc.  Please don't let this discourage you from reading it however.  It is well written, informative on Egyptian myths, and entertaining.  I still plan on reading the rest of the series myself.  Mr. Riordan just really should have \\"wow\\"ed us with something completely different.  Still great book though.
B001LM1456|4.0|The title says it all; the first Hulk movie I found screwed up the Hulk's origin (his twisted father turned him into the Hulk? wha???) to the point that even a noncomic book fan probably would find it stretching the bounds of acceptable fiction.   This movie however stayed close to the roots of the Hulk, portraying the Hulk far better as an essentially immature being that acts on instinct and emotion, especially anger, with little rational thought, then focusing on the two main aspects of the Hulk story; Banner's search to cure himself of the Hulk, and the Hulk's attempt to survive and evade the military.  Actor-wise, Ed Norton was a good pick, and William Hurt is an even better Thunderbolt Ross than Sam Elliot, who I thought was pretty good.  I am however a big fan of Jennifer Connelly and missed her as Betty Ross, although, if she had to be replaced Liv Tyler is definitely a beautiful alternative.  I liked the set up for both the Avengers film and a potential 3rd film starring the Leader.  Overall, I don't think this movie was as dark as the first Hulk movie, but I think that made the film more enjoyable; too much focus on making things dark I think undermines the enjoyability of a movie.  the first Hulk movie does not need to be watched, so I can recommend this film to anyone and know they won't be lost.
006112429X|4.0|We need more books like this one. The world needs to hear, read and look at the people that bring about these atrocities and see them in a different light. We can all point the finger, then of course we can absolve ourselves of any responsibility that we may have played in such an incident as this. Of course we cannot see that we may at all be responsible for someone on the other side of the world who has done such a thing. Yet we are. We need to look at how our society is creating these situations. We need to support people who are in some way emotionally marginalized and understand that they are a product of their experiences which have in some way been condoned by our world. Up till now we have not realized that every experience that a human being has impacts their psychi. This has been shown so well with the work that Dr. Bruce Lipton has done. This is a society issue, not just a personal issue. Well done Shriver for at least airing this situation.<br />Dr Gunta Krumins-Caldwell author of On Silver Wings
B0027BOL4G|5.0|This is a must watch for everyone in America who eats meat. It's really a disgust to see the other side of our food supply controlled by I'm sure a few LARGE businesses. My wife and I now buy very little meat from Wal-Mart and the grocery Store. We bought a deep freezer and got on the internet and to out surprise there was several people in a thirty mile radius of us in the same movement we wanted to head and we found local beef, pork and chickens we now purchase. We have shopped around some and already found prices comparable to Wal-Mart prices too. We found a lady who sells eggs for a dollar a dozen all we want. We just bought three quarters of a cow at four dollars a pound of edible meat and when you average ground beef all the way up to sirloins and t-bones I'd say that was a pretty good bargain.<br /><br />Use common sense and research around starting with this movie. Then use common sense and tell yourself your body can't take all these antibiotics and hormones they pump full in your food supply just to get it raised faster and bigger all for one purpose to them - to make more money. Don't take my word for it and maybe this movie won't even convince you but please don't just call it a conspiracy theory and blow it off like I've already had family members and friends do to me.  Please read all you want wherever you can get information and please use logical deduction and common sense and think about your bodies and your children's bodies.<br /><br />thanks, Jonathan
0446567337|5.0|Let me start off by saying that I am not a re-reader. My philosophy is why re-read when you can read something new, right? But when I saw the re-release of Dear John by Nicholas Sparks (with Channing Tatum on the cover!!) and the fact that a movie was made based on the novel, I wanted to revisit John and Savannah.     I think it goes without saying that Nicholas Sparks is one of my favorite authors. If Sparks writes it, I will read it. His books are on my auto-buy list. It all started with the movie The Notebook. I was completely and utterly captivated with Noah and Allie's story. I wanted more. When I found out the movie was based on a novel, I went to the bookstore and picked it up and read my very first Nicholas Sparks novel. Then I read At First Sight, True Believer, Message in a Bottle....the list goes on and on. I fell in love with his writing style, the characters and with North Carolina (the state itself is a character in its own right in each of his novels). Sparks has a way of getting the reader immersed in his story, longing for more. He has a knack for pulling the reader right into the story.     Dear John is story of love, loss and emotion. It is a story that begs the question 'what if...?'. What if you took a different path in life? Would you still end up at the same destination? What if you made the wrong choice? Would you live to regret it? And what about the tougher questions, like how long would you wait for the one you love? Can love survive the distance?     John is a bit of a rebel but never fell too far off the right path. He was raised by his father, though the two weren't all that close. John had a hard time relating to his father. His father's coin collecting hobby kept them close for a short while. Over time, the two grew further apart. After high school, John realized he wasn't going anywhere in life so he enlisted with the Army for a 4-year tour.     Savannah is a girl who is pure and full of naïve innocence. She's an all-around good girl; you could even call her a goody two-shoes. She lives in a small town and is very close to her parents. She dreams of opening up a horse ranch for autistic kids. It is on a break from school, when she's volunteering for Habit for Humanity, that she meets John and the two fall quickly in love.     Neither John or Savannah were expecting to fall in love but their attraction was inevitable. His two-week furlough is up and he has to return to Germany. Savannah promises to wait for John to finish out his tour. The two continue their relationship through handwritten letters. Savannah writes first:       Dear John,    There's so much I want to say to you, but I'm not sure where I should begin. Should I start by telling you that I love you? Or that the days I've spent with you have been the happiest in my life? Or that in the short time I've known you, I've come to believe that we were meant to be together? I could say all those things and all would be true, but as I reread them, all I can think is that I wish I were with you now, holding your hand and watching your elusive smile.      The two continue their relationship through romantic letters, then the events of 9/11 happen and John re-enlists. The distance and time apart put a toll on their relationship. And the questions of \\"what if...?\\" begin.     Dear John is one of my favorite reads by Nicholas Sparks. It is a story you will not soon forget. You will cry. Your heart will ache. You will find yourself asking  \\"what if...?\\". Dear John is about a love lost but not forgotten. I don't agree with some of the choices made by either John or Savannah but John's selfless act at the end of the story made me proud. Have the tissues ready! If you love a good, seamless love story that pulls on your heart strings, then you need to read Dear John. In fact, you need to read everything by Nicholas Sparks. His stories of timeless, endless love will captivate your heart and stay with you.    A movie has been made based on this novel.To date, there have been 6 book-to-movie adaptions for Sparks' works. I have yet to see Dear John but I will definitely be getting the DVD once it gets released for my collection.
0930289234|5.0|The graphic novel itself is, I venture to say, better than the movie.  Granted, it does follow suit rather nicely. If you like graphic novels, suspense and super heroes, it will blow your mind.
0802798225|4.0|The story is told by both Brittany and Alex, in alternating chapters. I really like the dialogue used for each character. It really sets the tone and gives each character depth that makes the story realistic.     Brittany is a popular white girl who puts on a facade of having the perfect life. She's captain of the pom squad. Her boyfriend is the most popular guy in school. Her family is rich and she just got a BMW. A girl who has it all, or so you think. Her home life is not so great. She has a sister with special needs, whom she loves dearly, but causes a stress-filled environment.     Alex is a Hispanic gangster. He just broke up with his sultry gansta girlfriend. He has dreams of going to college and making something out of himself but his gansta life is holding him back. His number one priority is his family. Since his father's murder, he is the man of the house and looks after his mom and two younger brothers.     Brittany and Alex come from opposite sides of the tracks; they are very different on the outside, yet very similar in the core. They have everything going against them yet there's something that can't keep them away from each other. Their chemistry is undeniable.     There is so much sexual tension between Brittany and Alex; the anticipation will keep you turning the page to find out if they will give in. Will they be able to break down the barrier that keeps their worlds separated? Well, you'll just have to read the book to find out; which I highly recommend you do!
B0000CNY27|5.0|What can I say really about the movie itself? Its probably one of the most classic post apocalyptic sci-fi's ever created! Kurt Russell's Snake Plissken character is memorable, infact most of the characters in the movie are probably the greatest played, including Lee Van Cleef as Bob Haulk; the US Police Force captain of Manhattan Island prison, Isaac Hayes (R.I.P.) as the Duke of New York; the ruthless gang leader running Manhattan Island on the inside, Harry Dean Stanton as Brain, Ernest Borgnine as Cabbie, and of course Donald Pleasance as the Prez. I just love the blend mix of the old school war movie/western vets like Van Cleef and Borgnine mix with the new school action bad-asses like Kurt Russell (though today hes considered old school, he can still kick ass though!), and the interaction between the characters in an environment of a world gone to hell, according through the eyes of Snake Plissken. I don't have to explain the story really, just buy the movie and find out! Not too many people can appreciate a good John Carpenter film, well, to me, not to many people are interested in an idea of creativity and making movies for the movie-goer, instead of just trying to cash-in on a franchise, or cover the story with plot-holes and filler by CGI and Gore Effects. This movie is thoroughly smooth and great from beginning to end, and I think others would agree that it destroys any top grossing movie today. I got the 2 Disc Special Edition DVD (along with the entertaining Comic Book with it, the Snake Plissken Chronicles), its a great buy alone, I enjoyed the Behind the Scenes look, and the alternate 'Bank Robbery' opening scene. If your a big fan of Carpenter's movie, or an action and/or sci-fi movie junkie, get this movie! Or rent it for a final decision at least.
0545123275|5.0|Shiver is a beautiful love story between a girl and a werewolf who want desperately to be together and will stop at nothing to make that dream a reality. A love story, six years in the waiting. Grace falls in love with a yellow-eyed wolf, the one who saved her from being mauled by other wolves when she was younger. Sam is her knight in fur. Finally, six years after the incident, she gets to meet him face to face.    The main reason I wanted to read Shiver is because of all the online buzz the book was getting. Everyone was raving about it. The cover didn't scream at me but my interest peaked when I read the blurb. I entered at a chance to win it on Goodreads and what do you know, I was one of 25 lucky winners (out of more than 2,000 people who entered) to get a copy. I was very excited to read Shiver to see if it lived up to all the hype. And it did!    Shiver is told from two points of view: Grace and Sam, with alternating chapters. I have read a few books lately with alternating POV chapters and I really like the way it tells the story. Not only do you get both sides of the story, you get to know how each character is feeling and thinking. This style of writing brings me deeper into the story. Maggie does a wonderful job of joining the two POVs together seamlessly. Speaking of chapters, each chapter has a temperature reading, which effects the werewolves from shifting from human to wolf. I liked that little bit of insight.    There were not too many characters to follow which allowed me to stay more focused on Sam and Grace. You've got your main characters, Sam and Grace, and a few secondary characters: Jack, Isabel, Olivia, Rachel, Beck and Shelby.    I have to admit, although the cover didn't scream at me at first, I have grown to like it more and more each time I see it. It compliments the storyline well. It's a pretty simple cover with a few telltale signs of what's inside: The blood drip over the \\"i\\", the wolf hidden behind the tree branches (that I didn't catch at first glance) and the heart-shaped leaves.      The ending was abrupt. Extremely so. It left me with a few unanswered questions but Maggie played it out well and suitable enough leaving me wanting more. Knowing that there is a sequel coming out next year made me feel somewhat better. I say *somewhat* because we have to patiently wait until July 20, 2010 for Linger.    I have since added Lament and Ballad to my TBR list. Maggie's unique style of writing captures the reader from page one. I was literally drawn into Shiver from the very first page. She will have you turning page after page wanting to devour the story and leave you wanting more when you've reached the last word on the last page. I cannot wait for Linger to come out!
B002ZBD9Q4|5.0|I jumped on the Alter Bridge bandwagon way too late, I regret not giving them a chance when they first came out! None of the clips for this album jumped out to me, but once I got to listen to them all the way through after purchasing, I was completely in love. Each band member are so talented at what they do and they make fantastic music. I'm stoked for the next album, so far they are 2 for 2! :) IF you're unsure, just buy it!!
B0031ZWZR2|4.0|Since I've heard that this great show is rumored to be cancelled, I've been searching for past episodes to review.  Fortunately, the last 5 are available for fans to watch on the network site.  But here's my beef, Season 1 consists of at least 22 episodes, starting with \\"No More Good Days\\" which aired on September 24, 2009 to \\"Future Shock\\" which aired on May 27, 2010.  If you're gonna package it to sale why not sale the entire season 1 complete with all episodes?  I was becoming quite a fan of this interesting and multi-ethnic series.  Now you're gonna try to take my hard-earned money and only give me 1/2.  Play fair so I will willingly give you my moolah, as opposed run and hide from your clever, slightly deceptive and greedy ways!  When I see an item and it's packaged and marketed to say Season 1, then I expect to get all of the season ONE episodes.  (in fairness, they did say Part 1) So I appreciate the reviewer who alerted customers to this.  Was it really necessary to have a part 1 and hopefully later part 2?  Be an informed buyer.  Season 1 of this engaging, interesting drama has 22 powerpacked episodes to choose from.  I'm not saying if you purchase it you won't enjoy it but at least know what you're missing.  That's my fan \\"rant\\" for now!  Hope they will reconsider letting this show stay on the air.
B002OMZTSU|5.0|This book was like having a great conversation with a dear friend. The author was always entertaining, pulled no punches, and very descriptive in his details. I have never been to Scotland...but I know what it looks like, feels like and smells like. More than a \\"Stand Up\\" comedian, he is a \\"Stand Up\\" man and America is now VERY LUCKY to call him one of our own.    One of my favorite parts of the book is right after his son his born, and Papa starts protecting his newborn. I think I shouted a \\"Yes\\" out loud with my fist in the air, over that passage.
B002RBZ13Q|5.0|I got the blue-ray version, and i enjoy every sec of it. Great picture quality & sound.
1906694176|5.0|Absolutely the best out of the trilogy, I was not disappointed in the least. A must read!
0307454541|2.0|I'm at a loss to explain the popularity of this book.  The prose (or the translation) is not stunning, the first sory line is predictable, the second, tedious, the characters are poorly developed; the central male character seems a shallow, unsympathetic person.  The work lacks humor or irony, or even suspense.  I read to the end hoping I'd find what so enthralls everyone.  I was disappointed.
B001ED7C58|5.0|One of the best soundtracks I have heard in a long time.  I never get sick of it and there is a song for every mood.  LOVE IT.  Track 9, Eyes on Fire is my favorite.
B001993Y2C|3.0|Of course I knew what I was buying when I got this complete collection.  However, the packaging for the Blu-ray discs isn't very good.  The way the discs fit into the boxes makes it possible for the discs to be easily scratched.<br /><br />I completely loved watching the series, and feel it holds up as one of the best programs in the last ten years.  I was a bit annoyed that the producer's commentary started every season, but I by-passed it because it wasn't interesting.
B0029O08WA|4.0|Love \\"Possibility\\" and \\"White Demon\\"...most songs are really good on this CD and I can listen to it over and over again!
0553381695|4.0|The power struggle game continued. The realm was practically in war and chaos. Four lords of the seven kingdoms declared themselves as king, and the princess in exile still searched her way to claim the throne back.     In this 2nd sequel, the wits matching and cunning political game among king's surrounding counselors were still there, but it wasn't as much as 1st sequel. The pace is somewhat slower than the 1st book. Chapters about northern part especially, were going on quite flat with no significant event until later part. The power struggle made more use of sorcery. The telling of sorceries world back ground on all lands took more pages than I liked.     But major characters still died; some forever, some turned out to be lies; another intrigue to win a war. I was still shocked with some turn of event, or tough choice of action made by the characters.     Questions in the 1st sequel got answered in this 2nd sequel, which is good for a closure. But 2nd sequel also created more moves, intrigues and the maturing-up process among lords, true heirs, royal bastards and lesser knights, like banner-men and commanders. Not to mention there were always-changing arranged-marriage plans between the royalty, to buy false power and loyalty. The game of power has expanded vastly to all directions in this 2nd sequel, with several more subplots and characters introduced and developed.     I know the 5th book has not been published yet, after the 4th in 2005. And many readers worried that this Song of Ice and Fire series, would become another Robert Jordan's Wheel of Time series that took more than 10 years to wrap up, and still going on. I am okay with long story. I have been enjoying the complexity of the power game in this series, apart from few chapters which was a drag. For me, an interesting story line and interesting development to each plot/character is what keeps me reading. I am now look forward to beginning the 3rd sequel.
8172237952|5.0|This is a story about how a chef is made. Hassan Haji details how his father was instrumental in bringing and developing an understanding of the Zen nature of food to Hassan. The narrator's father took the family from rags to riches in a story that uses food to serve as the colorful backdrop in every aspect of the narrator's childhood to manhood development.     The Haji family discovered that they could not hide from their destiny, and through a twist of fate, they found themselves moving from Mumbai, to London, to Lumiere a small town near the French Alps. The first half of the story centers on Hassan and his life experiences that taught him about trust, relationships, loyalty and of course, preparing and enjoying food. The second half of the story introduce the character Madame Mallory and discloses the process by which Hassan finds himself on the cusp of attaining his lifelong dreams. The narrator's father's entrepreneurial spirit is resurrected again and again to become the driving force in the new community they will call home. And the family becomes instrumental in bringing the scents and complex beautiful tastes of India to the people in their new community.    The story is one chronicling personal growth and describing the triumphs and sadness of the narrator and his family, the Haji's. Hassan's parents kept the faith in their religion and trusted that they would always be successful if they never gave up. The narrator shares many intimate details of his life and captivates the reader from the very first page. I'd recommend this book to anyone, any age and any faith. The language is so colorful, alive and uniquely descriptive. I felt as if I were right alongside the characters in the kitchens and open air markets at the stalls buying the freshest food in the entire world. The story is inspirational on many levels and it is a great book to read anytime.
B000B8QG0O|5.0|As it's less than a month away now from the \\"Toy Story 3\\" release date of June 18, 2010, I felt the need to write a few paragraphs on it's predecessor and my personal favorite to date of the \\"Toy Story\\" trilogy, \\"Toy Story 2\\".       My wife and I took our just turned 5 year old son to see \\"Toy Story 2\\" on Saturday November 27, 1999 during the Thanksgiving Day weekend, the movie had just opened to general release 3 days before.   We were at my mother's home for the Thanksgiving holiday, and this was THE movie to see.    All three of us loved the original \\"Toy Story\\" which we had on video, and my son especially, the prior Christmas he'd gotten a Buzz Lightyear action figure, Buzz's space ship with small Woody & Buzz figures that fit in the seats among other \\"Toy Story\\" merchandise.   Although it was pleasantly nostalgic to take my boy for the first time to the same theater where I had seen so many movies growing up, I was not expecting great things from this film, since usually sequels don't usually measure up to the originals.  I settled back in my seat to do my duty as a dad, and was expecting to get most of my enjoyment from the film by watching my kid's reactions and listen to him talking about it afterwards.     To say I made a misjudgment was would be an understatement to say the least; I was talking about it afterwards just as excitedly as my youngster was.   \\"Toy Story 2\\" surpassed the original \\"Toy Story\\" in plot, character development, new character introduction and musical score.   The whole premise is that this time Woody is the one that needs rescuing by Buzz. He is stolen by the buffoon of a villain, Al, owner of \\"Al's Toy Barn\\" who wants to sell him as a vintage collectable toy from a popular children's TV show of the 1950's along with his toy sidekicks Jessie the yodelin' cowgirl, Bullseye, his trusty steed, & Stinky Pete the prospector to a toy museum in Japan.   Buzz with his brave little band of toys, Mr. Potato Head, Slinky the dog, Hamm the piggybank and Rex the dinosaur, all well known from \\"Toy Story\\" set out on their odyssey to free Woody and bring him safely back to Andy their owner before he comes home from cowboy camp.   Meanwhile, Woody who is initially looking to escape Al's apartment is astonished and delighted to find he was the star of his own kids show, with a supporting cast of characters, and is now a collectible.   This soon goes to his head, coupled with his fears about Andy's tiring of him and discarding him, and his growing attachment to Jessie, Bullseye and Stinky Pete, lead Woody to seriously consider going to the toy museum in Japan, where he can be \\"immortal\\", always being seen and admired by children.  BUT, as Buzz sagely points out to him, he'll be behind glass NEVER to be played with or loved by a child again.  Will Woody go?    For young children, I think this sequel was lighter, funnier and less scary than the original. Al is a silly, bumbling bad guy, more funny than evil, as opposed to Sid the boy who served as a villain in the first, who cruelly mistreats his young sister's and his toys, getting a perverse pleasure out of turning them into bizarre mutants, and wants to blow up both Buzz and Woody for kicks.   He had the definite makings of a sociopath with his warped, sadistic tendencies.    Besides the well loved characters from the original all returning, there are endearing fun additions in Jessie, Bullseye, Mrs. Potato Head, Wheezy, Tour-Guide Barbie, 3 little green Space Aliens and a 2ND Buzz Lightyear!    The kids will have lots to laugh at, and experience a few thrills and surprises that will put them on the edge of their seats as well.  Bottom line, a terrific story, they will NOT be bored.     Still there is a complexity and depth that adults can appreciate.   Woody has very real fears that Andy will either tire of him, and reject him, or in any case ultimately grow up and outgrow him.   There is a heartbreaking vignette of just this when Jessie tells her story in thesong \\"When She Loved Me\\" sung with a piercing sweetness by Sarah McLachlan; she loved and was loved by a little girl named Emily, who grows into a teenager, forgets Jessie, and ultimately abandons her.  This was I think the most emotional and powerful part of the movie, the music, the golden haze that filters Jessie's memories of Emily and she, hit my tear ducts, as I'm sure it did many adults in the theatre.  I think I connected because I realized that although my wife and I were still the center of our little boy's universe, all too soon he would start growing away from us as he started to develop into his own person, a natural, inevitable part of life, but still not an easy one, it wasn't, and isn't at times over 10 years later!  How Woody dealt with his fears and came to terms with them was something to which I as a parent could empathize.    There are lighter moments as well such as an affectionate homage to the films \\"The Empire Strikes Back\\" and \\"Field of Dreams\\" which may go over most kid's heads, but will give adults a smile and a chuckle.     The actors all do sterling work voicing their characters; the returning Tom Hanks as Woody, Tim Allen as Buzz, Don Rickles as Mr. Potato Head, John Ratzenberger as Hamm were even better the second time around.   An added bonus was the inspired work of the new characters, Joan Cusack as Jessie, Kelsey Grammer as Stinky Pete, Estelle Harris as Mrs. Potato Head and Jodi Benson as Tour -Guide Barbie.   Ms. Cusack in particular brought a wellspring of feeling into the line \\"You never forget kids like Emily or Andy but they forget you.\\" that would melt even the iciest heart.     Besides the lovely, plaintive ballad \\"When She Loved Me\\", Randy Newman's classic theme song from \\"Toy Story\\", \\"You've Got a Friend in Me\\" gets a new spin with a snappy, big band version with Robert Goulet's booming baritone knocking it right out of the park!   There is also a catchy little Western ditty \\"Woody's Round Up\\", that is the theme song forhis TV show.   Those are the songs, but the instrumental music effectively enhances the story on the screen as well.         The bonus features on this 2 disc special addition are outstanding, starting with the commentary by director John Lassiter, writer Andrew Stanton, & others of the Pixar team that only adds to the pleasure of watching the film.   There is the \\"Making Toy Story 2\\", also the hilarious outtakes that were originally shown at the end of the film after the credits rolled, deleted scenes, and an all-new game called \\"Which Toy Are You?\\"       This film will always bring a smile to my face, even 10+ years later, because I will always remember the special first time I saw it back with my boy, and how thrilled he was the very next week when on a family vacation in Disney World he actually got to see Buzz and Woody in person!   Although he plays it cool now at nearly 16, & my wife and I will be seeing \\"Toy Story 3\\" by ourselves, I'm hoping deep down perhaps he just might feel the same way!
B002T45VX6|3.0|Let me start off by saying that I'm not the \\"typical\\" Shakira fan. I say this because I don't particularly listen to pop music. Primarily, I listen to Death Metal and old-school Gangsta Rap. Bands like Autopsy, Blood Freak, and Incantation. Rappers like Brotha Lynch Hung, Three Six Mafia (their old stuff), and Celly Cel.<br /><br />So why am I reviewing this album by Shakira, you ask?<br /><br />I was absolutely infatuated with her voice when I first heard some songs on Laundry Service. I purchased that album, and loved every song on it but 1. I appreciated the album because it came out in a time when mainstream pop was REALLY taking off, and it was nothing like it. Yes, it did have a few dance numbers on it, but it stood out as rather unique and coupled with Shakira's amazing voice. Laundry Service had a genuine feel to it in the sense that you could tell Shakira put her heart and soul into making it. There was a great mix of multi-cultural vibes, and often very well written lyrics.<br /><br />Listening to Laundry Service today in the car, I decided to stop by the music store and see what else she put out lately. I debated either purchasing Oral Fixation Vol. 2 or She Wolf. I opted to go with She Wolf because (to my knowledge) it's her newest album. I thought it would be a good purchase to compare from where she was in 2001's Laundry Service to today's album.<br /><br />I'm still not sure what to make of this. It seems like a lot of that \\"genuine\\" heart and soul is missing, and has been replaced by synth dance beats and even at times, *GASP*, an almost hip-hop vibe. I had to do a double take at times just to make sure I didn't accidently pick up a Lady Gaga album. That should say quite a bit in the sense that this album is very dance/club heavy in its production.<br /><br />The addition of a few rappers like Lil' Wayne and Kid Cudi is puzzling. They don't add anything to this album, and actually detract from what a talented singer like Shakira should be doing...SINGING. There's a few instances where Shakira almost sounds like she's trying to rap. I have a sneaky suspicion that the corporate influence has gotten to her with She Wolf.<br /><br />I haven't listened to this album that much since I just got it today, so I'm going to reserve final judgment at this point and give the album 3 stars. I'm just worried that a talent such as Shakira is going to continue to go down this road...we don't need anymore dance/club artists, especially when Shakira's original product was so great as it was! Summing this up, Shakira doesn't need a makeover...but I really feel like most music listeners are the ones that need the makeover if every legit talent needs to make club and dance tracks to be successful these days.Shakira almost sounds like she's trying to rap. I have a sneaky suspicion that the corporate influence has gotten to her with She Wolf.     I haven't listened to this album that much since I just got it today, so I'm going to reserve final judgment at this point and give the album 3 stars. I'm just worried that a talent such as Shakira is going to continue to go down this road...we don't need anymore dance/club artists, especially when Shakira's original product was so great as it was! Summing this up, Shakira doesn't need a makeover...but I really feel like most music listeners are the ones that need the makeover if every legit talent needs to make club and dance tracks to be successful these days.
B000I0RNV6|5.0|I just saw this film again for about the 5th time.Great films you can see over and over again, and each time a new revelation. I'm a first generation Italian American, and the 2nd time I saw this film it became autobiographical to me. My whole childhood was spread before me--vividly.My mother, my first love, etc. I identified with Toto.  A new revelation the 5th time: those censored film cuts the adult Toto views at the end are not just simply Alfredo's nostalgic and amusing gift, they represent the whole history of cinema in about 2 minutes. Toto recognized that as a filmmaker--you can see it in his face.   Jack Lemmon once said, \\"You can make them laugh, you can make them cry; if you can make them laugh AND cry, boy oh boy...\\" That's Cinema Paradiso.    As an added note, I just saw the Director's cut version, and I must say the film is the richer for it--the love scene in the car on the beach at the end with the adult Toto and Elena is one of the most moving and joyful I've ever seen.They found each other again, and you know Elena is destined to spend some time in Rome in the future--no matter what they say.Love conquers all.This is, of course, the real ending. And the nostalgia at the end with the film clips becomes just a postscript. Toto leaves, makes his mark, and comes back to find the girl. Alfredo would have been satisfied with that.The film editors should have ignored their watches.
B000OT8GCQ|2.0|This was the worse NS book I have ever read. It was a hole lot of blah. I was surprised that they made this into a movie. The lost song is much better and muc more worth your time.
0385737947|5.0|Hunger Games is a book of survival and triumph, as is this book.  The aspect of the maze was appealing (though I had hoped for more 'labrynth' type adventure), and the way that book one ended had you wondering exactly who the maze 'creators' were.  This book will be part of a trilogy, with the followup Scorch Trials to be released in October 2010.    One nice touch is that the book's main character is a teen boy.  It's sort of a flipside from Hunger Games' main character being a girl.  The romance is a secondary focus, much like HG. The story itself is about the struggle first, and the romance second.    If you like YA fantasy, sci-fi, dsytopian, survival, or even a touch of romance, this book will be right up your alley.
B000OYC7A8|5.0|I have every Pink Floyd and Roger Waters Video that have been released.  When I bought this DVD I didn't know what to expect...let me tell you, it blew me away.  First of all I don't have any Solo David Gilmoure CD's, so when he played the ENTIRE \\"On an Island\\" CD Live, I was Captivated even though I had never heard any of the songs (Of course I was thinking to myself, \\"Get back to the Pink Floyd\\").  Either way it was very \\"Floydish\\" and I'm sure after I watch it a few more times I will love those songs just as I do everything else that he/they have done.  Although Echoes was PHENOMINAL!!!!!  I didn't think it would be possible to do that song live, but they do it to the tee.  That alone is worth buying this Video.  I watched it 3 times in a row after the video ended.  WOW!!!!!!
0393072231|5.0|Excellent review of what caused the crash on wall street.  Not only double-dealing, triple-dealing and quads as well; reselling selling junk.
B00112ASYO|5.0|My son loves to feed this guy some of his raisins, his mouth is open just wide enough for it, though he can't be made to chew because of the material, it still looks both cool and cute.    As is expected, the attention to detail is excellent. You can't go wrong with Schleich... if you're willing to pay the price!
B003INBNXO|5.0|With all of the special effects going on in Hollywood right now, Ip Man returns to the core of Martial Arts. With very little wire work done throughout the movie, Donnie Yen once again establishes himself as a true master of the Martial Arts. As a longtime fan of this genre I can say with no uncertainty that Ip Man is one of the best, if not the best, movie to portray any Martial Art and most importantly provide a true interpretation of Wing Chun on the big screen. The fight sequences are beautifully choreographed by non other than Sammo Hung and are brought to life by the passion of the actors. Donnie Yen portrays Ip Man so well that it is almost as if he becomes the man himself. Ip Man is one movie that any fan of the Martial Arts genre should own, no excuses.
B0031RS894|5.0|The tenth doctor is without a companion here, but he is depicted well.  The characters are compelling enough and action is plentiful.  The Sontarans are well represented.  More than that I should not say for fear of spoilers.  Very much recommended.
0321344758|5.0|I'm really happy I bought this book -  it delivered much more than I expected. This book came highly recommended from several sources. I'm a novice designing the first web site for my business, using Wordpress - tried some designers and decided I needed to be able to experiment with look and content - designers were pretty rigid. This book covers a comprehensive set of topics related to how visitors use the site. It's very practical, easy to read, gives picture examples of \\"good\\" and \\"not good\\", gives guidelines that are easy for me to understand. It is simplifying the process for me and moving me several design iterations ahead of where I was before I got the book. It also gives me a good base of knowledge so I can benchmak other sides and so I could work more effectively with a designer in the future.
B001DUJNGS|5.0|Throughout the history of Enigma one thread that connects their work is the beauty of their soul transcending and inspiring the beauty of their hearts through the emotions in the lyrics and the rapture in the notes.    It is through the melodies which take one in a journey of discovery unfound in other musical works.  This work is intricate, full of incandescent passion, and radiates from within.....Let the door of heaven open inspired by the song, \\"La Puerta Del Cielo\\".  Music and words of poets,artists, musicians and writes have the power to create magic and this is what we have--an enchanted journey into the spirit of the universe.    My favorite song is \\"The Same Parents\\"--    We all had the same parents  many million years ago  why can't we live in freedom  without hunger, with no war...  At the beginning we all had  One mother, and one father  That's where we're descending from  I don't, I don't understand  why so much hate  Between races and religions  It's mad, insane  I don't understand  Why it has to be like that.    I was affected deeply by this song.  I think if we all worked together we could bring more love into the world and erase all the evil things and all the hate....i really believe is possible....    I am still trying to comprehend....why so much hate.....?
B00275EGX8|1.0|Not only is this film terribly overrated, but the production company is also using litigation to reclaim poor DVD sale profits. Classy.
0140219617|5.0|Nice introductory book on Architecture and the \\"Why\\" of their structure.  Book treats the reader as an intelligent guest and encourages him to understand the fundementals of structure.  An easy read and primer for those who want to continue further.
B0000C3I6U|5.0|In 1964 I graduated from the University of Conn and headed west to seek my fortune. I wound up in LA and wandered into Gold's Gym in Venice. While not a competative body builder, I did work out in the same gym as \\"Arnold\\" and many of the other weight lifters shown in the movie. The twenty fifth anniversary edition shows those same individuals as they are today.
B000TIO4Z0|5.0|I just bought the Complete Studio Recordings for just 50 Euro. It's great that such awesome music and such quality is available for such a low price. It's great, I reccomend it to all. Order this box and you will marvell!
0783225547|5.0|I Bought This Movie For My Mom's Birthday, As It Is Her Favorite. She Was Very Happy To Own It & Watched It Immediately. She Was Very Satisfied & That Made ME Very Happy. In Conclusion, A Great Transaction With A Great Seller. 10 Out Of 10.
0307588335|4.0|There are some really great things about A Collossal Failure of Common Sense, and some embarrassingly bad ones.  What's great about the book is McDonald's passionate belief in his own words, and the fact that he was NOT in charge at Lehman.  If you have been reading the major books coming out of this crisis eg. Too Big to Fail, House of Cards, The End of Wall Street, you are pretty used to reading the innermost thoughts of the top guys (emphasis on GUYS btw) or at least you are used to reading the self-serving comments they make about themselves and each other.  In fact I have wondered if the phrase \\"too big to fail,\\" shouldn't be applied to the men in charge of this disaster. Once you become a leader of one of these firms it is completely impossible to be fired.<br /><br />Larry McDonald was a trader on Lehman's Distressed Debt desk, which is probably the best thing about the book.  If you were going to point to the gloom sayers in any organization, the guys in distressed debt would be the first on your list.  McDonald's main point, which is that the rules of credit don't change and that bonds are debt, is the mantra of a \\"vulture\\" or distressed debt trader.  McDonald would probably be the first one to agree that a distressed debt trader who sees too much debt as a disaster waiting to happen, is just doing his job--not a genius.  Another thing that McDonald does, which is ridiculously overlooked in many Wall Street crisis books, is stress that the whole thing happened because there was this crazy faith that American housing prices could not go down.<br /><br />The Distressed Debt desk at Lehman was the logical counterpoint to the team handling mortgage backed securities, commercial mortgage backed securities, credit default swaps and other instruments bound to drive a distressed debt guy up the wall.  The most facinating part of McDonald's narrative describes the competition between these groups and the way that the distressed debt team, along with a few analysts saw the growing problem and tried, by sneaking behind management, to investigate the problem.  McDonald descibes a visit to a Lehman subsidiary in California where he and a colleague visited and went to bars to talk with the mortgage salesmen who were selling risky loans.  What's amazing is that not only did they have to keep their mission secret from the mortgage company, they also had to keep it secret from the mortgage backed trading team at Lehman, which would have been furious that anyone questioned their judgement.<br /><br />Another good thing about the book is McDonald's use of plain English.  He understands that calling debt \\"leverage\\" is a way of psychologically distancing yourself from the problem of owing too much money.  He states again and again that bonds are debt, not because the reader doesn't know, but because otherwise smart people often forget that basic fact.<br /><br />On the downside, McDonald's viewpoint is unfortunately as narrow as a trader's.  In the first few pages of the book he appears to blame the entire problem of bad mortgage underwriting on the Clinton Administration, forgetting that when bankers don't have to worry about loan defaults (because the mortgages are sold and packaged as mortgaged backed securities) you have a recipe for disaster regardless of what the government says.<br /><br />McDonald is absolutely maudalin about Lehman waxing on and on about its history and the courage of the traders and trading managers around him.  He's so inured to overblown Wall Street compensation that he doesn't see how ridiculous these packages are to others.  There is one point where an analyst, a young woman who, in just eight years,  has made enough money at Lehman to support herself and her family for the rest of her life, decides to leave because \\"if you aren't going to make money, what's the point of working?\\"  McDonald sadly agrees, sorry to see her go.<br /><br />The arrogance of this statement from an employee, who has risked no capital herself, and made a very hefty amount of money from her employer, boggles the mind, and reminded me of Warren Buffet's disgust when, after handing out  millions in bonuses at Salomon found that he was being treated like public enemy #1 because the traders felt that they were not being fairly compensated for what \\"they\\" had made for the firm.  Well, HELLO, they didn't make a dime for the firm.  They were employees who had the opportunity to help the firm make money--nothing more, nothing less.<br /><br />Lastly McDonald's overromanticism of Lehman and life on the desk has him using words like \\"courage,\\" over and over again.  In some circumstances there was courage here, and a lot of the time there was just nerve, and a lot of smarts.  McDonald feels that traders make money because of the huge responsibility they carry--but like so many traders and Wall Street people he has nothing to compare it to.<br /><br />Courage?  We have thousands of men and women serving in Afghanistan and Iraq right now and many make less in a year than a trader team spends having dinner at Nobu.  A 25 year old Marine squad leader, who may be trying to figure out who in a village is getting ready to blow up a school,  has an immense responsibility so far beyond that of a Wall Street trader that it can't be measured.  And, he is usually very happy to have enough deployment pay to buy a late model used car when he comes home.<br /><br />But there is a lot to be said for getting a \\"worm's eye view,\\" which is what McDonald says this is.  McDonald doesn't claim to know the big guys really well.  He tells you what it was like to be a trader in distressed debt at a firm that went under for very stupid reasons.  I'm glad I read it.ney from her employer, boggles the mind, and reminded me of Warren Buffet's disgust when, after handing out  millions in bonuses at Salomon found that he was being treated like public enemy #1 because the traders felt that they were not being fairly compensated for what \\"they\\" had made for the firm.  Well, HELLO, they didn't make a dime for the firm.  They were employees who had the opportunity to help the firm make money--nothing more, nothing less.      Lastly McDonald's overromanticism of Lehman and life on the desk has him using words like \\"courage,\\" over and over again.  In some circumstances there was courage here, and a lot of the time there was just nerve, and a lot of smarts.  McDonald feels that traders make money because of the huge responsibility they carry--but like so many traders and Wall Street people he has nothing to compare it to.    Courage?  We have thousands of men and women serving in Afghanistan and Iraq right now and many make less in a year than a trader team spends having dinner at Nobu.  A 25 year old Marine squad leader, who may be trying to figure out who in a village is getting ready to blow up a school,  has an immense responsibility so far beyond that of a Wall Street trader that it can't be measured.  And, he is usually very happy to have enough deployment pay to buy a late model used car when he comes home.      But there is a lot to be said for getting a \\"worm's eye view,\\" which is what McDonald says this is.  McDonald doesn't claim to know the big guys really well.  He tells you what it was like to be a trader in distressed debt at a firm that went under for very stupid reasons.  I'm glad I read it.
B0025KVLTM|5.0|Emancipated from the rigors of worldwide live performance, the Beatles appear to have left rock behind to create something completely different. Their passport of wealth and fame now permit them to incorporate the studio as a primary instrument for self expression. Sonically, this is a diverse and adventurous work. There's the sound of the Orient, English music hall, classical, Eastern Indian and even the circus. Out of this suite-like series of songs emerges a lyrical concept that loosely delineates the arc of daily society; childhood fantasy, necessity of friendship, teenage runaways, sexual liberation, maturing, philosophy, aging, boredom and tragedy. The Beatles have established a world where anything can belong.<br /><br />The title track and its reprise give this record a sense of community even with its darker undercurrents. Many of these cuts are peppered (couldn't resist) with isolation as a recurrent theme. Ringo's sincerity and optimism shine on \\"With A Little Help From My Friends\\". The harmony vocal from John on \\"She's Leaving Home\\" adds immensely to the anguish of the storyline, in which the parents in this narrative take a hard look at family life and the daughter experiences the freedom she's craved for so many years.<br /><br />Irony abounds here. Musically, Paul's and John's exuberant \\"Getting Better\\" is set in juxtaposition against their (or at least John's) mean-spirited past. I find myself drawn to the explosive brass and Ringo's drumming on John's doomed \\"Good Morning, Good Morning\\", diverting its despair. The whimsical sound of Paul's \\"When I'm 64\\" belies its stunningly scary words. And on the mournfully ironic classic \\"A Day In The Life\\", John's chillingly alienated vocal make this the album's most disarming cut. Even with death comes his spirituality with the line \\"I'd Love to Turn You On\\". This is turning you on to what's real in the world. And if only studio experimentation can make all this possible, it's still rock to me.
B002H3F7F6|1.0|I love Sting. I don't understand what the heck he's trying to do with his voice. It sounds like he's parodying a medieval crooner with those ridiculously exaggerated vowooools. I gave the CD to Salvation Army and erased this album from my music player, sad that it couldn't stay in my library alongside his other, and greater, albums.
B003K3OF78|2.0|This album was a major disappointment. The tracks have found their way to the very bottom of my playlist and may never be played again. I still love Keane for his earlier music, just not as much anymore.
B003CIG7AE|4.0|I've been following the music these guys have released for a while now, and have enjoyed every moment of it! In fact, Infinite Arms was number one on my list of album releases in 2010. Have I been let down....Absolutely Not!    Now, the first question everyone asks is, \\"How does Infinite Arms compare to the first two albums?\\" My response....what does it matter. The first two albums were great (and still are), this album is fantastic, it's different, sure, but that's what i was hoping for, a progression, and a growth, something new from the guys.    One thing that differs a little on this album is the acoustic tracks, the instrument is much more prevalent on this album, especially on the second half of the album. Now, one thing to point out on this album (in my opinion) there arn't as many jump out tracks, like on \\"Cease to Begin\\". \\"Infinite Arms\\" works better as a whole, and there in lies the charm. It's more the type of record that you put on from start to finish, as opposed to skipping around. It's a mood piece, and an enjoyable one at that!    What's so refreshing about Band of Horses is that you can always rely on them to put together an album that actually makes you feel good. My gosh is that rare these days!! I'm not claiming to listen to only uplifting music, but it's nice to hear some once in a while. Most of what sells these days is lyrically depressing and self-loathing. That's not the case with Infinite Arms, or the other two albums for that matter.    These guys write feel good stuff, with such increadibly catchy compostions and lyrics. Try not tapping your foot and singing along to to the songs \\"Compliments\\" and \\"Laredo\\".       Thank You Band of Horses for creating an album that's a true pleasure to listen to time and time again!! Can't wait to hear from you again!
B001AIO43A|5.0|I'm very happy with my purchase, The book arrived in very good condition and came at the appropriate time.  Thank you for doing such a good job with my book order.
1423113381|5.0|My 10 year old daughter could not put this book down.  She read it in just a few days.  She loved the Percy Jackson series and can't wait for more of this series.
B003DTMLKM|5.0|Celine at her best! Can't say enough about this DVD...you must get this if you are a Celine fan!   The label for the Concert and Documentary are switched. Anyone else have this error?
B000RPTQ1C|4.0|I had lost touch with Coldplay's recent works but when they decided to visit the city I decided to give it a shot. Their live performance was really good, but this review is not about that. How that is relevant is because they gave a live version of their album to all attendees and I started listening to songs from this album. I did not really like them when I listened to them a about two times. But slowly the songs started growing on me and I listened to the whole album over and over again for a long time during my office commute. I bought the MP3 album from here and have really enjoyed each song on the album since. Recommended!  [[ASIN:B000RPTQ1C Viva La Vida]]
0307463745|1.0|This book appears to have been written for fanboys of the Signal vs Noise blog. It's essentially page after page of poorly written blog posts that can be summed up as \\"we disagree with everyone who's actually studied building a business\\".<br /><br />There's never any substantiation as to why their ideas are the right ideas in this brave new world.<br /><br />Example idea: \\"In the old world you bought advertising, now you write a blog\\" .. wow .. great. Got any proof that that works for anyone who doesn't already have a successful blog? Not in the book. And not even in the experience of the authors.<br /><br />If you're a fan, you'll probably love it (after all, all the good reviews here talk about the blog and the authors like they know them). Otherwise, give it a miss. Spend your money elsewhere.
B002GYS1FO|4.0|I was first attracted to this band because of the Kia commercial.  The beat of that song along made me want it. The CD was surprisingly good and I play it to get my blood pumping in the morning.  I recommend it to anyone.
B0002OERI0|5.0|I am beyond sick and tired of hearing trolls accusing a band for the most nonsensical reasons, the most obvious being \\"selling out\\". Reading these \\"comments\\", all I can say is that not only do they not know what \\"selling out\\" means but their in ability to spell and create an intelligent argument blatantly shows their ignorance. For many years, Green Day has suffered the brunt of all these Neanderthals that couldn't play guitar, even if they were pasted to a textbook written by Clapton or Beck.<br /><br />Why are Green Day considered sellouts? Well here are the reasons:<br /><br />#1: Green Day is successful, they made albums that went sold millions. Therefore, they are not one of us.<br /><br />After reading such a sentence, it's little wonder why Green Day is not one of you. Just because a band is making money or selling millions of copies does not mean they sold out. Led Zeppelin rarely released singles and yet more than two of their albums have gotten Diamond in the USA. The Beatles sold hundreds of millions of copies worldwide and they are considered artists. If we criticize a band like Green Day for selling albums, then we ought to do the same to these bands and THAT would be ridiculous.<br /><br />In fact, any rock band's greatest dream would be make albums that millions will adore and purchase. With the amount of money they make, the band can be allowed to take chances, which Green Day did with NIMROD and WARNING after the success of DOOKIE and INSOMNIAC. Speaking of taking chances...<br /><br />#2: Green Day has rejected the roots of punk rock and embrace new types of music, including pop, folk and even progressive rock. They are not punk rock because of this.<br /><br />What is wrong with Green Day trying to expand their musical vocabulary? It shows that bands like this are more ambitious and serious about their craft than many of their lazy contemporaries. In the case of AMERICAN IDIOT, Green Day look to The Who, Husker Du, Queen, Dead Kennedys, the Jam, The Clash and even Meat Loaf to create, to the horror of punk fans everywhere, a concept album. Oh my God, run to the hills!!!!<br /><br />The fact is many bands that fail to grow out of their roots and expand their sound often become redundant and their music less memorable. That's why Green Day don't wanna sound like \\"punk\\". Not only they do not want to pigeonholed to one genre but they want to try a new style, to prove that they have greater depth than critics suggest. That shows imagination, not indulgence; creativity, not laziness.<br /><br />I just love how these \\"alt. rock\\" acolytes slam groups like Green Day for incorporating different sound to their punk roots but they don't criticize their heroes like The Clash, Sonic Youth and R.E.M. for doing the same thing. The Clash used R&B, jazz, reggae, ska, rockabilly and gospel for their music. Why are they not criticized? Sonic Youth dared to include actual melodies in SISTER and DAYDREAM NATION. And after they made guitar pop useful for the underground audiences, R.E.M. made a collection of folk songs in AUTOMATIC FOR THE PEOPLE. Why are THEY not considered sellouts?<br /><br />I'll tell you why: because these people are too ignorant to realize that it is pointless to lambaste one band for daring to try something adventurous when their contemporaries have done it too. Common logic says an idea to embrace new sound or try to add something new to their music deserves applause rather than condemnation but God forbid they just accept a group's desire to achieve something original.<br /><br />And finally, #3 Green Day releases singles, which is totally unwarranted to the underground. Releasing singles is equivalent to selling out to the man.<br /><br />Going back to #1, it seems that the greatest sin that Green Day has committed, according to these so-called \\"underground audiences\\" is that they are trying to appeal to the masses. But what's worse, according to them, is that they release singles, which is like a kiss to death to your credibility. Corporate rockers sell singles, not \\"punk rock\\" bands.<br /><br />Well, releasing singles may be a kiss to death to their \\"credibility\\" but these singles are the kingdom of commercial glory and that is why AMERICAN IDIOT has sold 5 million copies in the US and why Green Day are more musically literate than their critics. People need to understand that the best way for albums to sell is for the band to put out accessible singles to get the public to buy the album just for them. Green Day releases singles not to appease the musical establishment but to attract new fans and to get them to relate to their sentiments about the world. Like it's outrageous in getting the public to listen to your songs and getting to relate to you?<br /><br />If Green Day is a sellout for selling singles, then so are the Beatles, the Rolling Stones, the Kinks, the Clash, the Who, Guns N' Roses, AC/DC, Ozzy Osbourne, Nirvana, Pearl Jam, Oasis, Radiohead, the Sex Pistols, Queen, U2, R.E.M., Michael Jackson, Prince, Bruce Springsteen, Bob Seger, Jackson Browne, Bob Dylan, Def Leppard, Van Halen, Heart, Lynyrd Skynyrd and hundreds of other artists who have released singles to sell records. Think of what you said: any band that sell singles is a sellout and all the bands I just mentioned have sold singles. Just thought I should bring that to mind.<br /><br />Now, FINALLY, after all that ranting, onto the album...<br /><br />AMERICAN IDIOT is a brilliant, sprawling concept album that recalls the finest moments of other terrific, messy rock operas such as QUADROPHENIA, THE WALL and ZEN ARCADE and like those albums, AMERICAN IDIOT can be appreciated as either a collection of strong rock songs and as a coherent vision of a turbulent society (in this case, Bush-era America). This album also serves as the culmination of the pop-rock direction that Green Day started in NIMROD and greatly improved in the excellent, underrated WARNING.<br /><br />The opening title track, with its thunderous guitar riffs, slamming drums and Armstrong calling out to \\"Idiot America\\" and not being a part of a \\"redneck agenda\\", sets the mood but not the sound, in which from there, the group goes all over the place. This album is cascaded with mini-Queen operas (\\"Jesus of Suburbia\\", \\"Homecoming\\"), Clash-eseque anthems (\\"Are We the Waiting\\"), acoustic ballads (\\"Boulevard of Broken Dreams\\", \\"Wake Me Up When September Ends\\"), full-throttle punk rock (\\"She's a Rebel\\", \\"Letterbomb\\") and melodic pop-rockers (\\"Holiday\\", \\"Extraordinary Girl\\", \\"Give Me Novacaine\\").<br /><br />By any band's hands, this album would have fallen in its face but the tightness, chemistry and ambitions of Green Day bring it together, resulting in a record that is fiery, melodic and enjoyable to listen to. It is a splendid, multi-layered work that shows the maturity of Green Day as a band and Armstrong as a gifted songwriter coming to their own. Along with WARNING, it is their richest and most rewarding album ever released and I recommend ANYBODY (not just punk fans) to pick this up and give it a chance. Any prejudice towards this band ought to be thrown out the window. Just shut up, listen to the album and enjoy.Well, releasing singles may be a kiss to death to their \\"credibility\\" but these singles are the kingdom of commercial glory and that is why AMERICAN IDIOT has sold 5 million copies in the US and why Green Day are more musically literate than their critics. People need to understand that the best way for albums to sell is for the band to put out accessible singles to get the public to buy the album just for them. Green Day releases singles not to appease the musical establishment but to attract new fans and to get them to relate to their sentiments about the world. Like it's outrageous in getting the public to listen to your songs and getting to relate to you?     If Green Day is a sellout for selling singles, then so are the Beatles, the Rolling Stones, the Kinks, the Clash, the Who, Guns N' Roses, AC/DC, Ozzy Osbourne, Nirvana, Pearl Jam, Oasis, Radiohead, the Sex Pistols, Queen, U2, R.E.M., Michael Jackson, Prince, Bruce Springsteen, Bob Seger, Jackson Browne, Bob Dylan, Def Leppard, Van Halen, Heart, Lynyrd Skynyrd and hundreds of other artists who have released singles to sell records. Think of what you said: any band that sell singles is a sellout and all the bands I just mentioned have sold singles. Just thought I should bring that to mind.    Now, FINALLY, after all that ranting, onto the album...    AMERICAN IDIOT is a brilliant, sprawling concept album that recalls the finest moments of other terrific, messy rock operas such as QUADROPHENIA, THE WALL and ZEN ARCADE and like those albums, AMERICAN IDIOT can be appreciated as either a collection of strong rock songs and as a coherent vision of a turbulent society (in this case, Bush-era America). This album also serves as the culmination of the pop-rock direction that Green Day started in NIMROD and greatly improved in the excellent, underrated WARNING.     The opening title track, with its thunderous guitar riffs, slamming drums and Armstrong calling out to \\"Idiot America\\" and not being a part of a \\"redneck agenda\\", sets the mood but not the sound, in which from there, the group goes all over the place. This album is cascaded with mini-Queen operas (\\"Jesus of Suburbia\\", \\"Homecoming\\"), Clash-eseque anthems (\\"Are We the Waiting\\"), acoustic ballads (\\"Boulevard of Broken Dreams\\", \\"Wake Me Up When September Ends\\"), full-throttle punk rock (\\"She's a Rebel\\", \\"Letterbomb\\") and melodic pop-rockers (\\"Holiday\\", \\"Extraordinary Girl\\", \\"Give Me Novacaine\\").     By any band's hands, this album would have fallen in its face but the tightness, chemistry and ambitions of Green Day bring it together, resulting in a record that is fiery, melodic and enjoyable to listen to. It is a splendid, multi-layered work that shows the maturity of Green Day as a band and Armstrong as a gifted songwriter coming to their own. Along with WARNING, it is their richest and most rewarding album ever released and I recommend ANYBODY (not just punk fans) to pick this up and give it a chance. Any prejudice towards this band ought to be thrown out the window. Just shut up, listen to the album and enjoy.
B002VPE1B6|5.0|I like the fact that the combo came with both disc! I can watch it on my Bluray player on my TV and somebody else can watch it on my other TV with the Standard DVD player
B0039TD826|5.0|An extraordinary, ambitious and erratic double-album encompassing blues, country, R&B, gospel, soul and rock n' roll, Exile on Main St. received some of the most bonehead reviews in music history when it was initially released. It is now rightly considered as one of the finest and most interesting rock albums ever made, by a group largely regarded---and, in my opinion, rightfully---as the greatest rock band of all time, the Rolling Stones.<br /><br />One of the reasons that the album was not warmly received is that it is a very impenetrable record. Its murky production, ragged surfaces and lack of major hits a la \\"Brown Sugar\\" make it a very challenging CD to sit through, even for Stones advocates. Lenny Kaye, writing for the Rolling Stone, a magazine whose reviews have proven more dated than this album, complained that \\"There are songs that are better, there are songs that are worse, and others you'll probably lift the needle for when the time is due.\\" He concluded that \\"the great Stones album of this mature period has yet to come\\", failing to realize that it was already here.<br /><br />Another reason for the temporary lack of praise at the time was that it is a very bleak and despairing album, even more so than Let It Bleed and Sticky Fingers. References to heroin and drug addiction abound everywhere, from \\"Rocks Off\\", which refers to a heroin injection, to \\"Loving Cup\\", a piano-laden rocker dealing with alcoholism, to \\"Shine a Light\\",  a beautiful gospel-fused ballad about Brian Jones' worsening drug abuse that led to his demise. Its darkness and pessimism is only enhanced by the chaos that happened during the production of the album in France: guitarist Keith Richards' substance abuse reached an apex when his heroin addiction became a daily routine, disrupting the sessions and preventing him from attending such. Bassist Bill Wyman loathed working in Richards' villa and sat out many French sessions. Eventually, virtually all members of the band started to indulge in drugs, making sessions more problematic.<br /><br />Like some of the finest, most challenging rock albums out there, Exile gets better on each listen, its dense sound yielding rewards underneath the dreary surfaces. Many songs use the weariness to its advantage, each song sounding good at first listen but becoming stronger upon repeated listening. Richards and Taylor's guitars and Jagger's voices are buried in the mix, making it a must for many listeners to find them and react towards them. Yet, the quality of each song is so staggeringly good that it becomes less difficult than it seems. As a result, each time one discovers Exile for the third or fifteenth time, they discover something new.<br /><br />There are an endless foray of masterpieces in the making in Exile, from the rip-roaring \\"Rocks Off\\" and sleazy rockers \\"Shake Your Hips\\", \\"Casino Boogie\\" and \\"All Down the Line\\" to the lumbering \\"Tumbling Dice\\" and Keith Richards' sole contribution \\"Happy\\". The country songs (\\"Sweet Virginia\\", \\"Torn and Frayed\\", \\"Sweet Black Angel\\") is livelier and more complex than anything the Stones have done before in that genre, with the exception of \\"Wild Horses\\" and \\"Dead Flowers\\". And \\"Let It Loose\\" is probably the band's successful stab at gospel.<br /><br />The Rolling Stones followed Exile with Goats Head Soup, an album that was as cluttered, swirling and drippy as Exile was dense, complex and brisk. But even after a string of masterpieces like Some Girls and Tattoo You, they never made an album as arresting, fascinating and as invigorating as this. No other artists have at this point. Concluding the greatest streak in rock n' roll history (Aftermath, Between the Buttons, Their Satanic Majesties' Request, Beggars' Banquet, Let It Bleed, Sticky Fingers, Exile on Main St.), Exile remains one of the great tour de force in rock, one that became a standard of not only for the Rolling Stones but many artists that dared to imitate and copy its sprawling sound but few have surpassed.
B000GRUMPU|5.0|This film has excellent special effects and an excellent cast.  It's fun to watch and at times makes one's heart race.
B000AJIF4E|1.0|I got these headphones with the assumption that they are professional grade and would last me long in addition to having better audio quality. But after a few months of moderate use the left speaker stopped working!!!<br />While I had them with both channels working, they were comfortable to use with sound output a notch above most. But the recent failure has left me with a bad taste in my mouth. Not worth the $$ I spent on this product
0788815490|5.0|Helena Bonham Carter is outstanding as she makes this film work with interesting tones and twists.  The scenery is beautiful and the passion is hot.
B0000TG9E2|5.0|This movie I bought for my granddaughters birthday and all I can say it was a very big hit.
B0039TD7PY|5.0|awesome after all these years; live; real; and,. songwriting and performing does not get better
0385006896|5.0|Book itself: 5 stars  This edition: 4.75 stars    I love this book in every way. I do have a few gripes with this edition itself, and I'll list those below.    - The edition itself feels... fragile - It isn't going to fall apart or anything but it just feels too big :)  - I don't like the color scheme on the front  - The dust jacket is like all other dust jackets: annoying.    The book itself, however is revolutionary and exceptional in every way. If you haven't read it yet you need to.    Total: 5 stars. Don't let my gripes stop you from buying this edition: it's the best out there.
B000002O5L|4.0|Tom Petty may not be too well known in the UK, but on this showing many people are missing some great music.  First off, Free Fallin', it's a sure fire winner and then I Won't Back Down, it's a double knockout.  Tom has a zest for life which he puts into all his music and, of course, he can play a bit too.  When it comes to appreciating The Byrds few people are more upfront than Tom and Feel A Whole Lot Better is simply a wonderful Byrds tribute.  The rest is not bad either and I also recommend Roger McGuinn's 1991 Back From Rio where Tom provides able assistance, basically making it Roger's best solo recording!
0375842209|5.0|No way is this merely Young Adult fiction  ...  in fact, our book club had the best discussion ever.  One becomes fascinated by the characters and comes to appreciate Death. The author says so much in a mere three or four words ...  descriptions and use of colors need to be spoken aloud. The plot is mentioned in other reviews so I only will say it is simple, yet complex.  Stories within the story touch the soul, and The Book Thief is now one of my favorite novels ever.
B00382S9V4|5.0|A classic movie remade!  And it is even better in blu ray.  For Pierce Brosnan fans this is a must have.  He and Rene Russo are amazing.  You have to see it!
0307269752|3.0|Problems:<br /><br />Translation awkward at times, resulting in some occasional head-scratching. Example at start of Ch. 9: \\"B. kept reading until the small hours and did not get up until late on Epiphany Day. A navy blue, late-model Volvo was parked outside Vanger's house. Even as he reached for the door handle, the door was opened by a man on his way out. They almost collided. The man seemed to be in a hurry.\\" I kept trying to visualize this, but was confused as to how B., in opening the Volvo's door, wouldn't have seen the man getting out of the very same car. Ohhhh (after several close readings) ... he reached for the door handle to Vanger's *house.*<br /><br />Slow start to the book. It had been highly recommended by a friend, so I stalwartly plodded through the pages until, fortunately, interesting things began to emerge. But jeez, the explanation of B.'s nickname, for example, was interminable.<br /><br />Although B. and others experienced commendable ethical angst re: what to do with the big reveal on the really Bad Thing, there was zero ethical angst over Salander's hacking. I guess the ends justifies the means.<br /><br />The truth re: Harriet was rather predictable, but that would have been OK if the author hadn't exacerbated this with some clumsy knot-tying after B. solves that mystery.<br /><br />I liked:<br /><br />This new (to me) revelation of Sweden as a country that has sins just as banal and dark as any other country. Heretofore, I had a more romanticized view of that country.<br /><br />Thoughtful discussion on the role of financial journalism. This book came out in the U.S. in 2009; given our almost tabloidesque financial \\"analyses\\" on TV (with Warren Buffett as a favorite celebrity oracle), I wonder if there was *any* impact from this book on our own shore. Doesn't seem so. I liked the author's distinction between a healthy economy and the stock market.<br /><br />Salander was a unique character, and I enjoyed it whenever she was \\"on.\\"<br /><br />The ending, although abrupt, satisfied.<br /><br />Bottom line: Entertaining read.Entertaining read.
B00371QQ34|5.0|This movie is OUTSTANDING in blu ray.  For anyone who liked the movie, this is a must for the collection!
B0025KVLV0|3.0|\\"Let it Be\\" is quite far from the best Beatles album.  There are two versions of this album out there.  This version, from 1970, presents the Beatles through Phil Specter's eyes, and frankly, that is something I can do without.  A string quartet on \\"The Long And Winding Road\\" and \\"Let it Be,\\" edited vocals on \\"Dig a Pony,\\" I mean seriously, that's criminal.  If the Beatles themselves had done the overdubs, that would be one thing, but to leave their work in the hands of someone else just to watch it get ruined, I think that's wrong.  The Beatles began \\"Let it Be\\" as an attempt to get back to their roots, which did not include an outsider's helping hand.  I will say, however, that some of the cuts from the rooftop gig were nice to hear, albeit some of them in slightly edited form.    Sadly, the other version of this album that is available, which is \\"Let it Be Naked,\\" isn't much better.  The songs are cleaned up (i.e., none of Specter's overdubs are present), but the songs that needed cleaning up had been released before in various other projects, thus making it useless to those already owning the previous releases.  I personally believe the ultimate \\"Let it Be\\" album is a compromise between the 1970 and 2003 versions of the album.  One thing I do like that Specter did was the inclusion of dialogue bits at the beginning and end of some songs.  That is missing from \\"Let it Be Naked.\\"      In short, these are 12 good songs, and though Specter ruined a few of them, this album is still worth owning.  \\"Let it Be Naked\\" might be worth checking out for some, even though it too falls short of being the ultimate.  As I said, the ultimate is somewhere in between, so get them both and then you make the call.
B000003TAR|4.0|No one who listened to \\"In Utero\\" when it was first released could deny that Kurt Cobain had entirely abandoned the quiescent/aggressive dynamic that partially informed his songwriting, but the general consensus was that he had attempted to make a significant effort to distance himself from the blueprint that admitted influence Black Francis of the Pixies had first laid down. Suggestive itself by its very title as a process of gestation, \\"In Utero\\" was Cobain's effort at forming a musical identity that matched the DIY ethic that he felt he had abandoned after the success of \\"Nevermind\\", Nirvana's sophomore release. Steve Albini, Cobain's pick to record the CD, was chosen as the midwife based on both his credentials as both an elder statesman of the post-punk movement and his uncompromising approach to recording, capturing a raw, angular, and often aggressively-paced sound that bleeds the \\"moist\\", expansive quality right out of the master tape, especially with regard to the recording of drum and guitar.     \\"Serve the Servants\\", the opening track, opens with the a dry sound of heavy distortion and of course IS nothing but raw, angular, and aggressive. Albini doesn't produce; he records, and even the abrasive quality he helped the band to capture can't erase the underlying melody of this track or others he recorded. \\"Scentless Apprentice\\"'s cyclical riff sounds as if were being churned from a beltsander rather than a guitar; \\"Frances Farmer Will have Her Revenge on Seattle\\", the most conventionally recorded song that can be definitively attributed to Albini's stint on \\"In Utero\\", is still surly and abrasive in presentation; \\"Milk It\\" and \\"Very Ape\\" contain an immediacy and urgency that Butch Vig would never have elected to coax onto a recording, with \\"Radio Friendly Unit Shifter\\" and \\"Tourette's\\" both utterly uncompromising, ear-assaulting songs that, consciously or not, stand in solidarity with perspectives on the state of \\"modern rock\\" that Albini had shared frequently in the past.    Steve Albini's recognizable mixing (or at least the ones I feel sufficiently able to identify as sounding most like what could be \\"typical Albini recording\\", if a universal type could actually be said to exist)seem to be limited to the songs above. Cobain was internally and externally pressured into bringing two producers on board to \\"clean up\\" the rest of \\"In Utero\\", in order to make it at least a moderately radio-friendly release; Bob Ludwig ratcheted up the bass sound, and Scott Litt, REM's producer, famously gave makeovers to \\"Heart-Shaped Box\\" and \\"All Apologies\\". I'm pretty sure the uncharacteristically melodic \\"Pennyroyal Tea\\" remained untouched from Albini's recording , but I believe \\"Dumb\\" was also sanitized.    Nevertheless this is, in many places, an intense listening experience. After buying a copy in September of '93 I played it incessantly for months, although I have to admit that I tended to focus on the tracks adhering most closely to Albini's recording values. I found myself having to replace that worn-out copy last year. It's finally somewhat tragic to me that Cobain perceived himself to be a sell-out, as \\"Bleach\\", their first release, took the heavy distortion from hard rock, jettisoned the masturbatory guitar solos and replaced the odes of self-triumph with pithy, observational lyrics that sounded relevant, hungry, and alive, integrating it with the sometimes frenetic pace of a late '80's post-punk rhythm section, or the down-shifting, deliberative momentum patented by the Melvins, blending into something that was more than \\"REM with a fuzzbox\\".
B0011Z5IUK|1.0|They are now forcing you to use their crappy \\"Amazon MP3 Download software\\"  It doesn't work on my computer, so now I 1) don't have my music, 2) am out the cost of the album, 3) find out they won't let you buy the album any other way for some silly reason.<br /><br />Try a different website.
B00275EGX8|1.0|This movie really isn't worth the money to watch. It was way over hyped and got a pity Oscar because it was an embarrassment that a woman had never won best director. If you buy this then you will be sorry you did, guaranteed.
B001PB3RU8|4.0|... the baby would be Florence and the Machine! 'Lungs' is great amalgam of angst and beauty.
B00006I53S|5.0|The Canon EF 28-135mm lens is a really good all around lens.  It focuses very quickly, accurately, and almost without any noise.  It is sharp enough to make enlargements as large as my printer (Canon Pixma Pro9000 Mark II) can handle.  And I mean sharp even with the lens wide open.<br /><br />The lens stabilizer works well.  I can get sharp pictures with this lens set to the extreme of 135mm for 1/30 of a second.<br /><br />Looking very carefully I can see no vignetting, but I'm using a 1.6 crop Canon XSi body.  A full frame sensor might reveal some problem here.  I don't know and it doesn't matter to me.  I can't afford better than Rebel bodies with the x1.6 crop factor.<br /><br />UPDATE 8/3/12<br /><br />The tendency for the lens to drift to full telephoto, when walking and using the wrist strap, has stopped.  Now I have to set it that way, and I do.  I get close enough faster to photo opportunities by doing this.  No matter where the focal length zoom is when I put the camera to my eye, I have to adjust the zoom and compose.  I mention this for those who don't like the zoom drifting so they will know that it probably will stop doing that with use.<br /><br />Another thing I've learned about this lens:  It is recognized by my recently purchased Canon T2i camera body and an electronic system acts to correct for lens aberrations for this lens and several other lenses.  Zoom lenses are difficult to make and some compromises in terms of distortions are usually made.  That this could even be done greatly impresses me.<br /><br />I should also mention that my Canon 18MP T2i camera body makes this lens' performance almost as perfect as one of those renowned L-series.
0061743526|5.0|TKaM is a classic and it was nice to see the 50th edition in its originally-designed book jacket.  If you've never read this book, there is no better time than the present.  Harper Lee's story is timeless, and her message of tolerance and compassion for all is just as clear today as it was 50 years ago.    The book was delivered the same day of its release.
B001AIRUP4|5.0|This movie deserved a great blu-ray release and that it exactly what it got. The picture and sound quality are amazing and the movie is a memorable one. It is a Tim Burton classic so it has his eccentric style to it. If you're a fan of the movie, this is a MUST OWN version. Get it quick, rumor is its going back into the vault soon!
B001OQCV6K|2.0|After watching Jeremy Britt for years the movie just didn\\"t get it done for me
B001OQCV6K|2.0|Very disappointed, not much of a story and couldn't understand Downey's accent, had to use the closed caption.
0312944926|5.0|Great Book...Kept me wanting to read more!  If you like mysteries...this book is for you!
B002RVZV9K|1.0|If Jimmy Page, the \\"Edge,\\" and Jack White all linked arms and jumped off the Empire State Bldg, which one would hit the ground first?  Who cares?  And now \\"they're doing a DVD\\" on these three sort of following each other around?
B0019HQIFE|5.0|If you are a John Mayer fan, you have to buy this Bluray. Awesome songs on this concert Bluray. He sounds unbelievable live. Picture Quality is superb. Sound quality on my home system is unreal. Very crisp. For reference I am using a 55inch LG LED, Yamaha 5.2 Receiver, Definitive Tech LRC inwalls, and rears. I am using a Definitive Tech SuperCube II 1250 watt sub. PS3 as my player.  I crank this up to a few notches below max and it sounds so good, no cracking, popping, hissing, etc. I reccomend this if you like Bluray quality concerts.
B002QGUFWE|4.0|I will be honest. I didn't think much of Lady GaGa when she first hit the music scene. I thought 'Just Dance' was catchy but that was it. To me, the Lady was just another pop tart with a decent enough voice emerging on the scene, singing about drinking and partying and not much else. But as she became increasingly present in the tabloids, what drew my attention was her attire. I thought everything she donned transformed her into a walking sculpture. So I became interested in her. Clever marketing? Perhaps, but it worked on me. So, as we all do in this modern age, I Youtubed her. And this was where the intense shock hit me. I watched her perform 'Speechless' on Ellen, 'Pokerface' (acoustic) in Japan and 'Captivated' (when she was still known as Stefani). Not only did this girl have a voice, she could play a mean piano and she writes all her songs.    The difference between GaGa and other pop stars out there is that she has the talent, technique and substance of a serious musician. She just doesn't need to flaunt it. She unashamedly celebrates superficiality, money and fame, all the while dancing and partying the night away, with - and this is the point most people don't seem to get about the Lady - tongue placed firmly in cheek.     While her debut album has got some good songs, it has yet to convince me completely. But it does showcase her versatilty, shifting from straight-up pop (Paparazzi, Summerboy) to electro-pop (Pokerface, LoveGame) to R&B, funk-laced pop (Starstruck, Paper Gangsta) and disco (Disco Heaven). And she does it very well. And it makes for fun and often funny listening.     But 'The Fame Monster' is something entirely different. While still packaged in pop sensibilities, there is something darker, edgier and all the more captivating about the 8 new songs. 'Bad Romance' celebrates the dark side of human nature, that even for all one's 'horror' and 'disease', love will encompass, accept and swallow it all. Perfect imagery: \\"I want your leather studded kiss in the sand\\". In 'Monster', she sings about how lust can render you completely submissive to someone, the imagery of someone tearing out her heart and eating it making the song both horrifying and captivating, like a slasher flick. In 'Speechless' she shows us she can sing a ballad with the best of them. What a voice it is! She is forceful, pleading, heartbroken and raw. But the best comes in the last two songs. 'So Happy I Could Die' is an infectiously catchy song where the Lady talks about masturbation and vanity to get her \\"through all the tears and all the lies\\". And finally, with an unrelenting, almost brutally tribal beat, GaGa screams and pleads and demands us to show her our 'Teeth'.     The album does, however, lose one star for censoring.     Lady GaGa once said in an interview she is not yet a complete artist, that she is still finding her voice. But if these 8 new songs are anything to go by, she is evolving in the right direction. She is the Madonna of our age (except infinitely more talented musically, vocally and stylistically), extending the reaches of pop culture into the general psyche and redefining pop.
0307269752|2.0|OK, so I haven't read all 1000+ reviews, but I did see quite a few readers disparaging the frequent descriptions of mundane activities.  I just figured that's the pace of life on a small, out-of-the-way island in Sweden.  I think it's reasonable to include grocery shopping, reading the paper, eating a sandwich if that's all your character is doing for fun.  No wonder the dalliance with the next door neighbor.  Plus, the cigarette count gives you an idea of how stressed he is at any given time.<br />On the other hand, why did he never take up the coffee shop owner's offer to chat?  Probably could have figured out a little bit about dungeons and family resemblances from the local gossip.  Or did I just miss that part (started skimming at page 400)?
B0000024YL|5.0|The CD is great - shipped very quickly and was in perfect condition. Thank you.
B0039TD7PY|1.0|No sense commenting on the material itself; how could anyone possibly go wrong purchasing a CD of two of the greatest songwriters performing some of their all-time greatest recordings?  Not likely, right?  Think again.  Even great material can be botched up, as is the case here, when the recording was engineered (mixed) by totally incompetent bozos.  (My dog could have done better.)    When I first heard about the then soon-to-be released \\"Live at the Troubadour\\" CD, all I say was... wow!!...this has got to be too good to be true.  Well it was.  Oh sure, like I said, the material was great (James Taylor and Carole King.  Come on...), but the sound quality totally sucked.  Very bad!!  Highly irritating is more like it.  I cannot believe two icons like Taylor and King, who profess to be perfectionists in their craft, would give their stamp of approval on such a horribly recorded CD as this.  The two of them have either lost, or are losing, their hearing.      Although I run a law firm, I am a long-time, very well seasoned audiophile and musician (guitar and keyboard).  My stereo system includes some of the very finest audio gear available anywhere in the world (you will not find this kind of audio gear at Best-Buy, or stores like Best-Buy).  All tracks on \\"Live at the Troubadour\\" exhibited a very edgy, over-bright, irritating sound quality that reminded me of my sister running her fingernails down a chalkboard... or a bunch of pots and pans falling to the kitchen floor.  It was that bad.  The stereo image (sound stage) was very, very poor... most likely due to poor microphone placement, and/or even worse yet, very poor recording engineering.  Unfortunately, the bad engineering robs each of the recordings on this CD of the kind of nuances... the flesh and bone, if you will... that allow listeners to suspend belief, if only for that moment in time, and transport them to the recording venue (in this case, the live performance).    And I love live recordings; unfortunately, \\"Live at the Troubadour\\" is without question the absolute worst live recording I have ever experienced.  It's obvious to me that those responsible for the making of this CD were far more focused on getting their wares to market than in the quality of those wares.  How unfortunate.    Anyway, I couldn't wait to get up and yank the CD from my CD player and take it and the packaging it came with directly to the \\"circular file.\\"  From there, I could care less where the thing ends up.      Since I was in the mood for a live recording, I got out Diana Krall's fairly new CD, \\"Live in Paris.\\"  Ahhh... yes.  Much better.     I cannot blame Amazon.com, as they are only a reseller of goods.  I do, however, feel that I have been completely ripped off by the makers and producers of this horribly recorded CD.  And for anyone wanting the songs on this CD, you would be far better served purchasing any of Taylor or King's older CDs that contain the same songs.    Good luck...
B001TH16DS|3.0|The new features are great but I do miss the pilot episode \\"The Cage\\" that was included on the dvd set and the commentary by Gene Rodenberry I wish had been included on the Blue Ray but over all worth it.
B0036SQZ2K|5.0|I'm surprised by the number of low ratings.  It's not the mindless blockbuster full of breasts and explosions that many people might be looking for.  Instead it's a brilliant, hilarious, sociopolitical commentary - and the best movie to come along in a long, long time.
B003EYVXYQ|1.0|In my opinion, Dawn of the Dead was the best Romero zombie flick, followed by Night of the Living Dean and Day of the Dead. His last effort, Diary of the Dead was awful and this one, Survival of the Dead is even worse. The first time I watched it I was tired so I watched it a second time today and it was even worse the second time around. The CGI effects were embarrassingly bad. He should have called back the special effects team from Dawn of the Dead, as most of those special effects looked fantastic. The plot is bad, the writing is bad and the acting is amateurish. Stick with Dawn of the Dead, as this movie truly is bad. Land of the Dead was also much better than this drivel.
B002UEW31I|4.0|I rented this movie thinking I would be watching two hours of a blood-soaked revenge fantasy (like Kill Bill).  What I watched instead was a surprisingly artful film that tells me Tarantino is not yet out of creative ideas.  Sure, there were two or three scenes of some pretty graphic violence, but the use of violence in the movie is not gratuitous.  As some other reviewers have pointed out, this movie is not really about the \\"nazi-killers\\" led by Brad Pitt.  Brad Pitt is hardly in this movie.  In fact, Mélanie Laurent does some fine acting throughout the movie, but I must say that Christoph Waltz displays true mastery of the craft (for which he won an Oscar).  You could do a lot worse in the category of Oscar winners and nominees.
0321647440|5.0|Love this book and DVD.  Very detailed and simple to follow.  Learning things within Aperture 3 that I probably would have never discovered on my own.
B0039ZF8D2|5.0|Can I just say that this album (excuse me) CD is phenomenal collaboration. I was excited to see that NAS was coming out with a new release, but then to see that he and another one of favorite artist Damian Marley did a collabo... I couldn't have asked for more!  Great ALBUM !!
0525423842|5.0|Well-done John Grisham.  Clever story line with humorous characters.  Good use of technology in today's society.  There are many students as curious and dedicated as Theo looking for world's to explore.  Students will enjoy reading this book as well as adults.
B001C4AFOY|5.0|Prince Albert is one of the Great Men of history -    this movie is beautiful, moving and its portrayal of young, true love is believable and can make an older person feel again what it felt like to be young and truly in love -    it's a shame it didn't do well in theatres - and it would have been great to see on a big screen - but it's wonderful to have seen it at all -
B00275EGWY|1.0|I would describe this attempt at a movie as a documentary, overly embellished, and without interesting voice-overs. I just kept waiting for something of substance to happen, and kept waiting, and that moment never came. I felt like I might learn something, but it's just about as dull in most points, as it is over-the-top in others, following the standard cliche of \\"rules are meant to be broken.\\" The Academy cut off its nose to spite its face by giving this an award over the banal Cameron movie.
0812973992|4.0|Colum McCann is a brilliant writer able to understand and present many different cultures. The book is a snapshot of New York in 1974 revealing people from many different social and economic backgrounds. There is a common thread between all the people who are leading very different lives. Their stories are told with great compassion and insight.
1416960953|5.0|My son really enjoyed reading this book. He was so excited to get it in the mail. It even came earlier than planned.
0307454541|1.0|Others on here have done a much better job than I could of pointing out the numerous problems with this book.  But still I feel the need to weigh in-I have never been as annoyed with a book as I have with \\"The Girl With The Dragon Tattoo\\".<br /><br />Slow, doesn't know what it wants to be be, ridiculous plot twist and overly long.  The heroine-Lisbeth Salander-is potentially a wonderful character that is tragically underdeveloped in this book.  Outside of her psyche, which is poorly developed, her actions are given short shrift.  Example: she cracks a world-wide drug, money laundering and child exploitation ring by spending 3 straight days on the computer.  Ummmm...OK.  How?  And she falls for the hero in a manner completely out of character-but then again all women appear powerless against our hero.  Why?<br /><br />Tortured translations (\\"a scoop in the oven\\"?), underdeveloped characters and plot despite droning on for 600 pages...How did this book get so much acclaim?
1596912863|5.0|What a charming darling book. Where can I find my own Pembrook Park? Seriously, to live the Austen-life for three weeks, what a dream!! I couldn't put this book down once I started to read. A cute interesting twist at the end that I wasn't expecting. I enjoyed every bit of this book. Great job Shannon Hale!
B00000JLWW|1.0|...as some others looking to please immature customers (mostly females pretending to be part of the human species) should have been banned from movies industry for believing that thing going by the name of di caprio (since there's nothing capital about him, its name shouldn't deserve any capital either) was an actor. And, since 40 years earlier there was \\"A Night to Remember\\", he should not have demonstrated that his earlier 'successes' were only flukes. Since I didn't hear Mr Cameron died of shame, I don't think he even knows the meaning of the word \\"Pride\\", and why should he have more 'self-respect' than 'customer/viewer-respect'???? He may have a bigger bank account than me. but there is sure no reason to brag about it (lucky that money has no smell)!!!
B0029LHX1W|2.0|First off I did the audio version of this book, which may matter for some.     Child 44 is described as the hunt for a child serial murder in Stalinist Russia. The writing is very good, very descriptive, and there's plenty of emotion. However half way through it I realized that this story had been told before. The original story, as so many have pointed out, is that of Andrei Chikatilo, perhaps Russia's most notorious murder. Child 44 appears to have been ripped off of the movie Citizen X, which was an excellent telling of the Chikatilo story. For some strange reason Mr. Smith took Citizen X, went back in time many years to the Stalin era, and wrapped it with a lot of irrelevant, fictional background. You don't really get into the story until a 1/3 into the book, and if you've seen Citizen X then you know the rest of Child 44 - which is a huge disappointment. Mr. Smith could have made this a much better book by creating a new serial killer, using the same dogmatically incompetent Soviet judicial system. Instead he stole someone elses story, threw in a bunch of irrelevant crap, only to end with a huge let down.     Skip this and watch the movie Citizen X or read the nonfiction book \\"Comrade Chikatilo\\".
B003BZXI6E|5.0|Music lovers:  Wow, what a performance! The world dose not get a chance to see Barbara very often any more. When she dose a show it is impossible to get tickets. This is a very personal show in a small club. It is very clear that many of her professional and personal freinds attended this show.In A class of her own she delivers  breath taking versions of many of our favorites! I think if you are a fan of singers with a superstar level quality you will fall in love with this video. I only wish it was a longer show.
0971407614|5.0|The first paragraph of the book sums up what you can aspire to with this program: \\"...I do not train movie stars, television celebrities, models, or other personalities whose livelihoods hinge on being fit. I train those whose lives do.\\"  Yet--don't be intimidated. Whether you are totally out of shape, an athlete, or something in between, this book can work for you. Read on!<br /><br />I've spent a fair amount of time in well-equipped gyms, and have at my home a Bowflex Ultimate, a set of free weights, and a good weight bench and accessories, which I have used with some regularity. I got this book because I'm on the road a lot with my work. I wanted some exercises I could do in my hotel room, and as well to get a few exercises to supplement my gym equipment.<br /><br />I got a whole lot more than that. This book has 111 exercises that will work every muscle you knew you had, as well as many you were never aware of. These exercises can completely replace gym equipment, and then some. For every exercise, ways are shown to step it up or down, depending on your fitness level. And I mean, WAY UP--or equally, WAY down--so that there's truly something for everyone. The exercises are broken down into 4 10-week programs: basic, first class, master class, and chief class. How you perform these exercises varies from work-out to workout by varying the way that the repetitions are done, so that for different weeks, you are developing either muscular endurance, strength, or power. That might sound more complicated than it is: just follow the program. At the upper levels, there are exercises that I can only dream of doing right now.<br /><br />In the gym, equipment is usually designed to isolate certain muscle groups so you can concentrate on them. That's good for bulk, but what about overall fitness? Mark Lauren spends a chapter defining overall fitness--a combination of muscular strength, power, muscular endurance, cardiovascular endurance, speed, co-ordination, balance, and flexibility. What I quickly discovered is that many bodyweight exercises are much more challenging than gym equipment. At first, some exercises felt awkward. I quickly found the weak links in my chain. Gym equipment had not taught my body co-ordination and balance. These exercises do. So I have had to take it slowly. I do what I can, and push myself a little further each workout. The awkwardness fades quickly. These exercises are not to be under-estimated; you will have no trouble whatsoever in bringing yourself to exhaustion, achieving that \\"burning\\" feeling--and waking up the next morning with a few aches in places that you previously did not know existed!<br /><br />I feel the progress, workout to workout. The core exercises are great--an area I had been neglecting. My back feels better and my posture has improved. In the arms and legs, changes are obvious. Overall, I have a sense of increased strength and well-being. Feeling better is all the motivation I need to stick with the program.<br /><br />There are many ways you can use the exercises in this book. You can go with the program, for example, and that's likely to take you the farthest. Personally, I've abandoned all fantasies, at 51 years of age, that I'm going to be an Olympic athlete or a Navy Seal! I have a busy schedule, and I travel a lot. Nonetheless, it's easy to find some time in my day or after work to do SOMETHING, on a daily basis. Something that for at least one muscle group, builds me up, and makes me more flexible and coordinated. There are things you can even do sitting in a vehicle or airplane, watching TV on the sofa, lying in bed (a great exercise mat, by the way!) or on breaks at the office. On weekends, I'll do more. I've had this book for well over a year, and though I don't open it much, I've stuck with doing a core set of exercises on a regular basis. That says a lot.<br /><br />The first several chapters have very good information on nutrition, and practical suggestions for improving your diet (the right foods, eating in vs. out, and keeping junk out of your pantry). There's a great discussion on why it is important to add muscle mass. Muscle mass burns calories, even while at rest--a LOT of calories. Once you have it, you burn more calories outside of your workout than you do during your workout. Adding muscle mass also means that you have to be ready to push yourself to muscle failure during a workout--where you can't do another rep. Yet, Mark Lauren also balances this fact with a discussion on not over-doing it: your muscles also need time to recover and build themselves back up, so a day or two of rest between working on a particular muscle is necessary. While you will be aching at first, you will see progress, workout to workout.<br /><br />I'll probably sell the Bowflex. The only thing preventing me from doing so is guilt: I feel like I'd be ripping off the buyer. I could be recommending an inexpensive book that will do a better job for a lot less!and keeping junk out of your pantry). There's a great discussion on why it is important to add muscle mass. Muscle mass burns calories, even while at rest--a LOT of calories. Once you have it, you burn more calories outside of your workout than you do during your workout. Adding muscle mass also means that you have to be ready to push yourself to muscle failure during a workout--where you can't do another rep. Yet, Mark Lauren also balances this fact with a discussion on not over-doing it: your muscles also need time to recover and build themselves back up, so a day or two of rest between working on a particular muscle is necessary. While you will be aching at first, you will see progress, workout to workout.    I'll probably sell the Bowflex. The only thing preventing me from doing so is guilt: I feel like I'd be ripping off the buyer. I could be recommending an inexpensive book that will do a better job for a lot less!
B001AVCFK6|4.0|Movie goers:  I am not a Trekie. I have enjoyed the series here and there but I have never followed it in detail.  I say this film at my sister's house and I had to buy it! It is an action movie with some good acting also, which is not always the case in action movies. There is story build up but not too much to get boring. Then the action is done with quality and continues the story line for the viewer paying attention. I think if you like action movies this will be a good choice. If you like story movies and have a friend watching who likes action you will also enjoy it. Watch and prosper.
044654146X|5.0|An eye-opening and enlightening perspective of the cultural characteristics that have enabled the nation of Israel to not only survive, but to thrive; both in its physical environment and in the world economy. The book is a quick read, and imparts a lot of historical background as well as explanations and examples of Israeli successes as a nation, and through contributions from individual citizens.    The authors take you through the challenges that Israel has faced and continues to address for its survival. They describe the pivotal role of the military in the formation and evolution of its culture and molding of its leaders. The book suggests that the casual attitudes, heavy individual responsibilities, and open-minded approaches fostered in the military service has produced the individuals who  spawned the proliferation of innovative technological and business endeavors making Israel now a major and pervasive player in the world economy.     In reading this book, you begin to better understand how many of the social and institutional mores and practices in the United States can actually be barriers to nurturing innovation and start-up initiatives and businesses. It also makes you aware of how the incessant threats to the security of Israel, and its dependence on its citizens' wits and determination for its survival, may provide an opportunity for the rest of the world to see a successful paradigm for future innovation and business.
B002VPE1B6|5.0|I didn't have the opportunity to see this in the theaters when it first came out, but it was well worth the wait. Excellent entertainment. It will become a classic.
B001HN694K|3.0|Tim Burton is a master of visuals; usually, he's a master storyteller, too.  And you'd think he would be the perfect fit to bring Lewis Carroll's psychedelic little novel to life.  And, if Burton and company had stuck to the novels, perhaps they would have a great film on their hands.  Alas, this film takes place AFTER Alice's initial visit to Wonderland.  Instead of the prepubescent charmer (borderline nymph) that inspired Carroll to tell his tale, we get a decidedly more mature Alice (no subtlety here).  She's come back to Wonderland, except the Mad Hatter (a minor character in the novels, a major player here) is the only one who's really sure.  But the Red Queen doesn't care if Alice is or isn't THE Alice.  Off with her head anyways!<br /><br />True, the visuals are amazing; I only saw it in 2D, and I was blown away.  But the rest of the film falls amazingly flat.  Even Johnny Depp, perhaps the most talented actor of his generation, doesn't seem to know what to do--to make the Hatter whimsical or serious?  (And what's with the break dancing?)  Mia Wasikowska proves she's got talent, but she doesn't have much to do here in the titular role.  We get some decent voice acting from Michael Sheen, and some genuinely fantastic voice acting from Stephen Fry as the Cheshire Cat (his performance alone, small as it is, is worth the ticket price).  Christopher Lee has one line (no kidding: one), and Anne Hathaway and Helena Bonham Carter, both amazingly talented actresses, are stuck in a rut here, never able to break free of their confines.  Crispin Glover, good as he usually is, just doesn't come off as too villainous; and Alan Rickman, as the Blue Caterpillar, is merely here for show; he's better than this and he knows it.<br /><br />Overall, ALICE IN WONDERLAND serves as a decent family film--kids won't care that the performances and stories lag, and parents will probably be enthralled with the visuals.  But for those of us craving a decent take on the book--well, there's always the old cartoon, still one of my personal faves.  Here's hoping the next Tim Burton/Johnny Depp collaboration will be more noteworthy, like their prior efforts.cartoon, still one of my personal faves.  Here's hoping the next Tim Burton/Johnny Depp collaboration will be more noteworthy, like their prior efforts.
1595825045|5.0|This book is HUGE! Lot's of great content, along with interesting information from the creators of the show.  If you are a fan artist this is a double bonus as it has alot of sketches and crib-sheets within it.  Very interesting to read and great to introduce people to the show.  Highly recommended.
0385528752|5.0|I am very skeptical of self-help books in general, but after I saw this book reviewed in the Wall Street Journal, I thought I'd take a look.  I find this book to be positive, pragmatic, and realistic about how to make changes in your organization and in your life.  The examples are informative and relevant. I would definitely recommend this book to managers in organizations as well as individuals who are looking for a researched and organized guide for change.
B003CIG7AE|3.0|When Band of Horses first burst onto the \\"indie rock\\" scene in 2006 with the song \\"The Funeral\\" and the album that spawned that single, Everything All the Time, they became instant indie gods.  The reverb drenched vocals and haunting tunes kept this listener rapt from start to finish.  They would go on to show that they aren't a one-trick pony with 2007's Cease To Begin by keeping the things that made the first album great and adding a couple of uptempo rockers.  Now, with Infinite Arms, the band leaves the Sub Pop label for the corporate trappings of the major label Columbia Records (not that Sub Pop doesn't have some of the same corporate crap running through their sewer system).  The end result is something appealing, but much less satisfying than the first two albums.  The only songs that really sound like the band are \\"On My Way Back Home\\", \\"Infinite Arms\\", \\"For Annabelle\\", and(sort-of) \\"Neighbor\\"...all, slow, meandering and incidentally, the best on the album. The main problem with the album for me, seems to be the lack of enthusiasm and passion in the music, poor songcraft and trite, overblown lyrics.  In \\"Laredo\\", Bridwell actually sings the words, \\"I'm at a crossroads with myself\\".  I don't think there's anyone on Earth who could sing that line and not sound like an idiot.  Lines like \\"Later, I was thinkin' it over at the snack machine. I thought about you and a candy bar\\" in the album's opener, \\"Factory\\" aren't going to get Bridwell into the songwriting hall of fame either...not to mention the horrible \\"La, La, La, La's\\" in \\"Blue Beard\\".  Much of the song structure, too, strays far from the Americana/Indie Folk the band was playing on most of the first two records. \\"Older\\" has a country twinge to it, but somehow still feels like the Beach Boys doing country...and Blue Beard sounds like Brian Wilson could have written it.  Don't get me wrong, I love the Beach Boys, but if I want to listen to them,I'll go grab my copy of Pet Sounds.    Overall, the album isn't bad, but definitely not on par with their first two albums.  It's lacking something...call it passion or whatever you want, but lacking it is. The only problem is that, with the exception of \\"Evening Kitchen\\", Infinite Arms is catchy as hell.  You can complain all you want about an albums flaws, but at the end of the day, if you can't seem to take it out of your CD player, I suppose the band has accomplished their mission.    3.5 Stars
1597801585|5.0|As a cyberpunk fan and author, I am truly envious of Bacigalupi's writing skills. His mastery of prose and his ability to convey complex histories, ideas, and descriptions was completely immersive and mesmerizing. But more than just being a milieu story with vapid plot and characters as most cyberpunk is, Bacigalupi also folds in complex characters and an intriguing political plot that drives the story to a fulfilling climax.    As for the theme and content, I'm still pondering it every free moment my mind has. His dystopian future is a very real worst case scenario as the result of the over consumption being practiced today.     Literature like this encourages us to keep our shoulder to the grindstone, making the sacrifices and innovations that will keep Mr. Bacigalupi's future in the fiction category and not the headlines.     Kirk Outerbridge  Author of Eternity Falls
044656740X|4.0|This is just one among the books I really keep in my shelf..after reading it, i go back and browse it for reference.  it gives you an insight how have you been dealing with your finances and attitude towards it. I love it! I don't know a thing or two about finances really, it's just about getting money from my parents and spending it,and now im like, wow..this is amazing!
B002WCLG3O|5.0|Much better then I expected. I rented it for the kids but ended up buying it on Blue Ray after watching it.
0316017922|1.0|If you asked people to define what an \\"outlier\\" is, most people would say, someone who succeeds because they think differently. Why? Because Malcom Gladwell's book, the \\"Outliers\\" is a painful read. It is my opinion, that the success of \\"Tipping Point\\", led a lot of people like me to buy the book \\"Outliers\\", only to put it down well before reading more than a few chapters.<br /><br />Gladwell, \\"buries the lead\\", to use a negative newspaper term, in \\"Outliers\\". An Outlier is not a person. An Outlier is a piece of data from a sample that has the most causal effect. The book is a theory of how such data helps predict success. It is a story of pre-determinism vs. the more common mythology of self-determination.
B001GAPC1K|5.0|Great movie to own on Blu-Ray. Love the pop-up in film menu. Great graphics. Def worth it.
0385341008|5.0|For me, this book started slowly, but I quickly got into the style of a whole book of letters.  The book is about  existing and evolving relationships among people--a somewhat isolated community on Guernsey and some more sophisticated people from England, France, Germany.  There is tragedy, comedy, pathos, irony and much more, extraordinary descriptions of people and place that drew me in as a reader wanting to know more.<br /><br />It is also a story about the indomitability of an occupied people during a war---WWII in this case---and the growth of the primary character.<br /><br />I loved this book.
B002WMIFY2|5.0|In \\"Wheels,\\" Artie leaves the background and comes to the foreground. He performs a solo of \\"Dancing with Myself\\" in which his crush on another Glee member is revealed, as well as his loneliness. Mr. Shue watches and is inspired to have other Glee members roll a mile in Artie's chair. Even Sue shows emotional growth in this episode. The characters are getting richer, more noble-- a dramadey of the first order. I love this show.
B00007GZR5|3.0|I bought this film because the story was originally written by Richard Matheson who also wrote the story which lead up to the Somewhere In Time\\" film. I found the film somewhat hard to follow at times and feel it is simply not in the same league as \\"Somewhere in Time\\", my favorite film of all time!
B002QGSW8I|1.0|There is a plot afoot in this novel and it is insidious.  The plot is to get you to believe in the blurb enough to buy the book.  Sadly, Rollins (or his intern or whomever actually puts all these \\"ideas\\" into a readable format relies too heavily on the formulaic and the cliched.  When every chapter is written as a breath-taking cliffhanger, when every set of dialogues is so predictable, when every alleged plot-twist is telegraphed from miles away, when the very writing and rhetoric itself is riddled with so many cliches -- the adventure sinks to the bathetic \\"doodlings\\" of an adolescent video game author.<br /><br />In the beginning, Rollins' books were slapdash, but entertaining.  There were a few unexpected twists and treacheries; no longer so.  Like Dan Brown's and Dean Koontz's, this is factory-wrought prose of the \\"cheaper, faster\\" variety melded sloppily with character behavior that is not so much \\"expected\\" as it is \\"re-hashed\\" without flavor or depth.  Motivation is reduced to absurdity.  Rollins has always tailored his \\"adventure\\" stories to a lower common denominator reading public, but this sinks the travesty to a new level of \\"take the money and run\\" novelism.  If you can taste the bitter grief of a reader seeing a former entertainer not simply stumble but plunge willingly into the abyss of sheer commercialism, then you can grasp the point of my review.  Sic transit gloria, James Rollins...I shall not read nor buy another.
B0013N3DSE|5.0|What a treat to see one of my favorite movies much as it must have been seen back when it was first released!  The level of detail is astonishing, but seemingly without any artificial edge enhancement...... and the color....... oh my, it's some of the most beautiful color I've seen in an older film...... bold and beautiful without being overly saturated. Also, the sound is wonderfully clean and clear!<br /><br />If you're a fan of this film, I'm sure you will enjoy this excellent transfer.
1439102813|4.0|For someone like myself that has not been personally touched by Alzheimers, the book was an eye opener to the struggles of those with the disease and the impact on their friends and family.  It takes you through the ordinary tasks that soon become extraordinary as the disease progresses.
031606792X|5.0|I didn't want to put it down.  Stephenie Meyer has a way of writing that draws you into the story.  One of the best series of books I have ever read.
193413712X|1.0|This will be a short review.I slogged through this book continually hoping that the plotline would start, at some point, to be developed more strongly, unemcumbered by the author's admittedly strong descriptive powers. Never happened. Methinks the Pulitzer Committee was boonswoggled and made a poor choice. Books have to say something and make it clear what they're saying. This one, alas, doesn't, hence my rating of 1. But I did learn a lot about the innerworkings of clocks!
B000AMJC2K|5.0|Installed it out of the box with little need for directions as I used the under desk clamp that is the default. Looks great and moves in most directions. The only compaint is the little clear plastic cord holders do not work that well, but didn't matter to me. Definately a high quality product.
B0000549B2|5.0|This is also my favorite Spike Lee movie. The ending is the best I have ever seen in any movie. The last few minutes (when the Coltrane music begins) were worth the admission, a movie onto itself. I will never forget it. So brilliant, and so beautiful...down to the last few seconds... a perfect \\"The end\\".  - Mike
B001FB563E|5.0|I wont go into details so not to spoil it for those who haven't seen it. Though dark this is a great story of a father & son's struggles and their fight to survive. I hope the world never comes to this, can you imagine? Great acting by Viggo. Highly recommended, though not for kids.
B00081MUY0|4.0|Donovan is one of my lifelong idols, but I consider this to be the least successful album of the first part of his career. Perhaps \\"successful\\" is a wrong word, since it succeeds fully in its intent. Let me just say it the way I see it then: it's somewhat boring. This may be simply because I was spoiled:  by a fortuitous accident, I was first introduced to the UK version of the album, which is substantially more exciting, as it includes no less than 5 songs from what would eventually become the album \\"Mellow Yellow,\\" and at least two of these five are absolute masterpieces: there is The Observation, Writer in the Sun, Hampstead Incident, Sand and Foam, and Young Girl Blues. By now, you're probably familiar with Donovan's contractual problems at the time (if you aren't, the liner notes will explain the legal mishmash for you), responsible for this discrepancy, and, of course, if UK had prevailed, there would be no Mellow Yellow album such as it is. Be that as it may, that richer version of Sunshine Superman made later listening to the US version unsatisfactory: the songs themselves are fine, but overall, the album is too even-tempoed, and selections such as Ferris Wheel and The Fat Angel (now that the \\"insider\\" feeling concerning Jefferson Airplane, Mama Cass, sitars and drugs is long behind us) just drone on sleepily.  Additionally, I am disappointed that no effort was put, in the process of remastering, into reproducing the songs in stereo. Many remasters of the seminal works from the sixties, which were short by CD standards, have provided complete albums in mono and stereo (see Pet Sounds), and, judging by the superb stereo version of Sunshine Superman here, it would have well been worth it. The mono Superman now sounds jumbled together and the onslaught of combined instrumentation on the dainty studio equipment of the time is heard in continuous \\"frying-pan\\" effect. The stereo version is as clear as a running brook (or pick your own metaphor).   What saves the album from a mere three stars and elevates it to four (four and-a-half, really), are the bonus tracks, which have been a consistent delight on the Mickie Most remasters (see my glowing reviews of Mellow Yellow and Hurdy Gurdy Man). There is the abovementioned Sunshine Superman in stereo, a version of Museum that takes the rocking path akin to The Trip, rather than the cool jazz approach it took on Mellow Yellow, and this rock version is so good that I am sure to listen to it until I've heard it as often as I've heard the jazzy version, over the years. Similarly, we have here the first of three versions of Superlungs - a song that is fascinating not so much for basic composition, which is very simple, but for the explorations it lent itself to: it's as if Donovan had used it merely to try styles and effects on it. Here we have a dense, warm rocker; the second and third versions were to become a sort of acid jazz combined with rhythm-and-blues, many years ahead of its time, and an electric rock, respectively. The first two are my preference.  The rest of the bonus tracks are the Donovan you recognize with the first three notes: the \\"standard\\" Donovan, which, in this case, it the highest compliment I can think of. The solo House of Jansch demo at the end is, once again, a sort of a seal of highest quality: listening to Donovan with just his acoustic guitar, stripped of fancy trappings, strings, harpsichords, what have you, reminds one that he wasn't simply a part of a stylistic sum total that appealed because it was psychedelic, or dropped famous names, or protested for a cause, and so forth: no, he was not just a part, he was the core. The songs and the ideas he brought to the table were peerless and could easily stand alone. Now that I've heard a lot of Don's best-known songs in their naked guises (across three albums-worth of bonus tracks), I wonder if he wouldn't have had lesser chart success but been given greater credit as a true artist had he presented the songsthat way, without Cameron's lovely but occasionally cheesy arrangements. Comparisons he had to endure with other artists -- we'll name no names -- were blatantly stupid: oranges and apples. Donovan needs no comparison, he is unique in his field. In fact, he created this particular field. There is no music quite like his.
B000UBMWG4|5.0|So, yeah, in case the review title didn't make it clear enough, I love this movie.  How can a collaboration between Ridley Scott, Harrison Ford, Vangelis, Syd Mead, and Douglas Trumbull not be awesome?  The casting, acting, screenplay, music, and visual effects - especially the visual effects - are beyond compare in every way, and the atmosphere is miles ahead of anything else.    That said, of the seven (!) official edits of the movie, none of them truly do it justice.  The Workprint has great pacing and some plot-critical lines (\\"Hello, Roy,\\" and \\"Pris or Zhora.\\") that are missing from other versions, but is rather noticeably unfinished.  The Final Cut has the advantage of complete digital restoration and some goof correction, but it moves too quickly (yes, I said too quickly - watch the Workprint if you want to see heavy, deliberate pacing done right) and has Scott's awful, revisionist, mood-killing \\"unicorn dream\\".  The less said about the theatrical version, the better.    Thankfully, though, it's now possible to experience the strengths of all of these versions, and more, in crystal-clear HD resolution, along with loads of extra features and some great packaging.  (And, if you have the means, you can edit together your own cut with your favorite elements from each.)  After more than 25 years, Blade Runner has finally gotten the treatment that it deserves - and, believe me, it deserves quite a lot.  What are you waiting for?  BUY THIS RIGHT NOW!    (By the way, this movie is NOT cyberpunk.  People who call it cyberpunk don't know what cyberpunk actually is.  Also, the replicants are synthetic humans, not robots.  It's like the difference between Number Six and Data.)
B0019LY5IM|4.0|I went back and watched Season 5 straight through,and it helped me follow along a lot better than just watching 1 episode per week. Loved the final season as well, and can't wait for it to be released.
B000002AHM|4.0|There is little beauty in this CD; that is not to say there is none, but it comprises only a small portion of the total.<br /><br />The technical virtuosity of the three players is jaw dropping, stunning. I had no idea that a human being could play the guitar with such speed and deftness. It's as if a humming bird's wings were plucking the strings. For me, it redefines technical competence on the instrument.<br /><br />However, after 3 or 4 listenings--after you get accustomed to the sheer firepower--the CD has little else to offer. In short: it gets old, fast.<br /><br />The whoops and hollers of the audience tell the tale: \\"Wow! Can you really play that fast??? WOW!...Wow...wow...oh, so what??\\"<br /><br />I'd recommend this CD for those interested in technical brilliance and mindblowing precision. However, for those seeking real beauty, I'd recommend the works of Andres Segovia or Los Romeros.
144471032X|5.0|I am 5'9\\" tall.  When I started the diet I forgot to weigh myself, so I am not sure exactly how much I weighed or how much I have lost, but I can tell you this.  I went from a size 14 clothes to a size 8.  I started the diet on April 15, 2010 after reading an excerpt in the London Daily Mail.  I even pre-ordered my book from Amazon.uk. Absolutely everyone has notice the difference. One thing that I do because I work five days a week is I cook my food all on one day and place in containers in the refrigerator.  This way I always have something to eat.  One of the quickiest ways to fall off a diet is when you have none of your available food ready, this is one way to avoid this issue.  I have had no issues with the diet and it really works.  I recommend this diet to anyone.  So far two friends and three relatives have also started the diet with great success. I wanted to come back and add that today is 2/2/2011 and I am still a size 8 still working the diet.  I did succumb to some parties during the holidays and gain 6 lbs, but went back to the beginning of the diet and some all protein days and I am back. I wish I could post pictures for all to see.  4/23/11 A friend just started the Dukan diet two weeks ago and she has lost 13 lbs. A year ago, I told her about the diet and it was not good enough til she heard about it on the news recently because of the Middleton's going on the diet and now she is a convert.
B0036EH3XE|4.0|After six long years, television's most engrossing show has come to a close.  What can we say about the end?<br /><br />First and foremost-- the ending does satisfy.  But by how much?  Let's discuss a bit more.<br /><br />It's safe to say that most viewers were expecting from the show a mind-blowing ending in two distinct varieties:  first, that the show's end would have strong allusions to very first few episodes of Lost, illustrating the show's greatest strength wherein the outcome of events and revelations seem to have originated from many episodes, if not seasons, back.  This gave the audience the sensation [or illusion] that the show was meticulously crafted and plotted way in advance.  While the ending does have this type of moment, particularly in the episode \\"Across the Sea.\\" and its flashback to Season 1, it is not a masterstroke befitting of the \\"Lost\\" pedigree, especially since it is the final masterstroke and should be the best of Lost's secrets.  There are many more revelations in Lost more intriguing in terms of long-development/rich pay-off types, most particularly the revelation of the Hatch's origin.  With that said, the revelation of \\"Across the Sea\\" in terms of the origins of Adam and Eve and how they seem to connect with the initial episodes of the show still feels satisfying despite a vague sensation of being underdeveloped.<br /><br />Secondly, audiences seem to want and expect for the ending to do a crazy backflip in terms of storytelling reminiscent of films such as Memento or The Sixth Sense.  This is a type of storytelling device where new information at the end retroactively changes our understanding of the entire preceding events.  While a component similar to this storytelling device does play out with the series finale and how the Alternate Reality [or is it?] and the Current Reality co-exist, it also is good but not great.  [SPOILER ALERT.]  It is enjoyable to watch the main cast of the story receive a happy ending, even if they all died either on the island or some point in their lives.  But again, it is not on the scale as say, a Memento or Sixth Sense.  Good, but not great.<br /><br />As for plot-points, \\"Lost\\" ties up its loose ends nicely considering how sprawling the show actually has become.  The character of Richard is explained [quite beautifully, I might add.] the origins of the Jacob and the Smoke Monster, the statue with the three toes.  Even the children from Oceanic Flight 815 abducted by the Others in Season 2 is explained!  [They were growing up at the temple.]<br /><br />However, compared to other seasons in the rich catalog of Lost, Season Six is just not the best one.  One can successfully argue that the tone of the show has changed dramatically over the years:  Seasons One and Two were more methodical, akin to the brooding episodes of the X-Files.  Season Three was a strange and forgettable season.  Season Three and Four were more in vein of '24', rich and kinetic.  But Season Six has its own vibe which is hard to categorize.  In terms of sheer energy, it is a step behind Seasons 4 and 5.  In terms of mystery, it is a step behind Season 1 and 2.  But taking its components together, it still delivers a satisfying ending.<br /><br />Lastly, the show is at its poignant best when its dramatic beats contain strong Christian underpinnings.  A prime example is the Hatch's button-pressing and the Christian obligation of obeying the moral law.  An example of this in the final season occurs when Jack explains his reason for returning to the island:  \\"I was broken.  And I was stupid enough to think the island could fix me.\\"  However, the ending just didn't have enough of this dynamism between dramatic beats and Christian connotations.  Jacob states that he wants a successor when he goes.  But the Christian God doesn't want a successor-- he exist eternally.  The disconnect between Judeo-Christian theology and Lost's conception of Jacob hampered a lot of what made the show relevant-- seeking a deeper understanding of a God.<br /><br />With that said, the final season will undoubtedly face its nitpickers and those who will think hard of finding faults with the last episodes [as I initially did upon my first viewing.]  However, in contrast to other shows which promised big storyline payoffs that never delivered [Battlestar Galatica, to be more precise.] Lost does a tremendous job of bringing its run to a close.  A good, not great, but good-great ending!said, the final season will undoubtedly face its nitpickers and those who will think hard of finding faults with the last episodes [as I initially did upon my first viewing.]  However, in contrast to other shows which promised big storyline payoffs that never delivered [Battlestar Galatica, to be more precise.] Lost does a tremendous job of bringing its run to a close.  A good, not great, but good-great ending!
B00275EHIM|4.0|Out of the gate:  What a fun Arabian adventure -- oh, yeah, Persian, right.  Jake Gyllenhaal is no Laurence of Arabia but cuts a swath as a troublesome boy who grows to be a troublesome prince; when others are seriously engaged, he's street-fighting.  When others are telling him not to attack first, he does anyway.  What a brat!<br /><br />It's the typical \\"it's OK to undermine authority because it will turn out OK anyway\\" mentality and it seems to work in this film.  Jake as the Prince has amazing, almost super-human acrobatic abilities.  He can climb arrows and jump rooftops with the greatest of ease.<br /><br />And never breaks a sweat!<br /><br />Our desert fox (Gemma Arterton), however, the inevitable beautiful Princess, is the holder of a magic dagger that can turn back time for a few minutes thanks to some magic sand which came from some gods which were going to destroy Man but decided to let it go by coming up with the magic sand gimmick and...<br /><br />Yeah, complicated.  But that's OK!<br /><br />The evil uncle who wants it all for himself.  The cast of thousands (of CGI soldiers) who die for the cause.<br /><br />And the eviller (\\"eviller?\\") Hassasins who have these Ninja abilities and throw these spikes from bracelets.  The knife scenes are cool as they fly through the air; the slo-mo jumping and hitting, the swords flashing and the cool desert sunrise.<br /><br />And who knew that ostriches could be so much fun?<br /><br />Ah, the Prince.  Mistaken identity, false accusation.  Works for Hitchcock, not sure about this one, though.<br /><br />As far as fantasy is concerned, it has its requisite beautiful princess, a devil-may-care hero, a bad guy and a quest.  And when you get to the end, nobody dies!<br /><br />Yes, a Disney production.  Some scenes may be much for children.<br /><br />Rental!<br /><br />Other Bruckheimer Productions:<br /><br />[[ASIN:B000N6UERA Pirates of the Caribbean: The Curse of the Black Pearl [Blu-ray]]]<br />[[ASIN:B000065U1N Black Hawk Down]]
1580176941|5.0|Another good cookie decorating book from these authors. Very good illustrations, informative, and very happy to add it to my collection.
B001NLKT60|5.0|Im exhausted.  I stayed up all night because I had to finish The Girl Who Played with Fire.  I do believe I liked this book better than The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo because Salander moved much more quickly. As a matter of fact all the characters developed much more quickly to rope you in.  You could start reading the Stieg Larsson triology here because this book is all inclusive.  I'd write more but I just downloaded The Girl Who Kicked the Hornet's Nest to my Kindle so I'm going to take a nap and dive in.
B000YEUUCK|5.0|I already own this item on dvd, the difference on the blu ray version is incredible a must see for any Celine Dion fan.
0307454541|5.0|I have ordered many books from Amazon and have never been disappointed and for the amount of business they do, that says A LOT !  By the way, I LOVE the character of Lisbeth Salander in THE GIRL WITH....  books!
B000H7J9R6|5.0|First of all I think it was a travesty that this was marketed as a horror/chiller type movie which I don't think it was ever meant to be. I have watched this movie several times and I am convinced that it is all about the main character's (Dahlia Williams (Jennifer Connelly) decent into madness.  If you look at the opening scene, little girl waiting for mom to pick her up, all the other kids moms  have picked them up, she finally arrives, drunk and not in a good mood. She was raised up without any love, now that she is an adult she is having a hard time coping with life in general, couple that with  the thought that she is starting to have very severe mental problems (paranoid delusions/hallucinations).  Oh yea, did nobody seem to notice that it was raining? Not just the first scene but though out   almost the entire movie? Was it really raining, or was it just the way she was seeing the world through  her deranged mind? Her mental illness was probably a major contributor to her marital problems.  She had become obsessed with her daughter, probably over compensating for the way her mom  treated her, swearing to herself that she would never leave or abandon her as her mom did.  Again this may have contributed to the breakup of the marriage, the scene in the marriage councilors  office, in which she makes reference to her husband forgetting their daughter's birthday and  the husband explaining why that happened is very revealing to me.   No one else in the entire movie made a reference to \\"Dark Water\\" this was all in her head.  There was water but it was not \\"Dark\\". Over the years water had become evil or the enemy.  The side story about the family that lived in 10F above her apartment really did happen. There  was a little girl that did end up drowning in the water tower. But this just played itself out even more in  her deranged mind to a much higher dimension. There never were any \\"ghost\\" or people appearing  from the beyond. It was all in her head. In the end I think she kills herself, but they don't show that.  I could go on and on about every little scene but that would take too long.  I wish everybody would go back and re-watch this movie looking at it from the viewpoint I have  described and I believe you would enjoy it a lot more. I know this movie moved me very much.  Any movie that I watch and can't stop thinking about it for days is good in my book.
B0017ZB8M6|5.0|Katy Perry is a great new artist with a lot of creativity and passion in her songs.  This is how I would rate each song;    1. One Of The Boys- great start off, very catchy. 5/5    2. I Kissed A Girl- major stardom for Katy. Who would ever think of a title like this? 5/5    3. Waking Up In Vegas- A great song that would make you wanna get up and dance. 5/5    4. Thinking Of You- Great ballad. I think the lyrics are just beautiful, now this is what I call \\"creativity\\" 5/5    5. Mannequin- My least favorite off the album. That's all. 1/5    6. Ur So Gay- A very fun song to sing along with, but I was horrified at the last lyric. 3/5    7. Hot N Cold- The best song off the album and my personal favorite. 5/5    8. If You Can Afford Me- Another favorite of mine. 5/5    9. Lost- This song is very beautiful, but I find this one a filler. 3/5    10. Self Inflicted- This song is ok, but not the best. 4/5    11. I'm Still Breathing- I find this song similar to Thinking Of You for some reason but overal another filler. 1/5    12. Fingerprints- Great way to end the album. 3/5    Overal 4/5 Buy it!
B001PU8N0I|5.0|This is a wonderful drama and I think Matthew MacFayden and his characther in this movie is wonderful.
B002VPE1AW|5.0|this movie is a must see - the story is great - it reminds me of what we did to the native american indians when we came to this land.
B002U33GUQ|1.0|I know that Brad Mehldau is a very creative musician and periodically writes music and performs in a style   totally different from the soft, relaxed style of the Brad Mehldau Trio albums. This is a good example as  to his dramatic change of style.  I am not a music critic or really know how to explain his style but I know what   I like. I found this orchestra background distracting and his performance overall to be too somber for my taste and I have little desire. Hope he gets back to the Brad Mehldau Trio style that I really love.
0307269752|3.0|Easy to follow as i saw movie first.A bit drawn out about the fall of the Wennerstromm corp.Story should have ended we Harriet reunited with family
0618164413|1.0|Unlike all the other Curious George compilations this book has a bunch of strange stories in it.  The strangest is the one written in conjusction with the Boston Children's Hospital where George swallows a puzzle piece.  He then gets admitted to the hospital, drinks barium and then gets operated on.  As a physician this was far too detailed for Curious George story.    Another story in the book has George smelling a bottle of ether and then having stange dreams and passing out.    My daughter likes the hospital story as I make up all my own words but this book will hit the trash can one day soon.  Buy any other compilation of George stories just not this one - it's like the writers were drinking on duty when this book got put together.
B000P0J09M|1.0|Yes, it's true! I didn't believe it until I actually bought this copy of Goodfellas myself, but the production crew of this DVD were gracious enough to stick in their very own intermission in the middle of this 2 1/2 hour film. No, there wasn't one in the theatrical release, but there is an extraordinarily annoying and unnecessary one here. For in the middle of this incredibly entertaining movie it suddenly stops. The viewer must then get up and flip the DVD over to watch the second half of the film. !!!!NO KIDDING!!!! Why didn't Warner Brothers just release this on 8-track!!!! Totally unacceptable!!!! I actually thought I had received a bootleg copy through Amazon and requested an exchange . . . . but the joke is on me, because this is how the studio intended it for home viewing!!!! I highly recommend not purchasing this DVD, solely for this reason. I do LOVE the movie, but this is totally unacceptable!!!!
B00275EGX8|1.0|This is a very poorly written story, the creators only got an oscar because it was a current war film. very far from plausible.
0800141601|5.0|I was very pleased to see how much Christian culture was included in this film:  Arthur (Sean Connery) prayed frequently, particularly in his period of loss when Gwen had been kidnapped, and there was the frequent prayerfulness even at the round table. There was the presence of respectable clergy, there were small churches and a great cathedral with a wonderful crucifix of Our Lord and other sacred statuary (The chapels were typically burned by the anti-christian elements though obviously not with the contempt of the story-writer, contempt so often in the heart of certain iconoclast, so called \\"artists\\" of our time). It stands as a Christian alternative, indeed, an \\"answer\\" to that anti-Christian work, The Mists of Avalon, which - though a well done production starring the lovely Julianna Margulies - in the end distorts or paganizes the Catholic devotion to Mary, and the novel itself serves an anti-Christian, sacrilege-the-sacred and life itself agenda. I know, TMOA was produced after FK, but the latter still stands out as a film \\"redeeming\\" Arthurian lore and Gwenivere as well. The battles had to be bloody to be genuine and the Bible is full of that, and so First Knight was First Class, edifying, even educational, entertainment!
B0028NSE3M|4.0|I owned this as an eight track years ago, so I was happy to be able to own it again on cd. I always enjoyed the long version of \\"By The Time I Get To Phoenix\\".
B00127RAJY|4.0|this is an intense workout that combines cardio and strength training. It's only 20 minutes and there are 3 levels so anyone can do it. If you are short on time, this is for you!
B001AQR39O|2.0|Season 2 of this series represented for me a falling off in standard from the first season. The plot gyrations started getting wilder, as if the writers had lost faith in the characters and had to invent more and more outlandish situations to put them in. I also began losing faith, asking myself increasingly why I should care about this group of immature, selfish, self-absorbed and childish characters.<br /><br />I also grew skeptical of the fact that the \\"hero\\" only has to look at a gorgeous woman, and the series presents us with an unending line of them, for her to throw herself at him. What's so irresisible about this flabby, stinky, unshaven, gross, cigarette-smoking example of manhood? I just didn't buy it.<br /><br />In season 2, a music producer possibly even more revolting that Hank recruits our hero to be his biographer. Hank's agent Charlie Runkle goes into porn while his wife becomes a coke addict.<br /><br />One mystery is the total disappearance of Bill, whom Karen married and abandoned at the end of Season one. Bill's 17-year-old daughter Mia remained a crucial, though creepy presence -- but her father has gone.<br /><br />One other reviewer comments: \\"For all its explicit language and graphic sex, Californication is a compelling character study of a seriously flawed man-child.\\"<br /><br />Personally, I now feel as if I've spent enough time in the company of this \\"man-child\\" and will seek more adult company for my viewing pleasure.
B000093BDX|4.0|As a greatest hits album this brings back a lot of memories from my youth. Many of the songs are fun to run to, also.  The only song the Beach Boys should not have recorded was Chuck Berry's Rock and Roll Music. It does not fit the \\"surf\\" sound.
B000JMKRKC|4.0|The Thirteenth Tale is an intriguing, slightly hysterical gothic novel, full of twists and turns with some utterly spellbinding storytelling weaving it all together. I found the narrator slightly too dramatic for my tastes, but it all adds to a thrillingly Victorian-Romantic sensibility. I think if you are familiar with that genre of novels (Jane Eyre, Northanger Abbey, The Woman in White, Wuthering Heights) you will really enjoy this book.
0385480334|4.0|The diary of Anne Frank is a read that I will never forget this an amazing story.
1400052173|3.0|The Immortal Life of Henrietta Lacks by Rebecca Skloot was written in 2010 about an African American woman who died of cancer in 1951.    This is a non-fiction book about the life and the extended family of Henrietta Lacks who was diagnosed with cancer in 1951 and died shortly after the diagnosis.  Unbeknownst to her and her family, cell tissues were removed from her body and were studied in a science lab at Johns Hopkins University in Baltimore, Maryland.    These cancer cells thrived in the lab and multiplied millions of time over and were studied by physicians, biologists, scientists, etc., world wide.  Many medical breakthroughs were made from 1951 to present day because of the studies of these cancerous cells.    The family learned about this scientific work nearly 20 years later and was hounded by reporters, scientists, scam artists, editors, and the like to learn more about the individual from whom these cells were first extracted.  This book provides the history of this scientific movement, the background of the family, and brings the reader up to the present day.    The cells are known as HeLa cells today having been named after Henrietta Lacks.  You might find this well documented book extremely interesting to read.
0385512058|5.0|If you are new to the business world, or are not comfortable with the idea of marketing yourself and networking - this book is a must read for you. Not only will it give strategies and ideas on how to network, but it also provided me with self confidence and motivation to get out there and get started. More experienced networkers can also benefit from the energy and thought that goes into Keith Ferrazzi's networking. Although at times it can be extreme, I believe that there ideas and suggestions that can be used to some degree by everyone.  The information and guidance are interwoven throughout the book with the author's personal story and experiences.  Topics discussed in the book (among others):<br />' How to Leverage your network: the more you give, the more you will receive<br />' Relationship Action Plan: a plan to turn your goal into a reality<br />' Avoid being the \\"networking jerk\\"<br />' Prepare to meet people<br />' Warming the Cold Call<br />' The importance of the Gatekeeper<br />'  Following up<br />' Becoming a \\"Conference Commando\\": how to get more out of conferences<br />' Connect with other \\"connectors\\"<br />' Small talk<br />' Pinging: keep up the contact<br />' Throwing a good dinner party<br />' Self Branding: developing and marketing the brand of \\"you\\"<br />I have read this book several times and continue to find new and interesting ideas in it each time. I hope that you find it interesting and applicable to you business life.  Please feel free to join the discussion and let me know what you think of the book, or what other books you are reading that you would recommend (or not!).
B002SF9YUM|5.0|This was such a strange movie at times, but it was very interesting to watch, trying to figure out what was happening. Great acting though by both men, I really enjoyed this one.
B001KVZ6F2|5.0|This movie is a must have for Clint Eastwood fans. You will laugh, cry and go through a wide range of emotions from watching this film.
B002VPE1AW|5.0|I saw this film in 3D Imax ... It was the best film I have ever seen for the most money I ever spent.  the DVD was viewed on my 37\\" 1080 p and due to the screen size the density of the pixals the resolution was better than I max. >:o)=
B000V1Y43W|5.0|The video and audio were incredible.  I really enjoyed the story line and quality of the video in Blu-Ray.  This time they outdid themselves when they put this one together and I would recommend this movie to anyone regardless of age.
0783229372|5.0|A young G. C. Scott plays his character well. This historical disaster is well made for the time period it was made in and has some actual footage of the disaster itself. The movie can bring home the magnitude the people feel at the time when this disaster happened. Movie sub plots are a bit thin - this movie explores one of the several suggested reasons why the Hindenburg went down.
0071636080|5.0|Business Week columnist and author, Carmine Gallo, with his \\"The Presentation Secrets of Steve Jobs; How to be Insanely Great in Front of Any Audience\\" has delivered an excellent book on the \\"how\\" of communicating to an audience in today's digital world. In the book, Gallo focuses solely on \\"the magnetic pitchman who sells his ideas with a flair that turns prospects into evangelists,\\" Steve Jobs, Apple Founder and CEO.<br /><br />Presentations have become the de facto communications tool for most professional endeavors - political, social, medical, business, and educational. Companies are started, products are launched, climate systems are saved, students are educated, and health issues are presented. Unfortunately, of \\"the millions of presentations delivered each day, only a small percentage are delivered well.\\" (Nancy Duarte, Slideology)<br /><br />This book - your road map to presentation success - is designed to help you deliver presentations that set you apart from ordinary presenters and insure your idea or endeavor does not fail due to poor communication. The roadmap shows how Job's:<br />* Crafts messages<br />* Presents ideas<br />* Generates excitement for a product or feature<br />* Delivers a memorable experience<br />* And, by doing so, creates customer evangelists<br /><br />While the lessons are remarkably simple to learn, applying them is up to the reader and requires a time investment of Jobsian proportions. Jobs, you will learn, \\"is relentlessly focused on improvement, laboring over every slide, every demo, and every detail of a presentation\\"...and he rehearses and rehearses and rehearses.<br /><br />Some of my personal favorites from Gallo's excellent book include:<br />1. The \\"one question that matters most to the audience\\"<br />2. Create stories not solutions<br />3. The \\"Rule of Three\\"<br />4. Aristotle's Five Point Plan to create a persuasive argument<br />5. Creating the experience - the slide and other supporting actors<br /><br />\\"The Presentation Secrets of Steve Jobs\\" can be easily be supplemented by the over 35,000 clips of Jobs on YouTube where you can see him apply his secrets in action. This is a \\"must-have\\" book for all who communicate via presentation.,000 clips of Jobs on YouTube where you can see him apply his secrets in action. This is a \\"must-have\\" book for all who communicate via presentation.
0385334206|4.0|Although I do not share many aspects of Mr. Vonnegut's view of life, I can still appreciate how well he expresses it. This novel, ostensibly about the fateful encounter between an obscure sci-fi writer and a car salesman who is slowly going insane after reading one of his stories, is really about life and politics according to Kurt Vonnegut. Often transparently so. Using minimalistic and hilariously bad doodles the author relates his view of humans as creatures largely determined by genetic and environmental factors (Hitler, according to this book, was \\"full of bad chemicals,\\" for instance) and his view of politics and society as the tyranny of these influences exerted through systemic means. There is, of course, no organized expression of this thesis, and this ties into my chief criticism of the work: it is rambling. Remarkably so. The narrative is a very chain that just barely binds together the various observations made by the author. His presentation is as irreverent as much of the content. And yet, this work is still very cutting, and the almost child-like explanations of everything from racism to the cold war range from silly to profound. I think, to Mr. Vonnegut's credit, that, as a whole, it is closer to the profound side of things than the silly side, and that's why I've rated it fairly highly. I think the author is wrong on a lot of things, and he could have expressed his views in a more organized fashion without robbing this work of its entertainment value, but there are too many pearls here to dismiss this book. The characters are well-drawn but not particularly deep: par the course for the genre of satire. I recommend this book for what it does right. Yet understanding where Vonnegut goes wrong can be a worthwhile process as well, because, no matter what he may be, he is never boorish or typical in his thinking.
B0038P59A0|5.0|This movie has earned its place in the top 10 movies of this year. The movie is entertaining and keeps it interesting! 5 stars
B000EJ9MTW|1.0|This band sounds like they're trying to bring the seventies back in a contrived manner----you can't recreate those early masterpieces. Every song is as boring as the next--save your money and get it off the net and then listen to it--more than likely after one or 2 listens it's going to hit the delete bin. Back to my title---if you want those bands just buy their albums and enjoy the real deal.Look at it this way---the original LEVI'S 501 was made a certain way in the good old days in the USA--they've cut costs and farmed it out to China,Bangladesh,South and Central America---The fabric and  quality and fit is not the same---we will never get that original 501 back---Zep/Sabs/HumblePie/Heep/Purple mkI//II /Floyd/Bad Co./Free/GFR---they're never coming back as we all knew them circa 1970-75!!!!      For an updated and fresh sound try out PORCUPINE TREE!!
B0015DROBO|2.0|I assumed I would like this book given all I had heard about it. So I wanted to like it. I am only 26% of the way through because unlike the books I typically try to read, it's just so boring that I am never motivated to go out of my way to find time to keep reading it. This is the first time , I've reviewed something without finishing it, but my point is a good book should draw you in right away and command your interest. The only reason I keep going on this one is because of its reputation and I keep waiting for it to get interesting. At 26% of the way through the title character has only had a very minor role. But I get the gist and despite the buzz I don't consider her that interesting or original. And the main character is downright boring. I suppose we're supposed to be drawn in by the fact that his life is upside down and he's facing prison, but he seems so oddly unaffected by it that why should we be? At the equivalent of over 120 pages in, NOTHING has happened.  Absolutely nothing. At a certain point, who cares if it gets suddenly good later. It already failed. I wonder what the people who like this book typical read. Perhaps to an \\"Oprah\\" book-of-the-month reader this might be interesting. But to anyone reasonably well read in mysteries or thrillers, this is third rate at best.<br /><br />UPDATE: Eventually finished the book.  The second half was better, but it doesn't change my opinion that it was incredibly boring in the first half.  With the exception of Lizbeth (the \\"girl\\" of the title, who is a minor character until the second half of this book), none of the characters are fleshed out, believable or interesting.  She is very interesting if not quite as original as the reputation of the book suggests.  Fortunately she is more of the focus in the subsequent book which started out much better as a result.
1435248244|5.0|Uglies by Scott Westerfeld is a breath-taking science fiction novel that demonstrates a theme of friendship and adventure.<br /><br />Tally Youngblood lives in a futuristic world, where at sixteen years old, all citizens become extremely beautiful, party all night and live amazing lives. All of the society is convinced that before turning sixteen, everyone is ugly. Tally is an extremely mischievous \\"ugly\\" and can't wait until the day she becomes pretty. Until one night, when she meets a life-changing friend, Shay, who tells Tally secrets about their world, and introduces her to a whole new life, one that will change Tally forever....<br /><br />When reading this book, I would try to finish reading, but I could never put the book down. Although Tally lives in a completely different world, it is easy to relate to her. One thing I really liked about this book was how much adventure is in it. Tally goes on intense adventures, struggling through living in the wild by herself. She meets both frightening and friendly people who make huge impacts on her life.<br />I loved this book so much that I've read it over and over again and it still keeps me excited and entertained. This book provides loads of surprises and adventures that will keep you reading for hours.
1423113381|4.0|this book really brought the history of this ancient culture to my interest! being a 16 year-old teenager who loves to read stories of fantasy and thriller, i found this book just as good as i could expect it to be! with Roidan's success of the Percy Jackson series you might expect a new series of books could be absolutely horrible, or absolutely amazing. if i were to choose Roidan did an excellent job.   the story fallows the same kind of plot line, in a way, as it does with the Percy Jackson books, with the gods and what not. but throughout reading The Red Pyramid I couldn't believe the twists and the back round stories to the two characters Carter and Sadie and how the bring their relationship and their family back together (not normally obviously but good enough)   if i keep going on and on i might give away the book! so i will stop here. if you like action, and family ties then you will like this book. it might seem cheesy to adults or older teens (like me)if you take a deeper meaning or understanding to the story it might be more enjoyable. anyways i do recommend this book! :)
0307388921|5.0|WARNING:  The following review is about a book of an extremely explicit nature:<br />See also:  adult<br />See also:  graphic<br />See also:  not rated by the motion picture association<br /><br />It's a book where its author, Chuck Palahniuk is a \\"genius\\".  Genius may not be the right word but it's the first one that comes to mind.<br /><br />Palahniuk brought us, \\"Fight Club\\", and has delivered us, in his novel \\"Choke\\",  a series of characters either as sane as the insanity of their lives will allow, or as insane as their belief in their pursuit of a normal life deceives them.  The hero, Victor Mancini, is born of an immaculate conception, either to a virgin or to a prostitute--it's never clear, rising above the abounding sin to help those in need of salvation.  Victor rises above his addiction to help his invalid mother (virgin or prostitute) who is locked away in an assisted living center for those with psychological disorders.  With medical costs of $3,000 per month Victor must find money to pay this bill. When he was young he accidentally began choking on food and realized that those who rushed to aid, and were successful, became heroes.  Once they saved your life they wanted to relive the experience over and over again...they became addicted to the good feeling of saving someone.  Victor begins exploiting this phenomenon by asking for money.  He grows this scam into a fairly lucrative business by repeating the accidental choking over and over again and then following up with the heros by asking for money again and again...which they happily paid to revisit the euphoria of helping someone in need.<br /><br />Down then we plunge into the seedy underbelly of compulsive addiction only to be lifted up on the other side by those willing to seek restitution in good actions or deeds.  This is the stuff of Baker, Fante, or even Burroughs but with an incredible plot line.  Masterfully conceived and told by Palahniuk, we believe that Victor has overcome the demons of his upbringing, as we all have overcome our own demons in order to live semi-productive lives, as we cheer him on.  If he is normal then we must also be normal...even if we are occasionally visited by the same insanity.  In the end however, when Palahniuk turns the story on its head--a signature move of his writing style, we can't make the same comparison to normal lest we also be cut from the same lunatic cloth.<br /><br />Another perfect novel for Palahniuk...five stars.rcome our own demons in order to live semi-productive lives, as we cheer him on.  If he is normal then we must also be normal...even if we are occasionally visited by the same insanity.  In the end however, when Palahniuk turns the story on its head--a signature move of his writing style, we can't make the same comparison to normal lest we also be cut from the same lunatic cloth.       Another perfect novel for Palahniuk...five stars.
B0032JTV6U|1.0|I just recently bought Glee the first season vol 1.  obviously insinuating that there will be a vol 2.  Where is it?  NO! I get an e-mail stating I can pay over $40 for the complete season.  NO THANK YOU!! What a rip off!! I am not paying for the same episodes twice.  Anyone who bought vol 1 should be given the option to buy vol 2 to complete the first season without sinking over $60 into it and having duplicate episodes!!!  Completely misleading!!  If I had known the Complete season was coming out and there was not going to be a vol 2 I would have never bought vol 1.  Guess they knew that and needed to get rid of them somehow....
0385333846|5.0|Few books about World War 2 will have their main character doing any sort of time-traveling, and fewer still will involve aliens, and almost none of worth will use both, but Slaughterhouse 5 does it well. Part comedy, part commentary; SH-5 takes the horrific bombing of Dresden, Germany during WW2 and juxtaposes it with a bit of comedic science fiction.  Billy Pilgrim becomes unstuck in time after his abduction by some aliens. The narrative follows him as he jumps into moments of his life and centers around the bombing of Dresden where he was a prisoner. The author, Konnegut, was a real life prisoner during the bombing and many of the little details are based on his experiences from the war.  This is a wonderful book that will keep you reading to the end. It will make you laugh and, most importantly, think.  Well, this is the end of my review, I hope you enjoy the book.  So it goes.
0765356139|5.0|I know some folks have said this book is not as good as the first, and I agree and disagree.  Here's why:<br /><br />The first book was a bit confusing for me (although not nearly as much as other fantasy magic systems have been).  I felt as if I spent a lot of it learning how things work and figuring out how to picture the descriptions.  That's not to say I didn't enjoy it, because I did, but by the end of the book I was ready to dive into the second book because I knew that, now that I had the magic system down, I'd be able to jump into the story itself.<br /><br />It's easy to forget throughout the first book that Vin is just a girl - she's a teenager, she's young, she hasn't had any sort of female influence in her life (except for a warped view of her dead mother).  She's confused, scared and she's been thrown into a very impossible circumstance that's demanding that she actually stand up and make herself heard and seen - which goes against everything her existence as a thief and a girl has taught her.  For that very reason I loved the bit of romance thrown in and the triangle created between Vin, Eland and Zane.  I loved that it showed her insecurities and that it reminded us that, although she's a fierce assassin and a person who carries the majority of the weight of this story on her shoulders, she is still a teenage girl with the same teenage insecurities.  That's a big portion of why I loved this second book so much.<br /><br />Another reason is that, in spite of knowing more about the factions and the characters (although still not as much as I would like), Sanderson continues to surprise me with very rationale reasons for the way things work and with twists and turns in the political structure of the world he's created. Simply put, I never stop guessing.  I LOVE that.<br /><br />Now, what I didn't like - it's a short list and some pretty minor stuff actually.  I want to know more about the actual characters surrounding Vin and Eland.  I know those two pretty well by this point, but I was sad to see some of them dying off before I really got to know who they are.  (Seriously? You had to take one of my FAVORITE dudes, Sanderson?)  The book is long enough that more depth could be explored with these characters but I still feel as if I hardly know them and that they are pretty one-sided.<br /><br />I'm looking forward to the third book, in fact, I'm forcing myself to write this review before I go pick it up.  Very excited to see how this trilogy ends and I have already placed these books on my wishlist- unheard of for me when I haven't read the entire thing yet.s sad to see some of them dying off before I really got to know who they are.  (Seriously? You had to take one of my FAVORITE dudes, Sanderson?)  The book is long enough that more depth could be explored with these characters but I still feel as if I hardly know them and that they are pretty one-sided.    I'm looking forward to the third book, in fact, I'm forcing myself to write this review before I go pick it up.  Very excited to see how this trilogy ends and I have already placed these books on my wishlist- unheard of for me when I haven't read the entire thing yet.
B002VPE1AW|5.0|I was uncertain about a computer generated movie, but I was wrong! It was an awesome film that I watched twice when I got it. The mix of computer characters and real was brilliant.
1556438850|5.0|Admitedly, one may say that as a student of Mark Stephens, this is a biased review. I won't argue with the fact that as a student of yoga, Mark Stephens in an excellent teacher who has very popular yoga classes here in Santa Cruz, CA. He is a very friendly, approachable teacher who treats all of his students (which are many) with equal attention and equanimity. His teaching style is easy to grasp and grow upon. My own yoga practice has improved markedly in my classes at Mark's studio.  Despite all this, I own many yoga books and videos and have enough of them to understand the differences between those that are well-done, and those that aren't. This book is definitely one of the former.   Although titled Teaching Yoga, this book has obviously been written for not just the teacher, but the student (which I am), too. As a student, I'm very interested in the teaching process, what the teacher is trying to convey to an aspiring student of yoga.   Mark's book is a holistic production. Unlike many books, Teaching Yoga encompasses the whole gambit of what we in the West interpet as \\"Yoga\\". Roots, traditions, lore, history, styles, philosophies, the physical practice, what to look out for, etc. is found in this obvious labor of love.   The chapter on sequencing ideas in itself is a gem and can easily be rendered into a book itself. For those who want a home-based practice without carbon-copying what was learned in class (I believe that the truely rich realm of yoga is that of self-exploration, the ability to translate a yoga practice to that of \\"being\\" yoga.), the underlying philosophy of sequencing gives ones a template to begin with.
030726999X|4.0|The books in this trilogy should be read in order, as the action sequences from on book to the next.  This book starts with Lisbeth's arrival at a hospital after events in \\"The Girl Who Played With Fire.\\"  It tends to be a slow reading book because of all the detail.  At some points, the detail seems excessive because of the digressions into the operationsl structure of the Swedish Secret Police.  The story is well developed, and everything is wrapped up at the end.<br /><br />The author died after completion of the trilogy (and before publication), so any loose ends may remain unresolved.  His laptop computer contains an uncompleted manuscript for a fourth novel, and is said to ccntain outlines for two others.  At this writing, there is a dispute over ownership of the laptop (in physical possession of his longtime girlfriend) and some questions about the literary control of the characters.  It is possible that the characters could develop a life beyond the novels (in motion pictures or TV series), but there is the question of who would play Lisbeth.  Motion pictures of the trilogy are under development in the US (and have been filmed in Swedish with English subtitles).<br /><br />It is interesting to note that the author was not known for writing fiction, and the original Swedish publisher felt that sales of 10,000 copies of the first novel would be optomistic.  The first press run of the US edition of this third novel was 750,000.
B0038P59A0|4.0|One star off because of whispered dialogue throughout the movie.  It drove us crazy!  Other than that....lots of fun!
B001GZ6QEC|5.0|Which movies will people be watching 100 years from now? Who knows what 3D smell-o-vision VR format they will be watching their modern narrative films on, but, like classic novels, SOME movies from the last 100 years will be consumed by the general pubic? We are not talking about what the future film scholars will be watching (ie, \\"Birth of a Nation\\"), but just really good films with popular appeal; eg Casablanca, Citizen Kane, Godfather, Star Wars trilogy, Annie Hall, Schindler's List...\\"fill in the blank\\".  The list won't be long, maybe 10 to 20 films from the last 100 years, but The Dark Knight, IMHO, is certainly a candidate for that list.    Let's be realistic; it is nowhere near the greatest story ever told on celluloid; but it is near perfect in theme & execution. It avoids all the common pitfalls of big budget 'Hollywood' movies and leaves one actually challenged to find fault with it. Yes, it is a comic book movie and with that comes an automatic simplification of human psychology & interaction compared to more esoteric films with gut-wrenchingly realistic human characters.    But that was Shakespeare play field too; the dumbing down of real characters to fit into larger sociological themes encapsulating the zeitgeist of it's time & still remain entertaining. Any playwright scholar will tell you The Bard was the \\"Summer Blockbuster\\" writer of his time.    So what leads a movie to be become a time capsule for the ages? A flawless story encapsulating dramatic characters, themes, cinematography, & soundtrack? Of course, but there is an 'It' factor that no one has yet to quantify but given the especially unusual enthusiastic embrace this film received from fans, critics, & people not usually drawn to the genre, the 'It\\" factor can definitely be checked off that list. Did you find yourself discussing the film & what it's larger commentary was? When most viewers of the film are engaged in similar conversations coming out of the theater you know the film has morethen just a 'popcorn movie' impact on the greater culture at large.    How about fun & entertaining? Some of greats struggle to qualify on that level but yet they still remain great films people eagerly consume. But being 'fun' can only help its long term consideration. Is there any doubt The Dark Knight is a VERY entertaining roller coaster?    So what is left to argued? Hard to say but time certainly plays a factor in how the culture ultimately digests a film & incorporates into the larger zeitgeist. There will be more Batman sequels to follow & those films will probably play a role in how The Dark Knight is viewed from a distance. The disasters of Jaws 2 through 4 did not effect the original's place in cinematic history, but yet many believe the Star Wars prequels or the last Indiana Jones film did permanent damage to the long term view of their franchises as a whole.    So it's really all a big question mark for this films long term success but 99.99% of films, even good ones, do not even make it out of the starting gate of that race. The Dark Knight is undoubtably in the running and, for now, is a masterpiece for it's time, holding a place in the leading pack.
0785134352|4.0|Let me first say that this book is entirely worth reading but it just may not be worth buying.  I was finished with the book in under 20 minutes so I'm not sure that was worth the 17$ price tag. It feels more like a set-up to a larger story then a self contained arc which is always the problem with planned trilogy's. The art is top notch, and I haven't really liked much of Romita's recent art, and the writing is sharp, real, and witty.  Well worth a read just not the price.
B002ZRPQ5K|3.0|In the old days, this would have been a budget priced EP. A chance for the band to blow-off a few experiments, B-Sides or fan favorites that didn't quite fit onto their proper albums. As such, \\"Night Train\\" is only so-so - three stars for average.<br /><br />As much as they want to call it 8 songs, it's just 7 with one quickie instrumental overture to start things off. \\"House Lights\\" does offer the promise of something interesting, and then comes a really good single, \\"Back In Time.\\" Lead vocalist Tom Chaplin has that blue-eyed angst thing down like a modern Daryl Hall, and this is the kind of song Keane excels at. Add the 80's syths, and this is a solid bit of retro-Britpop.<br /><br />That is, unfortunately, the highlight. \\"Stop for a Minute\\" is one of two featuring rapper K'Naan, and it's an average song. It sounds like a leftover from \\"Perfect Symmetry.\\" The other K'Nann contribution is \\"Looking Back,\\" which rips off the theme from \\"Rocky.\\" I kid you not. Dreadful. There's a third experiment with Tigarah, \\"You've Got to Help Yourself,\\" which is the best of the collaborative efforts. She sings in Japanese, and the song itself is an inspired cover choice from the Yellow Magic Orchestra. For that, I give the band serious props.<br /><br />One more song here merits purchase, the closing \\"My Shadow.\\" It's the kind of dreamy piano pop that made fans fall in love with Keane in the first place. There's a part of me that wishes that Keane would go back to that \\"Under The Iron Sea\\" sound, but this EP and \\"Perfect Symmetry\\" have seen the band move more towards mainstream pop. I have posited a few times that, as new bands go, if Muse is the new century equivalent of Queen as Police power trio, Keane is Hall and Oates as filtered through Coldplay. Nice influences, but Muse seems to have transcended their, while Keane is still trying to figure out how. \\"Night Train\\" offers a half-hour holding pattern from a band that may still achieve brilliance.
B001GCUO5M|5.0|The film's visuals, dialogue, music and sound were stunning yet are characterized by offsetting subtleties that the overall effect is rather numbing yet thoroughly thought provoking. It has been several months since I saw this film in the theater but it still lingers with me. A very subtle yet powerful masterpiece from Martin Scorsese.
B001FB5634|5.0|A man and his son roam about in a post-apocalyptic world, scrounging for food, shelter, safety, and any comfort they can find in a world where all the animals have died off and no crops will grow. No explanation for the apocalyptic events is given, nor is one needed.  In fact, it's beside the point.  This isn't a story about a disaster -- it is the story about human behavior after a disaster.  And here's another scoop for ya -- it ain't that much different from what we see today.  An apocalypse will just shear away all comfort and civility and bring out our absolute best and worst qualities to immediate and unforgiving view.<br /><br />The man tries to teach his son to be cautious, safe, and resilient, and the son tries to teach his dad to be more humane toward his fellow survivors.  Those two methods don't always co-exist well.  The Man presumably knows enough about human nature to know that in desperate times humans can be ruthless, evil, and dangerous.  The boy definitely needs to learn that lesson but he is still young, inexperienced, and idealistic enough to want to reach out and help his fellow survivors.  Both of them are right, and therein lies the conflict.<br /><br />The idea of a catastrophe of this magnitude happening in real life in the near future is not all that far-fetched, really.  When it happens, we will quickly devolve into a dog-eat-dog world and the fight for survival will be fierce and brutal.  Don't be shocked -- that's an everyday way of life in much of the animal kingdom anyway.  Nature can be cruel.  So when that happens, how will you respond?  Will you turn cannibal to survive?  How far would you go to protect your loved ones?  Would you even have the courage and strength, both physical and emotional, to endure?<br /><br />There is a lot to be gleaned from a story like this.  It ain't happy family fare, that's for sure.  But it poses some interesting dilemmas and questions about human behavior and what it means to have humanity.  Your mileage may vary.<br /><br />To those out there who like to watch movies that are little more than unchallenging and explosive eye candy or rollercoaster action, by all means please skip this one.  Frankly, I wouldn't want to waste my time reading your negative reviews that showcase your narrow-minded view or your inability to accept cinema as a thoughtful storytelling device.  But there is an audience for this film.  Hopefully many of you are that audience.<br /><br />I'll warn you again, though:  this story can get pretty bleak.<br /><br />The major cast is pretty remarkable.  Viggo Mortensen has shown his talent countless times before, but this performance elevates him to an elite class.  Robert Duvall is unrecognizable and lends weight to his small amount of screen time like no other actor could.  Michael K.  Williams (\\"Omar\\" from HBO's \\"The Wire\\") does the same.  And young Australian actor named Kodi Smit-McPhee plays The Boy.  It's always a challenge when incorporating young children in key roles -- you don't want the kid to be too \\"cute and adorable\\", but he must be sufficiently so if you want to gain the audience's empathy for him.  It's a fine line.  Smit-McPhee walks that line without ever crossing it.<br /><br />Highly recommended movie.  Regular DVD has Director Commentary, a few short deleted scenes, a brief making-of feature with cast and director interviews, and two theatrical trailers that give the impression this film is slightly more of an action flick than it really is.those out there who like to watch movies that are little more than unchallenging and explosive eye candy or rollercoaster action, by all means please skip this one.  Frankly, I wouldn't want to waste my time reading your negative reviews that showcase your narrow-minded view or your inability to accept cinema as a thoughtful storytelling device.  But there is an audience for this film.  Hopefully many of you are that audience.    I'll warn you again, though:  this story can get pretty bleak.        The major cast is pretty remarkable.  Viggo Mortensen has shown his talent countless times before, but this performance elevates him to an elite class.  Robert Duvall is unrecognizable and lends weight to his small amount of screen time like no other actor could.  Michael K.  Williams (\\"Omar\\" from HBO's \\"The Wire\\") does the same.    And young Australian actor named Kodi Smit-McPhee plays The Boy.  It's always a challenge when incorporating young children in key roles -- you don't want the kid to be too \\"cute and adorable\\", but he must be sufficiently so if you want to gain the audience's empathy for him.  It's a fine line.   Smit-McPhee walks that line without ever crossing it.        Highly recommended movie.  Regular DVD has Director Commentary, a few short deleted scenes, a brief making-of feature with cast and director interviews, and two theatrical trailers that give the impression this film is slightly more of an action flick than it really is.
B001SRC9P8|5.0|The beginning of the Pretty Little Liars by Sara Shepard, starts out with five best friends Hanna, Spencer, Aria, Emily and most importantly their leader Alison who lived in a very exclusive neighbored called Rosewood.  They are having their end of the year summer slumber party in Spencer's barn. Spencer and Ali get into an argument. Ali leaves the barn and disappears. From then on, their best friend Alison was missing until three years later when Spencer, Hanna, Aria and Emily are in 11th grade and begin to get taunting messages from someone called \\"A\\" about deep dark secrets that only Ali knew. There is one big secret from sixth grade the \\"Jenna Thing\\" that they thought was safe, but their not so sure anymore. \\"A\\" will do ANYTHING to ruin these four high school juniors. This book is filled with mystery and the secrets of these four pretty little liars. \\"...Ali knew more about them than anyone else did,  including the bad stuff they wanted to bury--just like  a body. It was horrible to think Ali might be dead,  but...if she was, at least their secrets were safe.  And they were. For three years, anyway.\\"      What I liked about this book was the mystery of Ali's disappearance and who  \\"A\\" was? I enjoyed the little clues that the author drops into the story about what happened that first night of summer. I also enjoyed that each chapter focuses on Spencer, Aria Emily or Hanna and their sub plots. I do enjoy the hooks because it makes you want to read more. This book is hard to put down and is so exciting because of all the suspense. This book would be great for young teenage girls cause you can really relate to Spencer, Aria, Hanna, and Emily and their fashion references.
B0002NRQTI|3.0|I think if you compare the level of musicality achieved by Rush on their previous albums this one does not measure up. The ever present keyboards on their other albums are gone on this one which is definitely ruled by the guitar. It has a really grungy sort of sound, and is more of a hard rock album, whereas the other records tended towards a more balanced sound, and are progressive rock albums, which I think fair better in terms of long term appeal. I have always admired what Rush did with rock music, taking it from a basic level on their first LP and then expanding what rock can be on such amazing subsequent albums like Hemispheres, and A Farewell To Kings. They grew into being true innovators, and have made a unique contribution of modern rock, along with other notable Canadian progressive rock bands like Saga. I found Counterparts sort of rough going, and a bit of a disappointment. I think it would be popular among fans of harder rock, but although Rush has never been \\"mellow\\", they also are not what you might call a grunge metal outfit. Maybe they were too influenced by the commercial success of Metallica's Enter Sandman album a couple of years before Counterparts. Well, they still remain overall never boring and always relevant, and probably will for some time to come.
B001P5HI4A|5.0|Streisand's film is extremely original and personal and easily one of my three choices for best picture of nineteen eighty-three. It would've been a no-brainer to name this the only one, as best picture, but considering the many wonderful films of that year it would not have been practical. `Yentl' is a story of a young woman who wants to study the Torah and the Talmut, which is forbidden to women. Streisand uses the songs in the story as a state of mind or as the personal voice and private feelings of the character she portrays. This is not a musical in the traditional sense, because the only thoughts shared through song are Yentl's. And the songs are tied to each other in a compositional frame, which don't stray too much into eclectic rhythms or extreme transitions between one song and the other. This choice clearly defines the world of Yentl living inside her torment as opposed to the world outside of Yentl's personal experiences. The photography is lush and the lighting beautifully reflects the feeling of the world this film occupies. It is a truly unique and profound cinematic journey, rarely seen.
B0000062S0|3.0|If you followed some of the solo work by Jimmy Page you would remember that Robert Plant and Jimmy Page did a track on Jimmy Pages solo album Outrider called The Only One, back in 1989. It was a strange track. If Walking to C had been more like that track on Outrider, which in and of itself was a kind of weird album since it featured a bunch of singers and a bunch of drummers, etc, Clarkesdale could have been much better. The better Zeppelin recordings always had some humor, and Clarkesdale is kind of a serious guy album. We are serious it says, and we are walking to Clarkesdale. Well, I doubt that either of them have ever walked anywhere since the Zeppelin took off back in 1968, never mind hoofin' it from one town to another in the State of Mississippi. I notice that many people really liked Clarkesdale. Nobody seemed to say it was sloppy, or that the songs were nowhere near as good as Led Zeppelin's stuff, or as good as a whole bunch of solo material from ex-Zeppelin members either. I listened to it about half a dozen times over the time span of a month and then pretty much just put it away. The promo shots for the album show two guys, Page and Plant, who looked like they wanted to be somewhere else, looking kind of forlorn and alone, not the same situation as previous times for either of them I think. 'Most High' was the best track, but I always thought it sounded kind of odd, like someone trying to be Arabic whilst not being that thing in reality. Egad. I did notice Clarkesdale was the last time that pairing ever happened for original song writing purposes. Well, rock and roll never dies, it just changes labels, over, and over, and...
0891419063|5.0|After watching The Pacific on HBO I had to buy Sledge's and Leckie's books together. They were so very different but equally brilliant. The Pacific could never do justice to what these men went through. This is an credible read and maybe more incredible is that Sledgehammer wrote this book so many many years after the fact. Amazing. hat is equally fascinating, to me at least, is that I went back and read EVERY review that was written before 9/11. The reviews were totally glowing with so many WWII buffs stating that this is the greatest book they had ever read about the war etc, etc. I saw at least one \\"lest we not forget\\" reference which was so popular after 9/11. Amazing stuff.
B000069HZP|1.0|This film is about a wealthy business man played by Michael Douglas who gets present for his birthday from his younger and wilder brother. The gift is a game. It is a very expensive and exclusive game played across the city using dozens of characters and involving an endless series of increasingly dangerous and unpleasant situations. The producers want you to believe that no real animosity can exist between brothers when one of them crosses the line,grandiously. If I had been the wealthy business man character and I had a younger brother like that I would not have been so forgiving.That is the problem for me with this movie. I think not all things are forgivable even within the frame of family, while the producer says all is forgivable, and to forgive is supreme even in the face of total garbage. The premise remains all consuming even though the film is filmed with excellent technical skill and the acting is perfect. The overall concept is just wrong.I call it a dangerous movie somehow because it suggest that such things like the game happen in real life, and should be OK, when I think such a game in real life would be the antithesis of OK, both during, before, and after.
1594488878|4.0|I shall not pretend to be a true literary critic, but I suspect this book would be on the lighter side for many of them. But, sometimes reading  a short book with imperfect but lovable characters is something to grow on, and this book gave me a couple of times to pause and think - and smile. Much smiling in fact, for this is comic stuff. I see other reviewers did not find the story believable. I can understand that in some respects, but where this book has it's strengths - in explaining how otherwise rational people can be deeply irrational when they are afraid for instance - I found it very believable.
B0015ABRE2|1.0|I think that TV shows hit an all time low with this program. There has never been a worse show made in the history of TV. An endless plethora of self conscious and stilted dialogue trails around the characters who flop from one meaningless situation to another. It is a good metaphor for the apocalypse and just about  nothing else. Everybody knows the expression 'rising to your own incompetence level.That is what this show more or less represents. It is screen writing that can never be good enough to take this show out of the stinking ditch it lives in. Beyond that the shows premise is not even mirroring what we already now about pathological personalities. The show tries to make serial killers appear to be societies garbage men. In reality serial killers are systematic and evil people who don't make distinctions about who they kill. It is a most bizarre and oddly self serving system of logic they are dealing in on this particular TV show. Biggest thumbs down. It is a constipated duck.
B00000736W|5.0|The recent passing of Ronnie James Dio has had me revisiting some of his earlier work with Rainbow.  A great singer and performer who is in prime form here.     Here, we have some outstanding performances, from four of Rainbow's 1976 concerts in Germany.     Cologne, Dusseldorf, Munich and Mannheim or Nuremburg (depending if the tapes of the show were marked correctly).  Seems the tour schedule as pictured in the original 1990 Connoissuer Collection release booklet, shows Mannheim, but the Rolling Stone mobile tape reels were marked Nuremburg.   In this release, Man on the Silver Mountain is credited to Mannheim, Sept.28 with the original tapes labeled Nuremburg Sept. 29.   The Munich show conflicts as is was listed as Sept.29.     You get the best performances of each song over 2 CD's in this set.  With a consistent setlist, you can save the money of buying each individual show.      The Cologne show provides three tracks, incuding Stargazer, a great performance by Blackmore.  Ritchie's playing has that otherworldly element when at his best.   The lone Dusseldorf track, Catch the Rainbow is also in this set and it is breathtaking.     The Dusseldorf show is excellent, and would make a great companion to this set, for those that want more.
B003FSTN7A|5.0|Back in January 2005, I thought this show would be another show that NBC canceled, like so many that that they do. NBC has a bad reputation of canceling shows before they even get big or big enough to become huge hits. Sure enough, here we are 6 years later going on the 7th season, of Medium. Thank God, that CBS picked up Medium last fall, because NBC said Medium was out performing their other shows like Heroes (now look who got canceled).     Fortunately, CBS picked up Medium in the fall 0f 2009 and we got to see the 6th season.  I truly believe the writers of Medium have a lot in store for Season 7, involving the girls, Joe, and Allison. I think our next adventure of Medium will most likely be the last unless something miraculous happens like a spin off show which someone in the comment section said. I think this season will focus more on the girls and the Ariel in school. It's amazing how time flies. Seems just like yesterday that this show began.     I hope Season 6 is released no later than October, because there were several I had to miss due to work, but overall, this season was by far the best. I can not wait until I own it along with the others. So I would say go out there and get these remarkable season. Add it to your collection. You won't want to miss it!!     Now here we are in the spring of 2010, who knew that this show would last this long. Well, it did. And I for one, I am very proud that it has lasted this long! I can't wait to get all 22 episodes on 6 discs.
B0026OE2NY|5.0|First saw this movie playing at Bi-Mart, after the third time going in and seeing it playing I just had to ask for the title. This is awesome filming from the sky. The scenery is spectacularly magnificent, but it does make one think about the World and what is being done to it. I did not realize when I purchased this movie that it was a documentary about global warming. My husband says it is depressing, but agrees the photography is impressive, he has worked in the film industry so 'impressive' is not to be taken lightly. Just typing this makes me want to put it on again. The music in it is very relaxing, though the woman commentator can be a little annoying. If one wants to see some incredible sights from around the world this is the movie for you. Splendidly stunning, very well put together. It also makes me realize how blessed I am to be living where I do, in a green and pleasant area.
B001E2JNA6|5.0|Like many people this is one of my favorite programs- I watch it fairy often on dvd.    The transition to bluray is fantastic. The picture is remarkably better! All the sudden I can see the texture of fabrics and sun dappling through a window or kissing the grass- it is gorgeous!     There are also lots of small moments and cuts that have been slightly extended. This isn't a big deal, but I you have watched the series as often as I have it is a nice touch. For example at the beginning of the film viewers will now see a a quick shot of Mrs. Bennet talking excitedly to her friends then she will tell her family the news that a Mr. Bingly will be leasing Netherfield. It doesn't impact the story, but for fans like me it is a lovely touch.
B001FB5634|1.0|Just watched this and I can't believe this movie actually got made....complete downer fest...1/2 hour into this thing and I wanted to kill myself..the story really has no point...the big ending...well lets just say it's very predictable....  I Can't believe Viggo read this script and still did the movie...  the sad thing is that is that I love this genre....Omega Man, MAD MAX and hell even The Postman tackles the subject matter better than this....if you made somebody watch this movie twice you could get them to confess to the kennedy assasination...  PEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE UUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUU..this thing stinks
B002VECM4A|1.0|Before I saw Lee Daniel's \\"Precious\\" I perceived it as a poorly made exploitative racist film that perpetuates the worst stereotypes about black people. Six months later and eight dollars poorer after watching Lee Daniels' \\"Precious\\" at a matinee, I still see the movie as a poorly made exploitative racist film that perpetuates the worst stereotypes about black people. Critics hail this movie as a masterpiece of film-making, I regard it as the most offensive film since Birth of a Nation.<br /><br />Adapted from the novel \\"Push\\" by Sapphire Precious is tells the story of Clarice \\"Precious\\" Jones, a morbidly obese sixteen-year old with a lot of issues. Stuck in the eighth grade reading at a second grade level, She's pregnant for the second time by her father, a nameless man mixed among a montage of bacon grease and Vaseline. Kicked out of school, she's sent home to her mother Mary, a foul-mouthed stereotypical Regan era welfare queen who only cares about making welfare money off her daughter and keeping her case open so she cans sit on her butt and watch TV all day.After getting knocked out by moms and in between a profanity laced argument between Mary and Precious we watch as the enthusiastic Principal (who was apathetic as she kicked Precious out of her wonderful public school) comes out in the rain (This doesn't happen in real life. I went to public school in the 1980's and no one came out to your house; they just pushed you to the next grade regardless of your grades) to tell her about Each One, Teach One, an alternative school where she can get her GED. Oh Precious can get an education but just not in HER school. Don't you just love the liberal hypocrisy!<br /><br />The next day (or a few weeks later can't really tell in this movie because the transitions are so choppy in this incoherent movie)Precious over her mother's objections (she wants her to be a welfare queen like her) signs up for Each One Teach One, an alternative school full of colorful clich&eacute;d characters like Stand By Me, Welcome Back Kotter, Stand and Deliver, or whatever teen movie they were pulled from so she can work towards getting her GED. The class is led by Miss Blu Rain, an attractive light skinned woman and one of many light skinned/white saviors featured prominently in this movie. We're also introduced to Ms. Weiss, a haggard welfare caseworker, another light/white savior. While getting ready for her first day at her new school, Precious sees herself as a skinny blonde white girl. (A pitiful attempt at symbolizing her self-hate) Shawn wanted to see about getting a refund for his movie ticket but didn't want drama. So he endured another hour and a half of nonsense, including a visual of Precious and Mom in a scene from an Italian movie she's watching on PBS one night.<br /><br />As her fellow students help Precious on the road towards literacy, and a healthy pregnancy, Problems pile up on ol' perpetual victim Precious. In between fights, guys dissing her and tripping her up, Her mom yelling at her for not cooking the pig feet and Macaroni and cheese right, Mary and Precious and her grandmother try to pull a fast one on welfare case worker which makes home visits. There we meet Mongol, Precious' daughter born with Down Syndrome that stays with her grandmother so she can keep the welfare duckets rolling in.<br />But wait a minute there's a BIG PLOTHOLE HERE. Wouldn't Mary want Precious to keep Mongol and take care of her herself instead of parceling her off to grammy? SSI (Supplemental Security Income) paid $400 a month for kids with disabilities back then. And SSI checks (paid for by Social Security, a branch of the Federal government) don't count towards income on welfare cases. Also, being a parent or guardian to kids with disabilities entitles parents (and relatives) to qualify for a Section 8 voucher (another federal program) and Section 8 housing. But Mary must be one of those illiterate Welfare queens who is SMART ENOUGH TO MANIPULATE CASE WORKERS for a STATE WELFARE CHECK but DOESN'T KNOW HOW TO MILK THE FEDERAL SYSTEM FOR SOCIAL SECURITY BENEFITS.<br /><br />Oh yeah, and welfare case workers didn't make home visits back then. I grew up on welfare back in the 80's as a kid in New York City and Case workers NEVER came for home visits (TOO DANGEROUS). Every visit to welfare offices in the 1980s was face-to-face at the HRA office (sat in many a waiting room during my childhood).<br /><br />After the welfare mess is settled, the movie lightens up as precious steals some chicken, (Even though this would have been nigh impossible due to all the INCH THICK BULLETPROOF GLASS in eating establishments back then in the South Bronx and Harlem Plus customers placed their orders and paid FIRST.) Enjoying her snack, precious soon gets sick, and pukes, then off to class where the labor pains kick in. We meet Precious' dream man and the Sweathogs rally behind their classmate for some happy times.<br /><br />After Abdul is born and Precious leaves the confines of the hospital and her light skinned dream man orderly, Mary welcomes her grandson home by slamming the baby to the floor and attacking Precious in a violent assault which climaxes with Mary throwing her color TV five stories down and missing her by an inch. Precious then breaks into Each one teach one with her baby and the movie starts falling apart. After a struggle with City services, (no help) Miss Rain allows the now homeless Precious to stay with her. It's here that we find out Miss Rain's a lesbian (not that this has any relevance to the plot, other than to reflect Sapphire's and Mr. Daniels sexual orientation.) Big deal.<br /><br />Soon after Precious finds temporary shelter at a halfway house, we get some mumbo jumbo about workfare (which actually didn't start until 1988) and home health aide training for a minimum wage job that could stop Precious from achieving her GED, but none of this is developed or explored. This all reaches a climax as Precious is told in the halfway house by her mother that her daddy has died of AIDS and she should get tested. Soon after that we learn Precious has HIV as well. It's not soon after this that Precious reveals things to Miss Weiss (but not before stealing her case file, and reads what's in it with her each one teach one buddies.)<br /><br />A few months later (Again, hard to tell due to the choppy transitions in this movie) in the social service office the empowered Precious who can now read and write at an eighth grade level has a confrontation with her mother where mom breaks down and confesses to all the abuse Precious has endured. Giving up once confronted by the White establishment, she hands her back Mongol and Precious goes off with her kids and we're supposed to believe she has hope for a brighter future.<br /><br />I mean seriously WTF? WHERE'S THE HOPE? HIV IN 1987 is a DEATH SENTENCE. AZT which was STILL IN CLINICAL TRIALS hasn't been RELEASED TO THE PUBLIC YET. (It was released in 1990 for prescriptions). THE DIVISION OF AIDS SERVICES IN NYC HASN'T BEEN ESTABLISHED YET. In reality, due to the lack of financial resources, medical resources and medical technology back then, po' Precious would have GOTTEN FULL BLOWN AIDS AND DIED in 1988 or 1989 and her kids would wind up WARDS OF THE STATE or BACK WITH MARY WHO WOULD HAVE MILKED THE HELL OUT OF THOSE KIDS DISABILITES TO GET AL THE GOOD GOVERNMENT BENEFITS. And the most Precious would have gotten for all her hard work was a patch on the AIDS QUILT if Miss Rain could arrange it. (Remember that patchwork of thousands of AIDS victims unfurled every year in DC? It's currently in storage somewhere at the Smithsonian while the AIDS pandemic continues to claim victims worldwide)<br /><br />Precious isn't a deep thought-provoking film. Director Lee Daniels uses exploitative images to deflect the viewer's attention from shallow storytelling and weak character development. The viewer's emotions are so caught up watching the graphic violence, profanity, sex, and twisted behavior of the characters that they have no idea they've been swindled by a con artist.<br /><br />Precious isn't inspiring, nor does it uplift. It's an emotionally manipulative film that secretly masks a shameless cash grab by a consortium of self-hating uncle toms (Daniels, Sapphire, Fletcher) who with the aid of Oprah Winfrey and Tyler Perry seek to pander to white America and sell them the story about black life they're most comfortable with. This group of sell-outs laughed all the way to the bank at the expense of Black America; thanks to this film adding to the current trend of degrading images, a generation of brothers and sisters are now going to grow up thinking the behavior in this movie is the rule for black life and not the exception.<br /><br />What's even more dangerous than the twisted visuals within Precious are the institutionally racist themes in the undertones of the message in this movie. Underneath the false messages of love and hope, is a message that African-Americans are inferior. In Precious \\"White\\" is right; Everyone who approves of Precious is either white or light skinned and without the validation and approval of these individuals she can't overcome the odds. Dark skinned black people are seen as inhuman, savage, and violent. They only speak in profanities and act like barbarians. Without the help of the white establishment (government services) to educate blacks there's no way for Precious to become \\"civilized\\" functional person. Only when whites love and approve of Precious her can she learn to love herself. What a load of CRAP.<br /><br />Director Lee Daniels takes his self-hate to a new level of depravity surpassing the degrading images he presented to the public in Monster's Ball. In between his clumsy and inept visuals we have the same old racist stereotypes from the Antebellum South repackaged in a brand new box. We have the big illiterate who must be saved by the great white society, the fat welfare queen mammy who only speaks in a dialect of profanities, the anonymous faceless black male who is depicted as a monster but never developed as a full character, the nappy headed child who follows Precious around, and the light skinned and white heroes who teach our hero to love herself. Ideas about what black life should be like straight from the Ku Klux Klan from a black man more dangerous to African-Americans than the KKK, Skinheads, and the Aryan Nation combined. Seriously, if Daniels could get$60 million in ticket sales out of brothers and sisters and has the influence to win international acclaim for this patronizing, self-hating, anti-black propaganda, I shudder at what else he could be capable of.<br /><br />What angers me more than this movie is what transpired behind the camera. Behind the scenes, Mr. Daniels showed a lack of integrity in promoting this film. Knowing that Precious would have African-Americans seen in a negative light, he still released it at Cannes anyway as a \\"story of hope\\". That shows malice of forethought and a depraved indifference to his brothers and sisters in the black community. I truly loathe this man and everything that he stands for. With every film he makes he sets the African-American community back a century. It doesn't matter that he's hurt the future of the black community with his movies, he's got his millions right now.<br /><br />There's nothing \\"Precious\\" about this movie. It's pornography masquerading as art.<br /><br />Anyone with an iota of black pride should avoid this movie and any other Lee Daniels films. They're TOXIC.of AIDS and she should get tested. Soon after that we learn Precious has HIV as well. It's not soon after this that Precious reveals things to Miss Weiss (but not before stealing her case file, and reads what's in it with her each one teach one buddies.)    A few months later (Again, hard to tell due to the choppy transitions in this movie) in the social service office the empowered Precious who can now read and write at an eighth grade level has a confrontation with her mother where mom breaks down and confesses to all the abuse Precious has endured. Giving up once confronted by the White establishment, she hands her back Mongol and Precious goes off with her kids and we're supposed to believe she has hope for a brighter future.    I mean seriously WTF? WHERE'S THE HOPE? HIV IN 1987 is a DEATH SENTENCE. AZT which was STILL IN CLINICAL TRIALS hasn't been RELEASED TO THE PUBLIC YET. (It was released in 1990 for prescriptions). THE DIVISION OF AIDS SERVICES IN NYC HASN'T BEEN ESTABLISHED YET. In reality, due to the lack of financial resources, medical resources and medical technology back then, po' Precious would have GOTTEN FULL BLOWN AIDS AND DIED in 1988 or 1989 and her kids would wind up WARDS OF THE STATE or BACK WITH MARY WHO WOULD HAVE MILKED THE HELL OUT OF THOSE KIDS DISABILITES TO GET AL THE GOOD GOVERNMENT BENEFITS. And the most Precious would have gotten for all her hard work was a patch on the AIDS QUILT if Miss Rain could arrange it. (Remember that patchwork of thousands of AIDS victims unfurled every year in DC? It's currently in storage somewhere at the Smithsonian while the AIDS pandemic continues to claim victims worldwide)    Precious isn't a deep thought-provoking film. Director Lee Daniels uses exploitative images to deflect the viewer's attention from shallow storytelling and weak character development. The viewer's emotions are so caught up watching the graphic violence, profanity, sex, and twisted behavior of the characters that they have no idea they've been swindled by a con artist.    Precious isn't inspiring, nor does it uplift. It's an emotionally manipulative film that secretly masks a shameless cash grab by a consortium of self-hating uncle toms (Daniels, Sapphire, Fletcher) who with the aid of Oprah Winfrey and Tyler Perry seek to pander to white America and sell them the story about black life they're most comfortable with. This group of sell-outs laughed all the way to the bank at the expense of Black America; thanks to this film adding to the current trend of degrading images, a generation of brothers and sisters are now going to grow up thinking the behavior in this movie is the rule for black life and not the exception.    What's even more dangerous than the twisted visuals within Precious are the institutionally racist themes in the undertones of the message in this movie. Underneath the false messages of love and hope, is a message that African-Americans are inferior. In Precious \\"White\\" is right; Everyone who approves of Precious is either white or light skinned and without the validation and approval of these individuals she can't overcome the odds. Dark skinned black people are seen as inhuman, savage, and violent. They only speak in profanities and act like barbarians. Without the help of the white establishment (government services) to educate blacks there's no way for Precious to become \\"civilized\\" functional person. Only when whites love and approve of Precious her can she learn to love herself. What a load of CRAP.    Director Lee Daniels takes his self-hate to a new level of depravity surpassing the degrading images he presented to the public in Monster's Ball. In between his clumsy and inept visuals we have the same old racist stereotypes from the Antebellum South repackaged in a brand new box. We have the big illiterate who must be saved by the great white society, the fat welfare queen mammy who only speaks in a dialect of profanities, the anonymous faceless black male who is depicted as a monster but never developed as a full character, the nappy headed child who follows Precious around, and the light skinned and white heroes who teach our hero to love herself. Ideas about what black life should be like straight from the Ku Klux Klan from a black man more dangerous to African-Americans than the KKK, Skinheads, and the Aryan Nation combined. Seriously, if Daniels could get$60 million in ticket sales out of brothers and sisters and has the influence to win international acclaim for this patronizing, self-hating, anti-black propaganda, I shudder at what else he could be capable of.    What angers me more than this movie is what transpired behind the camera. Behind the scenes, Mr. Daniels showed a lack of integrity in promoting this film. Knowing that Precious would have African-Americans seen in a negative light, he still released it at Cannes anyway as a \\"story of hope\\". That shows malice of forethought and a depraved indifference to his brothers and sisters in the black community. I truly loathe this man and everything that he stands for. With every film he makes he sets the African-American community back a century. It doesn't matter that he's hurt the future of the black community with his movies, he's got his millions right now.    There's nothing \\"Precious\\" about this movie. It's pornography masquerading as art.    Anyone with an iota of black pride should avoid this movie and any other Lee Daniels films. They're TOXIC.
B00142X56Y|3.0|The audio and video quality were both good, but the performers were lacking in charisma. The singing was fine and the orchestra was good but not great and the costumes were poor. The acting and staging were both disappointing and the overall experience was forgettable.
B003405MF6|5.0|This one took a while, but slowly but surely it has gotten under my skin and now I can't get it out of my head. His other recent albums from the past decade--\\"You Had It Coming,\\" \\"Jeff,\\" and \\"Live at Ronnie Scott's\\"--are, to my mind, some of the most brilliant rock recordings of the past decade (or any decade, for that matter), and I was expecting more of the same. But this one is definitely something different: much more focus on his lyrical side, with a fair amount of lush orchestration throughout. So you have to be willing to open your ears and give it time to soak in. But once it does, you'll realize that what you're hearing is, in fact, one of the outstanding musicians of our time--in any genre.
B002WY65VU|2.0|Watching Zombieland (2009) for the first time on DVD recently reminded me how tenuous the sub genre of horror comedy can be.<br />While it seems ever more difficult to craft a horror movie that is actually scary and a comedy that is actually funny, some filmmakers willingly set themselves the task of combining the two opposing genres. In the case of Zombieland, though successful in box office terms, it fails as a sub genre candidate. It's really just a comedy with some outrageously gory FX, which are played as sight gags rather than shock moments. In my opinion, a successful horror comedy should be just that, the horror before the comedy.  Some of the best horror films have often incorporated humour to ballast the terror. In many ways the throwing of the girl into the river by Frankenstein's monster had a degree of humour to it (it's sequel Bride Of Frankenstein (1935) may well be the first ever horror comedy) and films like Steven Spielberg's Poltergeist (1982) and Joe Dante's The Howling (1981) are punctuated with humour threw out, the later more darkly so. The same could be said for any number of stalwarts of the horror genre. An American Werewolf In London (1981), Re-Animator (1985), Piranha (1978), Fright Night (1985), Gremlins (1984) and Critters (1986) are just some that use the push-pull of horror and comedy, some weighted to one side more than the other. However none of this films forgot to be scary, even the more innocuous (dare I say cute) examples like Gremlins and its inferior doppelganger Critters, both had death, blood and an overwhelmingly multiplying menace.<br />Perhaps Ghostbusters (1984) could be branded as the sub genre's greatest success. I don't think anyone would find Ghostbusters sitting in the horror section of their local video store (if you still go to one), it's definitely a comedy, but in a couple of scenes, we are reminded of the `evil' our heroes are up against. The scene in which Sigourney Weaver's character is abducted, demon claws ripping from her couch, hell hound drooling at the ready, is definitely not played for laughs. There is a certain air of doom in Ghostbusters. While the characters deliver comic dialogue, we understand that the ghosts they are busting are nasty and that the events are spiralling towards some kind of apocalypse. The point being, the film is serious and scary when it needs to be, something Zombieland and many others didn't quite grasp. *SPOILER* Ironically Bill Murray makes a cameo in Zombieland, and the characters actually watch Ghostbusters, as if saying, \\"Hey, we love that movie and this is our version of it\\". Frankly, they have nothing in common and Bill Murray looks pained for the short scene he appears.from her couch, hell hound drooling at the ready, is definitely not played for laughs. There is a certain air of doom in Ghostbusters. While the characters deliver comic dialogue, we understand that the ghosts they are busting are nasty and that the events are spiralling towards some kind of apocalypse. The point being, the film is serious and scary when it needs to be, something Zombieland and many others didn't quite grasp. *SPOILER* Ironically Bill Murray makes a cameo in Zombieland, and the characters actually watch Ghostbusters, as if saying, \\"Hey, we love that movie and this is our version of it\\". Frankly, they have nothing in common and Bill Murray looks pained for the short scene he appears.
B002KQ6BT6|4.0|i really liked this book if you liked his other books you will like this one.. i didnt want to put it down(connecticut)
B000T9OP7G|5.0|Terminator:SCC is, in my opinion, one of the better parts of the Terminator franchise. Instead of just bits and pieces of his life, we get to see John Connor trying his best to have a semi-normal teen experience, while his mother Sarah tries to prepare him for what's to come. He also gets the ultimate gift from his future self, in the form of a reprogrammed terminator protector whose human disguise happens to be a hot girl his own age.     It's got just the right mix of family dynamics, action, and suspense, all mixed in with a good dose of evil robots from the future.  Not all events are going to line up with all the movies, but that's to be expected in a franchise whose whole premise is 2 factions trying to change the future.
B0034DBRFC|5.0|One of Belinda's top albums as far as I'm concerned.  Bonus tracks and bonus DVD make this a great package!  Belinda fans should get.
B0017IKR7K|5.0|I love Brad Paisley so naturally I adore all his albums and for good reason too.Because the man is simply brilliant!!He always makes an amazing album.<br />5th Gear includes 4 no.1 hits with the extremely witty uptempos Ticks,Online and I'm Still A Guy(a very funny reference between men & women-so true)and the reflective ballad Letter To Me,You can so relate to this song.<br />Other gems is the superb electric guitar filled ballad It Did and the cracking bluegrass themed song Mr.Policeman.Brad and his band really let loose on this one.Plus the Grammy winning instrumental Throttleneck and the gorgeous gospel song When We All Get To Heaven ends this excellent collection of songs just nicely.<br />There's a reason why this album was no.1 in the country charts for 6 weeks and why he's one of the biggest artist's in country music...
B002ZG97RY|5.0|\\"Green Zone\\" is an exciting, realistic movie with a plausible 'what if' scenario based upon the search for Weapons of Mass Destruction immediately following the start of the Iraqi War. The story follows the efforts of Army Chief Warrant Officer Roy Miller (Matt Damon) and his team as they go from one WMD site to the next without success. After the third site, at which soldiers in the combat unit providing cover for the WMD Team get wounded, Chief Miller questions Command about the validity of his team's WMD intel and the WMD intel source. At the same time, a local approaches Chief Miller with information about the location of one of Saddam's top generals. \\"Green Zone\\" then offers a 'what if' scenario that takes responsibility and blame for the Iraqi War away from President Bush/the Bush Administration and ties it to an ambitious Middle East bureaucrat--and Washington liaison--played by Greg Kinnear. The rest of the film is an exhilarating and deadly two-way race at night through the Baghdad streets by Chief Miller (helped by a C.I.A. Official) and a Special Forces officer (under direction of the Greg Kinnear character) to find the Iraqi General. Chief Miller's orders are to bring the General in alive for questioning, and the Special Forces officer has been ordered to kill the General. There is a twist in the film which I won't spoil, except to say I didn't see it coming, but I should have.     The unfortunate fact is that \\"Green Zone,\\" one of the best and most realistic 'soldier' films I've seen in a long time, was undermined by ignorant people who assumed the film would be nothing but 'Bush Bashing' and propaganda. The film is neither, and it plays fair. The only soap box related to the film is the one used by flag-waving patriots--people who had no intention of ever seeing the film, but wanted to make sure no one else saw it either--prior to its opening. They labeled the film 'Leftest Propaganda' and 'America Bashing,' which the film certainly isn't, and accused Matt Damon of pushing his personal 'political views' down the throats of 'real' Americans. The only thing Matt Damon 'pushed' in \\"Green Zone\\" was one of the best performances of his career--that no one bothered to see.     The lone consolation for the talented actors and service men involved in the film (yes, actual Iraqi veterans made up Matt Damon's unit in the film) is that people who rent or buy the DVD will realize (too late) how they were duped by raving, flag waving soap box thumpers.
B000MRAAJM|5.0|After doing a lot of research, I decided to buy this on Amazon.co.uk . I looked into it after reading some of the comments here from people who did the same, however they didn't give all the information I was looking for. So here is my comment:    Amazon.co.uk has this exact series for 17.93 Pounds but when I checked out they charged 15.26 Pounds. To add it all up, with price of item, shipping charges (to NJ), currency conversion, my Amazon Visa charging me 3% for currency exchange fee, I paid a total of $28.27 in US dollars for this DVD BluRay series. The only difference is that their version has 5 discs. The item arrived in one week via Royal Mail. I don't know if the UK version has more footage on the 5 discs but it says runtime of 550 min.    If you decide to buy it from the UK, make sure you buy the \\"All Regions\\" format. They sell both PAL version (which only plays in Europe and will not play in your BluRay)and they also sell All Regions version. You can find this info on the Product Details section (scroll down) on the page for the item. In the UK as well as some US reviews it also stated that it's in 1080p which is NOT true. The series is in 1080i. It says it on the back of the box. In any case, the picture is beautiful and you will not be disappointed. It plays on my cheap Blu-ray player that has no special features and I view it on my 46\\" 1080p LED TV. You can read the other reviews about the picture quality and the footage. They're all true so I won't go into details about it.     Note: Before you buy from the UK, call your credit card and find out what percentage they charge for currency exchange fees so you won't be surprised later. Like I said, Amazon Visa charged me 3% (at least that's what they told me but when I got my bill there wasn't any extra charges. Maybe Amazon includes it with the purchase total), and my AmEx wanted to charge me 2.7%.      I'm a little disappointed in amazon.com (US) for charging $50 when you can buy it from the UK for just about half the price. Sometimes you have to do some extra research. I hope this review helped.
B003BKF696|5.0|I go back to 2003's Sad Songs for Dirty Lovers in my admiration for this Great American Band. The track \\"90-Mile Water Wall\\" alone moved this band upward in my stack of ridiculously-copious buying binge of cd's (and that song remains to this day in my all-time-favorite Top 10 Ever). Then came 2005's Alligator. Holy Moly!! And yeah, I went back and caught up with the album Cherry Tree. AND THEN-- and then came their high-water mark in 2007 with \\"Boxer\\"! I couldn't believe these guys weren't common knowledge, household names (off my big-word-of-mouth alone and burning tracks for family friends neighbors strangers). And yes, I knew \\"Boxer\\" would be hard to match; so yes, I was prepared for a little disappointment.<br />I pre-ordered my copy of \\"High Violet\\" and counted the days til arrival. On the first couple of listens I was 'hey, wait a minute here'. This is not MY The National. Matt Berninger vocals were not front-and-center here, but a tad more mumbled and in equality with the instruments. And was that a chorus?! Had The National ever incorporated a chorus of backing vocals to this extreme?<br />After maybe 5 straight listens I pulled the cd from my player and went on to my next anticipated purchases (Band of Horses and Horse Feathers). But the songs that kept floating to the surface of my no-music workdays were from \\"High Violet\\". And I read a review from Paste magazine and, taking their advice, I began re-listening but starting with track 3 \\"Anyone's Ghost\\". A new album emerged. I'm not saying that the first 2 tracks are throw-aways because they're not. \\"Anyone's Ghost\\" was my early favorite.<br />Today and the past week I've become entangled in track 5 \\"Afraid of Everyone\\". Originally this was a song I mentally bypassed as it played. And that was because it was dense and intense, complex and layered. I began to ingest it in bits and pieces. The rest of the world can curl up and fade away, come to a standstill now when this track plays. And Sufjan Stevens contribution adds to the absorbing mystery. Now the album start to finish is the only thing I've been able to listen to although I know I need to 'move on'.<br />Still here are the trademark Berninger lyrics: sharp wit; dark and sad yet with a backhand of sly humor blink-and-you've-missed-it. Still here are the sets of brothers' great chops (and the drums! this time out!!). Still here are the horns and the strings, beautiful and elevating.<br />The juggling act that bands must perform is this: stay true to their original sound and be accused of \\"not growing\\". Grow and be accused of \\"forgetting their roots\\". The National's \\"High Violet\\" stradles and juggles this conundrum to perfection. Sorry I ever doubted this amazing cast of characters.<br />In parting: \\"I'll have my head in the oven so you'll know where I'll be.\\" Da-amn!<br /><br />In addition (AN UPDATE): recently saw these guys in a small venue in Tulsa. So glad I didn't see them on a big stage. Because Matt Berninger was out of control, in the best & craziest of ways, out in the crowd.. That experience cemented these guys as MY BAND. The audience was reverent & so into the band/music... cause normally you go to a concert & the crowd only gets excited on the radio hits. The audience this time knew the words to every song. EVERY song. We were whipped into a frenzy from Song 1. And they never let up. Such a good thing to be a part of. Thanks The National. I love you all the more.
B002SQ364Q|3.0|Based on a true story, Taking Woodstock follows the story of Elliot Tiechberg (Demetri Martin), who helps his parents (Imelda Staunton and Henry Goodman) with their failing motel in the Catskills. Out of money as he's fueled it into the motel to keep it running, he finds an opportunity in bringing Woodstock to the Catskills after it's been kicked out of it's original home, and a deal for it to appear in a neighboring town falls through. Faced with opposition, Elliot procedes to bring Woodstock to the Catskills, an opportunity that changes his life, and his relationship with his parents.     Ang Lee, as well as his frequent collaborator James Schamus, have carved out a niche for themselves creating art house dramas based on around the central theme of outsiders trying to find their place in a world that's constantly changing around them. To be honest, I have never been a big fan of Lee's, from Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon to Hulk to Brokeback Mountain I've always found him to be slightly overrated even if he does pull great performances from his actors. From the first previews of Taking Woodstock I have to say that I wondered whether his newest film would be the one to turn me around.    Honestly, I have to say that I have to say that I really enjoyed Lee's newest film. Now don't get me wrong, even with Brokeback Mountain I didn't find myself impressed, but it was not because of the \\"message\\" of the film, I just felt that the story of a forbidden relationship in the midst of changing and turbulent times has been done before and has been done better. With his other films, I just found them lacking, but with this one it felt a little closer to home than what I'm used to from Lee. The typical problem with Lee is that the issue in his movies is a bit bigger than people seem to realize that their problems actually are. In this case though, the comedy alleviates the issues and actually allows you to feel with the issues of the movie.    Another thing that really adds tothis movie is the acting. No one really stands out, everyone just fits in their posts. Demetri Martin, best known currently running Comedy Central show delivers a very understated performance as Elliot, as does Eugene Levy in the role of Max Yasgur, the man who allows Woodstock to play on his land. Once again, Liev Schreiber dons drag for his role in this film as he did in Mixed Nuts (and steals the movie in drag as he did in Mixed Nuts as well). But one of the great things here is the fact that no one really stands out, everyone shines or blends together.    Honestly, though, and this is awkward for a Lee film, this flick begins to feel a little scattered. The first act is fairly tight, but as time goes on the film begins to feel less taut. But the third act it seems to unravel, not just in the form of the characters lives unraveling, but because the film itself unraveling. One particular instance of this is a subplot that reveals Elliot is gay, but it is never spoken. I would typically not argue about this if a film made it clear, but it's never truly mentioned in the film, you just catch a moment where Elliot makes out with a woman then a man and then later on in the film he wakes up with a man in bed with him. In my opinion it really just seems that Elliot is bi-sexual in the film, but in life the real Elliot is a homosexual. It would seem to me that the film should have done a better job of portraying him as so, as well as portraying other things throughout the film.     All in all, I enjoyed this film. It's not a great film, but it's not a horrible film either. If you're interested in Woodstock, and what went on behind the scenes rather than just the concert itself and how lives were affected I highly recommend this film. If you're looking for films in the vein of other Ang Lee movies this might not be the film for you though overall. Either way I recommend you at least give it a try, in my honest opinion it's a lot of fun.    3/5
B002SF9YNO|5.0|Departures, the 2009 Best Foreign Film is a Japanese film with grace, beauty, tradition, music and humor. The film won numerous other awards.<br /><br />Nokanshi (encoffineer) is the process of preparing bodies for their final departure.  A process is done poetically, spiritually and gracefully, all in view of the grieving family.  On top of that, the 2 hour film's classical score is beautiful and it coincides with the lush and sweeping landscapes.  It is about life and death, whether it is nurturing plantlife in the office, life inside a womb, to friendship in life, grieving for the departed or the beauty of life's next step, death.<br /><br />Mashairo Motoki stars as Daigo Kobayashi who lost his job as a celloist/cellist  with the orchestra and unwittingly lands a job to prepare the bodies.  Completely surprised, sickened, inexperienced, he puts his best forward, while his wife seems the job is dirty and leaves him.  He is ridiculed for taking on such a job.<br /><br />He begins to feel good about his job, has confidence, and is totally immersed in it.  There is humor but with dignity.  Daigo sees the different grieving emotions while he prepares the bodies.  And, we learn about his relationship with his father, the bitterness, who left when he was young.  And the ending is simply a life changing moment.  The film focuses on friendship, work, life, death, humanity and the journey for the departed.<br /><br />This is a film that the family can enjoy, feel and learn from.<br /><br />If you enjoy the music, check out the soundtrack [[ASIN:B002DPH95Y Departures]]..... Rizzo
B000066SBB|5.0|I'm going to see Aretha next month & wanted to \\"brush up\\" on her music. This CD rocks! I love all of her classics & am looking forward to seeing her in person. An awesome value too.
B000V86OKG|4.0|I just completed Season 2 and you can read my review of Season 1 (5 stars) and pretty much nothing has changed.  Dexter (show and character) is/are still compelling to watch and Hall's acting is amazing.  The things I nit-picked at from Season 1 (Dex's sister being annoying and supposedly \\"hot\\", etc.) are still there and although she may be a better actress this go around she is still as annoying.  The new character Lila starts off interesting but my frustration with her seemed to be commensurate with Dexter's as the show crept on.  However overall, it still captured my attention and I finished the series pretty quickly and am looking forward to Season 3.     So, why only 4 stars?  Well, without giving any spoilers, let's just say I could sum up the whole series in one normal sized paragraph.  I know what your thinking...Anyone can do that, right?  (LOTR) \\"Fellowship is formed to destroy ring, party faces many tribulations before ultimately suceeding...Good triumphs over evil\\"  Well, anyone that read the book (or saw the movies) knows there is a lot more to it than that.  I could sum up Series 2 in one paragraph and you wouldn't have missed much.  I know, I know, it's about the journey, not the destination but it was like a trip from L.A to Vegas...didn't take that long, not much happened on the way, and although it was pretty fun once you got there, you still came home 30 bucks lighter. (I wish I only lost 30 in Vegas...)    However, I can't wait to go back!
0140120416|5.0|I cannot recommend this book highly enough. I've been learning Russian independently for about a year now, and I bought this book along with a college textbook being used at a local university. Amazingly, even though this book is far less expensive, I consider it superior to that textbook as well as other Russian textbooks I've seen.    This book is great for the self-learner because it has many exercises and examples throughout, and everything is explained in a logical manner. Also, unlike most college textbooks, all of the solutions are in the back, so you can check and correct your answers (presumably you are buying this book to learn Russian and not to pass the class, so I'm sure there's little motivation to simply copy the answers to complete an assignment). The exercises directly relate to the associated lesson, and you'll be amazed at how much you'll learn after completing a lesson, as you'll be able to understand passages that were once unreadable to you.    Be warned that the book is deceptively thin. You might look at the book, which is smaller than most textbooks, and figure that it's light on information. Trust me, it's not. Although on the outside it looks like a beach-read paperback novel that you'll be able to get through in a day or even a week, each page is packed with information, and you'll have to spend a lot of time on many lessons before these concepts sink in. Russian of course is a difficult language for a native English speaker, so don't expect to fly through this book.    You shouldn't use this as your only resource if you are learning Russian. The biggest downside to this book is that it won't help your listening or your speaking (understandably, since it has no audio). You'll need to find another resource to work on these areas. Do not neglect this! I made the mistake of ignoring listening and speaking for the first few months, and I ran into an odd situation with a native speaker where I was able to read and write a few simply things inRussian but found it almost impossible to understand a single word or pronounce anything correctly (very embarrassing). In addition, you'll need to do a fair amount of studying and memorizing outside of the lessons. I found that I would learn words and grammar rules but then \\"forget\\" them after a few days or a few weeks. A lot of the grammar and declensions simply have to be drilled and memorized by brute force. Hey, nobody said Russian was easy.    In short, this is an absolutely fantastic resource for a beginner who wants to learn to read and write in Russian. It is well worth the price. Get it, and you will not be disappointed.    Udachi Vam!
1556438850|5.0|This masterfully crafted and beautifully designed book is the most comprehensive text written on yoga wince B.K.S. Iyengar's Light on Yoga was published in 1966.  It's also practical and resourceful, for beginning and experienced teachers.  But unlike Iyengar, the Indian master, Mark Stephens writes as an American yogi steeped in Western culture yet completely absorbed in the wisdom of the East.  This is also a work of scholarship, a rarity in a world of yoga long on bold assertions and short on evidence, careful reasoning, and even simple references.  This books contains hundreds of insights into teaching and doing yoga.  The author presents a well-balanced perspective on scores of topics, then encurages the reader to thnk on his or her own.  This is a truly outstanding book on yoga that will become part of every yogi's library.
B001QERPDO|5.0|The talent is literally dripping off these guys.  This is the album Maroon 5 could have made last year but didn't.  If you aren't familiar with The Script, you're in for a real surprise.
B000002BYA|4.0|At 61:28 minutes, this CD contains more music than only 45 minutes of the Greatest Hits, but not even close to the wealth of The Essential Stevie Ray Vaughan and Double Trouble on two (2) CD. It does not mean that it is not good, but only that it is not very long.
B00004YZFR|5.0|This film captures the Rolling Stones at their performing apex. They were never better than they were in 1969. The Beatles were in decline. The Stones had a juggernaut career arch happening - Beggar's Banquet, Let It Bleed, Sticky Fingers, Exile on Main Street. Add to that a couple of seminal 45 rpm singles - Jumpin' Jack Flash, Honky Tonk Women. You catch the drift. A force of nature unleashed on an American landscape still heady from the peace, love, and 500,000 people not killing each other at Woodstock despite mud, rain, minimal food and limited toilets.     The road to Altamont is paved with good intentions. Blake said ditto about the road to Hell. It builds, and builds, and builds. Melvin Belli negotiates. Deals are made and unmade. Nothing is going to stop this show.    The people are coming. Walking down the highway. Leaving the cars. Carrying blankets and jugs. Just like Woodstock. To quote Joni Mitchell from a song about another festival, \\"Well can I walk beside you/I have come here to lose the smog/And I feel in myself a cog in somethin' turnin'.\\"    This time the cog was the end of innocence. The beginning of the Days of Rage. Kent State. The very ugly 1970's.     It accelerates. Jefferson Airplane begin with their signature opening \\"Other Side of This Life.\\" It derails. The band is pointing. Marty Balin jumps off the stage and disappears. More chatter. Grace Slick impotently urges \\"Easy now, easy now.\\" At this point in her career Grace is an icon, a superstar, and there's only a couple or people bigger - like maybe Mick Jagger? Marty's been clobbered by a Hell's Angels. The home team. The very people Jefferson Airplane suggested be the security force for this show.    \\"Angels beating musicians?\\" Phil Lesh of the Grateful Dead says, not believing. All is not good at the Altamont Speedway. Uglier in its own way than Max Yasgur's cow farm could ever be, even with three days of rain and calf-high mud.    By the time the Stones take the stage, it's a swirling mass of insanity more fitting a Bosch painting than a rock & roll show. Mick takes the stage. He's prancing. He's preening. He's doing the stuff you've already seen work all across America. But now there's a very high, very psychotic Hell's Angel looking at him seething.     Keith Richards sees what's going on. He stops playing. He's pointing. He's getting as angry as Marty Balin. Jagger bleats, \\"Who's fighting? And what for?\\" He sounds just like Bette Davis in \\"What Ever Happened To Baby Jane.\\" Impotent.    From there it escalates to tragedy. Jagger watches it from a safe control booth, in slow motion. He gets up after seeing what he's seen. His face is impassive.     Not the best ROCK film ever made. It's the best DOCUMENTARY ever made. With some great rock and roll performances. Despite what decade you were born, nor what music you like to hear, you need to see \\"Gimme Shelter.\\" Blood curdling to this day. \\"The Road to Hell is paved with good intentions.\\" - William Blake
B002VPE1B6|5.0|Thought this was a great deal both versions for a very good price and received quickly
B001HN694K|3.0|Another reviewer described this film as 'a cloyingly formulaic, Victorian feminist, coming-of-age wish-fulfillment.' Yep, that's about right. Just another \\"ooh, look at how liberated this girl is\\" kind of movie. But still I enjoyed it. Why, well not the story which is pretty stupid. You can read other summaries here so I won't repeat them.     What I really liked were the actors. This Mia Wasikowska girl is beautiful and quite cute in this film. I hope she does more movies. Johnny Depp isn't allowed to monopolize the screen (think of every Jim Carrey fiasco) and turn it into a film all about himself and so he is a great addition here and he does a good Mad Hatter. He recites the Jabberwocky poem. I loved it. Very, very well done.    Helena Bonham Carter (christ was a long name) is very good. Actually her arrogant malevolence is right on and was probably patterned after real life female politicians like Hilary Clinton and Nancy Pelosi. Pretty scary.    There are no Negroes in this entire movie. How excellent to see a film which doesn't succumb to the 'we need to put a Negro in the movie regardless' template.    The upshot for this movie is I would definitely recommend it for anyone who likes a nice little film with very likeable characters, great animation effects and nothing else.    But if you're expecting American McGee's Alice this isn't it.
B000002NJS|5.0|.....actually, in my humble opinion, Madonna became an album artist with the brilliant \\"Erotica\\" (possibly even before with \\"Like A Prayer\\")......it infuriates me when folks who grew up with Madge and her hit singles period fail to appreciate her latter work, never understanding that, like all true recording artists in it for the long run (hint....\\"long run\\", get it Mariah, Beyonce, Christina, Britney(!!!) and all the other screaming/hip-hop/rap-crap out there in today's quite sad pop music landscape), she learned to express herself fully with the mature & oh-so-fading-quickly \\"long-playing-album\\"......just listen to her music and the incredible path since the late 80's.....EROTICA....BEDTIME STORIES....RAY OF LIGHT.....MUSIC...AMERICAN LIFE(so terribly underrated!)....CONFESSIONS ON A DANCE FLOOR......and possibly best of all \\"HARD CANDY\\"......Ray Of Light hit with a major impact back in 1998.....solid Techno/Euro/Dance foundation which Madonna always had but here made all the more brilliant with Orbit's influence......vocally sounding light years away from the light & fun \\"boy toy\\" timbre of her early recordings (also vocally outstanding in EVITA but that's an entirely different world)......just re-listening to ROL today in our vastly different world of 2010 and it holds up magnificently after not hearing it for sometime......I knew this woman was in it for the long run when I first saw her perform \\"Like A Virgin\\".......and looking forward to more new music hopefully soon.<br /><br />Luigi ~ nyc
B000FFJYCU|5.0|As simply stated in the title, Grand Prix should be on your dvd shelf right next to Gone in 60 Seconds (old and new), The Italian Job (again, old and new), Bullitt, Le Mans, etc.  A wonderful period film, with footage that only makes me wish I was born 40 years earlier.  Great movie!
B002ZG9788|2.0|Indeed, it was quite the misadventure. So I saw Clash of the Titans, with the full knowledge that the movie was likely to be absolutely atrocious in every conceivable way, save perhaps in the special effects department. I am pleased to note that it was indeed thoroughly awful, but amusingly so.    Might as well get the effects concessions out of the way. They were very nice and I did like the degree of creature detail involved, especially on Medusa. She was pretty awesome. I especially liked the degree of sound detailing in her scenes. The Kraken was merely all right in this regard. In case this matters to someone, I saw it in 2D.    As I expected, they took the original myth away into a back room and then beat it senseless. There is a thin plot between all the action/effects scenes and it wouldn't be half bad if the action slowed down a bit so that there could be more than a superfluous plot.     Right, so concerning the bit of plot that was there... It seems strange to say this, but I felt that the cast of supporting characters could have been halved and still have the main players for this particular installment of  the Hero's Journey. The time spent with Perseus's adoptive family was nice and certainly worked as an effective, if somewhat overused, motive for him to go rescue Andromeda from the Kraken. However, the troupe that accompanies Perseus to find a way to kill the kraken could have been reduced to Io and the older soldier (whose name escapes me and the IMDB isn't helping). In any case, the attempts to render all of the barely memorable monster fodder in more than one dimension seemed like an afterthought, something to fill the gap between action scenes. Most of the developmental dialog for Perseus happened around Io and the older gent anyway.    There's an attempt to tack on some angst to Perseus with a somewhat atheist mindset, but it really seems a little silly when one of those deities is a parent. It was absurd to the point of being laughable. Perseuswould shout \\"I'm NORMAL!!\\" and everyone else would kick him or give him a magic sword and say \\"Demigod does not equal normal. Now go kill the Kraken.\\" I thought it was snicker worthy. Although, one has to admit, Sam Worthington does have the legs to look good in a short tunic.    Of the damsel in distress, while the attempt at deeper characterization was noted, it needed more lead in to work better with the story and  make a few of the scenes at the end of the movie have a better impact. She's portrayed as a philanthropist. Nothing particularly interesting, but what can one expect out of an action flick?    One thing that really ticked me off was a tweak with the original myth, but I'll mention it anyway: Hades as the villain instead of Poseidon. It ticks me off to no end, because of all the Olympians Hades was one of the calm, reasonable, less-of-a-jerk deities. Maybe someone wanted to draw parallels to God and the Devil (unlikely) or maybe someone thought that Hades was an awesome villain in the Disney flick Hercules (more likely).    Ironically, the thing that annoyed me the most actually provided the my favorite moments of the film. Liam Neeson as Zeus and Ralph Fiennes as Hades was quite frankly casting genius. I loved watching them play their characters very well as they futilely try to save the film from an overpowering sense of \\"I've seen this before.\\" In a sea of so-so everything else, it really stood out, enough so that I wished that more time had been spent on Olympus than in the mortal world.    Lest I forget, there is a nod to the original Clash of the Titans. It is hilarious. :D    If one is looking for an action movie with muscly men in short skirts, with bits of humor here and there, you can certainly do worse than this remake... but I'd wait for the rental.
B0019N8P2W|5.0|I've been spending the weekend with my old friend Daria and this show is just as good as I remember it. What other show would devote an entire episode to a teenage girl working on a short story? This set contains all five seasons of episodes and the two movies. One downside, no music of the 1990s. Which is a shame, but the set would probably cost $300 if they had to fork out for all those music rights. Some reviewers are very angry about this. It is not particularly upsetting to me, as I was already into my 30s when this show was on MTV, so I'm not being denied the music of my youth. The quality of the stories and the truth of the characters more than make up for the lack of music in my opinion. But if the music is important to you, you won't be happy. In many ways this show is like King of the Hill, it manages to give a truer picture of people, who they are & what they really care about than any live action show. I did see one review that complained about the quality of the transfer. This is not true at all in my case. The colors are vivid, the picture quality is fine (even on a 42 inch HD) and the sound (alas no music) is good. Love it.
0891419063|5.0|After watching HBO's THE PACIFIC, I just had to learn more about the Marines' war in the Pacific and WITH THE OLD BREED was a great place to start. Although I was a history major, my knowledge of the Pacific was sketchy at best as my Dad and others I knew fought in Europe. For example, while I'd heard of Peleliu I knew virtually nothing of the horrific fighting and conditions there - guess generals and historians aren't likely to write much about battles that probably didn't need to be fought! But for the guys on the ground the death and carnage was just as real as it was for those at more \\"decisive\\" battles. Sledge wrote history from a marine's eyes/ears/nose on the ground but with a perspective straight from the heart and conscience. History is what happens not only to the influential and famous, but, as Eugene Sledge vividly reminds us, to regular folks who get caught up in events. One of the best war history books I've ever read.
B0001WTWCO|5.0|The English Patient is a movie that you can watch over and over, The movie is long, but the time passes very quickly, it is a movie that pulls you in and when its over your are still left with being a part of it.
B0017APQ1K|3.0|I thought the movie was a good pick up. The price was right and this film is pretty good. So if you have a Ps3 or a blu-ray player and are looking for films at a low price then pick it up.
B001KOFH2G|4.0|My first encounter with Joss Whedon's amalgam of science fiction and the western genres came when a friend of mine channel surfed into the halfway point of this film and said, \\"hey, let's watch this!\\" Although he had not seen the film, he was already a fan of the ill-fated television series. I shrugged when I replied, \\"Sure, why not?\\" When the one character in particular met a particularly swift and unceremonious death my friend murmured, \\"agh...now I know why some people didn't like this movie.\\"<br /><br />As someone who ONLY encountered the movie at that time, I thought the film pretty darn shiny. That said, there were so many storylines that Joss Whedon felt compelled to bring to some sort of resolution that I do wish this would have been approached as a trilogy rather than a one-off epic culmination of the television series. It's a shame the makers of [[ASIN:B001EN71CW Firefly: The Complete Series [Blu-ray]]] basically got stabbed in the back by FOX, but the deaths of several of the key characters really painted this whole concept into a corner that it did not necessarily belong. If ever I could, I would resurrect this uniquely original concept into full-fledged trilogy that revisits [[ASIN:B0000AQS0F Firefly - The Complete Series]] in one definitive stroke!<br /><br />Again, I still really like the film and Nathan Fillion's portrayal of the reluctant hero who only wants to be left alone but is never, ever going to be left alone is one of the best of its ilk that I have ever seen. That the asset sought by the antagonist is not gold or silver, but the preservation of a terrible secret is equally compelling. And the very notion that no matter how much technology we invent, we must still tame the demons in each of our souls rings even more true with each subsequent technological advancement. Whedon came up with a damn good premise made even better by some shiny character development. If only there had been someone at FOX who understood the potential goldmine upon which they blindly sat!<br /><br />This is a film worthy of a good look on Blu-ray disc. The divide between fans who prefer the television series over the film is understandable considering the tone of the weekly show was very much space opera while the tone of the film is extremely tragic. It would be a little to odd to like one equally as the other, but I do recommend exploring both. While the video and audio quality of the Blu-ray disc of the film is impeccable, the series itself was filmed intentionally with a grainy look akin to a lot westerns. As such, you'll hit a point of diminishing returns with the Blu-ray of the series when those scenes appear.<br /><br />In the final analysis, I genuinely believe that the film is in every way superior to the short-lived, albeit brilliant, television series, but the film also establishes certain absolutes that I do wish could have been avoided.  If I had my way, I would write a trilogy that reconciles the best of the series into a worthy prequel to this film.  While the deaths of two my favorite members of the crew cast this work in a very tragic light, Whedon still tries to offer us a happy ending of sorts.  I would NOT have done that.  Once you take a walk down the dark side the way this film and something like Stanley Kubrick's [[ASIN:B0013FSXT6 Eyes Wide Shut]] does, there is no turning back.  A happy ending after that much tragedy is almost the worst thing you can do.  This is a great film for a lot of reasons, particularly when one considers the hurdles Whedon had to jump through just to make it happen, but after the horrible secret is revealed to all of mankind there are no consequences for that revelation.  Someone should have addressed that early on in the creative process, but it's a little late now.  Still, this is a very strong four star effort and one that I do recommend as much as the television series so long as all are aware of the tragic nature of this story.dly sat!     This is a film worthy of a good look on Blu-ray disc. The divide between fans who prefer the television series over the film is understandable considering the tone of the weekly show was very much space opera while the tone of the film is extremely tragic. It would be a little to odd to like one equally as the other, but I do recommend exploring both. While the video and audio quality of the Blu-ray disc of the film is impeccable, the series itself was filmed intentionally with a grainy look akin to a lot westerns. As such, you'll hit a point of diminishing returns with the Blu-ray of the series when those scenes appear.    In the final analysis, I genuinely believe that the film is in every way superior to the short-lived, albeit brilliant, television series, but the film also establishes certain absolutes that I do wish could have been avoided.  If I had my way, I would write a trilogy that reconciles the best of the series into a worthy prequel to this film.  While the deaths of two my favorite members of the crew cast this work in a very tragic light, Whedon still tries to offer us a happy ending of sorts.  I would NOT have done that.  Once you take a walk down the dark side the way this film and something like Stanley Kubrick's [[ASIN:B0013FSXT6 Eyes Wide Shut]] does, there is no turning back.  A happy ending after that much tragedy is almost the worst thing you can do.  This is a great film for a lot of reasons, particularly when one considers the hurdles Whedon had to jump through just to make it happen, but after the horrible secret is revealed to all of mankind there are no consequences for that revelation.  Someone should have addressed that early on in the creative process, but it's a little late now.  Still, this is a very strong four star effort and one that I do recommend as much as the television series so long as all are aware of the tragic nature of this story.
B0039ZF8D2|5.0|I am really enjoying this album.  I am actually surprised by all the reviews that are saying that Nas did not hold his own.  I think Nas and Damien collaborated very well on this album and I would definitely like them to do another.    Frankly, I had never heard of Damien Marley.  I bought this album because of Nas.  Now I am scooping up Damien's albums...
B003MNE5D0|5.0|Not being an expert on lady GaGa, I understand this CD contains a newly mixed collection of her old performances.     Whatever, the result comes out very balanced, harmonious & high-levelled. It's really musical high-tech supporting Lady GaGa's not-to-be-mistaken personal style. Making a great and coherent CD, I discovered 'Lady GaGa The Remix' does excellently when driving your car over a smooth highway on a long-distance ride.    Oh, and don't get distracted by the picture on the sleeve. There's no need for that, for the music on 'Lady GaGa The Remix' surely stands up in its own right.
B003F3NDWG|5.0|This has become my favorite crime drama, maybe because its so very funny.  And the network adds to the shows fun by publishing the books that Castle writes in the show and even talks about the first one in season 2.  There is also the music from one episode that was available for download as well.  And don't forget twitter.<br /><br />If you want to watch a light hearted comedy full of crimes to be solved and full of twists then Castle is for you.
B0000AQS0F|5.0|As a general rule, I avoid television like the plague.  Were one to write a two hour movie for television, it would necessarily appear in the format of a seven act play.  Would that be because the seven act play is the reference point for a quality plot structure?  No, it's because on commercial television your story is going to be interrupted six times for the purpose of selling corn flakes and underarm deoderant.  That compelling storytelling could come forth from such limitations should make anyone pause and appreciate what he or she seeing.  Such is the nature of Joss Whedon's [[ASIN:B001EN71CW Firefly: The Complete Series [Blu-ray]]].<br /><br />The unifying premise of \\"Firefly\\" appears to have its roots in the American Civil War.  Having won a very similar war for very similar reasons decisively in the final battle in the Serenity Valley, The Alliance has forcibly united the whole of humanity.  The Captain of the firefly-class cargo ship, Malcolm Reynolds, was a separatist who fought on the losing side of said war, abandoned by his allies in that very last battle.  Unwilling to pledge his undying loyalty to The Alliance, he eeks out a meager existence smuggling contraband for hire or any other job he can manage to arrange with the shadowy figures with whom he is often forced to work.  Technological wonders do exist in this future vision of mankind but, as seems always the case, one must have the means to pay for such extravagance.<br /><br />When paying jobs become scarce, then Captain Malcolm Reynolds has to make due with ferrying passengers from one place to another.  Hence the growth of his crew aside from the core members to navigate, repair, or provide brute strength so the captain can get a little shut eye in relative peace.  In a lesser series, most of these characters would provide either plucky comic relief or function mostly as an archetype to bring the focus back onto the protagonist, but here every character is a protagonist, even the anti-hero Jayne Cobb who only barely qualifies as an anti-hero early on in the story arc.  The strength of this show is a great premise coupled with fantastic character development.<br /><br />It is a real shame that FOX could not find it in their cold-eyed bean counting hearts to let this run for a season or two, especially since Joss Whedon had already proved himself with two other successful series.  The film [[ASIN:B001KOFH2G Serenity [Blu-ray]]] was forced to tie every loose end of the unfinished series together in its somewhat rushed narrative.  While I do like the film, it should have been a trilogy given all the story arcs the series initiated.  If I had it to do all over again, I would film a trilogy that renders a definitive vision of the television series, but serves as a prequel to the film funded and distributed by Universal.  There were a lot of questions left unanswered by the series.  For instance, just how and why does Malcolm Reynolds lose his faith?  This is an interaction between Mal and the Shepherd that we never got to see, but should have.  Also, what if Inara chose men with whom she would not sleep out of a love for Mal?  The virgin she is hired to bed may have needed her kindness more than her body, why not explore THAT possibility?  But these questions linger primarily because the series never got the backing it both needed and deserved.  The untapped potential of this concept remains staggering!<br /><br />As a side note, the Blu-ray of the film is fantastic!  The series was intentionally filmed for a grainy look to coincide with the western genre, so that Blu-ray will hit the point of diminishing returns when those scenes appear.  I'll get the Blu-ray of the series just out of loyalty to the cast and crew, but it is not the stellar Blu-ray that the film is.barely qualifies as an anti-hero early on in the story arc.  The strength of this show is a great premise coupled with fantastic character development.    It is a real shame that FOX could not find it in their cold-eyed bean counting hearts to let this run for a season or two, especially since Joss Whedon had already proved himself with two other successful series.  The film [[ASIN:B001KOFH2G Serenity [Blu-ray]]] was forced to tie every loose end of the unfinished series together in its somewhat rushed narrative.  While I do like the film, it should have been a trilogy given all the story arcs the series initiated.  If I had it to do all over again, I would film a trilogy that renders a definitive vision of the television series, but serves as a prequel to the film funded and distributed by Universal.  There were a lot of questions left unanswered by the series.  For instance, just how and why does Malcolm Reynolds lose his faith?  This is an interaction between Mal and the Shepherd that we never got to see, but should have.  Also, what if Inara chose men with whom she would not sleep out of a love for Mal?  The virgin she is hired to bed may have needed her kindness more than her body, why not explore THAT possibility?  But these questions linger primarily because the series never got the backing it both needed and deserved.  The untapped potential of this concept remains staggering!    As a side note, the Blu-ray of the film is fantastic!  The series was intentionally filmed for a grainy look to coincide with the western genre, so that Blu-ray will hit the point of diminishing returns when those scenes appear.  I'll get the Blu-ray of the series just out of loyalty to the cast and crew, but it is not the stellar Blu-ray that the film is.
0385523904|5.0|This book is simply fascinating from how different life is when you don't have your freedom. Managing to survive with so little and finding an out from the communist world, you find yourself grateful for whatever life you have now.
B003LWN8F8|5.0|I have only been following Marina this year.  Stunning video I am not a robot as well as Hollywood.  Her self taught vocal style put her in a league of her own.  Felt it only right to buy what I love so much.
B0034JKZ86|4.0|My daughter likes this movie.  I personally think its a good movie, but doesn't live up to other Disney movies like Beauty and the Best, Aladdin, or The Little Mermaid.<br />However for everyone's sanity we need a variety of princess movies.  Ok, maybe just for mine.  I can only take the Little Mermaid so many times, so I am grateful for another movie we can watch.<br />With many other Disney greats things stand out, songs, scenes, characters, but nothing really stood out for me after seeing this.<br />Overall a good solid movie.  My 5 year old has no problem sitting through the movie.
B00168OIOE|5.0|This is classic Pixar.  The first time I saw this movie I was not completely impressed.  Sure it was fun but I wasn't pulled in like I was for Toy Story 1 and 2.  However, now that I have a daughter I am in love with this movie.  I was able to see my daughter in the Boo character and that sucked me into the film.  The Blu-ray quality is fantastic and the audio will keep your surround sound busy the entire movie.  Definitely worth purchasing.
B00335EQ0E|5.0|HELLO,THE MOVIE WAS GREAT, ITS BEEN MANY YEARS,BUT STILL AS MEMORABLE, HOPE THE NEW RELEASE DOES NOT RUIN A MEMORABLE TALE
B0030MM68O|5.0|Film of the year, great story, well shot.<br />Love the review before me, typical american dummer than a box of hammers and the intelligence to go with it.  go watch reality tv, you'll love it!
B002ZCY7QY|5.0|I will admit that the first part of this season I was worried another show I love go down the drain.  Thankfully I was very wrong.  Chuck has given us another amazing season.  It is one of the few shows this year I have been happy with the season finale, it wasn't a let down or just depressing.  There was both good and bad.<br />Keep up the great work Chuck!
B001AIRUP4|3.0|The Blu-ray version is the only way to view this movie.  However, I am not a big fan of the story or music.  My wife loves every aspect of this movie but I find myself falling asleep every time we watch it.  If you love the movie then you cannot pass up the Blu-ray copy and it is a great way to show off your LCD/Plasma TV.
6305313687|5.0|This movie reveals how alot of things are going down these days, and how we are loseing this country. It is an awesome movie and tells it like it is. the ending was not what was expected, but made a very good point...Weiß Stärke!
B002VPE1B6|3.0|This movies is all effects.  The effects, the beauty is amazing.  However the story line is ok at best.<br />I did not see the movie in the theater, but we did get the blu ray as soon as it came out.<br />I am not disappointed in the purchase or the movie, there just isn't much memorable or striking about the movie outside of the effects.<br />The movie is harsh and very violent in parts.
1416524800|5.0|Although most people know Dan Brown for his moderately entertaining The Da Vinci Code or the fascinating Angels and Demons (do not judge his work based on the pathetic movies), this is easily his best book so far.  Deception Point had me glued to the book until I was finished reading.  I could not put the book down until I finished it the day I started reading.  The story is plausible and is full of constant twists that will keep you guessing until the very end.  My father found this book on a train and read it, then my younger brother read it, then I read it, then I let 6 other people read it and every person couldn't stop talking about the amazing plot.<br /><br />If you only read one Dan Brown book then this should be it.  The others are good, but this is his best work and he has yet to successfully repeat the quality of this often looked-over piece of literature.
B001GCUO5W|5.0|Shutter Island is an amazing film, in fact my favourite film of 2009.  It just completely sucks you in to the plot, even to the extreme of messing with head.  The story is just extraordinary, so please don't read any of the 1 star reviews on this site as most contain spoilers and this story really needs to be enjoyed in full.   Just watch the movie and enjoy it!
B001HN69AY|5.0|I give this film 5 stars because I'm impressed with the director's sense of originality. Indeed, Mr. Gilliam presents another baffling, intriguing and entertaining foray into the life of an \\"eccentric\\". I only watched it once, because the rental I had was due back, but I will correct that soon. Being Heath Ledger's last effort captured on film was certainly enough to draw me, and he's quite fine. Gilliam made a smart choice to have Ledger's \\"alter-ego\\" played by the celebrated trio of Depp, Farrell and Law. It's all commendable, and generally successful. I enjoyed Tom Waits as Mr. Nick; his rare film appearances have always entertained me, especially in Altman's \\"Short Cuts\\". Also admirable is Lily Cole, quite charming and believable. There's no question that this film, as well as most of Mr. Gilliam's efforts, requires repeated viewings. There's also little mention of Christopher Plummer's fine performance; as in \\"12 Monkeys\\", no one seems to remember that Bruce Willis was the main  character.  Also, no question that this film is worth a look for stunning sets and visuals, original fun, and the last effort of the very fine Heath Ledger.
B001KOFH2G|5.0|I stumbled on this movie by chance and have been telling everyone about how good it is.  My wife, not a sci-fi fan, absolutely loved this movie.  The story is great and the characters are fun.  Blu-ray will have you visually impressed and your surround sound will by constantly busy.
B002SQ364Q|5.0|Living in upstate New York, not far from where Woodstock began this is the best movie you will find on how it all started.  Do not expect the big stage and Jimi Hendrix, this is not what it is all about.   I would highly reccomend this movie to all of the Woodstock fans out there.
B001V9LPWQ|3.0|Sleeping Beauty on Blu-ray was an amazing spectacle and took the movie to new levels in quality.  However, Disney was not able to do the same with Snow White.  Personally I do not like the movie or songs, but the visually and audio quality are not on par with Sleeping Beauty.  Certainly it is an old movie, but it did not meet my expectations.
B002VPE1AW|5.0|Was a gift to someone who thought this was the best movie ever. I only liked the effects.  Too much violence and foul language for me and too weird having those people talk rubbish.  But,  gift was much appreciated.
0920668372|5.0|This book has always been a favorite childrens story.  It is beautifully written and since it has the repetition of the chorus it becomes easy for children to learn the story. A 4-year-old child I bought this for memorized the entire story in a couple weeks and constantly begs her mom to read it again and again.  Buy this book and you will not regret it.  I am happy I can now share this memory with my daughter and hopefully she will develop a strong love for it and share it with her children 20+ years from now.
B001OQCV6A|3.0|I must confess, I was not sure what to make of this movie.  First, you had Downey Jr. stepping into the role of the iconic sluth and second, well you had Downey Jr. stepping into the role of Sherlock Holmes.  On some levels it works, I mean let's face it, Downey is fun to watch and he has that quirky quality one must have to play the singular Holmes.  The real problem with this movie was not Downey, he was game as always, but the screenplay, I mean, the MASON'S AGAIN?!  I also found it hard to understand some of the dialogue, Downey spoke quickly and with his mock English accent, I had to hit the subtitle on the DVD menu.  This being a convaluted mystery, it was most important to understand, what was being said.  The story itself is interesting on some level, but no exactly original, frankly, at times I thought i was watching The League of Distinguished Gentlemen (for the record, not a movie I care see again).  The villian is well played and, to be honest, I wish I had seen a bit more of him.  Oh yes, don't let me forget Law, he was actually quite good as Watson, and I liked his banter with Downey Jr.  Overall, not a bad movie, Downey has potential as Sherlock, let's just hope in the sequel, he gets a screenwriter that can keep up with him.
B001KVZ6G6|5.0|It takes a lot to make me cry in a movie but this had tears streaming a several occasions.  The writers did an amazing job with creating a hilarious and touching story.  The animation is phenomenal, but it really comes down to the characters and how they will make you fall in love with them.  Within the first 10 minutes you will experience overwhelming joy and sadness.  The transformation of the main character is impressive and causes you to reflect on what you treasure in life and what is truly most important.  Children will love the animals and amazing color palette used.  This is Pixar at its finest.  Do not hesitate to get this movie and watch it over and over.  However, Blu-ray is the only way to truly appreciate the magnificence of the movie.
B00275EGWY|1.0|I cannot believe this movie won ANY awards.  It was slow-paced, boring, and did not represent an actual EO officer's life at all.  This movie was a piece of garbage and you would do well to avoid it.  Did you like Jarhead?  If you did - then get this movie. If you didn't - you're better off re-watching Black hawk Down.
0142501123|5.0|my grandson loves this book.  We read it to him many times he doesn't want another bedtime story.
0345442970|3.0|The Trade Federation monopolizes trade to outer systems, a situation the Nebula Front doesn't like.  Qui-Gon and Obi-Wan are out to hunt down Arwen Cohl, one such leader of the Nebula Front, as Palpatine rises to power, and Valorum sees his status crumble.<br />NOTE: Based on listening to the audiobook and previous reading of the novel<br /><br />I Liked:<br />If there is one thing Luceno is good at, it's integrating all of Star Wars Expanded Universe.  He makes references to characters like Tarkin (yay!) and Vergere (yay!), to organizations like the Commerce Guild, and fleshes out situations only referred indirectly to (such as King Veruna's reign).  Luceno is a master and does it very well.<br />This novel is unique as it is one of the few in EU that is more of a political thriller than a typical adventure.  This was a good move, as this era was filled with political tension.  I loved seeing Valorum's fall from grace, seeing Bail Antilles, and learning how great a chessplayer Palpatine is (who is such a two-face!).  To have a typical Star Wars adventure would feel out of place in this era and not answer half the questions this book does.<br />Luceno wasn't afraid to pull the plug on some of his characters, which was very poignant, very tearful.  I won't say who, as it might be a spoiler, but when the characters die, it really pulled at my heart-strings.<br /><br />I Didn't Like:<br />I felt very sad listening to this because I had remembered the book being better than what I heard.  Luceno tends to write in a very \\"heavy\\" manner.  For instance, the first action scene, with the Trade Federation craft over Dorvalla, was bogged down in over-describing.  Luceno felt the need to describe the spacecraft, the Neimoidian captain (Daultay Dofine), Arwen Cohl, and on, and on, and on.  In fact, in nearly every scene, he stops to describe the characters.  Now, for new characters, like Cohl and Rella, this isn't too bad.  But when he is describing Qui-Gon, Obi-Wan, Yoda, Yaddle, Depa Bilaba, Adi Gallia, Mace Windu, Valorum, Palpatine, Neimoidians, Rodians...it is too much.  Star Wars fans will know what the characters look like and you don't need to describe them (unless you say something like \\"Yoda's ear twitched at Qui-Gon's words\\" or some other incidental descriptions).  This is even more unnecessary for aliens.  I don't want or need a description of the Neimoidians, Rodians, and everything in between.  And having the descriptions in the middle of an otherwise intense scene makes it boring, loses the pace.  In fact, this is the only audiobook that I grew bored with and had to set aside for a time, just for this reason.<br />Secondly, I love seeing recurring characters, but Luceno name-drops one too many times.  Palpatine, Valorum, and Antilles are okay, but it's the Jedi I had a problem with.  Three High Council members go with Qui-Gon and Obi-Wan on a mission, which seems really stupid.  I could see one, but no, there were three: Depa Bilaba, Yaddle, and Saesee Tiin.  Couldn't Luceno have made three of his own Jedi, Masters if he wanted, so it wasn't so odd why three Council members left the capital to go on a relatively unimportant mission?<br />None of the characters come off as very colorful.  Qui-Gon, Obi-Wan, Cohl, Palpatine...they felt more like cardboard characters, cutouts, than real people with feelings and emotions.  And it's sad, because I was so excited to read from Qui-Gon (this is probably the only non-novelization novel that stars him), but he could have been any character with the way that Luceno wrote him.<br />I have got to put this in here, but why did Luceno name Cohl \\"Arwen\\"?  When I found that out, I was like, \\"Uh, he's a female ELF?!\\"<br />Lastly, while the plot was interesting, it was highly confusing.  This might have been Luceno trying to make sense of George Lucas' story in The Phantom Menace, but still, was there no way to make it a little more...understandable?<br /><br />Dialogue/Sexual Situations/Violence:<br />None.<br />Rella and Cohl are lovers.  Orn Free Taa is fond of lithe Twi'Lek females.<br />Cohl attacks a Trade Federation craft and steals aurodium ingots.  There are lightsaber battles, Valorum is injured in an attack on his life, on Eriadu, there is a plot to kill Valorum and the Trade Federation delegations.<br /><br />Overall:<br />As I mentioned, I remembered this being better than I found it.  It's not bad, though I wish an editor had lined out many of the description passages.  It just was so...boring...  If you want to understand [[ASIN:B00076RT24 The Phantom Menace]] better, want to see Qui-Gon Jinn, like political thrillers, or have to read all the Star Wars books, this is your book.  Otherwise, you can skip.of lithe Twi'Lek females.  Cohl attacks a Trade Federation craft and steals aurodium ingots.  There are lightsaber battles, Valorum is injured in an attack on his life, on Eriadu, there is a plot to kill Valorum and the Trade Federation delegations.    Overall:  As I mentioned, I remembered this being better than I found it.  It's not bad, though I wish an editor had lined out many of the description passages.  It just was so...boring...  If you want to understand [[ASIN:B00076RT24 The Phantom Menace]] better, want to see Qui-Gon Jinn, like political thrillers, or have to read all the Star Wars books, this is your book.  Otherwise, you can skip.
B000002L9B|5.0|During the years following the  big commercial success of [[ASIN:B000002L68 \\"Purple Rain\\"]] Prince never elected to just rest on his laurels and become a face for the jetset life or press fodder. He spent a good deal of the time almost obsessively recording in the studio and one of the projects he was working on was this soundtrack album to his second motion picture [[ASIN:B0002CTSV8 Under the Cherry Moon]]. This album could'nt be any more different from his first soundtrack project which was for the most part very pop focused. This album still finds Prince in an accesible frame of mind but still very musically daring and willing to integrate as many musical ideas into his generally funk oriented sound as he could. The fantastic thing about this album is how well the music bleeds together in terms of arrangement and not only does it feel more like a formal soundtrack with it's heavy cinematic touches but is one of the albums of the mid 1980's that has really aged very well for something so contemporary for it's time in a lot of ways. The album has a lot of artsy touches to the music such as the presense of steel drums,accordians and other cross continental flavors that enhance the mood it was trying to achieve. Also as with any Prince album of the 80's his use of drum machines are among some of the most adept and creative one could imagine from such an often maligned instrument. \\"Christopher Tracy's Parade\\",\\"New Position\\",\\"I Wonder You\\" and the title ballad all kind of form an introductory suite of songs to introduce the album-starting with a fanfare of horns,strings and rhythms and working around some slippery,keyboard loop driven types of what I'd describe as neo psychedelic funk. It's alternately dreamy,poetic and sexy and accomplishes it's cinematic flavor well. \\"Life Can Be So Nice\\" is a very carnivalsqe slice of dance-funk with a very busy top and a very tight bottom rhythmically. This album also features some of the tighest funk Prince ever recorded such as \\"Girls & Boys\\",\\"Anotherloverholenyohead\\" and of course the big hit \\"Kiss\\",all strong indications of the rhythmic influences Prince was bringing to the surface from his long standing love of James Brown during this era. This album is also home to one of those great lost Prince classic eclectic pop songs in \\"Mountains\\";neither pop or rock,funk or psychedelia it's one of my favorite Prince songs here and in his entire catalog. The album also contains two very French pop-jazz sounding ballads in the instrumental \\"Venus De Milo\\" and \\"Do U Lie\\". The album concludes with the darkly chorded jazz-folk ballad \\"Sometimes It Snows In April\\" which,driven by acoustic guitar and the somewhat bittersweet lyrical focus is at least one music nod to another of Prince's musical influences: Joni Mitchell. This album and movie were not as well recieved commercially as his previous soundtrack but,than again that's exactly what Prince was going for-to be known as a respected musician as opposed to some flavor-of-the-month hitmaker. In a lot of ways he got to have both on this album because there were some successful singles here as well. But all in all this speaks a lot to Prince's rhythmic and general creative progress.recorded such as \\"Girls & Boys\\",\\"Anotherloverholenyohead\\" and of course the big hit \\"Kiss\\",all strong indications of the rhythmic influences Prince was bringing to the surface from his long standing love of James Brown during this era. This album is also home to one of those great lost Prince classic eclectic pop songs in \\"Mountains\\";neither pop or rock,funk or psychedelia it's one of my favorite Prince songs here and in his entire catalog. The album also contains two very French pop-jazz sounding ballads in the instrumental \\"Venus De Milo\\" and \\"Do U Lie\\". The album concludes with the darkly chorded jazz-folk ballad \\"Sometimes It Snows In April\\" which,driven by acoustic guitar and the somewhat bittersweet lyrical focus is at least one music nod to another of Prince's musical influences: Joni Mitchell. This album and movie were not as well recieved commercially as his previous soundtrack but,than again that's exactly what Prince was going for-to be known as a respected musician as opposed to some flavor-of-the-month hitmaker. In a lot of ways he got to have both on this album because there were some successful singles here as well. But all in all this speaks a lot to Prince's rhythmic and general creative progress.
B002R0F3Q2|2.0|I was so anxious to order a copy of this CD after listening to her do an acoustic version of \\"Empire State of Mind (part 2)\\", but after reading some of the reviews that were less than 5 stars, I began to wonder. I listened to the snippets provided of the songs, and I must say, I wasn't impressed. The two tracks that reminded me of the original Alicia Keys were \\"Try Sleeping with a Broken Heart\\" and \\"Empire State of Mind (Part 2) Broken Down\\". I'm not sure what happened to the rest of the tracks; maybe it was the beats, the tempo, or outside influences, but they didn't sound like Alicia. I bought Alicia's two CDs \\"Songs in A Minor\\" and \\"Diary of Alicia Keys\\" because they gave that sound that I was begging to hear for a long time. I did not purchase \\"As I Am\\", but I had borrowed a copy from a friend to evaluate it before purchasing. It seems to me that album was the mark of the industry beginning to influence and change her music. It is too bad too, because I loved the soul and originality that the first two albums had; unfortunately, this album was not part of that experience. I'll show my support by purchasing the two tracks that I mentioned, but I won't be investing in the album as a whole. She still has potential to go back to basics, she just has an obstacle to overcome to get back to that point.
B000QTCXIW|5.0|Beyonce's original  [[ASIN:B000H0MKGA B'day]] album was a relatively brief collection consisting primarily of rather modern uptempo dance tunes and a handful of really powerful onces too. Even though it's wound up being something of a habit with her in the future she elected to re-release this album a year later with a reconfigured track listing and a bonus disks of extra singles material. It's really surprising how the re ordering of these songs made such a huge difference in how the album came across. That and the addition of the three new songs create a whole new context for these songs and it came off almost as an entirely new album as a result. One of the new songs is \\"Beautiful Lier\\" with Shakira,kind of an old school flavored latin pop/funk midtempo tune that's a great way to get things started. The ebb and flow between the the more lush midtempo \\"Irreplaceable\\" and the vibrant pop funk stylings \\"Green Light\\" and \\"Kitty Kat\\",along with the uniquelly textured keyboards and chord changes are amazing in terms of the re-ordering and almost play out as a suite. \\"Welcome To Hollywood\\" and \\"Flav's And All\\" are two places where the concepts of latin soul-pop and hip-hop influences both work very well alongside the other. There are still a couple very stereotypical hip-hop/R&B songs here I'm not personally crazy about in \\"Upgrade\\" and \\"Ring The Alarm\\" which,interesting enough was a hit but again in the way this is restructured that aren't very intrusive at all,even for hip-hop naysayers. The ballads \\"Still In Love\\" and \\"Listen\\" from [[ASIN:B000O1799U Dreamgirls]] both look very much towards Beyonce's next album to come much as does \\"Get Me Bodied\\" with it's heavy South African style funk beat which anticipates \\"Single Ladies\\" to a huge degree in hindsight. Of course even this album still cannot keep the very heavily funky splatters of \\"Suga Mama\\" and \\"Freakum Dress\\" in check but again because this version of this album is arranged more in the pattern of your typical 70's funk/R&B/soul album they again get a more vital showing this time out. Most of the second disk is Spanish remixes and such aside from \\"Amor Gitano\\" with Aleiandro Fernandaz which not only maintains the latin vibe but is sung in Spanish as well. This is a perfect example how sometimes simply the reconfiguration of songs,even without the addition of new material can give new life to an album that may not have originally seemed as powerful. Now it doesn't always work but in this case it worked wonders.ern of your typical 70's funk/R&B/soul album they again get a more vital showing this time out. Most of the second disk is Spanish remixes and such aside from \\"Amor Gitano\\" with Aleiandro Fernandaz which not only maintains the latin vibe but is sung in Spanish as well. This is a perfect example how sometimes simply the reconfiguration of songs,even without the addition of new material can give new life to an album that may not have originally seemed as powerful. Now it doesn't always work but in this case it worked wonders.
B0015HOFZI|1.0|I purchased this unit for an out-of-state friend of mine a year ago.  It wasn't until recently that he told me he never had gotten it to work, so on a recent visit I picked up the unit and brought it home thinking I could get it going because my friend is not necessary the most computer adapt person I know.  Well, a week later and I'm thoroughly disgusted with the unit. I think the unit itself is probably O.K., but the software is terrible and the instructions are even worse.  I personally own all Sony equipment, so I was somewhat shocked to find out they manufactured such a looser.  I also downloaded 4 other programs that supposedly simply the vinyl to CD conversion, and although they were slightlly more user friendly, they were still frustrating because there is no easy was to use this machine.<br /><br />My personal recommendation: buy a stand alone unit that is self contained which doesn't go through a computer.
B002C6K7N0|4.0|This CD was for a friend, I do not like this kind of music but my friend said it was fantastic, out of this world!!!!
B002BSHXJA|5.0|This is an amazing Beatles collection and the best part was the price!!!  I couldn't believe that I was able to purchase such a great item which was sealed brand new and also saved me over $150.00!!!!  Only on Amazon was I able to find such a steal!!!  I have made many purchased from Amazon over the years, and before I buy anything, I alway check if you guy sell it and every time, you  guys have it at not only a great price, but great service too!!! Once again, thank you for another great experience with Amazon!!!
0451450523|3.0|Many people consider THE LAST UNICORN a fantasy classic, a work that ranks up there with masterpieces by Tolkien, CS Lewis, Richard Adams, and Urusula Le Guin.  I enjoyed this short novel, but I wouldn't rank it that highly.<br /><br />THE LAST UNICORN is a modernistic fairy tale (written in 1968) about a solitary unicorn hunting the world for the other members of her kind.  The novel begins as a conventional quest story, but it eventually goes into some unique directions -- to his credit, author Beagle explores complex moral themes that most fantasy novels normally don't touch.  Beagle's prose is also quite charming, funny, and readable.  If you enjoy Neil Gaiman's work, you'll probably like this as well.<br /><br />My main problem with THE LAST UNICORN lies in its characterization.  Put simply, Beagle does not take enough time to flesh out his fairy tale characters.  Most of them lack depth, and I often found myself puzzled about what motivated their behavior.  I also found the central character of the Unicorn to be something of an unlikable cypher -- which made it hard for me to relate in any way to her quest.<br /><br />THE LAST UNICORN is enjoyable enough, but my advice is to lower your expectations before reading it.  Personally, I think the modern-day fantasy work of Neil Gaiman and George RR Martin is light years ahead of this book.  That being said, this novel has legions of admirers, so you should definitely try it for yourself.
0971407614|5.0|I have followed different training regimes from heavy weight lifting (for me at least) to triathlon like training.    Out of all of the routines I have tried body weight exercises have given me the most applicable strength out of all of the routines.    This book is simple, yet holds some very good body weight exercises.  Combine that with the three different levels of routines given in this book make for an excellent workout - Simple and effective.    This book is like \\"a diamond, a baby would just toss it away and go play with cardboard, but if you know the value of the diamond [you would pay attention to this book]\\"  (quote from Erik Paulson in reference to learning martial technique)
193413712X|4.0|TINKERS, which won the 2010 Pulitzer Prize for best novel, is the type of book I think of when I think of \\"literary\\" novels.  Which is to say, the focus here is more on the style of the writing than any sort of linear plot structure.  Still, this short book has some achingly lovely moments inside of it, and a great deal of first-class prose to boot.<br /><br />TINKERS' plot structure is deliberately disjointed, with its focus shifting frequently between different characters and time periods.  The storyline deals with the last memories of a dying 80-year old man named George Washington Crosby. Interestingly, the main star of this book is not really George, but his epileptic salesman father Howard, who is a pivotal figure in George's life.  Much of the book is told from the perspective of Howard, and many of the stories he relates about his hard-scrabble life are brilliantly told.<br /><br />This novel definitely isn't for everyone.  TINKERS is told in a rambling, stream-of-consciousness manner, similar to Marilynne Robinson's 2004 novel GILEAD.  At times it reads more like a short story collection than an actual novel.  But most of the individual stories are superb, and the prose is certainly rich and evocative; I think it adds up to a very enjoyable piece of work.<br /><br />Interesting side note: over twenty publishers rejected TINKERS, forcing author Harding to release it through an obscure small press.  This is the first small press book to win a Pulitzer Prize since 1981 -- it's a great success story, and I'm glad to see an author like Harding win the prize.
B003K3OF78|4.0|Look people, I don't really understand what your problem is with the direction Keane is taking musically. For those of you who liked their debut like I did, and became a fan of the band, like I did, I don't get how Keane was 'modern' sounding. I guess I am the only elder statesman here who actually grew up with the music Keane is borrowing from, which is definitely the 1980's. So, whoever thinks their 2004 debut \\"Hopes & Fears\\" does not echo the 1980's is way off.<br /><br />Next, the direction the band has taken with their 2008 album \\"Perfect Symmetry\\" and now with this EP \\"Night Train\\". Well, you're either going to like their growth and expansion or not. I like it. In no way do I find it detracts from what makes Keane, Keane. In fact, I find it only adds another dimension to their sound. Maybe they're not as alternative as they used to be, and maybe they're moving in a more commercial direction, but it still sounds good. The band continues to stay lyrically intact also. I think it's interesting that the band is using Canadian/Somali rapper K'naan on two tracks here. Maybe you don't like rap, I can understand that. For those of us, like myself, who can listen to Keane and listen to rap, and appreciate both, this is a creative step that gives Keane a different texture musically. I also think it modernizes, yes modernizes their sound.<br /><br />What I don't understand here is why Keane didn't just finish the job and give a legitimate album. They gave us 7 songs. All they needed to do was come up with 3 more to make an album.<br /><br />I like all of Keane's music. I think they're right up there with Coldplay as the inheritors of U2's legacy. I think \\"Stop For A Minute\\" should easily be a top 40 hit in America. I also think \\"Clear Skies\\" and \\"Ishin Denshin (You've Got To Help Yourself)\\" should also be hits. The whole EP is great with the exception of the instrumental intro \\"House Lights\\", which just felt like a waste of time and space.<br /><br />It was also amusing how the band interpolated the theme from \\"Rocky\\" into \\"Looking Back\\", and even K'naan name-drops Rocky in his rap.<br /><br />Here's how \\"Night Train\\" compares to Keane's other albums:<br /><br />2004 Hopes & Fears: Four Stars<br />2006 Under The Iron Sea: Four Stars<br />2008 Perfect Symmetry: Four Stars<br />2010 Night Train: Four Starseme from \\"Rocky\\" into \\"Looking Back\\", and even K'naan name-drops Rocky in his rap.    Here's how \\"Night Train\\" compares to Keane's other albums:    2004 Hopes & Fears: Four Stars  2006 Under The Iron Sea: Four Stars  2008 Perfect Symmetry: Four Stars  2010 Night Train: Four Stars
B001ER4CNY|5.0|I like this series very much. She's a magician arabian girl in a bottle, that find your spaceman. It´s amazing.
B0039TD7RC|5.0|After reading customer reviews about the sound makeover on this new reissue of Exile,for now I chose to stick with my 1994 Virgin reissue which I have always been happy with and to pick up the unreleased tracks which after several listens I am warming up to. I can see way these unfinished tracks did not make it onto the album, but they are nice to hear now and especially interesting with recent vocal work done. Some people have made comparisons to Jaggar's vocals then and now and I have noticed the difference myself. Sort of like hearing Paul McCartney do Beatles songs today, he is still in great voice but the voice has changed a bit with age. Anyway It is a joy to hear these bonus tracks even with vocal add on. As for the reissue of the album itself, I need to get a hold of a copy and give it a listen to and compare with my Virgin copy,and then I will decide if there is a need to buy it.
