B00006JSS8|5.0|Coveting Stevie Wonder's 'Musiquarium' all these years, I now justly feel guilty for getting this fabulous collection at such a cheap price.      Nevertheless, a collection without Stevie is one bereft, so I am happy to have his greatest hits to play in my car and in my MP3 player.    The essential of essentials:  For upbeat soul songs, no one can beat his list:  \\"Uptight,\\" \\"I Was Made to Love Her,\\" and \\"Signed, Sealed, Delivered, I'm Yours\\".  Each is a splendid, toe-tappin' soul delight.  Gems such as \\"Sir Duke\\" (a tribute to Duke Ellington) and \\"Master Blaster (Jammin')\\" (a tribute to Bob Marley) are tokens from his masterpieces 'Song in the Key of Life,' and 'Hotter Than July'.  On the softer side, he excels just as well on \\"My Cherie Amour\\" \\"You Are the Sunshine of My Life,\\" and \\"I Just Called to Say I Love You\\" (Just listen to the way he incorporates the seasons and Zodiac in this deceptively simple tune.)     All the rest come from classic albums, including 'Talking Book,' and 'Innervisions,' so you know this terrific set of twenty-one songs is only a sampler.  I saw Stevie Wonder in the Summer of 1988 and took in one of the greatest concerts in my life.  Enjoy! :>)
B0015XHX7O|5.0|Incredible re-issue of the 1984 classic, on 45 RPM double LP!! Great sound, great band!!
031606792X|3.0|Most importantly: **Spoilers!! Don't read if you don't want to know some book secrets!**<br /><br />Like most who read the Twilight series, I was ecstatic for Breaking Dawns release. When I got it I started reading right away.  I have some issues with this book, but at the same time I enjoyed it.<br /><br />I can split my issues and enjoyment into two categories, Bella's story and Jake's story.  I absolutely loved Jakes side, he remained consistent in all of the books, playful and fun, but serious and very observant.  I enjoyed being in his head.  I got annoyed with how he was portrayed in Eclipse, because Bella was always mad at him, he was shown as a bad guy and most people forgot that he was an amazing friend in New Moon.  I think Breaking Dawn helped cement the fact that Jake is really amazing all around.<br /><br />But Bella.  I understand that she was supposed to be a middle aged teenager, but then why would she throw tantrums at Charlie every time they disagreed and just blame it on her teenage ways.  It is one way or the other.  It seemed to me that she was just a normal teenager, which is what made all the books so wonderful, but in Breaking Dawn that changed.  When she woke up from being transformed it seemed like she was now 23, instead of an 18 year old.  I understand maternal instinct, but come on.  She seemed to not care anything about what an 18 year old would, her whole demener switched to being wiser and more mature.  I'm sure Stephenie was trying to make Bella seem more like Edward, but Edward had 80 years to get as mature as he is, Bella would still be her spoiled self.<br /><br />And how did she have a baby?! The whole time Stephenie explained that vampires can't cry, or sweat, or anything like that because all the fluid in their body would be venom.  So how did she magically get pregnant?<br /><br />A few pet peeves: The fight that wasn't a fight, that was a cop out.  Bella being magically really good at being a new vampire, also a cop out.  Then Edward says he thinks its mind over matter, mental preparation; puh-leez.  That paints Jasper in SUCH a bad light, like he really doesn't care that he can't control himself when Bella gets a paper cut and he wants to suck her blood, he isn't trying hard enough?  Also, the two packs.  I like the dynamic tension, but I wish in the end Sam's pack would just join with Jakes and let Jake be Alpha.<br /><br />A few things I like: Even though I disagree with the probability of a baby coming from a vampire, I loved Nessie; Stephenie did a great job at making the reader fall in love with her.  I was glad her and Jake could be together in the end.  I like that Bella got to have a baby too, because then it was like the whole family got a baby and maybe Rose would stop being such a jerk.  Jacob's titles!! They were a hoot!! Bella's titles were one word and Jake's were all long and silly.<br /><br />I just feel like this book was such a far departure from where the series started at.  If I had never read the rest of the series, this book would have been amazing, but knowing the work that Stephenie has done in the past, what she is capable of writing, I was disappointed.<br /><br />But, when I read through the books again, I know I won't skip Breaking Dawn.  It is fairly good, it does keep you on your toes, though it does leave you scratching your head.matter, mental preparation; puh-leez.  That paints Jasper in SUCH a bad light, like he really doesn't care that he can't control himself when Bella gets a paper cut and he wants to suck her blood, he isn't trying hard enough?  Also, the two packs.  I like the dynamic tension, but I wish in the end Sam's pack would just join with Jakes and let Jake be Alpha.    A few things I like: Even though I disagree with the probability of a baby coming from a vampire, I loved Nessie; Stephenie did a great job at making the reader fall in love with her.  I was glad her and Jake could be together in the end.  I like that Bella got to have a baby too, because then it was like the whole family got a baby and maybe Rose would stop being such a jerk.  Jacob's titles!! They were a hoot!! Bella's titles were one word and Jake's were all long and silly.    I just feel like this book was such a far departure from where the series started at.  If I had never read the rest of the series, this book would have been amazing, but knowing the work that Stephenie has done in the past, what she is capable of writing, I was disappointed.      But, when I read through the books again, I know I won't skip Breaking Dawn.  It is fairly good, it does keep you on your toes, though it does leave you scratching your head.
031606792X|5.0|Okay first of all I really do not understand why anyone would complain about what this teaches \\"teenagers\\". Teenagers are not as stupid as you think, and I'm sure this book won't be a resource on \\"how to cope with my relationship\\" kind of thing. Why does it have to have a lesson, or a moral? It's her book.<br /><br />I enjoyed it, I thought it was perfect. This book was a whole lot better then what teenagers learn about of literature in high school. Throughout history books have been filled with torture, rape, violence, gore and very profane language. Atleast there wasn't much gore and violence, atleast Stephanie didn't go into much detail when Edward and Bella had sex!!!<br /><br />The fact that Jacob did imprint on their child was not creepy, I'll never forget the moment I realized it when Jacob was suppossed to be testing Bella to see if she would try to attack him, my eyes almost rolled in the back of my head I was so surprised, but not unhappy with that outcome. I knew it was going to have a happy ending, but to be honest I thought Alice was going to show up and end up getting killed, but nobody died except for Irina.<br /><br />In the end, as Aro said it was if she were designed for the life of a vampire. I think Bella did deserve to have everything she wanted, she never signed up to fall for a vampire, and have to deal with all the drama behind it. I could relate to Bella as a vampire, it's not like any of those vampires knew for almost a year that they would become vampires, maybe that's why she could contain herself from digesting all of her father's bodily fluids.<br /><br />In my opinion, I don't think anyone can say Stephanie Meyer did not do a fantastic job, and the pieces in her intricate story fit very well to the puzzle she completed. This book completed the series, in every way possible.
031606792X|3.0|Spoiler alert!  This is by far the most self-indulgent work of fiction I have ever come across.  Stephenie Meyer's love for herself is gratingly obvious throughout and difficult to bear.  I whole-heartedly agree with the  reviewer who pointed out that it is ridiculous to think that a girl who caused incredible pain to all those who came near her should end up with everything her heart desires.    Bella maintains her selfishness to the bitter end, and it was almost laughable that she was able to carry this over into her transformation.  She somehow managed to be the most wonderful, most incredible, most calm, most beautiful, most talented vampire anyone had ever come across...puh-lease!  All in all, I suppose you could call it a nice resolution...though it would have been much nicer if it weren't so annoying getting there.
B0015DYIH2|3.0|The fourth novel in this sega lacks the Bella that was sweet innocent scared and clumsy.  Instead Bella has become a character that is totally unlike her previous self and is impossible to relate to.  The plot is illogical and too fairy tale like. Stephanie Meyer is afraid to take risks.  Did you notice that only one character died and she was very minor.  The conclusion to the series was weak and was too reminicent of Harry Potters final scenes.  It seemed to drone on.  My final thought was is that it.    This was a very WEAK ending to such a great series.  Bella is not the same girl you are envious of and Edward is not the same vampire who stole your heart.    What happened to you Stephanie Meyer
B00000IREA|3.0|I can remember standing in a long line to get in to see this movie back in 1968, the year it was originally released.  I was 12 years old, and my dad had dropped off me and my best friend, thinking that we were going to watch another juvenille sci-fi extravaganza, for which I had developed an extreme fondness.  It was the dead of winter and there was snow falling, but we perservered, having heard that we would have the opportunity to see Jane Fonda buck naked, and, above all else, we wanted to be the first in our school to lay claim to that dubious achievement. However, the lady in the ticket booth had other ideas.  Although we were 12 years old, we looked no older than 9 or 10, which didn't matter anyway, since we needed to be 16 to get into the movie.  So, we didn't see \\"Barbarella\\", or Jane Fonda's flaunted nudity, and my father had to immediately turn around and make an 18 mile drive back to pick us up in falling snow, with my mom lecturing him, loudly,  all the way home about \\"parental responsibility\\" and \\"pornography\\".  And so it was that, 40 years later, give or take, I decided to order \\"Barbarella\\" from Amazon and find out what the fuss was all about and why I couldn't get into see this movie back when it first came out.      Well, for starters, there is nudity, for sure, but it's often fleeting and almost demure.  There are breasts, a glimpse of buttocks, and...wait...was that what it looked like?  Hard to tell and, at this stage, even harder to care.  Jane looks good in the title role and she's funny; \\"Barbarella\\" may have been the last time that she was allowed to demonstrate any comic ability in a film for almost a decade.  Sure, she was sensational in \\"Klute\\", perfection in \\"Julia\\" and \\"Coming Home\\", but she was a lot more fun in \\"Barbarella\\".      There's not much plot worth writing about.  Barbarella is a sort of agent for the planet Earth,  who drifts through the universe correcting wrongs and fighting evildoers.  She travels in an outrageous spaceship driven by a computer that talks to her (not unlike HAL in \\"2001\\"). The always watchable David Hemmings is on hand as handsome Dildano, with whom she engages in a literal hand-to-hand sex ritual; hirsute Ugo Tognazzi engages her the old-fashioned way, leaving her sated and singing.  And John Phillip Law is both blind and blonde as the angel Pygar, who manages to offend the Black Queen (Anita Pallenberg) by rebuffing her sexual advances, proclaiming, \\"An angel doesn't make love, an angel is love.\\"    It's all very silly and tastefully lewd, on a sophomoric, 60's-era, \\"Tonight Show\\" level (and don't get me wrong, I loved Johnny Carson and my dad was the \\"Tonight Show's\\" biggest fan).  Despite the presence of some very big names of the time, it doesn't add up to much, and a certain degree of tedium creeps in after awhile.  Still, the acting is tongue-in-cheek, the sets are wacky and colorful, and there is a sexy innocence about the whole enterprise that strikes me as being very much in context with the times; in that respect, though worlds apart, Antonioni's \\"Blow Up\\" has some of that same carefree attitude.  Director Roger Vadim (Fonda's then-husband) seems to embrace the spirit of the '60's without ever imbuing his film with much substance.      The quality of this DVD seems variable, for some strange reason.  There are scenes where the colors are beautiful and vibrant, and suddenly the scene is transformed into a muddy murk, before the vibrancy just as suddenly returns.  It doesn't really interfere with the enjoyment of the film; \\"Barbarella\\" is much too slight to be affected by minor color distortions.      Was it worth waiting 40 years to see?  For me, the answer is yes, but mainly as a curiosity piece more than anything.  It's not great cinema by any means, but it holds a nostalgic place in my mind of a time that is so radically different from the world we're currently living in, as to seem almost inconceivable.  \\"Barbarella\\" is my own proof that 1968 did, indeed, exist, that it wasn't a beautiful fable where people still had audacious dreams and the courage to pursue their beliefs.
031606792X|3.0|As an avid fan of the first 3 books, which I've read over and over again, I expected a great ending to this series.  Although I know the author is not a fantastic writer, the story line and characters \\"bite\\" you and don't let you go.  That's why you want to read \\"Breaking Dawn,\\" to gain some resolution.  Everything was great until they got to Esme Island. Instead of the reasonably believable scenes in the first 3 books, Meyer gets into that horror B-movie realm with the Rosemary's baby thing, and the Jacob imprinting on \\"infant\\" fiasco.  I don't believe that Bella would drink human blood for her fetus, after fainting in biology class during a blood-type lesson.  I also don't believe that the Volturi would walk away from a good fight, and a few characters should have died, Volturi or otherwise.  I liked \\"The Host\\" a lot better than this book.  The one thing I did like were the Jacob/Rosalie hate-fest sparring matches.
0385338724|5.0|This is a great read.  Author, Sophi Kinsella is such a funny writer.  I am going to being reading her other books.  Great summmer read.
B00009Y3L4|5.0|I have not seen this in 35 years, and I was utterly enthralled to see it again.  There are so many ways to see this films that it has got to be one of the best I have ever seen.  First, there is the historical reconstruction, a snapshot of a very difficult period in late Weimar, which would result in Hitler's regime.  Even the images in the film reflected art from the period:  you see images by Grosz and many others appearing in subtle glimpses.<br /><br />Second, there is the drama of the two young lovers.  I did not notice the first time that the York character is sexually ambiguous, and that his ambivalence towards a relationship with Sally may be due to his actual orientation.  Of course, Sally Bowles is one of the great new character types created by the film:  a loose woman who is actually extremely vulnerable and trying to be tough.  She hold back from commitments yet needs them, openly uses her body to advance her career, and also sees her own limitations and hence chooses illegal abortion.  At the time, this combination was psychological dynamite, really pioneering stuff, and I saw a lot more in them as a middle-aged man.<br /><br />Third, there is the music.  To say it is wonderful is an understatement.  Minelli is one of the greatest talents that has ever come out of a Hollywood dynasty.  The best.  Interestingly, I heard an interview with Isherwood's long-time partner.  He said that Bowles was an amateur in the original book, not the phenomenal talent that the film uses to traduce the character.<br /><br />I got this because my daughter (13) loves musicals and is developing into a singer.  As a parent, I feel a bit wary about the sophistication and bawdiness of the film, which is more explicit than I feel comfortable with, but then, she knows about these things.  We will no doubt watch this so much together that we will memorize it.<br /><br />Recommended with enthusiasm.
031606792X|1.0|If you loved Twilight, as i did, and got sucked in, don't bother reading this book.  as far as i'm concerned, the story ended at the end of Twilight, and edward bit bella at prom.  i'm going to sell the rest of the books and forget this awful, awful ending ever happened.    and by the way, so sick of bella, thought it would get better when she became a vamp.  the main character in host is the same.  it's just the same story told over and over and over again!  if you thought this book would finally bring something new and exciting you're wrong again.
031606792X|1.0|...but don't you think that this awful book with terrible morals is maybe stemmed from Stephenie Meyer's religion?  Marry young, have kids, and your man will take care of you.  That's the perfect ideology for Mormon's.  I mean, give me a break, lady!!  I know I'm not the first to think this, btw.      Stephenie Meyers, you really crapped on your own book here, lady.  What we loved about the first 3 books was the excitement and character development and what you gave us here was a story drowsy on cold medicine or something. Reading this book, unlike the first 3, was a chore.  I found myself getting angry and moody.  Not everybody has happy endings, you know.  But apparently, if you throw tantrums and hissy fits, and be a weak sheep, all will be alright.  I LOATHED this book!
B0002E5O9G|5.0|I absolutely love this musical more than life itself! I hope to some day fulfill my dream of seeing it on Broadway, but it would of course have to come back, but I'd settle for London or Shea's (my local theater) if it doesn't happen.<br />The first Les Mis song I ever heard came from this CD, \\"Master of House\\" which is one of my favorites. Alun Armstrong sings the best version of it on here. I also love Colm Wilkinson, who will always be THE original Valjean. Michael Ball and Judy Juhn do an awesome duet of \\"A Heart Full of Love,\\" and he does an amazing solo of \\"Empty Chairs.\\" And Lea Salonga last but not least, is great as Eponine. Her and Ball do a very uplifting, but very sad version of \\"A Little Fall of Rain,\\" the second Les Mis song I ever heard,  which I personally like better then either of Cosette and Marious' duets simply because it sends shivers down my spine evry time! Being in concert, I think the Chorus also sounds better.<br />They don't call it the Dream Cast in Concert for nothing, if you want a Les Mis CD, and you don't mind that it misses like 2 songs, buy this one!
031606792X|1.0|It was basically a really long fan fiction. Well, thats what it seemed like to me.   When i finished the book all i could think or say was \\"Really?\\" because thats what the book deserves.  The twilight saga was always just an okay series and just okay if you didn't mind all the flaws but Breaking Dawn just really ruined it. Its like Stephenie Meyer ran out of ideas. Yeah Rensemee (again, really?) was unecpected but only because SM has said that it was impossible for vampired to have children! And yeah okay, it was with a human but still she said it was IMPOSSIBLE. See what i mean about running out of ideas? After it was born you weren't surprised to find out that jake imprinted on little renesmee. I find that disgusting. She's a newborn child!   Now we all know SM isn't that good at writing action right? Well, she certainly didn't have to worry about that becaus there WAS NO ACTION! Yes, the volturi came to kill them all but all you got was alot of talking. Yes, they kill one vampire but that was a two second thing where all Bella does is see cloaks. Many people say this book was excellent because it was so emotional and real. Please, SM was not going for that. She was lucky some people looked at it that way. Even then its not a good book. Reading that 800 page book was a waste of money and time. I really regret it. I'm just hoping for someone to come out and say \\"it was a joke! it was a scam!\\" and come out with the real book because this was extremely disapointing.
031606792X|5.0|I just wanted to add that I enjoyed this book    -spoiler-    And to those that hate the whole, Bella is pregnant, I would seriously try to look at it a different way....I still think that her baby represents her human self...the part of her that loves Jacob.  When she gave birth and then became a vampire it's like the human side of her became purged from her body and why not give Jacob his happily ever after? I mean the guy has gone through a lot too.  Also, it was a bit aggravating going from Bella's perspective to Jacob's and back to Bella's it kinda through me off.  I also understand that after having a baby I heard that people change and they can change from being the most immature person alive to being everything to their baby.  Just because you're 18 years old does not mean that you can't be a responsible parent.  I've seen it happen before and yes it's harder but that doesn't mean it can't happen.  Also, after reading the whole series I can still see the High School dramas that any adolescent  can go through, and it may seem that Bella over reacts to Edward leaving, but having your first love tell you that it's over and that he doesn't love you anymore can really kill you considering that you're young and think that High School is the world and you think nothing past it.  I just think that Mrs. Meyers did a good job and that you can't please anyone.  Just because things didn't turn out the way you wanted it to does not mean that the story has less meaning.  Please don't pay attention to the 1 star reviews just remember that you won't know how anything is unless you experience it yourself.  You may not agree that this is a wonderful book but don't take someone's word for it...read it yourself and see for yourself if this book is worth the 1 star rating that others are giving.
0345495004|3.0|I enjoyed this book because I did not know anything about Frank Lloyd Wright, except that he was an architect. This book puts you in his time period.  It was sad though, but I guess love stories can be sad.
031606792X|5.0|from beginning to end, I was totally engrossed.  I love Stephenie Meyer's writing - I felt the emotions of the characters and the storyline as I read.  I loved this book!!!!
0517053616|5.0|I purchased this book for a dear friends birthday.  It not only is a very attractive volume, it is a real bargain. All were very pleased
031606792X|5.0|First, I want to say that I have not been a fan of the series for long.  I read about it in Entertainment Weekly.  I decided to go out and get the first book.  I read that in two days.  I immediatley went out and got the second and third books.  I was done with those in about three days.  I waited a little while to get the fourth book (it was released on midnight on midnight on Friday and I got it on Tuesday).  It took two days to finish the fourth book.    Second,  I have not been affected by a piece of pop culture like this since I was four years old.  It was the summer of 1977 and someone took me and my older brother to see Star Wars.  I don't exactly remember how many times we saw Star Wars that summer, but it was at least five.  To this day, Star Wars is still my favorite movie.    I could not have written a better ending to this wonderful series myself.  The entire series is a love story.  A beautiful one, but one I found very real.  It's not perfect.  He is all wrong for her, he breaks her heart, she is always in danger, but....it seemed so real to me.  It seems real because it wasn't perfect.  The characters have flaws.  It continues through this book and it seemed right.  This story was more real to me than any other story ever.  The happy ending was happy...for now.  We have seen that there is more danger out there for the Cullen family and they will most likely have to endure.  But for now, they have some peace.  That is what I felt at the end of this book was peace.  Some day, the story could go on.  But for now we must let it end and Stephanie Meyer ended it well.    When the fifth book is released, I will get it immediately and devour it as quickly as the others.  And I will be extremely happy to do so!  Because Stephanie Meyer's has created more that a series of books, but a pop culture phenom!
B000ELJBAK|5.0|Pink Floyd guitarist David Gilmore went solo with this self titled LP when I was in high school. As a devoted Pink Floyd fan I bought it then. It did not dissapoint, it was 'Floyd flavored' with his distinctive vocals and guitar riffs. It also took the departures that I'm sure he wanted to try with the band, but that didn't fit in with their latest releases; Wish You Were Here and Animals.    I recently purchased the album on CD and 'bam' I was back in time listening to a great LP that still holds up from a talented, versatile singer and axe man.    Highly recommended for Floyd fans who missed it the first time around or like me who were just missing it.
031606792X|5.0|I do not understand the negative feelings surrounding this book. A true and devoted SM fan would expect nothing more then this.  This book does not follow the same flow as the other books, but I believe that is because we are dealing with a whole different aspect: the rebirth of a new Bella and Edward.  Everything must evolve and change and this book is the depiction of the evolution for not only Bella, but Bella and Edwards relationship. To say this book is only about violence, sex, and the loss of the free will of Bella makes me sad.  This book is none of those thing! I believe it is a wonderfully written story with a very happy ending for Edward and Bella.  Bella gets what she wants, and we all know that's Bella! Once she makes up her mind, she will not stop for nothing!  And in the end that's what happens.
031606792X|2.0|I eagerly anticipated this book along with thousands of others... but in the  end it did not live up to my expectations.  Basically books 1-3 were wonderful and believable even though the subject matter was so supernatural, the characters connected and the plot line was interesting... this book was of a totally different feeling.  It was almost 100% focused on the supernatural which made it feel unbelievable. And the plot line was outrageously ridiculous but at the same time boring.    1. It felt like the characters were suddenly empty... without the same amount of depth as in the other three books.    2. Events were too \\"convenient\\"    3. It felt like rising action, rising action, rising action - then NO CLIMAX.  Like a blockbuster kung-fu movie without the big final fight at the end. Not that I really wanted people to die, but come on!! It could have been amazing if they actually  fought and defeated the Volturi etc.    Maybe I'll have to make up my own ending...
B00006JSS8|5.0|omg, i am a big Stevie Wonder fan,  i grew up with his music, i think this cd is the best one, it has a little bit of all his music, from when he first started, to recent music..
031606792X|4.0|I enjoyed this book.  I didn't look for a message and I don't care about being taught a lesson.  There are other books for that kind of thing.  The book was pure fun and centered on a universal theme, the desire to never be seperated from your love ones or family. Bravo Mrs Meyers
031606792X|5.0|I was worried when I read all of the negative reviews about, \\"Breaking Dawn.\\"  I had the book delivered while we were away on vacation and I began reading it at 8:00 one evening, and couldn't even function properly until I finished it the next morning.  I loved every minute of this story.  I, unlike so many others, love that the ending was happy.  So many bad things happened in the previous novels, and I was so happy with the ending of this series!  I already miss Bella and Edward (especially Edward!!)though, and I wish there were more stories coming.  As an older reader (I'm in my thirties!), I just couldn't get enough of these characters. I have always loved vampire stories and romances, so this was perfect for me!  I read all four books over the past three weeks and loved them all. I hope that all of Stephenis Meyers fans give this final book a chance!  I don't know why everyone wanted the ending to be so full of angst... it is a perfect ending to an awesome love story.
031606792X|5.0|I have never been so addicted to a series!  This one did not disappoint me at all! What is the problem? It is FICTION, people, and the writer has the reins. I was just along for the wild ride and I enjoyed the whole trip.  How cool is it to be able to share these books within your little circle of family and friends. They all love it! They all want to talk about it.  It becomes a \\"common bond\\" of communication. I really am grateful to Stephenie Meyer for letting me experience her dream.
B00008WT5E|5.0|If you are a person looking for classic rock music. This is one of those albums to look for. It is not one of their big albums, it is often overlooked. But every song on this record is great. ROCK N ROLL DAMNATION is the title track and a great song to jam to. There is very excellent guitar solo on GONE SHOOTIN, and another great guitar solo is on RIFF RAFF. a great song to drive in your car and drive around in is GIMME A BULLET. I strongly recommend to buy this one. Even if you are not that big on AC/DC
B0000AYJXR|5.0|Space Jam as a movie has always held a special place in my heart. Being 12 years old as of this review, I have to say this movie has aged really well. Starring a real comic legend in Bill Murray and an acting great, Danny DeVito doing a voice over; this movie was destined to succeed. The real surprise for everyone was the performance of Michael Jordan. Although not exactly Sidney Poitier he did his job of being the face of this movie and when you make a movie with basketball as the main focus, you couldn't not have Michael Jordan.<br /><br />The story goes that aliens from a theme park world named Moron Mountain, need a new attraction. Whilst throwing around ideas the evil boss, Mr. Swackhammer decides that he must get the Looney Tunes. He sends his cronies to Looney Tune land and get the Looney Tunes; whether they want to or not. The tunes not willing to go quietly challenge the aliens to a game of basketball in which, if they lose they have to work at Moron Mountain. Forever. Before the game, the alien team become known as the Monstars and they steal the basketball abilities of some of the greatest players in the NBA. The Looney Tunes know that the only way they can win this game is to kidnap Michael Jordan and have him play on their side.<br /><br />This is a genuinely fun movie that is good to entertain the whole family. The effects aren't groundbreaking, but to see the Looney Tunes in a new adventure gives us some great nostalgia. Like I said, Michael Jordan isn't made to be an actor and it's shown in this movie. If you're one to go into every movie and criticise acting ability then I would suggest you leave your brain at the door for this one. An overall great movie that all the family can enjoy.
031606792X|5.0|The main pain this book brought me was that it was over too soon.  I've read others giving this book bad reviews due to everything working out when in real life this doesn't always happen.  Just want to remind everyone that in a world of vampires, shapeshifters, and werewolves I don't think you should be expecting reality.  This is part of the reason I read these kind of books.  Loved it from start to finish though the pregnancy was kind of worrisome.  Too, when it started telling the story from Jacob's perspective I wasn't so keen on it for about the first page - then it totally sucked me in and sooo made things work out better later after seeing things from his perspective.    Hope to hear more of Nessie (don't tell Bella that I used this nickname LOL)in the future.
B00003CX5P|5.0|I love this movie because its a way to make sure you can connect all the dots about the movie. I love how all the Star Wars movies come together and still make sense from the first movies made.
031606792X|5.0|This book has so many stories in it. Bella grows tremendously in this novel as a human and as immortal. There are some very down parts in this book warning to reader do not get deceived it gets better trust me. It ends as I always wished it did. Thank you stephenie for writing a brilliant novel that all ages can enjoy
B000002AZ8|4.0|If you are just discovering pearl jam, this album is not for you at first. It still has some rock tunes like SPIN THE BLACK CIRCLE, CORDUROY, LAST EXIT, SATAN'S BED, NOT FOR YOU, BETTER MAN, WHIPPING. There is some experiemental stuff on here, like BUGS, AYE DAVAITA, PRY TO, and FOXYMOP HANDLE ITS ME. One other hit is TREMOR CHRIST, it charted at number 18 on the hot 100 but is now largely forgotten. But I do recomend buying this after you buy their first two records TEN and VS
B00007LTIL|5.0|What makes this masterpiece speak for itself is the main ingredient none other than the tight harmonies flowing throughout this entire recording, infested with strong lyrics. \\"Attics Of My Life\\", smoothly flows like a fine wine remenisant of the Beatles classic, Sun King. And so Classic is as classic does in Jerry Garcia's signature tune, \\"Ripple\\", among other notable tunes, \\"Sugar Magnolia\\", \\"Operator\\", \\"Friend Of The Devil\\", \\"Box Of Rain\\". The tight instrumentation is partially subdued on this album leaving the vocals more room to stand out painting a visual in the listeners mind. Another Grateful Dead classic, it's essential containing sixteen remastered tracks, ten are of the original 1970 album, the extra bonus six are live versions, Truckin', Friend Of The Devil, Til The Morning Comes... this Rhino audio is superior. A real American Beauty...also check out the remastered Workingman's Dead release, Garcia's steel playing is unsurpassable.
031606792X|4.0|I actually liked this book.  It was easy for me to read, but I have not been as obsessed with this book as I have been with Stephenie's other Twilight books.  I gave it 4 stars because I think there was such an anticipation for the \\"big fight\\", that when it didn't happen, I was a little disappointed.  Also I was a lot disappointed with Jake imprinted on Bella and Edwards little girl.  I just wasn't expecting that to happen, and it was a little creepy for me.  I think Stephenie is a great story teller, and can't wait for more stories from her.
031606792X|5.0|Breaking Dawn was a wonderful, enthralling fairytale that kept me up late at night to see what happened next.  I LOVED it.  All those overly invested ubber critical readers really need to take a step back and just enjoy the \\"what if\\" quality of SM's work.  True, the ending smacked of cliche and overdone but isn't that what everyone loves about Shakespeare and his Romances? In fact the borrowing of Shakespearean plot lines lends more fairytale quality to a beautiful love story.    In the end, however, Beauty is trully in the eye of the beholder--physical as well as literary.  Any reader wondering about this book needs to ask themselves if they are a true romantic looking for a good story or if they are an overly emotional critic trying to fulfill intelectual needs through modern literature.  If you are the second, don't bother--but if you are the first, I say open and be swept away.
1878424505|1.0|First of all this is a very basic book.  I have big issues with page 30 right from the get go.  He says the word is powerful and is a force....I beg to differ.  Things are just  symbols of symbols, thus twice removed from reality, and the word IS the symbol!  It's the thoughts we think that give us power and give us light to see what we REALLY are, not the word.  He states a familar bible phrase, \\"In the beginning was the word, and the word was with God,and the word is God.\\"  No.... I'm sorry, God doesn't DO words or any other \\"idols\\"  He only does creation... in the form of loving, expansive thoughts. Yes we, (as children of God), are  thoughts in the mind of God, and have NEVER left.  Ideas leave NOT their source. He also gives a definition of sin, which I don't beleive in, and therefore can't possilbly be correct!  The truth MUST be the same for eveyone! So while this book may have some good things to say, I so disagree with most of it's main premises, that it will serve  no good purpose to reccommend it or reread it.
B0000027RL|5.0|Ten is a landmark not only in rock history but in music in general. The album has been certified as 12x platnium, thats above Nirvana Nevermind album.  First of all, there is a lot of great songs on here. Alive is a song that is totally misunderstood, most people think its an ispirational anthem, it is part autobiographical and part fiction. The kids mom tells him that he thinks is his father is his stepdad and his real dad was dead and the mom turns to sexually embrace her son. JEREMY is about a kid who was real quiet and goes in front of his classroom and shoots himself. RELEASE is a song about his father. OCEANAS is a song about eddie that had love for his surfboard. PORCH is a song about if you love someone, tell them
031606792X|4.0|Breaking dawn was a fun read.  There was adventure, and gore, and love, and it wasn't entirely predictable.  I did read some of the reviews/ spoilers before i got the book so i was a bit scared to pick it up.  However, maybe because i know a little of what was going to happen, i didn't find it too horribly shocking.  I say young girls should not read this book.  The sex scenes aren't too descriptive, but they also aren't appropriate for young girls.  I'm not so sure the sexual tension in the first three books was either for that matter.  These books are obsessive.  I think that alot of fans daydreamed about them so much that they already had a story outlined in their head, and when Breaking Dawn deviated from their fantasy they were pretty upset about it.  I would have found a book where Bella sat around all day comparing herself to her perfect Edward and not recognizing her own strengths (which are never brought forward too much) would have been tortuous.  Finally there's some equality-she can actually do something.  And the relationship had to either progress or regress.  Some seemed to be really upset about her being married so young.  She definitely had the commitment there.  The plot moved quickly enough to keep you interested and although the end was agreeably anticlimatic, it was a wild ride none the less.    If you want a good book that's thought provoking, deep, meaningful and lifechanging, read Les Miserables, To Kill a Mockingbird, Man's search for Meaning, A Tale of Two Cities, The Story of my Life by Helen Keller- and so on.  If you're just looking for a fun read or a \\"guilty pleasure\\"-here you go.
031606792X|5.0|PLOT SPOILERS BELOW:    I really enjoyed this book.  I wasn't sure about reading things from Jake's point of view, until I realized that it really filled us in on the things that were going on while Bella was pregnant......and I say.....even though she did get everything:  wonderful husband, devoted best friend, baby and a family forever....WHY NOT?......it is just a fantasy after all.  I enjoyed this book and you should too.  It's nice to read something that has a happy ending!
031606792X|1.0|Unfortunately this book is not of the same calibre as the previous three. Where are all the amusing quips and easy humour that contributed to the strength of the characters? That 'perfect' love story, with all its warts, has been overwritten by a need to fill the pages with a series of boring and indigestable by-lines. I can't bring myself to waste the time to finish reading it.
B000OCXF0Q|5.0|If you are a huge avril fan, you will enjoy this. It is nothing new for her music career, but all the songs are awsome. My favorite is the title track \\"the best damn thing\\" it is the type that should have been released as a single during the summer of 2007. I should also say that there is a clean and parental advisory version of the album. That's right avril got a quite bit of cursing in it. She cusses in Girlfriend,I can do better,I dont have to try, Everything back but you.
1594489505|5.0|This book is by far the best book I have read to date. This book will open your eyes and heart to those who suffer so greatly over in Iraq, not only that but it is a tremendous story of love and courage that a mother has for children. A must read!
031606792X|2.0|I am a mother of 4, 34 years old, and a twilight fan. So count me as part of the numbers who did not enjoy Breaking Dawn. I loved the others, but this book was a major disapointment.  So many things could have been done, I feel Meyers wrote herself into a corner and took the easy way out of it. To have such a captive young following and influence them in the negative is a misuse of her talents.  **Spoliers***  I take issue with a few graphic images during the birth (throwing up blood, Edward biting the baby out of Bella). If she wanted to add a little action, it would have better been served toward the end, instead we get a very anti-climatic stand off.  The whole Jake and Nessi imprinting is mentally disturbing. As a mother, the thought of anyone I even dated once taking up a relationship with my daughter is repulsive.  My last issue with Breaking Dawn is the lack of consequences Bella or Edward must endure for her choice. Yes, we all wanted her to become a Vampire, but we also knew it was wrong and some consequence should have followed for her actions. This is where Meyer's had a chance to shine, but chose the easy way out and now Meyers is dealing with the consequences of her fans.    I too have noticed how established sites tend to be bending the comments. Meyer has told us she is \\"thin-skinned\\", I can understand that. She put herself out there and gave us 3 great books. For me, I will add my own little ending and keep Breaking Dawn from my daughter. I would rather just imagine what becomes of my Vampire family than have Breaking Dawn's memory stuck in my head.    This said, I hope Meyer doesn't give up writing, just hope she thinks about her fans next time.
031606792X|2.0|I really tried to like this book...but I just couldn't. I loved the rest of this series, but this book did not meet the caliber of the others. The only reason I gave it two stars instead of one was because it gave me some closure.     My problems with the book have been re-stated by other reviewers, but here are my main concerns:    1. The charachters were not consistent with previous books. All charachters should develop, but they should still maintain some consistency. I felt that the charachters in BD especially Bella were completely OOC. Also, it became hard to relate to Bella after she becomes a vampire. Your book is in trouble when you can't relate to the main charachter. P.S. Do not start calling main charachters by nicknames like \\"Jazz\\" halfway through the book.     2. Rosealie takes a huge roll (arguablly the least likeable charachter in the series) while main likeable charachters like Alice and Edward take a back seat.      3. Bella has a baby. This story had so much potential and lost all of it the moment that Bella had the baby. It took all the focus off the main charachters and put it all on the baby (don't even get me started on the name) and Rosealie and Jacob. Jacob was probably the only consistent charachter in the novel, and even he became \\"creepy\\" by the end. I saw the imprinting coming, but still \\"ick\\". He could easily have ended up with Leah and still had a happy ending. Despite this not so wonderful plot twist, Jacob still came out as one of the most likeable charachters, where in previous books I didn't like him as much. In previous books I was completely in camp Edward and by the end of this book I felt like I could care less about Edward or Bella. Jacob was one of the few \\"developed\\" charachters in the book.     4. No one had to work for anything. Even in fairytales people make sacrifices and face obstacles. In this story all Bella had was a difficult birth (which shouldn't have been able to happen) and suddenly everything works out. Even the Volturi are completely impotent.     5. Lastly, I am not completely comfortable with the message this book sends. I was looking for a light read, but the messages in this book are really negative. No, I don't believe that teenagers will now run off and get married and have babies young because of this book but it is still not a positive message. \\"Hey kids! It's okay to get married and have no life outside of your spouse. You too can have a baby to support, mansion, and fabulous cars without the benefit of a collsge education.\\"       I was expecting a light and fluffy read like Twilight which would bring me closer to my favorite charachters and provide a satisfying ending to one of my favorite series. In the end I was given a conclusion that was not satisfying and the sense that there was so much potential for this book and this series that was completely wasted. I still love SM but this book was extremely dissapointing.
0385474547|1.0|This was the absolute WORST book I've ever read in my life.  My English teacher made me read it over the summer and I hated it.  It's this boring hard to understand book about this guy in Nigeria just livin' his life.  Then he accedentally kills this kid and is sent into excile for seven years.  These people come from Europe trying to make the people more civilized and become Christians.  So this guy gets mad when he comes back from exile.  While they were at a meeting trying to figure out what to do, a messenger comes and the guy gets mad and shoots him.  Then he goes home and hangs himself.  All of that happens in the three hundred pages.  It was an awful book and I would not suggest it to anyone.  I wish I could give it no stars.  Yeah, it was that bad.
B0000AQS0F|3.0|First off, Firefly is a sort of derivative of of a Gene Rodenberry show called Andromeda which in turn, took a lot of its ideas from Babylon-5. For some reason, everybody has heard of Firefly, despite the fact that it died after 13 episodes, but nobody has heard of Andromeda, which ran for 5 years. This is unfortunate, as from what I remember, Andromeda was more interesting (so was Farscape, which I also mostly didn't see).<br /><br />Still, Firefly wasn't bad. Like many modern TV shows, it has only a little bit of plot (think; freaks in a cowboy space truck), but it makes up for it with strong characterization and back story. It's not about anything, but the characters are sort of interesting. There is a cowboy captain, whose main purpose is to serve as a heart throb for the sexbomb prostitute. Sexbomb hooker is actually pretty convincing; I've known women like her. They weren't hookers though (hookers tend to be a lot less sensitive and sentimental, and they're usually not that clean looking), and they were all from L.A. -which I guess is sort of like being from outer space. There is a beefy tough black lady who looks like Tina Turner, who always calls the Captain, \\"sir\\" like Peppermint Patty called Charlie Brown, and her laughably unlikely surfer-weasel husband. There is a nerd girl for an engineer, a wimpy upper class doctor and his psychotic teenage sister. There is also an Orc called Shane, who is, of course, my favorite character, and some kind of preacher dude who was good at acting wise and benign, and who appeared to have interesting secrets. The villains are amusing sadistic bastards, and the characters all had enough back story and depth to them (well, the psycho chick had no depth, but she was supposed to look deep), that it would have made an entertaining series if it had not gone straight to the DVD bin.<br /><br />One of the things which made Firefly unique is it is the first science fiction program made exclusively from a female perspective. The leading men in the show are all completely harmless, benevolent-to-women characters, except for Shane, who is made the butt of jokes when he's not actively playing the role of a cut-rate villain. Women drive most of the plot, and catering to female emotional needs is the purpose of the non-villainous male characters. Many of the situations were nerd girl obsessions, like the idea that dudes might fight over her, or that some redneck would want to own her uterus for breeding purposes. Personally, I have never even met an unmarried man who got a woman pregnant on purpose. They might exist somewhere, but the idea of a guy wanting to keep some broad captive for breeding purposes .... well, let's just call that a peculiarly female fantasy, probably brought on by reading silly bodice-ripping books by Margaret Atwood. It's pretty weird watching a TV show that so blatantly caters to the nerd girl mindset, but there you have it. I think the guy who made it also had something to do with Buffy the Vampire Slayer, so, no big surprise there. I don't really mind it, though I occasionally wished they'd land their dumb bumble bee looking space ship someplace where they'd have to deal with real trouble. Also, the tough black chick needed to dump her surf bum husband and shack up with Shane or the hot prostitute.<br /><br />Ratings: one blast from a 45-70 mare's leg gun, and a right cross from a tough black chick.show are all completely harmless, benevolent-to-women characters, except for Shane, who is made the butt of jokes when he's not actively playing the role of a cut-rate villain. Women drive most of the plot, and catering to female emotional needs is the purpose of the non-villainous male characters. Many of the situations were nerd girl obsessions, like the idea that dudes might fight over her, or that some redneck would want to own her uterus for breeding purposes. Personally, I have never even met an unmarried man who got a woman pregnant on purpose. They might exist somewhere, but the idea of a guy wanting to keep some broad captive for breeding purposes .... well, let's just call that a peculiarly female fantasy, probably brought on by reading silly bodice-ripping books by Margaret Atwood. It's pretty weird watching a TV show that so blatantly caters to the nerd girl mindset, but there you have it. I think the guy who made it also had something to do with Buffy the Vampire Slayer, so, no big surprise there. I don't really mind it, though I occasionally wished they'd land their dumb bumble bee looking space ship someplace where they'd have to deal with real trouble. Also, the tough black chick needed to dump her surf bum husband and shack up with Shane or the hot prostitute.    Ratings: one blast from a 45-70 mare's leg gun, and a right cross from a tough black chick.
B00005A46T|5.0|[[VIDEOID:24178271]]
0440237688|5.0|This book, to me, was just brilliant.  I love the idea of another time and society, which were expressed so originally in this story.  Rules, safety, everything made for what could have been a perfect society.  But it is what lies beneath these things, what they choose to cover up, that makes the story really interested.<br /><br />Jonas, at twelve, grows up way too fast.  It is traditional for twelve year olds of his society to be an adult at 12, but Jonas is the only one who truly experiences any real growth.<br /><br />Given the choice to protect the world they live in or unleash everything unknown, he has  a powerful choice to make, and does so accordingly.<br /><br />This book gripped me right up until the end, which was the only slight let-down.  While the end was good, it wasn't great, as the rest of the book was.  But overall, I highly recommend this book to everyone.  An instant classic.
031606792X|5.0|I believe Breaking Dawn was an AMAZING ending to the series!  Not many stories have happy endings these days and I was SO glad this one did! SPOILER ALERT!        And Edward and Bella having a baby was just perfect!  You wouldn't BELIEVE how shocked I was when I found out she was pregnant!  I always thought it wouldn't be possible for them and that made me sad because I thought it would be the most perfect thing for them to be this perfect family! My wish came true!    Great job Stephenie! (it was so cool meeting u at the concert in chicago btw!)
B000K4WPCC|3.0|Not a bad movie i think was too busy watching the guys yummy when they are together.. But for real was watchable a little predictable but still watchable.
B0019FOC5E|5.0|I loved this sound track.  The film made me smile the whole time.  It was so over the top.  Great to sing to.  The actors do a respectable job, especially Meryl Streep.  I warm up first with [[ASIN:B000297VQA Voice Lessons To Go Volume 1: Vocalize and Breath]] and then sing through the sound track.<br />Hey I live in LA and am stuck forever driving in freeway traffic.-  Mamma Mia, helps to pass the time.
031606792X|2.0|I'm sure like all the millions of Twilight fans, we were all on the edge of our seats, eager to get our hands on Breaking Dawn.  And sadly I think our overwhelming eagerness may have gotten to Stephenie Meyer and her publishers.  In their rush to meet our desire for more Bella/Edward/Jacob, Breaking Dawn was written to meet deadlines - they figured \\"Let's get this book out\\" when the fans' appetite was at a fever pitch.  Screw character development, plot development, and an ending that could be painful - who cares?  As long as a 700+ page book is printed with a beautiful cover, we can call it a day, right?    Like the other reviews mentioned here, I am sadly disappointed at what Meyer has offered as her conclusion to the Bella/Edward/Jacob drama. To me, it feels like in the seeming haste to get this book out in stores, everything was sped up and glazed over!  For instance, Bella is still human at the start of the story.  But for some reason, common human reactions to her situations were somehow forgotten.  Examples - #1) Where was Bella's serious internal struggle with leaving her humanity behind?  Where was her true fear of leaving Charlie?  Leaving friends, leaving school (granted, we know she didn't develop strong ties w/ Jessica/Angela, but still!)?  Bella's take: \\"Immortality?  Sure why not?!\\"  #2) We know how she has issues with marriage (hello, \\"I'm not that girl!\\")...where was her panic attack episode at the idea of marriage on the very night before her wedding? Bella's take: \\"Just throw the wedding dress on me, I'll be there at the altar.\\"  #3) On the morning after consummating her relationship w/ Edward - wouldn't the bruises scare her at the very least?  Bella's take: \\"I'm beaten and blue, looks good!  As long as I lost my virginity, right?!\\"  #4) And the idea of pregnant with a half-immortal child?  Bella's take: \\"Great!  As long as it's Edward's!\\"    And the ending...this had to be the most talkative vampire on vampire fight ever?  I'm sorry, the word \\"fight\\" is inappropriate.  It was more like sitting in my old college lecture hall and learning the pro's and con's of immortal children from my professor.    Ugh.  I was expecting a deeply touching novel filled with Bella's angst and torture with leaving her humanity and becoming immortal.  I wanted to see Jacob have a serious backlash at her change (despite his approval of Edward biting her to save her life), he could have still felt seriously disapproving of the whole situation upon seeing her crimson eyes!  And let's not even go there with the imprinting on Nessie. How convenient for Jake.  Couldn't get Bella, let's go for her daughter instead.  Next best thing right?    Instead of going for the very emotional, painful, and heartbreaking denouement - Meyer went for standard, commercial, \\"everyone wins\\" approach.      Anything to ring the register and make a buck or two.
031606792X|4.0|I found myself quite pleased with this book.  Everything I wanted to happen did: wedding, baby, bella a vampire, jacob imprinting, edward and bella together forever.  I can't seem to figure out why there are such bad reviews on this book.  It seems that some readers are forgetting that this is a FICTION novel where impossible things CAN happen.  Some readers get so wrapped up in every tiny detail and don't allow themselves just to enjoy a great story, rather they just obsess and nitpick over the most stupid things.  I think Meyer did a nice job of bringing this story to a close by giving all her characters their happily ever after.
031606792X|5.0|The book was great!  I'm only sorry that the book ended.  I want more Edward and Bella!
1591391105|3.0|I purchased this book in concert with a promotion thinking it might be useful during my transition. While it was informative and on point, most of its lessons were obvious to any seasoned leader and frankly it was a very dry read.<br /><br />If you are new to management or have not had much developmental time in improving your management skill this book will be valuable to you. Leadership ? I could recommend a number of better books for the first 90 days...
B000053VAZ|3.0|I received my order in good time. I also enjoyed the movie. You can't go wrong with old-school Johnny Depp films. With that said, I have to mention that the dvd would occasionally freeze up while it was changing chapters. It wouldn't skip, but it was rather annoying for it to freeze up like that for several seconds. It probably has to do with the manufacturing quality. The dvd I received was probably an older one, because newer dvds aren't supposed to freeze up like that when they change chapters.
031606792X|4.0|This book had the ending I really wanted. I just wish it would have had a little more action in it.  I was a little dissapointed when the end ended without a struggle.  It is nice to see a happily ever after.  I am all for another one in the series.  I think the story was left wide open!
031606792X|3.0|This Review conatains some \\"spoilers\\". I love the Twilight saga, but I felt that so much more could have been done with the ending. The book was bizarre in many parts, but it is like a fairy tale. There is nothing that you should take from this book and apply it to your real life. To me this book was just a chance to get away from my everyday life, it was an escape for me. I feel like things were resolved in the end and that was a good thing. I think it was great that they could have a child even though it was strangely bizarre and that jacob was able to find someone to love. I like happy endings. Everyone needs a happy ending.
B000001FA4|5.0|I was a freshman in college when this album was released.  I remember begging my parents to go buy it for me before they came to visit me on campus (in very rural Tennessee - no place to buy new vinyl).  In my opinion this album was the culmination of the raw talent in U2 with the production skills of Eno and Lanois, producing U2's best, most creative work throughout their career.  Sure, they became mega-stars later on, but never again did they release anything with the creative range this album offers.  Eno and Lanois' were able to comprehend the appropriate mood and atmosphere for the topic of the songs and capture it perfectly in the studio, producing an album that stands out amongst many great ones.    My power went out for about 8 hours last Saturday night during a tremendous thunderstorm.  Left with nothing but a fully charged iPod I lay in bed and listened to this album for the first time in a long time and remembered just how great it is, from Bono's soaring vocals to the layered atmospherics of Edge's guitar, and of course the driving rhythm section of Mullens and Clayton.  I highly recommend listening to this from start to finish in a dark room with headphones - truly one of my all-time favorite albums.  It's no coincidence that Brian Eno has had a hand in many of my all-time favorites (see Talking Heads' Remain in Light).
B000Y179KO|3.0|Long Road Out of Eden is a good Eagles album.  Most of the tunes are good - some are great even.  One notices that the subject matter has gotten even more cynical over time..  There are several tunes I do like very much...Waiting In The Weeds, What Do I Do with My Heart, Do Something, Frail Grasp of The Big Picture, etc.    The harmonies are intact, and the musicianship is great.  The production, I must say, is a little too slick for my tastes.   This record sounds pretty sterile and ProTools-ish for my tastes.    IMO...Don Felder is noticeably absent both in sound and in spirit.  His guitar playing (and other instruments) and his compositional/arranging sense gave the Eagles music a lot of power, style, and class.  Now that he's gone from the band, their music just isn't the same anymore.      Its too bad that Henley and Frey (aka the powers that be) are too discontent and self-serving that they couldn't keep Don Felder who is the band's best-kept secret, and IMO the most undervalued and underrated guitarist in popular music.
031606792X|5.0|The book was absolutely phenomenal, the story arcs ended naturally and everyone ended up where they were supposed to.    Also, props to Ms. Meyer for not cheating the fans out of the sexual relationship between Bella and Edward while at the same time keeping it tasteful enough that my youngers sisters can enjoy the book as well.      I think that its important to remember with series' that go as deep emotionally as this one has that the characters are not ours. They belong to themselves and to someone else and while its nice to lose yourself in their story, you are not the one that ultimately decides their fate.     that being said, I love this series, and I dont think that Stephenie Meyer could have ended Bella and Edwards story on a more natural note. :D
B000Q6GUW0|5.0|***(SPOILER ALERT)***I watched the entire 1st season straight thru. Clever, almost artistic the way that Dexter disposes of the VERMIN of Miami with little to no degree of difficulty. He's a well trained, well thought out \\"Good Guy Doing Bad Things\\" with sociapathic tendecies who just happens to work for the Miami Police Department as a Foresics Blood Spatter expert. Yes he's a seriel killer but he only kills the bad people who truly deserve his form of justice. The characters on this show are dead bang casted! Nobody else could really play their parts because you're drawn into them...Jennifer Carpenter is brilliant as Dexter's Spastic but cute sexy soon to be bad a@@ sister Deb who wants to be loved so badly she literally puts herself in harms way( you'll see what I mean). Harry Morgan is played by  James Remar( I knew him best from his role in \\"The Warriors\\" as AJAX) to a fantastic tee, Dexters step father who teaches him that the most important things are to not get caught and to blend in with the world. Harry rescues Dexter from a crime scene that later comes back to HAUNT Dexter aswell as almost everybody else inadvertant or not. Dexter lives by the \\"Code Of Harry\\" which is the belief system or criteria Harry set up for Dexter to determine those who were or are the ones who Dexter can justify killing.<br />In the first season Dexter finds he is very fond of his new girlfriend (Rita) & 2 kids (Aster & Cody) and really cares for Debra as well as a developing sense of freedom internally ( this is more apparent at the end of the second season). Dexter finds he is not an only child as he believed...he has a Brother ( Rudy/Brian or Bynee). His brother has longed for a reunion and it comes at the expense of those closest to Dexter...the twist is brilliant and is the reason you'll be hooked!!!<br />Ther supporting cast rounded out by Eric King as SGT James Doakes, an EX special opts agent who \\"is the only one who gets the creeps from Dexter\\"( the second season reveals ALOT MORE!!!), the always HOT Lauren Velez as LT Maria LaGuerta ,the sexy boss who is a bit flurtatious but who cares cause like I said she's HOT!!!, David Zayas As Angel Batista smart cop but not so smart in his quest that finds him looking for love in all the wrong places, C.S. Lee as Vince Masuka is the ultimate Pervert!...Julie Benz plays the fragile but wanting to love and be loved girlfriend, Rita. Christian Camargo is Dexter's Blood Brother who is a Prosthetist by day and wow...what a surprise...a seriel killer by night!!! Michael C. Hall is MASTERFUL as Dexter...he really pulls you in, in fact he is so good as Dexter he may find it hard to leave this character but then again no Dexter fan wants to think of the end of the show...The cast is perfect, the episodes are suspenceful and alluring with a bit of SEX, a lot of KILLING and the overall maturing of the killer, lover, forensics blood splatter expert...one Dexter Morgan. Hang on because this is only the first season...it will make watching season 2 a matter of...shall we say...life and death!!!ORE!!!), the always HOT Lauren Velez as LT Maria LaGuerta ,the sexy boss who is a bit flurtatious but who cares cause like I said she's HOT!!!, David Zayas As Angel Batista smart cop but not so smart in his quest that finds him looking for love in all the wrong places, C.S. Lee as Vince Masuka is the ultimate Pervert!...Julie Benz plays the fragile but wanting to love and be loved girlfriend, Rita. Christian Camargo is Dexter's Blood Brother who is a Prosthetist by day and wow...what a surprise...a seriel killer by night!!! Michael C. Hall is MASTERFUL as Dexter...he really pulls you in, in fact he is so good as Dexter he may find it hard to leave this character but then again no Dexter fan wants to think of the end of the show...The cast is perfect, the episodes are suspenceful and alluring with a bit of SEX, a lot of KILLING and the overall maturing of the killer, lover, forensics blood splatter expert...one Dexter Morgan. Hang on because this is only the first season...it will make watching season 2 a matter of...shall we say...life and death!!!
B00003CX8Y|4.0|i loved this movie when it first came out. i lost it and now i am glad to have it back in my collection again
031606792X|4.0|I decided to read the first book in the Twilight series a few months ago, and i was hooked before the first book was done.  I got the last book the day it came out and finished it few days ago, i still enjoyed it as much as the first but somethings did seem more forced then the other books did, didn't flow as naturally and no big fight for the climax at the end as in the others.  I do appreciate that she did try to tie up all the loose ends, overall not the best in the series, but still a nice closure to the series.
031606792X|5.0|From the other reviews I've seen, this seems to be a love it or hate it book. Everything I wanted to happen did. It may have not been in the way I would have expected, but I like to be surprised sometimes. Reading a book where you already expect everything is boring. There should always be some surprises along the way to keep the reader interested. I liked how we were able to see Bella return to being less dependent on Edward. Her character finally grows up some. Other reviewers have mentioned that it seemed like she went from 18 to 30 in one chapter. But isn't that what is supposed to happen when you have a baby? When another life is dependent on you, you have to put your feelings, needs, and desires aside. This is exactly what she did. I felt like it made her character stronger instead of weaker as some have suggested. Others have also suggested that Jacob imprinting on Nessie is a cop-out. It may be, but it worked out. Some think it's creepy, and I have to admit at first thought it's a little weird. She'll be fully grown at age 7 and, one would assume, married to Jacob shortly thereafter. It's strange for sure, but you can't really think of her, or any of the characters, in terms of human years. She might be 7 human years old, but she's not human. Just like Edward is over a hundred human years old. You have to stretch your mind some, your imagination, and stop measuring inhuman characters against human measurements.    The main thing I missed in this novel is Bella's interpretation of how Edward is feeling, usually based on his facial expressions or body language. It seemed like he was missing from alot of the story though he was physically there. The story is from Bella's point of view though. I'm hoping Stephanie will decide to write it from Edward's point of view so we can see what he is feeling as well (or at least post a couple of extras on her website). I'm greatly looking forward to Midnight Sun. I've read the first chapter on her website and from the looks of it, I may like it more than Twilight. I look forward to any other novels published by Stephanie and will always be an avid fan.
032147404X|5.0|First off, I like the way author Scott Kelby makes you feel as if he is taking you out, teach you personally.  He takes the mystery out of getting those nice sharp pictures that, if you were like I was, are very elusive.  He tells you straight what you need to do, how to best spend your hard earned cash, and shares some great tips and tricks, as well.  Besides being very informative, this book is also entertaining.  You can read it straight through, but also can get a lot out of it if you pick it up for 5 minutes and learn bit by bit.  I am back on Amazon right now to buy his next book.    You know those shots when the planets lined up, a polar bear kisses a penguin, a full solar eclipse during a lightning storm, etc. that you were so stoked to get the pic, only to see it later and have it out of focus, overexposed, what have you...those days are gone.  Quit reading reviews and get the damn book already.
031606792X|5.0|I absolutely adored the book. I'm shocked that people had issues with it. Simply put, Bella is not in the same place of life as she once was. She has grown and matured. You shouldn't expect to hear the obsession over Edward anymore and alot less drama. She got her man, plain and simple. There was plenty of conflict, it was a happy ending. I thought the writing was wonderful and I cannot understand why true Twilighters would have wanted a non-happy ending.  Maybe it's because I am a TwilightMOM and understand Bella's view better? I'm not sure. I just think Stephenie ended the series beautifully and I applaud her!!!
031606792X|5.0|I have loved reading the whole series and this last book was no exception. I think SM did an amazing job of creating the ultimate happy ending. I don't see what is wrong with that!
031606792X|2.0|I have to say, after the first amazing, addictive books in this \\"saga\\" I feel SO let down by this one.  SM really dropped the ball.  It felt forced and one dimentional next to the rest of them.  It was tied up WAY too neatly, I should have expected it when the last chapter was called \\"Happily Ever After\\".  While reading it I got the feeling she just wanted to get it over with.  I feel like this book goes against alot of the rules SM set for herself in this world she created.  Her characterization was not even close to wonderful job she did with previous books.  And I cant say that I like the message of the book.  Get married, skip out on college, no work ever, sex all the time and dont worry about having a baby they arent much work they pretty much take care of themselves and if not someone else will take care of it for you.  Responsibility, whats that?  I expected a little of this just because they were getting married while Bella was so young but it all went too far!  Another complaint, there is some seriously creepy stuff going on with all the baby imprinting.  Im sorry but its just weird to \\"be\\" with someone that you changed diapers for when they were young.  And whats up with the whole \\"Jazz\\" thing anyway? You cant give someone a nickname 4 books in! :)    In the end it didnt feel like SM wrote it at all, at times I was left seriously wondering if it wasnt a bunch of cut and paste fan fictions all slapped together to make a quick book.  Here's hoping that this is the only SM disappointment, you cant be great all the time I suppose, especially on a deadline.  She's such a promising writer, I still look forward to the future.
B001CC7PP8|3.0|I would say I want the version as the director intended, not a censored print. Hello Universal?    As detailed here [...]    One piece of footage was even included on the previous Universal CE dvd, in the making documentary as 'censored footage'. It's in the vaults...
B000P6XU5G|4.0|The movie Rio Bravo is one of the all time greats in my opinion, but I am specifically reviewing the Blu-Ray version of the movie here.<br /><br />This Howard Hawks Rio Bravo with John Wayne and Dean Martin is one of the all time best western movies.  Make no mistake, if I were to be rating the movie alone, it would receive 5 stars.  It is the strength of this movie that gets 4 stars for this review, but I could not award 5 stars for this Blu-Ray version since that is presumably the reason a person would be reading this review.  That is, they are considering spending the few extra dollars to purchase this Blu-Ray version.<br /><br />In a nutshell, I would stick with this [[ASIN:B000O599WG Rio Bravo (Two-Disc Special Edition)]]  version of Rio Bravo if I had it to do all over again.  It just seems that the transfer for this Blu-Ray version is not all that crisp.  It does not really seem an improvement upon the Two-Disc Special Edition DVD that is close to half the price.  This is not to say that the transfer is awful.  It just seems that the picture and audio are about as good as it's going to get with the DVD version.  That is, short of a complete rework of the master for transfer.<br /><br />Now back to the movie.  Anyone who loves westerns and/or John Wayne would likely appreciate having the movie Rio Bravo in their collection.  I think Dean Martin's performance is exceptional.  He shows a depth of character in this role.  Dean Martin shows that he was more than just a singer who was doing some acting.  It appears to me that he had much talent.  John Wayne does his typical excellent performance.  There is more to this movie than would meet the novice eye.  The opening scene provides an ode to the silent era where Dean Martin demonstrates his talent.  Also as a background, this movie was a response of sorts by Howard Hawks and John Wayne to the communist movement in Hollywood of that era.  For students of history and this genre, there are some rather interesting historical dynamics and background to this excellent and entertaining film.d background to this excellent and entertaining film.
031606792X|5.0|I rarely write reviews anymore.  It seems a waste of time.  People will either read the book or not.  However, I couldn't resist when faced with the sheer number of reviewers searching for meaning or lessons in morality within this book.  To put it simply, Breaking Dawn is fiction.  Fantasy fiction. It is not meant as a guide book for life, an instructional reference for teenage girls or an example of acceptable moral behavior.  If one is searching for such books, most books stores have extensive self help sections quite prominently labeled as such.  Getting back to Breaking Dawn however, quite simply, I loved it.  Yes, yes, it was all wrapped up very neatly in the end.  But some of us LIKE it that way.  Happily ever after.  The bad guy is defeated. Just the faintest hint of -maybe they'll be back-.  I adored the full description of Bellas transformation.  I immensely enjoyed reading the parts written from Jacobs perspective.  And no I did NOT think anything was \\"creepy\\" about Jacob imprinting with Nessie.  It allows for the idea of soul mates and those with a true romantic nature would enjoy the reference without trying to read something inappropriate in that part of the story.  Honestly, do people just SEARCH for things to complain about?  I think SM is a fantastic writer and I plan to go out tonight to buy The Host. Can't wait to see more from her.
1896597890|5.0|This Guy is one of the coolest guys. I have this book and his Shenzhen book and I abosolutly love them. I lend them to people all of the time. You can't go wrong with this book. This has to be the very best way to capture a memory. You go under cover with Guy in a way that video cameras and microphones cannot take you. Simply awesome.
031606792X|1.0|I don't know where the plot for this book came from.  It left me with a bad taste in my mouth, and it even managed to suck the joy from the first three books.  The characters that I once really enjoyed were ruined in the final book.  Don't bother reading it.    I wish I hadn't.
B0013FSL3E|4.0|A lot of hullabaloo for nothing. Perfectly boring. What's more on a sensitive subject that is dealt with in such extreme terms that it becomes terroristic. Terroristically antipollution. Terroristically anti-obesity. Terroristically anti-machine and anti-corporation. And on the other side there are two robots who fall in love - ah ah ah I laugh, it is so romantic, the love of a piece of junk with another piece of junk - a cockroach who is definitely not heavy enough to rebalance the situation. A pathetic lack of imagination with even the Zarathustra of Strauss and the allusion to 2001, the Space Odyssey, an allusion that no kid can understand. Walt Disney is winking at the curators of the museum of cinematographic antiquities. In other words it can work in the US because they have no competition from the rest of the world YET. But they should really think twice next time now Spielberg is moving to Dubai and the Chinese are getting ready to take off.<br /><br />Dr Jacques COULARDEAU, University Paris Dauphine, University Paris 1 Pantheon Sorbonne & University Versailles Saint Quentin en Yvelines
031606792X|2.0|I loved the first three books. And I realize that I'm in the huge minority here... but I was always on team Jacob. Edward has always been too emo for my tastes. New Moon was a great book for me because Edward went away for awhile. And if I were Bella, I would never have accepted Edward back into my life so quickly like that. I'm afraid of the message that these books are sending to young girls. Stand by your emo man. Case in point, on Island Esme. If it were my honeymoon and my husband would have treated me like that, refusing sex, angry with me for wanting sex, being all weird and passive aggressive... I would have demanded an annulment. But no, Bella is all apologies. It's really gross. It's like she has no mind of her own... nothing to define who she is except her great love with Edward. Marriage and babies at 18? No no no no... wrong message for young girls. Dangerous. No one really knows who they are at 18... Edward is 17 but happens to be over 90, lucky him. I realize that this is a fantasy but it really kind of takes us girls back a hundred years to when Edward really was 17. Where there is no such thing as feminism.      That being said, I couldn't put the book down. It was still a great story even though I didn't agree with all of it. Meyer is a great storyteller. I just think that deep down, we don't want the same things. I certainly didn't want to be married with a kid at age 18 (and even now in my late twenties)... and I don't really think that any girl should be married at 18. It's the year 2008! Hell, even if a girl were as allegedly mature as Bella (which I really don't think she was, sorry Renee), even if my true love was a vampire (because I would have burned myself at the stake rather than listen to Edward's whining emo crap for all of eternity.)    No, I would have gone to college... and married Jake at the ripe old age of 25. But that's just me.
031606792X|5.0|Come on people, it's just a story. I'll admit, it had some surprises, but I really liked this book, along with others that I know. There's no reason to complain about the moral message here. Hopefully, young adults are getting that kind of guidance from other places than fantasy vampire books. Again, it's just a story. Everyone has a right to their opinion, but I don't think we should beat down Meyer's writing because of some moral lesson you think should be here. I don't think that was the point. It's for entertainment. And I WAS entertained.
B000WZAE1I|5.0|This is a hilarious take on the fantasy genre, and if you enjoy witches, magic and comedy all rolled into one delicious package, then you should see this!
031606792X|4.0|I thought it took a lot of planning for SM to wrap up the series the way she did.  I love happy endings and I feel like this was the perfect way to end the series.  I walked away content.  Thank you Stephanie for this wonderful story.
B000HAB4KS|5.0|The Matrix is a many-layered shoot-em-up pure fantasy for adults.  The post-Ragnark grimness is balanced by the optimism of the Bodhisattva, Neo.  Ten years after this film was made, the technology portrayed is still current, the story is still compelling, it is worth the effort.  Take the red pill.
B000F8O35U|5.0|i am 25 years old and this movie has been my all time favoirte Disney Movie behind Fantasia. I first saw this movie in theaters when my grandmother took me to see it and my mother and i saw it at the Fox Theater the next year. I used to rent it on video when it came out and then i got it not long after it was relesed. Ariel is one of my favorite Disney stars. I have it on video but sadly i can not watch it much anymore. Any how my favorite part of The Little Mermaid is when Eric and Ariel get married in the end. I will always love Teh Little Mermaid.
031606792X|5.0|Okay...so many of the negative reviews are about how unrealistic/creepy/easy the ending was. My view: I wanted a happy ending, I felt so horrible for Jacob that I needed for him to be happy, I wanted him to be able to love Bella and still be okay without her, I wanted the werewolves and vampires to finally become friends/family, I wanted a happy ending. Yes the ending was slightly cheesy and a bit unrealistic, but honestly who wants to read a book that leaves you feeling sad at the ending??? I read fiction so that I can see the happy ending, life doesn't get a happy ending often so I want the stories I read to end happy. Jacob was hurt enough...and for those of you who hate that it's Bella's kid: Meyer explained that part of Jacob's love for Bella was the potential of his true love...and who else is going to be as good a match for Nessie?? Anyway, I loved the book...it left me feeling happy with everything. Great end to a great series!!!!
031606792X|1.0|I have loved and followed the Twilight series since the beginning. It has always been strong writing, beautiful and well developed characters and a gripping storyline. I truthfully didn't care who Bella ended up with, I loved both Edward and Jacob equally. What I truly wanted was for Bella to grow through the tough times ahead. She was making a horrific choice that would change the course of her life forever. It could have caused issues with the Vulturi, with the tribe, there could have been many exciting fights and battles. We could have even had a member of Edward's family become a traitor. Jacob could have died, given the ultimate sacrifice for the woman he loved...heck, Bella could have sacrificed herself for the men she loved. I don't know but anything, ANYTHING, would have been better then this steamer. I can't believe how horrible this book turned out to be. It was like a bad harlequin romance novel with creep factor. The first 100 pages of wedding and honeymoon made me want to gag. The writing was completely off, it wasn't even close to the first three books. I think Stephenie was either under too much pressure or working on too many other projects. I would have preferred, like Harry Potter, to wait an extra year or so and have a good product.     Truthfully, I think Stephenie should re-write it. It could he alternate endings that the reader can choose. I feel, as a fan who has attended her book signings and bought all her books, to include Host which I loved, I feel very let down and betrayed. This was trash in every sense of the word.
0385491026|4.0|I'm somewhat new to Margaret Atwood, having only read \\"The Handmaiden's Tale.\\"  I loved that book, its imagery, and the haunting theme.  I had similarly high hopes for this book, particularly since my best friend of 40 years spoke so highly of Atwood.<br /><br />I enjoyed the portion of the book discussing with Elaine's early years, particularly those dealing with her immediate family.  Perhaps the portion of the book concerning her school years and friends hit too close to home.  It brought back all the feelings I had in junior high of being on the outside looking in, and of wanting desperately to have control over my own life.  The portion of the book dealing with her college years was neither a plus or a minus; the balance of the book was okay.<br /><br />This is a well written, intelligent text which is the reason I gave it four stars.  If you enjoy taunt psychological stories which disturb you and cause you to reflect on your life, as well as that of the characters in the book, then you will like this novel.  If you read for pure pleasure, this probably isn't the book you'd choose for your escape.  Personally, it didn't hold my interest enough to keep me reading until I finished it before I started - and finished - two other books - \\"The Toss of a Lemon\\" and \\"The Gargoyle\\".  I did finish \\"Cat's Eye\\", but it wasn't a book I'd reread.
031606792X|3.0|CAUTION! Spoilers below!!!    As the title of my review implies, I am on the fence about Breaking Dawn. I love, love, loved the three previous books in the saga, (and Stephenie Meyer's non-Twilight novel The Host) but I have mixed feelings about this one. First of all, this book definitely does not deserve a rating of one star. It is enjoyable, has Stephenie Meyer's unusually engaging and witty dialogue, and it has moments of great poignancy. The wedding is great, the wedding night and other bedroom scenes are well handled, and I love that Edward gets a glimpse of Bella's mind at the end. That said, I can't give it five stars either. It isn't anywhere near as satisfying as her previous books.    I know some reviewers have an issue with the internal consistency of Bella having Edward's baby, but I can accept it if that's where Stephenie Meyer wanted things to go. After all, she is the master of the Twilight universe. (Didn't Carlisle ever think to take the right kind of DNA samples--hint-hint--to check if male vampires had the capability of getting a human female pregnant? Oh, well.) I can grit my teeth through the whole Bella's-previous-love-interest-is-now-her-future-son-in-law thing. (At least it explains the Bella/Jacob attraction.) I can even accept Charlie's need-to-know involvement after Bella's a vampire. My love for/obsession with the characters and the previous storylines is strong enough to overlook any of those questionable elements in Breaking Dawn. (I'm still trying to get over the horrific name Reneesme, though.)    There was one thing that kept me from feeling satisfied with Breaking Dawn and thus with the Twilight Saga as a whole.  It feels incomplete.  I hoped this novel would finally answer the one question I've had since Twilight. WHY BELLA? I mean, obviously, she's the protagonist, so the story is about her. But, why is everyone (dangerous, not so dangerous, human, non-human) attracted to her? Why is she a danger magnet? What event/situation/quality causes an otherwise ordinary human girl (born to ordinary parents) to be entwined in the lives of mythical creatures? Her latent power as a shield doesn't explain any of that. Does she have Quileute blood somewhere in her ancestry (which would explain the Jacob/Nessy thing)? Was it her place of birth (Forks, I'd imagine) which somehow marked her as special? Is she the fulfillment of some Native American or vampire prophecy? Was she bitten by a vampire bat as a child? At the end of Breaking Dawn, the reader still does not know why Bella has been singled out for this unique position in the universe. I wholeheartedly agree that she is something special. My question for Stephenie Meyer is...why?  After her change, Bella feels as if she had been born to be a vampire--everything comes so easily to her. Why is that? I could settle for fate/destiny except that Alice's talent makes it quite clear that the characters' free wills determine future outcomes. Yet coincidence seems too weak a reason in light of the heartrending, eternal love of Bella and Edward ...    For me the most disappointing thing is that I expected this series to be another Lord of the Rings or Harry Potter, a series for the ages that would withstand literary analysis and scholarly debate. This final book puts the nail in that coffin, so to speak. It was lacking the strong themes she wove into all her other novels. I'm not sure I could clearly state a theme for Breaking Dawn. I feel almost disloyal to the Twilight characters for rating this novel three stars because I love the story and the characters so much. I also love Stephenie Meyer. She is a phenomenal writer, and I look forward to reading many of her novels in the future. But until her next novel comes out, I'm stuck in Switzerland.
1416550518|4.0|Really enjoyed this book, well written and her next novel the forgotten garden is even better
031606792X|1.0|This was the biggest let down of any book I've ever read. If you like the Twilight Saga, do yourself a favor and don't read Breaking Dawn.
031606792X|2.0|Truthfully, I finished the book because I have an incurable case of whathappensnext? I knew it had to have a happy ending for Bella and Edward, but I was deeply dissapointed by what I consider Stephenie Meyer's major cop outs.     In the first books, yes, I had issues with Bella not having interests besides Edward and Jacob, and her being a total pushover. Edward's a major control freak, Jacob practically sexually assaulting Bella, once again Bella being so weak, etc. But I thought the story was engrossing and gripping. The sacrifices that had to be made for love were emotionally satisfying.    ****spoiler alert****    I'm not going to go into the whole unempowerment thing since other people have commented on length about that here and said it better than I can. I'll just say I completely agree with them that Bella, who's been a rather inmature kid so far, didn't need to be portrayed as having a baby, and just leaving everything behind and never even dedicating a single sentence to Angela Weber or her old friends.    In Breaking Dawn, Bella suddenly gets everything she wants, she doesn't even lose Charlie! Jacob, instead of being heartbroken and running away, gets to imprint on her daughter! (creeptacular, like Jake himself said). Also, isn't there a lot of internal rule breaking going on? Yes, this is a fantasy, but there are rules and logic in every world you create.     I think the writer, either 'cause it's easier or marketing pressured her, whatever, just threw credibility out the window and tried to please everyone with her ending, and ended up pleasing... no one?    Harry Potter's final book was more satisfying, in that he had to work for it a little bit more. I've heard readers complain that Harry never was tempted by the Dark Side and they found that unrealistic or whatever, but at least to me, he had choices to make and he had to take some pain with his happiness.
031606792X|1.0|Before I start, I am a fan of the first three books. Sure, it's not like the other classics but it's fun to read and it has good characters. But this book just made everything turn upside down. Scene after scene was just so different from the first three book that I started to wonder if they were the same characters. There was no character development, the plot line was strange, and frankly I think it's a shame to literature. After you read this, go out and read Shakespeare. Please.
031606792X|5.0|I must say I am dissapointed by the reviews. It feels to me as if the public wanted this book to be sad and depressing. They scoff at the idea of a happy ending and condemn the author for giving the readers a clean break.<br />Ironically I read in one of the reviews about Bella being 18 and influencing students. Not doing college, having a child at an early age.<br />I laugh because they dont seem to get that the book is a work of fiction.<br /><br />Get it! FICTION!<br />She married a vampire and had a kid within a month. Hello!<br />How many teens do you see marrying a vampire in real life? Its people like this who ruin it for the rest. Perhaps the Idea is to \\"ban\\" all fiction in order to keep our children from being \\"influenced\\" by fiction books. God Forbid they watch tv and see real people killing each other.<br />It is very disheartening to hear people say that they love the series but thrash the book.<br /><br />Stephanie,<br />The book was great. I know that it's a work of fiction. Therefore,I liked that you gave everyone a happy ending. The book was thorough and Bella's transition to becoming a mother and vampire was heartbreaking and livening. I read the book many times and love it!<br />Thank You
0060566108|5.0|[[ASIN:1596590688 Blue Ocean Strategy: How to Create Uncontested Market Space and Make the Competition Irrelevant]]    This is one of my favorite book!!
031606792X|1.0|I am so sad to say that this most anticipated book for me in a long time was such a huge disappointment. The characters we have gotten to know and love are not portrayed as they have been in all previous books. The mood of the book is completely different as well. Gone is the romance and love story of Bella and Edward as well as the relationships of all of the characters. There is too much detail in needless areas and not enough in the important relationships in this book. The plot does not make sense or go along with the sagas other books; no logical sense of what we already know of these characters follows through here. I was so looking forward to this book and I can not tell you how disappointed I am. It makes me sad.
B0015UKX7Y|4.0|The Age of the Understatement (2008, Domino) The Last Shadow Puppets' first studio album. ****    Strangely enough, this exciting album is the side project of the Arctic Monkeys' Alex Turner. Rarely do \\"other bands\\" live up to or even excel past the member's main band. The Last Shadow Puppets is one of those bands. The Age of the Understatement is better than both releases by the Arctic Monkeys in every respect; the thunderous guitar riffs and drumwork, the Ennio Morricone western-feel that the album carries, the boyish yet commanding vocal performances. The tempo of the album rarely shifts, as the title track opens with galloping accolades and continues all the way through. There are occassional breaks, but the album is outstanding; it's short, sweet, and ultimately tight with only a few minor kinks.
031606792X|5.0|This book has created a range of emotion from readers and fans but I must say that what I found intriguing about this book was that all of the conflict seemed to happen as a result of Bella \\"getting everything she wanted\\" as others have complained.     I was unsure of how Meyer would end the series and I think she has given us a more in-depth look of her world of myths and legends. The previous books' conflict centered in Victoria as the main antagonist, with her actions providing one of many catalists for Bella's desire to join the immortal world. What was to be the driving opposition in this story? The message that I took away from this was actually the opposite of many of the critiques. It was that even if you get what you wish for and you fought hard to get it, you also have to fight hard to keep it.    The story also provided a situation that Bella (and especially Edward) never expected to happen, and all the feelings that she never expected about her situation. And because of that situation I feel that Bella matured the most throughout this book than the others. This book was not a \\"cop-out\\", but showed how our emotions evolve as life throws us curve balls.     The characters became deeper and came more to life for me in this book, and the situation created by their actions was much more complex than the other books as well. I actually felt the other books were romances with a good story line, while this one was more of a drama/action story with some romance in it. It also seemed for a much older audience than the first. The first showed life in it's innocence, this one seemed to show life in all it's reality (anger, frustration, fear as well as all the pleasant emotions).    All in all I enjoyed this book the most of the three. I especially appreciated how Meyer dealt with the subjects of sex and marriage in very appropriate ways, without loosing the emotions. The voices of the characters were all clearer, and the situations and messages were deeper than beyond the surface treatments. An overall great story arch and very satisfying resolution. Because what's wrong in getting something worthy of fighting for in the end?
B0015KO52S|4.0|Consolers of the Lonely (2008, XL Recordings) The Raconteurs' second studio album. ****    The first listen is actually a bit challenging, and for a band that you have to love, it's honestly scary. However, once you rewind and try again, all the beautiful little parts come out and come together, forming a solid album. When you go back and listen to Broken Boy Soldiers, you think maybe that's how their supposed to sound and that Consolers of the Lonely is a step backwards or in the wrong direction since it's much more focused on hard rock. That isn't the case. Jack White was born to play the blues, and while the White Stripes may be a way for him to do a practically one-man minimalist show, the Raconteurs is a band. White may be the most important factor, but when you listen you can't imagine him playing with anyone else. Benson proves he can sing, lead or harmony, as well as shred his guitar like White. Jack Lawrence and Patrick Keeler are an outstanding rhythm section that is reminiscent of John Paul Jones and John Bonham. All four members of the band are unique, all are excellent at what they play, and the Raconteurs wouldn't be the same if one of them was missing.    Not every track is a gem, but the opening hard blues rockers \\"Consoler of the Lonely\\" and \\"Salute Your Solution\\" show that the band had finally accepted embracing their hard rock influences, having the appeal and sound of White Stripes tracks but with a much warmer and full sound. \\"Old Enough\\" is a southern rock/folk number that really swings, the album's finest moment. Lawrence creates a very Entwhistle-esque bassline, and the fiddle and organ sounds only accentuate their 70's influence. This track also proves the band have not lost their playfulness. As with Broken Boy Soldier's \\"Intimate Secretary,\\" the lyrics here are equally fun, though they do have a darkness to them. \\"And how have you gotten by so far/Without a head and no visible scar?\\"    \\"The Switch and the Spur\\" bring in unexpected horns that may seem intrusive, but then cement themselves as belonging. The romping Rolling Stonesy \\"Hold Up\\" is one of the standout pieces, featuring excellent shredding by White and Benson while Lawrence and Keeler lay down a pounding head-banging beat. A Hammond organ finds its way prominently into \\"Rich Kid Blues,\\" played skillfully by the bands fifth unofficial member, Dean Fertita, who also gives a magnificent piano performance on \\"You Don't Understand.\\" Benson and White continue to harmonize flawlessly and extend their Sam and Dave approach to singing.    This is a great album with just a bit too much filler. A shame, because this could be a true classic if some of it was cut out. Hopefully everyone is still getting along so that we can see a third album, because this is a band to be reckoned with. I dare say they are better than the White Stripes. Why? Because there are few bands who play as well together as they do. You can't imagine anyone else pumping out the shifting bass and drum rhythm on \\"Old Enough\\" other than Lawrence and Keeler, who, with Fertita's Hammond organ performance, sound like Radle, Gordon, and Whitlock from Derek and the Dominos. You can't imagine any other vocalist coming in with spunky attitude after Benson's monotone delivery on \\"Salute Your Solution\\" other than White. A band with immeasurable amounts of potential. (Consoler of the Lonely, Salute Your Solution, Old Enough, Hold Up)    -Stephen  [...]
B000URWYTS|5.0|Mamah, May-muh, Martha!  She was born at the wrong time and wrong place! She was educated in Ann Arbor Michigan at the turn of the 20th century, had the pedigree of the upright Midwestern railroaders who valued work and honesty, married a decent and loving businessman-gregarious provider, had the tenacious intellect of a sharp librarian-school marm and suffragist-feminist, was a \\"looker\\",  but she was too crazy in love with a man who would have given her the world but could not. Darn!<br /><br />Mamah Cheney could have had it all but she was sideswiped by her lust for life on the fastlane, the big ego of Frank Lloyd Wright, the promise of being the polyglot sidekick of Swedish born suffragist Ellen Key, and in the end, she had nothing for herself and her two (three including her orphaned nephew) children who she left behind to find love and fulfillment with the iconic architect.<br /><br />This fictional account of a love story gone tragically wrong and painful, leaves me reeling with wonder, I cannot help but raise some points that challenge thinking outside the home, domesticity, community, society and even world affairs.<br /><br />First of all, can a mother really be so wildly in love  so as to leave her very young children behind to traipse all over Berlin, Italy and Japan to pursue finding herself and her paramour's budding career? Given that Frank Lloyd Wright was really brilliant (after the fact), was he really worth it?  Her marriage to Edwin Cheney was flailing but was she really really that unhappy? She had little Martha with Edwin while she was consorting with Frank!  I think it was a case of moral fiber fraying and falling dangerously to an abyss that she couldn't get enough fortitude to  figure herself out of.<br /><br />Granted that it was the zeitgeist of women's emancipation and feminism, the attendant focus on lack of rights to get out of bad marriages, lack of equal pay for men and women, identity issues surrounding motherhood and caring for children, did Mamah really blaze into the forefront to liberate women of all ages for all time? Or did she just end up exonerating  herself?<br /><br />Was her sacrifice worth the cause?  Her alliance with Ellen Key's cause was almost a chance event in her search for herself and her raison d'etre for villyfying her home and turning her loved one's lives upside down. The Swedish suffragist had modern ideas about women's morality and new feminist roles, I think Mamah was eagerly quick to translate Key's ideas as seen through her private moral dilemma, adultery.  In Berlin, Key was tagged as the \\"wise fool of the feminist movement\\", vacillating between being a protector of children and the essence of mothering as a human species-forwarding endeavor versus a woman's fulfilling her happiness through achieving her personhood through being allowed the choices and liberties to propel one's potential. I think Ellen Key was wise, period.  In Nancy, France, she had told Mamah to find herself first, without Frank, and pursue her own niche in the world, otherwise Frank will just be another \\"diversion\\". It was Mamah who could not find her moral compass and was torn, time and time again between her love for her offspring and her love for Frank and herself. It is a pity that her \\"soulful\\" translations of Ellen Key's work coulda-woulda been heard by a bigger audience had she sent it to The Atlantic Monthly and not published with those who were affiliated with Frank Lloyd Wright's folios.<br /><br />Horan's skill in writing allowed for her characters to be heard, to be seen in both good and bad lights, she allowed all their foibles, their humanity to filter through the puritanical times when society was quick to judge moral turpitude.  She allowed her readers to look for understanding and to be compassionate; that her characters were flawed, slaves for higher ideals of truth and beauty and most of all, love. But in being so, they chose paths that were dangerously selfish and hurtful to others.<br /><br />I will not be quick to say that the tragedy of Mamah's end in Taliesin is divine retribution, but simply a horrific event in the life that already has gone through baptism by fire, a fall from grace that happens when people are just going about their daily lives because people are the way they are, fallen from the very start.gedy of Mamah's end in Taliesin is divine retribution, but simply a horrific event in the life that already has gone through baptism by fire, a fall from grace that happens when people are just going about their daily lives because people are the way they are, fallen from the very start.
031606792X|3.0|I will say the book was one of the weakest of the series, Meyer sort of dug Bella into a hole in the first 3 books and then it was easy-peasy to bring her back out again.    SPOILER    I am a sucker for happy endings, and was glad to see everything resolved and have them all happy, but there was no epic battle or real conflict in it at all! I had higher expectations for it, and it didn't even hold my attention towards the end before the Volturi came.  Overall, it was good, but it didn't live up to its potential.  Oh yeah, I don't have my own amazon account and I'm not making one just to do this review. Just so I don't embarass my dad, this isn't George ha.
B0015KGJMM|5.0|Here we have the second reissue of, by far, the best performance of Handel's Water Music and Fireworks music to be found anywhere! At the time of this writing the first re-issue of this recording is selling for $224 here on Amazon just to show you how valued this performance is. Here the Alia Vox engineer, Nicolas de Beco, has taken this 16 bit 44.1 kHz sampled recording from 1993 and re-mastered it into a suburb surround (multi-channel 5.0) SACD. No information is given as to weather this was an original multi-channel recording or if DSP was employed to add the additional channels, but the results are superb! This transfer makes this recording even more attractive than the original which was already at the top of its class. My only wish is that Jordi Savall would have re-recording this music in true high definition SACD sound which would have made this recording even more attractive. What makes Jordi Savall's performance so much better is that it shows the joy of the occasion much better than any other performance I've heard. Some might find his pacing a little fast, but I find it exciting and thrilling.<br /><br />IN COMPARISON TO OTHER SACD RECORDINGS<br />I have other SACD recordings of Handel's Water Music and Fireworks music but they pale in comparison to Jordi Savall's joyful performance. For instance the Aradia Ensemble on a Naxos SACD is one of the worst recordings I've ever heard. The problem with the Aradia Ensemble recording is that the engineers placed the microphones too far from the orchestra so it seems as if the listener is sitting at the back of the church. I don't know about you, but if I pay premium prices for an SACD I want a front row seat or even a seat in the middle of the orchestra, but not a seat 100 feet away! This recording is also plagued by a boring performance from the Acadia Ensemble. The other Handel Water and Fireworks music on SACD is the one by L'Art Dell Arco on CPO that just came out. This performance is good but again the recording engineers have ruined this SACD by choosing an acoustically dead venue to record in!<br /><br />CONCLUSION<br />Thank God Jordi Savall's recording was made in the acoustically rich sounding Chateau de Cardona and Jordi's group gives a passionate performance. Listen to the Bourree from the second suite (Track 19) and you'll find one of the most delectable gems of this performance. Also, the brass is particularly gorgeous in this recording. THIS IS A MUST HAVE SACD!<br /><br />FYI - I'm still waiting for a new multi-channel SACD recording of Vivaldi's Four Seasons from Jordi Savall. That would be the ultimate!!ding engineers have ruined this SACD by choosing an acoustically dead venue to record in!<br /><br />CONCLUSION<br />Thank God Jordi Savall's recording was made in the acoustically rich sounding Chateau de Cardona and Jordi's group gives a passionate performance. Listen to the Bourree from the second suite (Track 19) and you'll find one of the most delectable gems of this performance. Also, the brass is particularly gorgeous in this recording. THIS IS A MUST HAVE SACD!<br /><br />FYI - I'm still waiting for a new multi-channel SACD recording of Vivaldi's Four Seasons from Jordi Savall. That would be the ultimate!!
0307346617|5.0|This book is incredible.  Each account that Max Brooks creates paints its own picture and adds to the horror that mankind would face if we ever were thrown into the middle of an undead apocalypse!! If you have ever been a fan of Zombie movies or horror in general, you owe it to yourself to read this book!
B0018S6YOE|5.0|The 3 new songs are worth this deluze verison of Good Girls Gone Bad CD. If you didn't by the original CD, then you are in for a treat.  I'm going to check out the added DVD that's in this package.  You can't go wrong with that.
B00092ZMDY|5.0|I have maybe two Eagles LP's in my collection. \\"One of these nights\\" and \\"Hotel California\\" are probably the only two songs I liked; that was until I saw the video for \\"Funk#49\\" and I recalled that Joe Walsh had joined the band back in the late 80's or early 90's but I had not paid attention. Well this changed my whole outlook. The songs are tight and in some cases sound better than the recordings. The back up musicians are great! Scott Crago on drums is outstanding! He looks like he's having a lot of fun keeping time and IMHO plays better than Don Henley. Joe Walsh keeps you laughing throughout the show with his antics and his playing is awesome. The other guys ain't too shabby either. One track in particularly has caught everyone's attention; \\"One day at a time\\" which Joe wrote and deals with his problems with alcohol which many of us can relate to. Just that song along is worth the price of admission. I strongly recommend it.   :)
B0015DYIH2|2.0|There were several things I was looking forward to in this book. I wanted to find out who Bella choose, how she got changed by Edward, What happened with Jacob, How she separated herself from Charlie and Renee and What it was like to be a Vampire.     Stephanie Meyer totally took the choice away from Bella with the creation of Renesmee. BTW is that a stupid name or what? So many readers wanted to know how she choose between Jacob and Edward and were disappointed. I was team Edward but I didn't want Jacob's love for Bella to be completely dismissed either.    Ok... how she got changed left me very disappointed. It wasn't romantic or personal it was lame...Edward pulls out a syringe and plunges it into her barely beating heart? Carlise could have done that! What was the point in waiting? She was barely conscious! As far as being a newborn? That was a joke. One chapter and then the author fast forwards three months ahead. She could have done much more with that.     Bella as I have come to see had potential to be more than one dimensional but the opportunity to do so was never taken. She was all about Edward which was endearing at first but got to be pathetic in the second book. As far as the message it sends to teen girls? I am a teacher and I know that junior high girls understand their needs to be a balance in life. The message of being all about your guy isn't wrong it is the way that first love is.     I will admit that I liked the first part of the book before she got pregnant. After that it was all down hill as far as character development and her love for Edward, not to mention Jacob. All she could think about was the baby and she instantly became a mom. She went from being 17 to 30 in about two chapters. I felt kinda like Stephanie Meyers wishes she were Bella and she wanted to speed Bella up to the same place She is in her own life...a mom with three children.
B000IOM0WO|5.0|This is a great Blu Ray Disc from Paramount,much better than the standard DVD,I was lucky enough to find it on sale for the same price as the DVD so I went Blu Ray and I was not dissapointed,the extras are the pretty much the same as the DVD though!!! A recommended Blu Ray title for the U2 fan!!!By the way,this title was briefly out of print due to the HD Blu Ray War,but since Blu Ray was the victor it's now available again to the retail public!!! A+
031606792X|5.0|Spoiler Alert: Do not continue if you haven't yet read the book!       I have to say that Breaking Dawn was the perfect ending to a perfect series.  I know a lot of people have had issues with the neat, happy ending where everything comes together nicely; and to them I say \\"what's so wrong with that?\\"  Have we become so jaded that we can't appreciate a 'happily ever after' anymore?  Don't we want a happy ending for these characters that we have come to love and adore?  I know I did!  And yes, the dynamic between a lot of the characters changed, but that's what happens in life...people grow and evolve and in this story I feel its all for the better.  We can't really expect everything to be exactly the same between Bella and Edward when Bella goes through this huge tranformation.  I loved seeing Bella in a more mature, grown-up light; I think being a mother really agreed with her...and Aro got it right when he said immortality was the life that Bella was meant for.       Overall, Breaking Dawn was even more of a page turner than the previous 3 stories in the Twilight saga.  Before I even started reading, I put complete trust in Stephenie and knew that she would take the story where it needed to go...and she did.  All the twists and turns made me cry and laugh and just feel completely immersed in the Cullen universe.  This book cemented my love for ALL things Stephenie Meyer and I know that I will forever enjoy anything she writes!
B000OCXFCO|5.0|Any Megadeth fan of old should like this album very much. First came Killing Is My Business, through to the amazing Rust In peace, and then Countdown To Extinction and later Youthanasia, slowed down the tempo and added more melody, but kept the power and thoughtful lyrics. Then came along the much debated Risk, which saw the band stray from metal territory almost completely. The Megadeth metal resurgence began in the very early '90s, before Mustaine had to give up for a little while due to a serious nerve injury. The System Has Failed was billed as a comeback in 2004, and while it was a great album, this is the true comeback that i, as a fan, had been waiting for. It encapsulates everything good about the band, from 1985 to the more modern megadeth. It's classic, but modern. I think Mustaine and friends would have been hard pushed to produce a better album. \\"Thrash infused heavy metal\\" was a tag used to describe it by a certain metal magazine and i think that's a pretty good description. Mustaine has taken all the best elements that made Megadeth over the years and put them together to create a great 21st century Megadeth sound. Standout tracks are Sleepwalker, Washington Is Next!, United Abominations, Burnt Ice, You're Dead and Never Walk Alone. The lyrics are more political than the band has done in a long while, the music is sharper, the guitars sound fantastic and as you would expect from Megadeth, the riffs and solos are played with precision and fire. Also, songs such as never Walk Alone and Blessed Are The Dead are a lot heavier than some people seem to give them credit for. Infact, so are most of the songs here. This is not Dave Mustaine making an album for the fans, for the record label or anybody else; he's doing what he wants to do, and that's definitely a good thing. The album kicks butt, and if people can't hear that, they need to have their hearing checked.
031606792X|1.0|I cannot understand what happened to this book, to this series.  I feel disappointed, to say the least, confused perhaps, a little betrayed that this enjoyable series ended like this.  I may go back and re-read Twilight just so I can remember what made me like this series to begin with.  *le sigh*!
B0002EXH5O|5.0|I really think it's time to stop whining about this album. Rust In peace is an unbelievable classic. This remaster, on the whole, sounds better than the original (as you'd expect with a remaster), and the new vocals couldn't be helped. Vocal track tapes went missing for certain songs, and so alternate takes from 1990 were used for the songs Five Magics and Lucretia, and Take No Prisoners had to be resung. Considering the 14 year gap between the original recording of RIP and the resung vocals on TNP, Dave Mustaine's 2004 vocals on the track stand up very well. Whether you like these alternate vocals or not is down to the individual, but surely it's time to stop moaning about something that just couldn't be helped. The remastering and remixing of these albums was a great job, and the remasters are the ones i listen to more often than not. But, if you don't like the remasters - don't listen to them! Listen to the originals. Either way, this is a classic album.
B000EDWKXI|5.0|&quot;Casanova&quot; is Rated &quot;R&quot;.  Running Time: 1 hr, 51 min.<br />  Ah, yes. Casanova!  The many loves of Casanova.  We see him with Sophia, then a nun, Sister Beatrice (Lauren Cohan) and yet another nun he knows (Danielle Baker).<br />  Signor Giancumo Casanova (played by Heath Ledger) never gets to finish and always has to hide in the closet or make a mad dash at an escape.<br />This time, he got caught.<br /> He will be hanged tomorrow. But wait! The Mayor of Venice is going to save his life, on grounds of mistaken identity.<br />You see, no one in the town of Venice really knows for sure who Casanova is, except for the ladies that are mums the word.  The town square even makes fun of this Casanova by staging of an outdoors play.<br />  The Mayor is expelling him from Venice. However, their is a reprieve.  casanova must find a respectable wife before Carnevale and must be on his best behavior until then.<br />  Casanova's eye is on the virginal francesca (Sienna Miller).<br /><br />Also in the cast: Olivier Platt, Omio Djalili, Lena Olin, Stephen Greif, Jeremy Irons, Helen McCrory, Leigh Lawson, Charlie Cox, Natalie Dormer, Eugene Simon.<br />  Bryan Korenberg is the scene stealer as the man in the brothel.<br /><br />Actually filmed in Venice on location.<br /><br />Released the same year as [[ASIN:B000EGF0B4 Brokeback Mountain (Full Screen Edition)]] (2005)<br /><br />DVD Special Features: (12 minutes) &quot;Creating An Adventure&quot; featurette<br />  (5 min.) &quot;Dressing in Style&quot; featurette<br />  (3 min.) &quot;Visions of Venice&quot;.<br />  Audio Commentary by Director Lasse Hallstrom.<br /><br />  The real-life Casanova lived 1725-98.<br /><br />Other &quot;Casanova&quot; movies:<br />  [[ASIN:B0009W5J6E Casanova's Big Night]] (1954),with Bob Hope, Vincent Price.<br />  [[ASIN:B000PN8DXS Casanova 70]] (1965 French-Italian)<br />  [[ASIN:B0002KVUJS The Amorous Mis-Adventures of Casanova (AKA Casanova &amp; Co.)]](1976 Australian-Italian-French-German), with Tony Curtis.<br /><br />Note: Health Ledger unexpectedly died January 22, 2008 from an accidental overdose of prescription drugs. He had finished [[ASIN:B001GZ6QC4 The Dark Knight (Widescreen Single-Disc Edition)]] (2008) and was filming The Imaginarium of Doctor Parnassus (2009). Ledger will still be seen in &quot;The Imaginarium of Doctor Parnassus&quot; with Johnny Depp, Jude Law and Colin Farrell continuing his changing character.dger unexpectedly died January 22, 2008 from an accidental overdose of prescription drugs. He had finished [[ASIN:B001GZ6QC4 The Dark Knight (Widescreen Single-Disc Edition)]] (2008) and was filming The Imaginarium of Doctor Parnassus (2009). Ledger will still be seen in \\"The Imaginarium of Doctor Parnassus\\" with Johnny Depp, Jude Law and Colin Farrell continuing his changing character.
0060512806|5.0|Cryptonomicon is one of those novels that wouldn't be out of place on a bookshelf next to classic epic stories like the Odyssey or the Iliad.  Its grand, sweeping plots encompassing two time periods coupled with its realistic yet slightly superheroic characters create a unique experience that many of today's so-called \\"epics\\" lack.  The hero journeys of the follow-orders-at-all-costs Bobby Shaftoe, the scary-brilliant Lawrence Waterhouse, and the forward-thinking entrepreneurs Avi and Randy twist and weave across the ages with precision and guile.  Along the way, these heroes encounter other larger-than-life characters -- a conflicted Japanese soldier/digger, a pontificating immortal, General MacArthur -- further fleshing out the already three-dimensional story.  And interspersed throughout everything is gold, glorious gold.  Truly epic!    Is it for everyone, though?  No.  The sheer size of the novel alone will present a daunting challenge to even the hardiest of readers.  Throw into the mix heavy doses of (sometimes subtle) sarcasm and pages-long ramblings on subjects seemingly unrelated to any aspect of the story, and some readers may find themselves throwing the book across the room.  If you don't care about why men grow beards, or the extraction of some obscenely impacted wisdom teeth, or why Athena was really the goddess of technology, you may find yourself with some dented walls.  But if you can stomach the following:  \\"The uppers were so deep in his skull that the roots were twined around the parts of his brain responsible for perceiving the color blue (on one side) and being able to suspend one's disbelief in bad movies (on the other) and between these teeth and actual air, light and saliva lay many strata of skin, meat, cartilage, major nerve-cables, brain-feeding arteries, bulging caches of lymph nodes, girders and trusses of bone, rich marrow that was working just fine thank you, a few glands whose function were unsettlingly poorly understood, and many of the other things that made Randy Randy, all of these definitely falling into the category of sleeping dogs,\\" you'll be just fine.    Is Cryptonomicon perfect?  Sadly, no.  At times it feels as if the plot is getting away from Stephenson and he has to kick it back into place.  Whole huge periods of time pass in narration, not action.  An entire trek into the jungle to find a mysterious location is recounted by Randy in an email.  And, of course, as has been expressed in other reviews here, the ending comes on way too quick.  But fortunately these incidents are few and far between and do not cause great distractions from the already sprawling plot.  Even the ending, upon reflection, feels appropriate in the context of the entire novel.    All in all, it takes a quirky personality to love Cryptonomicon.  But if you're one of these unique individuals, be prepared for a wild ride.
B000A2UBN4|5.0|First things first; Robert De Niro is a force in `Cape Fear'; a major force that permeates every scene of the film, even the once he doesn't physically inhabit, and proves to be spine chilling to the maximum effect.  Everything, from his swagger to his accent to his piercing stare, is utterly perfect in its ability to crawl beneath your skin and fester mercilessly.  I was astounded by his ability to conquer the southern accent with believability that never took away from the rest of his performance.  Watching `Cape Fear' and then thinking of films like the recent `Hide and Seek' just further impress on me the fact that no one can take talent for granted, because sometimes it just goes away.<br /><br />De Niro is still talented, but in recent years he's become more a `wasted' talent than anything else.<br /><br />But this is about recent years, this is about 1991, when De Niro was still racking up Oscar nominations left and right for powerful performances in films like `Awakenings' and this brutal masterpiece right here.  Scorsese is known for his gritty gangster films, but `Cape Fear' is further proof that labeling Scorsese a one trick pony (which I have regrettably done in the past myself) is an unfair accusation.  `Cape Fear' may on the outset appear to be nothing more than a commercial horror/thriller film, but the deeply rooted performances and dark direction taken by Scorsese help elevate this film to something so much more than expected.<br /><br />`Cape Fear' revolves around lawyer Sam Bowden and his family; wife Leigh and daughter Danielle (Danni).  Sam finds himself at the mercy of his former client Max Cady, recently released from prison and out for revenge against the man who sent him away.  Sure, Sam was Max's lawyer and defended him, but Max happens to know for a fact that Sam did not defend him to the best of his ability.  Sam begins to worry when Max refuses to just go away, and when Max starts to penetrate Sam's household through his daughter Danni he realizes that he has much to worry about.<br /><br />Like I mentioned, De Niro is explosive as Max Cady.  Every movement he makes further cements his dementia upon the audience.  There is a single scene that still haunts me, when he is seducing young Danni in the school auditorium.  It's a brilliantly played scene that serves as a good reference point for the underlying menace that is Max Cady.  De Niro isn't the only one pulling his weight though; the entire cast really shines here.  Juliette Lewis rightfully joined De Niro as an Oscar nominee for this film in `91.  Her performance is effortlessly captivating.  She really grasps the idea of her character being your typical teenage girl battling normal teenage problems.  Her curiosity of Max and her defense of him at the expense of her parents are played beautifully.  Jessica Lange is also fantastic as Leigh, coupling her wifely repression with her motherly instincts.  Nick Nolte, an actor for whom I have yet to really grow to love (I adore him in `Affliction' and that's really about it) actually acts with needed restraint here.  The reason I don't really care for Nolte is because almost everything I've seen him do seems like he's overacting, but here, in a role that could have easily been overacted, he demonstrates this restraint that elevates his performance to a whole new level.  That way when bursts of panic rush over him and he lashes out (like he does in that brilliant scene with Lewis; \\"DID HE TOUCH YOU?\\") it brings out the needed emotional response in the audience.<br /><br />But the star of this film is undoubtedly Martin Scorsese, who really should have been nominated for, and possible won, the directing Oscar for this film.  He really captures the essence of the film genre without giving over completely to the commercial swing of things.  He keeps a visual style that is all his own, and really owns each scene, building the tension with just the swing of the camera.  It is a true testament to his direction when you look at the four outstanding performances here, all of which should have been Oscar nominated in my opinion, for without Marty's commanding direction they could have easily been lost in their own skin.<br /><br />`Cape Fear' may be passed over by some as a standard genre film, in fact I hesitated to watch this for some time for that very reason, but to miss out on this thrill ride would be a grave mistake.  The underlying themes about revenge and guilt help create a film that is so much more than it suggests.  Max Cady's transformation into a mere demon to an angel of darkness is astounding to watch and alone is worth the time it takes to watch the film; but don't worry, for every part of `Cape Fear' is just as brilliant as the rest.on when you look at the four outstanding performances here, all of which should have been Oscar nominated in my opinion, for without Marty's commanding direction they could have easily been lost in their own skin.<br /><br />`Cape Fear' may be passed over by some as a standard genre film, in fact I hesitated to watch this for some time for that very reason, but to miss out on this thrill ride would be a grave mistake.  The underlying themes about revenge and guilt help create a film that is so much more than it suggests.  Max Cady's transformation into a mere demon to an angel of darkness is astounding to watch and alone is worth the time it takes to watch the film; but don't worry, for every part of `Cape Fear' is just as brilliant as the rest.
031606792X|2.0|One of the things I really enjoyed about the other three Twilight books was that the character development seemed deeply realistic to me, reminding me of my own experiences as a teen, nearly 20 years ago now.  Obsessive love, painful love, ecstatic love.  Sure, the exact setting of the story was in Fantasy Land, and that was entertaining, but the characters seemed deeply real.    I also found Breaking Dawn entertaining, but in a different way.  It reminded me more of the daytime soaps my old roommates used to watch.  Characters were doing things that just didn't ring true to me.  I wanted to find out how it ended and I was entertained by the plot.  But it was all too crazy to resonate in the same way that the previous books did.  Although I'm a mother of two daughters myself, I found Bella's experience of her hyperspeed pregnancy and developing daughter to be very unrealistic.  And the immediate resolution of all of Bella's, Edward's and Jacob's problems was deeply unsatisfying to me because I felt that the emotional realism was simply gone.  Love, loss, guilt and change can take decades to understand and move through.
0784011176|5.0|I had wanted to see `The Piano' for years, since I was about fifteen I think.  I remember reading this extensive review for it lauding it as one of the most deeply moving and touching films of the 20th century.  It took me until early this year before I actually got around to seeing it, and I must say that after a slew of repeat viewings I can honestly understand why that review held this film on such a pedestal.  `The Piano' may to many seem like there is not much to it, or that what is here is barely given a chance for explanation.  There are many actions and resulting consequences that seem out of place of character and even may be frustration (and most definitely startling) but when one takes the time to really break this film down there is so much explanation to be found within the subtleties in each frame that one is brought to a whole other understanding of the film.<br /><br />`The Piano' tells the tale of Ada McGrath, a mute woman living in 1850's New Zealand.  Ada has been mute, by choice, since age six when she just decided not to speak.  Through her mind's voice she tells us that she has been offered in marriage to farmer Alisdair Stewart and so she travels with her young daughter Flora and her beloved piano by boat to meet him.  She soon finds herself being led to her new home, her piano being left behind on the beach.  Her husband Alisdair, not truly understanding how to reciprocate love and affection, offers her piano to native George Baines for some of his land.  In a desperate attempt for affection Baines offers to allow Ada to purchase her piano back by performing `favors' for him, and Ada, in her desperation to have her `voice' back, agrees.<br /><br />Some may simply call this film a feminist film; a film that does nothing more than illustrate the woman's lack of a voice in this male dominated society.  That label gravely shortchanges what writer/director Jan Campion has accomplished with this cinematic masterpiece.<br /><br />`The Piano' bleeds a humanity that feels more human than we ourselves.<br /><br />All of the four central characters are seeking a form of redemption or gratification for their lives.  This simple truth speaks to of much deeper humanity that runs through all of our veins.  We all need to feel needed and complete, and all of these characters strung within Campions web are striving for that very feeling.  Ada is perhaps the most obvious of the four, for her beating heart is felt throughout each passing scene.  Ada longs to feel a connection with someone, the same connection she feels when gracing the keys of her piano.  She longs to have someone need her for who she is, and understand her for who she is.  Her husband seems disinterested with Ada the person, for he is quick to disregard the one object that comes closest to defining her.  George, trying to seek redemption from a past of rejection, sees the piano as an opportunity to find that redemption within the arms of Ada.  Flora is young and nave and truly loves her mother, but her loyalty is tested when she feels as though she is playing second fiddle to her mother's lover, George.  Her jealousy gives way to foolishness, and her foolishness places her mother in harms way.  Alisdair may seem like the simplest character here, for his oppressive husband character has been played before, but Alisdair struggles to rise above his own ignorance to gain the affections of a woman he can't quite understand.<br /><br />The performances by the entire cast are flawless and really elevate this beautiful film.  Both Holly Hunter and Anna Paquin earned those Oscar's, both giving riveting performances and crawling deep within the psyche of their characters.  Without saying but a few words Hunter is able to speak volumes, her voice being heard on every frame.  Harvey Keitel is amazing as George, restrained and tempered and believable as a lover, which is not something I was sure he could pull off.  Sam Neill, though, is the real male standout.  Hisgrasp of Alisdair's ignorance and desperation is resounding.  The one scene where his wife attempts to give him pleasure is emotionally stirring as you watch Alisdair throw it all away because he simply doesn't understand.<br /><br />Jan Campion must receive the bulk of the credit though, for her construction of this film is majestic to say the least.  She truly captures the heart of each character, weaving the audience into each frame and leaving us begging for more.  The cinematography is gripping and magnetic, each frame gently settling down on the images below; and the symbolism displayed with just the slightest scene echoes loudly as the film credits begin to roll.<br /><br />`The Piano' appears to leave a lot of questions unanswered, but the truth of the matter is that if you look deeply into what you are witnessing the answers themselves are there to be found.  There are few films this important, and truly few films this glorious.  Everything is top notch, from the delicate script to the effortless acting to the serene camera work.  `The Piano' is a cinematic wonder that is unrivaled, a film that truly defines the very word; film.esperation is resounding.  The one scene where his wife attempts to give him pleasure is emotionally stirring as you watch Alisdair throw it all away because he simply doesn't understand.    Jan Campion must receive the bulk of the credit though, for her construction of this film is majestic to say the least.  She truly captures the heart of each character, weaving the audience into each frame and leaving us begging for more.  The cinematography is gripping and magnetic, each frame gently settling down on the images below; and the symbolism displayed with just the slightest scene echoes loudly as the film credits begin to roll.    `The Piano' appears to leave a lot of questions unanswered, but the truth of the matter is that if you look deeply into what you are witnessing the answers themselves are there to be found.  There are few films this important, and truly few films this glorious.  Everything is top notch, from the delicate script to the effortless acting to the serene camera work.  `The Piano' is a cinematic wonder that is unrivaled, a film that truly defines the very word; film.
B0015DYIH2|5.0|I know a lot of people have been up in arms about this book over the past few days. To me It was an excellent book worthy of finishing the series. I was riveted the whole time. If you have a problem with it, don't read it. I couldn't wait to find out what happend to Bella and Edward. I will be expecting the movies to capture the spirit of the books. To all those who do not understand, Great Literature is rarely liked by all, but This series and each book individually will carry themselves and Stephanie Meyer far. Bravo!
031606792X|5.0|I have read some of the other reviews and I must say I am so disappointed by them.  Breaking Dawn was by far my favorite of the four.  I thought it was a perfect way to end the book.  Remember, Stephenie Meyer didn't really write the books for us.  She wrote them for herself, something I think everyone forgot.  This was her story.  Sure we can have an opinion but it really doesn't matter.  She told her reasoning's for what happened in each of the books and this one was to resolve everything.  We should feel privileged she has allowed us to read the conclusion she chose.  Sure, we may think something's were too corny or cheesy, but wouldn't the world be a happier and better place if we all had a little more cheese in our lives??  Bella already chose Edward in Eclipse so this was her way to tell us how their story would end, or continue in their case.  I feel like this book was the Perfect Conclusion to telling Bella and Edward's story.  Remember that she said she may write more books about other characters.  I loved Breaking Dawn!!!!!!!!
0786838655|5.0|This is an awesome book. All my friends recommended me to it so I tried it and it was awesome, really transforms monsters well like Auntie Em, to Medusa and like Peresues fighting the hydra.
0739367676|5.0|I Totally LOVED this last book! I did not read the spoilers ahead of time and I have read the other three books a couple of times (Listened to them on CD actually). I think the 1st book and the 4th book were my favorites.  I think that given the age of the reader, you may see things in a different light. I have been reading some of the reviews here and I am surprised so many don't Love this book. I think Stephenie Meyer is a VERY talented artist and was able to build characters in such a way that we feel we know them no matter the age of the reader. I think depending on your age, you see each character in a different way. Depending on your age & life experiences, you will relate to them differently.  I gave the audio books to my parents (59 & 65 years of age) They are Hooked! Stephenie, I say BRAVO to you to be able to reach such a wide spectrum of readers. My daughter (11 years old) is in Love with Twilight (The only one I have let her read so far she will NOT be able to read this one for a while though I think this one is more mature than \\"The Host\\" was). I think I loved how she told some of the story from Jacobs view. There are a couple of things that I feel could have been elaborated on more but, I think she may write books from other people perspectives and explain some of it later on (which she said on one of her interviews. She said this is the last time hearing things from Bells side). I just finished the book last night so I will be passing it on to my parents who of course wanted me to read it as soon as I could so I could give them my book. If you are wondering if you should buy the book, I say get it and that it's worth the read!!
1423101464|5.0|Read all 3 books before it and right the day it came out I Finished it. Awesome details about these greek myths. Give them to your friends to read. Recommend it!!!!!
B00005JM0B|3.0|That AI man versus machine War is 'inevitable'?<br />What now seems more likely a a collapse<br />of the oil based infrastructure.<br />What made II special was the acting of Linda Hamilton.<br />In this movie we haven't that child, robot<br />and mother dialog that worked so well.<br />The female android should have been given more<br />'character' and nonviolent interaction: she should have been<br />more clever and scheming maybe.<br />This is just a long kind of boring chase movie<br />with a lot of destruction and very little real plot line?
B00005JPO1|5.0|I know a lot of people gave this movie bad reviews, but I'm sorry. I absolutely loved it. I saw it on the big screen and was pleasantly surprised. Harrison Ford may be older but still alluring. His acting are still incredible. And his co-stars did an incredible job. You can't beat the special effects. The special effects are way better than they were with the other movies because they didnt have the kind of technology they do today. The fight scenes and the car chase scenes just took my breath away. And the story line was great. They made a lot of references, I thought, to Raiders of the Lost Ark, which I didnt much care for. I found this movie to be better than Raiders and Temple of Doom, and just as good as The Last Crusade. What wouldve made it better was if Sean Connery was in it. Oh well. You can't have everything. I can't wait for this movie to come out on DVD. I give it 5 thumbs up.
031606792X|5.0|I do not know what people were thinking when they gave this book a bad review. I finished this book at 5:00am on the day that it came out. I just could not put this book down. I spent my whole sleepover with my friends reading this book. This is my favorite book next to Twilight. I cannot wait for Edward's version next.  Spoilers Below:   I love Bella's determination to have this baby even though it almost killed her. No mother can give up her child. It was really touching when Edward finally realize that it's not a monster when he heard her thoughts inside of Bella.   I have to admit that Jacob imprinting on the baby is kind of disturbing but I guess he deserves some happiness after giving up so much for Bella. But it still made me made that Jacob tried to keep Renesme away from Bella just because she was a newborn vampire. Though he loves the baby he does not think of her that way at all.   She is still the same old Bella after becoming a vampire. I love her self control. Edward, Bella, Renesme are so gifted so they fit together as a family. Bella is also gifted.    Just because everything worked out does not mean that it is a bad book. Edward cares so much for Bella that he is willing to kill the baby and have her have someone else's baby say Jacob. I want someone like that too.
031606792X|1.0|I anticipated Breaking Dawn like so many other fans only to be let down at the end of a great book series.  I loved the other three books, even New Moon which was not my favorite but at least the story-telling and character driven plots kept my interest. However, the quality of writing and overall plot development made this book a huge disappoinment.  At times it felt like it was not written by the same author who had written the previously three.    The overall feel of the book was quite different than the other three.  The main characters, although they retained a resemblence of their former selves, acted out of character for the large majority of the book. In the previous book, Bella was faced with the realization that some choices me make in life require sacrifices yet in Breaking Dawn she doesn't have to adhere to this realization due to the fact that her and many other charcaters get everything they desire.  Another problem with the book was that there were several plot lines that were not fully developed, some that were left hanging and some that existed for no reason at all. The pregnancy storyline in this book felt completely out of place and forced. The most interesting part of Breaking Dawn is Bella's transformation into a vampire and how she adjusts. My major disppointment with the book was the buildup for a large climatic confrontation with the Volturi that failed to deliver.     This book had so much potential to bring closure to an incredible series of books, however, it failed to deliever on several accounts.  I know some fans will love the book despite its shortcomings but to those who are new to the series you may want to stop with Eclipse.
031606792X|5.0|Although I went to the release party, I pre-ordered my copy on Amazon and had to agonizingly wait until yesterday for my copy to arrive. Curiously, I checked to see how many stars readers were giving this book, and was horrified to see just how many 1-stars it had (and this was hours after its release). I didn't read the reviews but was prepared for the worst.<br /><br />I just finished reading it.<br /><br />Let me first say that I read books for enjoyment, not to analyze them for messages they may be sending out to readers (I'm an English major- I reserve that stuff for work not pleasure). I noticed that people complain a lot by the decisions Bella makes and how the author is somehow `copping out' by giving her \\"everything\\" she wants in the end. Readers should remember that these characters are fictional. It seems kind of silly for me to judge their decisions as if they were real. But you must take a character's personality, their character, into consideration with their decisions. Some reviews made it sound like Bella simply wanted to have her husband, become a vampire, and have a family; and that it all turned out that way so easily for her made this book terrible. (Can't imagine what those reviewers have to say about classic fairy tale's endings where princesses always end up with their princes.) It's not that Bella simply wanted these things and then BOOM she got them. She was a zombie for months in New Moon, willing to commit suicide to distract Victoria in Eclipse, risking her life to reach Edward in Italy, agonized over and over countless times about the pain she was causing, or the pain she was feeling. She suffered through a lot and fought pretty damn hard to try to acquire her dreams, bring happiness to others, and feel happy herself. Personally I am very glad she got her happy ending! Wouldn't it just break your heart if our endearing Bella suffered through all that to only fail at the end and conclude her story alone and miserable trying to put up a facade to keep loved ones from worrying about her?<br /><br />Something that really bothers me is when reviewers say things like Stephenie Meyer let them down or disappointed them! As an aspiring writer myself, such remarks really irk me! Real writers, who truly enjoy writing, don't write to please readers. They write for themselves; they write because they enjoy the process and enjoy giving birth to these amazing stories and characters. Some writers don't want their work read. They don't want the attention or the criticism. If Stephenie really wanted to, she could have easily milked out these books, have the love triangle last longer. She would have made a lot more money and fame. But that wasn't the goal here. If Stephenie ever reads this by some off chance, I'd like to thank her for publishing her work. She has a gift for storytelling, and I was impressed not only by the compelling fluidity and vividness of the way she tells stories, but of the endearing characters she creates and the way that they grow and develop as the story progresses. I admire all that she's done and if I happen to disagree with anything in her books I'm certainly not going to complain to the author that she's a let down and a cop out.<br /><br />I think Breaking Dawn was well written and holds the same style as the rest of the series. True it is a little fast paced at times when suddenly a week or month has passed here or there. I was a little thrown off by the sudden perspective change to Jacob 100 pages in (but in terms of storyline, the plot would be impossible if it remained in Bella's perspective, or shifted to anyone but Jacob, because until Jacob went to the Cullen's house, the characters were at a standstill in their situation). Readers have judged Bella for getting married at eighteen, for deciding she wanted to live a little longer because she discovered her sexual relationship with Edward, or because she became so maternal when she found out that she was pregnant. Bella's always been a mature character and became a legal adult. She knew she wanted to spend her life with Edward and had both his love and support as well as that of his family. In that circumstance, being so sure, why is it wrong for her to marry him? If she thought that once she became a vampire all her senses would change and she wouldn't be herself again for a very long time, is it wrong for her to want to stay human a little longer to enjoy her new physical relationship with Edward? I myself don't plan on having kids yet, but if I loved anyone as intensely as she loved Edward, the thought of having his child (after discovering it was already conceived) would not really freak me out after realizing it was possible. She loved Edward so much and here she had the opportunity to have his child- an Edward Jr.<br /><br />I don't know, but it seems to me that some of the complaints on why this book is bad seem to be thought only from what the reader him/herself perceives to be the action they would or should take were they in that position without considering the characters themselves or the world they live in.<br /><br />I think all Twilight fans should give the book the chance it deserves. Watch how characters grow and come together. Don't analyze it as promoting wrong messages to teens or judge a character's actions. Just enjoy it for what it is- a well-told and creative story.a legal adult. She knew she wanted to spend her life with Edward and had both his love and support as well as that of his family. In that circumstance, being so sure, why is it wrong for her to marry him? If she thought that once she became a vampire all her senses would change and she wouldn't be herself again for a very long time, is it wrong for her to want to stay human a little longer to enjoy her new physical relationship with Edward? I myself don't plan on having kids yet, but if I loved anyone as intensely as she loved Edward, the thought of having his child (after discovering it was already conceived) would not really freak me out after realizing it was possible. She loved Edward so much and here she had the opportunity to have his child- an Edward Jr.      I don't know, but it seems to me that some of the complaints on why this book is bad seem to be thought only from what the reader him/herself perceives to be the action they would or should take were they in that position without considering the characters themselves or the world they live in.    I think all Twilight fans should give the book the chance it deserves. Watch how characters grow and come together. Don't analyze it as promoting wrong messages to teens or judge a character's actions. Just enjoy it for what it is- a well-told and creative story.
031606792X|4.0|It is a little too neat like many other reviews are saying.  But it was the last book.  Were we really thinking it would end with a giant sacrafice?  Would that have made a good end?  If more books were to follow I could see ending the story with some of choice and sacrafice of the others.  Overall a good book.  Too bad their aren't more to follow.  She definately left some material on the table.
0743289692|5.0|This is a gripping book with a fascinating autobiographical story, as well as a focused analysis of what Muslim communities in the West today are like.  Ali has the experience, as a formerly observant Muslim and (brief) member of the Muslim Brotherhood, to provide insights and to make an excellent case for every  point.  It's must reading for all politicians, as well as all Americans.      This could be the most memorable book I've read all year.
031606792X|1.0|I am a twilight mom-and I came in late on the scene-having devoured all three books this past month-and read each several times. I even started sharing them with girls I work with-I read every single scrap of news I could find on Breaking Dawn-and then it came... Seriously? You write for yourself and I appreciate that-but I'm not sure what or who you were writing for when you were writing this. Perhaps, unfortunately you were deadline driven-because this book is a hot mess!    I love to see when they make this movie version-will the vampires be ripping her stomach apart with their teeth to get the baby out? You have young girls reading this-and while you don't go into detail-don't you think the message you're sending is-you have to die and give up who you are to become super beautiful? Or, check this out, watch the horror as a baby rips itself out of your womb while your new family helps tear apart your stomach to help it along? Plus, you're 18, you'll want sex all the time? C'mon! Mormon values? Hello? Where'd they go, out the window? Or did you leave them in Italy with the Voluturi?    You're a mother-I'm a mother-a little harsh don't you think? I'm all for happy endings-and I love the wedding-I even tried to find a little solace in the fact that she although I'm not sure how, given vampires are dead and have no fluids except venom, did get pregnant and have a chance at a normal-afterlife or eternal existence with a baby...even wrapping up Jacob, who I never liked, was okay by me.     But this book was all over the place-and when you have to spend more time creating a chart in the back for which vampire family is from where then you do explaining how all these weird and odd occurences, like getting pregnant happen-well, stephenie, I'm afriad you missed the mark. I will cherish the first three novels-but I'd like to ask for a refund from breaking dawn-it \\"bites\\"
031606792X|4.0|People need to remember, it is a fiction-fantasy book. If you want reality and messages, read a biography, an essay or a memoir. The book was insanely dark and the author went places I was surprised she ventured there. I will not summarize the book, but I liked it. Lighten up readers! You want bad news, read the newspaper!
031606792X|5.0|Breaking Dawn is a perfect conclusion to the Twillight Saga.   A happy ending that had a lot of twists along the way.  You will not be disappointed.
B0017I1FNK|5.0|Emmylou never fails to deliver and on \\"All I Intended To Be\\", she continues to use that magic voice, beautiful melodies and a heart-crippling \\"All That You Have Is Your Soul\\".    I would suggest buying this album if you are a long-time fan....see the change Emmylou has made from the 70's until now, she is truly a rare gem.
B0014Z4OQG|4.0|A friend lent this to me, as I missed it in the theater.  I liked it so much I bought it.  You see just enough of the creature to get a good fright but also not enough to keep you mystified.  I highly recommend you watch this movie with surround sound.<br /><br />Please don't pay attention to the \\"it's too jerky!\\" claims; it's not even close to being as bad as others make it out to be.  The special effects are fantastic and the story is great.  I loved the 1st person viewpoint, but I do have to admit that Hud did get on my nerves a little bit.<br /><br />The other nice thing about this movie is that it's PG-13 scary; very little bad language and not a whole lot of gore.  It's something you can watch with your teenagers and not worry about rivers of blood or every other word being profane.  It's nothing like that at all.<br /><br />Without giving the ending away, others (including my wife) think it leaves too many questions unanswered.  I simply took it for what is was  - a very different spin on a Monster-in-New-York movie - and loved it.
B0013K6WLM|5.0|I've been a fan of the Black Keys for quite a while now, and I've gotta say: this new album is the best thing I've heard in a long time. The Black Keys for me have always held a certain tone and quality that always seems familiar in the back of my mind, and this is just the next step forward. Some of the lyrics get a little repetitious but its easy to look over that fact with the quality of music these two dudes make. Please give it a try- you'll thank yourself.
0316067601|5.0|Marcus Luttrell does an excellent job describing his career as a Navy SEAL. He starts with what it took to make it through Basic Underwater Demolition School, but the meat of the book is about his experience in Afghanistan.<br /><br />The book is enraging at times, inspirational, and heartbreaking overall. Marcus tells about when he, Michael Murphy, Matthew Axelson, and Danny Dietz encountered a goat herder in the mountains. They knew that he would tell the Taliban where they were, so they had to make a decision. They either had to kill the goat herder or face the Taliban. They knew that if they killed the goat herder in cold blood that they would be crucified in the media and possibly imprisoned when they got back--they actually feared the media more than the prospect of fighting terrorists!<br /><br />After much debate, the SEALS did what was \\"right\\"--they let him go. Of course, the goat herder did betray their position, leading to a huge firefight. Marcus describes how the four of them killed hundreds of Taliban. Even in their dying moments, Danny, Axe, and Murph fought more than anyone could possibly imagine.<br /><br />Marcus's book will bring tears to your eyes but make you proud to have heroes like Michael Murphy, Matthew Axelson, Danny Dietz, and Marcus Luttrell serving in the United States Military.
031606792X|3.0|**This Review Contains Spoilers**  So many people freaking out over the contents of this book just need to calm down, IT'S JUST A BOOK!  Meyer knew after the book was finished that people would either love it or hate it.   I see no problem with this conclusion, even with the whole pregnant at 18 thing. If some girls are reading this thinking there is some kind of Edward out there waiting for her and that she too will drop all her plans for him and a baby, when then someone along their growing up their own parents screwed up. ALSO, I think Bella matured once she found out she was pregnant, I mean Edward's initial reaction was to get rid of it in fear it would kill Bella, but she grew up and handled the consequences.  I'm 21 and just enjoy a good love story, I don't care how old the characters are!   What did creep me out in this book though, was the fact Jacob imprinted on Bella and Edward's child. I almost would rather not know if he ended up happy with someone.  Also, I was a little underwhelmed by the action, I mean for a big chunk of the book it's all worrying about the Volturi and what they're going to do when they get to Forks to destroy them, yet it was probably the easiest conflict in the entire series.  But I do enjoy happy endings, because life isn't like that, so it's nice to read about it.
031606792X|5.0|Spoiler Alert!!    Everyone really needs to back off on Stephenie Meyer a little bit. Breaking Dawn was a wonderful book, a perfect ending to an amazing series. The only bad thing I have to say about it is that you just come to care about what happens to each character so much that the book is quite emotionally exhausting, and I don't even consider that as actually bad. It's great. Everyone on here is talking about the \\"message\\" the book sends that it's okay to get married, have kids, no college, whatever, by age 18. I don't honestly think Stephenie Meyer meant for this to be her \\"message.\\" I think she wanted to write an amazing, exciting story about true love that involved characters that people really care about. If there's any message, it's about fighting to make things work for true love, as both Edward and Bella have always done, or the importance of family. And it does not always have to be college vs. marriage/family.  Bella is IMMORTAL, she has her whole life to get a degree if she chooses too. But honestly, she got everything that was most important to her in life--a almost-perfect husband who has made her the center of his world, a wonderful daughter, her best friend Jacob, and all the rest of her family. In the end, I think Stephenie Meyer realizes that these things are the most important things in the world anyway. Everyone is just reading way more into this than I think Ms. Meyer meant for it to be. I actually think Bella grew up alot in this book, esspecially after Reneesee's birth and her change. I love how, in the end, Bella and Edward more equal, and she got the chance to be the hero for once; she had the powers to take care of herself and all those people that she loved.     Someone had a problem with Bella getting everything she wanted without having to sacrifice anything? Does anyone actually remember how many times Bella has almost been killed? The pain she went through because she knew she was hurting Jacob? Even though Bella did get everythingshe ever wanted and some things she didn't know she did, what's so wrong with that?!?! Do we need someone to die for this to be a good book? No. This was the ending I was expecting, the ending I had hoped for, and the way I think things should have all turned out.    And Jacob...Book II was really hard for me because I have always really liked Jacob. Even though I thought Bella and Edward were destined to be together, I wanted happiness for Jacob. I completely never saw the imprint with Nessie coming, but strangely enough, it works for me. Everything works out and everyone is happy.      Stephenie Meyer--if you are reading these things anyway, I hope you read some of the good reviews too, because there are alot of people out there who really loved all your books! Thank you for what is probably my favorite books series ever. I look forward to Midnight Sun, (hopefully) all four movies, and anything else you might decide to write! Keep up the wonderful work, and thank you again!
0767020308|2.0|Please do not bring out ye flogs and whipping posts. I just didn't like this version of \\"Emma\\". Specifically, I REALLY did not like Kate Beckinsale's take on Emma. She came across as snobby and frankly unlikeable. Maybe that is staying true to the literary character but still, not a pleasant person. Maybe I can blame Gwenyth for my dislike, she spoiled me with her sweet, naive portrayal of Emma. However, many reviewers here have valid points regarding this version of \\"Emma\\" (Knightley, for example, seems to be just right) but in the final analysis, I'm sticking with Ms. Paltrow
031606792X|1.0|I looked to forward to having Bella and Edward's story completed and it was, but it was done poorly. This book read like a fanfic and not a novel. The author and characters completely jumped the shark. Read the first three books, but skip this one.
0307387178|4.0|Jon Krakaur's Into the Wild chronicles the events of Chris McCandless journey out into Alaska, citing several sources and giving background into who the young man was, and why he decided to leave his family, give his entire saving to a charity, create a new identity for himself, and live \\"on his own.\\" McCandless, whose journey into individualism and nature was somewhat influenced by classic authors such as Leo Tolstoy and Jack London, has a one-on-one experience with tramping from place to place, meeting strange people, and trying to make it alone out in the wild.     If there is one criticism, it is the trivial accounts from second-hand witnesses in the story from McCandless' background. I could see the areas where the author is trying to build background to who he was, but there are some parts where people are basically saying, \\"Yeah, I saw him once\\" and don't make much of a point. A little distracting from the story, and kind of makes the focus jump around a tad. Other than that, I found the information and story to be quite engrossing and factual, but in a somber, tragic way.     Some contend that Krakauer makes McCandless into some hero, which isn't the case.  There are some moments where he appreciates McCandless' bold decision to go through this; however, this could be attributed mainly to the author's similar incident of going out into the wild. An objectivity is achieved in his narration and the facts he presents, but obviously he is going to bring in some of his own knowledge, and then fill in the gaps of some details that he can only speculate on. The young man drops hints to people about his \\"Alaskan odyssey\\", that he's going away \\"for some time\\" and many think he is a little over the top for trying this and even the author agrees at certain points. Inferences about who McCandless are investigated in accounts from witnesses, friends, relatives, and those who met him during his journey and the time prior. He is depicted as being reckless and compulsive, yet there were some noble things that Chris did in his life, like helping out the homeless and poverty-stricken people and not giving in to material needs. Still, his decision to make the trek to Alaska, and his disappearance, left his parents dismayed, upset, and alienated, which is unsettling.     A haunting part of Krakauer's novel is the section (ch 8 and 9) in which the author recounts several similar adventurists who went out and tried to be one with the Alaskan frontier. Krakauer uses these stories to point out that surely McCandless wasn't alone in his quest to sustain a solitary, natural existence, but also to show the obvious differences between these individuals. There is one story of a man who wound up killing himself rather than face certain starvation, pain and misery when he realizes he's used up his resources.  In the subsequent chapter, Krakauer parallels McCandless with a venturous man from the 1930s, Everett Ruess, who went out in the wilderness, wrote acquaintances about the exhilarating experiences, and then vanished and was never heard from again.     And still, the author also readily identifies with the young man's quest. He relates his own tale of going out, being brash, and surviving out in the wild, but reflecting on this adventure and realizing that he was fortunate to be alive. He, like McCandless, didn't see eye to eye with his father, and also felt the rush of exploration in his spirit, but he takes time to rationale the distinction between being overly reckless and being independent.     The later chapters are dedicated to retracing the steps McCandless took a year after he was found  (which was in August 1992). The author, and three colleagues, go to Fairbanks and survey the scene, trying to piece together not only how and why the young man went out there, but what led to his ultimate demise. Krakauer speculates on motives for the young man not trying to cross the river, or his ultimate decision to not have an accurate map during thisexploration.      If you take this book in with some reflection, it will stay with you for awhile. Normally we don't reflect that much on common literature after reading, but being this is based on a true event, it makes you think about the meaning of life, and what the young man must have been thinking while out there in the wilderness.     The newer, edited version of Into the Wild has an epilogue which chronicles McCandless' family going out to the spot of the \\"magic bus,\\" the place where McCandless set up camp during his time out in the Alaskan wilderness.     Into the Wild is tough to put down, but also solemn in its narration. It would be tough to read more than once just because you have to be in the right frame of mind, but still I'm glad that I did read it because I had heard so much about the story.
031606792X|4.0|Yeah, the pregnancy thing threw me for a loop.  I was like what???  I pulled an all nighter and felt pretty disappointed when I finished reading.  It didn't seem like the same series and the characters seemed to have changed so much.  I was actually quite depressed for a couple of days.  But then I decided to give it another chance and read the book again.  I think being more awake helped.  I began to notice things that I hadn't noticed the first time around.  Some parts are pretty funny actually.  My best friend and 13 year old neighbor loved it.  Perhaps that was because they actaully took their time reading it, without sleep deprevation.  I think that there was a lot of fore-shadowing as to what was going to happen in the beginning of the book and even stemming from Breaking Dawn. If you were disappointed...read it again!  You might enjoy it more the second time around.
031606792X|4.0|Honestly, I don't know what all the fuss is about. The book gave the reader exactly what they wanted, and you make it seem like it's a bad thing. True, Bella gets everything that she wants, but she was prepared so much ahead of time to understand this world ( which is something we cannot say about any of the other vampires) that of course she adapts to it well. Sure, Jacob and the baby imprinting is creepy but so was Quil and Claire and people didn't think that that issue destroyed Eclipse, did they? Nope. Stephanie answered why Bella was so drawn to Jacob despite her love of Edward( something that bothered me in the past two books)and I was happy enough with that answer, because it made sense. Would you have been happy if the ending was tragic? I don't think so. You become attached to these characters, if she did anything different you would complain too. Mind you, it's just a book and this is how she felt the ending should be. Deal with it.
031606792X|4.0|The book was really quite interesting. When I started reading the book I had really high expectations becuase all the  other ones were so good so I think that is why it was a little dissapointing. It was just like reading a whole other story. It always amazes me the mess that an author can write themselves into but Stephanie Meyers always delivers when it comes to writing herself out of them. Plus the way she does it is always interesting.
031606792X|2.0|Oh Stephanie what have you done? I could handle so much but a baby? Really? Seriously? You had to introduce a baby? Have we learned nothing from great literature, c'mon you were an English Lit major. Did Romeo and Juliet have a baby? A child introduced into a series like this drains the story, moves us as readers away from the heart of the series which was Edward and Bella, their love and conflict with being together. It diminishes the story, distracts the reader and ultimately makes this last contribution to this series a true disapointment. I'm going to pretend that the Twilight series ended with book 3. I can live with that.
B0012QE4Q2|5.0|This movie was great! I watched it 2 times in a row it was that good! Lots of twists and turns and very scandalous! I give it 5 stars and is a must see!
B0000942LT|4.0|Every artists album will not be the same. If it was they'd be boring. Granted, i preferred their first two. This one is good. At first i didn't think it was , but after listening more i started to like it. Staind has always been a band with soft vocals and heavy guitars at points. Most bands usually go from the opposite from when they started anyways. Nothing is ever the same. Trust me.
B00006AW2G|5.0|Released just before the infamous Altamont debacle of December, 1969, \\"Let It Bleed\\" signals farewell to the peace-and-love Sixties in no uncertain terms.  Once again, following \\"Beggars Banquet\\", an entire year went by until the release of the next new Rolling Stones album.  That year was 1969, and it had seen the death of Brian Jones, under suspicious circumstances, earlier that summer.  Jones is present, posthumously, on \\"Bleed\\", participating in both the vicious \\"Midnight Rambler\\" (percussion), and \\"You Got The Silver\\" (autoharp), the latter track featuring Keith Richards' first solo lead vocal.  Jones' replacement, the young Mick Taylor, was firmly in place, playing on \\"Live With Me\\" and \\"Country Honk\\"; though his relatively-unsullied image did not fit in with the rest of the group, he was probably the best guitarist the band ever had.  In Jimmy Miller, who would work with them through 1973, the group also found its finest producer, a man who knew how to get the most out of their once-again-blues-based material.  (With a cover of Robert Johnson's \\"Love In Vain\\", featuring Ry Cooder on mandolin, the band went straight to the motherlode.)  \\"You Can't Always Get What You Want\\" is NOT blues, but, recorded with the London Bach Choir, it resonates, mournfully, as an end-of-an-era anthem.  The Seventies lay ahead; the Stones, always bad boys and outlaws, were ready.
031606792X|3.0|This last book was okay. It's not a book I would read over and over again like the first three. However, I like the perfect ending; it is a fantasy book so it's okay if it's not realistic.
B0014Z4OQG|1.0|If I could give this a half star I would. Boring...! And of course, violent. It took too long to get to the point, whatever that was...!
031606792X|5.0|I honestly can't understand why so many \\"Twilight\\" fans disliked this final book in the series.  I loved the first three books and thought \\"Breaking Dawn\\" was an excellent capstone to the story.  For me, it was possibly the best in the series.  Unlike some others who disliked the \\"neat and tidy\\" ending and who objected to the lack of any deep meaning/commentary on life, I quite enjoyed reading a book that ended happily and was simply for fun.    Overall, it was a fast, entertaining read with good tension here and there and some humor.  One main difference from the previous three books was Meyer's decision to alternate between Jacob's and Bella's points of view and to divide the book accordingly.  I thought it was weird at first, but it wasn't anything bothersome and I quickly got used to it.  I did find Jacob's character a bit annoying thru part of the book, but the annoyance had faded by the end.      Of course the Edward vs Jacob situation was a major plotline throughout the series.  I found myself switching sides constantly when reading \\"Twilight\\", \\"New Moon\\", and \\"Eclipse\\".  I will just say that, whether one was rooting for Edward, for Jacob, or for both, the conclusion to the series should satisfy all sides.  I highly recommend.
0714844659|4.0|I have noly cooked a few recipes from this book, but there is a carrot salad in here that is one of the best things I have EVER eaten.  I don't like carrot salad; I would never order it in a restaurant.  But this is am amazing recipe.    I've made it 10 times in the last year--every party we serve it at people love it and ask for the recipe.    I'm sure there will be other recipes just as good--if I can only get past the carrot salad...
0525950079|5.0|A great read. My book club read \\"Pillars of Society,\\" and I loved it, but didn't know about this sequel...a wonderful surprise. Ken Follett is amazing. This book offers a great escape to a different time and way of life....but is it really that different than today?? I highly recommend this book to everyone.
B0013FXWU6|5.0|I like basically any movie that Daniel Day Lewis appears in and this is no exception. The actor, Paul Dano, was previously unknown to me, but he did a fine job portraying the Sunday brothers here. There Will Be Blood may not be faithful to Upton Sinclair's original story but it is a compelling portrait of evil in this world. I always laugh at those who think human beings are more good than evil. I have never seen any evidence for this being true in the course of my life. Evil is capable of corrupting us all, and Lewis's Daniel Plainview is a haunting portrait of a man who emits villainy the way most of us emit carbon dioxide. For this reason, Paul Thomas Anderson has put together a classic and valuable movie. I admit that it wasn't pleasant to watch but it certainly was excellent.
B0000844I8|5.0|Hadn't seen this one in a long time, although I am a huge fan of both the Stargate series.  Amazing how Michael Shanks reprised the role of Daniel Jackson so well!  Would recommend it to anyone who hasn't seen it or hasn't seen it in a while.
0385335989|5.0|The book came quicky and was in excellent shape. The book itself is really, really wonderdul!    This is some of the best historical fiction I have ever read. I'm re-reading the entire series.
B00005K3NR|4.0|It is a classic offbeat horror-melodrama merging harmoniously the family Gothic extravaganza, supernatural power, and a woman's movie of a peculiar kind... It remains the cinema's best adaptation of a Stephen King novel...<br /><br />The film initiated De Palma's inclination for surprise diverts between playful imagination and reality, as in the opening, which swifts from a soft-core porn fantasia of girls taking a shower in the locker room to the fact of Carrie's menstruation for the first time--the first sign of \\"otherness\\" that will reserve her as an horrifying monster from her small-minded colleagues...<br /><br />All the oppression that Carrie undergoes both at home (with a bible beating maniacal mother played by scary Piper Laurie who develops twisted bizarre ideas) and at school to suppress tension which takes the shape of super telekinetic power, the ability to move objects with the strength of her mind... We observe with ambivalence as Carrie's insatiable revenge jumps the line into uncontrolled mass murders ever filmed...<br /><br />Sissy Spacek is amazing as the mocked, helpless girl pushed over the edge... Her face and body twist like a living special effect to unleash her pent up rage, as well as her character's alarming progress from painfully shy high-school teenager to Angel of Vengeance...
031606792X|5.0|first of all, i am so shocked by all the 1 star reviews. this book was everything that i had hoped for and more. it was a perfect fairy tale ending to a magnificient series. i mean, how the hell could anyone want or expect anything BUT a happy ending? it just would not make sense at all. i absolutely loved it, and already want to read it again! i dont understand people saying this wasnt what they expected, because to me it didnt deviate from her typical writing style at all, in fact it was just as homey and familiar as the other books. it was alluring, captivating, and absolutely lovely. sure, it dragged on at times, but then again, all the more to devour! if you havent yet read the book and are worried about the bad reviews, please give it a chance, you might be pleasantly surprised.
B0002IQEHI|4.0|Mistaken by a couple of hired thugs for an international spy and innocent in the murder of a diplomat, Cary Grant (armed only with undeniable charms and seductive shape) flees across the most audacious places of the United States, pursued by appropriately menacing villains (led by suave cold-hearted head James Mason and his henchman young Martin Landau) and shadowed by government agents... Somewhere in between is the sophisticated, glamorous and mysterious femme fatale Eve Kendall (Eva Marie Saint), whose unpredictable devotions tremble between the extremes of good and evil...<br /><br />Will Grant slip away from his would-be killers? Does he clear his name after falsely being accused?<br /><br />Directed by a genius behind the camera and a \\"master of suspense,\\" and featuring intrigue, comedy, romance, and danger--the crime at the U.N., the lethal crop duster attack in the middle of nowhere, Grant's unusually good exhibition at a Chicago auction, the sequence at an automobile plant, and the impressive climactic hunt across the Presidential faces carved into Mount Rushmore--Hitchcock celebrated his golden effort with his fourth and final masterpiece after 1954's Rear Window, 1958's Vertigo, and 1960's Psycho.
B000ZOXDFA|2.0|Costumes were beautiful, Blanchett was worth watching most of the time & other actors were pretty decent, but the history sucked and for such a strong female character, they sure made her look petty & idiotic at times.  Also, why do so many movies turn Spain into the evil character?  The portrayal of King Phillip was pretty absurd & really made the movie laughable.  (the movie Amistad really used Spain as a scapegoat, too, when England did it's fair share in the slave trade.)  Elizabeth I had a lot more to her life, boiling it down to just a bad romance is a pretty big disservice.
B00005R2IS|4.0|In spite of the fact that the 1981 film The Road Warrior--the second influential cinematic work of writer/director George Miller's Dystopian vision of the near future trilogy--leads to receive the anti-hero Max, released two years earlier, is where it all started... For it was here that Miller first brought to the screen his hellish vision, where civil society is under siege by crime and disorder, with the strength and charisma of a new young, tough, good looking actor by the name of Mel Gibson...<br /><br />Gibson was just 23 years old when he took the role of Max Rockatansky--a young hotshot cop so emotionally wounded--and was such an unknown star that when the film was hitting the screens in the States, the preview trailers didn't even mentioned him but instead focused on the movie's coolest and most original car action ever filmed... In retrospect, of course, Gibson's portrayal of a relentless vigilante is an essential element of the picture...<br /><br />In the Australian outback, Rockatansky is a motorcycle cop trying to keep order in a quickly disintegrating society... Vicious lawless bikers and road-raging psychopaths race up and down the forbidden territories, raping and pillaging the peaceful towns, and one such bunch ends up at the door of Max's wife (Joanne Samuel), and their 2-year old son... When they are both lying dead in middle of the road, Max is all driven over the edge, and so starts a high-speed pursuit involving wild rides, chilling fights, and memorable fast-motion suspenseful scenes rarely equaled in cinema...
0743298039|4.0|Diane Setterfield's THE THRTEENTH TALE is difficult to get into, but after the first fifty pages the story picks up. Dysfunctional families, haunted ruins, strains of JANE EYRE, and other allusions flicker and burn in the telling.<br />\\"Tell me the truth\\" is a refrain both compelling and offsetting as Vida Winter after a lifetime of illusion tells her story.<br />A good read that follows all the traditions, but not a great read.<br />[[ASIN:1432716255 Writing as a Small Business]][[ASIN:1432707248 Sins of the Fathers: A Brewster County Novel]]
031606792X|1.0|This book was the biggest let down. The characters were all OOC, not the beloved characters of the previous three books. I couldn't connect with Bella and I really didn't like Edward much, either. The only person I liked was Jacob, but he let me down, too.    The writing and plot was awful. Simply awful. I really don't understand how her editor let her publish this. There was no plot!! The ending was the biggest cop-out that I have ever read. There was no fight with the Volturi's because all bullies are cowards, apparently! What?!    And Bella being pregnant was too much. After explaining in her previous books that all vampire bodies are dead, she expects us to believe that they can now have children? Only the vampire men with human women? This is the biggest dues ex machina - one that basically ruined the rest of the book for me.    The final straw for me was Jacob imprinting on the baby. What was she thinking? What was the point of the previous 2 books of Bella and Jacob growing closer and Bella realising she loves Jake? It was a bone she was throwing to the Bella/Jacob shippers - Jake can't get Bella but it's OK! Don't worry! He'll imprint on the next best thing - her daughter!!!! That's what I find disgusting - not the imprinting on a child (since he doesn't think of her like THAT, yet) but imprinting on the daughter of a girl he was lusting after...    Overall, it was just disappointing. I know fans are going to buy the book anyway, but borrow this book if you can, as you will not want to keep this wallbanger.
B0002KQNL8|1.0|As others have said before me in their own ways, this movie is no Casablanca or anything but was fun to watch when I saw it as a kid - and enjoyable enough to add to my collection to sit next to my eagerly and long awaited DVD release of the original Return of the Living Dead (1984).    I was very excited to see this finally get released on DVD and could not wait to purchase it - I bought it at Best Buy the day it came out!!!  That said - I have tried to watch this movie at least five times since it's release in October of 2004 (now August of 2008) and cannot get any further than the first cemetary scene...THE SOUNDTRACK IS AWFUL!!! It truly makes this movie unwatchable!! No joke - seriously - I mean REALLY UNWATCHABLE!! What the hell were they thinking?! If they couldn't secure the rights to the original soundtrack then they shouldn't have released it at all...this new soundtrack is mediocre at BEST!! Please WB, recall each and every one of these DVD's and have them shredded...they should not be allowed to even be seen or heard.  The new soundtrack is the scariest part of this DVD!! I can't believe someone could have actually TRIED to mix this awful music into the movie and feel, \\"Oh, yes, this is great - I'm sure fans of this film will love this new simplistic version of the soundtrack.\\"  I am aware I am going on a little bit too much about this 2 star movie at best but, well, I actually liked it back in the day (warts and all) and one of the best things about this movie back then was it's original \\"Score\\" (although, it was synthesized orchestrations - they definitely sounded WAY BETTER than this S**T!!)    Put the original score back and re-release it for us true fans, please.  Thanks...umm, anyone want to buy a DVD of ROTLD II...great condition...Practically unwatched...
B0001I55OC|1.0|If they had stuck to the book this movie could have really been something.  I loved the book and absolutely hated this movie.  It was cheese-factor 10!!!! They screwed it up royally!
B00006LLOG|4.0|Okay...\\"Walk on the Wild Side\\" is a great song, even if it's a crime that it's so much better known than any other Lou Reed song. \\"Satellite of Love\\" is also great, and the deceptively happy \\"Perfect Day\\" is of his all-time greats, featuring the legendary line \\"you made me forget myself/I thought I was someone else/someone good.\\" \\"I'm So Free\\" and \\"Vicious\\" are also great. Most of the other songs, though, while deserving credit historically for being so openly \\"gay\\" really aren't so great. For that reason, while I dig this one out often, I rarely listen to the whole thing. [...]
1400079179|4.0|I found myself up very very late reading this book.  The ending was ok, but overall a must read.
0307387178|5.0|Read the book and then see the movie.  For all young adults who think they know everything and should actually be in counseling.
031606792X|3.0|WARNING: Spoilers ahead!     All of the oomph that permeated the first three \\"Twilight\\" novels was missing in \\"Breaking Dawn\\". At times, I actually felt like I was reading a 700+ page Harlequin novel, minus the racy scenes. I realize that the series is centered toward young adult readers, but she could've conveyed more passion surrounding their first time together - without it being inappropriate, raunchy or Hustler material. After emphasizing what an intense physical effect that Edward and Bella have on each other (the hospital scene in \\"Twilight\\" initially comes to mind, when Bella's heart literally stops beating because Edward kisses her.) and Edward's constant reservations about harming her if he lets his guard down and Jacob's outrage over Bella's \\"real honeymoon\\" plans...it just seemed negligent to completely skip over what had the potentital to be such a moving culmination.     As far as the whole baby topic is concerned, I wasn't really thrown off by it. Then again - when I think of the term fantasy, I also think of the phrase, \\"All bets are off.\\" However, I did feel that too much of the storyline was centered around Bella's pregnancy. Who needs several chapter's worth of drilling that her condition is precarious and Edward is beside himself with worry in order to grasp the concept? There were more exciting and engaging avenues that the story could've taken, which still included and eventually led to Edward and Bella having their daughter. Just for example, here is another scenario that would've involved a child yet more action as well. What if Bella would've been turned into a vampire and consciously sacrificed the ability to be a mother, but it turned out that her special ability was to remain fertile as a vampire and have mind-bendingy powerful children to boot? Then, what if the Volturi would've gained knowledge of this ability and felt threatened by Bella's gift, saw it as a future threat to their position of authority and captured her to prevent any such vampires from existing. Or imprisoned her with the agenda of Aro fathering and influencing the children to the Volturi's benefit. Either way, Edward & company would've embarked on a rescue mission and pandemonium would've ensued. But - in the end, Bella and Edward could've still had their positive ending, complete with a bundle of joy. Don't get me wrong, I support Stephenie's right as the series creator to steer the story in any direction that she deemed fit. I just wish that the grand finale would've had the same wow factor as it's counterparts.     Please keep in mind that I am merely sharing my personal opinion of the book and my review is not intended to either dissuade or encourage potential readers. Also, I still think that SM is a very talented tale spinner, even though \\"Breaking Dawn\\" didn't showcase her talent to it's full capacity.      Peace and happy bookworming!
6304698682|5.0|One of the best Clint Eastwood westerns of all time.  A retelling of the Shane story, but done so much better.  I don't even own Shane since this beats it in every way.
031606792X|2.0|Like everybody else, I'm thinking what was Stephenie Meyer doing when she was writing this.  Did she break and mash up her muse cds and smoke it?  I would be careful to say that muse was my inspiration to this loathesome book; she wouldn't want them to sue.      Oh well, she already got my money.  But I still tell my friends to ONLY read twilight; they still don't listen.
B000050FEN|5.0|One of the most fearful movies I have ever seen.  Just outstanding acting and suspense.
031606792X|5.0|As a reading teacher, I try to find books that will \\"Hook\\" high school students into reading! The whole \\"Twilight Saga\\" will definitely do it!!!    When I started reading this saga a month ago, I tried to read it as if I was a high school student and looked for things that would interest them.  I was amazed that I was unable to put the book down.  I am a romantic and this is truly a love story, with suspense, drama, supernatural events,and places where emotions would be stirred. All things that young adults love!     Overall I really liked all four books, and I know students would love this series. Breaking Dawn gave great closer with wanting more! Yes, there were some \\"Off the Wall\\" parts, but that's what students like!
B00003CXRP|5.0|Excellent movie, it should have won best picture, and it should have won Hanks another Oscar.
B000K7VHQ4|5.0|I first saw this movie at my daughter's and have watched it about a dozen times since then. I have a CD of the music and have played  it over and over. Such haunting themes and wonderful memories of  scenes. i would recommend this movie to any and all. At the end of the movie when the inspector is realizing what has happened is perfect!!
0143038419|5.0|Personally, I love this book. I think anyone whose journey has been a rambling road can relate to this story. I found myself terribly jealous that she was able to spend this time traveling, finding herself and making peace with the negative thoughts.   I found myself laughing out loud throughout this book and have given it to friend's as a gift. It is definately a fun read but it is also one that makes the reader consider who they are. It has only increased my desire to travel to these places and what an honor for her to be able to really absorb the culture of these places. I recommend this book to anyone who still has those nagging thoughts, who longs to travel or just wants a good story.
0974872407|3.0|I won't lie.. I'm a bit surprised by all the praise this book has received. Mr. Ruiz Zafn is indeed a talented writer, but comparing him to Garca Mrquez and Borges is a little too much in my humble opinion. (I mean.. really??!! Is he really up there with a Nobel-prize winner??!!)    Not to trash unecessarily this book. Don't get me wrong: it is good. Not excellent, not a classic but good nonetheless. It is engaging, fresh and well written. It flows and, considering that this book is over 500 pages, it is quite an achievement. It never gets tedious.    However, (and here comes my surprise) I really think the vocabulary is... odd. Everyone else seems to be praising it but for me it seemed as if Mr. Ruiz Zafn was using the synonyms tool in Word a little too much. I read the book in Spanish, my mother language, so no awkward translations were involved. The magic of writing, at least to me, is to describe moments, characters, things with words that exactly fit the ocasion. And, unfortunately, I never felt that in this book. The author kept on showing off (so to say) his vast vocabulary (or using the synonyms tool in Word) but never really hitting the nail. At times, I found myself thinking: \\"ok man, now you are trying way too hard!\\".      The book was recomended by some friends of mine that aren't native speakers. So I guess that, in that sense, this book is actually very helpful for people learning Spanish. It definitely would help them increase their vocabulary. But as a native speaker is just... odd.    Also, the plot turns cheesy at times, especially towards the end. It lacks some creativity there. But in general is alright.    So, as a summary: good book, fresh, entertaining. Recomended for people learning Spanish or if you want something to entertain yourself during a long flight.
B00005YUPO|3.0|This dvd is pretty good.  It's not as good as the Baby Mozart, but it's not bad either.  My son will watch it, but I have to keep directing his attention back to it at times.  The music is not as peppy as the Baby Mozart, but Baby Bach is still musical in nature-making it better than all of the other Baby Einstein dvd's we have with the exception of Baby Mozart.
031606792X|1.0|I waited for months and months to read this book and was so excited when it came out. What a sad dissapointment it turned out to be.       I felt that Stephenie Meyer was more concerned with the element of surprise throughout the book than she was with making sure that the plot was decent and made sense.       Another thing, and I know I'm not the only one who thinks this, was that the chacters didn't have their normal personalities, they didn't seem the same. I found myself not feeling what Bella was feeling like I did the the last three books.       All and all, I was very dissatisfied with this book and wish that the series had ended with Eclipse.
031606792X|1.0|I did not read any of the spoilers from different websites before the book came out, so I was completely oblivious to what was going to happen. As I was reading book 1 when they were on their honeymoon and Bella kept having all these cravings and weird dreams...I knew it, I knew before they even confirmed it, that she was pregnant. And all I could think of was, \\"Oh, no she better not be!!!!!!!!\\" So they confirmed it, and the dissapointment came. Then book 2 came along and it was painful to get through. It just kept dragging and dragging and I thought there wasn't going to be an end. Anyway....I have about 200 pages left to read and I don't think I'm going to finish it. The series has already been destroyed for me and I just don't want to continue on. Sadly, I don't think I could read Twilight ever again.
031606792X|5.0|This book was written very tastefully and I enjoyed the story through and through. There were certain things that threw me off guard, as I'm sure it did everyone else. But the main element of surprise came from the fact that Stephenie didn't write what I was expecting. But if she were to write the expected, we would never have had Twilight to begin with. She threw me off for a little bit, but once I got a grip on what was going on, I saw the total necessity of every line of the story. I am very happy to have been taken by such surprise and I really really really enjoyed the story, from Twilight to Breaking Dawn. I thought Stephenie did an amazing job and I'm very happy with what her imagination has created. She didn't write a story about real life, thank goodness! Is that not why we read books to begin with, to escape real life? This is a story of the extraordinary, and extremely creative. It was a great escape for me and I'm thankful I had the opportunity to read the story.
031606792X|5.0|For a final book in a 4 book saga Breaking Dawn was perfect! It's true that somewhere along the way it stopped feeling like a Twilight book but then again hadn't the characters themselves changed so drastically?    Breaking Dawn was not a book that would continue on with Bella's innocence and Edward's reluctance to make her immortal. Her choices were made in Eclipse- her days of innocence and mortality were numbered!    I'm glad Stephenie introduced the back story of the immortal children and the succubi and inccubi. It allowed me to understand the danger they would face in this book. She could've easily prolonged Bella's change into 700+ pages but instead she introduced us to a new and very loveable character and allowed us to hope for future books and glimpses into the Twilight universe!    The fact that everything was tied-up in a neat bow satisfied me. Too many times I have read books that never answered some of the more important questions and left me hollow. I'm glad no main character died because that would've been heartwrenching. I can see a real future for all the characters, big and small.   Through it all her fans have been asking her for a great finish. They wanted so many different things that not everyone could be satisfied. Take a step back and realize that for the characters we have all come to know and love, life is good now. Be happy for that and stop complaning about the things that cannot be undone.
B0019EXZY4|5.0|Coinciding with the DVD release, a review in the Wall Street Journal suggested that this was a superb film.  And it IS a superb film but for reasons far different than what I anticipated - since the review was not exactly going into many details.  [Aside to the reviewer who complained about \\"sex\\" - duh, where?  I abhor those kinds of scenes and there was merely suggestiveness in this film rather than the boring full-blown sex that passes for \\"entertainment\\" these days.  Although I will concede that a couple of the violence scenes were not my cup of tea; I am not much into violence but it was easy to ignore the minor incidences because they did not go overboard and were not gratuitous in showing violence at every turn like one so often sees in films these days.]<br /><br />One great thing about this movie is that everything is totally believable and realistic...you could actually imagine the things (good, bad, idiotic and otherwise) actually happening!  An excellent portrayal of people's pressure points - and why sometimes their actions are not driven from within but from without.  In spades.  It was just delightful from beginning to end in the characters whose stories were told.<br /><br />I am a foreign film buff and this film is more in line with that type of film than the awful stuff that passes for \\"entertainment\\" from Hollywood.<br /><br />By the end of the film, I was really hoping that the last scene(s) were true.  It was nice to believe, but one never really knows which parts are truly close to the fact and which are fiction for the audience to enjoy.  It did nail the 70's so brilliantly that I thought I was back reliving those days again - even though it was Britain and not the US.<br /><br />Another bonus is that it managed to portray corruption a la LA Confidential, so if you liked that movie, then you will also enjoy this one - probably enjoy it more than LA Confidential because it is more believable from beginning to end.
031606792X|1.0|Such a disappointing ending to an originally engaging series.  I enjoyed reading the first three (Twilight, New Moon, Eclipse) although I still have problems with Ms. Meyer's portrayal of needy young women, the \\"perfect man\\" and her prose is simplistic at best.  Still, the concept was interesting.  This was hardly a finale at all so I was wholly disappointed that she ended the series this way.  Having built up much of the story to revolve around an epic battle with the Volteri, it seemed a bit of a cop-out to reduce the \\"battle\\" to non-existent.  Plus, Breaking Dawn really didn't answer much of anything so if you want to keep your fond memories of the first three, don't read this one.
031606792X|5.0|Okay, I want to start of by saying that one of the things that I admire most about the Twilight series is that the vampires in these books don't play by the same rules as the rest of the legendary based vamps of other authors. It means that when you read these books, you never know what to expect. Having said that...I will admit that the twists in Breaking Dawn are somewhat hard to wrap your head around.    In the event that you want to read yet another stereotypical vampire book where you can guess where the plot is going without even turning the page, this book is not for you.   SPOILERS AHEAD!!!!! Wrapping my head around the fact that a vampire can now apparently have children was a little bit of a stretch for me. However, when I look back at all the other stories that I've read in the past, the thing that I wanted to see the characters have the most, was children. I actually like that you get to see what can happen when you have parents that will live forever, and be able to protect you from anything.     Other than this story line, I think that the story moves in a way that makes for some really great entertainment. I do however STRONGLY urge you to read the book twice. This will allow you to get past the shock of the twist to see that it brings out some really great emotions for Stephenie to play with. It really makes for an interesting read. I highly recommend that everyone give it a fair shot before reacting too harshly
B000000OE7|5.0|Before Freddie's death in 1991 He Still continued to make music and he didn't lower the bar at all for this last album made 4 years later. Let Me Live is one of Queen's best songs ever. The title track, Made In Heaven, is also very good. Some of the tracks they remade, like I Was Born To Love You, were remade very solidly. Too Much love will kill you is good, but personally I like Brian's version better. Finally, The Untitled track is over 22 minutes long but is very interesting and is more of an easy listening song. Definetly a good competitor with Innuendo
031606792X|4.0|**SPOILER ALERT**<br />First, let me say that I overall enjoyed the book. The only reason I did not give it five stars is because it covered way too much...there is nearly no time at all for the lovely Edward and Bella moments from Books 1-3. Alice's character (and the others, too) are rather flat, because so much time is dedicated to watching Bella in agony, and then preparing for the confrontation with the Volturi. I think if the story had been split across two books with more story about post-wedding life for Edward and Bella (before getting pregnant, that is) it would have been much better. Still, I read the book by the end of the day Saturday 8/2/08 and loved it like the first three.
B000O5AYCA|1.0|Amazon recommended this CD to me and I found it very disappointing. The songs all sound the same. The singer seems bored and emotionless and is thus quite boring to listen to. It's one of the worst CDs I've bought in years. I definitely don't recommend it--download one song off the CD and then imagine all the others, they sound just like the one you downloaded. Save your money.
B000001ESN|5.0|I'm only 20 years old, but I've been a die-hard Rush fan ever since I was first exposed to them some 5-6 years ago. That being said, Permanent Waves is my favorite Rush album of them all. It has tracks that are great for the casual listener, some that are great for the blossoming Rush fan looking to get their first album, some that are great for the prog-rock enthusiast, and ALL that are great additions to anyone's music collection.    Any listener of Classic Rock radio will instantly recognize The Spirit Of Radio and Freewill. Two great radio-friendly tracks that are still proggy by Rush standards (check out the time changes in Freewill). Entre Nous is a very beautiful song, along with Different Strings. Jacob's Ladder is mostly instrumental and involves some more prog elements while combining good story-telling, but the album's biggest prog feature is Natural Science, a nearly 10-minute long track written in three parts that has beautiful melodies, challenging part writing, astounding lyrics, and just general great playing from all three members of the band.    Also, this album is at an interesting place in the guitar-synth-guitar timeline of Rush, as the album is definitely guitar-driven with just enough synths and keyboards to add that little bit of flavor and unique touch that only Rush can. Definitely used for icing more than substance.    I hesitate to say that this album is better than Moving Pictures, based on what the average musicophile will argue, but I will say that this album definitely has the characteristics of an incredible music experience.
031606792X|5.0|Everyone is so up tight!  The \\"Twilight Saga\\" is simply a love story with a twist. Why does everyone feel so let down after reading \\"Breaking Dawn\\"?  Stephanie Meyer has the ability to create her characters to seem to become alive.  But get a grip!  It is only a story and should be read for the enjoyment of reading.<br /><br />Those that felt the characters did not develop well in this book need to reread the first three books where we are first introduced to each character.  There was no need to redevelop them again and not necessary to over develop the new characters. \\"Breaking Dawn\\" was written to bring closure to the main characters story.<br /><br />And for those that feel the story is not a good example for young people because Bella gets everything she always wanted. Pooh on you!  Do you also feel the same about \\"Sleeping Beauty\\", \\"Cinderella\\", \\"Snow White\\" and so on?  Theses are all fantasies written with the sole purpose of entertainment. Should \\"Sleeping Beauty\\" have stayed asleep and \\"Cinderella\\" stayed shoeless?  What about \\"Snow White\\"?  It would have been a very short story if the Woodsman killed her! These characters also fought for true love and in the end they got everything their hearts desired. Do you also consider them a bad example?  YOU should teach your children right from wrong and what to expect from life and not intend for novels to guide them but only help them create healthy imaginations.<br /><br />Just because the story did not go the way you thought or wanted it too, it went exactly the way the author intended.  Instead of being so critical, readers should just go with the flow of the story. Does that mean you can't be disappointed? No. Not every book is enjoyed by all.<br /><br />I have enjoyed reading all four books and do not feel let down in the least by \\"Breaking Dawn\\". Were there some holes, maybe. Ok the baby's name was a bit much, but when you write a book you can name your characters anything you like.
1572816112|5.0|I started off to give this deck a 4 in stars but changed it to a<br />5 as I believe it will be exceptional when I use this deck regularly<br />I love the feel of the cards when shuffling as well as the texture<br />on the cards, the figures take some getting used to, I am very<br />comfortable with them now - I find the LWB meanings a bit different<br />than I am used to but so is the deck.<br />I wish they had created a bigger book with the cards scanned but that<br />is just me - all in all I would definitely recommend this deck to any<br />Tarot Lover who can get past the figures - I find them to be quite<br />explanatory when you study the card itself
006123205X|2.0|MY FRIEND HAD CD WITH SAME TITLE AND THAT CD HAD MORE INFORMATION THAN MINE
0307265730|5.0|By the second paragraph you are interested in the characters and what will happen.  A talented writer.  An enjoyable read.   She has become one of my favorite authors and I anxiously await her next book.
031606792X|5.0|I am really surprised at all the low reviews.  I thought the book was absolutely great.  Without giving it away, I really liked how she wrapped the book up.  I think the book fit perfectly with the rest of the books in the series, and I would recommend it to anyone!  In fact I already have..LOL
031606792X|4.0|Okay, I am just totally flabergasted at the HATRED that some people have for the book and for Stephenie Meyer at this point....I mean what did you all expect?  Let's think about this for a minute...what were MOST people wanting for the conclusion of this book after Eclipse?  1. Edward and Bella get married--- Check  2. The much anticipated consummation of their love---Check  3. Jacob imprints on someone else so he can have a love in his life--Check  4. The Volturi return in some form, for the danger and suspense--Check    So what is everyone's problem...did MOST people get what they were truly wanting?  Yah, so noone expected a child out of the series and noone expected Jabob to imprint on Nessie (of all the names.they chose that?)but isn't that what \\"twists and turns\\" and unexpected events are for in books..to keep you guessing?      Did people really want to see the whole \\"who do I choose Jacob or Edward?\\" saga drawn out any longer...the thought makes me shutter...enough already, make your FINAL choice and be done.  Did anyone really want to have to sit through an entire book of wondering if she was going to turn into a vampire, just to have them do it at the end of the book and \\"fade to black\\"...I doubt it.    I enjoyed reading how her life was as a vampire and I think it took a lot of courage for Meyer to write it out for us...she could have taken the easy way and just written it into the end and not even touched the subject leaving it to everyone's imagination, but she didn't. She satisfied us with what her life would be like...HAPPY..    As for the \\"she didn't have to sacrifice anything in this book\\".  That's true, but hadn't she been through ENOUGH..didn't she deserve a nice happy ending to her last year and a half?  I think so.  We see enough sacrifice, betrayal, misery in real life, can we just enjoy a little \\"happily ever after\\"...Again, isn't that what we ALL wanted?  So no more whining!  If you wanted a different ending or different twists, how about youbecome a writer and write your own fantasy...good luck with THAT!    I enjoyed the book, pacing was a little slow in some parts, but that is to be expected from these books..Meyer is a little long winded sometimes, but I'm just happy I got to go on this little adventure with Meyer and am accepting of anyplace she decided to take the book..after all this is HER story to tell, and HER characters...If you don't like go write your own and I'll see you at your first book signing!
B000NQR7R0|2.0|My CD showed up and it had two copies of the DVD in it with the same two songs on both, I didn't get a CD... Guess I have to contact somebody
0061537934|5.0|This has got to be one the best books ever written about a dog (by a dog).  It works on so many different levels.  The author's insight into how a dog thinks & reacts is right on the money. There's not a fake moment in the entire book.  You'll laugh, and cry, & the ending is just perfect.  I couldn't put it down, but didn't want to finish it at the same time.  Enzo's story will stick with you long after you finished reading it.  I've have given copies to all my friends & they all love it as well.  If you ever had a dog, or wanted one, you must read this book. Garth Stein is my new favorite author.
0143039601|5.0|Jack Kerouac was considered something of a revolutionary of his time, though whether or not he fits that bill in each person's mind is entirely a personal decision tied closely to their belief system and the flexibility of their description of the term.    Reading Dharma Bums can be something of an inspirational journey for any free-spirited souls who enjoy dreaming of climbing a mountain or just cutting loose and doing whatever their degenerative mind feels like doing at that moment.    With characters who drink tea and openly share their intimacies with one another, whose dark as well as hopeful and intellectual sides, not to mention immature and once naive sides being depicted quite visually to the reader, there is reason to be impressed with Mr. Kerouac's work.    I would recommend this book to anyone with an open mind and an appreciation for fresh experiences, as well as an ability to discern the difference between enjoying a uniquely written piece of literature from the choosing of one's own moral behaviors in daily life.    Perhaps it is not a book for developing minor minds, but it ought to be enjoyable for the well-read adult.
B0016AJU2C|1.0|While I have loved previous Alanis Morrisette albums, this one misses the mark.I have listened to this album repeatedly thinking that it will grow on me.Instead ,I find most of the songs and especially the lyrics to be just annoying.If your into New Age drivel then you will love this album but after 3 weeks in the CD stack in the car all I find is that I keep hitting the fast forward button.
B0015D3Z4O|5.0|I am a HUGH Madonna fan and I do listen to all kinds of music.  Her last album, \\"Confessions...\\" I thought had a European feel to it,very house/trance-like sound.  I loved the fact that she just completely switched it up and created a more hip hop feel to the Hard Candy album, she worked with Amazing Producers and Writers such as the WORLD renowned Pharrell Williams and Justin Timberlake, and switching her style from album to album does not make her a \\"Sell Out\\" it makes an amazing artist who knows how to target all kinds of audiences from different Genres, not too many artists have been as successful.  You can tell the songs that were produced by P. Williams, they're very heavy influenced w/ hip hop beats, where the ones co-written by Justin Timberlake are more pop songs.  My favorite songs (and I have many) have to be \\"Miles Away\\" \\"She's not me\\" and \\"Incredible\\"...but to be honest I truly love it all.  I HAVE TO SAY I ABSOLUTELY LOVE THIS ALBUM, and everyone who I lend my copy to loves it as well.
031606792X|5.0|Breaking Dawn was an awesome culmination to a great series. Kudos to Stephenie Meyer for writing such an amazing book. For those of you who are cutting it down, remember this: you didn't create this world and you can't determine how it ends. Many people were unhappy with the ending of Harry Potter, too. Just because it didn't end the way you wanted it to, doesn't mean it was a horrible book. Part of the great anticipation I had waiting for this book was seeing which way she would choose to end it. I loved it and I'll read it again and again just like the Harry Potter series.
031606792X|1.0|*Spoiler Warning* I was a fan of Twilight, the whole saga, before the release of Breaking Dawn, and then I read Breaking Dawn and everything changed. This book is so bad I don't even know where to begin. The characters that were fully developed in the previous novels were completely torn apart and remade into perfect little wonderful people. Their flaws were erased. Nothing of significance happened in this book. It is a terrible read. I had to force myself to finish it because it was so bad.  I can accept that Bella married her obsessive boyfriend only because she is just as obsessed with him as he is with her. I can accept that they like to have sex all the time. I can even accept that she gets pregnant, even though that is not possible for her. Maybe Stephenie is trying to tell her readers to wear a condom, I don't really know. However, I can not accept that ending to the series. It is so terrible because nothing happens. Stephenie always says she writes these books as if they were movies; I can not see this book ever making it to the big screen. Nothing  of significance happens and it becomes tedious and boring. She should have saved face and ended it after the second part of this book, because the last 400 pages are pointless. unless you like feeling inadequate, and seeing a whiny little girl  given everything and not being happy about it. It's so pointless. DO NOT SPEND MONEY ON THIS BOOK! borrow it from a friend if you must read it, but beware that is it revolting, predictable, bland and a waste of time.
B00005JPY0|5.0|This is a comic book come to life so you must suspend all logic and just sit back and enjoy the movie.  Everyone does a spectacular job except the film editors.  The fight scenes are impossible to see because the jump cuts are so close that nothing can be seen.  There is more property destruction than normally seen in these movies but enough to satisfy even the most jaded teenager.  The acting is very well done by all participants but Heath Ledger's Joker is an academy award performance if I have ever seen one.  It was rumored that this part left him depressed which was why he overdosed on pain and anti-depressants.  After seeing this movie I can easily believe that portraying this socio-path would have left even the most stable person depressed.  The Joker is the most realistic villain I have seen in any movie.  This is not only an evil person Leger brings him to life in such a way that he is totally believeable.  There is no comic book villain in this performance but a truly evil psychopath.  I felt the addition of \\"Two Face\\" was unnecessary and actually detracted from Leger's performance but that doesn't detract from the quality of the acting.  This is an excellent movie but Ledger's performance raises it to a spectacular level.  By all means see the movie if only to see Ledger's Joker.  Easily a five star film.
031606792X|5.0|I felt that this book was different from the others but in a good way. Bella is older, she is more adult and her life has changed, along with the content displayed. She is faced with more adult decisions, how to handle a husband, a family, and keeping them all safe. I think the reason many are quick to judge this book harshly is because of the drastic turn the love triangle of Bella, Jacob, and Edward took. It did come from left field, but that is what I like about these novels. It is never what I expect, and everytime I think I have something figured out, something different happens which causes me to rethink what is happening. I am glad Stephenie did not take the easy road and write a soap opera type novel in which Bella rethinks her choice of Edward throughout the whole story, it was resolved in a way that explains why he felt the need to be near her, it was destiny that he would eventually be part of her family. I highly recommend this book and before people trash it, they should really re-read it, and try to understand the issues of the character and where she was in her life. Stephenie-thank you for taking risks, it is what makes students in my class want to pick up a book again!!
031606792X|5.0|I understand the reason for a lot of the negative reviews here, I do. But I hope that people will be able to move past Mrs. Meyer's perceived moral platform to see that this is a wonderful ending, imperfections included.    Bella DOES have to make choices, and eventually she will have to give things up that she loves, when her age far exceeds her mortal parents and friends. She will, I think, come to find that relationships with humans will always end painfully. She CHOSE to save her child, thereby forfeiting her own life--had Edward not made her a vampire, she would have died altogether, but as it was she still had to sacrifice her human life--a great sacrifice indeed, I think.    While I'm not a fan of children and at first I was uneasy about Bella being pregnant, I came around to the idea and found that it was pretty perfect because it wasn't. It's true: I don't necessarily think that people should be reproducing at her age, but you see, she and her family will have forever to mature and grow together. They have forever to grow up, and I think this novel shows Bella acting considerably older than her years. I was happy to see it. She has always been an incredibly self-sacrificing girl, don't you think?    In any case, I was also happy about Jacob's imprinting - it makes so much sense to me. The best parts of Bella and the magic of Edward. Who could blame him?     This is a spectacular story and much heavier than the previous three. Sure, there's sex in it, but the heroes are teenagers. I mean, I don't understand holding it against them. And it's all very tastefully done, so I wouldn't worry about young kids reading it (at least they were married first, right?). And if you had found a bond like theirs, why not?    I was also pleased that there's a little more Jasper in this story - I have such a soft spot for him it's silly.    Thank you, Stephenie Meyer, for sharing this story with us.
031606792X|5.0|What a great ending to an already great story! Stephenie was true to her vision. I have read some of the more negative reviews, and am surprised at that kind of response.  To me, those who were dissapointed, didn't understand the author's vision from the beginning.  They may have been entertained, but just didn't get it.  The story has always been about Bella AND Edward.  Can a human and a vampire (remember, its just fantasy...)have an unconditional love story, with a happy ending.  I asked myself from the moment in Twilight, when they knew what they were up against, and accepted the level of feeling they had for each other.  By the end of that book I knew that they could and found myself hoping and wishing that they somehow would have that happy ending.  I came into the series late and New Moon was already out, with Eclipse just weeks away from release. I jumped into the second right away and was just as riveted.  It introduced the beginnings of \\"Camp Jacob\\".  I could see that Bella fell in love with Jacob in New Moon but was clueless as to her feelings.  Welcome conflict.  Any great love story has to have it, and Stephenie nailed it!  I was pulling my hair out in Eclipse; I felt the conflict tearing at the major players but still felt that Stephenie's vision would prevail through Breaking Dawn. I was not dissapointed. All the twists and turns came together the way they were meant to.  Everyone, including Jacob, had their happy ending and the question was answered.  Yes, true powerful uncondtional love can prevail. Fabulous job Stephenie!!!!!
0156034026|4.0|The pose is gentle and enticing and you are drawn in like a spider wants you to as you walk unaware into its web.  That is how I felt as I was reading the book: tentative and wondering as the plot unfolded.  I loved the ending: a journey of life's coincidences and sharp turning points that could so easily change our course forever; or is it forever. A touching love story or was it.  very enticing and I am sure each reader will get something different from what I got out of the novel.  A lot left to the imagination, but I like that a story teller allows the space for you to create your own scene.
B0017VG69U|4.0|The second season of \\"Star Trek: The Original Series\\" was a particularly strong one with many outstanding episodes but it also had its share of duds as the grind of producing a weekly TV series wore down the production team. This new remaster uses digitally restored episodes along with new visual effects added recently. Episodes such as \\"The Doomsday Machine\\" and \\"Amok Time\\" both benefit substanially from the new visuals. The former episode a tense one about an ancient artifact from a long forgotten war that destroys planets features new visuals that compliment the story. The original model for the U.S.S. Constellation which is ravaged by the planet eater was an AMC model that looked terrific at home not so terrific when compared to the Enterprise model. The visual effects crew burned and damaged the plastic model but it never looked realistic. Here you can actually see the support beams where the skin was torn off the Constellation in battle.<br /><br />It makes the episode that much more powerful and the scenes as the Enterprise swiftly moves in to attack the machine look particularly good even if they are in standard definition on this DVD.<br /><br />We also get duds like \\"The Omega Glory\\" where Gene Roddenberry attempts to use a \\"Trek\\" episode as a metaphor for the Cold War. Gene L. Coon left during the second season which means the show lost of one its most creative writer-producers. Coon was one of the finest writers on the production team (along with D.C. Fontana and John D.F. Black during the first season)during the first and second season John Meredyth-Lucas (who wrote the classic episode \\"The Changling\\" where the Enterprise's fate hinges on a case of mistaken identity by an old space probe and which probably inspired Alan Dean Foster's story \\"In Thy Image\\". That story was to be the pilot episode of the new series with most of the original cast. When \\"Star Trek: The Motion Picture\\" was put into production instead Harold Livingston (with some rewrites by Gene Roddenberry) retooled the episode into a feature film directed by Robert Wise) came on board and wrote/directed a number of very good episodes filling much of the void left by the late Coon.<br /><br />We get almost all the originals special features ported over from the previous boxed set of the second season except for the text commentary tracks. We also get \\"Billy Blackburn's Home Movies\\" which gives us more footage behind-the-scenes narrated by Blackburn that was shot when the show was in production. Additionally, we get the \\"Star Trek: The Animated Series\\" episode \\"More Trouble, More Tribbles\\" with David Gerrold's optional commentary track and the \\"Trials and Tribble-ations\\" amusing tribute episode from \\"Star Trek: Deep Space Nine\\". There are also some extras ported over from the \\"DS9\\" set that had this episode on it including two featurettes \\"Uniting Two Legends\\" and \\"An Historic Endeavor\\" which discusses the challenges of creating this episode, making it work as a \\"DS9\\" episode even though it had a \\"gimmick\\" and the difficult in combining the \\"DS9\\" crew into the old \\"Trek\\" episode. We also get previews for the episodes. The menu is the same design as the previous set. Kudos to Paramount for including the other two \\"Tribble\\" episodes with the extras. While it didn't cost them much to include they could have given us NOTHING.<br /><br />In place of a booklet we get the individual plastic cards that have a picuture on the front from an episode on that set along with details on the back about the episodes and extras. I don't like the cards although they are a clever concept. Which brings us to the flimsy packaging. The plastic case would be great if the hinges weren't so delicate and broke so easy. The design is sharp and the intent was good but the execution was lacking.<br /><br />The problem with this set though is simple--this was originally to be a dual sided DVD/HD-DVD combo. While the HD-DVD format may be dead, Paramount went ahead and used the two sided hybrid discs that they had purchased for the previous season set to manufacture these but didn't put anything on the \\"HD\\" side of the disc except the same disc info as on the previous set. I understand that Paramount was reluctant (with their funding from Toshiba pulled who paid Paramount for the exclusive rights to release this to HD-DVD)to continue on but they should have finished what they started for HD-DVD owners. If nothing else, Paramount should have put episodes on the flip side with the original visual effects so fans could view either version of the show.<br /><br />I'm disappointed that Paramount didn't put together a Blu-ray version in time to coincide with this release but I suspect they recognized that many fans will buy this AND the Blu-ray so they could double dip. The HD masters were probably already prepared so they should have come out at the same time.<br /><br />Regardless, this is a fine season with some episodes sporting new visual effects that make a difference while others they are mere decoration. The extras are fine but Paramount should have included the original episodes with the original visual effects or the HD-DVD versions. They also should have released this to Blu-ray at the same time. Recommended but with hesitation because you just know a Blu-ray version is in the pipeline.d for the previous season set to manufacture these but didn't put anything on the \\"HD\\" side of the disc except the same disc info as on the previous set. I understand that Paramount was reluctant (with their funding from Toshiba pulled who paid Paramount for the exclusive rights to release this to HD-DVD)to continue on but they should have finished what they started for HD-DVD owners. If nothing else, Paramount should have put episodes on the flip side with the original visual effects so fans could view either version of the show.     I'm disappointed that Paramount didn't put together a Blu-ray version in time to coincide with this release but I suspect they recognized that many fans will buy this AND the Blu-ray so they could double dip. The HD masters were probably already prepared so they should have come out at the same time.    Regardless, this is a fine season with some episodes sporting new visual effects that make a difference while others they are mere decoration. The extras are fine but Paramount should have included the original episodes with the original visual effects or the HD-DVD versions. They also should have released this to Blu-ray at the same time. Recommended but with hesitation because you just know a Blu-ray version is in the pipeline.
B0013JG7IQ|3.0|This is not the first time that the Magic Flute is delivered as a film.  It is almost impossible to forget the great rendition of this opera by Bergman in 1975.  Although the spirit of Bergman is present in Branaghs version of Mozarts opera, Branagh is far much darker in his approach.  I do not think that this is a film for people who really know about opera.  Firstly it is considered almost an obscene practice in the opera world to change the language in which the opera was originally conceived by the composer (Bergman does it too).  Secondly, although the orchestra is quite good, most of the singers have a hard time trying to sing their parts.  Lyubov Petrova as the Queen of the Night and  Tom Randle as Monostatos are the only exceptions in the whole cast.  They are really good.   Joseph Kaiser as Tamino gets better towards the end but his start is pretty bad.  The rest of the cast migth be good for a Broadways musical but Mozart is a complete different story.  Amy Carson, in the extremely important role of Pamina, is probably the worse of the whole cast.  She has a very small and unidimensional voice that cannot be enhanced even with the audio magics.  Ren Pape as Sarastro has an extremely uneven and shallow voice that does not correspond with the role.  Benjamin Jay Davis is completely forgettable as Papageno too.  I have the feeling that with a better cast this film would have worked much better, at least for an opera aficionado audience.  In these days of Eurotrash productions of classical operas in almost every european stage, I do not think I should criticize Branaghs rather traditional interpretation of the original libretto. Moreover, I really like his fresh approach to a very well known subject.  Apart from some common places that could have been avoided I really enjoyed that aspect of the film.  Although I am not a big fan of this director I have to admit that he usually puts the best of himself in his projects.  You can easily feel in this film the love and trust of the director for what he is doing.
B0010ZR160|5.0|The only thing I'd known about this film before I first watched it was that there was a Lisbeth Scott song I loved in the film (\\"In the Darkness\\"), and that was the soundtrack CD I'd downloaded the song from. And I remembered that Amy Ryan had been nominated for an Oscar for her part, and the clip they showed on Oscar night made the film look interesting. But I saw it a month ago on cable, and two nights ago I watched it again and it was even better than the first time.<br />Amy Ryan is wonderful in the part of a hardscrabble mother whose child has gone missing, and Amy Madigan, who (like Ryan) doesn't seem to have enough screen time, is a standout as the aunt who will not leave the search for the child in the hands of the police, but hires a somewhat seedy neighborhood guy (Casey Affleck) who knows people who would never go to the cops, to augment the investigation. Ben Affleck did a wonderful job of directing a great cast. Morgan Freeman also stars in this film and I'd pretty much watch him in anything, but this film is honest and surprisingly affecting.
031606792X|5.0|Okay, people who are writing all the negative reviews, suck.   1)They are diehard Jacob fans (ew) who are so mad that Jacob didnt get Bella.   2)They wanted something bad to happen. Oh please, if something would have gone wrong, you would have had a little pissy fit, saying \\"How could she make that happen.\\" And you know it.   3)You guys realize you are upset by the OUTCOME of the story, by what happened? Get that? Its your opinion by what HAPPENED, thats why you hate the book.     Sure, Stephenie Meyer could have EASILY pleased your little queer souls, by making what you wanted to happen, happen. But maybe you dont get what authors do. Maybe you dont get how its their story, and you have no say in what happens to the characters that have been in her mind since Twilight.     I mean, did ANY of you realize how amazingly written this novel was? How she was able to make Jacob tell some of the story, yet he had is own distinct voice. It was amazing! Every word she uses is perfectly placed, every idea she has flows perfectly, and every voice she uses perfectly holds onto the character. I mean, I was stunned. Through her writing I could hear them talk, see them talk...feel them even. I had the most amazing mind image.   It was a fantastically written book. You all are bickering because things didnt come out the way YOU wanted them to.   Personally, this is my favorite book in the series. So many climaxes, so many big parts that happened.   Where would that have left us if the book ended with someone dead, like Jacob, or the Cullens. Where would that have left us if Jacob was still obsessing over Bella. Where would we be if Bella stayed human, and Edward just watched her grow up. We would be heartbroken! We should be celebrating with them.   But all you \\"die hard fans\\" -snicker- think that all \\"real\\" fans are angry about it. Im not. Personally, it had to come out with everything okay for them, or else we...well, I would be depressed.   It was a very shocking book! So many awesome things happen; none of which I was expecting. I absolutely adored this book.
140130916X|2.0|While the premise of the story is good, the movie did a much better job of capturing the characters.  Her writing style needs polish and she writes as a 22 year old pretending to know what it's like to be 30 and widowed.  The characters have no depth and you find yourself saying over and over again \\"that wouldn't really happen\\".  Phrases are used repetitively and dialog is weak.  There were some charming moments, but overall it reads like a high school paper.  The author needs to mature a little and get some life experience.  Skip the book and rent the movie.
031606792X|3.0|I couldn't put the first 3 down.  This one doesn't have the excitement the other 3 had.  Yes I wanted Bella to have the marriage with Edward.  I thought maybe the publishers told Meyer to cool it on the violence and hot topics with Edward as it was not too steaming or violent/exciting with the enemies as previously.  I was dissapointed in the way this book was written.  I felt that it was not as well written as the first three.  I also told a friend of mine that I felt my 16 year old might of wrote it. I honestly was surprised that this was a Stephenie Meyers book.  To me it was totally different.  I would not of been so excited about the first three had they been like this one.  Yes I'm glad that they have the baby but it's growing so rapidly it will outgrow their folks at that rate. Maybe then it will grow old with Jacob, but it will probably surpass him also.  I guess this was how she had to be turned and the baby that killed her was the way to do it.
0765318741|4.0|I just finished reading this book and was completely blown away by Matheson's gripping story of a man living in a post-apocalyptic vampire-infested world.  I'm almost afraid to see the movie now, because I generally feel that the book is better than the movie.  This is probably one of the best novels I've ever read.<br /><br />As an aside, a few of his short stories were published with this novel and I found one of them, \\"Prey,\\" to be the basis for the 1975 television horror movie, \\"Trilogy of Terror\\" which gave me nightmares for a month.
B0013D8LCW|3.0|Though this project is low budget and the characters and certain plot details could have been more fully explored...     The acting is good, the story is compelling, the guys are cute and the issues explored are things that anyone (gay, straight, bi, transgenered) can relate to.  The male leads share great chemistry; the viewer truly cares about what will happen to them and ultimately the film is empowering in that it encourages the viewer to see that he or she can choose their own path in life and that love may materialize at the most unexpected times. The soundtrack is very entertaining and it fits in nicely with the narrative and the beautiful California beaches.
031606792X|5.0|While different from the first three books, Breaking Dawn was a very enjoyable read.  I am enjoying it even more the second time through.
0441013074|4.0|In the 23rd century, Earth is a barren world, rendered uninhabitable nearly two centuries before by the Nanocaust, a global catastrophe of our own making.  Now under the surface of the Martian moon Phobos a wormhole is discovered that links us to Earth.  Well...not quite.  This Earth was never touched by the Nanocaust.  In fact, on this doppelganger of humanity's birth it is not even the 23rd century.  The year is 1959.  And forces are beginning to coalesce against its unwitting inhabitants; a swirling maelstrom whose heart is in Paris, France.  These forces may end up leading this Earth down a similar, apocalyptic path to the original.    Add into the mix Verity Auger, an archaeologist and expert on the original Paris, France, and Wendell Floyd, a private detective native to the duplicate Earth who was hired to investigate a murder that is somehow tied to the thickening plot against this world, and what you have is another well-written tale about the distant future of humanity by Alistair Reynolds.    Century Rain's plot flows really well and moves along quickly, never feeling stilted or choppy.  The duplicate, 1959 Earth is described in great detail.  And, while some of the minor characters could have been fleshed out a bit more, the over all tale does not lack for personae that seem truly human.    The problem I have with this book is that the author does not go into enough detail about certain aspects of the universe he has created.  For instance, those who survived the Nanocaust settled in orbiting environs and ultimately split into two primary factions.  One faction, the Threshers, live in a near-Earth environment called Tanglewood.  The other faction of humanity, the Slashers, settled farther out in the solar system and created the Polity.  While there is some cursory detail about Tanglewood at the beginning of the tale, I would like to have been given much more information about what life was like in this place.  After all, this place is a sort of banishment...forever living within reach of Earth, but barely able to touch it because of humanity's past crimes.    As for the Slasher's Polity, we get to find out what their position is on the matters at hand, but we never visit any of their outer-system colonies, we are never taken to any of their settlements.  What is ordinary life like for this group, who, like the Threshers, are banished from Earth?    If Reynolds had elaborated on these entities more and better delineated the similarities and differences between them, it could have only enhanced the overall plot by showing what humanity has become along with what they have lost.  I feel Reynolds missed a chance for vital comparisons between both Thresher and Slasher cultures and what is beyond reach in an Earth that will never be what it once was...humanity's home.    Also, while I don't want to reveal too much, I found it odd that Reynolds created a character in Verity Auger that encounters certain situations and rarely thinks of her two kids when deciding on the course of action for those situations.  Would not her motherly instincts at least give her pause about what actions she deems appropriate in certain situations?  Early on Auger admits to being a less-than-great mother, but shouldn't there have been some internal struggle, no matter how fleeting?  Again, while I feel that Reynolds missed a chance for further depth in his story, this was the only blemish in a character, that at times, lit up the page.    While I believe these flaws detracted from the sheer depth of the over all story, I must give credit where credit is due.  Reynolds has written another fine story that is extremely easy to read, and leaves you turning page after page until there are...alas...no more pages to turn.
B00004T9UF|3.0|3 1/2    I will agree with the majority that Eminem's 2nd major release was his strongest, lyrically and creatively- but I will not go so far as to call this album a masterpiece, or even a classic. For every innovation there is a mediocrity. For every genre-busting crossover \\"Stan\\" or brilliantly deranged \\"Kim\\" there are just as many generic party anthems dwelling in the forgettable. No one can deny however, when Dre's production truly rises to Eminem's lyrical best- as brief segments of the record often flirt with, mainstream hip hop had risen to a new standard.
032147404X|5.0|This book is a must have for any beginner thru advanced amateur.  I'm in the advanced amateur category.  Gives you solid opinion.  You can choose to investigate or accept; regardless, this is inexpensive advice you can use to great value.  Buy it or give as gift.  I cannot wait for an updated or new version.  I will buy the next gen of this book immediately.
B00005JPO1|5.0|I saw this in the theater with my family and was blown away by it. I love this film. I am a big fan of the first three, and while this is not as great as it's three predecessors, it totally rocks! The acting, cinematography, story, writing, and special effects are first rate. I recommend this to Indiana Jones fans. If you don't like it, that's all right, as we all have our own opinions.
031606792X|5.0|**SPOILERS**<br /><br />I cannot remember in recent history reading a book that so thoroughly surprised me. I couldn't believe the bravery of Stephenie in beginning the whole book with Bella and Edward's wedding. After Eclipse, I thought the wedding would be the culmination of the last book, not the beginning of it. What a wonderful message for people young and old, that marriage is a beginning, not an ending.<br /><br />Bella's pregnancy did put me off a little. Edward's technique in helping Bella give birth to the child was horrifying to me. And yet, after giving it some thought, in a vampire sort of way, it did make sense.<br /><br />After it became clear that the story was not what I thought it was going to be, I decided to just give way to Stephenie's vision of the story. I just let her tell it her way, and when I did that I truly enjoyed it.<br /><br />Were there things I would change? Yes. I wanted more Edward in the story. While I am a very big Jacob fan, Bella chose Edward, and I wanted more dialogue between them. I wanted a huge battle with the Volturi where both Bella and Edward kicked some major ancient vampire buttocks. (Shades of Mrs. Weasly and Bellatrix in Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows?)<br /><br />I think that perhaps Stephenie made a misstep when she decided to write Breaking Dawn as the finale. While she did a good, if rather rushed, job of wrapping everything up in nice neat packages, I think if she were to have just written the next in the series, realizing that she may have two or three more books to end everything, we'd have a different tale.<br /><br />Nonetheless, I'm still giving Stephenie a 5-star review. After all the internet TROLLS had their way with her ratings early on, I feel she needs and deserves our support. This is an exciting, emerging new author.
0517147688|5.0|I love Jane Austen, so it wasn't going to be hard for this book to impress me! :)  I love that it's bound so beautifully, with lovely illustrations to go along with the stories. The novels speak for themselves, so I need not go on about them!<br /><br />My only problem with this book is it's so big and heavy as to render it useless for a travel companion! But sit down with a cup of tea at home, and I couldn't think of a better book to read! :)
B001AX60KU|1.0|RCA/BMG have taken yet another potentially great idea for a new release and screwed it up again! Will it never end?! The title \\"Complete '68 Comeback Special\\" is a LIE in itself. This set is NOT COMPLETE! The big blunder is the fact that disc 1 is called \\"The Original Album\\", which is the LAST thing they should have included here! I enjoyed it when it was first released, but I think that most serious Elvis fans have learned since then that there were MANY things wrong with this LP! A lot of what should be in true stereo were only included in flat mono sound, including \\"Memories\\" and \\"If I Can Dream\\"  and the opening of the Gospel Medley (\\"Sometimes I Feel Like A Motherless Child\\") was completely cut from the album. The instrumental breaks on this medley were shortened as well. A few years back, RCA released the 2-disc set \\"Memories-The'68 Comeback Special\\", and although this was far from complete, it DID include the entire Gospel Medley completely un-cut! Why then did they go back to releasing the cut version on this set which claims to be complete?! You would think a set like this would by now be the definitive version, but it's not! I really believe the label does these things purposely to get as much money out of the poor Elvis fan as they can! Even the huge DVD set of this show had a mistake in it. The \\"It Hurts Me\\" sequence was only included in separate pieces (the way it was filmed) and not in its' entirety! A 4-disc set!...and I also had to go out and buy the single disc version, which came out later, just to have this entire song sequence, which is one of my favorites! If you're a casual Elvis fan, then these things probably won't mean anything to you...but if you're a die-hard fan like me, then you'll still be longing for RCA/BMG to get something right so we won't have to keep buying it over and over!
B000002O4X|5.0|I was lucky enough to actually safari in Africa in the late 80's. With this CD I can close my eyes and remember the wonderful journey.  Of course the movie provided visual benefits as well.
B00005MCX2|3.0|3 1/2    Expectedly satisfying in equal parts space and sludge, this live disc remains a sturdy time-capsuled recording but musically does not exceed expectations. It's all slightly amateurish and rather monotone in a garage-stoner sort of way, though arguably the best example of that, especially back then. It's great stuff   to invest in when starting out in alternative classic heavy rock; people who argue Hawkwind's influence may as important as Sabbath's have every right to do so....many of the tunes just get a little old and repetitious over time.
031606792X|4.0|After having read the 3rd installment of the Twilight book series--I wasn't all that compelled to read the last because I was afraid that the ending would devastate me. Of course I couldn't keep away for long. I grabbed a copy and started to read until my eyes were sore. I rarely put it down. I've come tot he conclusion that although I did find it strange that Bella's character seemed to change and her actions were a bit cheesy. Or maybe it was just me who thought so... Despite that--I give the novel a 4 out of 5. No matter what  other people think of the book, I'm really not  disappointed with the ending of Breaking Dawn. I, for one, would not have been able to sleep if the book ended tragically. I'm more than happy that Bella and Edward got their much-deserved happy ending, although it did seem a little too wishy-washy. I don't care! I'm glad for that! I'll miss the Twilight saga dearly and Breaking Dawn should be just as highly-regarded a novel as its 3 novel predecessors.
B0017HRCQU|5.0|Finally on Blu Ray and my oh, my is it gorgeous. The gifts are ok, but what really makes it worth it is the 6 minute sneak peak for The Dark Knight.
1577314808|4.0|I read this AFTER I read his book A New Earth.  So, I liked this book but got more out of the other.  I would recommend you start there (A New Earth).  But, I will say that the \\"power of now\\" concept (it's in both books) COMPLETELY changed my life the second I read it.  You start right now implementing the concepts because that is all you have!  So simple and logical - I guess that is why the general population is missing it...people are always trying to make things so complicated.  One of the best things I noticed was an instantaneous change in my children's behavior!  Nothing can put a price on that!
031606792X|1.0|I have to admit that I was extremely excited when I went to get this book. I wasn't one of those people who went at midnight but that was only because none of my close friends read this book. But I did go get it early Saturday morning. I came home to all of the negative Amazon reviews and I'll admit that I read the spoilers. I was still a bit skeptical of everything and determined to plow on through the book anyways.  But what can I say? The book was exactly as bad if not worse than what everyone else had already said. I wasn't even entirely sure what the conflict of the plot was? Whatever happened to giving us a Bella that was ACTUALLY a newborn vampire? Instead of a superstar vampire? She was so out of character that it got me cringing because I couldn't really stand it anymore.   I'm not even going to mention the Loch Ness monster, Jacob's disgusting imprinting or any of that because I am trying so hard to pretend that it never happened.  It's almost as if Stephenie Meyer got scared that the fans would lash out at her if she didn't give us what she THOUGHT we wanted and came up with this pile of nonsense.  This is something that is honestly really disappointing to me. I loved these books. I tried to get everyone to read them. Now it's like, \\"Yeah read these books, but you should probably stop sometime around 3 because the 4th one? All of us like to pretend it never happened.\\"   So there goes a beloved series of mine that was always a nice escape from the real world....
031606792X|4.0|Wow, there are a lot of people who are taking this book way to seriously. I for one am grateful for the happy ending; anything else would have been devastating. Thanks Stephanie for letting a 32-year-old mom of three live in your vampire world for awhile, it was thrilling.
031606792X|1.0|so many others here have said what I would say, so I won't repeat them.  I will say that I liked the first three books, but do not like this one.  In fantasy stories, things all come out happy in the end, but the difference between this and other fantasies is that in other ones there is growth, there are lessons learned, there is suffering.  But no, Bella will always be a ditsy teenage girl, which is silly because when she was human and in high school, she was taking AP classes.  She was smart, but Myers never let that be a part of Bella - no, she focused on her clumsiness.  I wanted Bella to become a vampire, and she did. But I hoped that she would also become the smart girl she really was, and an asset to the family.    Finally, I dislike the anti-abortion story.  Really, that's what it was:  keep your baby no matter how bad it gets, no matter how much pain it causes, no matter what kind of monster it might be .... don't abort it!  This message ruined the first part of the book for me, and I was glad when she finally had the kid and that part was over.
B000FP2OPY|5.0|The beginning of one the best teen action, dram and sci-fi show. I haven't loved a series like this since Buffy first came out great writing, acting and cast. Highly recommend.
B00005IC2H|4.0|We should probably all bow down to Bill Perez as he is undoubtedly the all knowing god of all critics.  Don't mind him, he just needs a hug.  Anyway, about the album.  Its great stuff.  Different.  Trippy.  Beautiful.  Listen to some of their stuff first.  If you don't like it, don't buy it.    I rated it 4 stars because it is MY PERSONAL OPINION. It just means its great but I like other things better.
B000R7GKQE|5.0|After such a great first season I thought it couldn't get any better but it did. The chemistry between the actors was phenomenal this season and can't wait for the 3rd season to be out on DVD.    A must buy
031606792X|2.0|Breaking Dawn should've started a whole new series. Steph   D-R-A-G-G-E-D I-T O-U-T, I was an obsessive fan for the first 3 books (I have the flair to prove it.).   It felt like she started grasping at endings for people/ situations. The whole series was about vulnerability and Bella holding her own in many everyday situations... Breaking Dawn was a let down. Sorry Steph, I want my money back.
B000YM4I4S|1.0|Mahler had the hubris to set himself up to be a master orchestrator.  He showed some respect to Brahms, and did not reorchestrate his orchestral pieces, but Schumann was fair game. Tchaikovsky, Ravel, and others have orchestrated piano music of Schumann, and that is appropriate, not an insult.  But to reorchestrate the Schumann symphonies, his orchestral works, what kind of person would do that?     Schumann had studied Bach carefully and learned some orchestration cues from Bach, especially the doubling of instruments in composition, a trait for which he has since been severely criticized.  It was Schumann who had found the St Matthew Passion and brought it to Mendelssohn's attention.  To my ear, when the Schumann symphonies are played correctly, (the orchestras of Leipzig and Dresden do that), in the original scores, they are among the most beautiful symphonies to be heard. Chailly has performed the fourth symphony of Schumann on an all Schumann DVD with the Leipzig Gewandhaus Orchestra, so that he has demonstrated convincingly that he can make the original Schumann scores beautiful. What Mahler has done has made the Schumann symphonies suitable for elevator music, if they are not played too loudly. It is my firm opinion that Mahler contributed nothing of value in his reorchestration of some of the greats in the history of music, namely Bach, Beethoven, and Schumann.     Bach is a towering figure in the history of music and his efforts contributed to Mahler's musical development itself.  Without Bach, there would be no Mahler as we now know him.  Mahler's efforts contributed to the musical development of Lawrence Welk.  Without Mahler, Lawrence Welk might have been more worthy to listen to, and, certainly, there would have been no Lawrence Welk as we knew him.    Sigmund Freud and Gustav Mahler had a long walk in the park when Mahler's marriage was breaking up.  Mahler returned and never wrote another piece of music. At least, that is what is claimed in a medicalarticle that I read a few years ago.  My thoughts are that it would be better for Mahler, and all of us as well, if Mahler had taken that walk before he focused his attention on Schumann, Bach, and Beethoven.
031606792X|3.0|For those who are in angst over the way Stephenie Meyer wrote HER book, I must say, wouldn't it just be better to write your own the way you would like it to turn out?  Then perhaps other people can review your book and return the favor!<br />On to the book, shall we?<br />First, the plot, seemed forced to me.  Lots of conveniences that most definitely were not thought out from the beginning but haphazardly inserted into the last book in order to tie up a plot line.<br />Second, the ending did seem slightly fairy tale-ish.  One could not expect Anne Rice to end her vampire novels so neatly, with a Christmas bow and all.  Of course, this is not Anne Rice we are talking about.<br />Not a horrible book, but not brilliance.  Entertainment is what I would call it.<br /><br />Overall, I would only recommend buying this book because it satisfies the end of a reading effort that began long ago with Twilight.  If you're just now happening into the series, I would most definitely check it out first and then buy it for my collection if I were impressed.
031606792X|5.0|Thank you Stephenie Meyer for creating the perfect ending to a fantasy I have been caught up in since book one.  Brilliant.
0307155102|5.0|I LOVE this book!  I had it when I was a child.  My favorite word in it is on the kitchen page \\"Batter Spoon\\"!!!
B000WGWQG8|5.0|I have seen the mini-series as well as read the book. Seeing the mini-series first greatly helps you visualize the scenes in the book and puts clear faces to the historical figures and their mannerisms. The book contains tons more detail, but I would recommend watching the mini-series first, then reading the book for the clearest mental imagery.
0425188809|5.0|This has to be one of the top 5 books I have read.  A unique concept, a great adventure, great underlying themes, it has it all.  You cheer for the characters, and it has a very satisfying conclusion.  I am a dog lover and have a Golden Retriever, and I don't know if I will ever look at her the same again.  This book was truly exciting and touching at the same time.
0553213105|4.0|The beautiful language in this novel made it an instant favorite for me.  The witty back and forth dialogues and characters created an amazinig atmosphere of intelligent and quirky people.  Though the book does not give the reader an idea of what was happening historically at that time, that is part of what makes it a timeless classic.  One gets a very good idea of what it was like to live in that time, but without the history it makes it open to all audiences.  Pride and Prejudice is an amazing novel that does not disgrace the reputation of classic literature, but gives it a boost up.
031606792X|5.0|I enjoyed the book, because I love the characters & I wanted to hear the rest of the story. I don't know why so many people are so worked up over it. They should just enjoy the fantasy.
B0017VG69U|5.0|I reviewed most of The Original Series episodes during the initial DVD release which began in 1999. So, the comments here focus on the new edition.<br /><br />Doubtless, Paramount will eventually release these episodes on Blu-ray.  But even at standard definition, the picture has never looked better. The colors pop off the screen, scratches have been removed, and grain, while noticeable, has been reduced to a bare minimum.  Unfortunately, with the improved picture, flaws in the original production are also more noticeable: shadows from boom microphones are detectable, zippers can be clearly seen in many of the uniforms, and 20th Century buildings can be seen in the background of \\"A Private Little War.\\"  Still, the picture shows the obvious care taken with the lighting and composition of the original shots (very different from today's flatly-lit, smash & grab style of television filming).<br /><br />Of course, the primary focus of this new release is the new CGI visual effects.  Season Two had a number of effects heavy episodes, including \\"The Doomsday Machine\\" and \\"The Immunity Syndrome,\\" and they benefit the most from the new effects.  Most of the new space shots are very convincing, remaining in the original spirit of the series. Only a few of the shots are major deviations from the originals, such as when the shuttle is seen exiting the Enterprise from the outside.  Restraint seems to be the watchword here, and I would have liked to have seen a little bit more done, such as the replacement of some very dated view screen graphics in \\"The Changeling,\\" and correction to faulty composite shots, such as in \\"Bread & Circuses.\\"  But the enhanced background plate in \\"By Any Other Name\\" is simply stunning, and the expanded castle front seen in \\"Catspaw\\" (an otherwise weak episode) is subtly done.<br /><br />The discs also include audio tracks in Spanish and French, although my partner (fluent in Spanish) tells me many of the Spanish translations are not faithful to the English originals.  As for bonus features, the real highlight is Billy Blackburn's behind the scenes movies, which show the actors in costume but out of character - a real treat.<br /><br />Bring on Season Three!for bonus features, the real highlight is Billy Blackburn's behind the scenes movies, which show the actors in costume but out of character - a real treat.     Bring on Season Three!
031606792X|1.0|I've been a Twilight fan since the first book came out and from the beginning, I wanted Bella to become a vampire. I wanted the happy ending.  Sadly though, this was not how I wanted the final book to turn out.    I thought everything was fine and dandy until I saw the baby thing coming. Don't even get me started on the name. The whole thing was awful. I actually had to put the book down and come back to it the next day. Bella and Edward aren't supposed to be able to have children. Also, I was under the impression that Bella didn't want any. From day one she didn't even want to get married. The second she got pregnant her entire personality changed. It was instantly \\"must save baby.\\" I understand that any mother would feel that way for their child, but that's never been like Bella. The fact that she ran to Rosalie for help was the strangest. It was as if none of the information on the previous books mattered anymore.     I've never been a very big fan of Bella. She's seems like a very empty character. She spends a majority of the time feeling sorry for herself and is as stubborn as a mule. I wanted to see Bella become a deeper character in this book, but she didn't. Even after becoming a vampire.    Jacob imprinting on Bella's child also bothers me to no end. When he met that girl in the park I thought maybe she be \\"the girl\\" for him, but no, he runs off back to Bella. In love, everything doesn't turn out perfectly. Someone always ends up hurt. I wanted Jacob to meet a new girl and move on from Bella, but no. He imprints on the kid. I also find it creepy, especially since he's been in love Bella from the beginning. It just doesn't feel right.    So, from a long term fan's point of view, Breaking Dawn was disappointing . I'm happy that Bella and Edward will be together for eternity, but that's about all I can be happy about when it comes to this story.
0240808452|3.0|MANY great reviews had me taking a chance and ordering this book. If you are at a beginner level with line drawing and the quality of line--then it is a good buy. The line quality and force, thickness etc are all good teaching tools to give drawings depth. MANY teachers do not stress this at all in drawing today.<br /><br />Many teachers do. I guess I was lucky as mine did (years ago in the 70's)In this book, he stresses force lines of figure drawing and the quality of the line (light touch, dark, heavy) as a way to show the force in a figure--therefore, adding a new dimension to your flat looking drawings IF you always use the same pressure on the pencil as your method. Or IF you draw tight and are afraid to loosen up and let the pencil flow on the paper along force lines until you have the figure.<br /><br />It really didn't help me at ALL, as I learned figure drawing this way. There are many of his and student drawings, and that's fine, but in all fairness and honesty--it didn't help me. I was disappointed in all the glowing reviews?!<br />YES, I really wasn't helped because I learned to draw this way. If you also learned this way, then there is not a lot of new material. That stated...IF YOU HAVEN'T LEARNED THIS--THEN ITS A GOOD STUDENT PRIMER!!!<br />To those prissy comments here: I WAS NOT BEING A KNOW IT ALL! JUST HONEST!
B000MNP2KI|5.0|I'll admit it: I used to think that Sean Connery was the only actor worthy of the role, so I was dubious going in.     Approximately nine frames into Daniel Craig's performance, I suddenly forgot that any other human had ever attempted the role.     Here is a James Bond that we can be AFRAID of. His bond is feral; a predator on the hunt. He's human, yet more than that. He's the first person to inhabit the role who really telegraphs the requisite amorality of the professional killer, but not at the complete expense of his humanity. He's intelligent, driven, and ruthless when the situation calls for it. He's a Bond who made me CARE. The others played Bond as a sort of superhuman killer lovebot; Craig's bond is new and fresh and flawed and very much, a dangerous work in progress. I can't WAIT to see where they take this character.     And, folks, on top of all that skill and presence, Craig makes you weak in the knees, too. Most will fawn over the bathing suit scene, but for this viewer, the tailor who crafted Bond's tuxedo should be awarded sainthood. Yummy. Naughty bit of crumpet, that.     It's a wonderful blend of Bond-style fantasy, action, brutality (you'll never look at Grandma's cane-seat chair in quite the same way, I guarantee), international intrigue, and of course, romance. I LOVED this movie for it's brains (and beauty).
B000GFLE86|5.0|i guess i am the last person on this planet to hear of Madeleine Peyroux, matter of fact it was last week.  i just went over the top with excitement and ordered Half the Perfect World and Careless Love immediately.     opinions, someone once said, are like \\"a. holes\\" (if you know what i'm referring to) and everybody has at least one and so here we are trying to make a statement about Madeleine Peyroux's talent.   say whatever you will and think whatever you like and on the bottom line it really doesn't matter one bit because what is is and what is not is not.   Madeleine is not Billy Holiday, though she sounds like her on some recordings and so what if she does?  this woman is a bona fide original artist of the first rank and her songs are distinct and reflect an artistry above mediocre, fake run of the mill modern day copy cats who hide behind time honored musical standards for lack of genuine talent.  Madeleine's songs are unlike the copy formats and her renditions are arranged and   played in a unique style, a blend of many different musical elements from  different artist, traditions and eras. her uniqueness is obvious in that  she is able to blend these elements into a new and distinct style all her own, unlike anybody else.  the songs are arranged with a ensemble that perfectly complement her singing and playing style and the flavor of the song itself. the simplicity of it all highlights the \\" what is needed, what is best no more or no less\\" this avoids  the tendency to clutter up the recording with fake appendages and electronic guizmo insertions  to cover up for the lack of real talent. no, Madeleine is real, fresh, new and unspoiled by the greed for fortune and fake fame.      lets just sit back and enjoy this sweet talent and accept it on its own merit without trying to remake it in our own critical image which, as i said already, does not matter one iota. those who criticize are themselves  unknown by name and no doubt lacking in any measure of  talent and fame; therefore, why don't all of you who have something negative to say,just shut the f. up!!!     reggio/chicago
0743454537|4.0|I would have like for this book to have never ended.  Picoult does a wonderul job of bringing each character to life.  I felt as though I knew each character personally & could empaathize with their feelings.  This book centers on a disease but that becomes just a small part of the focus of the story.  The characters each have a pivotal role & I like the way several storylines are occuring at once & how the lives of all the characters begin to intersect. I highly reccomend this book to anyone who has a sibling or is part of a family.  It is also a good read for anyone delaing with a serious family illness. Great read that I will definately enjoy again.
031606792X|4.0|I understand what people are complaining about. Meyer sticks to her story, sticks to her characters, sticks to her Y.A. novelist style: what, were you expecting a sudden change, a shift in the weather, a complete overhaul right at the end when there are three books' worth of loose ends to be tied up? Did you expect her to suddenly deviate from her mythology, change characters around completely (although some characters do some pretty uncharacteristic things, like Alice abandoning the family in the hour of need, these things do not happen without justification. It's called a *plot twist*, guys.)    With the expectations so high, it's no wonder a lot of people are unhappy with the results. They didn't get what they wanted. Too bad. A lot of us did. I enjoyed the first three thoroughly (Twilight is still the best imho) and while I'll admit the last one isn't perfect, I'm satisfied, and I can't wait to reread the whole darn thing again.    I do understand that some readers want to learn lessons from their reading, about the complexity of love and longing, of friendship and family, and many other things covered in the first three books. I think that's plenty. I got the lessons. From this last volume, I wanted closure, and I got it.     Thanks, Stephenie! You'll get a lot of flak for it, I know. Mothers are upset that their daughters will learn from Breaking Dawn that you need to find a hot, rich immortal guy who will marry you, buy you things, keep you safe, take away the need to go to college and get a career, and keep you barefoot and pregnant. Moms, give your daughters some credit. Some of us know fact from fiction, and if yours doesn't, I think it might be your job to explain the difference. (Furthermore, if your daughter actually manages to pull that off, WOW.)
031606792X|5.0|Some Spoilers...  What I don't get is why alot of people are so pissed about this book. It has the ending everybody wanted. And for the people who complain that now she can't make another book, guess what, the book was supposed to end so that there couldn't be another one from Bella's point of view at least. The series had to end somehow and this was it! I for one liked the book front to back. And, I couldn't put it down. I think that most of the people who left bad reviews hadn't read the complete series or read the book to fast and need to read it again. Bella turning in to a vampire had to happen. She couldn't go with Jacob because Edward was who she truly loved and wanted to spend her life with. And I don't think that SM was giving the idea to young adolescents that having sex was ok young. She wasn't that young. Yes she was a teenager still but she was more mature for her age, she was going to turn into a vampire anyway and she was married! Legally it was ok. Like I said I loved the book. Yes I admit that I was disappointed that somethings never happened but I got over it because something better happened. I think that somepeople need to grow up and realize that what happened had to happen.     For those that said the Bella was to young to feel that protective of her baby at so young an age has not had a baby before. When I was pregant with my children I would have done anything to protect and have healthy children I could very much see where Bella was coming from and as for the way Edward was men or vampire who was in love to the point he was would want to protect his wife in any way and think about it, it was from what they knew the first time this had happened. Until Edward could hear the baby he didn't know what it would be like a monster or more like Bella.    I do though realize that everyone is entitled to their own opinion. I think that this is the best book she has written. She should write more books. But, not necisarily about Bella. I didn't think that this book needed a fight. The part where the Volturi come is sort of like a fight only with mind power. I thought it was funny how the Volturi was shccked by Bella's power. I also thought it was great how Bella could control herself so well. That way the story wasn't filled with endless pages of her burning. Over all I would say that the way SM wrote the book was the way it needed to be written.       Please read the book and keep an open mind and enjoy!
031606792X|4.0|Contrary to a lot of these reviews, I enjoyed the book very much. Much has been made about the characters being different. Of course the characters are different--there are much darker, more adult themes in this book--marriage, pregnancy,a medical crisis, etc. as the story follows the development of Edward and Bella's relationship and Bella's evolution as wife, mother, and vampire. What I really liked about the book was that Bella came into her own and learned she strong in her own right and she could also protect her new family and balance both her human and vampire worlds.          Also, unlike a lot of people, I thought the baby was a fitting next stage in the story. Much has been made about how it's biologically  impossible vampires have sex, 100 year old sperm, it's impossible for someone to have 25 chromosomes, carry a baby to term in a few weeks...and on and on. But none of that bothered me because I just took it as a good story and a really interesting plot twist. I was also not bothered by the intensity of Bella and Edward's sexual relationship--that's what newlyweds do, and when Bella became a vampire, it was only natural that that sex became a bigger focus for them--Edward no longer had to hold back, vampires never get tired...you do the math.        Along the same lines, many people thought the baby was a distraction from the love story. I disagree. It is only natural that a child becomes a woman's top priority. I have children, but I don't think you necessarily have to be a mother to understand the strong, immediate bond between a woman and her unborn child. Why didn't Bella have more doubts? Well, maybe it all came naturally to her--it does for some women. But she also didn't have time to be anxious because very quickly she found herself and her child in jeopardy. And unlike some, I found it believable that she would then ally herself with Rosalie, even though their previous relationship had been strained. She knew \\"Rose\\" (that's not a new nicknameby the way, Alice called her Rose in New Moon) would understand how important the child was to her and that empathy forged a bond between them.        Ok, now lets skip to the ending--I've heard the ending described as a \\"cop out\\" and a huge build up to nothing. Again, I disagree. There was a battle--just not a physical one. I was fascinated by the intense negotiation which took place between the Cullens, their allies, and the Volturi. The battle was one of intellect, persuasion and reason, not bloodshed and death. The author recently alluded to it being a \\"courtly battle\\", like the chess game on the cover. But it is a chess game played on the edge of a sword, where one wrong move meant death and destruction for all our characters. I thought it was very well done.      I also find it hard to believe anyone would have been happy if any of the Cullens had died, which is clearly what would have happened had a physical fight broken out. Bravo to Stephenie Meyer for rising above the scene of carnage some people apparently wanted to see.  It's also kind of a sad commentary that a confrontation which does not end in blood and death is considered \\"nothing\\" and \\"boring\\" by some. It's a little disturbing that people would be upset that Edward and Bella's story ended happily. I loved Harry Potter, where a lot of main characters died (because the plot required it to some extent)--but remember the ultimate ending was also a happy one. And what's wrong with a happy ending?          There seems to be a lot of negativity out there directed at this book, but I thought it was a satisfying ending to a remarkable series of books. Much of this criticism is unfounded, so I hope people are not dissuaded from reading the book and judging for themselves. And that those who attacked it will take the time to read it again and reconsider.
B000P0J0EW|5.0|I couldn't believe there weren't more reviews on this.  This is hands down one of the top movies of all time.  If you haven't seen it yet you are truly missing out.  Go now to the video store and rent it.
0739367676|5.0|I am 33 and started the Twilight series because of my 13 year old daughter. I immediately was captivated by the entire scenario that Stephenie presented. I have read Breaking Dawn and I could never imagine the story she presented.     I don't have the same view as other opinions I have read. I liked the ending and I liked that everything works out in the end for all involved. I am quite tired of all of the \\"reality\\" that is available in the world nowadays and I find it is refreshing to have a \\"Happily ever after\\" occur especially with the story line as it was. I never considered Bella to be so immature but in fact I have always found her to be too mature for her age that at 18 if her most immature moments are enjoying sex with her husband and wanting to keep a baby that she was resigned to never be able to have, you go girl! I don't see that this is promoting a bad image for young girls anyway (heaven forbid marriage before sex!).    I also never got the impression that Bella was never going to go back to school. Seems to me she has an eternity to further her education so who is going to blame her to wait until her daughter is grown or however she sees fit.     I liked to book and I thought it was a perfect ending to a wonderfully creative an ingenious storyline and I am quite sad to know that this is the end of the series.
B000J10EQU|5.0|To the Superman fans of the world, please believe me when I say that this movie lives up to my expectations.  I'm sick of seeing the words \\"lack-luster\\" when people describe this movie.  It is by far full of luster and imagination.  Dedicated to Christopher and Diane Reeves and also blessed by Richard Donner, this movie brings back Superman to us when we fully need him.  An true hero to me and many others.  I understand why plenty of people like Spiderman or Batman better, because they are able to cross the line now and again and say it was for the right reason.  Superman never crosses that line and will always be the true hero to do the right thing, even if the jaded world doesn't agree.  We can look to him and be inspired to be better human beings.  Brandon Routh is a excellent Superman.  Strong and tough, but also shows his emotional hurt when he finds out that Lois has moved on with her life.  An epic story, much better seen on the big screen, but the DVD will also make you believe once more that a man can fly.  In closing, Superman Returns is one of the best superhero movies ever made, I can't wait until the next one.
031606792X|2.0|Seriously? Seriously now? What is this? I've been an avid fan of these books since the first one, but now I'm not so sure. She really should have stopped at the third book, wrapped up the loose ends and have that be it. I couldn't even finish it. I got to page 460, slammed it shut, said 'I'm done', and called my friend only to find that the ending is as terrible as I assumed. Really, when it got to around page 200, I stopped caring. Right from the beginning I knew something was weird because the characters seemed so out of character. It didn't seem like them at all. I will be blunt and say that she tainted the series with this book.<br /><br />If you're in the process of reading them, stop at the third and just know that everything ends 'happily ever after.'<br /><br />It's not worth the time and 700 pages.
031606792X|5.0|I have been so surprised by the negative response to this book because I was so very impressed with it.  Most negative comments center on how different it is form the other books--did anyone notice that this was a sequel and if the characters need to grow and go in new directions.  Stephenie Meyers pulls together threads from all the other books nicely.      Apparently no one noticed that the possibility of child between vampire and human was set up in Twilight when Bella researched vampires before she even knew they existed.  Also, the description of the pregnancy and birth, I thought were, all things considered, actually tasteful rather than overdone.  And anyone surprised about Bella's reaction to her pregnancy has never had a child.  Mrs. Meyer does a excellent job explaining that Although Bella had fully and happily given up the possibility of children, once Bella had the chance to have \\"this\\" child, her husband's child, she would never let it go even it if did kill her.    Also, I thought it was genius that the story worked without a long drawn-out battle.  How often can someone actually pull off a climax to a fight without coming to blows!?!    Finally, I am so glad that Mrs. Meyer never sold Bella out.  Bella is a \\"good girl\\" from the first page of Twilight\\" to the last page of \\"Breaking Dawn.\\"  Through her infatuation, engagement, marriage, and vampire phases, Bella remains true to herself.    Mrs. Meyer deserves our thanks for a great book.
B0018O4YT0|3.0|I concur with the opinion that, though fun to see, the added footage is underwhelming. The \\"bloat\\" definitely undermines the quirky, incongruous nature of the theatrical release. The DC cut seems cheaper and the characters more predictable. I did enjoy the opening sequence without the narration but beyond that the added 12 minutes made the movie a bit slow. Though I'm pleased I bought this version so I could experience the new footage, my yearly viewing of Dark City will be the original cut.
B000FBFN0Q|2.0|I thought this main character was very unlikeable and had very little redeeming qualities. What kind of journey did she travel? Was there any changes to her character? Of course not, because then Sophie Kinsella wouldn't have been able to do a whole slew of shopaholic books. I would have loved her a little if she had tried to take ownership for anything she did.
031606792X|4.0|I have read the reviews on here and was prepared for an absolutely horrible book.  As it turns out, it wasn't nearly as bad as most reviews.  Yes, there were a few things that bothered me (the creepy excellerated aging of their creepy baby being one), but overall, I found the book to wrap up the story effectively and I was pleased.
0452289963|1.0|I got thru to about the 30th page before I had to throw my hands up and say \\"that's enough\\" - what does this guy think of himself anyway? He makes it sound like the whole world is on the brink of a paradign shift (he keeps repeating himself saying a large segment of the mass is ready to be awakened 'now') and in some way he gives the impression that it's his doing! The chantings about being egoless has a quirky ring to it, especially coming from a guy like Tolle. If you don't agree to his way (THE right way according to him) then he has faulted you already saying 'you' are not ready for his preachings, huh! Also, don't use your mind or your thinking - he suggests! Is this not almost exactly the same thing taught in extremist madrassas and other religious forums? They tell you they are right, and advises not to question because they are right, and asks you not to use your mind, thought or intelligence - and some dumb people follow them too! Well, some dumb person (who proclaimed he/she arrives at places without knowing why he came there, why his mind 'directed' him there), who, obviously needs to see a shrink/doctor wrote that this book has spoken to him - maybe it's for these kind of people!    Tolle should recognize that there are 'normal' people, using their mind and thoughts intelligently, are living their life happily without restraining from calling a shovel a shovel (or a flower a flower for that matter), who are beyond the spectrum of awakening conceivable by him, since he seems barely to have come out of his depression and suicidal thoughts. Maybe it's he, who should awaken and try to be 'normal'. I wish him well as far as his mental well-being is concerned.    All in all, it sounded like ramblings from a person deeply disturbed, a person who constantly hears voices in his head.    btw doesn't it sometimes feel irritating that amazon.com doesn't let you rate any book below one star?
1594489505|5.0|By far, this has been one of the best books I have ever read!  It is so well written that I was able to picture every single scene.  It was really hard for me to put the book down because every chapter ended in suspense.  I just wanted to keep reading to find out what was going to happen next.  This book was definately an eye-opener and it reminded me of the sad truth about Afghanistan's reality.  Even though this story is fiction it reflects reality.      I must admit that there were times that I had nightmares because of the book but I still highly recommend it!    Khaled Hosseni is great writer!!  I can't wait to read the Kite Runner.
B00197U0DU|5.0|The birth of a legend, Genesis the original lineup without Phil Collins or Steve Hackett, but the essence of Genesis is there in a more acoustic version, but the unmistacable voice of Peter Gabriel is looming over great tracks, this is Genesis just out of college late 60's, a must for fans.
B000OY8NII|4.0|As reflected by author Arthur C. Clarke in the third of Clarke's Three Laws of Prediction, Eureka is a town of \\"magic\\" for the scientifically minded. With the same sociopathic aplomb of Harry Potter, it's a place where things and people explode - in fact, they're encouraged to. Characters frequently refer to the towns founding principle of \\"pushing the boundaries\\" of science, and the by-product of collateral damage that results. This doesn't make the job of its new Sherriff, Jack Carter, any easier. Carter, one of the \\"normals\\" (with a normal IQ), finds the town's blas reactions to the various explosions, disintegrations and mad-science downright unsettling.     Don't look for real science here - it's all Buck Rogers and Star Trek variety. There's alot of talk about tachyons and theoretical equations, but it's all lighthearted so you don't need a PhD to appreciate.     Ferguson, who plays Carter, is a long overlooked actor, and his goofy, uncomfortable demeanor fits well with the character of a \\"normal\\" sheriff out of his depth. While the writing of Season 1 has yet to achieve the cohesion reflected in Series 2, and the story consequently meanders a bit looking for what works with audiences and what doesn't, it's still mostly on the mark, and great fun to watch. Originally having low expectations of the series, I'm now a fan, due in no small part to Ferguson's awkward yet convincing characterization.
031606792X|3.0|***Spoilers***  Okay, I can understand what people are saying about the weird message this book may or may not be sending out, I can see that. I can see that there were a lot of convenient turns of events that lead to the very happy sappy ending. I can see that it is a little creepy that Jake imprinted on his love's daughter.  But...  For those who like the more traditional route to family, at least Bella and Edward were married before they got busy and had a baby, right? You can't give Meyer crap for that. Yes they're young, yes Bella's a bit immature, yes it may cause some teenagers to go, \\"Hey if Bella can do it, I can go have a kid too,\\" but if that's the case, that's the stupid teenager's fault. I'm sorry, but once you're in your teens you know what's right and what's wrong, you can't go off crying that you got pregnant because Stephenie Meyers made it look so nice and easy in her book (which, hello it wasn't easy. Bella was nearly torn to pieces.) So perhaps it's not the best message for young girls, but young girls need to also take responsibility and realize that it's a BOOK, a FANTASY BOOK, not REAL LIFE. If they can't differentiate, they've got bigger problems.   Moving on...  And, really, I was relieved for the convenient turns in the book because they in essence made Bella and Edward less angsty. I can appreciate angst, but sometimes their maudlin moaning and self-flagellation every time they caused the other the slightest bit of pain could get old. I was glad they caught a few breaks here and there. Hell, Bella had to have her spine broken and her body practically obliterated while she was pregnant AND THEN endure the painful vampire transformation, after that I think she deserved some happy conveniences, no?  And I love how people are making Jake out to be some sick monkey for imprinting on Renesmee (weird name, don't see the appeal other than the combination of their mothers' names.) As Meyer has stated NUMEROUS times in this series, HE CAN'T CONTROLWHO HE IMPRINTS ON. HE CAN'T CONTROL HOW QUICKLY OR HOW POWERFULLY HIS EMOTIONS AND TIES CAN CHANGE. Maybe this was a little convenient in getting rid of the Edward/Bella/Jake triangle but, again, hadn't poor Jake suffered enough? I was getting a little tired of aching for poor heart-broken Jake, the quick-coming relief of the imprinting actually wasn't that quick if you think about it. It took nearly all four books for it to come. Cut the guy some slack, he didn't mean to do it, he had no control. At least, as he and Bella noted, they could have the normal friendship they had been hoping for.   Maybe I'm just too easy to please or maybe I'm a sucker for happy endings, but I didn't get as worked up as others have over this book. It definitely didn't have the same effect on me as the others, but I was relieved that I didn't feel as intensely for it as I did the first three. I feel like I can move on without having such a horribly agitated mourning period. It ended well, it ended how I wanted it to (albeit even more ideally than I imagined) and though I think Bella and Edward lost some of their dynamic when she became a vampire (the whole forbidden love, her being so fragile, he being almost super-heroish was a lot of the appeal of their relationship) there was no way for them to be together unless she became his equal. And since I wanted them to end up together, I accepted that some of their magic had to die a little.  But at least the sex was good, right? :)  So I will say I enjoyed it even though it was a little weird at times, and I felt a lot of closure, but it definitely wasn't my favorite of the series.   Give it a shot, but do so with an open mind.
B000P0J09M|2.0|This particular item is, unfortunately, one of those early DVDs that you have to flip over halfway through the movie, which is the pits. I thought I did my research thoroughly enough to avoid that, because I was certainly aware that this annoying product was out there, and I really wanted to avoid it.    But no such luck. My advice--look very carefully before you buy to make sure you get a good quality MODERN DVD. It turned viewing one of my favorite movies into an irritating exercise.
0452289963|5.0|The book starts off slowly and drags on a little -- but don't let this fool you..  I think its just Ekhart Tolle's style..  Chapter Two is where discussion on Ego begins!  Eckhart shows us how to practice simply watching and becoming aware of our own thoughts as they surface when we are provoked, flattered, praised, accused, condemned, wronged, etc..  He shows how we have an engrained tendency to react from our Ego - much of the time we don't know that we are operating from a strong Ego base and can even swear on our lives that we did not act under the spell of our Ego!  The book is that \\"surgical\\" instrument that cuts through layers of madness, and reveals to the reader in crystal clear plain view, his/her Ego!  Amazing indeed how Eckhart has so ingeniously articulated the root cause of how much of our problems lie hidden deep within our core..
031606792X|2.0|First off, like many of Meyer's fans, I am an adult woman, not a teenage girl, so probably my expectations are a bit higher than if I were 10 or 15 years younger. That being said, I thought the first book (Twilight) was fantastic. All that forbidden love, \\"I want to kiss you, no, eat you, no, kiss you\\" stuff was unbelievably fun. I loved the idea that vampires were the perfect predators on humans, from the sparkly skin to the sweet smell, and thought \\"vegetarian vampires\\" warring with their own natures was a great premise. The werewolf stuff in book two was a nice addition to the series, and I liked the love triangle with Jacob.     As the series has gone on, however, I have gotten more and more tired of it. The characters are so flat and empty, and Meyer does not force them to grow or add any new dimensions to them - ok, we get it, Bella is clumsy. Alice really, really likes clothes. Edward looks like a male model and has a crooked smile. How about some other character traits?? And there is a very conservative worldview running through all of these books that has gotten more and more predominant. The fact that in this book Bella gets married at 18 and has a baby right away, and is given houses, luxury cars, sumptuous clothes, etc. by her husband rather than going to college or having to work for herself is pretty ridiculous. Maybe that's a Mormon housewife's fantasy life but it sure ain't mine.    The whole story of book four is just stupid and weird. And really, really boring. Descriptions of clothes, cars, island getaways, the passion Bella feels for Edward, yawn. Many aspects of that have already been discussed by other reviewers, so I'll only share my favorite stupid thing that Meyer decides to introduce to the story: apparently, vampires have 25 pairs of chromosomes! And werewolves have 24! And half-human, half-vampire hybrids also have 24! So hybrids and werewolves are both very warm, OF COURSE. (I wonder if Meyer is aware that potatoes also have 24 pairs ofchromosomes?) That whole explanation made me giggle. What the eff??     The book only picks up in the last two hundred pages or so, when the conflict with the Italian vampire mafia is introduced. But even that is smoothed over way too quickly and of course, everything ends with rainbows and sunshine in vampire land. If I could give advice to new fans of this series, it would be to quit reading at book two and imagine your own ending to the series. It's got to be better than what Meyer came up with.
031606792X|1.0|It's not because of the happy ending.  The plot/story is just plain awful.  Character development is so different from the first 3 books.  You know the feeling you get when you unexpectedly realize that you're watching a horrible B movie?  These are the reactions that come to mind: WTF?!  What IS this?  Oh man, I'm wasting my time here!  I hope it's over soon.    I feel really, really bad because I love the series (books 1-3).  I actually wish that they recall this and release another version.  Sigh.
B0016HNOXQ|1.0|I waited 10 years for this??? seriously...\\"The Rip\\" (ironic song title) is as good as it gets??? I never would have thought that Thom Yorke would make Beth Gibbons irrelevant...it looks like i am keeping my Radiohead and  losing my Portishead...or at least this release...see you in another 10 years...
031606792X|1.0|So, after much anticipation and gnawing of teeth about waiting for my pre-ordered Amazon copy to come in the mail, I finally finished Breaking Dawn. Like millions of others out there, I was/am completely obsessed with the Twilight series. I've read the first three books numerous times, and although I have problems with the dependence Bella seems to have on Edward and Jacob, I got past it. I still remember the power of first loves, and the loves that take hold after a broken heart. I am not so far past my high school years to not understand that pull.<br /><br />SPOILERS AHEAD:<br /><br />However...however, Breaking Dawn goes beyond what is necessary in terms of the ideals Ms. Meyer puts on relationships and individualism. Bella, although the \\"girl next door,\\" clumsy, not the most popular, not able to fit in (please--who does in high school?). Not only does Bella not find herself, but even after being married to Edward, having sex with Edward, and having a baby (what? Who the hell saw that coming?), she's still not satisfied. She continues to need Jacob, someone who lied to her, forced himself on her, and who continues to give her ultimatum after ultimatum.<br /><br />Sure, I figured Bella would become a vampire, but I was really hoping Stephenie Meyer was going to be able to find a way to keep Bella human. I mean, everyone has character flaws--it's what makes us loveable, and it's what keeps life interesting. Perfect people can only be interesting for so long, and Edward had struggled for three books to keep her human. Why does she feel the need to cave in now?<br /><br />As a writer, I have been told time and time again not to take the \\"easy\\" way out. Unfortunately, I feel (and from the fandom, it seems a lot of other people do, too) that Mrs. Meyer did just that. She had so many people (fans, publishers, editors, promotional gurus) to please that she forgot her cardinal rule of writing for herself. If she could have pulled back and looked at the story without the buzz of the publishing world in her ears, maybe she would have heard the ring of falseness coming from her anuscript.<br /><br />Where's the struggle? Where's the point where someone has to sacrifice something in order to get what they want? Bella's wishes are served up on a silver platter--Edward, sex, baby (still can't get over that), Jacob, Cullens, not having to deal with the Italian vamps again. There is absolutely no struggle at all. She even gets to keep Charlie, one of the determining factors that held her human for so long.<br /><br />I cannot get over the feeling of letdown I have from reading this book. I was hoping for some struggle, some major life change, but everyone seemed to get what they want without much struggle. There wasn't even any death at all. I thought certainly as I read about the Volturi that someone I had grown to care about in Twilight, New Moon, and Eclipse was going to have to suffer. Like Bella constantly thinks, no one can be that happy. There has to be some balance to her life, and the way Mrs. Meyer serves it up, there is no balance. There is no struggle, no disappointment. I think Mrs. Meyer would have done better to leave it at the trilogy it shone best as.  She will still have her legions of fans, me included.  All is well in the land of Forks. Unfortunately, it doesn't sit well with me as a reader or a writer.<br /><br />While I found major issue with Mrs. Meyer's new book, I could not help but be fascinated, once again, by her writing style and voice. She has such unique voices for each of her characters.<br /><br />I am one of those people who do not read chapter titles in the table of contents. I like to be surprised as I go through a book, like opening Christmas presents. I don't want hints. I want to be surprised and WHAMed in the face when I'm opening them. The same rule applies to books.<br /><br />When I got to book two and was in Jacobs head, I was in heaven. He's so feisty, so intense, so raw. My heart broke for him,I wanted him to imprint on someone, or fall in love with someone, or at least shag the devil out of Leah. Meyer's treatment of Jacob in BD was fantastic. I loved his voice, his chapter titles had me laughing out loud at each turn.<br /><br />Bravo, Mrs. Meyer, on your Jacob treatment. I just had another plot in mind for book four...then again, that's why they pay you the big bucks and I'm stuck writing reviews!  If Amazon would let me change my stars, I'd give it a 3...:)at least shag the devil out of Leah. Meyer's treatment of Jacob in BD was fantastic. I loved his voice, his chapter titles had me laughing out loud at each turn.    Bravo, Mrs. Meyer, on your Jacob treatment. I just had another plot in mind for book four...then again, that's why they pay you the big bucks and I'm stuck writing reviews!  If Amazon would let me change my stars, I'd give it a 3...:)
031606792X|1.0|Ok first let me say that I am 22 just to get that out of the way. Well I started reading the twilight series because as a hugeee fan of harry potter, a lot of the fandom was directing towards twilight so I decided to begin a new series. I am also a huge fan of vampires, so I didnt think the series could be a let down for me. So when I read Twilight for the first time I was slightly intrigued, I didnt love the book but didnt hate it so I moved on to New Moon and for some reason I loved New Moon, then continued to Eclipse, but wasnt too thrilled with it. Then that was that like everyone else I was excited for the 4th installment (I was probably more excited about waiting for the book to come out than the actual book itself). Well to make a long story short, I reread the series right before Breaking Dawn was released and realized that i absolutely hated it! I regretted ever reading it because I had probably been so hyped about reading the series that I didnt realize how amazingly childish and nonsensical the whole plot line was, but now it was pointless to not read the last installment.    So now that I've read Breaking Dawn, all I can say is I WANT MY MONEY BACK!! what was this author thinking!! the point when Bella becomes pregnant i just literally laughed and threw my book and realized the whole thing was a joke! how more ridiculous can she get, and then on top of that the way stephanie ruined Jacob's character, I cant believe it!! He was my favorite character and it went from being a strong one to just being like a sidekick for comic relief. I totally agree with what everyone is saying about the book sending out the wrong message to young girls, which is that the perfect life includes meeting an obsessive boyfriend marrying him and then having his baby, and forgetting about your family and your future just to be with this one guy! HELLO HOW RIDICULOUS CAN THAT GET! anywho I plan on returning the book as soon as I can and for gods sake    PLEASE STOP COMPARING THISTO HARRY POTTER!!! it doesnt even reach up to the standards and when I have kids ina  far future this is one book I will not allow them to read because of its absurd message and overall bad writing!
B00009Z576|5.0|From the rubble left with the departure of Jon Anderson and Rick Wakeman came this vastly underrated, energetic album that was released in August 1980.<br /><br />The drama endured by the band before enlisting Trevor Horn and Geoff Downes (The Buggles, who scored an international hit with the single, Video Killed the Radio Star) was tremendous and to the point where band members would have individual limo rides to take them to and from concert appearances, with most substantial conversations relegated to stage banter.<br /><br />But the punch added by the new duo - especially heard on Machine Messiah, Into the Lens and Run Through the Light - powers the band artistically, with Tempus Fugit simply an incredible piece of music.<br /><br />The bonus tracks provide a fuller picture of the avenues the band was exploring and the potential if given a chance to blossom through additional releases. Though the album reached #2 on the U.K. charts, it stalled at #18 in the United States, with \\"in-the-round\\" North American tour dates performed mostly before half-filled arenas, or worse. It became a one-off project when Horn left the group.<br /><br />The album remains a quiet classic from a time period when many fans quickly dismissed the personnel change. That should not be the case today.
B000I0QL82|5.0|This is one of the great films, with Bing Crosby and Fred Astaire doing some of their most memorable work to some of the better music of Irving Berlin, including the debut of his all-time most popular \\"White Christmas.\\"  The plot is clever, if somewhat silly, the writing sharp, with lots of laughs, romance, ups and downs, and a happy ending for all.  If you don't already have the movie, the new Collector's Set will certainly be the nicest package.  But this 2006 Special Edition may have all you really need.  The new Collector's Set will have a few new features not in the Special Edition:<br /><br />-- a colorized version of the movie - don't worry, the original black-and-white version is included too<br />-- a featurette on colorizing the movie<br />-- a soundtrack CD (which is the third disc of the set)<br /><br />The soundtrack CD would be a very nice bonus, I think.  The new Collector's Set will also include all the special features from this Special Edition:<br /><br />-- audio commentary by film historian Ken Barnes with archival audio segments from Crosby, Astaire and Crosby's longtime music director John Scott Trotter<br />-- \\"A Couple of Song & Dance Men,\\" a biographical documentary about Crosby and Astaire with Barnes and Astaire's daughter Ava Astaire McKenzie (44:30)<br />-- \\"All Singing, All Dancing,\\" a featurette on making musicals, again with Barnes (7:15)<br />-- the original theatrical trailer<br /><br />Like this DVD, the new set will preserve the original 1.33:1 full screen format in both the black-and-white and colorized versions.  The studio announcement for the new set doesn't say whether the video or sound will be remastered.  The image and sound quality of the Special Edition is good but not exceptional, with room for improvement; the new one should be at least that good.<br /><br />This 1942 film centers on Jim (Crosby), a singer and part of a successful three-person New York nightclub act with dancer Ted (Astaire) and singer and dancer Lila (Virginia Dale).  Their act portrays a rivalry between the two men over Lila's affections, spelled out in terms of a contest between singing and dancing.  Life imitates art, as Jim decides to leave the harried show business life and buy a farm in Connecticut, thinking he'll take Lila as his bride and they'll happily live the simple life together.  But Ted has other ideas, and Lila chooses to stay with Ted in show biz, so Jim starts his new life on the farm alone.  Soon learning that the simple farming life isn't as carefree as he had imagined, Jim hatches the idea of turning the farm into Holiday Inn, a lodge with nightclub entertainment open only for public holidays.  Naturally, events bring Ted, just dumped by Lila, out to the farm, where a new rivalry develops over Jim's new love interest (Marjorie Reynolds).  Much scheming, misunderstanding, singing and dancing and romancing ensue.<br /><br />Both Crosby and Astaire were at their cinematic peaks in 1942.  The way they interact is great fun and worth seeing the film for by itself.  The songs included many new Irving Berlin numbers, with highlights \\"Lazy,\\" \\"Be Careful, It's My Heart,\\" \\"White Christmas,\\" of course, and the reused \\"Easter Parade\\" all sung by Crosby.  Astaire was actually a fine singer himself, and did \\"You're Easy to Dance With\\" full justice.  As good as Crosby and the music is, what really steals the show for me is some of Astaire's all-time best dancing, especially a hilarious drunken reprise of \\"You're Easy to Dance With\\" with Reynolds, and the immortal \\"Let's Say It with Firecrackers\\" routine, a solo he's portrayed as improvising with pockets full of firecrackers as his props.<br /><br />There might be a bit of controversy over a number done in blackface, which was still popular at the time, and which is accompanied by the wonderful black character actress Louise Beavers, as Crosby's maid/cook, portraying some stereotypes not so well appreciated today.  There is also a reminder of the time in the form of a patriotic montage supporting the war effort, which was just beginning.<br /><br />If you like old movies at all, are looking for a classic holiday movie (this one ends up at Christmas), or are a fan of Crosby or Astaire, this is a must, whatever edition you prefer.  The Amazon page for the new set is [[ASIN:B001DXS4E2 here]].nning.    If you like old movies at all, are looking for a classic holiday movie (this one ends up at Christmas), or are a fan of Crosby or Astaire, this is a must, whatever edition you prefer.  The Amazon page for the new set is [[ASIN:B001DXS4E2 here]].
031606792X|5.0|Major Spoilers<br /><br /> I read BD slowly on purpose so that I could digest each reaction, and I think despite the harsh criticism I've heard and read, not to mention my own misgivings that Breaking Dawn edges out New Moon as my favorite of the series. Let me say that I am not a die hard Twilight Saga fan, that is not to say that I don't like the books but my relationship with them has been very hot and cold. That is why I was so suprised at having enjoyed Breaking Dawn as much as I did, mainly because the reaction I anticipated was luke warm at best. But, I admitt to being pulled in after the first few pages. I thought the wedding sounded wounderful, though I could hear the hopes of those still holding out for Jacob and Bella come crashing down. I was really pleased with how the plot was going, then...Bella got pregnent, which is actually quite funny because that was one of the most persistent and(I thought) far feched rumors to circulate prior to the books publication. All I could think was REALLY...I mean REALLY, your serious...REALLY. That went on for a while and I kept getting Angel flashbacks, I almost decided to quit reading. Then I figured I might as well continue on, if for no other reason then to see just how bad it was going to get. By the time I got to the Jacob section(which I thought was great) I was glad I'd kept reading. I've had to struggle to find things to like about Bella as a character throughout the series up to this point, and I worried that her transformation would lead me to dislike her more. I think that the opposite turned out to be true though. There was GREAT! deal less self flagellation, over dramatics, and dare I say it whining, then in the previous three books. And though I can't say she'll ever be on my list of great literary heroines, I will say that I ended the book liking her well enough and even respecting her a little. As far as Edward goes BD helped in my overall opinion of him too. I have always felt him to be a little one dymentional and well somwhat boring, but his emotions really come through here which made him a lot more accessible. others have commented that they found Jacobs inprinting on Renesmee(Groan) creepy and a cop-out on SM's part, I agree a little. when the baby was born and it turned out to be a girl instead of the expected boy, I knew where we were headed. It does work in a weird way, think later in the book, cause if Jake had stayed a heart broken mess, there wouldn't have been much point in his continuing in the story Plus there had to be a really good reason for him to stay close to Bella cause of the part he and the wolves play in the Volturi confrontation, which I liked beause it was more a battle of wits then a bloody slaughter. Plus the whole Jake/Nessie thing is a pretty wide opening for future books, I love Jake's character so that works for me. I agree that in the end it was all a little to neat and tidy, and the fact that everyone got positively everything they wanted and then some was hard to swallow. but to be fair I'm slightly cynical, but obviously Stephenie Meyer isn't, she wanted a true happily ever after, so that's what she wrote and more power to her. It's interesting to note that in an interview she gave recently on a podcast that I heard, when asked what the overall message of the twilight Saga was in regards to a deeper meaning or take away lesson, Meyer said that she never intended there to be one. the only goal she had in writing the books was for readers to enjoy the ride. I have to admitt, I did.<br />Also By Stephenie Meyer<br />[[ASIN:0316068047 The Host: A Novel]]<br />Stuck for what to read now the Twilight saga is over, Here is some of  what I've been reading  [[ASIN:0061214671 Wicked Lovely]]<br />[[ASIN:006121468X Ink Exchange]]<br />[[ASIN:1416953574 Wake]]<br />[[ASIN:0142410500 Walk of the Spirits]]<br />[[ASIN:0385524943 The Gargoyle]]<br />[[ASIN:0743437691 Old Magic]]<br />[[ASIN:006114097X The Vampire Diaries: The Awakening and The Struggle (Vampire Diaries)]]<br />[[ASIN:0061140988 The Vampire Diaries: The Fury and Dark Reunion (The Vampire Diaries)]]<br />[[ASIN:0061662690 The Summoning (Darkest Powers, Book 1)]]<br />Companions of the Night<br />Short but good! The Ghost Mirror<br />The Mirror<br />Mortal Touch: Vampires of New England Series (Vampires of New England)<br />Uninvited<br />Marked (House of Night, Book 1)<br />Betrayed (House of Night, Book 2)<br />Chosen (House of Night, Book 3)<br /><br />And currently my favorite YA fantasy series which is complete A Great and Terrible Beauty (The Gemma Doyle Trilogy)<br />Rebel Angels (The Gemma Doyle Trilogy)<br />The Sweet Far Thing (The Gemma Doyle Trilogy)61140988 The Vampire Diaries: The Fury and Dark Reunion (The Vampire Diaries)]]  [[ASIN:0061662690 The Summoning (Darkest Powers, Book 1)]]  Companions of the Night  Short but good! The Ghost Mirror  The Mirror  Mortal Touch: Vampires of New England Series (Vampires of New England)  Uninvited  Marked (House of Night, Book 1)  Betrayed (House of Night, Book 2)  Chosen (House of Night, Book 3)    And currently my favorite YA fantasy series which is complete A Great and Terrible Beauty (The Gemma Doyle Trilogy)  Rebel Angels (The Gemma Doyle Trilogy)  The Sweet Far Thing (The Gemma Doyle Trilogy)
B001DXS4E2|5.0|This is one of the great films, with Bing Crosby and Fred Astaire doing some of their most memorable work to some of the better music of Irving Berlin, including the debut of his all-time most popular \\"White Christmas.\\"  The plot is clever, if somewhat silly, the writing sharp, with lots of laughs, romance, ups and downs, and a happy ending for all.  If you don't already have the movie, this is certainly the nicest set.  But if you have the 2006 Special Edition, you may not need to upgrade.  The new Collector's Set will have a few new features not in the Special Edition:<br /><br />-- a colorized version of the movie - don't worry, the original black-and-white version is included too<br />-- a featurette on colorizing the movie<br />-- a soundtrack CD (which is the third disc of the set)<br /><br />The soundtrack CD would be a very nice bonus, I think.  The new Collector's Set also includes the special features from the Special Edition:<br /><br />-- audio commentary by film historian Ken Barnes with archival audio segments from Crosby, Astaire and Crosby's longtime music director John Scott Trotter<br />-- \\"A Couple of Song & Dance Men,\\" a biographical documentary about Crosby and Astaire with Barnes and Astaire's daughter Ava Astaire McKenzie (44:30)<br />-- \\"All Singing, All Dancing,\\" a featurette on making musicals, again with Barnes (7:15)<br />-- the original theatrical trailer<br /><br />The film is preserved in its original 1.33:1 full screen format in both the black-and-white and colorized versions.  The studio announcement doesn't say whether the video or sound will be remastered.  The image and sound quality of the 2006 Special Edition is good but not exceptional; the new one should be at least that good.<br /><br />This 1942 film centers on Jim (Crosby), a singer and part of a successful three-person New York nightclub act with dancer Ted (Astaire) and singer and dancer Lila (Virginia Dale).  Their act portrays a rivalry between the two men over Lila's affections, spelled out in terms of a contest between singing and dancing.  Life imitates art, as Jim decides to leave the harried show business life and buy a farm in Connecticut, thinking he'll take Lila as his bride and they'll happily live the simple life together.  But Ted has other ideas, and Lila chooses to stay with Ted in show biz, so Jim starts his new life on the farm alone.  Soon learning that the simple farming life isn't as carefree as he had imagined, Jim hatches the idea of turning the farm into Holiday Inn, a lodge with nightclub entertainment open only for public holidays.  Naturally, events bring Ted, just dumped by Lila, out to the farm, where a new rivalry develops over Jim's new love interest (Marjorie Reynolds).  Much scheming, misunderstanding, singing and dancing and romancing ensue.<br /><br />Both Crosby and Astaire were at their cinematic peaks in 1942.  The way they interact is great fun and worth seeing the film for by itself.  The songs included many new Irving Berlin numbers, with highlights \\"Lazy,\\" \\"Be Careful, It's My Heart,\\" \\"White Christmas,\\" of course, and the reused \\"Easter Parade\\" all sung by Crosby.  Astaire was actually a fine singer himself, and did \\"You're Easy to Dance With\\" full justice.  As good as Crosby and the music is, what really steals the show for me is some of Astaire's all-time best dancing, especially a hilarious drunken reprise of \\"You're Easy to Dance With\\" with Reynolds, and the immortal \\"Let's Say It with Firecrackers\\" routine, a solo he's portrayed as improvising with pockets full of firecrackers as his props.<br /><br />There might be a bit of controversy over a number done in blackface, which was still popular at the time, and which is accompanied by the wonderful black character actress Louise Beavers, as Crosby's maid/cook, portraying some stereotypes not so well appreciated today.  There is also a reminder of the time in the form of a patriotic montage supporting the war effort, which was just beginning.<br /><br />If you like old movies at all, are looking for a classic holiday movie (this one ends up at Christmas), or are a fan of Crosby or Astaire, this is a must.(this one ends up at Christmas), or are a fan of Crosby or Astaire, this is a must.
B000IMV4IW|3.0|This is a good album with many good songs; however, if you really liked the album with Wonderwall, you should just by that album.
031606792X|5.0|I have to say that there were a few things in this novel that surprised me, but I believe that Stephenie should be praised for all of the writing that she has done in the past fews years.  She has an amazing talent and tired to complete this series in a way that would make many people happy. It was a good final story, though I enjoyed the others a bit more!
0375424474|5.0|This was a page-turner, only very occasionally clunky in style.  This book made me realize how spotty and out-of-date my training in biology is.  It also left me wanting more, which has got to be a good sign for a science book meant for the general public.  So now I'm on a hunt for more books on paleontology, embryology, evolution, and DNA    When I was quite young, they showed us an animated documentary in school called something like \\"Hemo the Magnificent,\\" about the evolution of multi-celled creatures in seawater and the preservation of many aspects of seawater in the bloodstreams of land animals.  While most of my public elementary school education is a blur, that documentary stuck with me; I still can remember whole sections of it.  This book, aimed at adults instead of children, struck me in the same way.
B0009ZHJ7S|4.0|Upon first assessment, the movie Robots may seem like just another story about living the American Dream, but it's so much more than that. The protagonist comes from a dirt poor family, whose father has to work washing dishes to make ends meet. Living off of hand-me-downs, his father has nothing to give him except for supporting him in his dream to one day become a world famous inventor. Coming from such humble beginnings, Joe Robot (Rodney) then goes to the big city, and after much hard work and old fashioned American ingenuity, reaches the top of the food chain and becomes partners with his childhood idol.<br />  In this everyday story are inserted several interesting conflicts of ideas that are very relevant to our modern world. There is the question of the place of corporations and how they are run. The idea of contentment with ourselves as we are vs. having to purchase a perfect body is toyed with. A rejection of Materialism is a strong theme in the film. Finally, there is the eerie parallel to historical events where the extermination of inferiors was used as an excuse for genocide.<br />  As a child, Rodney was raised watching Bigweld, the head of the company that mass produces all the parts and upgrades which all Robots come from, on TV telling him about the value of the individual. But when Rodney grows up and goes to meet this man, he finds a very different person heading the business now in the form of Ratchet. Ratchet is a very different type of CEO. He is not interested in the little man. His only concern is making profit. The leadership style of these two individuals leading the same company represents our own big corporations who have grown so powerful. Ratchet, blind by greed, loses sight of the fact that it's the little man that allows his business to succeed. The character of Bigweld makes the statement that you can run a business in a moral and honest way, and still make money.<br />  The movie also tries to teach us about inner beauty. I personally felt a pang of disgust when in the film Ratchet unveils his latest batch of upgrades newly available. In a world of mass advertising where you have sex, beautiful models, and teen pop stars like Britney spears in your face all the time, it's easier to become unhappy with the way you look, if you're not as \\"pretty\\". Fad diets and plastic surgeons with their liposuction, boob jobs, and butt implants take advantage of this. In Robots, these upgrades were just that; unnecessary cosmetic tinkering that prey upon the insecurities of people exposed to millions of dollars of advertising, for the purpose of bankrupting one out of their money. Ratchet was the pretty poster boy incarnation of this. The Rusties were the opposite extreme. Ratchet's mom shows what happens when you let the idea of outward beauty consume you. You become a hideous, ugly looking monster. Pappy, who sits on the board of Bigweld industries, sheds her upgrades when she is converted the Rodney's cause, yet loses none of her beauty, which is instead heightened by her acts.<br />  A rejection of Materialism is also a strongly prominent theme. Rodney grows up with his cousins used hand-me-downs. The rusties live off of used parts they find in the dumpsters. Rodney's father relates the story that he wishes he could have lived his dream, (which has astonishingly nothing to do with money considering the state of poverty they live in) but is to have continued to play his instrument and become a musician. When Rodney's father apologizes for not being able to have provided better for his son, Rodney replies that he gave him the best thing in the world, which was believing in him.<br />  The most obvious parallel in the film is Ratchets plan to eliminate the large numbers of undesirables by ending the production of parts with Hitlers' plan to exterminate non Aryans by sending them to death camps. The huge trash collection machines patrolled the streets looking for outmodes to send to the ovens, much like the Gestapo patrolled Europe searching for jews, gypsies, gays, and sympathizers of these groups to send to the camps.<br />  Robots is a kids movie that dealt with a lot of adult themes. It is important to teach kids good moral values with films like these.estapo patrolled Europe searching for jews, gypsies, gays, and sympathizers of these groups to send to the camps.        Robots is a kids movie that dealt with a lot of adult themes. It is important to teach kids good moral values with films like these.
0345501292|4.0|Overall, and interesting account of the creation of the character and the movies in which he stars. Great for Indy fans and those intrigued with the process of filmmaking.
B0017U7PT6|2.0|ok movie but the acting and storyline are lite.  Also the resemblance to the original classic is only coincidental.  NOT worth the blu ray premium of price.
B0017MO10U|5.0|While performing an Extraction Ceremony on what SG-1 hopes is Baal's last clone, something goes terribly wrong. And people start disappearing. When Baal travels back to Earth's past, he ensures that the Stargate program doesn't happen. Samantha Carter, Daniel Jackson, and Cameron Mitchell arrive back on Earth in a different reality and must figure out how to correct the timeline before the Goa'uld invade Earth and destroy all hope.<br /><br />Fans of the record-breaking Stargate SG-1 series are in for a treat. Many characters from the show's past make brief appearances, as well as the late (and sorely missed) Don Davis. But the highlight for me was the featuring of my favorite Stargate bad guy: Baal, played by Cliff Simon. Baal's character has a wonderful blend of sarcasm and condescension, which has led to some wonderful scenes with the SG-1 team. And of course, all of SG-1 is back, including Richard Dean Anderson as Jack O'Neill.<br /><br />Unlike the previous movie, The Ark of Truth, this movie is a stand-alone. And with the incredible special effects, this would have been great to watch on the big screen. From filming in the below-freezing temperatures of the Arctic to back in Vancouver, the scenery and backdrops are exceptional. I also had high expectations regarding the storyline, since it included time travel, one of my favorite subgenres of science fiction. I wasn't disappointed.  Though there were some convenient loopholes, the plot was fun and exciting.<br /><br />Loads of humor, adventure, flashy future technology, and wonderful characters make this direct-to-dvd movie a must-see.
031606792X|1.0|Who the heck wrote this book?  I know it says \\"Stephenie Meyer\\" on the front, but that's a lie right?!  I think it must have been some fourteen year old girl, because it reads like bad fanfiction.  The characters are completely OOC and the whole storyline reads like a soap opera.  What is going on here?  There is almost no resemblence to the Bella and Edward from the first book, nor what made them so special.  And Renesmee!?  Someone please tell me this is not an award winning author's book!  It's a mistake right?  BAD FANFICTION, right?!  If only there were ratings below 1 star....
B00129H7VS|5.0|The current Japanese HD DVD import of Band of Brothers has fantastic video quality so it's likely the Blu-ray issue will be equally good. That HD DVD import sells for about $150 so the BD price also looks very good.    If you read the reviews of the DVD version you'll know this is an outstanding series that justifies the purchase cost as you'll watch it again and again.
B000IU3Y1O|5.0|I have to say that I already own this CD and bought this version strictly so I could get the DVD. It contains 23 videos and a 30 minute documentry with band members and some other people talking about various songs. I don't agree with everything about the CD/DVD set. Some of the videos that appear on the DVD don't appear on the CD, and vice versa. Songs like \\"A Questioin of Lust\\" and \\"Policy of Truth\\" don't appear on either. This is well worth the price for the DVD alone and you get great videos like \\"Enjoy the Silence\\", \\"People Are People\\", \\"Shake the Disease\\", \\"I Feel You\\", and \\"Never Let Me Down Again\\". My only complaints are that it doesn't include the second version of \\"Strangelove\\" called \\"Strangelove '88\\" and their material after \\"Songs of Faith and Devotion\\" sounds a little too poppy for me. If you want a more thorough best of package you should buy The Singles 81-85 and The Singles 86-98.     This is what you get:    CD    1. Personal Jesus     2. Just Can't Get Enough    3. Everything Counts    4. Enjoy the Silence    5. Shake the Disease     6. See You  7. It's No Good  8. Strangelove  9. Suffer Well  10. Dream On  11. People Are People  12. Martyr  13. Walking In My Shoes  14. I Feel You  15. Precious  16. Master and Servant  17. New Life  18. Never Let Me Down Again    DVD    1. Just Can't Get Enough  2. Everything Counts  3. People Are People  4. Master and Servant  5. Shake the Disease  6. Stripped  7. A Question of Time  8. Strangelove  9. Never Let Me Down Again  10. Behind the Wheel  11. Personal Jesus  12. Enjoy the Silence  13. I Feel You  14. Walking In My Shoes  15. In Your Room  16. Barrel of a Gun  17. It's No Good  18. Only When I Lose Myself  19. Dream On  20. I Feel Loved  21. Enjoy the Silence '04  22. Precious  23. Suffer Well
1843106698|5.0|This is full of helpful information about AS, compassionate and wise interpretation of their a-typical-ness and good training ideas for their teachers and parents. Reading it will answer many questions for family members who may have long pondered why their loved one acts the way s/he does and bring new understanding, compassion -- and a large measure of relief due to mysteries solved.
B0018PH3L0|3.0|I rarely buy re-releases of a movie on DVD, but made an exception with \\"Lonesome Dove.\\" My single favorite film (or series, if you prefer) of all time, I couldn't pass on the opportunity to upgrade from the previous 2002 DVD release, which I believe was literally copied from old VHS tapes.  The picture on this release is sharp and completely amazing, and I could go on for a full page just on the fantastic quality of the surround sound mix.  I can't say enough wonderful things about them.  The extras are also miles above those for the previous release -- save the omission of the emotional and moving interview with executive producer Suzanne de Passe, that really should have been included.  (I have yet to watch all the documentaries, however, so perhaps they included it in one of the longer features.)    But there's a serious flaw with this release, which others have already pointed out: It's not presented in the original aspect ratio.  I tend to get cranky when widescreen movies are taken and the sides are chopped off them to present a 4:3 pan-and-scan presentation.  But I've come to accept it.  I get downright irritated, however, when, in order to appease the current fascination with anamorphic widescreen, DVD producers take a fullscreen product and chop off the top and bottom to try to make it look like it was filmed in a ratio it clearly wasn't.  As I said earlier, I have both DVD releases of the production, so I was able to compare them side by side, and I don't care what Simon Wincer says in the interviews -- this is not a widescreen print.  Part of the picture was sacrificed to make the product fit this aspect ratio, and it's a crime.    In summary, I give this production mad props for the brilliant digital restoration, amazing sound quality, and extras.  The miniseries deserved it.  But this production loses at least two stars for butchering the original aspect ratio.  I hope that the producers digitally restored the entire feature before turning it into widescreen and that they'll eventually do yet another re-release, giving us the print the way it was always intended to be watched: in 4:3 format, suitable for standard TV viewing.    I am not a widescreen fanatic.  I just want to see things presented in the original aspect ratio.  Why is that asking too much?
031606792X|5.0|I am not going to lie, I HATED this book the first time I read it.  It was such a blindsided slap upside the head and something that I was so totally and utterly not expecting that it left me feeling unfulfilled and let down.  I mean Stephenie is my favorite author of all time (something hard to be considering the book slut I am) and she totally bailed on me.    Well, that's what I thought for the 24 hours after I read it.  Then I picked it up again, willing to give her another shot and the benefit of the doubt and you know what?  I LOVED IT!!!    What changed was that I had time to think about it and let it roll around in my head.  So many things came together.  True it seemed like a much changed Bella and Edward, but how many of us changed after we married?  I did!  I feel so much more comfortable with my hubby than I did dating him.  And the sex thing.  Understand it from the perspective of a person who waited until marriage to do it -- you become a nympho on your honeymoon.  Sorry, it's the truth (and who wouldn't make a deal with their new hubby for a little more one on one -- especially if he were Edward?).  Besides, why else go on a honeymoon?  You're not there to talk politics!  Baby names?  Who hasn't named one of their kids something that at least one person in the family hated?  I thought it was sweet and showed just how much Bella thought of her mothers.  And if I have to read another review with someone going on about how shocking it was to have Jacob imprint on the baby, I'm going to scream!!!  Come on, people, read and pay attention!!!  It is not a sexual thing.  Jacob is NOT panting after an infant (just like Quil wasn't after Claire).  He is whatever she needs him to be when she needs it, ie; an uncle or brother or protector this early in her life.  IT IS NOT SEXUAL!!!  But what a love story that will be when she is old enough.  I hope we get it!  I think it's nice to have a reason that Bella's and Jacob's relationship was so crazy from the beginning -- it needed to be for the next generation!  Kudos to you, Steph!    Anyway, I think with a little thought and a revamping, most of the people who didn't like it the first time through will like it.  It's Steph's world and what she says is (the perks of creating)!  Enjoy the ride!  And remember \\"loose fitting khakis\\"!  :o)
0439023483|5.0|I stayed up till 6am because this is one of those stories that seems alive. I didn't dare put it down for fear the story might go on without me. Days later I can not stop thinking about Katniss and Peeta. This book leaves you with a pit in your gut. The characters are so relatable and the setting so horrendous it is easy to wish yourself into this novel in order to make your own allies and...targets. Five stars Suzanne Collins, I'll be waiting for the next book (while my fingernails grow back!)
1400049628|5.0|I'll admit I'm a sucker for zombies, as a topic they're just great on so many levels.  Some people like to use them as a metaphor for real stereotypes or as a veiled way of talking about disasters and the human panic/herd mentality.<br /><br />This book is written in a great style - deadpan serious.  You'll be surprised how you'll catch yourself taking it seriously every now and then.  Survival Horror, as a genre, is popular because it involves the audience in a \\"what would you do\\" way.  People can't help but speculate on what-if and \\"I would have\\"  scenarios and the absurd topic is no barrier.<br /><br />There are great illustrations and a wide range of topics covered which really makes it hard to put down.  The looks you'll get from reading it in a public place are priceless and you will undoubtedly get at least one person approach you wanting to know what your reading.<br /><br />I rarely suggest getting a book for someone as a gift, because it is really hard to tell what people like to read but this one is a winner on so many levels.  Some people will look at it as a gag gift which is fine, they'll probably crack it open and get sucked in, heh.  It helps to adopt the deadpan serious attitude towards the book when describing it to others or when giving it as a gift.  Even people who say they'd never open such a book are going to probably look at it like a shiny, red button that is begging to be pushed.<br /><br />I'm glad to see Max has further works in the genre, he has a great style and sense of humor that obviously runs in the family.
B000FDEU12|5.0|I have had this CD for a couple of years now, and it is still as fresh as ever. I listen to it frequently, and it has opened up a new appreciation of jazz for me. I have given copies of it to people I love, which is not something I usually do. This CD, contrary to Mr Crabb's view, is richly developed. Each song takes you on a full and satisfying journey, some working you up almost to a frenzy with fascinatingly complex interplays between the instruments. There are some very complex rhythms, and phenomenal solos on piano and bass. This music, as others have said, has that indescribable stuff of greatness and is one of my permanent favorites, like certain classical CDs that I never tire of. I would give it a ten if I could.
B00000IREA|1.0|Totally awful movie.  I can understand why Jane Fonda was so embarassed for years.
B0000009S3|4.0|The Best! Sugar Cane Harris played violin, not Ponty. Jean Luc Ponty first appeared on Overnight Sensation.
B0000062GK|5.0|Joe Satriani comes through once again.  My husband and I never get tired of listening to his music
1563898586|5.0|I very rarely give the first volume of anything a perfect rating, but to give the works of Alan Moore anything less seems more likely of readers who are simply turned off by his dark, grisly style.  And my \\"creased and dog-eared copy\\" of \\"The League of Extraordinary Gentlemen\\" (illustrated by Kevin O'Neill) tells such a tale, which isn't any less fascinating.  Five of the most legendary figures in Victorian literature are assembled to save 1890's England from both external and internal threats.  Suffice to say that Moore favors less than reputable characters in his work.  From the drug-addicted Allan Quatermain to the anti-social Invisible Man to Dr. Jekyll's murderous alter ego Mr. Hyde, don't expect to find a favorite among these not-so-fab five.  What you should expect, however, is an intriguing action story that will put you on an emotional rollercoaster.  Moore also throws in the written six-chapter prologue \\"Allan and the Sundered Veil\\" while O'Neil adds a gallery of covers from the original graphic novels among other features.    This comic is unrated: Graphic Violence, Nudity, Adult Language, Adult Situations.
031606792X|3.0|So the Twilight saga ends, like all endings I was sad to say goodbye to some of the characters especially some of the new characters that were introduced in the third \\"book\\" and thank god they appeared, the book would have been a total disappointment other wise.<br /><br />The book was so predictable; I knew the nanosecond that Bella had her daughter that Jacob was going to imprint. It felt like the author was just trying to please everyone no shocks, no deaths that mattered, no hard decisions.<br />Renessme, the name of her Bella's daughter, is terrible, could she not come up with something better?<br /><br />It was such a non-event when the Voultri showing up, I was waiting for all hell to break loose and it didn't, I share Emmett's disappointment. Very anti climatic. The time spent having everyone teach Bella to fight, learning about the different gifts and how they all worked and matched up, it could have been a great fight.<br />It was painfully obvious that Alice and Jasper would never leave the family, give me a break, was there honestly anyone who read this book who thought that she was gone for good. Edward was almost unbearable until you got to read the book from Jacob's perspective, I get that he was only worried about Bella but they spent too much time arguing about her being breakable and the baby and everything else in the universe, I am beginning to agree with my sister that Edward is a total control freak and Bella can be a selfish doormat. It was also very obvious that SM would not allow Nessie to die; of course her growth was going to stop. SM could not afford to have Bella be a \\"normal newborn\\" and we all knew it, the twist of her ability helping her was convenient but it was also the pivotal factor in the end.<br /><br />As mentioned before, the additional characters were great, loved them and their groups, powers and personalities and I am a sucker for a happy ending, the whole love conquers all really appeals to me and the fact that Edward got to hear Bella was nice, but their relationship and expressions of love in every form was over done and reiterated, then positively shoved down the readers throat. There is a fine line between poetic romance and sickly sweet, unfortunately for me, in this book especially the line was crossed.<br /><br />This comment is more for the fans then about the book about the hate that has come from a lot of fans about Jacob. Firstly it is a story and people need to chill out and secondly Jacob was the only real character in the dam book. He deserved so much more than SM gave him in the first three books and I just wanted him to dance over the torn limbs of Edward for a while and run off with Bella (not that it was going to happen).<br /><br />Bella happens to be my least favourite character in the series, whiney, selfish, and narrow minded and shallow as a character. Besides having to go through some physical pain she didn't give up anything and got everything in return.<br /><br />The thing that irritates me a lot is that people keep trying to compare her to JK Rowling. I love the Twilight series but they and Steph cannot hold a flame to JK Rowling and her world of Harry Potter. Just because the US was slow to catch on with Harry, doesn't mean the rest of the world was. The Harry books made me laugh out loud a lot, cry in part, grieve for the characters and totally get transported to that world, I was so sad to say goodbye to those characters and I re-read that series every year. I will read Twilight again and again but it was a shallow surface story, at the end I didn't much care if Bella or Edward lived or died, I just wanted it to end.heir relationship and expressions of love in every form was over done and reiterated, then positively shoved down the readers throat. There is a fine line between poetic romance and sickly sweet, unfortunately for me, in this book especially the line was crossed.     This comment is more for the fans then about the book about the hate that has come from a lot of fans about Jacob. Firstly it is a story and people need to chill out and secondly Jacob was the only real character in the dam book. He deserved so much more than SM gave him in the first three books and I just wanted him to dance over the torn limbs of Edward for a while and run off with Bella (not that it was going to happen).    Bella happens to be my least favourite character in the series, whiney, selfish, and narrow minded and shallow as a character. Besides having to go through some physical pain she didn't give up anything and got everything in return.    The thing that irritates me a lot is that people keep trying to compare her to JK Rowling. I love the Twilight series but they and Steph cannot hold a flame to JK Rowling and her world of Harry Potter. Just because the US was slow to catch on with Harry, doesn't mean the rest of the world was. The Harry books made me laugh out loud a lot, cry in part, grieve for the characters and totally get transported to that world, I was so sad to say goodbye to those characters and I re-read that series every year. I will read Twilight again and again but it was a shallow surface story, at the end I didn't much care if Bella or Edward lived or died, I just wanted it to end.
B000WCBPOG|5.0|this is such a good cd. i saw the movie, loved it,bought the dvd and also bought the soundtrack. what a wonderful tribute to the beatles!!!!
B0015HOFZI|4.0|I haven't had any problems with the turntable, it's being very kind to my old albums. I'm pretty impressed with the quality and am glad I chose the Sony over several other brands I researched. I would definitely recommend this one.   Like several other reviewers I've had a not so fun time trying to figure out the software. I do have sound through my computer. To make a long story short, here's what I ended up with for my settings: click \\"Tools\\" then \\"vinyl recording and restoration\\", be sure \\"monitor recording level\\" is checked. My Device Properties on the Audio tab is: Sound Playback:  Realtek HD  Audio Output  Sound Recording: USB Audio CODEC  MIDI Music Playback:  Miscrosoft GS Wavetable SW Synth   I can listen to an album even if I don't want to record it by opening up the vinyl recording and restoration window and just letting it run in the background.   Hope this helps.
0780619951|5.0|If you enjoy bad movies, you'll love this blight on the resume of Marlon Brando and Val Kilmer.  Hey, why not?  At least modern B-movies, such as this, have 5.1 sound.  I'm pretty sure that this movie is always on in Hell.
031606792X|4.0|I'm reading many of the negative review of this book in disbelief.  I, too, was slightly put off by some of the earlier plot developments in Breaking Dawn.  Mainly, I was surprised-- and some of the developments were unexpected.  But by the end of the novel, I was so happy for Bella.  Why shouldn't she get everything she wanted?  This isn't real life, obviously, it's fiction.  Real life isn't perfect.  Fiction is for escapests.  It's for enjoyment.  I was entertained, and I was happy with Bella and Edward's story.  I hope everyone is!
0740748475|5.0|This is excellent, 3 big books gathering all Bill Waterson's work on Calvin & Hobbes. It weighs 10kg and has a rigid binding and box.    Lots of colored sheets and some review on the Bill Waterson's work.
031606792X|3.0|It was predictable at times, and at others, it seemed as though Stephanie Meyer made things up to wrap everything up perfectly for Bella. I thought Meyer of all people would realize that in doing so would realize that doing so would ruin a good book (see Harry Potter and the Deathly Hollows). However, it wasn't completely ruined as the final Harry Potter book was, and it was bearable. Well-written, but disappointing to fans of the series.
B000002H33|5.0|One of the greatest metal albums of all time, certainly the best of its paticular brand of metal.
B0017I0KVI|4.0|I chose to read Mr. Knightley's Diary because I like Jane Austen's books. I was interested to see how the story would be from a man's point of view. I wanted to know what was going on when Mr. Knightley was away, or Emma was not hearing from him.           I am finishing Emma right now, and I have found that this book follows the storyline of Emma very well. It filled in many of the gaps from Emma so that the story is complete. I also found that Mr. Knightley's Diary was a lot easier to read and comprehend than Emma. I liked that you kept the story in the same time-period without using such complicated language. I enjoyed reading the book from two different perspectives. It changes the story a little so that the reader can hear Mr. Knightley's thoughts. He does not share a lot of his thoughts in Emma, but we read his thoughts in this book.        This book taught me that it is important to be honest with people, no matter what. Mr. Knightley was honest with Emma and told her the faults that she had, because he loved her. The story helped me realize that relationships do not work unless you are completely honest with one another. I can remember that when there is something I need to tell my friends or family.       I really think you did a great job with the book.
B00000255F|5.0|Bruce is really quite inovative, if you look at him in the history of music. Who sound like Bruce, and came before Bruce? Not much, maybe a few Phil Spector creations, but thats it. And, quite simply, he rocks harder then most. I'd say only the Rolling Stones and Jimi Hendrix can rock harder. Every song here is an all time classic, each a mini story told with the perfect accompiament. Every instrument in the entire CD sounds fantastic, streched to its highest potental. One of the best, a top ten for me.
0920668372|5.0|This is the best book I have read to my children.  After 17 years it still makes me teary.  It is touching and a wondereful book to read with your children.
B000002AHC|5.0|When I first heard it I thought it was good, but not a classic. Now, 5 listens later, I have realized its one of the greatest albums of all time, and deserves its status as such. The quality of material is really high.
031606792X|1.0|After reading the first three books of the Twilight saga, I was expecting  a continuation of the story that I loved.   instead, this forth chapter of the saga bring back the names... but not the characters. Every character seems to be unilateral and the whole story is rushed. There wasn't one moment that I could empathize with anyone... for it to be Bella that i thought I knew by now or Jacob that I had fallen in love with during the rest of the saga. The atmosphere in the book was just different for the rest... for the first page.   Mid way through the book, I was thinking of just stopping (Thing that didn't happen with the rest of the books)    The one star I am giving it is for the lack of story, of character development and for taking the easy way out of any plot twist... simplifying it to make it simply useless to the story. Where did all the good twists go, the ones that where building up in the rest of the books?     I think the 3rd book would have been a better choice to finish the story, letting readers imagine their own ending. If I could do it, I wouldn't have read this last book.    (Sorry if there are any mistakes... english is my 3rd language)
031606792X|5.0|I loved this book.  I really don't think that it could have been written any other way.  I thought it was a great ending to an even better series.
B00001SIES|5.0|I don't have much to say of this CD. It rocks, but it's not their best one. They have great songs in there, like \\"Muscle Museum\\" and \\"Sunburn\\".     But there's one thing: no matter what people say, I just can't see anything in Muse that sounds like Radiohead. I do think that they have totally different styles.    Anyway... It's an awesome first album for an awesome band.
B0019FPCRG|5.0|[[ASIN:B0019FPCRG The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll And Mr. Hyde by Robert Louis Stevenson]]    This is a very good ebook. The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll And Mr. Hyde is superb work of sci-fi.
B000AMPZF8|5.0|This is just one GREAT cd! Has space/hard/alternative rock and a lot more! And of course, we couldn't expect less from Muse. Cheers!
031606792X|1.0|Meyer lost focus and worse, lost touch with her main characters. The main vampire, Edward Cullen is missing in action. He should be the backbone of the epic love story, but instead he is pushed to the side for Meyer's favorite pet, the werewolf Jacob.     He grew from a minor plot device in the first book to being a narrator in the last. That is not what the majority of readers wanted in a book that was supposed to be the conclusion of Edward and Bella's love story. I won't even begin to discuss Bella's forced motherhood. It sends the wrong message. Enough said.    BOTTOM LINE: THIS IS A POORLY WRITTEN BOOK. The beginning was rushed and lacking in any depth; we should be feeling for these characters but the passion is not there.     The dialog is flat and sparse, we're left to fill in the blanks ourselves. There are no memorable, quotable passages as there had been in the original novel. They've been steadily going down hill with each sequel, but this one is the worst.     The plot is convoluted and the climax an extreme disappointment. She has saddled Edward with his mortal enemy for an eternity, instead giving him and her readers the real happy ending they wanted. Epic failure.
140120306X|3.0|I felt the graphic novel was a tad boring, not only in story but visually.
031606792X|5.0|Wow, what is with the hating? I thought the book was great! It was interesting to see how Bella progressed so quickly and grew up. I liked the extension of the 'Twilight Universe' with the new legends, etc.     I'm sorry Bella didn't ditch Edward for a power suit, and it's just too bad she didn't stop right in the middle of the honeymoon and croon for Planned Parenthood. These books were fluff, plain and simple. Incredibly sugary, fun fluff. I got the ending I was too skeptical to hope for. After all, it's 2008, Happy Endings are so blase right? We need grit and reality and messages right? You can't just have an entertaining, well-written series of entertaining fiction, right? Right!?
0792163710|5.0|Shane was indeed a classic western film.  The photography was excellent.  I especially liked the fact that the women were not dressed up in clean clothes with modern make-up, making them look like an anachronism, as is done in many westerns.  THe constuming was more realistic.  Alan Ladd did a great job, and the boy was great also.
031606792X|5.0|I loved this book!  I felt it answered many questions and was very tastefully done.  My sister and I are mothers and loved the way Stephanie wrote about the bonds of motherhood.  We saw this from three perspectives: as mothers, wives and young girls.  I enjoyed seeing Edward and Bella's relationship grow and mature.  This book is about love with restraint and taming your passions and desires for those you love.  Stephanie has a great way of drawing you in and making you feel her characters. I feel complete - but I am looking forward to \\"other\\" stories to spin off from this.   P.S.  For those of you who think Jacob's imprinting on Nessie is too freaky.  I think you are reading too much reality into it.  It is a fantasy for heaven's sakes. I find it endering and promising that he is so protective of her.
031606792X|5.0|I finished reading Breaking Dawn in one day. The fourth book pulled me in and kept me surprised. I had my own theories on what i thought was going to happen but i was pleasantly surprised quite a few times throughout the book.     I loved the story. I felt like the by the end of the book I was satisfied. Most of my questions were answered and Bella got the Happily Ever After that she deserved.    I was distraught when I saw some of the other reactions to the book. Like people saying that the ending was \\"unrealistically happy\\" and the book sends a message to young girls saying that \\"the only way you can be happy in life is to live forever, get married, have babies and be rich.\\" I don't see that at all.  ITS FICTION. Of course it is going to be unrealistic. And so what if Bella gets what she wants?
031606792X|4.0|First off, enjoy the book without being too realistic. don't be too disappointed with the fact that Bella and Edward get to have a baby because, again, she's half vamp and half human afterall.     i really love the book, i couldnt put the book down at all! the book started really sweet with the wedding and all the bella-edward usuals. then jacobs suffering really got me (i love jacob!) but there were some fun to it too (esp with rosalie. haha) all in all, i thought the ending was the best resolution. everyone was happy, im just kinda . . not used to the thought of jacob with bella's baby. but then thats acceptable cus its a happy ending for jake :)    i would have given it a 5 star, if the other characters get more role in this. i sooo wanted to see more of the cullens interactions with the new members - bella, renesmee and jacob ! but there werent enough for my taste.     just please, give the book a second chance. take your time reading, don't be thinking 'oh my this is so UNREAL' - keep it in mind that vampires and werewolves are supposed to be pretty different from wat we deal with everyday. don't waste what meyers got for us.    i love the whole series<3
1577312082|2.0|This book is a little \\"out there\\", I felt a bit lost trying to listen to it on audio CD. I would not buy it again.
B000WGWQG8|5.0|This TV production was amazingly accurate and well done.  Paul Giamatti's performance was absolutely flawless.  I watched the entire movie twice in three days!  All the actors and actresses were chosen perfectly for their parts.  The rhetoric between Mr. & Mrs. Adams was great.  She really was the amazing woman that was his helpmate.  I give this selection the highest rating, and plan on viewing it over and over again.
B000UFAURI|5.0|Every single song on this CD is amazing!!!  I cannot get sick of it.
031606792X|2.0|This is a nice teenage fantasy with very little substance, but if you think too long about the implications of explaining bruise-inducing sex or imprinting to a pre-teen, you'll probably understand why I just can't recommend it.
B0019FOC5E|5.0|I confess I love ABBA. The reason I went to see the film adaptation of the Broadway musical MAMMA MIA! was for the music. As someone who doesn't care for musicals, I found myself enjoying the film immensely because of the huge camp factor. As a result I had to get the soundtrack to the film. I am still wowed by the fact that Meryl Streep can actually sing unlike a lot of female pop tarts (i.e Miley Cyrus)today. For me my favorite songs on the album includes Meryl Streep and Amanda Seyfried singing. I really love the \\"Super Trouper\\" segment in the film where Donna and her friends are singing the song at the bridal shower. My personal favorite was \\"The Winner Takes it All\\". Meryl Streep just nailed that song on the head. I found myself quite moved by her interpretation of the song. One of the few flaws with the soundtrack was Pierce Brosnan. I'm sorry but the man can't sing. His attempts at singing was laughable at best. He sounded like he was singing and shouting at the same time. Colin Firth was a lot better than Pierce Brosnan. My other flaw I found with the film/soundtrack was that \\"Under Attack\\" was omitted. I love that song and I missed hearing it. Same with \\"Chiquita\\". Overall I still love MAMMA MIA! to give it five stars.
031606792X|5.0|I was very happy with the book.  I liked how Bella matured.  I was getting sick of the immature Bella,  She started to aggravate me in Eclipse.  I also enjoyed the plot of the story.  I was tired of reading how vampires wanted Bella and reading about her being saved from them.  There is only so much you can take and I think another vampire after Bella's humanity would have been repetition.  I like where the author went with the book.  It did however leave me wanting more because there was not as much Edward and Bella moments.
0060832819|1.0|I didn't realize how much I disliked this book until 1/2 way through!  I only read it because I'm in a reading club, never will I read any of his books again! I usually give my books away, this one will go in the trash!  What a waste of time & trees!
B000NU2CY4|5.0|OK, heres the deal, when a negative review has this statement in it, \\"Commodus was badly depicted, Roman annals usually depict him as\\"  you know it isn't a \\"Movie\\" review, but rather some wanna be historian that wanted to watch a documentary.    Taking this film for what it is, A MOVIE!!!!!, it is near perfection.    Characters have to be created in a movie to inspire reactions by the viewer.  It isn't a documentary, nor has it EVER intended to be.    Now, on a personal note, we need to get this thing released on Blu Ray ASAP.
B000JIHP88|3.0|The quality of this mobile is great. The motor is quite the music sound is excellent it fitted well on our crib although its a new excotic design. Also the remote is a GREAT feature.  However the classical music was kind of dull and the peeka boo leaves doesn't really hide the dragon fly which makes them more of a clutter than a peek-a-boo. In general the mobile is so cluttered that we felt our baby wasn't able to follow the movement of any particular part and was not intrested in it.
031606792X|4.0|Ok, I've read quite a few comments on this book about how it's just so terribly disappointing. Some have said that Bella just got it all too easily, she didn't have to give anything up. Blah, blah, blah.    Guys, it's a book. It's fiction, it's romance. It's not going to have a horrible ending, Bella isn't going to lose Edward, her baby, or Jacob. It's going to be happily ever after, you can tell this from the FIRST book.    I enjoyed Breaking Dawn, I thought it was the perfect ending to the story. It doesn't leave you longing for more. It made me feel like Meyer gave just enough, and closed it without going too far.    And for those of you who say that it's wrong that Bella is married by 18 and has a kid and didn't go to college--WELL, she's a aspiring to be a VAMPIRE! This is FICTION! Read it, enjoy it, and understand that this is fake, it's imagination, it's magic. It's there to enjoy, not take moral lessons from!
006135323X|4.0|I enjoyed the book. It was an easy read. I felt the author didn't have enough focus. It felt like the author was trying to make a book out of ramdom studies he had done that while interesting still left me with the impression that he was reaching. So the point of the book he kind of forced is that people are not rational mostly because they are social beings and that is more important than being logical, and this is what is predictable, hence the title. Still I reccomend this book because I find hman behavior so interesting and the more we understand it the better off we are.
B00005JPTK|4.0|DVD Special Features include:    Single disc contains:        * Four animated comics    Second disc contains:        * Never before seen alternate ending      * DVD-ROM PC Weblink to more than 90 minutes of bonus content and featurettes, revealing how the film was made and shot on location in New York City etc.      * Digital download copy of the film
0671449028|5.0|Another great Boynton classic with funny pictures and not a lot of words on every page. Whole family likes this one!
B00003CXRP|5.0|Disc One: CAST AWAY  Letterboxed - Anamorphic - 1.85:1  Audio:   DTS 6.1 ES - English   Dolby Digital 6.1 EX - English   Dolby Surround - English   Dolby Surround - French    Additional Release Material:   Audio Commentary - 1. Robert Zemeckis - Director, Don Burgess - Director of Photography, Ken Ralston - Visual Effects Supervisor, Carey Villegas - Co-Visual Effects Supervisor, Randy Thom - Sound Designer  Interactive Features:   Scene Access   Interactive Menus    Disc Two: Bonus Features   Featurettes - 1. \\"The Making of CAST AWAY\\"                      2. \\"S.T.O.P.: Surviving as a Castaway\\"                      3. \\"The Island\\"                      4. \\"Wilson: The Life & Death of a Hollywood Extra\\"     Special Effects Vignettes with Audio Commentary   Charlie Rose Interview with Tom Hanks                 Trailers - 1. 2 Original Theatrical Trailers                2. 10 TV Spots  Interactive Features:   Scene Access   Interactive Menus  Text/ Photo Galleries:   Stills Gallery   Storyboard Galleries   Concepual Art   Illustrations
0736065237|5.0|this book is phenominal and i strongly suggest buying this book if you are at all serious about the gym... actually even if your not serious, this book might make you serious
B0012QE4Q2|4.0|The acting was great, the storyline tends to be a little boring towards the end...    but all in all definitely not a waste of time...     Loved the colors...    Natalie was wicked & Eric was breathtaking in some moments  It's an interesting tale about those two sisters....
B00003CXE7|5.0|It has it all, great acting, great plot, great action, and a great soundtrack. What more do you want? This movie will never get old.
031606792X|3.0|I didn't love it, and I'm having trouble putting my finger on exactly why.  Loved Twilight, thought New Moon was good, Loved Eclipse, but Breaking Dawn completely broke the mold for me.  Everything I wanted for the characters happened, but I still don't feel satisfied.  The wedding was great, and then as soon as Bella found out she was pregnant, it started going downhill.  It just was so unrealistic.  Everything after that was a departure from Edward and Bella's intensity for each other, which was the foundation of the previous books.  I got closure because she wrapped up everyone's story, and like I said, I was happy Bella became a vampire and Jacob ended up happy, but unlike the earlier books, I found myself rolling my eyes, putting it down for longer periods of time, and asking myself is this is the same writer.  I think SM has a great imagination and the way she brought it all together was really unique and actually a really good story.  It just didn't fit right with the story she'd already created.  I still love the serious, but I was disappointed with BD.
B00005JKED|5.0|Great story, Denzel Washington plays great and so does Ethan Hawke. Too much language in it though, its not needed.
0765316889|5.0|This book is terrific.  It embodies all the superb elements of fantasy novels and discards most, if not all, of the undesirable elements.  This is rounded out with great character development, a mature and realistic romance, and a couple of great plot twists.    If you liked Mistborn, then you will love this book.  If you like fantasy, then I strongly suggest reading this book's prequel then reading it.  You will not be disappointed, I guarantee.
B00005JKQZ|5.0|Russel Crow delievers again in this really well done movie. I enjoyed the story a lot and at some points didn't know who to trust. Don't miss this film.
0785123490|5.0|If you like comic book deities even a slight bit, or even modern or ancient human deities, then this book is for you.  Struggles are all of cosmic proportion.  I love the reference to all Earth's ancient religion gods as gods who are but a drop in the bucket compared to some of the forces at work here.  Even though its a comic book, it tells it like it is.  Us, as human beings, can lay no claim to even comprehend the magnitude and sheer myriad of benevolent and malevolent forces that constantly struggle on planes of existence much higher than ours or any of our perceived gods.  Religious zealots would do good to read this book and give them a better understanding of how small their religious texts are in the grand scheme of things.
B00005JKL8|2.0|This is a one time rental movie and thats about it. I will say that the sound effects are very cool and even better when in surround.
031606792X|1.0|I think the other reviewers just about covered it... I have to say, I don't believe that all the 5-star reviews, are legit... They just conveniently seem to keep popping up, after A LOT of 1-stars... Kind of like they were just waiting to see if they needed to get their pals in on a 'Save Stephenie's reputation' mission.    (Anyway)    Stupid name for a baby... Baby shouldn't be in the book, anyway... I still hate Alice; I don't get why she seems to be so popular: she's controlling, manipulative, and really only gives a darn about her obnoxious self... Bella gets it all, which is annoying... Bella supposedly becoming maternal? Not with how she's described in the other books; no way... All that Volturi build-up, and, for what? Absolutely nothing. Constantly reminding us that Bella will be a ravenous, blood-crazed newborn vamp, and, for what? Again, nothing... A tip for you, Stephenie: when building up to something, actually DELIVER, or you will cause disappointment. Someone important should have died, plain and simple... Plot holes like crazy... Edward is just as DULL as ever, but, now I think that he and Bella deserve each other. I only wish that Jacob could have escaped, without the stupidity that was forced upon him by terrible writing.    Two more things:     1.)The mistakes in this book (actually, all 4 of them), are numerous... I can't believe it got published; she and her 'editors,' and the publishing house, should all be ashamed of themselves, for taking our money, and giving us slop.    2.) To those who are giving it great reviews, but are complaining that there are those of us who don't like it, well, get over it... Most of us 1-star reviewers aren't calling you idiots for liking it; don't make a stink because we don't... We paid money for the book, just as you did; if we want to take it seriously, then we will... After all, most well-paid 'authors' *want* to be taken seriously.
B00004XPPB|5.0|A great storyline with great actors. It never gets old, do not miss this movie.
031606792X|5.0|I would have given this 4 stars but (like another review I read) felt the need to balance it with all the low ratings.    I am totally surprised at how horribly people have rated this.  I think when people fall so in love with a series they have a hard time when a story comes to and end and become very nitpicky about how it happens.  Stephanie Meyer has a wonderful imagination and she told the story how she saw it and how she wanted it to end. She is the storyteller, she began the story and she gets to choose how it ends.  I would not have ended it exactly like this (for instance they would have kicked the volturri's powdery white hiney's)but then again I would have never been able to come up with such a gripping story to begin with.    I loved Twilight it was my favorite.  Didn't care so much for New Moon - very depressing,  but still pretty good (obviously I kept reading.) Ecllipse was better but still not as good as Twilight.  Breaking Dawn may have been my second favorite.  It was very interesting (it made me want to be a vampire when I saw all that Bella became.)  There were A LOT of love scenes, possibly more than necessary- especially for teen readers.  She did keep them pretty clean, but it was very sexual.     When I first looked at the ratings the book had been out for less than 24 hours and there were a ton of low ratings-- the rating has come up since then. This has caused me to decide that the people who read it the fastest seemed to be more dissappointed.  I took my time and I enjoyed it. I accidentaly read a few spoilers while reading some comments and so I knew some of the stuff people hated.  Knowing those things could possibly have helped me to get use to and accept them better.  For instance some people were having a fit about the name Renessmee and although it is not my favorite name I feel like its a little ridiculous to base your feeling for a book on the name of a character.  Many of the names in the book are unusual and so I don't see why Renessmee is any more offensive than say Jasper.    It was great to see things from Jacob's point of view, but again it was depressing and I was looking forward to a new perspective and a brighter outlook.      There were many complaints about how unrealistic and not true to life certain parts of the book were.  To this I say- hello people! We're reading about vampires and wherewolves and you're asking for things to be true to life!?  Also have you even read any of the other books--? Being true to life is not how I would describe any of them!  Real life may not end happy or be happy all the time, that for me is one of the main reasons I read, no matter what is going on with me I can leave my world and go into a world where things work out happily.       There are complaints that there isn't some huge life lesson at the end. I agree it was just a happy ending book with few lessons I would consider to be very powerful.  While very good books, they are mere stories not intended to be the next Lord of the Rings.  That being said they are books with good morals and values and the main characters are good people who care very much about other people and the world around them.  It speaks of self dicipline and putting others before yourself.  I read where one mother thought it taught girls to give up going to a prestigious colleges they got into in order to follow their boyfriend.  I believe otherwise.  I believe it teaches them to follow their dreams and what they believe is right and best for them and that when they do, things will often work out.  Bella didn't decide not to go to the better college because her boyfriend asked her not to (he wanted her to), she didn't go because SHE didn't want to.  We plan our future based on what WE want in our lives not what is expected of us by everyone else.  So although these aren't super life changing books, they are extremely fun to read and their messages are not corrupting.    Thank you Stephanie for sharing such an interesting story with me. I spent many hours in enjoyment.
B00005Q3TZ|4.0|I love Micheal Bay's movies, this movie has crazy war scenes and a great theme song. As for the Vista Series, you are paying for a lot of behind-the-scenes footage and other kinda cool stuff.
031606792X|1.0|Let me begin by saying I adored the first three books. I could not wait to read this book and anticipated it as heavily as anyone else. I planned on it being a treat, and figuring I would be in for a long stretch of devoted reading time I grabbed the book and some snacks, and nestled in to read.<br /><br />Right away the book took turns that were disappointing and unnecessary. It almost immediately becomes far reaching due to its lack of development before major changes. Things that are very unlikely and out of place just spring up without a lead in or explanation. Personalities just change without warning, or at inappropriate times.<br /><br />I plodded on, hoping it would get better. After about 200 pages I gave up the ghost and set it down for a couple days before forcing myself to finish. The things that stood out to me the most were things that do not belong in a potential bestseller. For one, this book was inconsistent with with the first three. This was especially obvious to me, since I had just finished reading the first three again before picking up Breaking Dawn. The characters that were developed in the first 3 books were replaced with shallow, poorly written and insubstantial characters that I didn't recognize. The threads they shared with the previous books were cliche, such as typical responses from characters and the same adjectives repeatedly used through all four books. Thesaurus anyone? The editing in this book was also poor. The story was rambling with a very loose, and at times unconnected plot. The grammatical and spelling errors are above and beyond what is to be expected and frequent enough to become an annoyance. The other three books had spotty errors too, but nothing like this book. This book felt unpolished.<br /><br />Overall this book did not give enough detail, time or plot development to explain it's twists. The reader is constantly blindsided by atypical behavior from the characters they have grown accustomed to. This book is sketchy, choppy, unpolished, inconsistent and loosely written. Essentially this book feels like a rough draft or a rush to fill in an outline. It is hard to reconcile this book with the others, and it is a disappointing finale to the series.inconsistent and loosely written. Essentially this book feels like a rough draft or a rush to fill in an outline. It is hard to reconcile this book with the others, and it is a disappointing finale to the series.
B000F1IQN2|5.0|I love Spielbergs film style in this, it reminds me of Schindler's List. Very well done and acted out.
B000002UA5|5.0|Couldn't explain it for the life of me but I really enjoy this album, front, back and middle. One who leans to Prog rock, experimental, stream of consious elements in their music would be more likely to Ummagumma.
B00020BVXI|5.0|The Spider-Man (Three-Disc Deluxe Edition) has everything and more that you want to know about this great movie, bargain for what you get.
B000MRAAJM|4.0|I was very disappointed over the fact that David Attenborough narrates these discs, as I very much liked Sigourney Weaver's delivery much better. I see other reviewers felt the opposite of me.   Other than my personal preference on narrator, I agree this is one of the finest documentaries ever made in the history of TV.  I gave this 1 less star due to the narration issue. All else makes this a 5-star rating.
B000022TSW|5.0|Even if you've never seen the show, this movie puts it all together. I didn't even mind it being a musical. Very explicit, not for the little ones.
031606792X|1.0|I loved the first three books in the Twilight saga, the characters were amazing and the same during the books.  When I read Breaking Dawn, I thought someone must have replaced a different book with it, it was not like stephenie meyer's writing at all. To me, it read like fan fiction.
B000EYK4KI|5.0|I really liked this movie, it has action sex and explosions. The on-screen vibe between the two is great.
B00005MCX2|5.0|This Hawkwind album does something I knew the band attempted before, but never THIS much- jamming out, in a jazzy style, while some punk rock guitar riffs play in the background.  What a great idea, not to mention an innovative one if we keep in mind the time this album was created.      Now, here's another interesting thing- the band not only blended these jazzy ideas with punk and hard rock elements, but they somehow came up with this genius idea to give the entire thing a space rock edge, which just blows my mind that a band who already shocked the heck out of me with their amount of creativity managed to pull something MORE out of their magical hat.    So yeah, Hawkwind rules, and Space Ritual is exactly the right album by them you need to own.  Some people may get sick of the sound and style the band was going for after a while, but to me, it just gets better and better.  An album that may SOUND dated but is actually quite refreshing because it sounds like nothing else out there.    Hawkwind is just one of *hundreds* fantastic rock bands from the 70's if you ask me.  Favorite song?  \\"Orgone Accumulator\\".  This song is brilliant in words that I simply don't have stored in my head!!    Another great thing about this album is that the band knew exactly what their best songs were, and chose to use most of them for this live performance.  It was like the band wanted to make a statement with this mighty fine selection of tunes.    For those of you who don't believe the saxophone can be used as a \\"cool\\" musical instrument combined with space rock, atmosphere and punk rock guitar riffs, guess again!  I absolutely LOVE the way this band jams with the saxophone.  It always sounds so adventurous and mysterious, similar to making yourself dizzy and watching everything swirl around in circles, and fits right in with all the other musical ideas taking place.  The bass playing on Space Ritual is quite fantastic as well.    Maybe this album should be considered one of the verybest live performances from the 70's, because it's very very good, contains an original sound and style, and captures a band at their absolute peak.  An album like Deep Purple's Made in Japan happens to have the same features and everyone remembers that album.  Why not remember this one too?
B000O76T7W|5.0|I typical Will Smith action movie, and thats just fine with me. Its no I am Legend, but its a well made blockbuster hit.
B0018RWMNM|1.0|Regardless of the rationale for the 16:9 presentation, there's no question the framing on LONESOME DOVE is cropped. The bottom of the image is clearly cut off from its original television broadcast and it's very obviously NOT what was originally intended to be seen. As one of the other reviews mentions below, if you compare this with the DVD, it's evident that nobody would ever compose     That being said the BD is otherwise spectacular -- but why couldn't they have just given us the original, intended framing? Or at least every bit of the frame that was shot, if nothing else. That bottom portions of the screen that are clearly cut off is just inexplicable.
068981528X|5.0|When looking for books to get for our little one, my husband saw the title of this one and thought it sounded fun, so we got it.  We were not disappointed!!!  Very clever, very fun; a great book.  We look forward to when our little one is old enough to enjoy it as much as we do.
031606792X|2.0|I would like to preface this review by saying I love all of Stephenie Meyer's other books. Ever since I was given an advance reader's copy of Twilight several years ago, I was hooked. The love story between Edward and Bella was so profound, beautiful and had such an effect on me, that I would find myself daydreaming about these characters lives constantly. Then in New Moon, the sadness I felt when Edward left Bella was so real that I felt depressed for weeks after reading it, even AFTER he came back to her. Eclipse 's proposal was the ultimate in romantic gestures for me and left me hungry for more. Then I read The Host and fell immediately for Wanda, rooting for her to find happiness or a sense of purpose and belonging all the way through. I couldn't wait for the next Stephenie Meyer book and waited (not so patiently) for months to get my hands on Breaking Dawn. I thought that this would be the culmination of everything I wanted for Edward and Bella and more.        The wedding, for me, was exactly how I imagined it ( I just love Alice!). Unfortunately, after that the book started to lose me. The honeymoon chapters were a major letdown--I didn't like the scenes with the feathers and the headboards, Edward's constant self loathing (and might I point out here that of course Edward speaks Portuguese!).  I continued to read the book straight through, and after I woke up the next day I had to look again just to make sure that it wasn't a cruel joke.  I thought the plot was very soap-operish and was missing all the desperation and longing I felt from the characters in the first three books. Bella got everything she wanted---it was almost comical. She had Renesmee, kept Charlie in her life (by the way--where was Renee this book?), was able to have Jacob remain by her side, and became a vampire without any of the hardships one experiences as a newborn. I think this is where Stephenie Meyer went so wrong--everything was wrapped up too neatly. Although I didn't want Bella and Edward to experience pain--I think that everything one does in life has consequences, ESPECIALLY in this case because Edward and Bella's love was so \\"forbidden.\\" This pretty wrapped up package caused several of the characters to do things that seemed off to me. For example, from what I know of Charlie, I don't think he would just roll over and accept Bella's situation. He seems complacent from the very beginning--what father wouldn't be more concerned for his daughter in such a \\"dangerous\\" situation? And why didn't he try harder to find her when she was sick?      Just from a personal perspective, I would have rather the Renesmee story line not existed. Not only did it seem to endorse teen pregnancy, but it just brought up a picture in my mind of a mutant baby! How freaky would it be to have a little baby/child talking to you through thoughts and speech. That is something straight out of a horror movie, no matter the child's good intentions. The C-section scene was so gross and unnecessary-- did Edward really have to use his teeth?! I even started to accept the story line of Renessmee until Jacob imprinted on her. I thought this was beyond weird--she's an infant and he was in love with her mother! I would have much rather Jacob ended up with Leah--that neither of them imprinted because they were meant to be together.        The other problem I had with the story was the \\"fight\\" scene with the Volturi. I felt that most of the book was spent leading up to this culmination--the Voturi got their whole clan together and went across the world to just turn around and go back when they \\"reasoned with them\\"?! I thought this was very much an unrealistic letdown.     So as you can tell I didn't like this book. I wonder if maybe having two books to write in a year caused this book to be rushed out. I will say however, that I still love Stephenie Meyer and will continue to read her future works. I think all authors have to experience moments of genius and also ones of mistakes. How else can you grow and become better at what you do?    I will sum up this long review with the words of Edward-----\\"Oops.\\"
0060558121|5.0|Neil Gaiman, definetly this is by far his best work. I first read Anansi Boys, later I discovered that AB was a sequel to American Gods. No worries, the one who said that didn't read the books at all. Yes, both books share one particular character, but that's it. American Gods is original and dark. Gods of the new hunting and killing the old and long forgotten gods of the earth. Shadow, freshly out of jail, returns home to find out that his beloved wife died in a car crash (and what a crash it was) - of course, now she is a walking/talking corpse that re-appears to help our friend Shadow during his \\"quest?\\".<br /><br /> Somewhere down the road, specifically in a bar, Shadowis hired by an unusual man....for an unusual tasks, as a bodyguard of some sort. From there everything changes in this repented man. A true rollercoaster of dark humor, odd situations and some thrilling moments.<br /><br />American Gods it's a well crafted novel. Hope Gaiman keeps on writting more dark humour + fantasy with some horror to it.<br /><br />This one is a keeper.
B000001GX8|5.0|Hermann Prey (Figaro) Dietrich Fischer-Dieskau (Count) Gundula Janowitz(Countess), Edith Mathis (Susanna) Tatiana Troyanos (Cherubino) Patricia Johnson (Marcellina) Erwin Wohlfahrt (Basilio) Martin Vantin (Don Curzio) Peter Lagger (Bartolo) Klaus Hirte (Antonio) Barbara Vogel (Barbarina)  Christa Doll, Margarethe Giehse (Two Women) Karl Bohm conducts the Berlin Opera Orchestra and Chorus 1968 LP remastered<br /><br />THE \\"FIGARO\\" MOZART ORIGINALLY ENVISIONED:<br /><br />Karl Bohm's \\"Figaro\\" recording from 1968 (in 3 LPs) is the stuff of opera legend; as much a classic and masterpiece of recorded opera as his previous successes: Wagner's Tristan and Isolde with the Bayreuth Festival forces and starring Birgit Nilsson and Wolfgang Windgassen and the Ring Des Nibelung operas with Nilsson, Windgassen, Leonie Rysanek and Theo Adam. While his Bayreuth career is undisputed and his Wagner repertoire is far more magnificent, his Mozart repertoire is equally impressive and shows a conductor who understood German music like no other, with the exception of Herbert Von Karajan. Bohm and Karajan, despite whatever differences they might have, were cut from the same cloth; essentially conducting similar works and in the rigidly German manner which extended to Austrian composers' ouvre like Mozart, who was Austrian.<br /><br />\\"Figaro\\" is hard for some people to understand and can be an extremely dull operatic experience for the newcomer to opera. Running at 4 hours long, the action taking place in the course of only one day and confined to the inside a Count's grandiose mansion (except for the finale in the Garden exterior), the opera has a minimal plot: It's drawn from the 1780's French play by Beaumarchais whose French Revolution spirit is palpable as the story involves scheming and intelligent servants who outwit their masters and whose portrayal of aristocracy/nobility as represented in the character of the unfaithful, lusty, vainglorious, bafoonic Count is very negative and perhaps hinting at sexual preferences of the nobility at that period in time which flipped their wigs! Count Almaviva no longer loves his own wife and instead has turned his sexual advances to the servants, namely his own valet Figaro's betrothed Susanna. It's likely this Count has previously seduced other servant girls as he demands the droit de signeur, the ancient right of property owners and nobility to take lovers among the poorer servant class. Figaro and Susanna cannot live without one another so they come up with a scheme to get back at their own master and at the same time, they help the Countess, grieving the loss of her husband's former affection, to win him back. The opera was written in Italian (libretto by Da Ponte) and meant to be sung in the style of the popular Italian \\"boudoir\\" comedies which Viennese enjoyed. But the music is Mozart's and Austrian to the core, full of the most elegant but monumental, beautiful, charming and sublime, spiritual melodies Mozart had composed up to that point. He would do the same in an entirely different piece of theater - The Magic Flute- another opera in which the subject matter (fantasy) was treated to more inspirational music. Figaro is text-wise a comedy but the music is at a higher level. Karl Bohm understood all these things and here at last is the Mozart Figaro that Mozart himself had written. Already a veteran conductor since the WWII days, he was still an energetic and skilled conductor who was now  foraying into recordings. For Figaro, he cast what he considered to be alpha singers available at the time but this was before his Salzburg Festival career and the singers are not exactly a varied and international cast. They are, like Bohm, Germanic people familiar with opera as seen in Dresden, Berlin and Vienna. This was an entirely diffeernt school of opera than Italian, American or East European singers. They sang operas in German translations before sliding into the original languages of the operas such as Italian. Bohm was interested in a Figaro with purity of sound, some color and radiance, perhaps in an effort to rival the acclaimed luxurious Giulini version which had set the bar high. He instructed the singers to harmonize during the ensembles and explicitly forbade any onesinger to outsing another. The chorus is especially good (German choruses are among the best) so during the scenes such as Figaro's Wedding we find unrivaled unison of beautiful voices. The same goes for the ensembles, even the tricky one that conclude Act 1 and 4 in which the music tempi is constantly changing in color and pace. There is perfection of sound both in orchestra and singers. It appears that Bohm might have recorded each act seperately, each ensemble seperately and each aria seperately in a series of recording sessions. This is why each major aria strikes the ear as being individualistic and carefully sung. Each major aria Figaro's \\"Si Vuol Ballare\\", \\"Non piu andrai\\", Cherubino's \\"Voi Che Sapete\\", The Countess' arias \\"Porgi Amor\\" and \\"Dove Sono\\" seem to be like jewels, pearls, beads, in a treasure chest, each attracting us with their unique illumination. The strength of this Figaro is not the dramatic or theatrical punch but the delicacy, the finesse, the elaborate Roccoco touches in the process of making a \\"sound painting\\", which makes this very much like something that belongs in 18th century Austria, the time of Mozart himself in a performance that might have even been similar to what was heard at the time. And even with all this artistic detail, there is still a sense of the theater, a production of careful consideration to the milieu of Vienna, and if these singers sang in live productions in the 1960's, I would have been in Heaven watching them in action. There is a film in which Herman Prey and Dietrich Fischer Dieskau reprise their roles as Figaro and the Count(with Mirella Freni as Susannah)and it's available on Deutsche Grammophon's DVD line.<br /><br />Sadly, detractors and critics continue to bash this recording as being badly performed by a mainly German cast as opposed to Italian-trained singers (the general sentiment is that dramatic baritone Dietrich Fischer-Dieskau is too Germanic, cartoonish and over-the-top as the Count); that the whole thing is overly long (3 LPS!!) pretentious, excessive and completely lackluster but the reasons owing to most people's dislike of this version is that previous recordings had more lively, theatrical Italian comic attitudes and for a long time this was considered to be the truest way to do Figaro. Bohm did not cast Italian-school singers and did not play up the hilarious Italian comedy bit. He knew that this was a Viennese boudoir comedy and we get a very intimate, regal, cooly artistic and an efficiently performed version. It's a work of art period. Bohm conducts the Berlin forces with a loving, tender hand, guiding the instruments to play with lavish musicality and attention to details in every single scene, big and small. This is the most musical Figaro and if you pay close attention to the accompanying music and not the singing, you will find that this is the most stylish, artistic and excellent version of Figaro ever put to record. It is long, true, and too long for listeners used to hearing the music played faster for dramatic punch. But this is a dreamy recording, leisurely and really does feel as if we're in that huge manor house and the transition from scene to scene feels as if the hours are passing from day to night, which culminates in the garden scene and reconciliation between man and wife. That alone is enough to make this a classic and a winner. The Overture is not as large sounding as it is heard in other recordings but everything after that is played with continuous fluidity of sound, color and melody; beads of various shades and jewels as represented in the strings and winds, and at the same time the majestic brass, marches, fanfares and slightly darker nocturnal moments and such maintain a dramatic balance to the score. The orchestra is in tune with the same elegant, refined and beautiful phrasing and singing of the cast. It's Bohm's greatest recording of a Mozart opera, eventhough he would do a similar \\"mostly musical\\" thing in 1977 leading the Vienna Philharmonic with a Salzburg Festival Don Giovanni recorded live and available on Deutsche Grammophone (Sherill Milnes as Don Giovanni, Walter Berry as Leporello, Peter Schreier as Ottavio, Anna Tomowa Sintow as Anna). But while that one sounded very natural and was highly theatrical almost Shakespearean, this Figaro, being made as an LP recording, is artificial excellence, souding like a beautifully crafted light epic, so gorgeous to listen to and so relaxing, a real escape into the Austrian countryside.The downside for this and it's still not that big a deal for me (although it is to some) there is no real sense of reality to this entire drama and the garden scene, which I'm used to hearing as climatic and really very significant sounding (like a fairy tale ending) sounds too generic and unlike any of the other previous curtain-down closing numbers. The way Bohm continued the nearly eternal flow one would think that the lastt track is not even the end of the opera!! The whole thing lacks any realism or flesh but it is outstanding in its unique magic, ethereal effect, giving a new dimension to Figaro, making it high art. Put it on your best sound system at home during a soiree or just relax with the music on a summer afternoon and you will see that it's the most European and most endearing piece of music ever made.<br /><br />DIETRICH FISCHER DIESKAU is in a class of his own. His performances of opera are an acquired taste. This one is a Count that is overdone only because listeners are used to the more realistic, human and multi-dimensional approach at the Count requiring us to pity him. But the character was written to be a ham and to be seen as an imperious prick (like Don Giovanni) so Dieskau is essentially doing the right thing in his performance. This is the same thing he did with his Don Giovanni on two other recordings - with Bohm and with Ferenc Fricsay. He is not trying, however, to sound as elegant, smooth-toned and lilting as the others in the cast and some listeners enjoy the masculine beauty of baritone sounds which Dieskau overlooks in favor of dramatic vitality and pure camp. This was usually his style though (except in the purely lyric Lieder he sang a lot) but if you're a fan of Dieskau this is one of his classic performances and he totally understood the comic potential of the character that, along with Figaro, provide for comedy which is what Figaro is at heart. HERMANN PREY is a very refined baritone singer playing up the seriousness of Figaro's character rather than the comic element. Figaro is cunning and intelligent and the way Hermann Prey sings it is also intelligently done and well-studied. Problem is he overdid it, much like Dieskau overdid the campiness of the Count, and so he sounds more like a nobleman himself than a funny, cunning, smiling, low-brow comedy servant. But every aria and scene with Hermann Prey is a wonderful treat for the ears. He is still considered to be among the best interpretors of Figaro.<br /><br />GUNDULA JANOWITZ is no Elisabeth Schwarzkopf and in fact takes on an entirely different approach to the role of the Countess, long considered a fine debut for a serious opera singer that if sung successfuly can launch that soprano's meteroic career. It did just that for Janowitz but she had already sung full lyric roles and became an accomplished singer of German Lieder. Schwartzkopf was a perfectionist but at least she was able to emote as she sang and live her roles and her Countess was the stuff legends were made of, a warmer, more poignant and heartwarming Countess you'll be hard-pressed to find. Janowitz does not take this approach. She is not singing with any hint of emotion or warmth. Her Countess does not sound sad, not even when she is referring to her husband's lack of love for her!! Janowitz has a cool, leisurely voice with a floating effect. There is a kind of cold Netherlands royal tone to her voice, but there is no depth, real color and nuance. For me, it's Janowitz who is miscast, not Dieskau who knew the significance of the hamming it up part. A very poignantly performed Countess is always needed in Figaro but Janowitz is too distant and her voice sounds too ethereal and detached to cut it for me. When she sings, she's on another level, rising higher than the voice seems to call for, making it seem as if the Countess is some kind of goddess. That being said, she still has glorious moments of stunning lyricism and heavenly angelic beauty, especially when paired with Edith Mathis equally angelic voice (as in the Letter Due \\"Sull's Aria\\") it's absolutely spiritual! EDITH MATHIS' Susanna is unrivaled. She is also the one singer that really tries to sound Italian and especially in the talky recitatives in which she uses laughter or surprise in the voice. She has a beautiful, soubrette-ish voice that is perfectly suited to the ingenue role of Susanna. The thing is the irony is that Susanna has even more to sing than the Countess, and Edith Mathis sounds as if she's never done a bigger role than this one. But she mastered it! Finally Tatiana Troyanos. It's really she's who's the best singer on here and everyone seems to agree. Her dark, deep mezzo voice fully convinces us that she's playing the part of a man (Cherubino) and moreover, a young man experiencing adolescent passions. Troyanos has a very Italian voice and she is wonderful in everything she sings in this. It's a pity that Bohm does not care to showcase her voice and whenever she's on, it's far too fleeting a moment. Other conductors have captured more of a touching portrayal of Cheruino who can become a very significant character. Bohm does not seem to care for Tatiana on the count that she's the baby next to all the experienced German singers. And Troyanos was indeed the ingenue in this recording made very early in her operatic career as a mezzo.<br /><br />\\"Shawshank Redepmtion\\": The score/soundtrack to the 1994 movie Shashawnk Redemption starring Morgan Freeman and Tim Robbins used the duet \\"Sull' aria\\" also known as \\"Che Souave Zeffireto\\" sung by Gundula Janowitz and Edith Mathis from this very album. In the scene, Andy (Tim Robbins) has established a prison library that besides books features LP recordings. He discovers a record of Le Nozze Di Figaro and puts it on, turns up the volume and puts it over the loudspeakers so that all people in the prison and the prison yard are able to hear it. This moment is very poignant and touching, the emotional effect enhanced by Morgan Freeman's voice-over \\"I have no idea what those two Italian ladies we're singing about..I'd like to think that they were singing about something so beautiful it couldn't be expressed in words....I'm telling you those two voices sang higher than any one can dare to dream...and for a moment every last man at Shashawnk was free\\".....Because Karl Bohm and his orchestra approached this duet at a slow and lingering pace, this duet has long become famous for its sublime feeling and its sheer beauty. It's absolutely spiritual. A lot of operaphiles even purchase this recording to have access to this Duet in their own homes. It's the best performed \\"Sull'aria\\" ever. In  the opera, Susannah and the Countess are alone in her room and are thinking about writing a letter for the Count, with the intent of deceiving him and entrapping him in the garden where the Countess will reveal her true identity as the woman he thought he was pursuing romantically. Joking around, the Countess and Susannah write \\"a song to the wind\\", and talk about how they will catch the Count in the \\"little forest under the pines\\". Other Figaro recordings, such as Solti, Muti, Levine and others make the mistake of speeding up the tempi in this duet and breeze right through it, making the duet seem very insignificant and boring. Bohm recognized the beauty of this duet and the tempi is just right, not plodding at all, and showcases the women's voices with flair, passion and again a touch of the spiritual. Giulini, too, however, was smart enough to slow down the pace of this duet and the Countess of Elisabeth Schwarzkopf and Susanna of Anna Moffo are also finely showcased in a very similar way. The two duets of both recordings are sumptuous and touching, but Bohm's version sets up the voices very high in the Heavens.<br /><br />There are many Figaros on recording and it's an opera that is beloved by the opera recording industry. You're spoilt for choice. Some Figaro recordings are very boring since without any real color to the score the entire thing can sound like the same tune. Avoid Sir Neville Marriner's version or Ricardo Muti's which can indeed fall into this category of the bland and boring. By common assessment, the most loved versions are Giulini's and Bohm's. Some prefer the Kleiber version of the mid 1950's. The modern recordings dating from the 1970's, 1980's and 1990's contained improved sound quality and singers who added a more unique and more human/realistic interpretation. Often these singers stand out from the rest of their co-stars. The Countess of Leontyne Price (in the Mozart album and Prima Donna album) is very beautiful and unlike any other. Jessye Norman, the African-American diva, had sung the Countess in the Davis recording and she is amazing in that one, adding a very regal tone. Her young voice had not yet become too Wagnerian. Kiri Te Kenawa has always been considered a fantastic Countess and overall Mozart soprano. Some like Margaret Price, who is also an accomplished Mozart heroine singer, as well as Carol Vaness who adds a luxurious, deep, full lyric and yet nuanced voice to her Countess or Donna Anna. Renee Fleming's career was launched because before she became too full of herself she knew just how to sing the Countess to the most technically brilliant detail. Look for a good Countess and Susanna and you'll have yourself a good Figaro. Me I like Karl Bohm and Giulini as well as the Solti version and the one with Teresa Stratas as Susanna and Sena Jurinac, a supreme Mozart soprano of the old-school, as the Countess.t thing in his performance. This is the same thing he did with his Don Giovanni on two other recordings - with Bohm and with Ferenc Fricsay. He is not trying, however, to sound as elegant, smooth-toned and lilting as the others in the cast and some listeners enjoy the masculine beauty of baritone sounds which Dieskau overlooks in favor of dramatic vitality and pure camp. This was usually his style though (except in the purely lyric Lieder he sang a lot) but if you're a fan of Dieskau this is one of his classic performances and he totally understood the comic potential of the character that, along with Figaro, provide for comedy which is what Figaro is at heart. HERMANN PREY is a very refined baritone singer playing up the seriousness of Figaro's character rather than the comic element. Figaro is cunning and intelligent and the way Hermann Prey sings it is also intelligently done and well-studied. Problem is he overdid it, much like Dieskau overdid the campiness of the Count, and so he sounds more like a nobleman himself than a funny, cunning, smiling, low-brow comedy servant. But every aria and scene with Hermann Prey is a wonderful treat for the ears. He is still considered to be among the best interpretors of Figaro.    GUNDULA JANOWITZ is no Elisabeth Schwarzkopf and in fact takes on an entirely different approach to the role of the Countess, long considered a fine debut for a serious opera singer that if sung successfuly can launch that soprano's meteroic career. It did just that for Janowitz but she had already sung full lyric roles and became an accomplished singer of German Lieder. Schwartzkopf was a perfectionist but at least she was able to emote as she sang and live her roles and her Countess was the stuff legends were made of, a warmer, more poignant and heartwarming Countess you'll be hard-pressed to find. Janowitz does not take this approach. She is not singing with any hint of emotion or warmth. Her Countess does not sound sad, not even when she is referring to her husband's lack of love for her!! Janowitz has a cool, leisurely voice with a floating effect. There is a kind of cold Netherlands royal tone to her voice, but there is no depth, real color and nuance. For me, it's Janowitz who is miscast, not Dieskau who knew the significance of the hamming it up part. A very poignantly performed Countess is always needed in Figaro but Janowitz is too distant and her voice sounds too ethereal and detached to cut it for me. When she sings, she's on another level, rising higher than the voice seems to call for, making it seem as if the Countess is some kind of goddess. That being said, she still has glorious moments of stunning lyricism and heavenly angelic beauty, especially when paired with Edith Mathis equally angelic voice (as in the Letter Due \\"Sull's Aria\\") it's absolutely spiritual! EDITH MATHIS' Susanna is unrivaled. She is also the one singer that really tries to sound Italian and especially in the talky recitatives in which she uses laughter or surprise in the voice. She has a beautiful, soubrette-ish voice that is perfectly suited to the ingenue role of Susanna. The thing is the irony is that Susanna has even more to sing than the Countess, and Edith Mathis sounds as if she's never done a bigger role than this one. But she mastered it! Finally Tatiana Troyanos. It's really she's who's the best singer on here and everyone seems to agree. Her dark, deep mezzo voice fully convinces us that she's playing the part of a man (Cherubino) and moreover, a young man experiencing adolescent passions. Troyanos has a very Italian voice and she is wonderful in everything she sings in this. It's a pity that Bohm does not care to showcase her voice and whenever she's on, it's far too fleeting a moment. Other conductors have captured more of a touching portrayal of Cheruino who can become a very significant character. Bohm does not seem to care for Tatiana on the count that she's the baby next to all the experienced German singers. And Troyanos was indeed the ingenue in this recording made very early in her operatic career as a mezzo.    \\"Shawshank Redepmtion\\": The score/soundtrack to the 1994 movie Shashawnk Redemption starring Morgan Freeman and Tim Robbins used the duet \\"Sull' aria\\" also known as \\"Che Souave Zeffireto\\" sung by Gundula Janowitz and Edith Mathis from this very album. In the scene, Andy (Tim Robbins) has established a prison library that besides books features LP recordings. He discovers a record of Le Nozze Di Figaro and puts it on, turns up the volume and puts it over the loudspeakers so that all people in the prison and the prison yard are able to hear it. This moment is very poignant and touching, the emotional effect enhanced by Morgan Freeman's voice-over \\"I have no idea what those two Italian ladies we're singing about..I'd like to think that they were singing about something so beautiful it couldn't be expressed in words....I'm telling you those two voices sang higher than any one can dare to dream...and for a moment every last man at Shashawnk was free\\".....Because Karl Bohm and his orchestra approached this duet at a slow and lingering pace, this duet has long become famous for its sublime feeling and its sheer beauty. It's absolutely spiritual. A lot of operaphiles even purchase this recording to have access to this Duet in their own homes. It's the best performed \\"Sull'aria\\" ever. In  the opera, Susannah and the Countess are alone in her room and are thinking about writing a letter for the Count, with the intent of deceiving him and entrapping him in the garden where the Countess will reveal her true identity as the woman he thought he was pursuing romantically. Joking around, the Countess and Susannah write \\"a song to the wind\\", and talk about how they will catch the Count in the \\"little forest under the pines\\". Other Figaro recordings, such as Solti, Muti, Levine and others make the mistake of speeding up the tempi in this duet and breeze right through it, making the duet seem very insignificant and boring. Bohm recognized the beauty of this duet and the tempi is just right, not plodding at all, and showcases the women's voices with flair, passion and again a touch of the spiritual. Giulini, too, however, was smart enough to slow down the pace of this duet and the Countess of Elisabeth Schwarzkopf and Susanna of Anna Moffo are also finely showcased in a very similar way. The two duets of both recordings are sumptuous and touching, but Bohm's version sets up the voices very high in the Heavens.    There are many Figaros on recording and it's an opera that is beloved by the opera recording industry. You're spoilt for choice. Some Figaro recordings are very boring since without any real color to the score the entire thing can sound like the same tune. Avoid Sir Neville Marriner's version or Ricardo Muti's which can indeed fall into this category of the bland and boring. By common assessment, the most loved versions are Giulini's and Bohm's. Some prefer the Kleiber version of the mid 1950's. The modern recordings dating from the 1970's, 1980's and 1990's contained improved sound quality and singers who added a more unique and more human/realistic interpretation. Often these singers stand out from the rest of their co-stars. The Countess of Leontyne Price (in the Mozart album and Prima Donna album) is very beautiful and unlike any other. Jessye Norman, the African-American diva, had sung the Countess in the Davis recording and she is amazing in that one, adding a very regal tone. Her young voice had not yet become too Wagnerian. Kiri Te Kenawa has always been considered a fantastic Countess and overall Mozart soprano. Some like Margaret Price, who is also an accomplished Mozart heroine singer, as well as Carol Vaness who adds a luxurious, deep, full lyric and yet nuanced voice to her Countess or Donna Anna. Renee Fleming's career was launched because before she became too full of herself she knew just how to sing the Countess to the most technically brilliant detail. Look for a good Countess and Susanna and you'll have yourself a good Figaro. Me I like Karl Bohm and Giulini as well as the Solti version and the one with Teresa Stratas as Susanna and Sena Jurinac, a supreme Mozart soprano of the old-school, as the Countess.
0061562408|5.0|Incredible book!  I was hooked from the 3rd page!  A funny, sensitive, heart warming story that deals with life, death, and all the things that we humans go through, told through the perspective of a dog.  There are life lessons that we all can learn.  Pick this up - you won't be disappointed!
0671799320|5.0|Everybody who works in the Oil Market should read this book! It's a complete story about the development of this Market!
0316010669|3.0|First, let me say that this is a good book.  It's well worth your time to read.  I don't think that it's as good as the Tipping Point though.  This one seems to go a little longer than what is necessary maybe.  It seems to be like Mr. Gladwell is trying to stretch it out a bit.  The good thing about all of it though, is that it is a very quick read, and you won't have a lot of time invested into it.  So definitely pick this one up, you won't regret it!
0525950079|3.0|This book is enjoyable as an addendum to [[ASIN:0451207149 The Pillars of the Earth]], but could not possibly stand alone on its own. The entire plot of Pillars is laboriously rehashed, element by element, and virtually every main character from this book has a direct Pillars equivalent. Worst of all, we are often lamely reminded of the characters' direct descent from the Pillars characters, in cheap romance-novel fashion.<br /><br />*SPOILER ALERT*<br /><br />How bad are the similarities? Well, put it this way: There's a character, Ralph, who is an amalgamation of William Hamleigh and Richard from Pillars, and he even organizes the forest's outlaws (just as Richard did).<br /><br />Other complete knockoffs:<br />Merthin = Jack Builder (down to the red hair)<br />Caris = Aliena (her and Merthin are even kept apart in near-identicle fashion, including Merthin's travel abroad)<br />Wulfric = Tom Builder<br />Gwenda = Ellen (though this is less so)<br /><br />And on and on and on.<br /><br />On the positive side, this book makes an even stronger case for laissez-faire classical liberalism in not-so-subtle examples. This is particularly curious since Follett is a member of the Labour Party, which is socialist, not libertarian-capitalist, in orientation. But it's almost as if Ayn Rand set up some of these plot twists that show the fallibility of central  planning and the blessings of economic freedom.<br /><br />I enjoyed the story, but God, it was long. The end was anything but satisfying. The plot is essentially a succession of events, and the conclusion is anticlimactic. Overall, I think this book was just a way for Follett to make another few million bucks, and in no way approaches the artistry of Pillars. Buyer beware.
031606792X|5.0|I grabbed the first book because I wanted something to read, I ran out and got the 2nd and 3rd, in the series. This one was worth the wait. I loved the book, I loved how she brings all the ties together..I was sorry to see that this was then end of the series, I will miss my friends. She did a terrific job....     I can't wait for Edwards story.. Thanks Stephenie...
B001B2U1AA|4.0|This is not actually a \\"set\\" of these two fantastic comedies. Rather, it's the Holy Grail Collector's Edition (a very nice boxed 2-DVD set), shrink-wrapped together with the Life of Brian Immaculate Edition (another 2-DVD set in a standard plastic case). It's a good value, saving you $9 over the cost of purchasing both separately. And the packaging for the Holy Grail discs is especially nice (it includes the script of the movie in paperback format, and a few other goodies).    If you're a Python fan, this is a terrific value. Even if you already have one of the movies, this might be worth picking up just for the items included in the Holy Grail box.
0060899220|4.0|In this culinary memoir, Bourdain has a pitch-perfect narrative style that is compelling in its complete and utter honesty and brashness. He doesn't hold back in the least; curses and sexual references spill forth from every sentence. He is full of charisma and expertise in his industry, and pulls back the curtain to show us the backbones of our restaurant business: the dishwashers, cooks, waiters...all of it is laid bare for us to look at. It is his very expertise that makes some of the chapters dry - his wording can get technical and uninteresting. The best parts are when Bourdain speaks so eloquently that we realize that food is more than what we put in our mouths - he has completely turned my personal philosophies and ideas about food upside down. I will never again eat at a restaurant without thinking of all the backstage drama taking place just feet away from my table. He has tempted my palate with ideas of truffles and wines; I want to become more daring because of his writings. A master in the kitchen, and now of the written word.
B0014Z4OQG|1.0|This movie really isn't very good.  The shaky-cam conceit is annoying, the plot makes no sense, and it's incredibly difficult to care about any of the self-centered yuppies that the movie revolves around.  Sadly, it was the center of so much Geek Anticipation prior to it's release that nobody dared say anything bad about it.  Still, the fact remains that I've yet to meet a single person that wanted to see this thing a second time.
0385338082|3.0|Surprisingly laugh-out-loud in its entirety, Kinsella further extends her pastiche for chick lit in this decent piece about lies and their consequences. That message is decidedly transparent and unsubtle, yet the heroine, Emma, is intriguingly relatable and funny. Her interactions with people around them are humorous and come close to the Department of Deadpan. It was also nice to see a somewhat strong, middle-class female character in the midst of hundreds of books in the same genre that deal with impossibly unreal women. Emma is an every woman. Thus, the novel succeeds in portraying a larger than life situation that would otherwise be unrealistic. However, the male protagonist is a bit ridiculous, as is the premise and the ultimate outcome. The requisite \\"happy ending\\" would have been nicer if it weren't so expected and rote. Every character gets their just desserts, be it good or bad. Kinsella gives us no surprises, yet she does deliver humor that is fresh and fun.
159562015X|5.0|I found this book and survey easy to use. I thought it was very insightful!
031606792X|5.0|This is the fourth book in the Stephenie Meyer Twilight series.  I've loved every one of these books.  In this book, she continued to surprise and delight me with events happening that I hadn't thought of.  She is a great story teller.  With so much publicity, I don't think I need to say much about the plot.  I think it's best when the reader can be surprised.  I will say it has a happy and wonderful ending.  It is a long book, 754 pages, but I didn't want it to end.<br /><br />I think anyone who likes romance novels should read this series.  Briefly it is about teenagers: Bella is a human, Edward is a vampire, Jacob is a shape-shifting human/wolf.  Although the vampires prefer human blood, they refrain from it and drink from wild animals in the woods.  Therefore, the vampires are able to live among humans without killing them.<br /><br />The books in order are: Twilight, New Moon, Eclipse, and Breaking Dawn I gave every one of them 5 stars.  The fifth book Midnight Sun has not been published but the preliminary draft is available on the author's website.  Twilight is told from Bella's point of view. Midnight Sun is a retelling of the first book from Edward's point of view.<br /><br />Sexual language: none.  Number of sex scenes: some happen but they are referred to rather than being shown, to keep within the young adult genre.  Setting: current day Forks, Washington.  Copyright: 2008.  Genre: young adult paranormal romance, vampire, werewolf.
0061122416|5.0|I bought 2 of these books as a gift for students entering college as part of a required reading before the semester starts.   Purchase price beat all the local bookstores.
031606792X|1.0|I'm a twilight mom, and I was really disappointed.   One: It was too long - and not Book 7 Harry Potter long, or even Gone with the Wind long. This was a bad long and hundreds of pages should have been edited out.  Two: The ending was a bit idealistic. The thing I loved most about the book was the fact that Bella was just your average teenage girl. Then she ends up perfect with the perfect husband, perfect child, and perfect life? Hmmm.  Three: It took way too long for the plot to get exciting, and once it did...it just died in the last 50 pages. Kind of a weak ending.     Loved the first three books and have re-read each a lot. And I was hoping this last book would be better than all. But honestly, it's by far the worst one.  Sigh.
B000RPTQ1C|4.0|Has it all gone `pete tong' for Coldplay ? There are instrumental tracks, long 7 mins tracks, tracks that change tempo and tone half way through.  This is certainly their most experimental album.<br /><br />It's as though they raided their own album collection and referenced different styles that they liked i.e. 42 has piano riffs like john lennon's - imagine, lovers in japan is like 80's pop, yes - take's off nico's venus in furs.<br /><br />It's an album that's not as easy to get into as their previous ones, but good never the less.
0143038583|5.0|a thoroughly enjoyable read that spans the history of our eating behavior, to the prevalence of corn in our current diet, and one man's journey to reconnect with nature.  his personal dilemna with eating meat after learning about the industrial process of meat production and his thought process in rationalizing his decision was the most interesting part.  i highly recommend it
B000GX57YK|5.0|Although HD DVD lost the HD war, I still love it.  The Italian Job looks great on a 1080p TV.
0743290119|1.0|I gave up about 50 pages into the book.  I started skipping through and just read the ending.  Trashy.  A 2008 looking for Mr. Goodbar.  If you want to read it, get it from the library.
B000002P2V|4.0|This was the last Who album with Keith Moon and the band was in transition. Always in search of an identity, the band was caught in their glorious past yet still trying to blaze a trail of change musically.  Townsend's swipe at disco (Sister Disco) validated his visionary tendencies on what direction the music was heading.  He knew disco was a dead end and that if music in the rock genre was going to survive it would have to find a new path (The Music Must Change).  Entwistle's look into the future (905) envisioned a brave new world.  But in this world would the music survive?  The Who leaves up to the listener to decide.
031606792X|1.0|When I first picked up Twilight, I was impressed.  I immediately began recommending it to my friends, who were doubtful but said they may give it a shot someday.  Thank God they thought twice, because New Moon was only a good read if you've been in Bella's shoes, and Eclipse was cringe-worthy enough to make me almost--ALMOST--give up on the series altogether.<br /><br />After Breaking Dawn, I am immensely grateful most of my friends had better things to do, because I would NOT want to be responsible for recommending a series this shoddily written.<br /><br />My dislike for Eclipse and New Moon aside, Breaking Dawn was truly awful.  Let's forget about the happy ending for a moment.  Set aside the bizarre and abrupt change of target audience (because, truly, this should have been an adult fiction novel as opposed to YA) and genre (sci-fi halfway through the FOURTH book in a supernatural series? come on).  Let's talk about the literary problems.<br /><br />Most noticeably:  the characters.  Never before has Jasper been called Jazz; where in God's name did that come from?  Why was Bella suddenly, even before the vampire transformation, graceful and beautiful and faultless?  Where oh WHERE did the intense desire for a baby come from, when previously her only concern was being at Edward's side?  There was absolutely no fear on this 18 year-old mother's part; simply, \\"No, I MUST have this baby, and I am going to disregard Edward's opinion, despite the fact I practically worshiped every syllable that fell from his lips in previous novels.\\"<br /><br />Put simply, the characterization was all over the place, did not connect with the previous three novels, and was downright horrid.<br /><br />Second, why is Jacob suddenly narrating to us?  One could argue he did so at the end of Eclipse, but it was the epilogue.  The END.  This in no way sets up for his point of view in Breaking Dawn.  If Meyer wanted to use his POV, she should have done so from Twilight.  Even New Moon!<br /><br />Granted, his narration was a relief compared to Bella's, but it wasn't set up to be this way from previous novels.  If Meyer wanted to include his POV, she should have either introduced the concept far earlier and more consistently, or she should have written the novel in third person.  It's that simple.<br /><br />Thirdly, where were her editors?  There were so many errors littered throughout the novel that it was painful to keep plodding through.  If the errors are more noticeable than the bizarre plot twists, this is a bad sign.<br /><br />On more personal opinions and less literary--what was with the names?  Renesmee?  Carlie was a much better name, but Renesmee?  NESSIE?  Meyer is trying to convince me that these loving (?) parents WANTED their daughter to be nicknamed after a monster?  How cruel is that?  There are some real cases where kids are named Bus Route #16, and that is admittedly heartbreaking, but how is naming your child after a well-known monster much better?<br /><br />The switch from vampires to sci-fi was jarring.  The fact Meyer was ignoring the laws she'd set up in previous novels was also annoying.  It almost felt like she was saying, \\"My readers lap up anything; they can't possibly remember what I said about vampire reproduction before!\\"  Honestly, how insulting is that?<br /><br />And finally, I really don't care what an author's religion or lack thereof is.  But when it shows through and it's a central part of the plot, it comes off like the author pushing her views on the reader.  Orson Scott Card wrote Lost Boys, which blatantly takes place in the midst of a Mormon family.  His spin-off series to Ender's Game carries hints of his religion, but also the simple need for the human race to procreate and continue developing their species.<br /><br />Breaking Dawn is neither about Mormons nor about perpetuating the human race, but maybe it should have been.  If I hadn't known Meyer's religion beforehand, I could have hazarded a safe, accurate guess by now.  And as I said, I don't care what an author's religion may or may not be--I just don't want it screaming in my face when I'm reading fiction that has NOTHING to do with it.<br /><br />Twilight should have ended with Twilight.  End of story.  (PLEASE.)t be--I just don't want it screaming in my face when I'm reading fiction that has NOTHING to do with it.    Twilight should have ended with Twilight.  End of story.  (PLEASE.)
1590171993|5.0|One of the best works of fiction of the post war era. Williams does not get his propers. He is a little-known literary giant who deserves wide readership.
031606792X|2.0|SPOILERS AHEAD IF YOU HAVEN'T READ IT:    I thought Breaking Dawn did not fit with the other three novels at all in terms of character or plot. In the other books there were these huge risks, struggles and sacrifices for the characters to suffer through and then in Breaking Dawn it was like those things never happened. Bella got the dream life (Edward, baby, immortality), everything became perfect, everything magically and boringly fell into place and Edward turned into a completely unsexy middle-aged father type.  Seriously, he was not hot in this book at all.  Where was the Edward from Twilight?     Other ridiculous parts:    - The Volturi basically said \\"you make a great point, we will leave now.\\"  Just like that. TONS of build up for NOTHING.  The end was unbelievably anti-climactic.     - The name Renesemee is ridiculous and I don't think she belonged in the book at all.     - Jacob imprinting on Renesemee: How creepy and convenient.  Now he can't be a bother to Edward and Bella anymore. Just like that. The Edward/Bella/Jacob conflict that is central to the series just gets dismissed at the drop of a hat.    Things I did like:     - Seth: He was super cute and adorable with his loyalty to Jacob     - Leah:  She became part of a family again with Jacob's pack. (Jacob should have imprinted on Leah!)     - The Romanians and their bloodlust were pretty funny.    - Edward biting the pillows. (Kind of immasculating, but still hilarious.)
0307394549|5.0|These cookies never fail.  I love the beautiful picture for every recipe, and the picture index at the front.  This book is perfect for a cookie-aholic.
031606792X|5.0|I loved this \\"final\\" book, mostly because it becomes immediately apparent upon finishing it that we have only begun to delve into this amazing world Stephenie Meyer has created.  Now I just want to live long enough (I'm 61 and proud of it) to read it all.    I think the author did everything right.  Bella and Edward are two of the most believable lovers in any universe ever, and lovely Jacob, and all their other friends and family.  Makes me want to pull up stakes and head for the Pacific Northwest, just on the off chance...oh, probably not.  I wondered if, when our young lovers finally \\"got together\\" in the truly carnal sense, it would work.  And boy, did it.    Don't get me wrong, I like a well written sex scene as much as the next woman.  And Ms. Meyer manages to convey the intensity of their true passion for each other without all the details which would truly not be appropriate for these books; for details, we can go elsewhere.  But I don't feel like I lost any sense of their relationship and it's potency despite the taste with which those scenes were handled.  Unlike other authors of initially popular series (who shall remain nameless), who chose to go for debauchery at the expense of all else including story and character (yes, I too loved the early Anita Blake books; I'm no prude, but give an old lady a break and please, keep your therapy sessions to yourself, I so don't care!).    I saw a lot of complaints about Ms. Meyer \\"just tying everything together\\".  Well, duh.  What was she supposed to do?  Did you truly want a bloody battle?  Who would you have sacrificed?  For the story created here, she tied up her endings perfectly.  In fact, I saw no endings, only new beginnings and the future looks bright indeed.    Like I said, let me live long enough to enjoy the further adventures of Bella, Edward, Alice, Jacob, Renesmee (have to admit I hate that name, but that's my only complaint), all of the Cullens and their friends, old and new.  And I certainly hope tobe there cheering Stephan and Vladimir on when the Volturi finally do fall.  It should be an interesting ride.     Way to go, Stephenie Meyer.  Don't make us wait too long, please.
B0016CP1TQ|5.0|I was listening MIKE radio in Boston and heard a long version that included lines \\"I'm not going to write you a love LETTER....\\" in addition to the eponymous \\"Love Song.\\" Where is that extended and augmented version, pretty sure it runs past the 4:20 or so on the album.    Anyone familiar with THAT version??
031606792X|3.0|My complaints with this book don't have anything to do with the plot or characters.  I mean, what were you people expecting?  It's a teenage romance series...of course everything is going to work out perfectly.  I wasn't disappointed with the way this series ended because I wasn't expecting great literature.  It is what it is.<br /><br />What I am disappointed with, however, is the sloppy editing that went into this book.  I have found several very obvious errors.  I'm assuming that the editing job was sloppy because the publishers pushed up the release date in order to have a midnight release before school started.  It's unfortunate that they had to sacrifice quality to do that.  I'm not a grammar nazi or anything, but there are so many errors, it's distracting.
B0013FXWU6|1.0|There might be blood, but you might sleep through it.  While the acting is superb, the storyline in this film leaves much to be desired.  When I finished watching this one, the first thought that came to me was \\"that's it\\"?
031606792X|1.0|if you want to read a book that is pro-abusive relationships (why read this one when you could just read the first three?), pro-isolating yourself from your family, pro-passive involvement in your own life, and full of teen sex, teen marriage, and teen pregnancy that at the same time vehemently opposes UNMARRIED teen sex, look no further.  this book has everything- creepy werewolf-to-human pedophilia, a woman having a baby bitten out of her, an anti-abortion slant, and terrible, terrible writing.<br /><br />i started reading these books out of morbid curiosity and determined that they were written for people who have no lives and have never been in love, and was appalled at the unhealthy, abusive, obsessive relationship that meyer portrays as \\"romantic\\" for teenage girls.  the bad writing was funny at first, but by the third book, i grew increasingly frustrating with meyer introducing major plots and then trailing off before the climax to talk about how edward and bella are obsessed with each other.  i read \\"breaking dawn\\" out of a sense of obligation, and... wow.<br /><br />girls, stephanie meyer gives you this advice: abandon your friends and family, connect your self-worth and self-esteem to a man's feelings for you, tolerate an obsessive partner who stalks you in your sleep and disables your car engine to prevent you from doing something he doesn't want you to do, makes you feel like a slut for having sexual urges as a teenager, speaks to you only \\"condescendingly\\" and \\"angrily\\" and \\"sarcastically\\".  you get bonus points if the person is someone you meet within the past two weeks.  and remember, tolerate this only if he is beautiful and dazzling, because physical beauty is the most important thing in the world.  oh, and don't have sex before marriage, but get married as early as possible so you can have rough violent unprotected sex, get pregnant, and give birth to a child even if it almost kills you.<br /><br />also, it's okay to string along and lead on a guy you call your best friend, as long as you later set him up on a date with your baby.nd, as long as you later set him up on a date with your baby.
031606792X|1.0|I loved the first three books and after reading this one I almost felt like someone else wrote this book. In the first few chapters Bella was having nightmares about the Volturi and a mysterious baby.  What ever happened to Edward being able to see Bella's dreams? She was even able to lie to him about what she was dreaming about. Hello! - Edward can see what Bella is dreaming about and someone forgot about that when they were writing this book.  Bella even made a comment about Edwards ability to see her dreams when she was holding a sleeping Nessie and she could see what Nessie was dreaming about - she recollected the times Edward looked over her when she was sleeping.     I wanted so much more from this book and it seemed ridiculous that this series had a fairy tale ending. I kept on expecting twists in the story - like when Bella was dying after giving birth to Nessie I thought maybe Jake would be tempted to turn her into a werewolf (before Edward got a chance to turn her into a vamp) to save her life. I also thought for sure there would have been a fight - what was the point of gathering the super powers together \\"to witness\\" and learning about their strengths if all of these people were just going to walk away?    It was a huge disappointment.
6304806434|5.0|Following hot on the heels of The Rock, this is another slice of top dollar action. The situations are daft but every last piece of excitement is drawn out. You will not be bored - this is fast entertaining fun.<br /><br />[[ASIN:1906669023 Sherlock Holmes and the Flying Zombie Death Monkeys]]
B0012Q732O|1.0|I had to request a replacement CD when the first one that was shipped stopped halfway through the movie.  Also, most CD's are labeled, this one was blank!  Not what was expected from Amazon.
B0013D8LCW|5.0|What an amazing film!  Finally, a movie with a gay theme that didn't have the typical stereotypes.  Trevor Wright and Brad Rowe were authentic-believable!  Some of the dialogue was a little weak in some areas but not enough to detract from the overall enjoyment of the film - you felt for the characters, you felt like you knew them.  I hope more good films like this will be produced.  A must see!
031606792X|2.0|I don't want to include any spoilers, but much of my disappointment with the book has been mentioned in other reviews. Overall, the transition of the main characters was too quick and unbelievable. Loose ends were conveniently dealt with which was not fair to the characters that I have grown to love in the first three books. Perhaps the readers that give this book five stars wanted a completely happy ending, no matter how unbelievable.
B0018O4YSQ|5.0|I am glad I waited to buy this on Blu Ray. It's a great movie and the Video and Sound quality in this Blu Ray disc are EXCELLENT
B000TLMWMY|5.0|This is Johnny at his best with some of the biggest names in music. It's fine stuff and includes some superb people at their very peak, not to mention Mr Cash himself on good form.<br /><br />Considering what you get here, this is a must buy. I've watched it several times already and some songs way more than that. A great DVD.<br /><br />[[ASIN:1906669023 Sherlock Holmes and the Flying Zombie Death Monkeys]]
031606792X|1.0|This book was disgusting on so many levels. Sex that leaves Bella battered and bruised?<br /><br />Edward offering his wife up to another man? (without her consent at that!)<br /><br />Bella drinking human blood- the smell of which used to make her faint? Why didn't the human blood in the house affect Jasper or the rest of the Cullen/Hale clan (SM- you do realize that when the baby is in \\"Mommie's Tummy\\" it doesn't really mean tummy- right?  It would have been faster and more efficient to give blood via the iv. The blood drinking was clearly for effect and it was pathetic.)<br /><br />Then there's the Hybrid Baby.  25 chromosomal beings cannot mate with 23 chromosomal beings, and if they did- it wouldn't result in a 24 chromosomal being. And if it was Edward's venom that got her pregnant, then the change should have happened then as well.  She would have been bleeding since it was her first time- easy point of entry for the venom.<br /><br />And then the deus ex machina of Jacob imprinting on a fetus?  Seriously? This book was TRASH. DON'T WASTE YOUR MONEY.  DO NOT give Steph Meyer another cent. This book was unforgivably violent and graphic. It was poorly written, it has multiple things that are in direct contradiction to other things she has said about the vampire world and is so poorly edited.<br /><br />She claims that she doesn't know who Embry's father is because the characters keep secrets from her.  She was \\"surprised\\" at Edward's willingness to offer his wife up to Jacob- she couldn't believe \\"how far gone\\" he was.  Take some responsibility, Mrs. Meyer.<br /><br />[...]
0385340990|5.0|This novel is charming, funny, sad, and picturesque, among other adjectives that escape my fingers at the moment.  I purchased the book based on the reviews right here on Amazon.com -- so glad I did.  (I have made other less fortunate purchases in the past!)<br /><br />Set in post-WWII, the main character, Juliet, is a female author in search of a subject for her next work.  Due to fate or happenstance, she is introduced, through a letter, to the residents of Guernsey of the Channel Islands.  That introduction sets the stage for the rest of the story, which is told through a series of letters, notes, and telegrams between Juliet, her publishing staff, her best friend, and her new Guernsey friends.<br /><br />I am not sure whether to characterize the book as a love story, a historical perspective, a travel book???  All of that and more?<br /><br />I am now ready to book my vacation to the Channel Islands!  The book was entirely a pleasure from cover to cover, and left me wanting more!
0061537934|5.0|First of all, I have to say that I love this book!!  I did not read any reviews on Amazon prior to checking the book out because I did not want preconcieved ideas.  All I knew was from a brief synopsis I had read in a magazine that said this was a book for dog lovers.  I first started reading this book and was immediately captured by how real the author told the story from a dog's point of view.  I felt like I was inside of Enzo watching and listening to him.  It was amazing the way he wrote to make me feel such realism.  I truly felt pain and anguish when Enzo did and of course spent a fair amount of time crying.  As I said at the beginning of my review that I thought this book would only be for dog lovers (which I am) but I could easily see anyone reading this book and falling in love with an animal shortly after finishing.    While obviously a work of fiction, the bond that an owner shares with their pet is strong, and this book showcased that.  I know that I constantly look to my dogs for companionship, love, and trust.  They will never let me down.  I highly recommend this book to anyone who enjoys reading, not just pet owners.  You will finish it with a feeling of contentment and wishing Enzo had puppies to carry on their father's story.
B00005RYL2|5.0|This is the type of movie you can't help but enjoy. It's daft but a great spectacle, plus it has Sean Connery, good one liners and the action rocks. What more can you want?<br /><br />[[ASIN:1906669023 Sherlock Holmes and the Flying Zombie Death Monkeys]]
031606792X|5.0|I'm going to make this as short as possible, please read through this review, it is fair and as truthful as possible. I am not going to say I totally disagree with the reviewers below me. That would be pretty unfair because everyone is entitled to their opinion, and to be honest when looked at in a certain light the reviewers are right. However, I will say, hopefully without any offense, the reviewers below me are looking at the book in the totally wrong light. Be prepared for the classic fight to return. The one that most fantasy books have faced.       These books are FANTASY, that is how they need to be looked at. When you are looking at the books realistically, no they aren't always right, the decisions are not rational, the whole storyline isn't. But it's not supposed to be. Who knows, if our world had vampires and and people with special powers and brains on a different \\"frequency\\", we might make the same decisions. If our world was like that I imagine our whole outlook on everything would change. I would be like trying to compare our world today to our world 150 years ago, or to put it short, a completely different world. The same rules would not apply    I know I promised this wouldn't be long. Just a little bit more. From what I can remember of the posts below I will give my short rebuttal. I believe Bella was a mature adult. It says in the books she basically took care of her mother, that she was more like the mom. Her mom also says she was always mature for her age, a \\"middle aged teenager\\". The imprinting thing is supposed to be magical, kind of going back to my first statement, it is also uncontrollable. Furthermore Bella and Edward had a very human reaction. For Edward and for his time period it was not weird at all for him to be married at that age.     All in all, I was very happy with how this book came together. It wasn't heartbreaking, like perhaps the deathly hallows, but it was a good conclusion. It left me smiling and slowly placing the bookdown knowing that my newfound friends were ready to face life together. Knowing they would be ok, whatever they found.
1577314808|5.0|I have listened to this book 5 times on audio and have now purchased to read and highlight my favorite insights. The teachings have increased my pre-existing faith and I thank God for sending me this message when He did.
031606792X|2.0|What kept me reading the first three books is missing in Breaking Dawn:  the intimate conversations and interaction between Bella and Edward.  Meyer is at her finest when providing detailed, minute descriptions of their interplay (to include hand placement and eye rolling).  They're what made a vampire/human relationship seem possible and fascinating.  I kept waiting for the new parents to marvel together over their daughter and for the couple to share their joy and delight as Bella explored her new life as a vampire--I feel that these moments were sacrificed for the advancement of the plot.  Miss Stephenie, if you're reading this, please bring back the romance, the intensity and intimacy, in Midnight Sun!
0784011206|4.0|Although the next two Rambo movies get progressively sillier, this is a good movie that has a surprisingly moving finale.<br />Apart from the bull headed attitudes of the local cops, we see a veteran who is a genuine guy. And we see him hurting. The final scenes, after tremendous destruction and skills with violence, are thought provoking and emotional.<br />A surprisingly thoughtful movie.<br /><br />[[ASIN:1906669023 Sherlock Holmes and the Flying Zombie Death Monkeys]]
B000FDFSFY|5.0|i was very pleased with  the quick delivery and the condition of the merchandise.
0143113100|1.0|I'm a big fan of Oliver Sacks, and a fellow Sacks fan recommended this book. But in my humble opinion, Doidge makes his fascinating subject amazingly dull. I agree with another reviewer who said this book reads like a sales pitch. The personal stories are rambling, repetitive, and unscientific. I left my half-read copy on an airplane to lighten my carry-on luggage.
0307386171|5.0|Anyone who has read a novel by Ian McEwan will not be surprised to discover that the language the author adopted to craft On Chesil Beach is flawless. Even as the prose urges the story forward, the reader is compelled to linger over the beautiful passages, the taut, lovely sentences and the crisp dialogue that mark McEwan as one of the master writers of our time. And, while each novel develops its own unique and curious plot, (consider the shocking end of Amsterdam or the bittersweet lesson at the heart of Atonement), each also shares a universal theme. McEwan's stories are all driven by the human desire to ponder the imponderable: \\"If only.\\"    On Chesil Beach is no exception. The two main characters, Edward and Florence, are celebrating the evening of their marriage. The story begins on the night of their honeymoon, two virgins, each insecure in the knowledge of what will soon happen. Much of the novel lingers over their thoughts and anxieties, their memories and anticipation. By alternating their two perspectives, McEwan deftly captures the way our spoken words do not always accurately represent what it is we are struggling to communicate. While much of the book concerns this dance between meaning and misunderstanding, there is also action-action that has serious consequences. We glimpse the couples' past, present, and future, perfectly balanced on one moment of consummation.    Perhaps the most compelling aspect of McEwan's writing is his ability to capture the nature of time. Like Proust, McEwan can examine a single moment, filling as many pages as a description of events that have passed over a period of twenty years. It is brilliant prose that conveys a poignant, heart-wrenching love story.    Armchair Interviews says: Read McEwan for both his wonderful stories and superb storytelling.
B0004Z33EQ|3.0|This film has some really funny action but it's all pretty flat as far as reality. No woes - it does what it says on the tin. Lots of crash bang wallop and no shortage of naughty soldiers for Sly to reduce to atoms.<br />Watch out for the world's silliest dogfight and the snottiest Ruskie going. Great fun.<br /><br />[[ASIN:1906669023 Sherlock Holmes and the Flying Zombie Death Monkeys]]
B0013FXWU6|5.0|This is the story of one of the most eccentrically evil and heartless men that has ever been put on film.  DDL exudes the alienation and hatred of a psychotic achiever, who will stop at no humiliation or violence to achieve his goal of building a house as he remembers it from his childhood.<br /><br />The portrait of a raw Texas, shorn of romantic myth, is unbelievably vivid and graphic.  From the silent work that DDL carries out in a dank mine, you get a feeling for the lack of all social structure and decency in the greedy poor.  As he works his way up, he leaves a trail of damaged people in all his achievements.  However, this work of art is no caricature.  The characters are realistic and believable, if uglier than we care to imagine much of our past to have been.<br /><br />DDL creates a truly unique character.  He hates and uses everyone, even the son he adopts, letting no one close, especially women.  His one unguarded moment leads inexorably  to murder.  His alcoholism and seething rage are all that he has, beyond his oil wealth.  It is truly frightening.<br /><br />Recommended.  THis is a true artistic success,  but I would recommend renting it rather than buying it:  you will only want to watch it once.
0345495004|4.0|This particular book has been selected by a member of our book club here in Sun Lakes Arizona.  Previously I read another book on this same subject.   I felt that Nancy Horan was able to convey the feelings of a woman caught up in an affair and falling in love with the well known Frank Lloyd Wright.  Mamah Bothwich Cheney was truly torn between her children and the man she loved.  Unfortunately the path she chose ended up in tragedy for both her and her children.
078322799X|4.0|This is like a cross between \\"Ghost\\" and \\"Ghostbusters\\". Some sligthly scary and mostly amusing parts as Michael J. Fox (Spin City, Back to the Future, Family Ties, etc.) tries to earn a living pretending to eliminate spirits from homes. He has the advantage of three spirits working for him. Peter Jackson (Lord of the Rings, King Kong, Bad Taste, etc.) was instrumental in directing, co-writing, and co-producing this movie. The movie is a rollercoaster moving almost non-stop as Fox realizes he is somehow linked to several new murders in town. The problem is a bazaar FBI agent well played by Jeffrey Combs (Re-Animator, DS-9, Enterprise, etc.) believes he is guilty. Meanwhile the town is going crazy with hauntings as well. Good quality DVD with decent replayability. If you enjoyed this catch \\"An American Werewolf in London\\" and \\"Nightbreed\\". - C. Luster
B0004Z33F0|2.0|This is one silly film. It has such daft gunfights that you long for the realism of Buck Rogers.<br />Passes the time, don't expect luxuries like plot or characters, though.<br /><br />[[ASIN:1906669023 Sherlock Holmes and the Flying Zombie Death Monkeys]]
0316113077|4.0|[[ASIN:0316113077 The Confetti Cakes Cookbook: Spectacular Cookies, Cakes, and Cupcakes from New York City's Famed Bakery]]  This fun cake decorating instruction and cookbook gives detailed techniques and recipes for making the projects shown in the book.  The full page colored pictures are beautiful to look at.  I think anyone with some experience in cake decorating would enjoy this book.
031606792X|5.0|Breaking Dawn wasn't anything like the first three books but I still loved it. Everyone got what they wanted. I really enjoyed the sci-fi feel and the underlining meaning of the book. I am a devote LDS and so is Stephenie Meyer. Family is a huge aspect of the the church. I'm not at all surprised that Edward and Bella completed their family. I feel that the saga ended how it should have. I'm just so depressed that the saga is over.
0783227434|5.0|Bruce Campbell and Sam Raimi were at a pinnacle for this genre making this movie. Nothing comes close in my book of horror comedies. I love all their other work, but this stands the test of time well and will crack most people up whatever their age. This movie is quoted regularly at gatherings of people partying, and it makes a great party movie. AOD is a superb mix of horror movie and comedy. The first two Evil Dead movies although entertaining are mainly horror with less comedy. Many fans adore them although the third in the series was much more to my liking.<br /><br />An S-Mart employee has barely escaped a horrible experience in the woods where his friends were killed and he lost his hand. He has replaced it with a chainsaw attachment and he has a double barreled shotgun as well. Driving his 1973 Oldsmobile as fast as he can he is teleported while trying to escape. He ends up in medieval times and must prove himself to the local Lord by recovering a book of the dead. What ensues is comic genius as he fights skeletons, demons, witches, and himself. Excellent DVD with some extras. If you enjoyed this catch \\"Monty Python and the Holy Grail\\" and \\"Hotshots! Part Deux\\".<br /><br />P.S. I recently bought the HD DVD and it would not play on a DVD player that plays all formats, a region free DVD player, or my PC (locked up DVD player bad and it did not have eject button so that I had to disconnect cables in order to use the PC). I suggest you stay away fron it.<br /><br />CA Luster
6304711891|5.0|This is cracking stuff. Plenty of stunts, good one liners, car chases, gunfights - in fact it's pretty much perfect action cinema. A guaranteed good evening's TV.<br /><br />[[ASIN:1906669023 Sherlock Holmes and the Flying Zombie Death Monkeys]]
0786948523|3.0|The book was all nice, neat, and all that jazz, but 4th ed itself, it just seems to be lacking, I suggest WAIT TILL 4.5. 4.0 feels more like a public test release; Save your money, just wait a little longer. Wizards of the Coast have already released updates for the 3 core books, and some others.  The book has pretty much all the same Monster, some new baddies.<br />There's no Monster descriptions, everything is way too much combat orientated, read more like a Video Game Monster Manual, just stats. The art work was ok, nothing wowing.<br /><br />3 stars cause<br /><br />Goods<br />New ideas<br />New races<br />New Powers<br />New Classes<br />Simplified<br /><br />Bads<br />Little to no customization for PCs, no where near 3.5.<br />Over Simplified everything<br />Confusing over use of words: Basic Melee Attack Bonus, Basic Ranged Attack Bonus, Basic this, Basic that, Power this, Power that, Basic Melee Ranged Power power. you get the idea.<br />All the powers are Combat orientated.<br />Skills are over simplified<br /><br />Why buy something that is out dated already, check wizards of the coast and look for yourself, they've already releasing Updates for all the Core Books.
031606792X|5.0|First of all,I'm not going to state how I felt on specific parts of the book,that is for discussion,and I don't want to ruin anything for anyone.     Before I started reading this book,I wanted to get an idea of what other Twilight fans thought of it. I really didn't think many had finished,I mean,it had only been about an hour or so since it was released and I doubted there would be more than 100 reviews on here. Well,there were far more than a hundred,and to my horror,the rating was a one and a half star! I scrolled down,reading \\"what was Meyers thinking,powerful message destroyed,disappointed,etc,\\"and I thought oh no! It took alot not to read the spoilers,but I managed and proceeded to Ch.1,preparing for the worse.     As soon as I started,I couldn't put it down. Well actually,I did,I mean,I still had to work and sleep,unfortunately. Then of course,I put it down a couple of times due to frustration,annoyance,etc. You might be thinking,\\"wait,what? you were frustrated? how could you possibly have liked it then?!\\"That is exactly why. Meyers once again pulls you in and keeps you,making you forget this is just a book,these are only characters in a story,and instead feeling as if these characters were real,and you were fortunate enough to watch their lives unravel right before your very eyes,being caught up in the frustration,the passion,the love,the anger,the excitement,the hurt,every single emotion of it all. Heck,I even began to love Jacob after reading his part. Believe me,I was no where close to joining Team Jacob,I wanted him out of the picture after Edward's return,but yet,there he was in book 3! I was not happy. And then,here he was again,with his own pov,a huge chunk of the book at that! I was so close to skipping it,but fearing I would miss something big,I continued. I'm sure glad I did. Afterward,I understood him much better,how it was so hard for Bella to let go of him. Shoot,with as many times as he made me laugh,it'd be hard for me to let go of him too!Something else I loved about the book- Bella's growth. Specifically in the third part. It was all about Bella,standing on her own. She was making decisions on her own,without thinking of what Edward would do or say.Her life no longer revolved on just Edward,but now also,more on the ppl around her,strangers,friends,family.I mean,Edward was still a HUGE part of course,but he wasn't the only part. Plus,it was not so focused on just their love,but also on the unexpected,standing together for what's right,for freedom,how being strong,courageous,and having hope pays off in the end.     Others have questioned the reality of it all,the portrayal that one can receive so much happiness,that everything will work out for them;there can be a happily ever after.To which I ask,why not? what's so wrong for fighting for what you believe in and gaining instead of losing? Impossible? I think not.
0714834491|5.0|An amazing effort creating an amazing result.  One of the most remarkable collection of concepts, ideas and observations.    Never fails to nudge the creative mind our of a slump.
B0000YEEGM|5.0|I'm a big fan of Dustin Hoffman and the part he played in this movie was one of his best characters. I can watch this movie over and over and it still brings tears to my eyes.
031606792X|5.0|I recently finished reading BD, and absolutely LOVED it.  I was very disappointed to see so many disapproving comments about the much anticipated ending.  I am 24 years old, and I simply do not get your argument about the \\"wrong message\\" this book sends to young female readers.  Granted, I understand you all are referring to girls much younger than me, but I just don't see a \\"wrong message.\\"      Okay, so maybe the book makes getting married at 18, having a baby, forgoing college, etc. look great.... to girls dating an almost century old vampire. However, it's virtually impossible to even the shallowest of readers to forget that we aren't dealing with your everday high school sweet hearts.  It's FICTION, people.  We're talking vampires, werewolves, and Volturi, oh my!  Between the super power and life expectancy of the vampires and the ability to change into wolves of the Quiellets (sp?), I trust our female youths to realize that they will not find this sort of lifestyle in Anywere, USA.    I'd just like to reiterate that it's FICTION-- not real.  To me, one of the central points of fiction is to offer the reader an escape... an imaginary world that could not exist in the real world.  I just don't see what the uproar is about, it was a great finish!  God forbid a girl fall in love and spend the rest of her existance with a good looking, multi-talented gentleman.    Who knows?  Maybe there was a better message than a lot of you are giving Meyer credit for-- Maybe this will cause young females to up their standards of guys from guys with sagging pants and little ambition and respect for women, and have them looking for more Edward-like qualities.
031606792X|4.0|First and foremost - to anyone who is hesitating on buying the book, based on the negative reviews - I have three pieces of advice:    1. Buy it.  2. Read it.  3. Make up your own mind.    SPOILERS    I had to laugh when reading some of the negative reviews here...there is an amusing amount of grousing going on over the fact that Bella, Edward and their child actually ended up living happily ever after, even though that was really the only way the story could end. Not because many of her readers wanted it that way, but because that is the story Ms. Meyer was telling from the start. No other ending would have worked. The path they took to that conclusion could have taken many different twists and turns, but their final destination was never really in doubt.     In any case, I was very happy with the book, particularly with the development of the pregnancy and with Jacob's imprinting on Renesmee. Why those two events? Because I didn't see them coming, and yet in the end they made perfect sense. It's rather hard to surprise me, but Ms. Meyer did it with style, while remaining true to the story and characters. (As an aside, I thought Bella's reaction to Jacob imprinting on Renesmee was perfect.)    I also loved the way she handled Bella's transformation to a vampire. I thought that she might resort to the blank pages she used to illustrate Bella's \\"down time\\" when Edward left her before, which was fine the first time but would have seemed gimmicky the second. And I certainly didn't want to read through chapters and chapters of description of newborn Bella's uncontrollable thirst. I thought she spent just the right amount of time showing us how Bella's perceptions had changed, and then got on with things.     As one of Ms. Meyer's older fans, I was pleased with the darker tone of this book. However, I did read somewhere that she toned down the violence. I suspect that most of it was pulled from the end, during the Volturi confrontation. I would have liked to have seen things get a little more out of control; in the end that whole meeting seemed a bit too cordial. There were a lot of red shirts she could have killed off.     My only real criticisms of this book are that the first couple of chapters were too slow, and that we didn't get a prologue with Jacob and Renesmee. I am hoping that that is a story she chooses to tell in the future.
B000WGWQG8|5.0|My husband and I did not get to see this series on TV and we are glad we didn't. It is sooo good we viewed it together over the weekend when we received it. If we had had to wait a week between episodes I think my husband would have hurt somebody. Paul G. should definitely get an Emmy and so should Laura L. for her portrayel of Abigail.  If you like history, especially American history, this is a must see and a must have!
B000B8QEZG|5.0|Madonna just never stops bringing it.  It's one thing to make it to the top, it's another thing to stay there and go the distance like she has. 1st time I listened to this CD all I could say was, \\"she delivered again\\".  Thank you Madonna for still giving us tunes to rock it out to over all these years.
B000P0J02E|5.0|This is a great CD, I'm a huge POTC fan.  I listen to it as I run, it really helps me focus and I find myself running longer.  Definitely a good buy if you like soundtracks.
031606792X|1.0|-SPOILERS!-     I don't know what happened to Stephenie Meyer. I don't know why she would break her own rules, I don't know why she would write the main characters to be almost unrecognizable, and I don't know why she would choose a horrid name like Renesmee (which, frankly, sounds exactly like what a crackhead would name their child).     Here's what I do know: This book was a SERIOUS disappointment. Where were the adorably sappy moments between Bella and Edward? Replaced with what? Sex that just made me feel awkward, and the birth of a disturbing and creepy half vampire child...thing?     Where was the sacrifice? And I know, I know, not all books have to have sacrifice. But I don't care if you're a werewolf, a vampire or the Queen of England, falling in love with the object of your affection's daughter is just plain gross! Imprinting or no imprinting! Back to the sacrifice thing though, wasn't the WHOLE point of these books to show that although some choices are hard to make, they're worth it? What did she have to choose between? A family and eternity? No, wait...she got both. Oh, I know! Jacob and Edward! No, actually...she got both. I got it! Saying goodbye to Charlie forever in exchange for the Cullens! Yeah...about that...she's still close to Charlie...Give me a break!     Thirdly, what kind of message is she sending with this book? If you get married at 18, pop out a kid, and break your best friend's heart, everything will still work out as long as you don't go to college and marry someone who has ridiculous mood swings and is completely self loathing? Oh, but it's okay that he hates himself because he's -cue swoon- BEAUTIFUL!     And finally, why, oh why, were the secondary characters SORELY lacking? I got practically NO Esme, WAY less Jasper than I would have liked, and not enough Emmett. (Although, in my opinion, there's never enough Emmett.)     Honestly, I almost cried after I read this. Almost being the operative word here, because I refuse to shed anytears over a woman who completely ruined my view of what used to be my some of my favorite teen literature. For God's sake! I will GLADLY overlook Bella's repulsive (and unnecessary) sarcasm. I am a-okay with ignoring Mrs.Meyer's incredibly repetitive vocabulary. But I will not,nay,CANNOT overlook shoddy characterization and downright silly \\"plot twists\\"!     This was harsh, but...I had to vent. It's either this or burning the god-awful book and roasting marshmallows...at least then it'll be good for something.
B0010OMXKA|5.0|The CD portion was shorter than expected, but the quality of the music/sound is wonderful.  Seeing Bocelli live and in person would be great, but the DVD is the second best thing to it!
0307455378|5.0|Pase mucho tiempo esperando la siguiente obra maestra de Carlos y me alegro de que ha sido todo lo esperado.  Uno de los aspectos mas interesante para mi es ver como el Autor a ido modificando poco a poco su lenguaje, desde un libro como Marina, pasando por La Sombra del Viento y ahora este. Se siente un libro mas maduro y con un enfoque mas fuerte a una audiencia de mayor edad, sin embargo no pierde por esto la capacidad de hacernos sonar y recordar emociones de cuando fuimos ninos.  Luego de leer este libro tuve que reeler la Sombra del Viento y me sirvio para atar algunos cabos sueltos. Les recomiendo este libro, veran el placer que genera....
031606792X|4.0|(DANGER: Spoilers for those who have not read the book.)    As a lover of all things vampire, I enjoyed the series very much. I gave this book \\"four stars\\" since it is the fourth book and it is not perfect. It did not do all that I wanted, but it ended happy. I am happy for that. I would have freaked, if it had ended poorly.    Get a life, all of you that \\"bash\\" the book. The first book was the best of all. You guys already know how it is with a series. The second, third, and others are usually never as good as the first one.    Think of the Cirque de Freak books. I read the first one and now I own all twelve. If I had known what would happen in the last book, I probably would not have purchased 2 - 12. I did not like it. I hated the way it ended. Yes, it gave hope to me, but I did not like how it played out. When I got to a certain part, I tossed the book across the room. I let it stay there until it grew a tree. (Not really.) So is life. So are movies.    I think that book four could have been better, but it ended the thing in a kissie-kissie way. Get over it. No one jammed their hand into your pockets and made you purchase the book. I did get tired of the \\"wordy\\" stuff.     So what, Bells wanted her bell rung. She is young. She is excited. She had her Edward.    My youngest daughter read the first book and \\"sighed.\\" She said, \\"I want my Edward.\\" She wanted the vampire and the romance. She got it.    Last night, I got in at 8:00pm and I stayed up until Midnight, finishing book four. Why? My daughter refused to read it until I had read it, first. She wanted it to end \\"happy.\\" She wanted to know that Bella became a vampire. She wanted Edward and Bella to be in love forever. She wanted to know that Jacob was out-of-the-picture. She wanted it to end \\"happily ever after.\\" IT DID!!! It was a little thick with the sweet-syrup-love, but good.    GREAT BOOK! It is not a \\"five star.\\"
0061150142|5.0|I loved this book since the first page. It sicked me right in. It was beautiful and ugly. I felt something severed from my own life. Jody has such a way of developing characters. This may be my favorite Piccoult book even though I bawled my way through it.
1932100660|5.0|Very well presented research that matches what I've seen traveling around the world.  It also matches what I see with immigrant families and the changes that occur when some adopt the american diet. The western diet needs to change. After reading this book, it was very easy to give up my animal-based diet. Of course, eating out is a challenge, but I'm learning. :-) I'm losing weight and feeling great.
0061139378|5.0|I had to read some Neil Gaiman to get the bad taste of a horrible, previous book out of my mouth. This is Gaiman's Alice in Wonderland served up in a beautiful dark and gothy style. Coraline opens a door in her new flat to discover a slightly twisted version of her own world, where her other parents (with black buttons for eyes) are interesting and interested in her, where she can have anything she wants. It doesn't take long for Coraline to realize that she doesn't want her desires fulfilled. With a black cat and three lost souls, Coraline must save her real parents from her other mother. Gaiman is a master of effortless, complex, and highly imaginative images and tale. He captures the true spirit of childhood and the child's eye of parents and the world. Coraline is more than a dream. It's a poem. Grade: A
1593072937|5.0|I am a huge fan of the Sin City film and since this complete book came with my Collector's Edition DVD set, I finally got around to reading it. It really shows you how much effort was put into making the movie as close as possible to this amazing story. Frank Miller really creates a world that you can fully immerse yourself in. You will feel the grime of Sin City just by looking at the pictures and reading the harsh dialogue. Marv is my favorite character in the movie and we learn a little more about what he is going through and thinking in the graphic novel version. This guy kills almost everyone he comes into contact with (most deserve it), but you will end up caring about him in the end. This is a fantastic read that won't take you more than an hour or so to get through. I'll have to check out the rest of the Sin City series in the near future.
B0017V7GLC|5.0|Although it is not as good all the way through as \\"Witching Hour\\" (my personal favorite), this album is a genuine keeper. They slow down the pace on this record and go for atmosphere instead of punch. That is fine by me; a band should never make the same record over and over.    Admittedly, this album was not catchy upon first listen. There were a few stand out tracks but it needed to extra listens to really sink it. Seeing them live helped too. My favorite songs on Velocifero are:    1. deep blue  2. i'm not scared  3. ghosts  4. tomorrow  5. kletva    Overall, this is a really good album and a great follow up to \\"Witching Hour.\\" Looking forward to whatever they have coming in the next few years.
B0014Z4OQG|3.0|The story is simple, silly even, but the stuff that comes together to make this film is truly ingenious.  Yes its hard to watch, for various reasons, and its not necessarily uplifting and it may loose your interest along the way...and its mainly for monster movie fans...BUT...the creative efforts do pay off in the form of exciting and innovative film making.  The extras that come with the DVD are great and explain how the film makers took the best advantage of their resources including the secrecy during the film making process and how they produced excellent realistic visual effects. This shows how well visual effects can be blended with the story telling, despite the sparse story.  See it if you're a monster fan or visual effects geek.
B0000256KE|4.0|This album signaled the end of the Eno era for Roxy Music.  It was apparent that Eno wanted Roxy to remain quirky and obscure. Ferry had other plans.  This album also ends the Bryan Ferry's stranglehold on the songwriting aspect of the group.  The subsequent releases from Roxy would have more input from Phil Manzanera and Andy MacKay and even one song written with Eno's replacement Eddie Jobson on the 1975 release Siren.  Onto the tracks of this glorious sophmore effort from a great band.<br /><br />The album opens with the great dance track \\" Do The Strand \\".  This song reminds me of those great rock songs of the 50's and 60's . An homage if you will to Chubby Checker or maybe even Sly Stone.  Then we have the exquisite \\" Beauty Queen \\" a song for my part that has to do with a breakup between a guy and the ultimate woman. Then the third track seems to be a suicide note of sorts with the song \\" Strictly Confidential \\".  \\" Editions of You\\" is a modest rocker similar to the \\" Strand \\" in tempo.  The masterpiece of this album is \\" In Every Dream Home A Heartache \\" , a song about a blow up doll.  Can't get any stranger than that subject.  The next track is the scary \\" Bogus Man \\" seems like an ode to Jack the Ripper to me.  One of my personal favorites is the seventh track \\" Grey Lagoons\\" with it 50's style piano playing by Ferry himself.  The final track is the title track \\" For Your Pleasure\\" which is probably one of the best examples of Brian Eno at work. The experimentation on this album is amazing.  As of this writing it is understood that the core 5 members of Roxy Music are in the studio now finishing up their long and eagerly awaited follow up to their last studio album Avalon.  Brian Eno has contributed some material and was working in the studio with the other members 2 years ago.  As a huge fan of this group I hope that Brian Eno will join the Ferry, Manzanera, MacKay and Thompson on a new tour.  It would be nice to see the original line- up on stage.
1582701709|2.0|First and foremost, I am a spiritual individual, but this book, while ever so slightly adheres to my spirit on some aspects, has an impetus of avarice that I must repudiate. Unfortunately, I felt more inundated with examples of application for personal material consumption rather than utilizing the Secret, or power, for altruism, hope, love, peace and prosperity for all. If I am wrong I am sure I will be corrected, but I do not recall even one instance where it was suggested to use this mysticism to help feed starving children or bring love into the world. It is a very self-centered book for a very self-centered world. While I do think we have the ability to alter the course of our future, or even to subconsciously alter it in the present for future endeavor and success, but this book is forayed of the true benefit of this Source of Power. I only admonish that one should consider that accruing cars, houses, a hot Barbie wife/Ken husband and other material items are not the culmination of such power, this is material gluttony and avarice. For some spiritual souls this book may have some resonance, but unfortunately I think that it is destitute of any spiritual rapport due to its materialistic elicitation. It is as if Rhonda Byrne and her colleagues cannot find another avenue applicable to the manifestation of the Secret besides the gold in their pockets. There lies a gossamer of greed upon this title and we find that there is more erring than enlightenment.<br /><br /> Secondly, the premise of this book is far from a secret, it is actually quite trite and common amongst people of successful lives-it is simply Intention and Drive.  Be devoid of either of the two and you will find that you will end up, nowhere. Be affluent of each and you will indeed create your future of success, but you will not be able to deviate yourself from being shot and killed by the proletariat on crack.<br /><br /> I would exhort you not obfuscate my exacerbation with the MATERIALISM that this book advocates for me not agreeing with some of the (currently labeled) pseudoscientific principles. I will profess that I believe that one day that science and spirituality will have a convergence and, there, human potential will be discovered to have been severely underestimated. Like wise, as we delve into the chemicals of the mind and as biotechnology proliferates we will discover that we have been amiss to the understandings of what we are capable of and have influence over. Could we actually have a conscious affinity with slight elements of physics of the Universe? Probable. Is the Law of Attraction doltish? No, I emphatically believe in it and utilize it to its full potential! Does laughter help heal? Yes, I believe that! Does our emotional state, or stress, cause DIS-EASE? Has that not already been proven?! There are those that attack this book as dogmatic babble backed by pseudoscience and supported by the inane and intellectually destitute, that is not what I am doing.<br /><br /> So in closing, I do not completely abhor the book, but there exists a level of disdain for its materialistic energy. Materialism is the fundamental principle of this book, and for me that is a turn-off. There are indeed things that were resonant with me and that I will apply to my base program, but that was severely overshadowed by the monolithic edifice of MATERIALISM that was erected by Byrne and her colleagues.<br /><br /> Oh...I almost forgot...if you are a woman that is 145lbs, Rhonda Byrne thinks that is fat, and along with that, 115lbs is more congruous!tes for me not agreeing with some of the (currently labeled) pseudoscientific principles. I will profess that I believe that one day that science and spirituality will have a convergence and, there, human potential will be discovered to have been severely underestimated. Like wise, as we delve into the chemicals of the mind and as biotechnology proliferates we will discover that we have been amiss to the understandings of what we are capable of and have influence over. Could we actually have a conscious affinity with slight elements of physics of the Universe? Probable. Is the Law of Attraction doltish? No, I emphatically believe in it and utilize it to its full potential! Does laughter help heal? Yes, I believe that! Does our emotional state, or stress, cause DIS-EASE? Has that not already been proven?! There are those that attack this book as dogmatic babble backed by pseudoscience and supported by the inane and intellectually destitute, that is not what I am doing.     So in closing, I do not completely abhor the book, but there exists a level of disdain for its materialistic energy. Materialism is the fundamental principle of this book, and for me that is a turn-off. There are indeed things that were resonant with me and that I will apply to my base program, but that was severely overshadowed by the monolithic edifice of MATERIALISM that was erected by Byrne and her colleagues.     Oh...I almost forgot...if you are a woman that is 145lbs, Rhonda Byrne thinks that is fat, and along with that, 115lbs is more congruous!
031606792X|4.0|I almost didn't read this book because of the all the bad reviews, but I am glad that I did. Breaking Dawn has changed my opinion of Stephanie Meyer. I had thought that she was an exceptional storyteller but merely an average writer, but now I think she is an excellent writer as well. I loved the section written in Jacob's voice - she completely nailed that character. In fact, all of the characters are well fleshed-out, even the minor ones. Reading from Jacob's point of view provided fresh insight into the pack's way of life, and the switch out of Bella's head was an interesting change. As for Bella - even though she went through a seismic transformation, she was still the same person deep down and it was fun watching Bella the vampire explore her new abilities.    Yes there are holes in the plot, and there are some contradictions from the previous books, but you have to suspend disbelief.  The first three books required it as well, why is it so hard for some to do that for Breaking Dawn?  For example: vampires who cannot go out into the sun because their skin becomes sparkly?  Bella is the only person in the entire school who notices the eye color changes?  Jasper reacts savagely to Bella's paper cut, but can control himself year after year at schools where he must have encountered human blood at one point or another?  Newborn vampires are uncontrollable, but Victoria manages to create an army of them (in well-populated Seattle) and send them into battle with the Cullens?  And the most unlikely of all, Bella is in love with not only a vampire but a werewolf (or shape-shifter) too?  These \\"facts\\" defy reason, but they are part of the world that Meyer created for her characters, as is Bella's new world in Breaking Dawn.       I know some readers were put off by the totally happy ending, but you have to remember who Meyer's target audience is. For a 12 or 13 year old girl, love is straight from the heart, all butterflies and giggles. Prince Charming does exist, he isout there somewhere, and everything will work out perfectly. In later years, when your head enters into it, you start to think things like \\"what does he want to do with his life?\\", \\"what kind of job does he have?\\" and \\"does he have a lot of baggage?\\" When you are 12 or 13, however, the idea of love is much more simple and perfect. I think Meyer, or her editor, felt compelled to stay true to her target audience.     It is a lengthy read - 750 pages (or thereabouts), but it held my interest to the end. So if you are like me and shied away from Breaking Dawn because you heard or read the bad reviews, do yourself a favor and read it anyway. You might actually like it.
B000R9RGF6|5.0|I often have \\"Soundscapes\\" on during the day, but do not leave on the TV monitor, as I cannot always  see it.    However, when I do hear a song that grabs my attention, I will walk over and turn on the monitor to see the name and the artist of the song.  Many times over the last months, I would see that the song was by Ludovico Einaudi, so many times, in fact, that I eventually bought this album. What a great decision that was!  I own hundreds of New Age or instrumental CDs by great artists, but this is superlative music. There are no weak or throw-away cuts here, just powerful, emotional sounds that will grab your heart and not let go.  For the first week, I never listened to anything else, and now I listen every night before bed, have it on my iPod for my car. Einaudi is a masterful musical talent; you will not be disappointed if you chose to add this one to your library.
031606792X|5.0|Loved the first three books. Have re read them over and over again.    Loved this book too. SO much happened and it was just great. I smiled at the last page and I am sure going to read it a few more times.    And I never re read anything.    Fabulous author. Can't wait for her books from Edward's side!    Who cares how fantasy things are, it's not a real book, and I enjoyed getting lost in them, and will continue for a long time I'm sure.    WOOHOO FOR STEPHENIE MEYERS!
B0019GOT2Y|5.0|This is a one of the best cd's I have purchased in quite some time! My favorite track is the title track. One of those songs that has an adrenaline pumping beat. LOVE IT!<br />Great cd and the limited club edition is a great value with the fan club membership and and 3 extra tracks!<br />Worth every penny....
031606792X|5.0|After reading a couple of spoilers I really thought I was going to completely hate the book. I didn't want Edward and Bella to have a kid, for it when against everything Stephenie had ever told us ( i later found out that she never said anything about a human and a vampire having children), and I definitely didn't want Jacob imprinting on the child after he had his little fling with the mother.<br /><br />But I can honestly say that it turned out just wonderful. I wanted a happy ending and that's just what happened. Why must every book end with a big battle scene or by losing a main character? It ended just fine. It ended beautifully. It ended the way it was meant to be.<br /><br />I think that the main problem is that it such a huge book and the is just so many twists and unexpected things that it overwhelms the audience. I really encourage you all to give this book a second chance because if you are a true fan, I think you can really fall in love with it as I did.<br /><br />And I know its constructive criticism or maybe you just want to get your point across, but some of the things you guys are saying  here about Stephenie as an author are really heartbreaking.<br /><br />You try writing this final book under all that pressure. She obviously couldn't please us all.<br /><br />I loved it, give it a second chance, read it over.<br /><br />I&lt;3 Twilight.
031606792X|5.0|I loved the book.  It completed the series and it flowed with the rest of the story. I know others are putting spoilers on there posts, but I dont want to ruin it for anyone.  All I can say is sit down and read all 4 books at one time.  I started to read them and read them in one week and loved how they flowed form one book to the next (it was also my first time picking up any of the books so I didnt have months to dream about what would happen to Bella and make up what I wanted to happen)!!  I will definately be reading again.  I think everyone else's problem was Bella didnt do what they had dreamed of her doing.  Stephenie Meyer knows how to write a page turner and I had a hard time putting it down!
031606792X|4.0|I thought Breaking Dawn was a good fantasy read. The Twilight Saga never belonged on a high literature shelf, but despite of that it touched on some interesting subjects. It awakened emotions in me, that I thought were no longer there. More than anything else, it entertained me, let me escape into a dream world when the everydayness got to be too much to bear. Breaking Dawn is heavier than the rest of the books. There is more emotional anguish to deal with from many characters. They become three-dimensional thanks to that. They all really grow up in my opinion. The growth is surprisingly quick though, and I wish Stephenie could have made three books out of Breaking Dawn to slow the process down a bit, make the meaning of it more profound. Still, there is some interesting stuff to ponder, like sacrificing one's life for a loved one, choosing the harder way out instead of an easier one because it's simply right, self-discovery, loyalty, etc. Oh, and the romantic thread didn't loose any of its sparkle in my opinion. All of that is packaged in a form of a \\"grimmenesque\\" fairy tale, which having dealt with some spilled blood ends on a \\"happily ever after\\" note. I had fun reading it.
B000KKPN5C|5.0|This is the first flash I own but I work at a camera store so I've used a variety on my D40 and this by far is the best. Bounce flash is great if only it would tilt vertical for lengthwise photos. Recycle is really fast. No complaints. It makes me want to give it a hug.
031606792X|1.0|This book was a major disappointment.  The only reason I finished it was in hope that it would get better.  Unfortunately it went from bad to worse!  The only good thing I can say, is that it was full of surprises.  Not worth the time or money!
B001437DMA|3.0|Being a fan of Joe since \\"Surfing\\" I was looking forward to some new tunes. But this disc is disappointing. While there are 5 great songs: Musterion, Overdrive (perhaps the best of all), Out of the Sunshine, Asik Vaysel and Andalusia. The balance of the disc (5 more songs) are average at best. With Professor Satchafunkilus being the worst track.... dischordent !
B00004Y6O4|4.0|I have read various reviews concerned this record and most were aimed at the Rock market that Rod \\"supposely\\" sold out in the name of Disco (as well as the Rolling Stones & Kiss) but in my opinion Stewart was looking at gaining a wider audience(and let's be frank that =more cash!, the man is part capitalist/artist). He actually did'nt lose any foreseen rock credibility since his main fan base in the states were always supportive women fans anyway! It was always these fake macho rockers who always as I remember from the late 70's usually \\"bitched\\" about such things( who's a rocker who's not?..while in the meantime cats like Rod Stewart were living out a \\"Rock &Roll lifestyle that those wannabees could only dream of)The album was popular on urban radio as well gaining airplay alongside the Ohio Players and Barry White....It's not a bad record I remember the drummer Carmen Appice is featured,finally in the longtime it's stood the test of time,dancefloors are jamming all across the world and Stewarts \\"Do Ya think I'm Sexy\\" still appears in the various funky remixes.
0316143472|1.0|Read about half the book.  I kept waiting for something funny, but it never came.  Wow, how long can someone babble on about his parents and art!
B000005Z0E|5.0|The Reviews that most website are idiot for rating it as low as it is. The truth is that this is a album of wisdom,heart, for those who love 2pacs album should truly by this because it shows nothing but raw talent so lisent and respect!!!!
B0012YYZYK|5.0|Great film, very good quality in blue ray, like see it for the first time.
B000AMPZF8|4.0|Outstanding art rock in the spirit of Queen sprinkled with U2. This is their strangest CD that I've heard but it doesn't mean that it is not accessible. These rockers are keeping the prog flame alive.
B00005JPS8|5.0|To quote/paraphrase a line from the movie (no, this gives nothing away); \\"my father created weapons in the hope that they would not have to be fired.  I respectfully disagree.  The best weapon is the kind you only have to fire ONCE.\\"    All I had to do was see Iron Man once, and I was utterly hooked on it.  To further my impression of the movie before I plunge into the actual review, I will say this; I have seen the movie IN THEATRES five times.  I paid every single time, and not only that, I plan on buying the special edition disk set.  One hopes that will give you some indication of how good the movie really is for the diehard Marvel fan.    I admit, I had my doubts.  It'd been a long time since I'd seen Mr. Downey Jr in a film, and Ms. Paltrow as well, come to think of it.  I've been suffering through renditions of how directors and producers saw Spider-Man, assiduously avoiding The Fantastic Four franchise because I didn't want to see the F4 being mutilated along with the Silver Surfer...but Iron Man completely restored my faith in a director's ability to cut through the \\"SPECIAL EFFECTS FIGHT SCENES MAKE THE MOVIE!\\" crap that so many directors of today suffer from, most fatally.    Mr. Downey Jr BECOMES Tony Stark, brilliant alcoholic multi-millionaire.  He is so believable that when I bring him up in conversation, I don't say \\"Mr. Downey Jr was great in that scene,\\" I saw \\"wow, Tony did really well right there!\\"  He submerged himself and became, instead of simply acted, his role.  It was beautiful to watch.  It is rare than an actor of Mr. Downey Jr's considerable talent finds a role that suits him so perfectly, that allows him to be so expressive, that makes him truly become one of the best actors of this decade, if not this generation.      I could easily wax more eloquent on the abilities of Mr. Downey Jr, but that would defeat the purpose of this review, so I will continue.  Simply put, the plot of this movie and the origins of Iron Man synchronize withoutrough edges, and the characters are utterly believable humans with human motives and flaws.  The actors and actresses in this movie are flawless and the dialogue is engaging and humorous.  This movie is well worth the money to own, or in my case, to see five times and then proceed to ownership.  Give it a try!  You will not regret it.
B000OPPBEQ|1.0|The original Matrix movie was fantastic!  The second and third movies were an embrassing waste of time, effort and money.    The second and third sequels were so bad, they make \\"Howard the Duck\\" look like an Oscar winner.    It's a shame a person has to buy this \\"Ultimate Matrix\\" Garbage Collection just to get the first good Matrix movie.  The original Matrix movie should be released by itself on Blu-ray.  If Warner Brothers decides to demonstate wisdom by releasing the original movie on Blu-ray, I will retract this gleefully negative review.    I went to see \\"Matrix II\\" in a movie theater in Miami at an 8 PM Saturday showing one week after the movie opened.  The theater was EMPTY.  I honestly thought there was a bomb scare I was unaware of.  At the time, I did not realize the bomb was the movie.  I laughed through most of the movie.  Not the good kind of laughter, but laughter due to how bad the movie was, the cake scene and Neo's stupidity.    Long story short, do yourself a favor and wait for the original Matrix to be released by itself on Blu-ray.  There is no excuse to throw money away by buying this collection.
B0019FOC5E|5.0|You just can't stop the music going through you head with this soundtrack!  You find yourself with a wonderful case of Happy Feet!  Enjoy!!
B0018O4YSQ|5.0|Haven't had time to sit down and watch the new version yet, but I did take a few moments to check out the beginning and am ABSOLUTELY THRILLED that the opening narration is gone from the Director's Cut.  I have always hated the opening narration which proceeds to tell you what's going to happen in the movie.  Beyond my first viewing, I have never watched the original DVD with the narration - I keep the sound lowered until Keifer Sutherland looks at his watch, then raise it.  I've never let anyone else watch it with the narration, either, especially if it was their first time seeing the film.  Makes a great puzzle to assemble when you don't know what's going on.<br /><br />Similarly, I was never able to watch Blade Runner until the narration was removed.  Why would we need Harrison Ford to tell us what we can clearly see on the screen?  Raspberries to New Line for forcing the insertion in 1998, kudos to New Line for allowing the Director's Cut (and keeping the original edit on the Blu-Ray addition as well for those who prefer that version.
B000QXDEDG|5.0|Rreceived this cd in new condition with very fast shipping.  The product was of very good quality and I enjoyed watching it.
B0015DYIH2|5.0|Yes it's a little hokie in parts, but who cares!!! Bella and Edward belong together and I was very satisfied with the way this book closed the saga. Was it totally believeable, no....but come on people its about vampires and shape shifters and is purely for entertainment.  I was totally entertained...another page turner til the end.
031606792X|4.0|I don't understand what is the big fuss that many people make about the Breaking Dawn story: how it is not a moral tale, how she could have chosen a different ending, how Bella is ruled by her senses... bla bla bla. Personally, I really liked the ending of the Twilight series and didn't read too much into it. And honestly: aren't there already enough not-so-happy-endings in real life and movies and books? Are we waiting for a book to confirm that sometimes there are no happy endings? Or that happy and unhappy are points of view? Why do we crave for another \\"unhappy\\" ending??? Good job Stephenie Meyer. If people wanted a different ending, they could go ahead and write a different book.    I enjoyed the other books very much and I enjoyed the page-turning feeling that reminded me of when I was little and started reading books, when I couldn't put them down, not even to eat. That was all I could ask for.
031606792X|2.0|I loved the first 3 parts and could not go to bed before not having finished them. This book was the only one I read in 2 days - and I could have taken a break even more often.     I agree with other reviews that the message this last book sends is wrong: marry with 18 and live happily with your perfect partner and your perfect child. The perfectness of the main characters was increasingly getting on my nerves. After hearing it a 1000 times I knew how beautiful Edward was - no need to mention it 1001 times. In the other books this Bella-adoring-Edward and vice versa-thing seemed not as bad as Bella had her (human) flaws.     What no one has mentioned by now: Wasn't Bella getting on your nerves by feeling guilty for everything that went wrong in her surroundings? She is constantly feeling responsible and sorry even though sometimes there is no need for her to be.      Well, with one exception: The only time Bella could and should have been really sorry, she isn't: when she endangers her life (and thus Edward's life) by continuing her pregnancy. By her knowing the story of the immortal children and her not-knowing what exactly was growing in her body she also endangered her new beloved family. Weird: she felt horrible and excused herself 100times when she cut her finger, Jasper attacked her, and she thought she caused the family problems.     Ok, I admit one might say, the love for her baby is so strong that she does not care that her Edward is almost dying due to grief, that the Cullens are separated into a pro- and anti-baby faction, etc. But then again: wasn't Edward the biggest love of her life? After the baby comes into the story, Edward's character seems to disappear.     All in all, I was very disappointed of the plot and the characters. DB ruined the saga for me.
031606792X|1.0|I'll be brief.  This book doesn't even belong in the series.  How could NO ONE associated with the publishing (proofreaders, editors, etc.) realize the departure from character here?    I too am sad, feel like I'm grieving.  I wanted this to be the ending that the series deserved, and it simply was not.    No offense to Stephanie Meyer, she's a gifted writer and I will continue to be a fan.  I just wish that there could be two Breaking Dawns (possibly called Forever Dawn (wasn't that the working title?).  Just as there are alternate endings to movies, there should be another book written as an alternate (I don't care if it takes two years, just so it's right).  I read on Stephanie's website that she took the time to write something called Breaking Down for her editor that was a bunch of alternate scenarios, sure to be funny to them and sure to be a disappointment to fans.  I know she feels that no matter what, she could not please everyone.  Just please, if there is a re-write/alternate ending let there be a battle, practical closure for Jacob that doesn't involve anything close to incest, more of The Cullens (esp. Alice) and no baby, no baby, no baby.    Couldn't Bella have changed, ran away (since she is so good at that) and decided to take on the Volturi (for whatever reason) all by herself-what a hoot!
0316067598|5.0|Absolutely superb review of man's struggle to survive at time of war. A hero's tale at a time in our nation's history that others need to learn to appreciate.
B0000AQS0F|5.0|Please bring back this series!!! I love this show. Joss Whedon is the best--witty, funny, layered and just awesome storytelling.
B000FVQM2Y|4.0|It doesn't surprise me that this film has received a lot of negative reviews. This isn't the sort of movie you can guarantee that others will like.     The literal-minded 'this is unrealistic' criticisms miss the point, of course. The film knows it isn't realistic, and even winks at you (e.g., the mom serving apple juice). The same can be said of grumbling about the convuluted plot and slangy dialog (that's the nature of the genre). I do think, however, that the muddy sound of the dialog is a problem. You end up missing some great lines (and you shouldn't need subtitles).    What I like best is, despite the small budget, Brick is great to look at. Great washed-out California background, nice interior sets. Rian Johnson  makes good use of jump cut editing and low camera angles and even a sunset.
031606792X|5.0|I loved all 4 books and I hate to see the story end. Maybe thats why there are some bad remarks. When I closed the book after reading the last page, I felt like a close friend and her family where moving out of the neighborhood. But because I have had that happen in real life I know another family will move in soon. On to another good story! I love to read!
159562015X|4.0|This is a great tool!  It not only gives you better insight into how to leverage your own strengths, it gives you tips on how to work with people whose strengths may be different than yours.  I use it DAILY for my professional as well as my personal life.
031606792X|1.0|*SPOILERS AHEAD*    Like so many others, I fell in love with Bella and Edward's story from the very beginning.  I finished Twilight, New Moon, and Eclipse all in a span of about a week, and proceeded to re-read each one over the next month.  I found the wait for Breaking Dawn almost unbearable, and checked Stephenie Meyer's website almost every day for updates.  When it finally came time for my local bookstore to host their Breaking Dawn release party, I was there until after one in the morning, not about to leave without my copy.    I feel like all of those things were done in vain.  I was so disappointed by this book that just thinking about it makes my blood boil.  The only reason I'm even taking the time to write a review is so that anyone who hasn't read it yet won't have as unrealistic of expectations as I had.    Not only was this book a chore to get through - it barely held my interest - but it didn't even feel like it was by the same author, much less that it was the same story.  The romance between Bella and Edward, which was what the story was originally based on, was trashed in favor of a new storyline that more closely fit a soap opera.  Forget Edward and how strongly we've all felt about him up until this point - let's replace him with this demon child who destroys Bella from the inside out!  And the best part is, after all of the trouble that this child causes, we're supposed to empathize with Bella's unconditional love for it!  As I said earlier, forget Edward and the fact that Bella never wanted children to begin with!  This monster is the answer to every hope and dream that she's NEVER had!    I could make a million references to a soap opera gone wrong and still not have said it enough.  It was gruesome, bloody, disturbing, upsetting...and even a little perverted.  I don't know if anyone else felt this way, but while I was reading Book 2, which was from Jacob's point of view but mostly focused on Bella's \\"pregnancy\\", I almost felt like I'd walkedin on someone's disturbing fantasies.  The way that the baby totally anhilated her from the inside out, and yet she was still always \\"caressing\\" her belly and the like...something about it was just sick in the true sense of the word.  Almost like Bella was being brutally raped, but was in love with her rapist.  Furthermore, Jacob ends up imprinting on this tiny rapist.  As one reviewer already mentioned, I'd love to get another book out of Stephenie just to hear Jacob's conversation with \\"Nessie\\" about how he used to picture her mother naked and want her to be \\"round with his child\\" (quoted straight from the book).    Even if other readers don't agree with me on that, I'm sure they can all agree that a lot of characters that we've all grown to love were lost in this book.  Their personalities, which have amused us or made us laugh or cry in the past were just trashed.  Some characters were so...well...OUT of character that it was almost laughable.  Not to mention that the minute Stephenie started writing from Jacob's point of view, no matter how much she altered Bella's personality, you started to see just how pathetic and annoying she really was.  It's easy to feel what she feels (aside from her feelings about the baby) when the book is written from her point of view, but when you're given the chance to see her the way others see her...she's really not a strong main character at all.    This whole book just read like a fan fiction to me.  Some things were so perfect that they were verging on ridiculous - like Bella and Edward's honeymoon on a private island with a perfect house, perfect beach and cleaning service - and some things were just so disturbed that they made my skin crawl.  It was not the story that I fell in love with, not the characters that I fell in love with, and not the author that I fell in love with.  I've heard some people say that the ending was \\"good enough\\".  Well, if by \\"good enough\\", they mean that there were no loose ends left to be tied up, then I suppose it was \\"good enough\\".  But if they mean that the book and its ending actually gave them any kind of satisfaction as far as the story and the level of effort that Stephenie put into it goes, I highly disagree.  I'm starting to think that the only draw of this series was Edward and Jacob, the two ideal boyfriends, because the minute she took the focus of the story off of them, this book turned into garbage.
031606792X|5.0|I loved this book. I believe that Stephenie Meyer did a great job of wrapping up all the loose ends. While others have criticized her plot line etc...I have to disagree, but maybe I read these books for another reason. As an English teacher, I get tired of reading for the purpose of analyzing. Six years of doing so in college kind of burned me out. Stephenie's books offer me a taste of what I enjoy...a vactation from reading with a purpose. I have read several other series such as Libba Bray's and was thoroughly disappointed. Many of the aspects Bray brought up in her books were not complete in the end. It was like she had to get to a conclusion fast. I did not feel that way with Breaking Dawn at all. Every question or thought I had throughout the series was answered. While I also blew off the idea of Bella having a baby, I also felt it was a nice twist. All in all this is a great book. It is to bad that there are some that don't agree. Maybe they are reading it for the wrong reasons. This is a book to enjoy not to over analyze.
031606792X|5.0|I absolutely loved this book. Bella as a character has matured and brought a new aspect to the Twilight Series. As far as the different feeling that readers are precieving, Bella has matured and is dealing with issues as an adult. This book is geared more towards adult readers because of the content as a whole. The area concerning Jacob and his \\"imprinting\\" is hilarous. I do not want to give too much away, because readers need to discover the world of the Cullens themselves. Please buyers do not read the spoilers!!!!! This book ends the series beauitfully. Please find out what \\"The Ending\\" will mean to you. Everyone takes something different away from a book that is why no two reviews are alike.
031606792X|2.0|What a lame ending to an otherwise fun guilty pleasure.     Some spoilers ahead (if you have somehow avoided being spoiled up to now).     Just so we're clear: I don't care about the \\"message\\"--I didn't need Bella to become a better being or stronger or less boyfriend-centric (I had already given up on that)--and I was pretty much over the fact that my preferred boyfriend (the werewolf) was losing because Bella, obviously, can't live without Edward. And that's fine for what this story is.      What bothered me about this book is that it was sort of just dull. And Jacob's story had a mildly disturbing resolution.     The first third of the book is Bella's romance with Edward culminating in sex (finally!). Almost nothing happens except that she gets mysteriously pregnant (which seemed to go against everything Meyer had established about how her vamp world worked but I could roll with it if it was fun).     The second part of the book--the only reason this gets two stars--is from Jacob's POV. Likely because his is the only tolerable POV since he's so full of angst and confused. The resolution of his POV is super weird and odd and a little creepy. He imprints on a deeply inappropriate character (made doubly sad by the fact that he had already expressed that imprinting meant he just got to make one less choice in his life so it seemed he was deeply torn about imprinting but since the POV changes we'll never know).     In the final third of the book NOTHING happens. You feel like something is going to happen--and there are even subplots involving plotting with Alice that you think are going somewhere but they don't.     The entire final third of the book is to provide Bella with stunning beauty, more power than any other vampire (seemingly), a \\"forever\\" love with Edward, a tethered best friend in Jacob (whom she IMMEDIATELY and repeatedly notes has NO pull on her WHATSOEVER now that she's immortal--Hey Bella? We get it, thanks), a gorgeous daughter (with a dumb name) thatwill live dozens of years (at least), a family, her human family--everything.     The final third just drags on and on with every character heaping random praise on Bella's beauty and power and I was so disappointed with the lack of suspense--there isn't even a fight! Just some thematic conversations about free will vs. subjugation that is never answered or deeply explored--except for the fact that so many of the characters seem to not have any will when it comes to love that you can't help but feel that love is both wonderful and oddly horrible. There's no room to breath in the love relationships characters have for each other in this book. The entire thing felt claustrophobic and tedious.    Really, they couldn't have cut that J. Jenks thing? It went nowhere! TWO WHOLE CHAPTERS of nothing!
031606792X|5.0|I honestly didn't expect so many negative reviews on this book. Of course that it's impossible to please every reader when it comes to such a powerful saga such as this, but in my opinion, people are thinking too much.   Some people are too worried about the message, the morality of the stories and they are forgetting that this is a fantasy book. Of course that I agree that every book has a moral to it, especially fantasy/fairy tale books, but let's look at this more lightly.  The Twilight Saga, in my opinion, is all about romance, true love out of this world, beyond human society comprehension. The non-reality of the stories make them even more interesting and I am very sure that young girls won't start thinking about marriage and babies because of it.   I am not writing this to get back at those who think this book should be banned for being a bad role model for girls, but I wanted to point out that those people are wasting time judging the stories that way, and I think they should be enjoying them instead, getting in the feeling of them and trying to see Stephenie Meyer's made up world with her character's eyes.     I have already finished reading Breaking Dawn, and when I finished the book I felt very satisfied. I was surprised with a few events of course, but to me it was perfect. A shame that it ended so soon... and even if the book had a thousand pages, I'm sure I would be begging for more.  Stephenie Meyer is a fantastic writer. She is very talented and creative and the way she writes with her heart is very touching and original.     I am not going to talk much about the plot because I don't want to ruin it for anybody who have not read it yet, but I recommend 100% and I can assure you that you will be reading the whole saga more than once, like I did.    Oh! and girls, after you finish reading the book, please don't go looking for a vampire to marry before you finish college!! ;)(LOL)
B000059TEQ|5.0|I love, love, love this movie. This movie had my attention from beginning to end. It is a true love story and an example of a happy, healthy relationship between a man and a woman. I am not a professional movie critic, however, I know great cinematography when I see it, and \\"Love Story\\" is definitely great cinematography.
031606792X|4.0|After reading and enjoying the three previous books in the series, I was greatly looking forward to Breaking Dawn.<br /><br />I have to say I'm not really disappointed.<br /><br />The only problem I had was the lack of action and climax at the end.  It was like the last third of the book was (without giving too much away, beware of mini-spoilers) building to a huge confrontation and then... meh.  The end.  That said I don't mind that things worked out well.  To complain that things worked out well and non-realistically is kinda pointless when talking about a book about vampires and werewolves.  Of course its not gonna work out realistically.  Anyway, what would be the point of escaping into a world that is just like our own?  Happy endings are underrated.<br /><br />Bottom line: I enjoyed the book and thought it wrapped up the loose ends well.  If you've read the first three, there's no reason not to pick it up.
B00001W9G0|5.0|\\"The Way We Were\\" is still true to life today. Divorce in America has become as common as marriage itself. This movie is an example that people can fall in and out of love without degrading each other. The final scene of the movie says it all. If you are in love, have ever been in love, or if you are falling out of love, \\"The Way We Were\\" is a must see.
031606792X|1.0|So I've gave the 1st book in the series a one-star review. I didn't bother to review the other 2 books (book 2 would have gotten 3 stars and book 3, 1 star) And I'm back to give a bad review for this last book.<br /><br />Before we begin, you might ask me, \\"If you hate the books so much, why do you keep reading (listening to) them?\\"<br /><br />My main attraction has been the fact that a middle aged housewife from bumblefick utah, inspired by a dream, has managed to vomit this garbage on a page, get a million dollar book/movie deal for it and continues to be revered as the next jk rowling. I am fascinated by the fans that delight in these books. So honestly I am not interested in the books themselves but the real-life that surrounds them.<br /><br />getting all that out of the way, i was delighted to see the amount of bad reviews this one got. SPOILER ALERT JUST IN CASE YOU HAVEN'T READ THE OTHER REVIEWS YET. the fans were angry about the baby and rightly so, in my opinion. meyer made it perfectly clear that vampires can't have babies only to change everything in the last book. now, just because it's convenient for her, suddenly it turns out that male vampires can indeed mate with female humans and create... creatures that can somehow imprint with werewolves even though the whole point of werewolf imprinting was supposed to be so the werewolf can find the best mate to create better werewolves in the future. i dont know how the child of renesme and jacob, a half-werewolf, quarter-human, quarter-vampire is supposed to be the alpha-heir of the quiliute werewolves??<br /><br />anyway, ilyana kadushin returns for the 4th installment of the CDs. she read parts of it like she was bored out of her mind and others waaaay tooo dramatically with voice quivering, breathless. my favorite is when she reads the word \\"sigh\\" off the page instead of actually sighing. there were a few minutes in part 3 where she had a frog in her throat and it was annoying because she was trying to describe a serene pastoral scene and all i could think was CLEAR YOUR THROAT!<br /><br />the best part (or so i thought) was part 2 when the male voice actor from the 3rd book, Matt Walters returned to read Jacobs part! (i'm pretty sure it's the same actor but i could be wrong)<br />matt stumbled through the first few pages but eventually found his ryhtm. the really really bad part about this was the way he did rosalie's voice. he totally made her sound like a drag queen! every time he did her i couldn't stop laughing, especially when he/she said 'renesme'. in the CD they pronounce it Ruh-NEZ-may, in case you were wondering.<br /><br />i wish i had more to say about this book but it was just hours and hours of stupidness. the beginning started off okay with our marysue and garystu off on their honeymoon but even that was boring. and the sex scenes?? it felt like parts were just deleted from my cd. i even went back and listened 2 times but nothing happened. one minute they're about to begin the next minute it's the morning after and they're like 'omg why are there feathers in my hair, what happened to the headboard?' WAT?? i mean okay i'm glad there weren't any 'throbbing members' spearing through 'moist love doughnuts' but still, i have to endure endless play-by-plays of renesme's birth but we can't get two minutes of a sex scene?? they're a married couple so it's not like it's a sin.<br /><br />the volturi (action) stuff didn't come until the way end but even that was a huge letdown.<br /><br />also, there are literally scenes where bella in her new vampire form does things and theres an audience behind her marveling and commenting on how amazing she is. i couldn't believe it, it was kind of embarrassing to listen to.<br /><br />i really don't think this book needed to be 16 CDS// 700+ pages long. it seriously could have lost 400 pages and have been a way better book.<br /><br />EDIT - also i wanted to add that the 1 star is only for the content of the book. i would give both ilyana and matt 3 1/2 stars each for their reading. they did make the book more bearable than it otherwise would have been.k more bearable than it otherwise would have been.
B0018AK9RA|2.0|I have been a Judas Priest fan since British Steel. I understand the need to grow and not just produce another Priest album like the brilliant Angel of Retribution album.  But this is not for me. I just couldn't get into the slow stuff and just fast forward to the good stuff we all really want. I just hope that they don't play too much of  the slow songs on tour. I want to hear the classics.  I'll wait patiently for their next album, and this one will go on the shelves.
0399226907|5.0|This is a great board book, not too annoying to read over and over again. My 5-month-old son really responds to the beautiful illustrations.
B00000DLV1|5.0|It seems like it might not work at first, but Portishead's \\"Live: Roseland NYC\\" album is probably the most stunning and most original live electronica album. And the string orchestra enhances their songs in unexpected ways.<br /><br />If Portishead's second album sounded like a creepy soundtrack to a Halloween horror movie, the string ensemble take the scary crescendos to a whole new level. Beth Gibbons sings a crooning alto similar to the James Bond singer Shirley Bassey. In the song \\"Cowboys,\\" the orchestra resounds with a wave of dissonance that escalates to a frightening peak with the electric guitars amplifying the dark tension. Combine that with the squeeky turntable scratches, and the band sounds like a deadly mix of James Bond mystery with electric mayhem.<br /><br />And believe it or not, there are plenty of smooth and sassy James Bond-style orchestrations. The blaring trumpets and strings in \\"All Mine\\" turns the copa cabana song into a smoky, jazzy scene, with guitars to electrify the atmosphere.<br /><br />Even though the live set begins with songs from their less popular second album, there are still plenty of fantastic mixes of songs from their debut album to spare. The high-pitched screeches of the violins in \\"Mysterons\\" transform the electronica song into a soundtrack from an Alfred Hitchcock horror film. \\"Glory Box\\" sounds even sassier and sexier with actual strings to back up Gibbons' voice and the funky DJ scratcher. And if Portishead fans thought \\"Sour Times\\" sounded cool, just wait until they hear the adrenaline-filled crescendo of strings, organs, drums, guitars and DJ scratches, combined with Gibbons' wailing at the end.<br /><br />And the band has an especially tender moment in the song \\"Roads,\\" where the spacy jazz wah-wahs and the strings soften their set with a gorgeous faze of romanticism. Beth Gibbons' softening voice near the end make this ballad reach a wonderful intimate level like no other.<br /><br />But the strings are the most entrancing in the hip-hop beat-oriented jam \\"Strangers.\\" The beats, combined with the snazzy horns and strings, make this Portishead exciting and electrifying. It's a great way to end an awesome concert of hip-hop, Halloween rock and orchestral splendor. It also shows Portishead in their prime, with an artistic taste like no other electronica band in the world.\\"Strangers.\\" The beats, combined with the snazzy horns and strings, make this Portishead exciting and electrifying. It's a great way to end an awesome concert of hip-hop, Halloween rock and orchestral splendor. It also shows Portishead in their prime, with an artistic taste like no other electronica band in the world.
0767821629|4.0|One more film on various worlds, one on top of the other and the possible transfer from one to the other through some virtual reality system. Fine with me. But one layer is positioned as dominant and it is the most advanced in time that is. Why? Why not ours? Our time becomes nothing but the past of some other future time that is the real present. That is traumatic since after a while you do not know who is who and who is real or not in any world. Some are not even real at all in any world. The worse part is that you can just get rid of anyone in any layer of time in the past because your real existence is in the future present, the real future present world of 2024. So who cares about what havoc you may cause and create and enjoy in some past layer of the world? But it has no effect on the future because the film states that that future of 2024 is the real thing that commands all the past layers? But why not 3024? And what if 2024 were nothing but some manipulated past of 3024? Disquieting because then time does not exist any more, everything is in the hands of some super-being we don't know. In other words the film reinvents God, not as a real being but as a virtual necessity, a concept without which nothing stands. The film is well done, but the meaning is some absolute submission to some kind of fatality that makes us puppets, and the word is even used. We become irresponsible of our acts and that takes the pleasure out of our life because real pleasure depends on danger and danger depends on risk and risks are always faced in the present never in some kind of past or out of time.<br /><br />Dr Jacques COULARDEAU, University Paris Dauphine, University Paris 1 Pantheon Sorbonne & University Versailles Saint Quentin en Yvelines
0316143472|4.0|This book was in typical Sedaris fashion - shocking statements in a deadpan manner. I thought this book, however, had stories which made me cringe more than his other works (the guinea worm to name one). Still a great read. I was trying to make it last as long as I could!
031606792X|3.0|First, let me say that Stephenie Meyer's writing style is still amazing. I will not knock her there. The girl has a way with words. But Breaking Dawn was a huge disppointment. It was too predictable. In part 3, we see snippets of Bella's old self, but she's not the same. She's too graceful, too beautiful, too independent. She's not the Bella we all fell in love with in the first three books for her clumsiness and frailty.<br /><br />Meyer tended to super glorify the life of a vampire in this finale. They are all beautiful, flawless creatures who stay young forever with more money than they can stand,and Bella is now a part of that first hand. They are all wrapped up in the temporal things of this world. What happened to the curse Edward feared so much in Twilight? He didn't want her under that same curse where she ran the risk of losing heaven. Bella is terrified of growing older than Edward and her solution has always been to become like him. To change for a guy??!!! What a message this sends out to young girls of all shapes and sizes who struggle with confidence in themselves everyday.<br /><br />What bothered me most was Bella's blood. In New Moon, Meyer strongly emphasized that her blood was a musical symphony for Edward, but in this book, it was cast off as a tasty scent he would no longer have to deal with. What a shame to have her blood sing to him for three books only to throw the beauty of it away so indifferently. I had hoped all along that somehow Bella's special blood had contained an antidote that lifted Edward's curse the minute he sank his teeth into her flesh, making him human, or at the least, a half-vamp. And Bella would have been hailed the unexpected heroine, in her Bella-like fashion.  Completely by accident.<br /><br />And what happened to those intimate conversations Meyer was so adept in developing between Bella and Edward...and Bella and Jacob? Their words  kept us clinging to those pages longing for more. Bella and Edward's love was beautiful because it was forbidden. When it no longer was, it lost something. The beautiful love story that was so eloquent in the first three books was reduced to a twisted perversion as consuming as their lust for blood. It grew tiresome.<br /><br />And Jacob? Bella loved him just as much, and yet we see none of that turmoil that ripped their hearts to shreds over her choice at the end of Eclipse. Edward was the \\"drug\\" she couldn't get enough of, but Jacob was her \\"air\\", her \\"sun\\". So how does she so easily turn her back, wipe Jacob off the page? His arrival at the wedding should have been a show-stopper. And should have caused Bella to rethink her decision. But Bella's only concern is that Jacob not ruin her wedding day. This coming from a girl who didn't want to get married in the first place. And Meyer's solution to Jacob's dilemma? The next best thing, and a poor replacement for the love he'd shared with Bella.<br /><br />Meyer created a necessity for Bella to be turned, and that somewhat took her off the hook for those of us rooting for Bella's humanity to win out. But her turning was not the romantic moment I had envisioned as Edward finally took that first bite. No. It was a violent medical procedure. I miss the old Bella. I'm saddened by the hurried ending to such a wonderful saga.<br /><br />Casey Hays<br />Author of [[ASIN:B00APLNLBO The Cadence]]ul because it was forbidden. When it no longer was, it lost something. The beautiful love story that was so eloquent in the first three books was reduced to a twisted perversion as consuming as their lust for blood. It grew tiresome.<br /><br />And Jacob? Bella loved him just as much, and yet we see none of that turmoil that ripped their hearts to shreds over her choice at the end of Eclipse. Edward was the \\"drug\\" she couldn't get enough of, but Jacob was her \\"air\\", her \\"sun\\". So how does she so easily turn her back, wipe Jacob off the page? His arrival at the wedding should have been a show-stopper. And should have caused Bella to rethink her decision. But Bella's only concern is that Jacob not ruin her wedding day. This coming from a girl who didn't want to get married in the first place. And Meyer's solution to Jacob's dilemma? The next best thing, and a poor replacement for the love he'd shared with Bella.<br /><br />Meyer created a necessity for Bella to be turned, and that somewhat took her off the hook for those of us rooting for Bella's humanity to win out. But her turning was not the romantic moment I had envisioned as Edward finally took that first bite. No. It was a violent medical procedure. I miss the old Bella. I'm saddened by the hurried ending to such a wonderful saga.<br /><br />Casey Hays<br />Author of [[ASIN:B00APLNLBO The Cadence]]
B000NA1OXY|5.0|I consider myself as someone who has a very fine taste in music. I play guitar, have played electric bass, my favorite bands are definitely not your pop collection: Sonata Arctica, Deicide, DragonForce, Rhapsody of Fire, Europe, Judas Priest, Led Zeppelin, Kamelot.<br /><br />As such, I feel this album deserves way more than 3 stars. Yes, the lyrics are cocky. Yes, this is NOT real punk. And yes, the music could have been a little more complex than a few power chords with an occasional arpeggio here and there.<br /><br />But you forgot one thing: this is not Dream Theater, and nobody said it was. This music is meant for radio. You can't afford to have 7 minute songs in radio, although that would be nice. I mean, what's wrong with structured verses, or the simplicity of this music? As long as it sounds good(and it surely does), I don't have any problem with it whatsoever.<br /><br />I feel here that what people have problem getting through are the obviously cocky lyrics. She thinks of herself as the most beautiful, intelligent and precious girl in the universe. I mean, so what? What the hell is wrong with being cocky? Is your self-esteem so low that a little blond girl talking she's \\"damn precious\\" annoys you?<br /><br />If so, don't purchase this album. You'll want to throw it out of the window. If you, however, can release the judgment of the lyrics(which, by the way, are quite good) and enjoy the music, you definitely won't regret.
B0001WTWCO|2.0|I saw this film the year it came out, and I kept telling myself \\"everyone says it's a great film\\", and I tried to convince myself that it was, but it isn't.  It's OK.  It's another mediocre best picture Oscar winner.<br /><br />I saw the film a few days after seeing Kenneth Branagh's film of Hamlet, which came out the same year (1996).  I saw Hamlet in the theater.  Kenneth shot the film in 70mm, and it was shimmeringly gorgeous, with some of the best cinematography I had seen that decade.  Hamlet had a few stunt casting flaws, but I can recall vividly many scenes from it, and it's still a great film 12 years later.  When I saw The English Patient, it seemed puny and forgettable.  I attributed this to seeing Hamlet a few days earlier, so I decided then to rent Patient (letterboxed) when it came to laserdisc (DVD was not around, but the laser was letterboxed), and I still didn't like it.  It's not a terrible film, but not a particularly memorable one, and a rather dull, lifeless one.  I remember fragments from it, but overall, I don't remember feeling anything while watching it, and that's rather telling.  Many critics foolishly compared it to Lawrence of Arabia (they should be smacked), but it's a soap opera in the desert, not an intellectual, thought provoking epic in the desert like Lean's film was.  The film has good performances, some nice cinematography, but overall it's a disappointing film and not worthy of the accolades it received.  It's not the worst best picture winner (Forrest Gump might win that title), but it's not a very good film.
B000K4WPCC|3.0|Though this movie isn't exactly an award-wining epic or a piece of cinematic excellence, it is extremely entertaining and a perfect piece of escapist fantasy. The story line is very good as well as the special effects and the cinematography. The main actors are delightful to look at as long as you don't judge them on their acting ability. This movie won't make you question the meaning of life, but it will provide you with a few hours of entertainment.
031606792X|5.0|I literally just finished the book and if the 24 STRAIGHT hours I took reading it are any indication, it was very, very good.  Please don't let comments about the \\"point\\" of the book distract you.  This is fiction, the author does not need to \\"teach\\" us anything about the ways of the world or human relationships.  It's a book about vampires and werewolves for goodness sakes!  Was it engrossing? Yes.  Was it fun to read?  Yes.  Where there more twists and turns than a mountain road?  Yes.  Did it teach me anything monumental or life altering? Not really.  Should you read it? Yes, but only after the first 4.  It does wrap everything up, you know. . .Kind of pointless on it's own. . .
031606792X|4.0|I have been waiting for this book for so long so when it finally showed up at my house, I tore it open and began to read. But it wasn't at all what I expected. (Warning: there will be spoilers from here out)    So Book One was what I was expecting. I expected the wedding and some of the crazy vampire love. It was Bella and Edward the way I wanted them to be. I loved the wedding, Bella's dress, Edward's sweet attitude, and everything about it until the last chapter. The whole pregnancy thing really threw me off. I was womdering if I got the right book in the mail or if it was some kind of fanfic.     Then Book Two started. I must say I was sad to have Jacob narrate the story because I hated his narration at the end of Eclipse. This section of the book, however, surprised me. I really loved listening to Jacob, especially his time with Edward, Rosalie, Seth, and Leah. I found that I really like the Clearwaters and that I love Edward even more. Still, the whole pregnancy thing was creepy. And the end of this as kind of wrong. Bella and Jacob were in love and then Jacob imprints on Renesmee? I mean her name was bad enough and now a werewolf imprints on her? Sketchy.     Books Three was interesting. I found myself liking Bella more as a vampire than I did when she was human. She found her inner strength and Edward was just Edward. Renesmee was still strange but I think I kind of warmed up to her... it will take some serious getting used to. The entrance of the Volturi was a little overdramatic but I did like the vampire love in that part. My favorite character would have to be Garrett in this part. He was awesome and I love that he is with Kate now.     So overall, it was not what I was expecting and I am not sure I like all of what Stephenie Meyer chose to do. The whole baby thing was just weird. Bella and Edward were not ready to be parents and it just doesn't fit the book. Well, what is done is done. I just have to say that I hope there are no more books because I don't really want to learn more about Renesmee and Jacob. It is already creepy enough.
B000V8I2QU|5.0|I have been waiting for a release for Bruce that would sit well with me.  This one is it.  Radio Nowhere, Girls in their Summer Clothes, Last to Die are a few of my favorites, totally ear candy.  Great political themes, and Bruce still has it and will continue to, because he is the boss.    I do have to admit the production of this cd is a bit overboard, all the instruments have the same loudness...which is a bit odd, but who cares, it's still Bruce!  Awesome and a must buy.
0780651359|5.0|This is a classic movie. Laughed all the way through it. This movie never gets old. It is gre for the young and the old. Buy it today from kels1720 brand new, at a steal of a price, and treat yourself to a knee-slapping flick!
141694740X|5.0|This gave me a whole new outlook to boys and dating! I highly recommend it for anyone, single or taken. It is eye opening!
B001AR0D4A|5.0|The Good Things:<br />*This set includes both the original color version and the black-and-white version.<br />*Both versions of the film have pretty good video quality.  It is sharp, has good color, and for the b/w version, has high contrast.  However, it does have a fair amount of grain to it (could be bad if you're expecting a crystal-clear transfer; could be good because it adds to the visceral nature of the film).<br />*Contains deleted scenes, several fascinating featurettes, webisodes, and trailers (same stuff as from the 2-disc DVD set).  It's all contained on disc one.  Disc two has only the black-and-white version of the movie (with an introduction).<br />*The movie itself seems to be influenced by HP Lovecraft; the monsters are all otherworldly bugs and shapeless monsters. Definitely some of the freakiest monsters ever put on the screen.<br />*Also, special effects are pretty good.  Maybe not the best, but better than most other Stephen King based movies.<br />*There are only a few bad scenes of violence, but they are exceptionally brutal and quite scary!<br />*Even scarier than the monsters are the people. Most of the movie focuses on how everybody reacts to the situation, and there are many mixed and wild reactions. Many people act dumb and irrationaly, and few are sensible. This makes for very realistic and intense drama.<br />*As a whole, it is a deep, brutal exploration of human nature in an extreme apocalyptic situation. The whole film is very thought-provoking.<br />*Most of the story is close to the original novella by Stephen King; only the ending is different (see below).<br />*It's not as corny or cliched as some of the other Stephen King works.<br /><br />The Bad Things<br />*The ending was exceptionally brutal, and can be seen as either good or bad. I think it could have had a happier ending, but as it is in the film, it does leave you thinking and feeling bitter.<br />*On the minus side, the ending is radically different from the original novella.<br />*Sometimes, you just want to punch these stupid characters in the face (then again, this could be a good thing too, because the drama really absorbs the audience).<br /><br />This definitely goes above and beyond my expectations. It's not the typical horror flick; it's an intense thought-provoking study of people under pressure. The result is explosive, and unfortunately, highly believable. Even though it is stylistically similar to \\"Dreamcatcher,\\" or \\"The Thing,\\" it is more akin to \\"Children of Men\\" or \\"Pan's Labyrinth.\\" Because of this, it is frightening on all levels, and I would consider this to be one of the best Stephen King-inspired films ever made.tupid characters in the face (then again, this could be a good thing too, because the drama really absorbs the audience).    This definitely goes above and beyond my expectations. It's not the typical horror flick; it's an intense thought-provoking study of people under pressure. The result is explosive, and unfortunately, highly believable. Even though it is stylistically similar to \\"Dreamcatcher,\\" or \\"The Thing,\\" it is more akin to \\"Children of Men\\" or \\"Pan's Labyrinth.\\" Because of this, it is frightening on all levels, and I would consider this to be one of the best Stephen King-inspired films ever made.
031606792X|3.0|Mild spoilers; no specifics<br /><br />Forced.  Too much of this \\"final\\" book seemed contrived simply to make it \\"final.\\"  I do not know if the author has become bored with the characters or the world, but it is intriguing that so many loose ends get woven back into the storyline and tied off.  It had to be amazingly tedious to write; fortunately, Meyer's English prowess keeps it from being tedious to read.<br /><br />I caught on to Twilight when my daughter ignored her flesh-and-blood boyfriend to sit and read it.  We have since shared opinions on each book, and both of us anxiously awaited this one.  It is okay, but disappointing:  There was so much more potential, here.  Things wrap up neatly, and apparently, many folks do not seem to like that about it.  I am not sure that is a reason to knock the book given how many unhappy or ironic or hollow victories you can find out there, already.  (Have you SEEN the Dark Knight?  Of course you have.)  I did not mind a happy ending, for a change.<br /><br />The problem comes in the size and pacing of the book.  There happens to be a great place right near the middle where the book could have been split into two.  This would have allowed a great deal of heft to \\"Book 4\\" where something unexpected and somewhat strange is going on.  More detail could have been put into external forces instead of into what Jacob and Bella were thinking and feeling.  I would like to have heard more from Carlisle about his studies or Rosalie about her obsession.  The major problem with stopping the story here is that it breaks from Twilight tradition and ends on a dark-ish note.  I think there would have been enough surrounding the situation to make it happier and compelling us into the truly final chapters.  \\"Book 5\\" would have started with the plots of the many \\"awakenings\\" going on in the world.  More time could have been spent on the other vampires, again, more external forces, more backdrop, more \\"spice\\" could have been mixed in.  Instead, we are treated to Bella's continual hyperbole of \\"this is best,\\" and then, \\"this is better than the last best, and is now best,\\" and then, \\"this is better still,\\" until we are just dying for Meyer to actually put the word \\"bestest\\" into print.  We get it:  Vampires are neat.  That is part of why we read all the books, see?  We were already on board with that.<br /><br />Nonetheless, this book is better than a lot of other teenage garbage out there.  There are some reinforcements of a few traditional values (there are no signs of the vampiric homosexual allure that has become so clich&eacute;), Bella discovers inner strength (though she whines about it an awful lot), and as mentioned nearly everywhere, a happier than happy ending.  Is that so bad?  If you read the first three books of the saga, you would be silly not to read this one.  If it disappoints you too much, I recommend going back and reading the first one, again.  Bella's very first wide-eyed journeys into the supernatural are the best.s continual hyperbole of \\"this is best,\\" and then, \\"this is better than the last best, and is now best,\\" and then, \\"this is better still,\\" until we are just dying for Meyer to actually put the word \\"bestest\\" into print.  We get it:  Vampires are neat.  That is part of why we read all the books, see?  We were already on board with that.    Nonetheless, this book is better than a lot of other teenage garbage out there.  There are some reinforcements of a few traditional values (there are no signs of the vampiric homosexual allure that has become so clich), Bella discovers inner strength (though she whines about it an awful lot), and as mentioned nearly everywhere, a happier than happy ending.  Is that so bad?  If you read the first three books of the saga, you would be silly not to read this one.  If it disappoints you too much, I recommend going back and reading the first one, again.  Bella's very first wide-eyed journeys into the supernatural are the best.
072325804X|5.0|This book is beautifully presented and a true gem for any library or child's collection.  All of the stories are presented in the order in which they were written and published.  All of the original illustrations are there as well.    I highly recommend this book....it is reasonably priced and complete.
031606792X|2.0|The series should have ended with Eclipse. I am deeply disappointed with this ending and this book in all. The vampire-human pregnancy (um, birth control anyone? SHE IS 18!) and wedding, the whole blood-drinking during pregnancy, the Jacob imprinting saga and the happily ever after. This was a horrible ending to a fantastic series.
031606792X|4.0|I have been reading tons of reviews where this story has been picked apart relentlessly. I have seen this before. Yes, the Harry Potter series. Being an avid HP fan, I too have enjoyed the dissecting of each and every word JKR wrote. One small sentence could have multiple dramatic meanings. JKR created a whole new generation of book lovers who also love to analyze every word. What she did was amazing, not to be duplicated.     With that said, Meyers has been named the new JKR. So the JKR readers flocked and loved Meyers work, until now. The problem is that this story isnt a riddle, or a puzzle, with each word having indepth meaning. Its simply an amazing love story. The truth is that Meyers could make this story anything she wanted it to be, and she did. Maybe she should have made sure that every word was entwined with reason and mystery but maybe that is just not her style.     **SPOILERS**STOP READING NOW IF YOU DONT WANT TO KNOW!    Breaking Dawn was everything I was hoping it would be. I wanted Bella and Edward to get married, they did ( thank god!). I wanted Edward to make Bella a vampire, he did ( thank God). The baby story was interesting ( yes.. I did hate the name..) and I would have liked to see more of Bella and Edward bonding over the baby.. its seemed to be more Rosalie and Jacob..but it doesnt ruin the story. This book had my heart pounding out of my chest for at least 100 pages.. if not more. I actually lost weight ( one whole pound) because I read the entire thing in one sitting. I could not put it down. Tomorrow is a week from BDs release and I have already reread through Twilight, New Moon, and I am 1/2 way through Eclipse. I plan on having Breaking Dawn finished again by Sunday. Reading it, I felt compelled to read the first books again because I simply did not want the story to end. The entire story is amazing and I earnestly hope that Midnight Sun is published. I cannot get enough.     I am an avid, AVID ..AVID BOOK READER.  Of all the stories,trilogies..etc I have read, this is by far the best series. Do not let the bad reviews sway you. If you have never read any of the books, pick them up immediately. Just do yourself a favor and sit back and enjoy. Dont pick it apart, just enjoy it at face value. Its well worth it!    If you are a BD hater, try it again. Start over and just stop when you try to question why. Just try to remember why you loved the series in the first place. Because of Edward and all his glory, Bella in all her clumbsy admiration ..thier amazing love ( why cant any one love me as a much as Edward loves Bella) and wonderful, sweet Jacob!!    and I loved..loved ..LOVED when Edward said good bye to Jacob calling him Brother, son. Loved it.
B000002J2F|5.0|Duke (1980) is the second album with Genesis in its Collins/Banks/Rutherford lineup, a lineup that would be more poppier and accessible than the more progressive rock/storytelling of the eras with Peter Gabriel and Steve Hackett. Still, I consider this part of their progressive rock era, with all the moods to go with it, thanks mainly (in my opinion) to the keyboard work of Tony Banks. There's the airiness of \\"Alone Tonight\\", the evocative sweep of parklands in \\"Heathaze\\", the tense rhythm of \\"Man of Our Times\\" (which reminds me a little of the \\"Lamb Lies Down on Broadway\\" track \\"Lost in NYC\\").     There's a couple of tracks written together as a group, but each of the band members write a couple by themselves, though Phil does all the singing. Phil writes a couple by himself for the first time, the story of a girl who stands him up in \\"Misunderstanding\\", and \\"Please Don't Ask\\", which reminds me a little bit of some of the more emotional Bee Gees songs.    It's loosely a concept album, with mentions of the Duke and the Duchess in the song titles, and themes and lyrics from the first three tracks (\\"Behind the Lines/Duchess/Guide Vocal\\",) being reprised in the last two (\\"Duke's Travels/Dukes End\\"). Besides \\"Duchess\\", there's no direct references to the Duke and the Duchess, but I like to think that \\"Man of Our Times\\" is referring to the Duke, that \\"Turn it On Again\\" is describing the Duke's life and that the relationship songs are about the relationship between the Duke and the Duchess. But that's just me...    The booklet, like the cover, has great little illustrations by Lionel Koechlin, which feature his character \\"Albert\\", taken from his book \\"L'alphabet D'albert\\". The lyrics are also written in a font to suit the illustrations (at least, in the 1994 remaster they do).    Definitely worth a listen for Genesis fans, I think.
B0007TKH66|4.0|Enterprise was an interesting show.  Despite the criticism, I watched the entire series while it was on television.  The writing improved in the last season.  The problem with this show was that it failed to follow previous Star Trek canon.  Many people found this disturbing.  Someone not interested in the other shows may enjoy this.      I personally like the first season the best.  My favorite episodes from the series are in this season with the exception of the mirror universe episode at the end of the series.  There are one or two episodes that will put you to sleep.  The acting is top notch, although the vulcan character is not very good in the first season.      If you can ignore the problems with the story line and remember there is a lot of time travel episodes, it's a good show.  I deal with this by pretending this show has nothing to do with the rest of the star trek universe.  In fact, it wasn't even called \\"Star Trek Enterprise\\" the first season.  They changed the name to improve ratings.  I think B&B should have done a different space show without star trek using time travel.  That was their mistake.      And remember, whenever you see the security officer, think \\"Vidal Sassoon .\\" (search for the 80s ad, it's funny)
B000002H70|5.0|This review is meant for folks who wouldn't consider themselves hard-core fans, but who are interested in The Cure.    80's Alternative remains my music of choice even in 2008.  I've always been a fan of The Cure, but wouldn't have called myself \\"hard-core\\" - up until this album I owned only four Cure albums.  I pulled out KISS ME KISS ME KISS ME to introduce The Cure to a friend belonging to the generation below mine (I'm an X-er), who loves current dark, brooding Alternative music.  I explained that The Cure did for Alternative music what Led Zeppelin did for Rock music, and invited him to explore the roots of Alternative.  Not having listened to the album in a while, and feeling sort of reintroduced to it myself, I got a hankerin' for more, and went on Amazon to look for my next Cure purchase.  I decided to check out DISINTEGRATION because I recognized a few songs, and the reviews for it were outstanding.  In fact, the reviews were all so good, that my expectations were so high that I was afraid I would be let down.  Trust me when I say, it did not disappoint.      I can't get the stinkin' thing out of my CD player at work.  It reminds me of a concept album of sorts, flowing so easily from one song to the next, not changing your mood, but holding you hostage to hear the entire record.  I find myself rewinding the song if I leave my office for even a moment.  The vibe of the record isn't quite as dark as I expected, but to me, very sensual and alluring.      I am so looking forward now to building my Cure collection.  By the way, this is most definitely my favorite of my now five Cure albums.  Based on many helpful reviews, I think I'll try BLOODFLOWERS next.
031606792X|5.0|A great wrap up to the series.  It wasn't my favorite of the series, but how could a book with Edward get lower than 5 stars?  He's got to be my most favorite fictional character ever created.  Thank you Stephanie Meyer's for bringing this story into all of our lives.
1416960953|5.0|My 10 year old son loved this book. He and friends went out collecting bugs and plants pretending to be authur spiderwick.
031606792X|5.0|Stephenie Meyers did an excellent job on this book!     Even if it is to be the last from Bella's point of view I really hope we still get to see Bella and Edward in other books.     I loved that she didn't feel the need to kill off important people or force harder than necessary choices on the characters. I love how everything worked out.     In the 1st part of the book alone I got everything I wanted and some wonderful suprises! They struggled enough in the books that a happy ending was perfectly deserved. And to people that think they should have suffered more, I say suffering is for real life, let fiction be fun!
031606792X|5.0|It seems that either you love it or you hate it...apparently there is not much in between.    I do love it. Although I was all prepared for a major disappointment after the spoilers spread a view days before the release.  I am very glad now, that I managed to keep my open mind (although it was pretty hard).     I enjoyed Breaking Dawn as much as I enjoyed the other three books. The emotional rollercoaster ride was breathtaking and the plot contained many twists -some expected and some not.    For me, Breaking Dawn is the perfect ending of the Twilight Saga and everything I waited for.    BTW: I read some comments here that apparently only teenage girls and mothers would love Breaking Dawn. Well, for the records, I am 33 and have no children.
B0017HRCQU|5.0|The only bad thing about this is that when TDN comes out. there will probably be an awsome box set and ill be itching for it.     Awsome set up by the way. Love this movie, and Blu-Ray is awsome!
B000E1ZBGS|2.0|This version of Pride and Prejudice is pretty bad.  It is more like a poorly produced junior high play than a movie.  Not even Judi Dench and Donald Sutherland can rescue this one.  The main actors are so flat.  They seem to want to rush through the movie to get it overwith and do not have any stage presence at all.  Only the camera angle and choreography of the scenes keeps your attention.  The acting of the main characters just isn't up to snuff - at all.  Buy the A&E Version with Colin Firth and Jennifer Ehle from Amazon. It is an exquisite version that is exceptionally well done.  The \\"Americanized\\" air of this modern version leaves you wanting to watch the A&E version, even if it is much longer.
031606792X|5.0|The title says it all. The book was great. No...more than great. It was magnificent. Bella evolved into a mature woman before our very eyes in Breaking Dawn. She got over her teenage angst as soon as Nessie came into the picture. The fact that most of you are coming on here talking about how disappointed you are in the book is extremely immature. Even SM read it and was hurt by the comments that were posted. This book was meant to entertain us, not for us to sit there to moan and complain about how it didn't end the way you wanted it to end. How would you guys like it if you wrote a book and all these people were trying to change the way you saw the story? You wouldn't like it one bit, and that's a fact. The Twilight Saga was HER idea; therefore, she can do with it whatever she pleases. It was always meant to be a love story. Bella didn't need to sacrifice anything. Considering that she'd been living through so much in the first three books, I think she was long overdue for a happy ending. You guys need to stop your complaining and accept the fact that this was a great ending to Bella's story; it doesn't matter what shape it took.<br /><br />Those are my two cents...if you don't like it, tough cookies! suck it up!
B00003JRCQ|5.0|Persuasion is a wonderful story.  Who hasn't wanted to go back and rekindle a romance that was prematurely cut short by the wrong advice of friends?  This is an excellent verion of Persuasion.  The actors are well cast and very likeable.  Your heart breaks for Anne who listened to bad advice and did not make her own choice in love and marry Wentworth the first time he proposed.  It just shows you that you cannot take advice that is so contrary to what your heart and mind tells you - even from family.  It is a charming story that pulls you in as the acting is very well done and the story line is well adapted to this film version.  It is a very charming story to watch.
031606792X|1.0|To know that this is published, is to lose faith in the book industry in general.
B00005MP58|5.0|Bravo.  Well done.  Though it seems like the longest movie I have ever watched in my life, it is exceptionally well done.  Good to watch all the way thought when you are home from work sick and have time on your hands.  You can feel the struggle, the joys, and the sadness of these characters and their hopes of finding love.  You want to watch it to the very end to see how it turns out.  The actors are excellent.  The mother, Mrs. Bennet is absolutely whacked in head. This actress did a good job.  You want to commit her every time she opens her big mouth.  The relationship tension between Elizabeth and Mr. Darcy keeps drawing you in to see if they will every get together at the end.  The countryside scenes from England were very well chosen.  A&E did their homework and it shows!
B00003CXPD|5.0|One of my friends recently told me that `Billy Elliot' was a solid A+ multiplied by one-thousand.  That was enough to get me to search it out and watch it, since I had really up until that point heard very little about it at all.  When I read the back of the DVD case this big smile forced itself onto my face, for `Billy Elliot' is just my kind of movie.  Then I watched it, and while I don't know about the whole `multiplied by one-thousand' bit, I can truly say that `Billy Elliot' is a sold A+ and is most definitely the greatest movie of the year that was 2000 (yes, I have finally placed bias aside and concluded that `Gladiator' wasn't the greatest movie of the year; but of the Academy's final five I have no doubt it was the deserved winner).<br /><br />Billy Elliot is an eleven-year-old boy who lives with his father and brother in a small coal mining town in England.  Billy's father Jackie works hard to provide for his boys, but with the current strike forcing him to the picket lines monies are now very difficult to come by.  Still, Jackie scrimps together whatever he can to send Billy to boxing lessons.  When Billy catches a glimpse of Mrs. Wilkinson's ballet class though, he is instantly enamored and desires to dance as apposed to box.  Of course the idea of a boy dancing is looked down on and so Billy keeps his lessons secret, but his secret is soon unveiled and he has to learn to stand up for himself and persevere despite any opposition from his family and friends.<br /><br />`Billy Elliot' (originally titled `Dancer', and I'm so glad they changed the title since `Dancer' almost adds to the feminine stereotypes the film is fighting against in my opinion) is a beautiful testament to the human spirit and to the right that each and everyone of us has be exactly who we want to be, regardless of others opinions or expectations.  The people around Billy seem ignorant and narrow-minded, condemning Billy for his interest and talent, but through conviction and dedication Billy is able to change the minds of those who oppose him.<br /><br />The performances in this film are all phenomenal.  Even small performances like Jamie Draven (who plays Billy's older brother Tony) and Jean Heywood (who plays Billy's Grandmother) are memorable and exciting.  Julie Walters, who plays Billy's dance instructor Mrs. Wilkinson, scored an Oscar nomination for her performance in the film (although is she really supporting?) and rightfully so, for her effortless mix of tenacity and compassion helps create a brilliant canvas for Billy.  Gary Lewis is amazing as Billy's father.  Throughout the film he comes across so raw and real, like a real father and not a Hollywood fabrication (he's neither too lenient nor is he too restrictive) and his final scene, just his face and that stare of awe, made me cry.  Stuart Wells is also fabulous as Billy's best friend Michael.  He matches Bell's charisma and naturalness frame for frame.<br /><br />But this is the Billy show, and so Jamie Bell gets top honors for creating a character that is believable and understandable and relatable.  His performance (which rightfully won him a BAFTA) is utterly outstanding.  How he missed out on the Oscar nomination is beyond me, for he captures every ounce of Billy's struggle magically.  I love the way that when Billy is around other people he walks with a swagger, an almost forced manliness.  I noticed this first when he was leaving the bookstore.  He had been looking at the ballet book and was called out on it and so his leave, this macho walk as if he were a tough boy, felt as though he were compensating, as if his masculinity had been challenged and he had to defend it.  These small details may go unnoticed by many, but when you do notice them you come to realize the brilliance that was this performance.<br /><br />I want to make a quick mention of the outstanding soundtrack, which really plays much like its own character in the film.  Each song is a perfect compliment to thescene in which it embodies.<br /><br />`Billy Elliot' is such a heartwarming film and really should be seen by everyone (the course language may not be suitable for children, but you know your kids better than I do).  The story itself is so beautiful and the touching relationship that forms between father and son as the film draws to its conclusion is almost too poignant for words.  There aren't too many excellent father/son dramas made today, and despite being about so much more than that, the sheer satisfaction that comes from watching this fathers love for his son triumph in the end is the one thing that sticks with me longer and stronger than any other facet of the film.lly Elliot' is such a heartwarming film and really should be seen by everyone (the course language may not be suitable for children, but you know your kids better than I do).  The story itself is so beautiful and the touching relationship that forms between father and son as the film draws to its conclusion is almost too poignant for words.  There aren't too many excellent father/son dramas made today, and despite being about so much more than that, the sheer satisfaction that comes from watching this fathers love for his son triumph in the end is the one thing that sticks with me longer and stronger than any other facet of the film.
B000WTBMBK|4.0|In terms of atmosphere and feeling, Burial's \\"Untrue\\" is everything the reviewers here have said: a cry of loneliness and despair from the empty, dark, cold, rain-soaked streets of some massive urban metropolis.  As many have said, it also feels intensely personal and intimate, unlike the rather alienated, mechanical feel of a lot of electronica these days.  As a backdrop for nostalgic, mournful thought, there is nothing better...<br /><br />And as long as your mind stays pre-occupied in such a way, you'll never realize you're listening to an extremely repetitive record that fails to change, evolve, or explore a lot of the possibilities and directions he could have taken with the chosen theme.  I believe Burial was trying to make a thematically consistent album (he even uses the same warped vocal samples in multiple tracks sometimes), but took it a bit too far.  If you listen to this album enough times, you'll be able to tell the tracks apart, but there is little to no stylistic variation.<br /><br />The production style is interesting, although I can't say whether it's been done before by someone else, since I'm not familiar with much \\"dubstep\\".  He doesn't really try to create a \\"spacious\\" feel or a cohesive audio environment, but rather opts to remind the listener of several familiar sounds at once:  Snowy TV screens, rain hitting the windshield of the car, distorting the golden glow of the streetlights as you drive through the night...<br /><br />Overall, I understand both the positive and negative reviews of this album.  I'd say, if this sounds like the kind of mood record you're in the mood for, buy it, but realize you're getting an album with pretty much no variation.  For me, sometimes it's a 5, sometimes it's more like a 3... making my final rating a solid 4 stars.
B00003CXA2|3.0|I know that I should love this movie since everyone else in the world does, but I can't help but get this overwhelming singe of disappointment every time I sit down to watch this movie (which isn't often, but I recently watched this for the third time thinking that maybe I was harsh on it the first two times).  `Forrest Gump' is what I consider, as my title suggests, mediocrity done extremely well.  It's what happens when you take a clich&eacute; ridden story and fill it with gimmicky characters who speak mind-numbing (albeit entertaining) dialog.  There is a layer of originality that spreads itself thin over the film, but overall the film is bogged down by its own aspirations.  It is trying way to hard and failing most of the way.  It is not a bad film, but it is no where near the top of the pack, not even in 1994, which was a sub par year in general.<br /><br />I know that `Forrest Gump' has its rabid supporters (thus the reason that every review under a five-star gets trashed by the next reviewer) and I am literally stripped of my dignity every time this movie is brought up among friends since apparently I am the only person I know who sees that there is simply nothing here to get excited over (actually I do remember one time that one of my friends nodded in agreement with me, and then his wife let us both have it).<br /><br />So I don't get yelled at, there are some spoilers below, so be forewarned.<br /><br />So, here are my issues with `Forrest Gump'.  The story is actually good in my opinion, or at least the idea behind it.  Having one man make an unintentional impact on the entire world and be utterly clueless to it is actually interesting.  If the plot hadn't been muddled with clich&eacute;d characters from the very beginning then it really could have been worked into genius.  But that wasn't the case.  The character of Forrest isn't the biggest clich&eacute; (although he is clich&eacute;d, don't get me wrong) but all the people around him (from his mother to his war buddy to the love of his life) are so `been-there-done-that' that I can't understand why someone didn't stop production and ask why they couldn't create something a little different.  The performances for the most part work to elevate the familiarity (especially Wright, whose character is probably the most clich&eacute;d in the bunch) but it doesn't really help much.<br /><br />Another problem that I have with `Forrest Gump' is Tom Hanks.  Hanks is kind of like the king of gimmick for me.  I don't think he is the strongest actor and it feels as if he relies to heavily on his characters gimmick's to elevate his performance and acceptance.  He won back to back Oscars for barely doing anything.  Really, he played a man dying of AIDS and then he played a man mentally handicapped, the two biggest Oscar bait gimmicks out there, but his personal performance was nothing spectacular.  The final frames of the film are truly the strongest, and yes, when he realizes that he has a child his reaction is raw and real and heartbreaking, especially when he asks if his son is smart, but honestly that is one scene (the best scene in the film mind you) and one scene does not make you a good actor.  Robin Wright Penn and Gary Sinise are actually very good here (Sally Field cannot step out of her character clich&eacute; long enough to do anything decent here) but there performances are muddled down by the mediocrity surrounding them.  I am not for one minute saying that no movie should be made about wounded war vets or the mentally handicapped or the drug addicted floozy, but when so much of it is thrown into the same pot it begins to feel as if no one involved with this project has an imagination.<br /><br />The film feels very force-fed at times, like it's spoon feeding the audience mouthfuls of manipulated sympathies.  I know that I am like the last person to complain about that since I cry every time I watch a Ron Howard film (talk about emotional manipulations) but Ron Howard has a way of making all that syrup go down smooth; and Zemeckis doesn't (at least for me).<br /><br />I just don't buy it.<br /><br />I don't know, maybe I am really harsh and maybe I take life way to seriously as some angered reviewers have claimed anyone who doesn't rave this movie must do.  I'm not saying that it isn't entertaining and even enjoyable.  This is just not an Oscar movie.  It's more of a C+ than an A+ in my book.  Like I said, it's done well, really well, but that still doesn't make up for the lapses in judgment on the part of the writers, directors and lead actor (at least he tries in some scenes here as apposed to his horrendously mediocre `Philadelphia' performance the previous year).  When I look back at the films that `Forrest Gump' beat out for the top prize (namely `The Shawshank Redemption', `Pulp Fiction' and the un-nominated `Heavenly Creatures') I am dumbfounded that the world fell for this living breathing clich&eacute;, wrapped in a feel good package.'t (at least for me).      I just don't buy it.    I don't know, maybe I am really harsh and maybe I take life way to seriously as some angered reviewers have claimed anyone who doesn't rave this movie must do.  I'm not saying that it isn't entertaining and even enjoyable.  This is just not an Oscar movie.  It's more of a C+ than an A+ in my book.  Like I said, it's done well, really well, but that still doesn't make up for the lapses in judgment on the part of the writers, directors and lead actor (at least he tries in some scenes here as apposed to his horrendously mediocre `Philadelphia' performance the previous year).  When I look back at the films that `Forrest Gump' beat out for the top prize (namely `The Shawshank Redemption', `Pulp Fiction' and the un-nominated `Heavenly Creatures') I am dumbfounded that the world fell for this living breathing clich, wrapped in a feel good package.
0307387178|4.0|Usually, I hate to review a book on any grounds other than the quality of the book itself, but as I read the one-star reviews, I was very bothered by the number of people who said \\"well, the writing is great, but the kid was a fool/ an idiot/ etc.\\"  First, the writing....it's very good.  It's a four-star book.  There are moments where Krakauer gets a little hyperbolic and over the top, and in the early stages of the book he doesn't do a great job of keeping the narrative clear- I found it hard to follow Chris' journey through the lower 48.  Also, at the end, when the author devotes a lot of time to explaining the potential seed pod poisoning that may have killed Chris, it seems a little out of place and drags the pace slightly.  Other than that, the story is riveting and told with a great amount of passion.    As far as Chris McCandless, I was saddened and angered to read in the book about the hate mail Krakauer received and about the anger directed towards Chris McCandless.  We live in a time when there are plenty of Americans, myself included, who think we are doing more than our fellows for the environment by turning the thermostat up to 80 during the day and putting out our recycling bins.  There are many of us who feel very sincerely the plight of the poor but don't donate to Oxfam or Harvest Hope because we are too \\"poor\\", yet we own HD Televisions.  This story is the story of a young man who had high ideals for himself- maybe not ideals we all share, but lofty ones nonetheless.  He was truly concerned about hunger- so he gave almost every last penny he owned to charity.  He believed in living a life of spiritual, not material value, and surviving in nature, and he did that.  He never asked to be helped other than a ride or a sofa to crash on, he never asked to be pitied, and he never blamed anyone for anything.  This young man lived his life fully in his ideals, alone.  It ended tragically and he did some things that were foolish, no doubt.  But this was notjust some dilettante.  This kid kayaked the colorado river on his own with no training.  He spent two years rootless in the American west without coming to harm.  And he lived in the bush in Alaska for nearly 4 months.  There have been many highly skilled and trained hunters, climbers, and woodsmen who have died in the wild from nothing more than bad luck, and no one calls them \\"holy fools.\\"  McCandless, for living his ideals to the fullest with kindness and charity to those he met was more than admirable, he was virtuous, and those who castigate him are unkind and unjust.
B0016MJ6HY|2.0|I really wanted to like this movie.  I remember when the buzz surrounding this movie started flooding in during the beginning of 2007 and everyone was predicting it for all kinds of awards beings that it was Kar Wai Wong's first English language film and the casting of singer songwriter Norah Jones in the lead role was particularly interesting.  I waited patiently for the buzz to turn into full-fledged madness but it seemed as if no sooner did the buzz begin then the buzz died and before I knew it the film wasn't even being released for a wide release and I had to wait until it was available on DVD before I could see it.  Regardless of the fact that it managed only one nomination (at Cannes mind you) I still really wanted to see this film, and so I did, and now that Cannes nomination baffles me, because `My Blueberry Nights' is very disappointing.<br /><br />`My Blueberry Nights' gets off to a sour start.  In fact for the first twenty minutes or so absolutely nothing happens.  We see Elizabeth, a frantic stalker-type ex-girlfriend going in and out of a bakery where she continues to ask the owner Jeremy if he has seen the man she was last in there with and they eat some pie and she watches some surveillance videos and cries and she gives him her keys to give to her ex and then she picks up and leaves town.  I know that sounds like a lot, but it's not when you watch it.  It's slow moving and rather vapid.<br /><br />In fact the whole movie feels rather vapid.<br /><br />There are a lot of critics who talk about Kar Wai Wong's infatuation with lovesickness, but I really didn't gather that here.  I saw glimpses of it, sure, but overall the feeling I was left with was more empty than fulfilled.  Sadly this was the first Kar Wai Wong film I have seen (but I do have `In the Mood for Love' in my Netflix queue) and I am left a little confused as to why this director is so lauded.  I will allow his other films to change my mind though.<br /><br />The acting is decent for the most part, excels in some areas and falls flat in others.  Norah Jones is beyond doubt a phenomenal singer and musician.  Her music touches my soul.  Her acting is uninspired and bland.  There is a part in the film when Faison's character says quite frankly to Weisz's character that he doesn't know what her ex-husband ever saw in her.  As he was speaking those words I was thinking the same thing, but about Jones's character, wondering how anyone could find her remotely interesting.  Her eyes are dead and she embodies no real emotion.  Jude Law is charming across the board; a little obnoxious in some areas but overall strong.  David Strathairn is stronger still as the alcoholic police officer Arnie.  His subtle outbursts within his own skin are far too good for the movie he inhabits.  Rachel Weisz is probably the most entertaining thing about this movie in the way that Thandie Newton is the most entertaining thing about `Crash'; a little uneven but uneven to perfection.  Natalie Portman is entertaining yet nothing impressive.  Her performance is decent, but doesn't really add anything to her character.<br /><br />I also found the incessant, repetitive use of Norah Jones's music throughout the beginning portion of the film to be rather unnecessary and annoying.<br /><br />By the time the film was wrapping up I was wondering what it was all about, what the whole purpose of this exercise was.  Sure, Elizabeth was supposed to find herself out on the road with all these people she doesn't understand and eventually realize that Jeremy is the one she wants to be with, but that point could have been delivered a little clearer and a little more interestingly.  I just found `My Blueberry Nights' to be a waste of talent and concept and apparently director, unless all of his films are like this and I'm just not intelligent enough to `get' them.s and falls flat in others.  Norah Jones is beyond doubt a phenomenal singer and musician.  Her music touches my soul.  Her acting is uninspired and bland.  There is a part in the film when Faison's character says quite frankly to Weisz's character that he doesn't know what her ex-husband ever saw in her.  As he was speaking those words I was thinking the same thing, but about Jones's character, wondering how anyone could find her remotely interesting.  Her eyes are dead and she embodies no real emotion.  Jude Law is charming across the board; a little obnoxious in some areas but overall strong.  David Strathairn is stronger still as the alcoholic police officer Arnie.  His subtle outbursts within his own skin are far too good for the movie he inhabits.  Rachel Weisz is probably the most entertaining thing about this movie in the way that Thandie Newton is the most entertaining thing about `Crash'; a little uneven but uneven to perfection.  Natalie Portman is entertaining yet nothing impressive.  Her performance is decent, but doesn't really add anything to her character.    I also found the incessant, repetitive use of Norah Jones's music throughout the beginning portion of the film to be rather unnecessary and annoying.    By the time the film was wrapping up I was wondering what it was all about, what the whole purpose of this exercise was.  Sure, Elizabeth was supposed to find herself out on the road with all these people she doesn't understand and eventually realize that Jeremy is the one she wants to be with, but that point could have been delivered a little clearer and a little more interestingly.  I just found `My Blueberry Nights' to be a waste of talent and concept and apparently director, unless all of his films are like this and I'm just not intelligent enough to `get' them.
B000YABIQ6|5.0|Loved this -- got it a day before it was released for sale in stores. The video is great and the packaging is so cool...
B000MGBSI0|5.0|its awesome to own because no one runs it except the soap opera channel which i dont subscribe to. i loved the show and i got a great deal. it was only 19.99 when i ordered it.
B000J10ERO|3.0|Kind of long, and the special effects are sometimes strange, but for a superman fan, it is good stuff. Just it has been done before,<br />without the twist of super-son.<br />Kevin Spacey is quite the villain you might want and Kate Bosworth<br />is maybe not as sexy as other Lois actresses?<br />But the plot with the crystal growing island is pretty good.<br />I like it.
031606792X|5.0|I read the three books from SM and they were all amazingly good, and I love how she ends the Saga.  Breaking Dawn was what I expected and more, at the beginning me being in Team Edward until the death, I was mad when I saw the second book call JACOB, ahhhh, I did hate that, but after reading some more I understand the purpose, now I kind of like Jacob, I still Edward's team.  Breaking Dawn showed so much about the other characters, the story was well written and it make sense to me.<br /><br />Breaking Down Rocks, people need to understand that during the whole novels we were walking toward this, I like the book it was amazing.
031606792X|5.0|To begin with, i'm highly dissapointed with all of the negatives reviews the all the SOOO called \\"twilight saga\\" fans are giving. OK so there's no need to say that NOT everybody was going to be pleased about the ending, but to me it seems that those of you that said that breaking dawn is crap is because you obviously didn't READ IT or didn't get INTO it.  Before i read Breaking Dawn i knew about the spoilers... although i was very surprised, i didn't let all those negative comments get in my head. Some people were saying that they weren't even gonna waste their money or time to buy such a crap... but my freinds and I (as loyal twilight fans) decided that we were gonna read it by OURSELVES to see if it really was as \\"dissapointing\\" as everybody was saying...  So i went to the midnight release party, andd finish the book in the following 2 days.  So everything begins fantastic, bella is her USUAL self... all paranoid about the wedding and being the center of attention and blah blah blah... we all know how she is! So the wedding is really sweet, the honey moon got me on the edge of my seat, i felt as nervous as she was.  Here's to the people that says that everything went downhill when she finds outs she's pregnant... (i'm 18, a teeenger just like bella and i don't  have any kids) why are people all of a sudden saying she's sooooo inmatureee and irresponsible??? in twilgiht S Meyer even describes bella as \\"NO TEENAGE GIRL AT ALL\\", as being a responsible woman, even more than her own mother... and the fact that she was willing to LEAVE he mother behind just so that she could be happy with Phil, to go to some creepy town that she DETESTED is soooo inmature ISN'T?????!! OF COURSE!  Back to the point of breaking dawn... OF COURSE she was going to LOVE her child...i mean COME ON PEOPLE!!! if you cannot love your own children then you don't deserve to be call a WOMAN by any degree. Besides if was a child concieve by the LOVE OF HER LIFE a.k.a \\"edward cullen\\". Being mature issticking to your opinions and beliefs, and that's what Bella did. Being mature is being able to sacrifice yourself for the will of others.. and that's what she did, she was decided to give her life for her daughter!    Speaking of the \\"where's the message\\" topic.    First of all the twilgiht saga is a FANTASY/FICTION books which mean that the story is NOT real, ANYTHING can happen because it comes from IMAGINATION, so all of you that read it should have used a bit of IMAGINATION to be able to UNDERSTAND the book a bit better!!!   Some people are saying that bella didn't sacrafice herself at all because she ended up with eveything a person could have. Well tell me PLEASE what were you expecting???? sooo nobody seemed to be happy with them having a kid... and bella's protecting shield... (i was expecting her power to be something like that.. it kinda gives you clues that it was going to be something like that in the previous books, with all the \\"nobody can read her mind\\" and Jane and Alec trying to make her feel pain) so what EXACTLY did you want??? 700 pages talking about bella and edward lovey-dovey love at the honey moon???? And she did gave up something... her family (in some way) her old friends, her old self, her old life. (just the fact that she was willing to give up her life to be with edward is a sacrifice)    Her power (to me) it's awesome... we see how she changes when she becomes a vampire, how protective she is with her daughter and her family, how her power helped them when the Volturi where around..    Speaking about Jacob... honestly i was expecting to see a lit bit more of how his \\"love\\" story was going to end, i thought he was going to end with some girl and eveybody will be happy, but when i found out (based on the hideous spoilers) that he imprinted on bella's daughter, it was a lit bit freaky, and hard to digest. But as i've been saying READ the book, REALLY GET INTO IT. When i was reading how jacob imprinted on Nessie and how he takes care of her and protects her, i was impressed... yeahhhh because S meyer describes his emotions and how Nessie loves him back, in such a way that makes you feel HAPPY (for them) or at the very least OK with it. ( i would LOVE if Stephenie Meyer could write a book about Jacob and Nessie story later on)    TO everyone that HASN'T read it yet, don't let those bad reviews put you down... go and read breaking dawn... find out for YOURSELF if it is good or bad, you're the only one who could decide that. I'm SURE you'll LOVE IT AS MUCH AS I DID!    Personal opinion about the book: it was the BEST one of the series. it got the ending that was MEANT be... and as the description says, IT WILL TAKE YOUR BREATH AWAY!!!!
0316067601|5.0|In the Back of Todays Soldier He has not only the worry of the Enemy Ending his and his fellow soldiers life in the blink of an eye.  He fights the American Media and sadly it seems today, alot of folks in our US Of A side with the Enemy.  WW2 soldiers had the support and care of the American people and rightfully so.    Marcus Lutrell lost his 3 Teamates and close friends devoting time to the \\"what if\\" consequences of ridding of the suspected enemy, In this case 3 peasants. They let them go and Well you read the book.....    It is very hard to fight an enemy that blends in civilian life. Unlike in WW2 where the Germans or Japanese were clealry out in the open to distinguish the Enemy to a GI soldier.  Today's soldier has to guess Civilian or Foe??  Not much time is given when ones life is on the line.  Freedom isn't Free   To many men gave there lives to support a spoiled ungrateful country as is today's America.  Thank you Marcus and all the soldiers who gave there life, There are some of us that are grateful and supportive.    l
B00168OINA|1.0|Like many I was really looking forward to seeing a great Indiana Jones movie again, wow was I disappointed.  I typically do not want to get caught up in the whole this is the way it was (the first 3 movies) and here is the new look version (this one) as I want to keep an open mind, but after seeing it, I can say this is nothing like the first 3.  This movie was so chopped and way far out there, I couldn't believe that I was actually watching the movie and not some SNL skit.  I love George Lucas of the '80s, but he has failed us now for the 4th time with his computer-generated garbage. I'm sick of seeing dancing groundhogs, flying monkeys (that are more intelligent that some of the 'bad' guys in the movie) in his movies, they are always out place, but this take the cake.  Besides the UFO going to, ummm, interspace (where ever that is), and the crazy woman bad guy want to know everything to the point her head blows up, how could anyone ever survive a nuclear explosion (yes nuclear explosion) by climbing in a refrigerator?  Well Indy did. Recommendation, save the $10 bucks at the movie, or the $27.95 for the blu-ray and spend it where it should go:  Iron Man or The Dark Knight.
031606792X|3.0|I was soo excited to start this book, only to find it took an awful twist. I have to agree the whole \\"Reneesme\\" thing was a bit unsettling. How does a girl whom is completely consumed with this vampire with a total fear of the recent wedding, become so accepting and furthermore excited about this child inside of her? I hated how weak of a character she became at this point. I know she was always kind of timid, but come on.   And to recruit Rosalie?? I never really liked this character anyway, maybe because I never truly bought the whole \\"I was engaged and my fiance and his friends tortured me to my death in the street and all I ever wanted was a baby\\" story line. What was the point of the protection she provided? I thought maybe she had something to gain, but I was surprised that when Bella came to, Rose happily handed Reneesme over...of course not before she was sure that her mother wouldn't consume her.   And let's not get started on the child's name!! Reneesme Carlie???? I hated it!! I hated having to repeat all through the book. I think Steph could have been a little more creative with that one.   Everything was really just disturbing about this child, most of all though...the imprinting process. Ugh! How do you help raise a child only to later become their lover? I didn't like it with Quil, but I tried to overlook it. It was even worse with Bella's child. It really was like he was just looking for the next best thing. Did the one being imprinted on get a choice in the matter?   Charlie...he went from being so protective of his daughter to I don't want to know anything. The Cheif of Police didn't want to ask any questions?   I did enjoy this book maybe because it fed my Bella and Edward addiction but I don't feel that it was as good as the others. I wanted so much more for Bella--college, finding herself, something more...
031606792X|1.0|First I have a question. What was Stephenie thinking?? Are you kidding me? I have the worst mental pictures ever now engraved into my brain. Did she seriously start reading this to her children? If I was that young and listening to this story, I would be scarred for life I think. Especially if I was a little girl. I would never want to get pregnant EVER!     So can anyone recommend a book for me? I need something more then this. I need 'real' literature. Not borderline romance novels with gore and no climax. Thanks
031606792X|1.0|What happened? I loved Twilight. The butterflies were fliting as much as my 37 year old married self would let them. A great premise, scintillating dialogue and unique characters.     But the final (thank goodness) installment is reaching, trite, contradictory, and LAME.  (Who really wrote Breaking Dawn?) Now all these giddy, pre-teen fans who don't know any better have been sucked up into this R-rated lameness.  Oh, Stephanie, what have you done. . . .
0756404746|2.0|To start I'll admit I've only sucessfully read 2 other fantasy novels. A Game of Thrones - George R.R Martin, and Gardens of the Moon - Stephen Ericson. By any measure this book is the least enjoyable of the three.     The Name of the Wind is essentially a very slow, overwritten coming-of-age story with astoinishingly little action for a series called 'The Kingkiller Cronicle'. The worldbuilding was especially lackluster, with absolutely no information given on the broader politics or regional issues of the world. That would be excusable if there was a compelling plot to keep us interested, but sadly you won't fine one. Truth be told, there is no coherant plotline or consistent conflict, just a lot of singing and crying over remarkably lame stories. The result is a melodramatic story of a kid going to school, albeit fairly well written, loaded with lots and lots of cheese. Not at all worth your precious reading hours.     If you're expecting the first book of this series to live up to its name 'The Kingkiller Chronicle' - buy a different book. This one is half Harry Potter, half Hanna Montana.
031606792X|1.0|First of all there are sooo many things wrong with the series as a whole that I don't really know where to start.<br />It really disturbs me that girls fawn over Edward. Fiction or not. Edward is a horrible character.<br />He is a total control freak and I believe in the real world he is what one would call a stalker. He sneaks into her room to watch her sleep. Tells her who to be friends with and who not. Makes he cut ties with her family. This isn't romance. At least not the type a girl dreams of. While it may not be physical it is abuse and I am not sure I would want to be sending that message to anyone.<br />Bella is a teenage girl. She is weak. She is whiny. She is selfish. She has no real guidance. And there are no real consequences. Her whole life is centered around a no good man. She has no real aspirations other than to become immortal and she lusts after a vampire.<br />The very idea that getting married at 18 alone is pathetic. Forget college forget a life.. get married and forget your sense of self. Just the message you want for today's girls. Don't worry about anything just go find yourself a rich man, get married, have a baby (which in throughout the series SM drilled into us couldn't happen so why the sudden change?) and become immortal. Wow. Why didn't I think of that when I was 18?<br />Oh... I know. Because I have a brain! I wanted more for my life than the 1800s way of living.<br />Edward is a wimp. Jacob isn't any better and Bella whines too much.<br />Why is this series so popular?<br />Happy endings are great but in the vampire world seldom happen. No one made me buy it, true because I checked it out of a library and still felt I had wasted money somehow.
031606792X|3.0|(Note: this review is as spoiler-free as possible, hence the lack of spoilerish details)<br /><br />In Stephenie Meyer's Twilight Saga, Isabella (Bella) Swan is caught in a supernatural love triangle between the dazzling vampire Edward Cullen and Quileute werewolf Jacob Black. In [[ASIN:0316160172 Twilight (Twilight, Book 1)]], Bella met and fell in love with Edward, and throughout the next two books [[ASIN:0316024961 New Moon (The Twilight Saga, Book 2)]]and [[ASIN:0316036293 Eclipse Special Edition (The Twilight Saga)]], Meyer fleshed out her universe through her own brand of vampire and werewolf lore, including detailed descriptions of the clans, packs, and physical traits of each. Bella is determined from the very  beginning to have Edward turn her into a vampire, and in Eclipse they struck a bargain; Bella wants to have sex with Edward before he turns her into a vampire, and he demands marriage first in return. Breaking Dawn picks up at this point shortly before Bella's wedding.<br /><br />Breaking Dawn is divided into three books, two narrated by Bella and one by Jacob. The first book covers Bella's wedding, honeymoon, and its disastrous aftereffects.  The second book continues the events from Jacob's point of view, since Bella is in the middle of an extremely dangerous health crisis. The third book is resumed by Bella and wraps up the Twilight Saga as told by Bella (the next book, Midnight Sun, is essentially a retelling of Twilight from Edward's point of view).<br /><br />Without giving too much away, Breaking Dawn attempts to please everyone, and this is its downfall. Yes, there are several loose ends tied up (all too conveniently), but there are also disappointing lapses, such as the super-brief description of Bella's wedding. Given, Bella's attitude is, \\"let's get this over with and to the wedding night, tally-ho!\\", but still, it would have been nice for a little more description; I had the same complaint with Meyer's description of Bella's graduation. Also, despite not being sexually explicit, there is much bruising, ripped pillows, and destroyed furniture throughout, and married Bella constantly has sex on the brain (convenient, since Meyer's vamps are unable to sleep. Hey Edward, I know what we can do all night!). This is a complete change from the generally chaste Twilight; now we're bombarded with talk of tampons and  all-night romps that destroy furniture and cause full-body bruising. Bella's former struggle against her attraction for the scaldingly-hot, impulsive werewolf versus the ice cold, rational vampire is conveniently resolved by a disturbing case of imprinting (the werewolf version of love at first sight) on a child. The supposed danger facing Bella and the Cullens was resolved all too easily (\\"sorry, guys, just a little misunderstanding! Call off the bloodthirsty hoards!\\"). Jacob's love for Bella is conveniently transferred to a similarly inappropriate substitute (in a pedophile kind of way; love at first sight with toddlers is just creepy).<br /><br />This is a book that is widely embraced by teenagers and young women, and the morals here aren't exactly empowering for those young, impressionable Twihards: if you obsess over the right man, he'll provide you with everything (Bella's former independent streak has gone out the window). Sex as a bargaining tool: the new Mrs. Cullen is carnally minded, even if the acts aren't explicitly described (her brother-in-law is constantly making sexual innuendos about Bella's voracious sexual appetite in front of her father). If you can't father a baby, ask your wife's best friend (who practically sexually assaulted her in an earlier book) to impregnate her instead.  And so on.<br /><br />The central dilemma is so implausible, I thought that this *had* to be bad fanfiction. Previous characters flit in and out with no resolution. Others are dropped like a stone to disappear without a trace, including Bella's mother Renee. Her father Charlie, an important characterin earlier books, is largely absent.  There are long stretches of red herrings and little-to-no-action that bogged the book down.  Also, the tone is completely off from Meyer's earliest writing; when I read the first chapter as released in the special edition of Eclipse, I seriously thought that it was amateurish fan fiction rather than the real deal. That feeling didn't abate; the characters seemed shallower,  there are several unnecessary diversions that seemed to last forever, and the ending was simply too convenient for the struggles and sacrifices of the characters in the previous three books. While I complained of the lack of plot in New Moon and the dragging battle in Eclipse, the \\"final confrontation\\" here is laughable. Breaking Dawn will provide a resolution for the most rabid Twihards, but I felt a sense of disappointment that the earlier struggles were so easily dispatched in favor of a \\"happily ever after\\" ending. It's still an engaging read, only don't expect the same Bella that you've come to know and love.There are long stretches of red herrings and little-to-no-action that bogged the book down.  Also, the tone is completely off from Meyer's earliest writing; when I read the first chapter as released in the special edition of Eclipse, I seriously thought that it was amateurish fan fiction rather than the real deal. That feeling didn't abate; the characters seemed shallower,  there are several unnecessary diversions that seemed to last forever, and the ending was simply too convenient for the struggles and sacrifices of the characters in the previous three books. While I complained of the lack of plot in New Moon and the dragging battle in Eclipse, the \\"final confrontation\\" here is laughable. Breaking Dawn will provide a resolution for the most rabid Twihards, but I felt a sense of disappointment that the earlier struggles were so easily dispatched in favor of a \\"happily ever after\\" ending. It's still an engaging read, only don't expect the same Bella that you've come to know and love.
1905236042|5.0|My kids loves this because THEY get to select the cards and twist Mama into a pretzel. It their choice and we are doing an activity TOGETHER. There are some good/simple breathing  & meditation techniques in there too, aside from the poses.
B00102F5WK|4.0|This was definitely a typical Hollywood portrayal of torture and rendition that I'm sure has gone on. I'm also sure that when authorities are out looking for suspects and leads, they undoubtedly come upon some that are false. I don't think they s/b tortured, but they shouldn't be given rights as US citizens either. I think this movie portrays the exception - a person who's been in the US for 20 years. What should be done? In this case he s/h/b brought in for questioning and detained. then released and watched. For others that have been caught like bin Ladens driver with missiles in the car, they should be imprisoned like he was.
B00144VBBS|5.0|I had only played Toby Keith's 35 Biggest Hits album for the first time and it was already among my favourite CDs. I hadn't heard a lot of his older songs and so I found the first CD on the double disk album a completly new experience and I loved every song I heard! While disk one is more ballady and from the 90's era, disk two is more of the recent funnier songs. I couldn't believe it was only around $11.99 USD (which came to about the same AUD at this time) and I would have payed that much just for the new single on there 'She's a Hottie' which I dare anyone to listen to and not be inspired to dance.  It's a great CD to have for parties or for one long Toby indulgence. I can't stop playing it and think it's a great price!  If you're not huge on his music, it's worth it just for the photos inside the booklet ;)  If you're already a fan, you'll love it. If you're not, then it's a great way to introduce you to this country superstar's music.
B00005JPY0|5.0|Again, another batman movie where the villian stills the show, heath ledger was awesome as the joker. basically this movie would not of made it with out the joker. Two-Face was horrible, i was actually suprised to see him in it. Tommy Lee Jones's Two-Face was better. Heath Ledger's joker was so insane, christian bale was okay. but after seeing all the batman movies Michael Keaton Takes the cake. he's still one of the best batmans, outside of adam west.but still this was an awesome movie.
0452289963|5.0|I LOVE this book and it's teachings.  I feel as though I have been given a very precious gift and now use Eckhart's wisdom in many areas of my life.  I cannot recommend this book highly enough.
B000BUYP4Q|5.0|The only thing that i can see wrong with this batman movie is that The Scarecrow sucked, they really messed up on that chracter. ras al ghoul kicked butt. i never heard of that villian untile i watched the special features. this movie was pretty good. christian bale did pretty good as batman. i'm not to hip on the new batmobile though the one in Batman 1988 was awesome. they should of kept that one. oh well. it was okay. but all in all the movie was good. it's a must see.
B000JBWWQ0|4.0|The book changed my thinking when it came out years ago and so I was excited to see it on DVD.  It appears to be a low budget movie but it gets the message across.  I have enjoyed it enough to have watched it a few times.    I even bought it for my best friend before her trip to Peru.
B000B5XOXY|5.0|Batman Forever is pretty good only because of the villians. Jim carrey basically made that show, with a little help from Tommy Lee Jones. This movie was meant for jim carrey. because he could go nuts. just like the character. he was perfect for the part. & tommy lee jones did a pretty good job with Two-Face.  Val Kilmer was okay as batman & Chris o'Donnell as robin, i think they rushed that. he was okay but i think they could of found someone better. but all in all the movie was enjoyable. if you like batman then you have to see this one. It's a Must see
B000T5O48U|5.0|There was many times I was looking for a special DVD, or a CD could not find it in most stores I visited, I saw an add with Amazon.com so I look it upon my computer, and found everything I was looking for.  Remember Amazon have just what you're looking for.
031606792X|5.0|I just finished reading the book today.  I absolutely LOOOOOVED IT!!!!  I had read some reviews that were completely horrible about the book.  There were quite a few and I was actually scared to read the book for fear of being utterly disappointed. Needless to say, I was fully aware of the gist of the book based on the reviews. So I very well new what to expect in reference to the pregnancy and the imprinting. However, I told myself that I could accept these things if valid and believable explanations were provided. I totally bought the explanations and it made complete sense to me. What I can't understand is why all the bad reviews chose to not accept the explanation. Again, it made complete sense. If you read that book from an impersonal point of view, every thing was validly explained. The problem is, all lot of people took it very personal because it was not the way THEY would have written the story. Therefore, they could not accept the explanations. Not because they weren't valid but, because they didn't want to. I encourage all who were angered by the direction the book took to TAKE YOUR TIME AND READ THE BOOK AGAIN. I know for a fact that a lot of people were so eager and psyched to get their mitts on the book that they blew through it and missed a lot of key points. Others got to the pregnancy part and just got angry and gave up. Some got to the pregnancy part and was so disappointed that the book afterwards felt like a let down. Again, taking the book WAY TOO PERSONAL. Remember, these are Mrs. Myer's stories from HER imagination, based in HER world, involving HER characters. Of course some people would be angry because it's not the ending that THEY would have written. Again, taking the book WAY TOO PERSONAL instead of taking the book for what it is, FICTIONAL E-N-T-E-R-T-A-I-N-M-E-N-T based in Mrs. Meyer's world. I LOOOVED the book and I plan on reading it again very soon. For those of you who hated the book, I implore you to write down your ending for the Twilight Saga. Maybe then you all will feel better and give the book another chance before totally condemning it. For those of you that have not read the book based solely on the negative reviews, read the book for yourselves and FORM YOUR OWN OPINION. Trust me, if I had never read a book solely based on negative reviews, I would have missed A LOT of GREAT reads. I.E., Harry Potter, Sookie Stackhouse series, Morganville Vampire series, Anita Blake series, Mercy Thompson series, The Black Jewels Trilogy, The Vampire Diaries, etc, etc, etc.  I could go on but I think my point was made. READ THE BOOK AGAIN.. or at least READ THE BOOK AND FORM YOUR OWN OPINIONTwilight Saga. Maybe then you all will feel better and give the book another chance before totally condemning it. For those of you that have not read the book based solely on the negative reviews, read the book for yourselves and FORM YOUR OWN OPINION. Trust me, if I had never read a book solely based on negative reviews, I would have missed A LOT of GREAT reads. I.E., Harry Potter, Sookie Stackhouse series, Morganville Vampire series, Anita Blake series, Mercy Thompson series, The Black Jewels Trilogy, The Vampire Diaries, etc, etc, etc.  I could go on but I think my point was made. READ THE BOOK AGAIN.. or at least READ THE BOOK AND FORM YOUR OWN OPINION
1594489505|5.0|A Thousand Splendid Suns tells a vivid story from two different points of view that eventually come together as the female main characters. These women come from two very different backgrounds, and the contrast helps shed light on how they react to their environment. I thought The Kite Runner was well written, but this book speaks to the human condition of injustice that we all feel at some point in our lives. Although some may find this book depressing, I felt it was a realistic portrayal of how life is in this world. Not a fairy tale ending, but completely appropriate. The text carries over from page to page seamlessly, and any interruption to the read is an annoyance, be it a trip to the refridgerator or the more urgent call to employement. Perfect read for the last lazy days of August, excellent for discussion, heartwrenching and thought provoking, A Thousand Splendid Suns provides a look into a world far from what most Americans are concerned with in their daily lives.
B000PC6A3E|5.0|One of the best parts about this blu-ray is the commentary & the new imax trailer on this blu-ray will blow you away.    It's like watching it all over again in the theaters only clearer and better.    I thought the video quality wasn't as sharp as i've seen other blu-rays like Pirates of the Carribean or Casino Royal, but all in all a great blu-ray to add to your collection.
0156030209|4.0|Perhaps what I liked most about this book is the fresh and unique story it told. Person lost at sea, what's so unique about that? Not much, but what is unique is the way the character deals with his dilemma, as well as his unlikely companions. The psychological twist at the end will have you introspectively engaged long after you finish the novel. I don't often read novels twice, but I picked this one up again just to make sure I didn't miss anything. Delightful, and quite sharable, you'll want to pass it along when you're finished.
B00151G08Y|5.0|I know a lot of people have been talking trash about this new CD from Pendulum but i dont understadn why. Pendulum's first CD, Hold Your Colour, was awesum, and this one is just as good if not better.    I think people are complaining about this CD because it is more rock/electronica then D&B. But Pendulum has always classified themselves more so as a rock band then D&B, so this In Silico just more so focuses on that.    The CD still has amazing bass (of course!) and there are songs on here that fit nicely into the D&B catagory. Like Showdown, Different, Visions, Midnight Runner exc.     What got me hooked on Pendulum awhile back was their song Slam from Hold Your Colour. Its been my favorite song for such a long time, but now having listened to this CD (over and over again) i think my new favorite might be The Tempest. I absolutly LOVE the instrumental at the end. Its almost like a Pendulum version of a classical song.    I highly recommend this CD to any Pendulum fans out there and anyone who likes Drum & Bass or music in general.
0743246616|5.0|I loved almost every recipe in this book.  Just what I was looking for, tasty \\"comfort food\\" desserts. Easy recipes and helpful hints. The photos looked good enough to eat! The preface was even well worth reading.  It gave me a down home, flash back to my childhood.  I highly recommend it.
031606792X|1.0|I, like most other Twilighters was looking foward to the release of breaking dawn.  I was counting down the days, the hours, the minutes.  I was so excited.  I read some spoilers on the internet that sounded ridiculous, so obviously I didn't believe them.      I waited in line for my book, and sure enough, the bulk of the spoiler were real.  I figured maybe SM would pull it all together, but once I started reading Bella's second book I knew it was doomed to failure.    The first four chapters are okay, they keep up with the rhythm of the first three books, but once you get past that it's just weird.  The whole honeymoon I felt like I wasn't even reading an SM book.    Then there's Jacob's book, which is relatively entertaining.  We get away from all the Edward/Bella nonsense and find a familiar charater that acts like he's himself.    The final book is just boring.  Bella's the Mary Sue of vampires.  She's so perfect it's sickening.  And there's not even a battle or fight at the end.  BD was an enormous disappointment.
B0001MDQ6W|4.0|Not intentionally, a least I do not think that is the case, I watched this Bob Dylan MTV Concert from 1995 directly after watching his Bob Dylan: The Other Side of The Mirror: Live at The Newport Folk Festival 1963-1965, Bob Dylan and various other artists, 2007. I have reviewed that documentary separately in this space. However, comments, and of necessity, comparisons between the two are in order here. I will not go on and on about hair styles and clothing as I did in the earlier film, in order to draw contrasts, because except wearing some sunglasses his persona has not changed dramatically from the 1965 Concert where he set himself on his own personal rock and roll (or better, I think) folk rock path.    Obviously, there cannot be a complete comparison between play lists for the two films because in 1965 some of the material covered in the 1995 film had not been created like Knockin' On Heaven's Door or things like that. Others are older works, like a well- done John Brown, which had not been released earlier. Or the 1990's-created Dignity. One can, however, compare certain material covered in both films like The Times They Are A- Changin' , the classic Like a Rolling Stone and Love Minus Zero, No Limit (hereafter, No Limits).     Two things are clear by 1995. One is that Dylan, either by design or happenstance, had changed the mood and the manner in which he sang those songs, some for the better, some not. I believe that his newer version of Like a Rolling Stone geared to the musical tastes of a new generation works, No Limits does somewhat and Times not at all. First, I had to get over the sentimentally of knowing how these songs were played in my youth and wanting to cling to that notion, especially on a favored love anthem like No Limits. Still the changed-up in rhythm only partially works to demonstrate the original pathos of that song.     Second, and this is something I had also observed in a live concert that I attended in the early 1990's, old Bob had lost his voice and had adjusted some of his material to that new fact. Here comparison with the strong vibrant voice of 1965 is truly amazing. His adjustments worked best on a then new song like Dignity that has lyrics like in the old days but reflected his new vocal range. Nice. So is this thing worth seeing and hearing. Sure. But I would get that old The Other Side of the Mirror documentary - on purpose- to check out why, for a minute anyhow Dylan was the voice of my generation, the generation of '68.
B0013BNY2Q|4.0|This little fireplug of a CD hits the ground running with \\"Living Well is the Best Revenge\\" and doesn't come up often for air. It's good to hear Michael Stipe fired up on rockers like the aforementioned tune and \\"Man-Sized Wreath,\\" where he rails against political pundits, the vapidness of TV and \\"pomp\\" and \\"odious conceit.\\" It's great stuff, and amid Stipe's aggressive vocals and Peter Buck's equally in-your-face guitar work, there seems to be a sense of liberation and joy within the band which I can't recall since the mighty [[ASIN:B000008NKE Monster]] back in 1994.<br /><br />The mellow and short \\"Houston,\\" a beautiful song about the Hurricane Katrina refugees, fully displays Stipe's penchant for climbing inside the body of another human being, similar to the morose but sublime \\"Daysleeper\\" on the underrated [[ASIN:B00000DD54 Up]]. In the song, he boldly attempts to extract some brightness amid a horrible situation. \\"Until the Day is Done\\" is similarly quiet compared to the rest of \\"Accelerate,\\" and its despondent lyrics tell of a dying America, one that the lyricist is far from proud of. Whether you agree with the sentiment or not, the stately sound and sincerity of the song hearkens back to the greatness of [[ASIN:B000002MG1 Automatic for the People]], no small feat. Truly, I didn't grasp the songs's specialness until I really gave it a solid listen.<br /><br />Mostly, though, \\"Accelerate\\" is one punchy rocker after another. I can't help but wonder if the popish \\"Mr. Richards\\" is a friendly ode to President Bush, but more important, \\"Horse to Water\\" contains a march-to-your own-drummer message, fed-up lyrics and an irresistible chorus that ranks as my favorite on the CD. And not since \\"It's the End of the World as We Know it\\" has there been such a stadium-like, fun vibe from R.E.M. as heard on the pumped-up, free-flowing, let-it-all-hang-out \\"I'm Gonna DJ.\\"<br /><br />Stipe's voice may be a tad roughened up from natural aging and cigarettes, but it matches up well with the fiery guitars and is ably backed up by Mike Mills' formidable pipes that never seem to go out of style. Come to think of it, after releasing some questionable fluff preceding this album, R.E.M., as a unit, seem to have mastered the art of never going out of style.th the fiery guitars and is ably backed up by Mike Mills' formidable pipes that never seem to go out of style. Come to think of it, after releasing some questionable fluff preceding this album, R.E.M., as a unit, seem to have mastered the art of never going out of style.
031606792X|5.0|WARNING SPOILERS!!!    One of the greatest compliments that I can pay to Stephenie Meyer is that I have not written any fanfic for her books. I use the fanfic I write to explore alternate endings and events in the books I read and I have never felt a need to do that with Meyer's books. All of her books fit together so neatly that there really isn't another way to go. I mean sure there are alternatives: What if Edward never came back? What if Bella kissed Jacob? What if Edward had killed Bella? But those alternatives, while they could happen, just don't make sense when you really look at each character's motivation or personality.    I was very pleased with Breaking Dawn because it continued in that tradition of everything fitting together so neatly. And everything, from Bella's willing acceptance of her baby to her control as a newborn to the final battle, went the way it did because it was the way it should be. How could Bella feel anything but love for her baby? It was given to her by the man she loved, how could it be bad? Why shouldn't Bella have such control when she becomes a vampire? Her one driving force has been her love for Edward and her desire to keep him from sorrow. I think her reason for control may be that she subconciously knows slipping up would cause him pain and that is something she hates doing. Also, how could Jacob not end up with Renesmee? The perfect incarnation of Bella and the link that can drive his brothers to stand and fight at the end. It works and it fits.    I was also pretty impressed that Meyer came up with a plausible explanation for the pregnancy. I was a little worried when I heard Bella would be pregnant because I was worried Meyer might gloss over the logistics. I was pleased that she came up with a good explanation that was consistent with her overall universe. Some details aren't fully covered but you really can't resolve those without devoting part of the book to a full genetic and physiological discussion which would, let's face it, ruin the atmosphere.    I marvel at the negative reviews I have read because they seem to miss the point. I really don't understand the aversion to the happy ending that Meyer creates. I wonder if they realize that this is the END of the twilight saga. The last book, the conclusion. When most writers end a series they want it to end on a happy collective note (Harry Potter, LOTR, Narnia). You cannot end a book with unresolved angst if there is no upcoming book to resolve it. Also, I think that after all Bella, Edward, and Jacob have seen, done, sacrificed, fought, lost, found; they deserve a nice happy ending. I don't think this book has a bad message. I don't see what's wrong in telling people that everything can work out, even if it's not what you planned. Also, I don't think it's a bad message for Bella to marry and have a baby at 18. It is not a path I'd recommend for most people, but Bella is mature and focused and she knows what she wants and needs. Everyone has to make their own way in this world and I think the book shows that. It is also a very good reminder to always practice safe sex, even if you're dating a vampire.    I would recommend this book to the fans of the series. Don't allow yourself to be deterred by the naysayers. I read the negative reviews beforehand and it filled me with needless worry. This is an excellent book and a really touching end to the series.
B000053ZRR|5.0|This is a must for all Bon Jovi fans and any music lover who enjoys a great concert. The DVD is fantastic from start to finish, and there is in particular an acoustic rendition of Runaway that leaves you breathless. Amazing does not aptly describe this concert.
B0018RWMNM|4.0|Good News - much improved picture quality and sound quality - on a truly classic movie that I've watched at least 25 times, and like many Lonesome Dove cult followers, can quote most scenes word for word.  There's hardly a day goes by that a LD quote doesn't apply to some situation.    Bad News - No matter what's been said elsewhere, the picture is cropped!  I've compared several scenes frame to frame, blue-ray to dvd, and the picture content horizontally is the same, but some portion of the top or bottom is missing on the wide-screen version.  Truly disappointing since, as many times as I've watched the film, I was looking forward to enhanced peripheral content that I've not yet seen.
B00005LANG|5.0|How could we not recommend the work Time magazine rated as \\"Best Album Of The Twentieth Century\\"? By the time of the recording of this album, Bob Marley had become an international rock superstar and a household name, preaching redemption through peace and compassion (and the consumption of copious amounts of ganga, a Rastafarian sacrament). The world was hanging on his every word, and he did not disappoint. Exodus has a sense of time and place, not to mention purpose. Songs like the title tune, \\"Guiltiness\\", and \\"The Heathen\\" provide the gravitas and paint pictures of a difficult world. But lighter fare such as the irresistable \\"Jamming\\" and the sunny, now-classic closer \\"One Love\\" keep the overall tone of the album balanced and optimistic. There is no better representation of Marley's singing or songwriting skills, and Exodus captures he & The Wailers at a performing peak. And, you can dance to it.    If you'd prefer, Babylon by Bus is a live collection featuring equally vibrant performances but including most of his best-known songs, and all performed in front of wildly enthusiastic stadium crowds during a European tour the band made during their prime. If you prefer a DVD, Bob Marley and the Wailers Live at the Rainbow is the one Marley devotees have voted his best, overwhelmingly. But whatever your selection(s), know that Bob Marley is the undisputed king of 'roots' reggae; and if not its sole inventor, without a doubt he took the music to entirely new levels of sophistication and recognition.
031606792X|1.0|Ok, so I get why the ending had to be what it was. I get that everything worked out so every character could be happy. But the ending gave no payoff, and I mean for the series, not this one book, which could have been its own entity with different character names and no one would have been the wiser.    But, then again, if this were the very first book published or attempted to be published, the series would never have seen the light of day. I never thought these books were worth the fanbase to begin with, but this ending will make sure that it will be forgotten within 10 years, which is sad in a way. Meyer, you are so much better than this. Look at the Host! But then again, that might have been what sucked the creativity, you never know.
031606792X|1.0|Just got done with reading Stephenie Meyer's new book, Breaking Dawn, and all I can is \\"What the HELL was Meyer THINKING when she wrote this? It reads like bad fan fiction and has left me with a blank, uneasy, \\"What the hell just happened?\\" feeling. I'm left wondering what this book is and where the real one, that I've been waiting all summer for, is.<br /><br />It's not as bad as I thought it would be, but I'm still disappointed in what we did get. It's not at all what I had thought or hoped for.  I knew that Edward and Bella would get married and that Bella would become a vampire. The wedding was nice, but I don't think that Jacob should have been there, I don't think that he should have been in this book at all, and I hate the fact that a good portion of the book is told by him. I had to force myself to read his part; I think Ms. Meyer would have been better off writing Jacob's part from Edward's POV instead. I find Jacob extremely racist, boring and one dimensional, I just can't bring myself to like him. Inviting him to the wedding was just a bad idea all around and Jacob proved it when he threatens to kill Edward for his plan to turn Bella.<br /><br />Another thing I didn't like was how Meyer shoved her religion down everyone throat in this book. Namely waiting until marriage to have sex and that sex is had to only have children. While that may work for some, it doesn't work for everyone and being sexually compatible is something most people figure out before they get married. If Edward had been thinking straight, he would have turned Bella before they had sex, with his strength, he could have easily crushed her pelvis during sex. Instead he doesn't and the morning after the wedding night, bitches and moans about how he tore up a few pillows during sex with Bella for the first time and left some bruises on her body. FYI Edward, sex on occasion leaves bruises, VERY good sex (which you apparently had for the first time ever) WILL leave bruises. Get over it and stop killing Bella's happiness.<br /><br />Furthermore, Bella should have never gotten pregnant to begin with. Vampire's bodies are frozen in time, as far as body fluids go, male vampires wouldn't have sperm, all they do have is the blood they drink and the ability to turn others into vampires. Nessie should not exist at all and Bella never said anything about wanting children in any of the other books, but because it's Edward's, she suddenly wants it and it's okay. Bella gets everything Rosalie wanted in life, a husband that loves her and a child; it spits in the face of that character and shows that Meyer is more than willing to give her Mary Sue whatever she wants to make her happy.<br /><br />And Jacob imprinting on the baby just screams that Meyer just gave him the next best thing to Bella. And what kind of name is NESSIE or Renesmee, really, for that matter? If I were that child, I'd change my name as soon as I turned 18. Also throw in the message of \\"Women are good for nothing but getting married and having children and that those two things are just what they should aim for, instead of going to college and having a life of their own.\\"<br /><br />Also the entire book was just type on a page, the only part I ever saw in my mind, was when Bella used her strength and speed for the first time. That was mostly because I could see the dress that Alice put her in and I liked it. When she jumped out of a second story window, leapt a river and ran in the forest with Edward to hunt for the first time was neat. The part where it came unbelievable for me was when she smelled humans and was able to resist their scent and not hunt them at all. Excuse me, but we've been told, time and time again that the first few YEARS of a newborn's life, centers around the thirst and their need to quench it. Again Meyer can't have her favorite suffer, so Bella is just so special and super that she can bypass all of this...<br /><br />The entire book needs to be taken apart and totally redone and turned into a book where I don't want to go up to Ms. Meyer and say \\"Very funny, where's the real book? Because if this is it, I want my money back.\\" while handing her Breaking Dawn. It makes me very sad to think that, while the first book wasn't perfect, it was better than New Moon or Eclipse and was tons better than this book. I love reading and re reading Twilight, I've read it five times since I bought it last year, the other two I've only read twice. Breaking Dawn, I'll only read this once. The characters don't even feel like the same people I was introduced to a year ago, I know they're supposed to grow and evolve, but it doesn't feel like they have and I'm seriously thinking of not getting Midnight Sun when it comes out or of seeing the movie.go up to Ms. Meyer and say \\"Very funny, where's the real book? Because if this is it, I want my money back.\\" while handing her Breaking Dawn. It makes me very sad to think that, while the first book wasn't perfect, it was better than New Moon or Eclipse and was tons better than this book. I love reading and re reading Twilight, I've read it five times since I bought it last year, the other two I've only read twice. Breaking Dawn, I'll only read this once. The characters don't even feel like the same people I was introduced to a year ago, I know they're supposed to grow and evolve, but it doesn't feel like they have and I'm seriously thinking of not getting Midnight Sun when it comes out or of seeing the movie.
B00186DV1U|5.0|This is a fun movie that has stood up to the test of time.  Great chemistry between Eastwood and Russo and it is an intelligent thriller.  It is a very nice blu ray transfer.
B000WGWQG8|5.0|Well Done Movie. Does justice to the book and captures the spirt and character of John Adams and his wife very well. Staging and costumes are magnificent as is the photography
B000002MP2|5.0|This album is a 90's masterpiece. I'm so tied of \\"true\\" punk fans that whine about Green Day not being punk enough. They combined perfect melody with fast punk riffs better than anyone. People will still be listening to this album 20 years from now.
031606792X|3.0|I agree, this book may have ended a little too \\"neat\\", but I don't think you can really complain.  If you don't like fantasy and you don't like fiction, don't read it.  This book was never about \\"real life\\", and seriously we all knew they were getting married, what did you expect to happen.  Pick a different vamp sory next time.
031606792X|3.0|I am 30-year old Atheist pro-abortion female... I liked this book just fine. I mean sheesh, it was a fictional vampire lovestory written by a freakin Mormon housewife for star's sakes, what did you all expect, Shakespeare? I am actually surpised it didn't have more secret religious messages. It's just a story though, people, just cotton candy for your brain, if you want literature, go pick up Harry Potter. :p<br />Hahaha.
0765310015|4.0|\\"Gardens of the Moon\\" begins \\"The Malazan Book of the Fallen\\" saga covering many characters from differing perspectives during a war involving the gods.  The exceptional storytelling effectively describes the rich world loaded with vast magic and divine intrigue.  Yet the details can be overwhelming with concepts and words, which are a hard to determine and vague magical sources called Warrens.<br /><br />The two primary characters are Ganoes Paran, a young noble in the Malazan Empire military, and the young thief Crokus Youngblood and to a lesser extent at the beginning Tattersail, a sorceress for the Empress Laseen.  They interact with several other characters, including gods, and those individuals have a significant impact on the war regardless of whether it is viewed as destiny or free will.  There are too many magical items even though some are cleverly used.  I felt Chapter 13 illustrated an excellent battle between an assassin and a mage.<br /><br />A better comprehensive appendix would have been useful addressing racial characteristics, relating magical powers, and describing creatures along with catch phrases and terms.<br /><br />I recommend this series to any fan of the fantasy genre.<br /><br />Thank you.
B000GG4XD8|5.0|Helloween may have started the power metal thing with \\"Keeper of the Seven Keys Pt1\\" after they began including more melody and \\"epicness\\" after \\"Walls of Jericho\\" but they perfected it with \\"Keeper of the Seven Keys Pt 2\\" - this thing is flawless power metal from start to finish. Many bands would follow in Helloween's footsteps following this album and this is where the power metal really began. \\"Eagle Fly Free\\" is a speed metal track with a very catchy chorus, trade-off shred guitar solos, a bass solo (!), and even a little drum solo as well! Michael Kiske's vocals soar here like an eagle, but then again there's not a moment on this album that doesn't happen. \\"March of Time\\" is a personal favorite in the power metal genre - the song is simply about \\"time\\" but they make it so epic and that chorus just gives me chills up and down my spine listening to it - it's just that powerful melody that Helloween is so good at creating, it's just epic from start to finish. I think Kiske's voice shines the best here, and it's probably one of the fastest tracks on the album. \\"I Want Out\\" is Helloween's well known song, not really a power metal track, but it has Helloween's traits of dual lead guitar lines and guitar solos, along with Kiske's vocals. \\"Keeper of the Seven Keys\\" is a gem in the power metal genre as well - the 13 minute epic track starts off slow before gradually speeding up with it's progressive-like song structure. The chorus is very melodic, heroic, slow but still powerful. The best part is the guitar solos - they are everywhere in the middle of the song, and the speed metal part of the song is where the climax is! After that, the song finishes with a final chorus that brings the heart pounding action to a close. \\"Save Us\\" is a typical Helloween speed metal track with the well known band-\\"chorus\\" that raises hands and pumps fists.   Helloween's \\"Keeper Of The Seven Keys\\" brought the band into new heights and notice, and brought out power metal to the masses. If you are a fan of power metal, you're incomplete without this album as it is essential.
031606792X|5.0|I loved Breaking Dawn!!  It is a fantasy book people!!  I love happy endings and I'm glad that it ended the way it did.  I couldn't put the book down.  I'm a mother of 3 young children and after a long day of hard work, this is a perfect escape from reality for a bit!  I'm going to take a break for a while and then re-read it again to catch things that I missed the first time as I read to get to the end.  Now I will read to understand more.  Stephenie Meyer is a fantastic author who has opened my eyes to a whole world of fantasy.  I love that the books were clean and straight forward.  Breaking Dawn was the perfect ending to a perfect Saga!  Thank you, Stephenie Meyer for giving us such a great gift!!
031606792X|5.0|S. Meyer's Twilight series captured my heart as no other series has in a long long time. She has created a group of characters so three dimensional that I feel I know them; their hopes and dreams, their fears and their faults.  While reading and re-reading each of the books, I have wept with joy and with sadness. I have smiled and laughed out loud.  I have sighed with pleasure and remembered what it was like to love so completely that your world is changed forever.    If you haven't guessed, I am a romantic at heart and Edward and Bella's journey ended as perfectly has it was destined.  Fairytales are needed in our hectic lives.  They take us back to when we were young and full of possiblilities and not so jaded by real life and it's needs and demands. They allow us to let go of our burdens and to escape into a world where good triumphs over evil and true love wins the day.    Thank you S. Meyer for creating all these marvelous characters and sharing their lives with us.  I love each and everyone one of them.  I will visit them often.
B0017MO10U|5.0|For those looking for a movie theater blockbuster, summertime hit...scroll on by.  For those looking for a great SG-1 two-part episode that captures the essence of the series...buy it now!    From the start of the movie, it has the feel of the series and the mood of it as well.  RDA is still great as Jack (my family really missed him in the last seasons of the series).  All the regulars are back and we couldn't have been happier.  It was a lot of fun (something you don't see too much of on TV anymore).    I won't give any spoilers (where would the fun in that be???), but we do get to see some old bad guys and even Vala as K'tesh(!).  This is a movie for fans of the series.    My family and I really enjoyed it and hope that many more will too.  As mentioned in a different review, this was Don S. Davis' last appearance as Hammond as Mr. Davis died of a heart attack in June.  Condolences to his family aside, this is a blow to the SG-1 family as well.  He was there in the beginning and lent a touch of realism to the series and the movie.  He will truly be missed.  I hope in the next movie, he will be honored in some way by the cast and writers.  He will truly be missed by all of the fans...Good luck and God speed, General Hammond.
1554072840|5.0|I grew up on this book now I get to share it with my daughters and its just like I remember.
031606792X|2.0|Breaking Dawn was an average book- nothing like the previous three in the series.  The plot, what there was of it, was drug out far too much. The whole book could've been halved and had the same effect as what it did.  Bella and Edward were flat and cliche.  There was no emotional impact or \\"wow\\" factor in the book anywhere.  Everything ends up great for Bella- which is great.  But, it was achieved in a ridiculously conventional, flat, uninspiring way.  The author left plenty of loose ends to tie up for some future characters, and she could pick up with other characters in the future.  I won't be holding my breath in anticipation if she does.  Ho-hum and boring.
B000M9BPEY|4.0|This is a wonderful story, already well-described by other reviewers. It is simply a fun movie to watch, and one that you can go back to and watch again. I disagree with one reviewer who said that it is not for children. I think children over 12 would easily understand and enjoy the movie.
031606792X|2.0|Breaking Dawn is a cute story. . .too bad it doesn't belong in this series. (A tiny bit of spoilery ahead.)     If this book were a stand-alone, not at all connected to the story of Bella and Edward, I would like it. Some stuff was totally out there, but some stuff (Bella with Nessie) was cute. However, it didn't fit at all with the previous three books. I agree with whoever it was that said it's like Meyer was writing fan fiction based on her own series. I didn't dislike it as much as I expected to after reading other reviews, but it was not the awesome conclusion to the series that it could have been.
B00140PK6O|5.0|This was totally in the mould of the very best of BBC historical drama - painstaking re-creation of a real English backwater, the social mores and then lovingly painted with the characters. Loved every minute of it!
0316067601|5.0|I can't remember the last time I read a book I enjoyed this much. I didn't want it to end and resorted to reading the last third of the book 10 pages a day at a time. I think this should be required reading for all high schoolers. I see that many reviewers don't like Luttrell's nationalistic pro-American beliefs or his Christian beliefs (thanking Christ that his rifle was never far from him)and his love of his home state Texas and his fellow Texans. They think he should have left his opinions out, but that's one of the things that makes the book so endearing. I would hope he loves our country and thinks it's the best country on earth. And, I'm sure that we would all hope that if his ordeal happened to OUR son, that we would have a community of people who love us surround us. I say, thank God for people serving our country like Marcus Luttrell. Thank God that despite the attempt at feminization of our men, there are still Marcus Luttrells!
0789318121|5.0|Any self respecting Dark Knight fan wants both the art and the script, especially with the script maybe being the best written mafia/superhero script ever and the best script with any mafia presence since perhaps the Godfather Part II.  Almost a shoo in to win best screenplay this year among other Oscars (Heath Ledger, most notably).      Really runs circles around the Batman Begins art book.  Authors of this book give you a generous helping of behind the scenes art and stories but doesn't run like 500 pages like \\"the Art of the Matrix\\"    Very well done and VERY HIGHLY RECOMMENDED.
0812580346|4.0|At the time I am writing this review, we are less than one month till the large Hadron Collider is actually activated.  What a perfect time to read this novel that is full of a well constructed plot, fully developed characters, and old fashioned science fiction whizz-bang involving the Hadron Collider.<br /><br />The plot revolves around an experiment that takes place for 2 minutes, during which every human on the planet has his/her consciousness propeled 20 years into the future.  Some people see an expected future, some people see nothing (they are dead).  Massive accidents happen during these 2 minutes -- planes fall from the skies (pilot minds are 20 years in the future), people fall down stairs, cars crash.  The entire plot involves the unfolding of peoples' actions and decisions after this event.<br /><br />If I say more, I will create a spoiler -- so let me just say that this was a great read.  If you enjoy a good story, read this one.
031606792X|5.0|I absolutly loved the way Meyer ended this. I was always unsure whether I liked Jacob or Edward better, so I wanted Bella to end up with both. I thought the saga had a very satisfying ending because Bella did end up with both. All in all, it was one of the most amazing books and conclusions I've seen yet.
0747593779|5.0|READ THIS BOOK.  I really enjoyed the Kite Runner, but I LOVED this book.  My Husband usually does not read these types of Novels, but on my insistance he finally picked it up.  He thanked me after reading it.
B000002J0B|5.0|I find this Zep album to be a slight detour from the previous four albums.<br />Oh don't worry about it straying too far from the main theam of Led Zepplin. It dose keep close to the path although songs like Dyer Maker and The Crung may have you scratching your head. Why Robert Plant decided to write a ragae love soug,I just can't for the life of me figure out where his brain want. The album makes up for it's mushiness in songs like The Ocean(definaly a good sign of things to come in future albums) Probibly my most favorite song on the album aside from The Song Remains the Same is Dancing Days. This little gem has a pecular quality about it that can somehow get into your dreams despite it's weak theam. Generally I find Houses of the Holley to be nice little rest stop between albums.
B0007MWZEK|5.0|This thing is awesome.  It does not replace a vacuum and it does not do a lot for cleaning carpet BUT, for hard floor surfaces this is the easiest, fastest, neatest, funnest, etc. thing to clean with.  It does a very good job and a very fast job of doing what a broom and dustpan would do.
031606792X|5.0|Dear Future Readers,  I have read a few of the previous Breaking Dawn reviews, and its is disappionting to see how many people dont feel like Bella was given a heroine-like quality.      But, in my opionion, her gift of loving a person(or immortal) more than anybody else had ever loved was an exceptional quality. This gift might not be physically helpful like Edward or Alices gift, but it was not worthless in any manor.    Edward hadnt been with anyone in about 110 years, and as he claimed \\"Before you my life was a moonless night,\\" and in Twilight his siblings and parents also told Bella that since they had been together, that Edward was different, and I assume happier.    So all in all, I think Bella did save someone with her gift.   She saved Edward by giving him her love.      Great Job Stephanie. I love happy endings.    :]]
B000WGWQG8|5.0|These people are real, their intellect amazing, the real \\"Adams's Family.\\" An intimate look at the founding of or country that will change forever your beliefs concerning the founding fathers of our country.<br /><br />Everyman needs an Abigail to ground him. She is the glue that held the Adams family together, the sage John needed to accomplish his great ambitions.<br /><br />If you can only own one series about the beginnings of this country, let it be \\"John Adams.\\"
B0000029DD|5.0|A legendary album and justly so. Every song is a masterpiece in its own right: the title track, which gave Radiohead the basis for their Bends-era sound; \\"Mojo Pin,\\" at once gorgeous and disturbing, \\"Heroin\\" for the '90s, the beautiful \\"Last Goodbye,\\" with strings, a lovely falsetto, and a weirdly unresolved chord progression, the cabaret-esque \\"So Real,\\" with a very heavy, very strange guitar solo and gasping vocals, the brokenhearted \\"Lover, You Should've Come Over,\\" with Buckley overdubbing himself to create a gospel choir effect, the Zeppelin-esque heavy rocker \\"Eternal Life,\\" the creepy, bongo-driven closer \\"Dream Brother.\\" And the covers are just as good as the originals: \\"Lilac Wine\\" is jazz filtered through Pink Floyd, and his famous version of Leonard Cohen's \\"Hallelujah\\" is a heartbreaking, beautiful, sensual reading. It's nothing more than a gentle electric guitar and Buckley's vocals, and those vocals are some of the best I've heard by anyone, ever. It gives me the chills, and out of the many versions of the song I've heard, I think it's the best. Of course, it was my introduction to Jeff Buckley's work - I'm in a band that plans to cover \\"Hallelujah,\\" and I was searching the web for versions of the song a couple days ago. This one really jumped out at me. Still, I think it's unfair that it completely overshadows the other songs on this album. And \\"Corpus Christi Carol\\" is a stark, effective cover of an old hymn. The production is normally stripped-down, putting the emphasis where it belongs: on Jeff's voice, one of the best ever. This album is an excellent of jazz, rock, folk, blues, gospel, world music, and soul, and it works spectacularly well. It's a shame Buckley had to die so young. He was an amazing talent.
B0019LI3XU|5.0|Frankenstein is complex, deeply affecting examination of human nature. The book is even more relevant today than it was over a hundred and fifty years ago.
0671027344|5.0|The honesty of the character in this story is what makes it one of my favorites. He has a wonderful personality and it's always fun to hear what he had to say about his high school experience. I'd recommend this to anyone from 14-20 years old.
B0013FSL3E|4.0|My 4 year old liked it, and actually sat still in a dark movie theatre for over an hour, which really takes a near act of god. As other reviewers have remarked, it's not for adults.....certainly not; did we really expect it to be?? It's a cute story regardless of how deeply one might look into it ('global warming propaganda' one person said in a previous review; seriously? Like a toddler or small child, for whom the movie was made, is going to get THAT out of it???). I'm just impressed that it kept my active little boy's attention for such a long time even without dialogue. I'll buy it when it is released in November 08, I believe.
B0007TKNIS|3.0|I have to admit, the first time I watched this I thought it was great. But a short while after, I saw the real thing - on stage, and it blew this movie out of the water. It was SO much better: the music, the effects, everything. I then realized how bad this movie was compared to it. Not to mention that Gerald Butler was a little too hot for the role of Erik (with his mask on anyway), and when his mask came off at the end, it wasn't even that bad; it looked like a bad sunburn.
B0019HQIGS|5.0|I love John Mayer so naturally I like this dvd. The three part series shows him in three different acts. They all were excellent.
B0013V33DG|5.0|Miss Dessay and Mr. Florez are magnificent in this production.  The singing by both and the rest of the cast is excellent and the acting, especially Miss Dessay, is outstanding.  This is a DVD I will enjoy for ever.  Naty Fowler
B0016A2FFG|5.0|Al Green is back! If you are a true Green fan this cd will be a favorite. Buy this cd new, support brotha Al... You will not be dissapointed. This cd features 11 tracks, and all 11 tracks are classic... That's it and that's all..
B000001EYO|5.0|First let's get this out of the way:  This is a great soundtrack!  One cannot help but visualize the film while listening.  From Bob to the Gipsy Kings to Kenny Rogers. The songs are now forever linked to the Dude and Jesus and Maude.  Anyone who loves the film will want to own this.  This review isn't so much about that but about my criticism of film soundtrack criticism in general.<br /><br />There are several reasons why a soundtrack like this is \\"incomplete\\".  Most of the time a soundtrack featuring various artists includes much more music than can fit on one cd.  With BL specifically obviously there were some tracks that seem like they \\"must\\" be included.  Songs that were featured prominently (tumbleweeds) or are indispensible to the plot (the eagles or creedence) seem much more valuable than say the Captain Beefheart or Costello songs.<br /><br />While the \\"missing\\" songs are included the film, the rights to these songs may be limited and their inclusion on a soundtrack is NOT possible (how many Led Zeppelin songs have you ever seen on a soundtrack album?  They won't even let a few notes of \\"Stairway to Heaven\\" be heard in Wayne's World).<br /><br />I think a third reason is simply financial.  Do you want to pay $30 for a \\"complete\\" Big Lebowski soundtrack just to get a few tracks that you probably already own (I wanted this cd for the tracks I didn't own or had never heard before.  My indispensible track is \\"Dead Flowers\\").  Some of the missing songs may have been available but just not affordable if they were going to release a normally priced disc.  I can imagine the crooks at Fantasy Records charging an arm an a leg for putting a Creedence track on the soundtrack.<br /><br />Basically, this cd gives us a challenge to act like the Dude.  Let's make our own mix tape (well, okay mix-cd)!  The Dude most definately abides!
031606792X|1.0|Let me first state that I am not a big fan.  I mostly kept up with these books and the fandom for work (I'm a teen librarian).  Twilight was alright but I didn't care for New Moon or Eclipse.  Breaking Dawn, however, makes me cringe.  Ms. Meyer sends a terrifying message to young girls via Bella's co-dependent nature.  Bella has the potential to be a great character but her lack of self esteem and her irritating obsession with Edward render her a persistant damsel in distress.  This is my personal view.  To critique the writing I have to say that these books are incoherent and illogical (please, if you're writing fantasy you must abide by the rules you establish for your world!).  Also, there really is no plot structure.  The story babbles on and on about how \\"dazzling\\" Edward is (thesaurus please?) and pitters out.  It's anti-climatic to say the least.  Great literature this is not.  Please Ms. Meyer, for your next book set a page limit and try to write the story in that.  Perhaps then the book will have some structure and not an overabundance of repetitive flowery prose.
031606792X|4.0|Despite some of the reviews on Amazon and other sites this book was actually pretty good. I've heard a lot of people complaining that it didn't sound like her and she completely changed the characters, but (maybe because I wasn't as involved as some people are in the twilight series) this book didn't veer to far off course of the previous books.          The book starts off in Bella's POV and last for about 150 pages. I expected the wedding scene to take longer but it was written very well and I liked it a lot, especially the part with Charlie in it. A lot happens to set up the book in these 150 pages and some say to much happens but I think if this book had all the details it needed in it would be about 5000 pages.        At first when I heard that Jacob's POV was going to be in the book and when I found out how long it lasted I was a little discouraged. But in all actuality this was my favorite part of the book. As a reader you feel for Jacob and see where he comes from, how much he grows as a character through out the the book and even the series. When the spoilers hit the internet there was an uproar about Edward asking Jacob to do something for him ( I won't say what it is cause I don't want to give it away) but it was done very tastefully and Jacob really surprised me with his maturity about this favor.         Then it switches back to Bella's POV for the rest of the book. Secretly (even though I knew it was never going to happen) I kinda wished that Bella would have stayed human. I think the reason why people so many were drawn to the Twilight Series when it first came out was the fact that Bella was so intrinsically human, more so than other characters in other books. She was clumsy, average looking, and just plain average. She  wasn't perfect, she didn't have perfect hair, or clothes, and she wasn't afraid to get messy and Edward was drawn to her anyways, he saw who she really was. But she did become a vampire and became perfect like the rest, however,there was still something essentially Bella underneath, though I wish she would trip over a rock now and again.          Overall the book was pretty good and had a good storyline. I am very surprised a lot people didn't like it and I actually went into it feeling like I would be disappointed. Now that I finished it I am glad I read it. Breaking Dawn has a perfect ending to a good story. Overall pleasantly surprised, despite the numerous bad reviews. Some people, I believe, were  so caught up in what they wanted in the story they didn't stop to realize what Stephenie wanted in her story and they got mad when they didn't get it.
031606792X|3.0|I must first say, I still love her writing; she is VERY talented.  With that said, this book was NOTHING I wanted as a reader.  We've been waiting for Bella to become a vampire for what, 4 books?  And she's a vampire, transformed and perfect in like 2 chapters?  Boo.    I guess we got spoiled with the author's long drawnout descriptions in the previous 4 books...it seemed she was rushing through this book to cover all her basis and creating new outlets to create more books on different characters...hence the whole Jake book in the middle.  Boo.    Now with the whole baby being created...that was weird.  Edward can't even cry...how would he have the (for lack of a better word) groceries to create a baby?? Boo.  Then Jake imprinting on the baby? BOO!!  Big time. Gross.  I'm a bit sad about this book...I definently didn't love it.    Edward and Bella are now together and we only got to experience this 'magic' cause it was over before it began.
031606792X|5.0|I have read all of the other books in the series and this one was one of my favorites. The ending for me didn't really seem like the end to me, it seemed like there should've been more. There should be another book in the series to finish what was started in the book. I mean Jacob imprints with Renesmee and then you aren't going to know what happens with them as she gets older.
B00004RGUI|4.0|I like the mixture of the nature sounds with the piano, the melodies are quite beautiful, good for driving. If you prefer something without the nature sounds, but still enjoy the piano instrumentals, try a young gentleman called Justin Hunter, and Australian Independent artist. He's quite talented also.
1603420398|5.0|This is a great book!  First of all, it has a spiral binding which makes it flat when you're trying to work from it.  Then it has a great tips and tricks section, as well as a how-to section that's wonderful for beginners.  It also has some suggestions on how to use all of the wonderful motifs you're going to want to make.  All of the motifs are charted and have written instructions.  I pre-ordered this book, so I hadn't seen it first and I am really glad I did get it.  I am primarily a knitter, but do crochet because I love motifs and flowers and this book is really helpful!
1577314808|5.0|[[ASIN:0973950250 Corpse Whisperer]]<br />Too often we worry and think ourselves unhappy. The Power of Now talks about just being in the now. It isn't about not planning for the future, but living your life realizing how NOW is important.<br />I'd reccomend the book for anyone who is searching for what they feel is missing in their life.
B00127RAJY|5.0|I have never written a review before on a DVD, but this one ROCKS!  I have nothing but great things to say about this DVD.  For the first 3 weeks I have been doing this DVD, I have lost 2 pounds a week!  I perform her DVD 6 days a week, and follow it up each day with an additional easier cardio routine.    In regards to one negative comment I read from someone regarding this DVD and the large # of jumping jacks, there is NOT a large # of jumping jacks, and tells me that they did not get very far into the DVD.    Buy this DVD, you will be SHREDDED!
031606792X|5.0|I had 5 stipulations for Breaking Dawn that, for me, would make a perfect ending to the best series I have ever read.  I wanted Bella and Edward to get married, Edward and Bella to solidify their physical relationship :), Bella to become a vampire, Jacob to imprint, and for no one to die (Irina doesn't count).      I am somewhat irritated with all the negative reviews, claiming the \\"fairy tale happy endings\\" aren't realistic and don't send a good message.  It's true that in life things don't always go perfectly all the time.  So why can't I use fiction books to provide me with a source of unopposed perfection and happiness?  I love a happy ending, and I love to live vicariously in a world where everything ends up just the way I want it. I loved every bit of Breaking Dawn.  Well, except the name Renesmee - that I could have done without.
B000002KDM|5.0|This was an album, that really showed the start of one unbelievable artist.  This was a very early JT album.  It only showed us some of the greatness to come from JT.  What a fantastic album.
B0013POLS8|2.0|While a Blu-ray content provider is free to choose the audio codec/s for their own disc, I found the lack of legacy Dolby Digital 5.1 or DTS 5.1 a negative considering that the only way surround PCM can be received by an A/V receiver or pre/pro is via HDMI, a feature not present in millions of legacy A/V receivers that still use optical/coax digital inputs for legacy DD and DTS lossy codecs.<br /><br />Additionally, the only way one could find this out is by actually ordering the disc, because Amazon product specification is misleading and incorrect, which is a common problem in Amazon.<br /><br />Regarding the content itself, I concur with the statements others have made about Maria being overweight, boringly walking slowly around the stage for the entire show, and the songs not as melodic and nice as they use to be.<br /><br />The price for a Blu-ray title at 1080i was reasonable when originally released compared to a two-channel CD, and we hope that prices would still come down.
B000QRIGLC|1.0|One would have to be longsuffering to wade through the several preliminary chapters of this book in order to reach material which lives up to the editors' reviews.  I'm glad I didn't buy the hardcopy for I'd be facing the difficult decision of how to dispose of the book.  I easily deleted it from my Kindle.
B001676320|5.0|This Blu-ray disc is worth every penny of an already incredible price.<br /><br />The performance and blend of the two bands was excellent.<br /><br />I must say that the song I wanted to listen although it was listed as included within the EWF list of songs (\\"The Way You Move\\") was not actually performed, but just as low volume background while doing the band introductions.<br /><br />If I would have a suggestion for the camera crew was that while the idea of fixing the cameras on the stage floor might have been clever considering how busy that stage was, it was not a good one at times due to the vibrations that were transmitted to the shots, especially noticeable on objects behind the close ups.  However, the mixing was made in a way that reduced that effect due to the short shots.<br /><br />Overall, the experience was excellent.
0385340567|1.0|After enoying so many Jack Reacher stories, this one was very disappointing !  After I finished it and groaned and groused about it, my wife said that she had a bet with herself that I wouldn't have finished it. Next Lee Child book I get is from the library.
031606792X|5.0|Have you ever read a story that was so good-that when it ended you couldn't pick up another book because in doing so you were admitting that it was truly over and that you had moved on?    Thus are my feelings at the conclusion of the \\"Twilight\\" Saga. \\"Breaking Dawn\\" delivers great closure and satisfaction, but I am not ready to move on... just yet.       Thank you Stephanie
B000LC3ID8|5.0|This movie is simply crazy, every choice effects everything, too bad Jigsaw had to go, I still don't beleive he's dead
B000UVT3OI|5.0|The CD was new and contained 2 CD's and 1 DVD.  The collection is great!
031606792X|5.0|This Book Is Crazy Sick. It Has Such A Good Ending. So Many Surpises I Did Not Even Know Could Happen.
B000N6TYLW|4.0|I have all \\"Gilmore Girls\\" seasons and I must say that this is a very good sitcom. I didn't like a lot how the show finished however, if you have already watched all the other seasons you should watch this one too.
B000VNMMQG|1.0|I bought this movie to use in witnessing to a young atheist whose chief objection to Christianity is that it is not opposed to slavery(!).<br /><br />Thankfully, I tried to watch the movie before I gave it away. My impression was that both the screen writers, director, and editor must have been using heroin when they executed this project.<br /><br />It is impossible to follow the story the movie attempts to present. There are no establishing shots, characters are not introduced, and the scenes are edited together randomly, without following any chronological sequence or using any of the typical cues - dissolves, titles that state the time period, etc. - that might help the viewer understand the order in which events take place.<br /><br />With great disappointment I have to say that this movie now stands alone in my mind as the worst film ever made. I can't think of a film that comes close, and given the poignancy of the material and its significance to history that is an unforgiveable tragedy.
B000HT3P7E|5.0|I bought the first season of \\"How I met your mother\\" because I was looking for a new comedy show. I loved the story and the characters, it is hilarious and one of the best shows I have even seen on TV. I am a big fan of Friends and this sitcom has the same formula. I have already ordered the second season and I am looking forward to watch it.
B00169N0BK|5.0|With 28 years as a professional photographer, I feel a mixture of delight and relief when I find a product that works so well and makes my job better and easier. Engineered for accuracy and ease of use...I love my Munki. I never had the time, but especially the patience, to profile papers the now old-fashioned way. And the Digital Pouch is quite a bonus when trying to help clients see the images correctly on their own monitors. Thank you X-Rite.
031606792X|1.0|not bad  i didn't hate it...but totally out of touch with the rest of the series
031606792X|5.0|PLEASE PLEASE do not listen to everyone else's bad reviews... before i bought this book i read the bad reviews and i was very sad and disappointed. I got the book on wednesday and just finished reading it this friday morning, i couldn't get my eyes out of those pages...i don't want to give anything away but i am really glad in the way she went this book, everyone is complaining that everything was perfect but what did u expect it was the LAST book of the saga OF COURSE things were gonna end happy but not before the author made things difficult first. and PLEASE this book does not encourage teen pregnancy or marriage, there are many other things happening in this world that promote that more than this book. This was something that had to happen given what bella's future was gonna be. Over all i am very happy with the book and im only sad that this was the last one. I think she did a great job and meyer gave us exactly what we wanted. U HAVE TO READ IT.
031606792X|1.0|I was so excited for this book to come out and see how SM would wrap up the Twilight series.  This book was so bizarre and had very little character development, and a plot with more holes than Swiss cheese.  The name Renesmee is terrible, and the author didn't do anything to make me like or feel attached to Renesmee.  I couldn't have cared less if she lived or died.  I thought there were so many holes in the plot and so many times I'd be reading I'd be thinking WHAT?  I loved the last Harry Potter book because it was so evident JK Rowlings had a plan from book one and knew how she wanted things to tie together and how she was going to end her series.  In the Potter series, everything written about in previous books all came together so nicely and made so much sense.  Breaking Dawn seemed like SM hand't given any thought to the ending until she was done with the other three books, and then it didn't seem to tie in or fit together well, like she was way too rushed.  A huge disappointment after the other books.
031606792X|5.0|Loved the ending, how could you not.  Who cares how old Bella is when she marries or has a child, it's fiction right? For those of you who like Star Wars, wasn't Anakin just a kid when he fell in love with his bride? And didn't they marry young?  Also, all those Disney princesses are hardly in their 20's when they grab true love and get hitched!  In all, this is just a fictional story with tons of captivating characters.  Loved the story line, I was rooting for Bella and Edward the whole way.  Felt bad for Jacob, but he became a part of the family in another way.  Many comment on how it was inappropriate that Jacob imprinted on Nessie, but I guess they missed the part in the end where they talk about how Jacob just wants to see her happy and not in a sexual way at all-he loves her unconditionally with full heart not in any physical sense, but in the emotional and spiritual sense.  I rejoiced in the strengths Bella shows, and finally her ability to see herself as a strong woman and respect herself as well.  I loved this book, read it straight through in 2 days, couldn't put it down.  It was written in true SM fashion.  Sad to see it end.
B000002A3T|4.0|Of the two post-Roger Waters studio albums made by Pink Floyd, this is clearly the superior effort.  David Gilmour and Bob Ezrin were trying very hard to replicate 70s Floyd on Momentary Lapse, but Division Bell is a more satisfying and relaxed effort.  Only a few moments (\\"Keep Talking\\", \\"What Do You Want From Me\\") consciously mimic earlier Floyd efforts.    Overall, the sound of this album echoes the more collective Floyd sound in the early 70s rather than the Waters-driven visions of the late 70s.  There's a more modern sound, but much of the stuff here sounds like it could have cropped up on Obscured by Clouds, Meddle or Atom Heart Mother.  Rick Wright makes a welcome return as a composer, contributing to approximately half the songs.    The best parts of the album lie in the beginning (the two instrumentals, \\"Poles Apart\\") and the end (\\"Keep Talking\\", \\"Lost for Words\\", \\"High Hopes\\").  The U2-ish \\"Take It Back\\" and \\"Coming Back to Life\\" are probably too upbeat and poppy for many Floyd fans, but quite enjoyable in their own right.  The two duds are the bland \\"A Great Day for Freedom\\" and the turgid \\"Wearing the Inside Out\\".    One last word - if nothing else, check out \\"High Hopes\\" - a Floyd classic, one of the best tunes in the Floyd canon.  Maybe this album doesn't match the heights of Floyd's best work in the 60s and 70s, but it ends their career on a solid note.
B000V86OKG|4.0|(Have an opinion? Write a review! The voting system here is about voting those reviews that helped you make a deicsion to buy something NOT if you agree or disagree...that said...on with the show).<br /><br />Dexter Morgan the vigilante serial killer who finds his impulse to kill channeled into \\"good\\" (killing the bad guys that get away)is one step away from Batman--both are disturbed and decide to deal out justice their own way and both just are striving for a normal life that eludes him something that is alluded to in a couple of episodes of the second season.<br /><br />The second season finds Dexter at odds with his own instincts. His relationship with Rita appears on the rocks and Doakes is still trailing Dexter trying to figure out what is \\"wrong\\" with him. When an FBI agent (Keith Carradine)takes an interest in his handiwork complicating his world. There's more challenges facing Dexter than ever during the second season as he stumbles towards his own strange sense of humanity.<br /><br />The show which is shot in Digital HD looks surprisingly good. Colors pop capturing the bright overripe look of Miami. Audio sounds good as well.<br /><br />The extras are a bit slimmer here--we get two episodes of the fine Showtime show \\"Brotherhood\\", text biographies, a photo gallery. There's also online access to a pair of episodes for \\"The Tudors\\" (2nd season) and \\"Californification\\". Unfortunately, we don't get any featurettes this time around nor any commentary tracks for the series but, hey, it's the quality of the shows and season that matter more than anything else. The extras are disappointing and considering you are paying for this it would be nice if they included something more substanial next time.<br /><br />I'd suggest to Showtime that NEXT time they include a featurette perhaps on a real FBI agent that hunts serial killers, perhaps an interview with the author of the original novel (Darkly Dreaming Dexter)focusing on the departure the show has taken from the novels or even a featurette with the actors discussing what attracted them to the roles in the first place.<br /><br />The show is a fascinating glimpse into the fractured psyche of Dexter, his sister and friends. It's also really compelling, dark television for adults that. Dexter may not be the boy-next-door but he's trying to be inspite of his darker impulses.ctors discussing what attracted them to the roles in the first place.     The show is a fascinating glimpse into the fractured psyche of Dexter, his sister and friends. It's also really compelling, dark television for adults that. Dexter may not be the boy-next-door but he's trying to be inspite of his darker impulses.
B00003CY5J|5.0|I love this movie. I must confess that the reason is the ending. It isa plain and simple burgular movie. One plan, one betrayal, one revenge, sweet revenge! Recommend for adults only. There is a bit of foul language.  Edward Norton is awesome in this movie.
B000T9OP7G|4.0|The first season of \\"Terminator: The Sarah Connor Chronicles\\" surprised me; I expected the show to piggy back on the movies, be short lived and not be very good. Luckily, I was completely wrong on all counts. \\"Chronicles\\" manages to be engaging, expand on the first three films and be terrifically entertaining. Show developer Josh Friedman (\\"War of the Worlds\\") establishes its own identity for the show.<br /><br />The image quality for the transfer of the DVD looks good but could look better. I'd like to see what the Blu-ray has to offer. Audio sounds quite good with a nice dramatic score and a nice surround mix.<br /><br />Following Sarah Connor(Lena Heady), her son John (Thomas Dekker) and Cameron (Summer Glau) a cyborg sent from the future to protect them the series focuses on their attempts to prevent Skynet from being built. They're also being pursued by a variety of Terminators sent into the past to eliminate them.<br /><br />The set comes with deleted scenes and a number of commentary tracks featuring Friedman, actors Thomas Dekker, Brian Austin Green, Lena Heady Summer Glau and others. The commentary tracks aren't very revealing with the actors, writers and producers focusing more on the dramatic content than the behind-the-scenes production information.<br /><br />We also get a gag reel, deleted scenes, a three part documentary on the production of the show that DOES provide us with plenty of behind-the-scenes info about the series. One of the best extras is an extended episode of \\"The Demon Hand\\" (Both a reference to the hand of one of the Terminators AND Harlan Ellison's \\"The Outer Limits\\" episode \\"Demon with A Glass Hand\\" which was one of the inspirations for James Cameron's \\"The Terminator\\". The character of Ellison played by Richard T. Jones is also a tip of the hat to Ellison)which has deleted scenes that gives us information on the childhood of Sarah Connor's character.<br /><br />\\"Chronicles\\" is a well made, well thought out drama and it will be interesting to see how the series develops over the next 22 episodes of season two. If the pilot (which is well made) doesn't impress you give it a chance with the episodes after the first episode as the show starts off quite good and gets exceptional by the end of the nine episodes.ver the next 22 episodes of season two. If the pilot (which is well made) doesn't impress you give it a chance with the episodes after the first episode as the show starts off quite good and gets exceptional by the end of the nine episodes.
031606792X|4.0|There are a lot of mixed feelings about this book, but I'm in the middle, so I'll fight for both side.    The biggest complaint on Breaking Dawn is the fact that Renesmee exists because, as SM strongly implied in the first 3, vampires cannot have sperm, but her loophole makes sense so I can ignore that. And yes, Renesmee is a hideous name, but you can't really name such a rare child \\"Abby\\". But I do agree that fictional characters need baby-naming books (Albus Severus? Are you serious?)    And I don't think it's creepy that Jake imprinted on her. I mean he's the freaking Alpha, for god's sake. Do you really expect him to imprint on something normal? I'm not saying I'm happy he imprinted on her, just that he's happy.    Another huge issue in the book was the \\"battle scene\\" at the end of the novel. Once again, the Voluturi was delineated as a terrifying and ominous entity and once again, nothing happened. In New Moon, we all read and anticipated the Volterra scene, and were all disappointed. I'm not saying anyone had to die like in Harry Potter (because I don't think I could part with any of them), but a war was kind of necessary. In the end, the Volturi felt no remorse for what they did-- only fear for the ending of their own lives and reputations.     The only thing that I absolutely could not stand was the fact that Bella got EVERYTHING. The non-bloodlust and the baby thing I can deal with, but her being able to keep Jake was completely over the line. SM shouldn't have even bothered to write Eclipse because BD negated the entire \\"choosing true love\\" theme of that book.    -takes a breather-    But despite these relatively small aspects of the 750 page book, the overall feeling that the story radiated was magical. Can I see a show of hands of people who hated Nessie? Yeah, that's right. It's hard. That kid is so lovable that it makes up for all the crap she put everyone else through.    Every single person who reads these books loves at least one character. I, myself, absolutely love Emmett, Alice, and Seth. You probably are one of the many who make up either Team Edward, Jacob, or Switzerland.     Don't you want to leave your beloved characters in good hands?     Don't you want to know, for a fact, that they're safe and most importantly, happy? SM does an amazing job to make sure that you feel that way with her sappy, but much needed ending.
0743233832|2.0|This review is of the translation, not of the work (which I would rate 5 stars).      The translation in \\"The Emperor's Handbook\\" is probably more readable to a general audience than the much more accurate Loeb Classical Library translation, but the writing has been spun into soundbites.  Marcus Aurelius did not write in soundbites.  This results in a punchier work that is more accessible yet unfortunately shallower as well.  The tone of a man writing for his own edification is turned into an almost preachy self-help book.  Which is apparently what the publisher wanted, something to follow \\"The Book of Five Rings\\" and \\"The Art of War\\" as the latest book to help businessmen sound pseudo-intellectual and impress their non-reading fellow businessmen . . . and there are lots of readily-quotable soundbites separated out for easy use.    I am not being snarky.  Read the intro and see who their target audience is.  See what they are trying to accomplish.      Marcus Aurelius never would have named his work \\"The Emperor's Handbook,\\" because he was not trying to teach people how to be emperor.  He did not write in preachy soundbites.      Marcus Aurelius was a man trying to remind himself how to be a better person and live according to his stoic principles.  This translation abandons that basic point.
0143038419|5.0|of Elizabeth's courage in setting off into the sunset after a painful divorce.  She learns a great deal about herself, and is very honest in recording it.  I really wish this book had been available earlier - it is most inspiring.  A deserved bestseller.  I've quoted her as an example of what you can gain from travel in my new book: 'Travelling Magically: How to turn your journey into a life-changing experience'.
031606792X|5.0|Read the first three books together with my girlfriend(at the time), and I just finished Breaking Dawn myself. All I can say is wow; there are so many twists and turns in this book that I just could not stop reading. I recommend all four books(5 stars) to everyone.
B0010358CG|4.0|I enjoyed the 80's version of Appleseed when I was a teenager and when I learned of the [[ASIN:B0007OY31G Appleseed (Widescreen) (2004)]] reboot I immediately went out and got myself a copy of the DVD. It was pretty damn good and figured that it was a one-off. But now we have this sequel which proves that there is actually loads of potential and imagination in the Appleseed universe and certainly enough to warrant further sequels.<br /><br />Denaun Knute and her mostly robotic, rabbit-eared boyfriend Briareos are still working for ESWAT in the Utopian future city of Olympus when a new personal device, a sort cross between a cell phone and a holographic visor, goes haywire and turns the population into a bunch of techno-zombies. Briareos suffers seizures of his own too and a duplicate of his old human form has been recruited to work with them and save the city from this mysterious evil.<br /><br />Yes, it's nonsense. But entertaining nonsense and a weird cross between [[ASIN:B000VD5I94 Robocop [Blu-ray]]], [[ASIN:B0019NB9NO Star Trek: First Contact [Blu-ray]]] and [[ASIN:B000OPPBEQ The Ultimate Matrix Collection [Blu-ray]]]. But the animation is gorgeous and the story and action absurd enough to keep your attention.<br /><br />Come on, John Woo, give us another 'un.<br /><br />The Blu Ray features a very nice 1.85:1 1080p transfer with Dolby Digital Plus sound and a decent amount of extras. I recommend.
B00104W8T6|5.0|Watching the movie leaves you wanting more...so having the sound track is the closest thing. If you loved the quirky plot and excellent acting, you'd love the weird, rough-around-the-edges music, which was the amusing  background to the story line. I also liked the bits of information given inside the CD cover.
031606792X|5.0|Don't let the negative reviews influence your enjoyment of this book!  I loved Breaking Dawn every bit as much as the first three books. Thank you, Stephenie Meyer, for this wonderful story!  Judy D
031606792X|5.0|The book was everything and more than I could have possibly imagined. It had everything in it and I never wanted it to end. I think the author did a job well done and I can't wait for the series to be made into a movie. I literally could not put the book down, wanting to know what was going to happen next. I can't evern begin to tell you how much enjoyment I got of the epic series.. This series was a billion times better than Harry Potter.. Doesn't even compare... Even though this book is the last book in Bella's perspective, I am definately looking forward to the author continuing the story. This book still made me want more and I AM NOT A TEENAGER.
031606792X|1.0|Four days after finishing this book, I am still reeling. So much was so wrong with this book that I don't have any idea where to start!    The awfulness starts to make a little, tiny bit of sense when I hear one of Stephenie Meyer's main defenses of it: she was planning on the main happenings of Breaking Dawn when she had just barely finished Twilight. I now can somewhat understand why Breaking Dawn seriously undermines if not completely disregards most of the problems and subplots brought up in the second and third books of the series. But it's not any sort of excuse: the series ended up taking some different turns after Twilight, but Stephenie Meyer was the writer, so she can't just pretend she didn't write those two books and cancel everything that gets in the way of her dream ending out. It's like when she realized Edward as a character would leave Bella, or Jacob was a lot more important of a character than she thought he was going to be. It may not have been her original plan, but in those incidences, she flowed with it. Rightfully so! If she hadn't done so, I doubt the first three books would have been nearly as good as they are. I guess for Breaking Dawn, \\"her\\" ending was too important to HER to change it...     However, the readers shouldn't have to suffer for that. Maybe she should have just written two versions of this book--hers and the readers--and kept the self-indulgent mess that ended up being produced all to herself.    Anyways, there are many more things wrong with this book, but all of those are mostly just poor editing, I think/hope. There is sooo much that should have just been edited out. But I'm not going for a step-by-step deconstruction of the problems with the book, just a warning. The only way, in my opinion, someone could be pleased with this book is just because it has the names Bella, Edward, and Jacob strewn through it, because that's the only redeeming thing about it: that it is supposedly about these characters we've all grown to love.
B000RW3YYA|5.0|I bought Stargate Atlantis Season 3, I had gotten the 3-5 days shipping.  It arrived between those days...witch to me is shocking.  For the actual product, I don't know what to say, they are like all other DVD's they work, you watch Atlantis without COMERCALS and it's all good.  [[ASIN:B000RW3YYA Stargate Atlantis - The Complete Third Season]]
0756404746|5.0|Superbly written story with strong and intelligent male characters. Really liked the author's writing style and he got the interactions between the characters so \\"right\\". Will definitley be purchasing the next book.
079284131X|3.0|Child's Play  When this movie first game on in the late 80s children across the world were petrified of Chucky the doll. The idea that a simple doll could become a murderous monster horrified us all. This idea however fades much like your childhood does. This movie screams 80s horror and is honestly not that scary to begin with. If you are above ten years old, I do not think you will find this one frightening in the least.    The movie opens with a foot chase scene. Charles Lee Ray is being chased the streets by a cop. Ray quickly finds sanctuary in a nearby Mall. In the process he takes a bullet and begins to die. Realizing this he finds a doll. The doll is from a popular children's television show called the \\"Good Guys\\". That name becomes very ironic through the course of the movie. Ray begins spewing some voodoo language and lightning suddenly hits the store causing a huge explosion. You aren't shown what happened, but I'm sure you already have a guess.    From there the movie switches its focus to a mother and her child, Andy. Andy loves the Good Guys and wants one of the Good Guy dolls badly. His mother gets him one as a late Birthday present. Little does she know that the doll, known as Chucky, will become a crazed maniac looking for revenge on all his enemies. After the mother's best friend is killed in what seems like an accident, Andy is caught in the mix. Andy claims that Chucky did it. However, every one thinks he is crazy. Andy is even considered a suspect in the murder. However, we all know it is Chucky.    This movie uses a ton of great camera angles. It is one of the first things I noticed. You see everything perfectly. When Chucky is running, you have a running view of him through his eyesight. Sometimes you will barely catch him running or a shadow of him. This creates a good amount of suspense for the viewer. Also, the mixture of CG, Puppets, and the actual doll work very well for the most part. Sometimes the doll will be floating without anyone holding him. Overall though, they do it pretty well.    One tremendous problem with this film is the 80s vibe it has. Gunshots sound horrible, everyone is made to be idiots, and the antagonist just won't die. All the characters in the movie are asinine. The characters just never get the fact that Chucky is killing everyone. They just play the whole \\"Andy is crazy\\" act and move on. Despite Chucky's footprints and evidence all over the place, they do not believe it. Chucky also suffers from an \\"I just won't die\\" syndrome that I hate in horror movie. He looks like he is dead and the movie is over, then suddenly he is on the attack at the end. It makes you wonder how they even made a second movie after all the punishment he was dealt in this movie.    Another part of the movie that really hurts it is one scene. A cop is attacked by Chucky in his car and ends up crashing his car. Not just crash either; he flips it over and everything. Somehow he is perfectly fine without any damage done to him. Another 80s clich is that car crashes were easy to walk away from I guess.    Chucky himself is brought into the movie very well. He doesn't do much in the beginning of the movie, but is slowly brought in. You don't even seem him truly move until half of the movie is over. This works for me though. It keeps you wanting to know how Chucky looks when he is moving. Chucky is a very crude character and has some funny one-liners. This is why he would move on to do more comedic movies like [[ASIN:0783232039 Bride of Chucky]].    This film is still a classic though. I like the story and idea behind this one. In this day and age it just doesn't hold up well enough to other horror movies. If you are looking for a cheesy movie with an interesting killer, this is for you. If you are looking for a great horror movie to watch, try something else.
B0018QCXFK|4.0|in bluray, with the right calibration for your tv, this movie is going to be VERY colorful. With details that you just did not see from when you watched it on the dvd. Its a must have for any bluray lovers.    sadly the sound quality is nothing to brag about
B0015G9WZ2|5.0|I can't believe I almost stopped watching this show after one episode. It looked like it was going to be a bunch of almost monologue's (one person speeches) and it didn't look like that was going to be worthwhile. Boy, was I wrong. This show is so unique and insightful. It is so interesting to watch that I missed one episode and felt it was so important not to miss even a half hour of the story that I am buying the whole season just to catch the half hour I missed. This also means I can loan the DVD's to my friends who I have been telling and retelling how great this show is. Definitely worth buying.
B000022TSW|5.0|Outstanding! 5 Stars. This is how it's done. Stay true to the spirit and vision of the TV series and put in what would otherwise be in the TV show if TV didn't have to cater to lame, uptight, humorless people all the time. But it is precisely because of society's weirdness, stupidy, and strange mores that makes South Park possible in the first place. It is only out of the sheer wackyness of America that South Park comes from and reason why it is so funny. And I shouldn't be too down on America. I mean it's not like were in China or some crazy Muslim country. I'm sorry but those people are crazy.<br /><br />\\"Bigger, Longer, & Uncut\\" makes me picture a gigantic uncircumcised wang which is a little funny I guess, but mainly just an image I'd prefer not to have in the first place. Where they really knocked it out of the park (no pun intended. really) is with the music numbers!! Great stuff. And I'm no big fan of musicals. Though come to think of it South Park, Family Guy, The Simpsons, -they all are great when it comes to the musical number. I don't understand people taking issue with South Park's animation being \\"crude\\". The style of animation is part of the charm of the show and it's characters and what makes it funny. It looks kind of absurd the way the characters move around sort of like puppets and there is very little detail to buildings and things.<br /><br />The highlights of this great American comedy are so many, but the \\"Uncle F----\\" song is a favorite. And The Mole. When The Mole cursed god! Soo funny. My friends and I noticed that none of the black people in the audience laughed during that part which was an interesting social observation to us at the time. Having the plot center on Terrance and Phillip, the end of the world and the return of Satan -- all because of censorship and intolerance, you simply cannot top. They outdid themselves.<br /><br />There are relatively few contemporary movies I've seen in the theater that I feel are perfectly realized artistic achievements. And that are as entertaining. Trey Parker and Matt Stone who are big fans of Mike Judge said that Judge did the smart thing with \\"Beavis and Butthead Do America\\" and by smart they meant safe. Judge made a movie that was fairly safe for the general public. I think South Park's creators got it backwards on that. They did the smart thing with their movie. Out of all the TV cartoon series movies South Park's is the best.d that are as entertaining. Trey Parker and Matt Stone who are big fans of Mike Judge said that Judge did the smart thing with \\"Beavis and Butthead Do America\\" and by smart they meant safe. Judge made a movie that was fairly safe for the general public. I think South Park's creators got it backwards on that. They did the smart thing with their movie. Out of all the TV cartoon series movies South Park's is the best.
B0013FSL0C|5.0|I can't believe I almost stopped watching this show after one episode. It looked like it was going to be a bunch of almost monologue's (one person speeches) and it didn't look like that was going to be worthwhile. Boy, was I wrong. This show is so unique and insightful. It is so interesting to watch that I missed one episode and felt it was so important not to miss even a half hour of the story that I am buying the whole season just to catch the half hour I missed. This also means I can loan the DVD's to my friends who I have been telling and retelling how great this show is. Definitely worth buying. Don't read to much about the show before you watch it because watching each bit of the story unfold is part of the show you really don't want to miss
B000057NVH|2.0|The two stars are for the recording not the music. This quadrophonic version of Tubular Bells is historically interesting but the sound is poor and tinny and the separation just demonstrates that although Mike was a multi-instrumentalist he wasn't a very good one! However, he rectified all of this when he re-recorded the entire thing for the Tubular Bells 2003 disc. That version has fantastic sound, better musicianship and the best immersive surround mix I've ever heard (and one sympathetic to the piece itself). If you want Tubular Bells in surround, skip this one and get the 2003 one. Even Mike Oldfield agrees its better!
B0002KQNUO|5.0|Tired of mainstream?  This CD is full of inspiring musical compositions not based in the Top-40 foundations.  It opens a world of possibilities that you may have not considered in music genres.  Most of the songs on this CD are either wordly energetic or joyous to your tears.  If you crave music with an artistic flavor, powerful beat, and strong foreign impressions, this CD will make you smile.  The French lyrics, mixed with classic symphonic and playful instrumentals, will entice you again and again.  Highly recommended.
1416955070|3.0|I loved this book, it has a surprising twist and a awesome plot line however, it is a bit confusing. Cassandra Clare throws information at you too fast and expects you to be able to remember it. Also, as many science fiction books are, too similar too each other. I was hoping for a new, raw, idea, and she didn't bring it, which is why I rated it a 3, rather than a 5.
1580176941|5.0|I purchased this book for my friend who has a home cookie business, she loved it.  Great ideas and useful tips.
031606792X|1.0|I am extremely disappointed in this book. I read five chapters into it and i disliked it already, because I am such an avid fan of hers, I wanted to believe she would make it better so I continued reading it. My dislike for this book grew as I continued to read.   I feel that ever since Twilight has come out, her books haven't gotten any better, in fact, they have slowly gotten worst.   She wrote Twilight for herself, not knowing if it would become a book. It did, and it became a sensation, but now, I feel like she's writing to please her fans and not herself, regardless of what she says.   I gave Twilight a 5, it was genius. New Moon was a 4, Eclipse a 3.5 but Breaking Dawn gets a flat out 1.  I hope that Stephenie Meyer will go back to where she wrote just for herself and not her fans, because thats when she pleased her fans the most
031606792X|1.0|This nice \\"pop tart\\" of a reading series is destroyed in the last book.  What made the first three books work -- the interactions between Edward and Bella, the dialogue between the two characters, the TIME they spend with each other -- that's all missing.      The first third tries, but is rushed.  The middle third is from Jacob's POV and might have worked in another instance, but the reader keeps wondering what Bella and Edward are THINKING... What are THEY feeling?  Any investment we've made is killed, by the view of the outsid narrator. While Jacob's voice is interesting, it seriously throws the reader out of the story.  The final third? 25 new characters, a false expectation of drama, some squirrely storytelling and a fast ending.      I wanted a story about Bella and Edward, their love and their thoughts -- I didn't get it.
0143038419|5.0|Hands down this is the best book I have ever read.  Elizabeth's witty writing is like nothing I have ever experienced.  Even the chapters are divided in a creative way.  I really enjoyed walking with her through her pain and happiness.  She is honest and can laugh at herself.  We all need to learn how to do that!  I am dying to read her next one!
0738711500|5.0|I recently purchased this deck and book set. The artwork is amazing! Even if you are not sure about getting a Tarot deck, the artwork alone is worth purchasing the deck.  Each image is just as stunning as the next. I also like how the artist's goal was to create a deck that was similar to the Rider Waite [[ASIN:0880793465 Pocket Rider Waite Tarot]] Tarot feel and vibration, but yet different.  Job very well done.  So all those of us who like the Rider Waite can nicely transition into this gorgeous Tarot deck. The companion book from what I have read in it so far, has a very positive and loving vibration to it.  So it enhances working with lovely cards to have a positive, loving and encouraging book interpretation, that nudges towards forward growth.  I keep records of my readings in my Tarot Journal[[ASIN:1424340802 Tarot Journal]] and Daily Spread Journal[[ASIN:0615206492 Daily Spread Tarot & Oracle Journal]]. They are perfect for recording readings of all kinds and with any deck. Lots of fun card stickers to use, so I never have to draw boxes.  :)
0307276902|1.0|I cannot believe that so many people that have reviewed his book and he still has over 4 stars!  What is going on?  How do lies sell like hotcakes?  It is so obviously far from the truth it is sickening.  There is nothing like the pains of detox except the lies of someone pretending to \\"play\\" detox and banking off it.  How warped can you be?  Standing in front of people like the golden child as if you deserve some respect from the public-HA!  i want my money back Frey!  You owe it back to all of us that were cheated!!!
B00005N6KG|2.0|The sound in the headphones is fine and I really liked the fact they were light and fit over the head but the earbuds never really seemed to fit and they were slightly hard and uncomfortable. Maybe it is by design that they do not fit snug in the ear but while I was walking and jogging the wind kept whistling around the earbuds and I couldn't tune it out. (this wasn't a windy day either, just the normal air that would pass by you while walking or jogging.) The fact that they kept slipping coupled with the wind noise issue kept me distracted and aggitated to the point where I couldn't enjoy my work out.  I'm going to go ahead and keep them and use them for a back up in case my headphones at work go out but these will not be used with my mp3 player as intended.
031606792X|4.0|OK, I am getting a little bit miffed at all the Stephenie hate I've read here. Yes, I too had a couple of eyebrow-raising experiences when I read about the pregnancy and imprinting -- but I eventually got used to the idea and moved on, and I was able to enjoy the book. The reason I didn't give it 5 stars is that it was missing a little bit of relationship building moments between Nessie (I'm still getting used to the idea of that name, but it's starting to grow on me) and Edward -- and then it wouldn't have hurt to have a few more \\"dazzling\\" moments between Edward and Bella. Because, to be honest, those were my favorite moments in the other three books. But my thing is that if the book were about 1000 pgs instead of 750 it would have been just perfect -- there was a lot of information there and I would have liked more emotional time with the characters, which I'm sure Stephenie would have loved to have given us, but the book was already pretty thick.    I do have to say that the people that are saying that fanfiction they have read was better, yada yada yada, I want to tell them this. If Stephenie had not come out with Twilight in the first place, there would BE NO FANFICTION!!! This is Stephenie's world and her characters and she can do whatever she pleases with them!! If she wants Bella to have everything perfect in the end, then more power to her! And people that are yelling at her that vampires can't have babies -- wow, that would be news to her, since she CREATED the vampire world that we're correcting her about!! And, you Breaking Dawn haters, if you can do better coming up with a world of your own and writing flawlessly about it, and making us care about her characters as much as we do . . . I'd like to see you try it! (And no borrowing ideas from Stephenie either). And while you're at it, get your book made into a major Hollywood production!! If you achieve HALF of what Stephenie has I will eat my left flip-flop!!    Sorry . . . getting off my soapbox now .. . what I'd really like to end with is that I absolutely adore Stephenie and the world she has created for us to be obsessed over, and I applaud her for doing what she feels is right for her characters and not letting the fans tell her what THEY think should happen.    Stephenie, we love you!! Don't ever stop writing!! I'll always be a fan!
031606792X|3.0|Breaking Dawn didn't play out as I expected, but overall was a decent ending to the Twilight Saga.  It had its problems, as many have mentioned.  The story-line seemed a bit 'off' and didn't have that 'can't put down' feeling to it, which the other three books had.  At points, I thought the characters statements or actions seemed a bit off, as well.<br /><br />Edward and Bella's relationship was definitely different than in different books, which is too be expected, but with the loss of Bella's morality comes the loss of all sexual tension between the lovers.  I was reminded of the \\"Moonlighting\\" effect while reading this book.  (Moonlighting was a TV show that had two characters who loved each-other, though they would never admit it.  It was a hit.  When they finally did get together, the ratings fell-- there was no more tension in there relationship, leaving a boring normal romance between them.)  Breaking Dawn reminded me A LOT of that.  We finally get what we want, what we expect, and then the characters just don't seem as interesting.  (And we learn Bella has a bad taste in choosing names!!!)<br /><br />Meyer did a great job writing Jacob.  And this is coming from a person who wasn't such a huge fan of the werewolf!<br /><br />Overall, though I didn't expect the story-line as it played out, I did enjoy this book.  It was a nice conclusion to an excellent series.
B0012K1ILW|1.0|Did this girl go through one of those things like Prince were she had to put out a CD to fulfill a contract? This CD is down right awful. I put this thing in my player and I had to force myself to listen to it. I didn't make it.
031606792X|5.0|I anticipated Breaking Dawn being full of the love triangle and then at the end finally finding out if Bella would become a vampire.  I was pleased that Stephenie gave us the first book to enjoy Bella and Edward being in love sans stress.  A lot of people write of the absurdity of the hybrid child and how implausable the story line was.  Duh.  It is a fantasy, the whole book is implausable.  Isnt that why we love them?  The escape.      Many say the characters were not themselves.  You have to realize when Bella became a vampire she was no longer vulnerable.  She and Edward were finally on a level playing field and problems that defined their relationship no longer existed.  I enjoyed having Bella strong.  I also loved how she matured after giving birth.  The experienced changed her for the better.  I think what people are missing is the underlying hopelessness of the other books.  I loved finishing the book with a feeling of happiness instead of heart ache.  I truly felt the story to be completed through Breaking Dawn.
031606792X|2.0|In spite of my friend's assurances that I would hate this series, particularly the overbearing stalkerish behavior of Edward, from the beginning, I really enjoyed Twilight through Eclipse.    Breaking Dawn ruined it all.  Ew.  So much ew.  Just skip it.  Spoilers below.      1)Bella doesn't want to get married, because she realizes how ridiculous it is to do that at age 18, but really all of the protestations are moot because of course the second she sees Edward's face at the perfect wedding, he was right all along.  SMeyer message: ignore society when they tell you it's hoosier to get married so young, even though the through-the-roof divorce statistics of teenage marriages are proof enough of what a bad idea it is.  Because true love makes everything perfect!    2)Bella never even thought about being a mom, but her magical baby suddenly makes her want it more than anything else in the world.  She'll die for the baby, she loves it so much!  She's so selfless and wonderful, for never ever having an abortion no matter what anyone else said.  A real mother dies for her baby!  Good thing she's got a vampire handy to heal her broken spinal cord with his venom.    3)I knew Jacob was going to imprint on that kid from the beginning, because it really would provide a revulsion trifecta.  Look, it is nothing but creepy that this fully grown man finds a mate in a newborn (no matter how Mary Sue that newborn is).  Insisting that it's entirely paternalistic in the beginning does not make it better SMeyer!  Jacob is like a second father to her now, but in about 7 years he'll be screwing her and that is just EWWWW!  Please, please, please don't write any Jacob/Nessie books.  Please.     I just really abhor the messages this gives about young love and motherhood, because real girls don't have the options that Bella does.  I do not recommend this book.
0375842209|5.0|This book is in my top 5 fictional books of all time, behind The Godfather, For Whom the Bell Tolls, The Old Man and the Sea, and A Farewell to Arms. It is an extremely powerful and riveting book. I got it for Easter and when I got it It was my favorite book.
1582701709|1.0|i tried the visualization!!! i envisioned my self in a ferrari with Paris Hilton and i tried so hard it almost came to me but the problem was Paris was in jail :(. so i thought mabey i should really ask, believe, and recive, that didnt work either but it did get Paris out of jail loool.and then when i thought it about deeply i found out the secret is not about me and Paris Hilton, its about the human greet and the overwhelming desire of people trying to control their life and accepting any brian farts(or according to the book ideas) that fullfills this desire of control that we are never gonna have.
B000KKPN5C|5.0|I have only used this light once at a wedding reception and my photos came out great.  This flash is very compact, not bulky at all.  Unless you are a professional photographer I can't see why you would need anything more.
0060578793|5.0|Every time I open this book, I'm amazed at how much information is packed in the 570 pages.  Covers everything you need to know, plus some.  A great buy, at a great price.
031606792X|5.0|I personally believe that this book was the perfect ending. In fact, when I finished it that was the best word I could think of to describe it. It all boils down to the fact that this is a work of fiction - escapist fiction at that. Stephenie chose the ending she felt was best for the characters she loved. I agreed because I also loved these characters and wanted only the best for them. It's a great book. Read it. Below I've answered some of the more outragous complaints with my thoughts and feelings.     I should probably say that I have been married for three years to a man that I met when I was fifteen and who I married when I was nineteen and about to go into my last year of college (yes I did finish college). I don't see anything wrong with someone of Bella's age getting married. Yes my life is not the ideal that Edward and Bella's is, but my husband and I are learning and growing together. In fact, I think marriage is easier for us because we have gone through these early life changing events together and have therefore changed together. Sure, it's not a bed of roses but I wouldn't change it for the world. I think it's sad that women who want a family first and foremost are made to feel wrong. To each their own. The only thing I've ever really wanted is to raise my own family. I'm proud of that fact and can't wait until my husband and I have our first child. I don't look down on you for wanting to be the CEO of Wal-Mart, don't look down on me for being content teaching preschool and starting a family.     As for the teenage pregnancy, she was married for pete's sake. She's not Jamie Lynn Spears - getting married after having a baby at 16. She was in love with Edward, eternally committed in the eyes of God and the law, and got pregnant. Again, not ideal in your first year of marriage, but not the end of the world in her situation. I don't think Stephanie Meyer was advocating anything. She was simply following the story where it took her. Bella was not particularly religous, but she felt that she could not abort this baby. End of story. All of these people who are \\"pro-choice\\" only seem to agree when the choice is to abort. How about allowing everyone to do what's right for themselves? I support a woman's right to choose, but I know that if I were in that situation I would have the baby because that's what's right for me.     Also, Stephenie explained why it was possible for Bella to concieve. Vampire WOMEN cannot concieve because their bodies do not change. Vampire MEN are changed at a point where they are still producing the vital baby making supplies. Therefore, a vampire man is able to impregnate a human woman. If that doesn't fly with you write your own vampire novel. It's her book and she can do what she wants.     Bella's power. Again, perfect if you look at her character throughout the series. The thing she wanted most of all was to protect her family and friends. She is now able to do that. She went from being a total liability to being their strongest asset. She is able to shield them from anything. Also, any \\"personality changes\\" her becoming a vampire brought about were expected. I can't believe that any fans of the series would have wanted her to stay the same as her human self after being changed. It would have made absolutely no sense.
031606792X|1.0|Spoilers below...    What a huge disservice to Mormons and to mothers with young innocent fans! I'm a Mormon too, and I can tell you the morals in this book were so far from what we believe and so twisted that it made me sick to think a Mormon actually wrote it!    We do believe in girls going to college, and it's strongly encouraged. I went to college and so did Meyer.  We DON'T believe girls should marry at 18! Go to college first!  Plus we do believe in abortion if the mother's life is at stake. Bet you didn't know that, did you?  My point here...don't judge Mormons in general based on fantasy written by one. She did NOT put what we believe in her book. I can promise you that!    Meyer never, never should have even touched on the controversial subject of abortion in a YA book! Never! JKR waited until after the series was done to say her thing about Dumbledor. Why? Because it would have ruined the series for many of her fans if she had. Duh.    This is not consistent with her other works. I think Edward should have experienced some mixed feelings about the baby. I think he should have been worried for Bella, but also had some sort of tenderness for a child that HE conceived, a miracle, but no, she had to make it some disturbing nightmare. And for him to actually suggest Jacob sleep with his wife so she can have a baby was completely sick! I thought Edward had morals and that's why he wanted to wait until after they were married to sleep together, but apparently Bella can sleep with another man. What?    And then the demonic and gory pregnancy and birth served to further ruin the book! She could have done it so differently. And....It could have been about action-hero-vampires fighting evil to save the child, showcasing their really cool and unique powers. But no, she failed in that, too.    What Meyer did do was make people believe false information about Mormons and terrorize innocent readers because no warning was put on the book. Young girls had no idea what sick book they were about to read, all because Meyer and the publishers were more interested in making money.    Meyer, I might have given you a higher rating. There were parts of this I liked, but the bad stuff destroyed it! Stephenie, your lack of morals as a Mormon is why you get one star from me. Thanks for setting a bad example for the rest of us.
B0002F6BRE|5.0|In a world filled with elf and Santa Claus movies, this one definitely stands out from the crowd.  The movie is about a human baby who accidentally crawls into Santa's sack on one fateful Christmas day, and consequently is transported to the north pole to live among cheerful, happy, Christmas-adoring elves.  And like all good adopted kids in the movies, Buddy wants to meet his biological father and sets out to find him in the most un-north pole like city, New York.<br /><br />Will Ferrell is perfect for this role.  He is endearing as the innocent and vulnerable Buddy.  You can't help but adore him.  As a critical movie watcher, I sometimes imagine certain characters with different actors, but I really can't imagine anyone else playing Buddy but Will Ferrell.<br />The supporting actors were all very well casted as well.  They all perfectly complemented Buddy's over-the-top persona.<br /><br />Jon Favreau has done it marvellously.  This film is light, sweet, and hilarious!  A great holiday fun!
0786948523|3.0|the book is by far the weakest of the three core books.    The good:  The new mechanics focus on the \\"screen time\\" devoted to each monster and keeps things simpler.  Most entries provide knowledge check info with DCs and useful info.  Book is colorful and includes lots of creatures and variations    The bad:  Other than the DC check knowledge, background info on the creatures is really sparse.  In some cases variations in a entry don't even have a phsyical description of how they are different.  Templates would be better served in here than in the DMG (though that's a minor quibble).    Overall, still well worth the money if you are going to run a game.
B00008R9KF|5.0|The film covers a short period of time in the life of Omar, a young Pakistani living in London in the 80's. His father is a brilliant, well educated socialist who was famous back home but is a nobody there, so he has taken to his bed with a bottle of vodka.  His hope is in Omar, and he expects him to go to college to understand the evils of society. Meanwhile, though they need cash and he calls on his successful  brother, Nassar to give Omar a summer job in one of his many businesses.      We watch Omar as he gains favor with Nassar and gets to manage one of his run down laundrettes in a poor area of the city.  He wants to follow in his uncle's footsteps and make a lot of money.  The plot thickens as he runs into an old childhood friend, Johnny, a lower class native Brit who has turned into a petty criminal and hangs out with a group of racist skinhead types.  We follow Omar as he deals with the various personalities in the extended family, including a female cousin who has her eye on him.     Omar persuades Johnny to help him turn the laundrette into something spectacular and the project gives the film its center.  We see squalor turned into beauty as the two boys realize their dream and meanwhile we see them fall in love with each other. It's not a simple success story, though, and they have to contend with enemies in both groups--the Pakistani family and the skinheads.      There is so much richness in this small, unpretentious, made for TV film...themes of class distinction, political views, sexuality, roles of women as well as race.  The film just tells the story without preaching at us.  I found myself rooting for each of them, at one time or another, with the exception of the totally vile Salim.  The acting is terrific and Daniel Day Lewis will grab your heart. And even though there is plenty to worry us as the plot unfolds, I found myself feeling good at the end. A very human film.
B000VKJ6VS|5.0|Well we all couldn't agree more that Marks guitar skills have blown off the roof since the good ol' Creed days!!  Not that I disliked Creed, they were a gr8 band in their own right..  but AB is a complete different monster altogether! Unlike most Copycat Rock bands out there today, these guys actually maintain their originality!!  Myles vocals are amazing & completely fit right in!! Almost as if this band was destined to be! This album is just the beginning...  I'm sure with each album these guys will sound better & better & better! For all u metal heads out there..  pick this up blindly..  you will not regret it!! Cheers!
B00005JPY0|5.0|The Dark Knight achieves greatness in ways that will leave the audience dazzled, and overwhelmed.  Christopher Nolan has made a film that I can't even place within the superhero genre.<br /><br />Since Batman Begins major changes have rushed through Gotham City.  Criminals hide from the streets at night, preferring to hold their meetings in the safety of light, and the citizens begin to stand up to and fight the mob that controls their city.  The source of these changes is no other then the dark vigilante, Batman.<br /><br />The film opens with a great bank heist scene, where thugs wearing clown masks begin to rob a Mob bank, systematically killing one and other once an individual loses his worth in the job.  It seems that the good that was started by Bruce Wayne's alter-ego has also brought the bad, in the form of a psychotic criminal mastermind who goes by the name \\"Joker\\".<br /><br />The Joker, played by the late Heath Ledger is without a doubt the shining performance of this magnificent film, providing moviegoers and fans of the Batman comics of recent years a dark, twisted, truly psychotic Joker.  This is the first time the Joker's twisted character has been brought to the big screen.<br /><br />As the movie goes on The Joker takes advantage of the mob in its time of desperation, with the promise that he can kill Batman, for half of their entire joint fortune.  Pressured by bold actions by the people of Gotham, Batman and rising \\"White Knight, District Attorney Harvey Dent the mob leaders give into the crazed individual's demands.<br /><br />Armed with a large array of knives, make-up and a costume suit The Joker begins to terrorize the streets of Gotham, with a promise of killing until Batman reveals his true identity.  The Joker, who lives without rules soon, obtains a strong hold over the people of Gotham with his unpredictable antics. The political powers that people trust just don't have the power to overcome a man who doesn't even have a rule book of his own to follow.  Ultimately Batman must face off with this foe and be forced to choose between breaking his \\"One rule\\" and letting The Joker win, or overcoming this Harlequin of Hate who preys on the weak, turning them into agents of chaos.<br /><br />Every-single actor in this film is worth noting, not a single supporting cast member doesn't get in his/her moments, the most notable being Morgan Freemen, Aaron Eckhart, and Michael Caine.  The art direction, sets and overall feel of the film captures a perfect balance that makes these characters who have frequented comic pages for over sixty years seem very real.<br /><br />That's what makes this film great, and that is not a super hero film, it is a crime film that examines and studies human emotion and morals to an extent that very few movies have done in previous years.<br /><br />The fact that it mixes a deep plot in with things a mainstream audience appreciates, such as the action sequences, shows that it is perhaps the best film of the last ten years, and certainly succeeds where all other super hero films have failed.<br /><br />Without a doubt The Dark Knight is a great achievement in cinema and will be a classic.  That being said, this film is not for those with small children.  The plot is incredibly dark, and will no doubt haunt the nightmares of a majority of children under the age of thirteen, so I can not warn parents enough that this is not for the kiddies.  Even parents, who think their child can handle grotesque imagery, keep in mind that the plot is very complicated and probably won't be comprehended by young ones.<br /><br />My recommendation for parents who want to introduce Batman to their kids is the animated series from the 1990s and its theatrical movie `Batman: Mask of the Phantasm'.  There you can get Batman's dark undertones, without much need to worry for the child's well being, and they're enjoyable for all age groups.<br /><br />The Dark Knight = 10/10 Starsman must face off with this foe and be forced to choose between breaking his \\"One rule\\" and letting The Joker win, or overcoming this Harlequin of Hate who preys on the weak, turning them into agents of chaos.      Every-single actor in this film is worth noting, not a single supporting cast member doesn't get in his/her moments, the most notable being Morgan Freemen, Aaron Eckhart, and Michael Caine.  The art direction, sets and overall feel of the film captures a perfect balance that makes these characters who have frequented comic pages for over sixty years seem very real.      That's what makes this film great, and that is not a super hero film, it is a crime film that examines and studies human emotion and morals to an extent that very few movies have done in previous years.      The fact that it mixes a deep plot in with things a mainstream audience appreciates, such as the action sequences, shows that it is perhaps the best film of the last ten years, and certainly succeeds where all other super hero films have failed.      Without a doubt The Dark Knight is a great achievement in cinema and will be a classic.  That being said, this film is not for those with small children.  The plot is incredibly dark, and will no doubt haunt the nightmares of a majority of children under the age of thirteen, so I can not warn parents enough that this is not for the kiddies.  Even parents, who think their child can handle grotesque imagery, keep in mind that the plot is very complicated and probably won't be comprehended by young ones.    My recommendation for parents who want to introduce Batman to their kids is the animated series from the 1990s and its theatrical movie `Batman: Mask of the Phantasm'.  There you can get Batman's dark undertones, without much need to worry for the child's well being, and they're enjoyable for all age groups.      The Dark Knight = 10/10 Stars
031606792X|5.0|As a good portion of the people I know, I was eagerly awaiting the release of Breaking Dawn. I went to the midnight release party,and I did not go to sleep until I had finished the book that night. My honest review is that this is the finale for a series that I have been waiting for. I wish that Harry Potter 7 had left me with this feeling.     As per the title of my review, people need to remember that this is a FICTIONAL series, and thank god for the wonderful imagination of Stephenie Meyer, and her gift of this amazing saga. I personally liked the idea of everything getting wrapped up at the end, with a happy ending for all. The push in young adult lit. has been very dark and forboding of late, and it is almost against the rules to have a teen book with a happy ending. If there is not a plethora of agnst, then it is not a teen book. Thank goodness Ms. Meyer has created a breath of fresh air, and has brought about some positive feelings.     Please, we need happy endings, we need to know that a haracter/characters can have things work out for them, and that good can overcome evil. That is the powerful message of breaking dawn. Also, what ever happened to people using their imaginations? I found it refreshing not to have graphic sexual scenes, and let me imigination work for once.    I have re-read the book twice, and this is a series that I encourage all the students in my classes to read as an appropriate choice for young adult readers.     Congrats Stephenie on a terrfic finale, well done, and I hope that you get some well deserved rest.     For all you readers out there, enjoy, this is the finale that Harry Potter should have had.
031606792X|4.0|Reviewers of this book seem to either love it or hate it. I confess, I'm not in either camp. I enjoyed the book, for what it was. It is an adolescent novel, the last in a series of fantasy books. As such, I thought that it was an entertaining read. Like the other Twilight books, I was drawn into the story, and really enjoyed reading it.    Sure, the whole vampire pregancy thing was a stretch, but no more so than the existence of the Volturi, werewolves that turned out to be shape-shifters, etc. I did find the birth scene reminiscent of the movie Alien, but what do you expect with a vampire? It's fantasy people. Expect it, and move on.    I really enjoyed the development of Jacob as a character. I LOVED his voice, his chapter titles, his perspective. I thought that he added some levity to the novel that was much needed.     I thought that Meyer handled the honeymoon scenes tastefully and appreciated that she explored both Bella and Edward's nervous feelings, and explained how vulnerable Bella felt. I thought that was a positive message about sexuality. I don't advocate teenage pregnancy, and don't think that the book does either. Although Bella was nineteen, she was in a committed relationship and had the financial and emotional support of not only a HUSBAND, but extended family as well. And I appreciated the way that Bella developed as a person after becoming a mother. I think that while that section would be difficult for a teenager to relate to, it was completely valid. Like the Johnson and Johnson's commercials state: having a baby changes everything, not just for Bella, but for all of the characters.    I did think that everything ended a little too happily, without any sacrifice. In that regard, it was less satisfying than Harry Potter, or other series. But, I did feel a sense of closure and think that Meyer resolved the conflicts well.     Is this Pulitzer Prize winning fiction? No. But it was entertaining, and I enjoyed it.
0761129235|5.0|Great book.  Easy, short read gives you the urge to keep reading at the end of a chapter.  Great advice, if you follow it.  It's changed my life in a very positive way.  I bought ten copies to give to those I love.
B000AADYRQ|5.0|They have a folksy sound and they know how to make you want to listen. Very good music. They're not the Beatles, but then who is. It's well worth the money.
0060899220|3.0|Casserole of narcissism, vulgar references, drugs, sex, and food - keep away from children. On the upside, sprinkled between the swearing and largely uninspiring autobiography are plenty of interesting passages about the profession, and the industry. You have to give credit to Anthony Bourdain for the in-your-face tales of his experiences, though it certainly makes you hope that `Kitchen Confidential' is more of an autobiography rather than an accurate description of the profession.
B000021XR5|4.0|This is my least favorite CD by STP, but that's ok, because they more then made up for it with \\"Shangri-La Dee Da.\\" This is a good CD, and \\"Sour Girl\\" is a great song.
031606792X|4.0|The pattern of Hollywood/entertainment/media in general is that the darker and more depressing a storyline or movie, the better it is.  Take the Batman movies for example.  The first one that came out many years ago was a fun action comic based movie.  Each Batman movie has become progressively darker and more evil feeling.  This is typical of the media as a whole, whether it by Hollywood, or books.      I miss the days when the formula was happy and the characters were fun.  And I'm not even that old...early thirties.  That's why I have loved this whole saga, including BD.  I read to be entertained, to escape into a happy optimistic world.  What's so wrong with a happy ending when most of the world today demands darkness and depression.  It's a breath of fresh air in today's society.  Like I said, I read to be entertained and I truly have been.    Seriously, I don't get why happy endings mean a weak novel.  Anyone?  Doesn't the world need some of that?
031606792X|5.0|***Spoiler Alert***    I have been reading this series since the beginning of 2006, and have loved it since the first chapter. I started reading at a mere 15 years old and am now 18. These books have been there for me when when life seemed to fail. I cherish these books with all my heart. Now, some people are saying that this book is sending out the wrong messages, like becoming a wife and a parent so young and how unrealistic it is for everything in life to work out perfectly in the end.  This just makes me chuckle because if Bella HADN'T ended up marrying Edward, people would be bashing the book for that reason.  I think Bella having a child is wonderful, even though she was so young. But what everyone needs to remember about Bella is, that she has always been so very mature for her age. She is like a thirty year old trapped in a teenagers body. Which is why I think there are also so many adult fans as well, she is so relateable to a variety of age groups.  And if all those loose ends ended up being frayed instead of tied up, like Edward and/or Bella dying or any of the Cullens dying people would be griping about that as well. This is a FANTASY novel people, yeah things don't usually work out as perfectly in real life, but isn't that why we read books in the first place? So we can escape reality? I'm very happy with the way things ended, not because I'm delusional but because with a series like this, that's they way things are supposed to end. I don't like everything I read to be realistic(not to say I don't like realistic books however). I mean, we are talking about vampires and (as of recently) shape-shifters here people, this isn't a history book.  Take it for what it is, please.   One last thing to keep in mind is that Stephenie IS a mormon.  Bella and Edward were OBVIOUSLY going to marry because if not they would never have had sex.  Stephenie is also a mother of four or five children and she loves BEING a mother.  In an interview one time she said she reallywanted to include motherhood in her stories.  Her faith and her family impacts her stories, and if you don't like that then don't read the books. I do have to admit one thing though, I WAS kind of itching for a fight at the end, but at the same time I'm very glad no one had to die. I really hope everyone can put things into perspective because this book and the rest of the series was beautiful and amazing.
031606792X|5.0|This final addition to the Twilight saga has seemingly dissappointed many readers, but not this one.  I think that the story and messages in the book are awesome and I truly enjoyed reading it.  I did not read fan ideas of what would happen before hand so that I could actually understand what STEPHENIE MEYER wanted me to get out of the book.  I love the message of love and that Bella has found the place where she completely fits in.  I also appreciate the moral aspects in the entire series that is lacking in most modern literature.  If you enjoy a good fantasy love story, the this series is awesome. If you prefer morose and dreary tales of loss then this series is not for you.
B000RPTQ1C|3.0|I liked it better on the 10th listen than the first, and overall it is a good album, but I can't see where all these \\"5 star I love it\\" reviews are coming from. It is their weakest offering to date, but it is still worth a listen. I would have given 3.5 if possible.
0743298039|4.0|Our book club's choice for July was THE THIRTEENTH TALE, by Diane Setterfield.  After having read some very quick, zippy reads for the last few months, we decided we want to try something more \\"literary.\\"  Many of us had heard of this book and read the good reviews, so we decided to give it a try.     The set-up is intriguing indeed.  This is the story of two women.  A reclusive best-selling author named Vida Winter is dying.  She has deliberately set out to obscure the facts of her life, telling a different life story to anyone who asks.  Margaret Lea is a young bookworm who's written a biography that Vida is impressed with, and Vida decides that she will tell her \\"true\\" life story to Margaret.  But how \\"true\\" is the story Vida tells, and does Margaret have any secrets of her own?       Vida's story has all the elements of the traditional Gothic story: a creepy old estate (Angelfield), a ghost, missing babies, and a few sexual peccadilloes.  And the story seems inspired by so many of the greats: Henry James (though the book is a much faster read than that), the Brontes, Daphne DuMaurier (Rebecca).  And the story unravels like the old books of Victoria Holt, with plenty of period detail and deception, all through a first-person story.     It's hard not to like THE THIRTEENTH TALE, in that it is such an homage to all the greats, using some of their elements but combining them in a way that keeps the book fresh.  We thought it was a bit slow to start, but then again the Gothics usually are.  However, the pace does pick up...and, most importantly, it's easy to read.  We found the plot turns, and the game of cat-and-mouse between Vida and Margaret, to be very addicting and fun.  The tricky thing is that Vida is much more interesting than Margaret; however, Gothic heroines are traditionally understated (think Jane Eyre).     Interestingly, this is one of the few books we've read that divided along gender lines.  In general, the women ate it up; the men got through it butsaid they felt like they were reading a \\"woman's book.\\"  Which led to some interesting discussion! (And let me stand up for the men here--they're an enlightened group!  It was fun to discuss the differences between \\"men's fiction\\" and \\"women's fiction.\\")     All told, an enjoyable read, a notch above the usual Gothic fare--because it does take the elements of the Gothic and make them more modern.  You can tell Setterfield has great love of and respect for the classics; and it was pleasant to be in her company.
B000N6TX1I|5.0|The story is great. The camera work is very original - you feel like everything thats happening to its characters is happening to you. There are no special effects which is rare nowadays. Real explosions, real gunfire and so on... Actors did a great job. Most importantly this movie was highly believeable. No nonsense that left me going \\"oh come on.. give me a break\\" (and I'm that kind of a guy). I really felt for the characters and got attached to them. The atmosphere alone was unbelieveable -- a cold, dark, dead near-future -- kind of like the game HL 2 when you first get off the train (if you've ever played it). This movie definitely leaves you with something to remember.
0671799320|3.0|Kind librarians should consider filing The Prize in the \\"Reference\\" section as a clear warning to readers. Yergin's book is a laboriously impressive volume of forgettable details by one of the oil industry's most gifted analysts. It is not a light bedtime or commuter train friend!<br /><br />- The storyline lacks a cohesive theme<br />- There are no main characters (including the oil companies!) tying the narrative together<br />- Personalities appear and dissolve forever in rapid-fire succession, leaving little imprint on the storyline<br />- The chronology often spirals confusingly in time, digressing into analyses which exhibit all the charm of a workplace memo<br /><br />Yergin has written an exhaustive business history using the wrong medium. I suggest chopping The Prize up into bite-sized pieces and posting it to a website. There, at least, the disjointed pages would bear no responsibility for drawing the reader forward.
B00008977N|3.0|Very late one night on a local cable TV station that plays intriguing and obscure art videos in an eclectic mix of classic early film, ballet, opera, or symphony performances, suddenly there was Peter Gabriel with about twenty singers, dancers, and musicians on a near dark stage singing \\"In Your Eyes,\\" surrounded by wonderful Africans and World People, jumping and generating magical music. It must have lasted 20 minutes, certainly it lasted long enough to completely absorb all my energy and spirit as I found myself laughing, jumping, and transported into joyeousness. Then, as suddenenly as it had appeared, it disappeared into the next video vingnette. That was over a year ago and ever since I have hunted and hoped to find that video to have and hold onto it when my spirit next needed a boosting.    Suffice it to say that nowhere on Amazon was it found, although the subject of this review seemed to offer hope. \\"In Your Eyes,\\" is one of Gabriel's most important songs and it shows up in several different places among his recordings. All I can say is perhaps the video that I saw was unauthorized, donated from some private collection, perhaps even clandestinely recorded, considering the images were far from crisp. All I know is the video I bought is not the same. Yes, it has a diverse group of musicians, including a great female singing partner, but it's slick where the other was raw energy and staged where the other was unadorned, in all, it's a lesser attempt to recreate the performance I am seeking. As they say, close but no cigar.   PS-If anyone can help me find the real thing, please give up the information, thanks!
031606792X|2.0|This is not the book I expected to read. I can't explain what I was expecting but it just wasn't what was on the page. I found (spolier alert!) the pregnancy out of left field, the imprinting, while creepy, too obvious and the ending while fun to read seems, in the end, to be all build-up and no pay-off. Yes, Bella and Edward get their happy ending and I am quite satisfied with many of the reveals - Bella as a vampire etc, getting a part of the story from Jacob's p.o.v....but it just seems like their could have been more. i'm left thinking \\"thats it?\\". I wanted to be left breathless and I do not think that I am alone. Another complaint is the lack of love scenes. Okay, I wasn't expecting NC-17 or anything graphic but I was expecting more build-up, more feeling. It was all done after-the-fact which just seemed odd. Their was more sensuality in scenes in Eclipse then there was Breaking Dawn. I am a huge, huge adult fan of the books, my friends would describe me as \\"obsessed\\" but I am disappointed in this lackluster finale.
B000RPTQ1C|5.0|Bought this for my husband's birthday.  I fell in love with ColdPlay too.  10 excellent songs, I enjoy them while driving.
B0001NBMBC|4.0|So this is where the force of nature has led: to Vol. 3 The Subliminal Verses. Oh, yeah. It's still Slipknot, just a little more alt-rock leaning and less like a tornado of guitars and drums and growls. Which may seriously, seriously piss off some of their fans.  The self-titled was brilliant, the sound of a completely new wave of music coming into its own. They sounded like the musical prodigys from hell, riffing and bashing through what will probably always be the album of their career. The tightly-wound experimental bleeps and horror soundtrack SFx will probably never make their way to the forefront again of their sound again, very sadly. Iowa was harsh and \\"bare-bones\\", basically just severely downtuned guitars and the same brutal tribal drumming. The musical equivalent of being hit in the face by brick after brick. Now, The Subliminal Verses arrives and it really doesn't fit the bill of either of the previous efforts.  Quite frankly, it is the most accessible the band has ever been. \\"Before I Forget\\" and \\"Vermilion\\" belong right at home on modern radio. While this is not the band at its best, it makes for an easier listen and some of the cuts on this album are flatout the best thing they have ever done.  This is a much more melodic version of Slipknot, with a whole lot of incredibly tight drumming and riffing that sounds like it came out of \\"The Devil's Rejects\\". The album also features **ACOUSTIC!!** parts, not to alarm anyone.  Some songs such as Danger-Keep Away and the acoustic Vermilion will rightly send devoted fans into greater emotional turmoil than the nine members of Slipknot ever felt, and will likely cause many people to completely write them off. This is unfortunate though, because Slipknot genuinely sounds comfortable when stripped down and they haven't become wimps; it's purely a new direction for the band. Last time I checked, acoustic guitar does not discredit a band in any way, shape, or form, and Slipknot may genuinely be the last outfit in the metal world that indeed is as continually filled with angst as their music suggests.  Bottom line, this music is terrific. No, it's not what ANYONE is expecting after \\"Iowa\\", but it is a logical stepping stone in their music, and it feels only like half a revolution. If this album is any indication, \\"All Hope Is Gone\\" should be a Godzilla-esque monster. Any Slipknot fan needs this album like a body needs a brain. If they decide that they hate it, it's an understandable decision, but it is a choice that needs to be made ONLY AFTER this album has been heard in its entirety.
B0013527I4|5.0|The muppets are classic.  My kids love them as much as we did.  This comes with us for the DVD player in the car on long trips and works beautifully to hold their attention.
B000NVAK0G|5.0|This is an extraordinary book which takes place during nineteen years in the life of young Frankie McCourt.  To those reviewers who say it's a sad and depressing tale, I say that they are surely missing McCourt's wry Irish humor. Yes, Frankie's young life was beset with poverty and tragedies galore, yet Frank McCourt manages to rise above his miserable impoverished childhood and still see the hope and humor in those terrible situations.<br /><br />To those reviewers who say that the book casts a bad light on the Irish, I say that the only bad light that's cast is on fathers who drink and are absent, and more power to McCourt for saying what needs to be said about the boozers who make a misery of their family's lives, no matter what nationality they may be...and on the Church and the wealthy who would look down on the poor and make them feel humiliated.<br /><br />To those reviewers who say the prose was hard to read, I say rent yourself a week's worth of good Irish movies: My Left Foot, The Secret of Roan Inish, The Commitments, Agnes Brown, Borstal Boy, The Crying Game, Da, & War of the Buttons and then give the book another read and you'll see that McCourt has written it true to the dialect and character of the Irish.<br /><br />To those reviewers who say shame on McCourt for capitalizing on his poverty and making a buck, I say who better to turn things around and make some money off of his own misery, struggles and experiences, and why not? More power to him for growing up to be a writer and telling his tale.<br /><br />This book won a Pulitzer Prize, and McCourt surely deserved it. The story is compelling, even if much of it is one train wreck after another. His characters are colorful and three dimensional, and through all the misery and poverty and hard luck in this boy's life, there still shines a beacon of love and hope. I'm sure that it might be difficult for young people today to relate to that level of poverty, but the story itself is universal. If not for McCourt's Irish dialect, it might be taking place in Russia or Poland or Italy or New York during the Depression.<br /><br />Well done, Mr. McCourt, and thank you for a week's worth of gratifying reading.<br /><br />- C.A.Wulff, [...]ght be taking place in Russia or Poland or Italy or New York during the Depression.     Well done, Mr. McCourt, and thank you for a week's worth of gratifying reading.    - C.A.Wulff, [...]
031606792X|1.0|Ah, what can I possibly say about Breaking Dawn? Did it meet my expectations? Oddly, yes. I have to say that I've seen this series slowly slip downhill after the first novel. Twilight was riviting, passionate, amazing. New Moon was interesting. Eclipse was a bit over the top for me. So what else could I expect but a disappointing end to what could have been an amazing series?    Breaking Dawn is sadly full of more plot holes and nicknames than any avid fan can be expected to endure. Give me a break, vamps can have babies now?? Since when. And what's up with everyone calling Jasper \\"Jazz\\" ALL THE TIME. Soooo annoying.     And I have to say, I was expecting a little more heart break. I braced myself, carefully preparing to read that at least one or two of the main characters would meet an untimely end or not get their happy ending. Who wants to read a book where EVERYONE gets what they want? Utterly tragic I say.     The only worthwhile reason to read Breaking Dawn is to finally end this nightmarish obession with the Cullens and to satisfy one's curiosity as to how the series ends. Besides that, the book is horribly useless. I literally had to force myself to read the entire thing.
031606792X|1.0|I don't know why everyone was so surprised by Bella at the end of this series.  She was always annoying and obsessed with Edward, Edward has always been a one dimensional character, and their \\"great love\\" was always a bit boring, IMO.  Jacob was the most interesting character of the series, and after his \\"Book\\" of Breaking Dawn, he lost all of his personality, too.  But alas, I don't really have anything to add, because everyone else who gave this book a terrible review pretty much summed it up.  It was a terrible message to send to young girls, and I don't care if it is just fiction.  Many young girls look up to Bella and idolize her, and the message of the series is just plain awful.  The fourth book just made everything worse.  For everyone who's compared this series to Harry Potter, there is no comparison at all.  As for the main characters of each, Harry was a hero, Bella is no heroine.
031606792X|5.0|I pre-order this book and it came late so i went online bubbling to see what happened the reviews i read made the book out to be horrible and most of what they said was horrible but when i finally read the book i feel in love with it. Reviews said that it was impossible for Bella to have a baby but the book explained it perfectly, only male vampires can reproduce not women because their body are frozen at that state. Male can always reproduce when women need specific circumstances and the circumstances never come when your frozen in a never changing body, okay i get it now. Jacob imprinting on Nessie i thought it was beautiful and in case you didn't know Nessie imprinted on him while still in the womb also beautiful the part with Quil and Claire that little two page made half of the book for me. Some people think the idea of imprinting is weird but i find it fascinating the idea of having the perfect person for you and having forever to wait for them,with all the marriages failing around the world brings them hope of true love. Jacob and Quil's imprints are not sexual, all relationship are not bent on sex, they for now just want them to be happy and safe and that's what make their imprints my favorite in the book. Reviews also side that Nessie stop aging at the age of six, i didn't know she grows twice as fast so that was strange to me but the book cleared it right up and she will live forever at a mature grown age. Some said the book ended to good, not everyone has to die, why is the world bent against happy ends we all want one. Some said Bella and Edward where sex crazed but the book explain that there hormones are amplified and so i got it. i think everyone who speed read this book needs to slow down and see the beauty.     REVIEW OF ENTIRE SAGA:  i do not love the twilight saga i never have but when a friend was reading the letter from Jacob Black to Bella and it intrigued me. So i read it, loved Jacob, hated Edwards. In the first books Edward and Bella's lovecreeped me out but in the last one i saw the beauty i don't think i will fully love this saga. i don't see how anyone can compare it to Harry Potter which will always be better and beyond compare. BUT THE LAST ONE IS TRULY A GREAT BOOK.
B000JSI7AI|5.0|This is my favorite movie.  The director is amazing.  The scores are phenomenal.  The acting by both leads as well as the supporting actresses was perfect.  I fell in love with the story.  I can't imagine being loved like that.  Being taken for granted is easy, but loved like that is just amazing.  Everything rang true and it was just so moving. Also, the collector's edition with the postcards are fantastic.  I hope you enjoy it as much as I did.
031606792X|1.0|Hate is a strong word, but I really, really, really don't like you...\\" (Plain White T's) Yeah... that pretty much sums it up.    I just finished the book today and I have to rant somewhere. ARG!!!!!!!!!!!!! I am not sure I can accurately put my thoughts into any semblance of coherency, but I will try. I had such high hopes for this book...I was beyond excited to read it. And then I read it. And as I was reading it my mind kept drifting to the fan fiction that I was currently in the middle of. Then I had to watch something on tv...you get the point. All of SM's books that I have read previous to this one I was compelled to finish in one sitting unable to put them down; whereas this one I really only finished because I started it. I was honestly reading it hoping that it would get better as it went on. And it sort of grew on me...and I will probably reread it at some point in the future....maybe.  The twists and turns in the book seemed almost telegraphed to me...jacob imprinting on Renesmee, Irina betraying them to the Volturi...where are the surprises? The compulsion to read just one more chapter before falling into sleep?  What's with all the adult situations and illusions to it? I mean come on. For being YA fiction there was a lot there that didn't need to be. I think i am going to go to the opposite end of the spectrum and read Jane Austen's collected works next...I know I don't have to worry there.  Specific things I had issues with:  1) Bella being pregnant- there is a reason I avoided reading these fanfictions, mostly because it just didn't seem plausible to me (still doesn't) and it was at this precise point that the book seemed to go downhill for me.  2) Jacob imprinting on Renesmee- WHY? Why even go here?  3) The whole bit with the Volturi was so anti-climactic. Let's prepare for a fight/death and build to a fight and then have a bunch of rambling and then everyone goes on their merry way. What?! It was too easy. It was as thought SM had written herself into a corner she couldn't get out of. I felt very let down.      I think that I might just stick to fanfiction rather than reread this book. 'Cause I read some great ones waiting for this book to come out...some that were better than the book IMHO. Maybe if SM hadn't tried to do both BD and The Host at the same time BD would be better.
031606792X|5.0|As a fan of the Twilight Saga novels, I found Breaking Dawn to enter a whole new level. As I read, I grew concerned with where the book was heading. To me, it just started to get too strange, too shocking, too much to handle. Nonetheless, I raced through the story, inhaling the material as fast as I could.     With the closing pages, I felt a mixture of contentment and uncertainty. However, I gave myself time to digest the plot, think about what had happened, and I realized I could not stop myself from smiling. Many \\"fans\\" have expressed themselves with little grace. In fact, many have been entirely inappropriate, bashing not only the book but Stephenie Meyer herself.      Countless times, fans of the series have been called by Stephenie, the most amazing and supportive fans out there.  I find myself ashamed to read reviews that say: return the books, burn the books, or what what she thinking? During the months and months of discussion every possible and hoped for ending was mentioned.  However, fans that I once thought were quite astute, act as if Stephenie destroyed all their hopes and dreams.     It is perfectly acceptable to express an opinion or a review of a book, however, the immature and tastless comments are not only unacceptable but show just how fickle some people are in their loyalty.      All I can offer to those who will continue to bicker and whine for months to come is: Instead of tearing down, why not use that dazzling wit and biting sarcasm to do something constructive.      In conclusion, I am proud to have Breaking Dawn sit on my shelf next to Twilight, New Moon, and Eclipse. The book was full of surprises and shockers, and I thank Stephenie for the happy ending she so gracefully penned.
031606792X|1.0|It MUST be, right?! I slogged through the first three books with a naive hope that SOMETHING WORTHWHILE would happen on the next page. Every one else was bubbling over with love for this series, so there had to be SOMETHING good about them!     There wasn't.    Breaking Dawn, however, is definitely the best book in the series. The first three were nothing but a horribly-written, frustrating, monotonous misogynistic fantasy with a cast of paper dolls wandering around until the contrived CONFLICT!!! appeared at the very end of the book and was dealt with in less than a dozen pages.     But BREAKING DAWN. OH. WHAT CAN I SAY??    The overwhelming, soul-crushing goo, tedium, and frightening 'lessons'/\\"THEMES\\" (there is no theme or plot in any of these books, so I use the word loosely)  didn't last forever as it did in the other books. NO. Breaking Dawn gave me a beautiful gift: a story so insane, so disgusting, so UNBELIEVABLE that I LAUGHED UNTIL I CRIED. Nothing can compare to the magic of a demon baby who makes its mother vomit fountains of blood before breaking her spine, pelvis, and ribs. What's even better is the moment when the new father performs a c-section by chewing through his wife's uterus to pull the baby out. This was written by the second coming of J.K. Rowling, folks!     I highly recommend this book to anyone who's looking for a trainwreck or a new, hands-off way to induce vomiting.
B0018RWMNM|3.0|If you are reading this, I expect you already know the movie is amazing and just want to know how it looks on blu-ray.  Well, its a bit better than the DVD, but generally disappointing visually compared with the comparable releases from the period that the studio has spend some time remastering.     I agree with other reviewers that the \\"widescreen\\" presentation is cropped.  In addition, the color and clarity is adequate, but not really of blu-ray caliber.  Vivid colors are lacking, there is visible grain,and the images don't really pop out like you see on many well-remastered older films.  It is probably the best Lonesome Dove out there, but no one in their right mind will choose this as their sample to show off their blu-ray player to a friend or relative, which is a shame because I think this could have been fantastic had the studio put some effort into it.
031606792X|5.0|I don't know what these other people have been reading...must be Team JAcob people who wanted Jacob to end up with Bella and not Edward.  I thought it was a great ending to the Twilight series.      I'll admit I heard \\"rumors\\" about what happened in the book before the book came out, and I didn't believe them one bit because I thought they sounded to fan fictiony for Stephanie Meyer.  When I read the book and got to the part where the rumors were true, I was like \\"NO WAY\\", and I hated the idea.  But I kept reading, and you know, I really began to enjoy the way the story went.  I thought Stephanie did an amazing job tying up all the loose ends of the story and giving us all the happy endings we wanted.      Good job, Stephenie!  CAn't wait for more books from you!
B00008S2VH|5.0|A flawless pop album. The production and lyrics are both risky and original.  The cover art ranks among the best I've ever seen. Fortunately, the limited edition succeeds in extending the visual theme perfectly.  This was Madonna's last creative work before re-charting her course to that of courting pop culture's embrace instead of leading it.  The Mirwais stuttering technique, which sounds a bit jarring and gimmicky on Music, has been refined and finessed to perfection on this record.  I find it impossible to lean towards a favorite composition as each of the songs is so well conceived.  American Life represents worthwhile listening for many years to come.
0321544080|1.0|The book does not cover anything that will help you shoot better photos if you storys its ok i guess
031606792X|4.0|I liked the 4th book - I am shocked by the way some people are reacting to it and returning a book that they have read is just wrong. I can't believe that people have written such crazy things on the internet about her.  She's the author - she's the reason we had these books in the first place and then people have the audacity to write how THEY think the book should be?  HELLO!  Does anyone else find that ludicris?  Oh and the amazon delivery TOTALLY bugged me.  I pre-ordered it.  And then had to go buy it at a store because it took a week + to get there.
B0017I1FP8|5.0|With two great composers at hand (Zimmer and Howard) you know you are in for a treat when they both collaborate on a movie's soundtrack.  Just like the first movies soundtrack \\"The Dark Knight\\" is just as good, if not better. If your a fan of movie soundtracks this is easily one of the best and a blind buy for sure if you happen to somehow not have seen either movie.
0525457585|4.0|This book was interesting to read because I thought it would be like \\"The Neverending Story\\" movie, but instead the book goes through both \\"The Neverending Story\\" 1 & 2.  It has alot more details and you find out how far off the movies ventured from the book.  The first few chapters are similar to the original movie then the rest of the book is about Bastian losing his memories and trying to get home.  It is an interesting book, but some parts get rather dry.  Enjoy with a grain of salt.
031606792X|1.0|Let me just start by saying that I really enjoyed the first book of the series. I found it funny and interesting but an easy, beach book. It's no J.K. Rowling. The newest installment is just plain silly! SPOILERS ALERT!!! Why does the book have to end so neatly? In any book you read someone is bound to end up screwed over but not in this book. I think Meyer's issue is that she is much too attached to her characters to make a heartbreaking but poignant ending. I believe J.K. Rowling is such a brilliant writer because she takes risks and lets some of her beloved characters die for the good of the story. My biggest problem is the irrationality of the entire book. Edward would never allow Bella to change. He allows her to become a vampire and lose her soul, some lover. I wish Bella would've become a stronger character but she becomes more one- dimensional. This is especially clear when Bella learns she's pregnant and barely reacts. Another flaw is the whole imprinting thing  which is creepy, way too Mrs. Robinson for me. Why doesn't Jacob end up with Lauren? And to think that Nessie is going to miraculously stop growing at a most convenient time for Jacob is laughable. The whole Voltori scene is waste considering that it's not much of a battle. The book may spark your interest and I admit I sped through it but I can't sing any praises, except that Edward is a little sexy. Other than that save your time and read the first book and be content with that.
031606792X|5.0|The book was wonderful.  In fact, better than the first three.  Meyer did a great job bringing closure to the saga.  Sad to know this was the last.  Don't miss this one.
B00139W3NE|4.0|Due to the not so great reviews and the supposed complexity of the story if you didn't read the books, I was not expecting to really like this one, but hey the library was renting it.  I watched it with my 8 year old, and we had to laugh as we remembered picking it out at the library  and a friend of my daughter saw the movie in my hands and proclaimed \\"it has no God in it\\". A lot of movies don't, so I didn't really care.<br />  Anyways, we put the movie in and I told my daughter to really pay attention and I was able to follow and 'get' what they were talking about even though I hadn't read any of the books.  I enjoyed the movie quite a bit, even though my 8 year old couldn't follow it all, and I think she was even a bit spooked at some scenes.  I put it up there with the Narnia series, definitely better than Eragon and even better than the latest dreary Harry Potter.  I still don't get the religion aspect of it, I watch a movie for enjoyment, not critical analysis.<br />  Entertaining!
031606792X|1.0|She was abducted and her agent and editor (whoever!) all got together to continue this book series with Breaking Dawn. I read each of the first three books in 1.5 days and recommended them to everyone ! I was crushed like I had a huge wound in my chest(hahaha) at this last book.Pitiful.Never did I imagine this.I was very willing to go wherever she wanted to with the story even if it wasn't with Jacob.I read that she gave this book to her sister to read and she loved it . No way. The first three books were so good I couldn't put them down! I was truly addicted.I am going to review this book poorly based on it being INCONSISTENT with the other three.Even those who say five stars have made good points and I understand it is fiction and should be reviewed as such .  BD was written good in some places !I just see it clearly that she went from channeling the classics...Romeo and Juliet,Midsummer Nights Dream and Wuthering Heights...to channeling Rosemary's Baby or the Omen or something along the sci-fi stuff. It was all way to convienient.Like she was writing this when she was a 13 years old,not writing FOR a young adult.I didn't have a hard time with believing in the fantasy fiction but I had a hard time with everything being so neatly wrapped up for us.I see why she got the book deals .The first three where so delicious.She would have had a masterpiece had someone had the courage to tell her the last book wasn't being consistent with the rest.She wasn't inspired in this one .I felt let down by this one NOT because of who she ended up with,but the fact that the author wrote it all too silly and ridiculous.Don't get me wrong,I 'got' the whole book.The imprinting thing with Jacob wasn't disgusting,just predictable.As soon as I found out she was preggers with a vampire baby ,I knew that this book was going to be cop-out on the love story.
0552156116|3.0|I was anxious to listen to the latest Sophie Kinsella book, and promptly purchased 'Remember Me?', only to find that a Library unabridged version, is not unabridged at all!  Very entertaining, but too abridged for my taste. I will be more careful next time when I purchase audio books, I only ever want true unabridged.
031606792X|4.0|I'm not sure why there are so many disappointed people out there. I thought this was a very engaging, and entertaining book. I'm not really even into the 'supernatural' but the relationships and struggles the main characters faced throughout kept me intrigued.     I am a sucker for happy endings and if I go see a chick flick that doesn't have one, I pretty much rant for days. This book gave me my happy ending AND it sure left a lot open for future story. Imagine a book about this new \\"super species\\". Where is the scientist now? Will the Volturi find him and use his knowledge to create more of these half breeds and form an army? What powers will they have?     So, if you're disappointed in the happy ending think of the gruesome possibilities! :) The end is probably not the END.
141694740X|5.0|I really enjoyed this book. I gave it to every girl I know. It's like our bible. Stop wasting time and move on. However, I just found this site that explores the issue a bit more. Has anyone used it? WhyWasIDissed.com? This seems even more entertaining. I'm just waiting for them to come out with a book...
B000YAA68C|1.0|I don't know where to start. This movie could have been good. It was a nice departure from the regular happy-ever-after tear jerkers we normally get from the studios these days.  Unfortunately, there really wasn't a story. Well, not a believable one, anyway.<br /><br />Hillary Swank was horribly miscast.  She is not the least bit feminine, and I think the movie makers realized this because they spent far too much time having her prance around in her undergarments trying to convince us otherwise.  She needs to eat a meal or two!  Her lisp (or overbite) was very distracting and it was an awkward performance.  Most of the time her character was whining and complaining. It was very hard to believe that her husband Jerry (the gorgeous Mr. Butler) would have ever been attracted to her.<br /><br />There was a secondary story involving Harry Connick, Jr. that showed some promise.  He did a fine job of portraying a cynic, burned one too many times by the opposite sex.  His love connection with Swank's character is painfully wasted in the end.  There was a very disappointing scene in which they kiss and decide it feels like they were kissing their respective siblings.  This kind of scene has been done before and better in \\"Back to the Future\\".<br /><br />If you feel like doing nothing other than reveling in Gerard Butler's beauty than go ahead and spend the afternoon watching this overdone, drawn out, waste of time.
B0000AQS0F|5.0|Completely missed this series when it was on TV.  Only ordered the series after reading previous reviews.    Generally like science fiction and special effects type movies so thought would give it a try.  Very pleasantly surprised.  The special effects are fine but that isn't what makes this series special. It's the character development and the writing.   Characters are all interesting and have such different personalities but they all work together and it is this blending of personalities that makes this series special.   The dialogue, particularly Mal's is witty, sharp and fun.   The Trash episode was one of my favorites.   Never having watched it on TV and as new viewer it took couple of episodes to begin to understand the characters so if you're new to this hang in there you won't be disappointed.  Also rent the movie Serenity which you'll also want to see as it gives some additional background on show and the Reavers.   Biggest negative is there are no more shows.   Think most of this series was made 4 to 5 years ago and haven't heard of any new ones being made.   And even if there were plans to do so the cast probably has long since moved on to other projects.   Buy this series and watch it and bet you'll feel as disappointed as I do that there just \\"ain't no more\\".
B00004XSUW|5.0|first, I would say I think Taj Mahal is a great performer! I've seen Taj Mahal perform a few times here in Amsterdam during the last 10 years, and live he's a sensation!    But I'm a bit confused, I hope some of the blues experts, here on Amazon can help me out. Both this album, \\"Taj Mahal\\", and the Roots 'n' Blues series reissue \\"Taj's Blues\\" (I love that series!) claim to be a reissue of his first album. And of course there is a overlap in songs. (and to have all the songs you have to buy both?) Could someone help me out? what's the story about this?  JB, Amsterdam
0825636167|1.0|I purchased this book thinking it would be a matching folio of the DVD like it says in the description. I received it yesterday and happened to read the editors note in the begining of the book. It talks about how they determined which songs to pick to transcribe and the differences between the studio versions and the live versions. Then it says that in the live versions that some sections of the songs \\"were probably improvised and so exhibit some subtle and spontaneous nuances not found in the studio versions. The studio versions, however, provide the tighter, more familar arrangements. For this reason we have based the transcriptions in this book on the STUDIO versions.\\" Well, if your like me, you already have most, if not all of the studio transcriptions already. I bought this book because of the improvised sections and subtle and spontaneous nuances not found in the studio versions. Great book if you don't have any or many other AC/DC tab books but there really is nothing new here as I expected. I hope this helps somebody out there.
B0015KO52S|5.0|\\"COTL\\" is a fantastic rock record with plenty of grit and a genuine groove in spots. I hear a little of 70s prog-rock in several of the tracks (as if YES did an impromptu pub gig with John Bohnam sitting in). I love the clever tempo shifts and there are plenty of blues-rooted guitar riffs to set the whole thing alight.    I rarely step up to write album reviews but, this one?  I dig it, big time!
0440237688|5.0|I have read The Giver 4 times--twice to myself and two other times to other people. This is one of those books that should be read more than once, just because of all the information in it. The Giver starts off slow, and migh deter some younger readers, but once it gets a few chapters in it becomes very intriuging and thought provoking. This is a wonderful book for young kids to first realize and understand the freedoms and other important things we have in our world today. This also teaches that sometimes living through the bad in life is worth it to get the good. I really cannot say enough about this book. It is simply excellent.
B0002O7XW2|4.0|Commentary: A fine commentary track with director John Carpenter, and star-turned-director Keith Gordon.     Deleted and Alternate Scenes: 20 scenes of varying length. Runs to around 26 minutes and presented in the aspect ratio of the main feature.     Featurettes: There are three of these featurettes.     Interviews; with most of the principals: John Carpenter, screenwriter Bill Phillips, stars Keith Gordon, John Stockwell, Alexandra Paul, the producer, stunt co-ordinator.        Christine: Ignition 11 mins 52 secs.        Christine: Fast and Furious 28 mins 53 secs.         Christine: Finishline 7 mins 17 secs.     Filmographies
B000E1ZBFY|5.0|This is another excellent movie depicting the turbulent teen and adult years of a most loved Pope.  The acting is superb and the audience gets an idea of how bad Europe was during that period of time.  The movie is easy to watch, understand and enjoy.  It depicts a young, athletic and fun loving man surving through many challenges.  While catholicism and faith is certainly an undetone throughout the movie, it is not overdone.  The main focus is the determination and warmth of a young man who would one day become the leader of the Roman Catholic family and become highly respected throughout the world.
B000002IGP|5.0|ratt is by far my favorite band. this is their best work although invasion of your privacy was also a great album. this has all the feel of a good hair metal band plus a lot of talent. anyone who likes 80's metal even more if you love hair metal and glam should listen to this. ratt is by far the most under rated band of the decade. they are one of the kings of the genre and anyone who likes motley crue or quiet riot needs to check out ratt!
B000E1ZBGS|5.0|A beautiful portrayal for Jane Austin's amazing piece of work. Truly one of the most lovely films I have ever seen in my life.
0316776963|5.0|This book is laugh out loud funny. It got me through a long day of air traveling. Me Talk Pretty One Day is almost like a collection of short stories put together in one book because it doesn't follow the beginning-middle-end format. Each chapter is more or less a chapter in David's life. Either way, the things written in this book will make you laugh so loud others will stare and ask what's in it. I read it in one day, and might read it again if I need a good laugh.
B000E6UK5K|2.0|I had very high hopes for this cd when it came out.  Not just because I am a huge Pink Floyd fan but I loved David's other two solo albums.  This album is a huge disapointment.  The songs are boring, bland and lifeless.  There is nothing very memorable on here.  I heard it maybe two or three times and I just can't get into it.  If you want to check out his good work then buy David Gilmour or About Face.  Those two albums are great.  This one is just forgetable.  Looks like he really does need to reunite with Pink Floyd
B000I5XOW8|2.0|warner continues to issue all of their products with the Nasty, NASTY VC-1 codec because it was easy for them to do it both in Blu-ray and hd-dud. And I can see the differences in their releases and other companies who use the FAR more superior AVC. They even stick only to the antiqued douby-digital! Never have I seen a release with a DTS track in any of warners stuff, and it rubs me raw because I usual see the DTS mark at the end of the credits in most of the movies!!!
B000JMK6LM|3.0|The first twenty minutes are great, so too are the last twenty.  In between are nearly ninety minutes of shots swapping between the trapped men and their worried families.  It's too much of too little.  Then again, what would you expect from Oliver Stone?  Audio and Video quality are excellent.
B00003CXPJ|5.0|This movie is ridiculously funny.  If you're in the modeling industry, you may take offense to it.  But I think anyone who can appreciate Ben Stiller making a complete fool of himself can appreciate this movie.  In my opinion, this is one of Stiller's best.
031606792X|1.0|I feel absolutely awful for Mother Earth, for her trees were cut down to produce this garbage.
031606792X|5.0|I have to say, I thought that Stephenie Meyer did a phenomenal job with Breaking Dawn. Personally, I loved it! She managed to ties all the loose ends that everyone was waiting for. What did you expect to happen in the book? I'm sure that no matter what she would've written most of you wouldn't have been satisfied. These are HER stories... SHE is the author, not you. I think she is taking a lot of criticism right now and taking the punches with her head held high. She knew that people would never be satisfied with it because it would mean the end to Bella and Edward.     As for the plot and storyline, I think it was BRILLIANT! I think a lot of you should re-read it and try and understand how it comes together. She is not trying to prove a point nor does she have any \\"Hidden\\" meanings like pro-teenage pregnancy or the concept of Bella loosing herself by getting married. (Some people I swear!) Everything that happened in that book stemmed from the 3 previous books. The 3 books foreshadow Breaking Dawn. I bet you couldn't tie it together because if you did you would realize that this was indeed a great ending to a great series!!!
B000UBMWG4|5.0|You can even watch the original theatrical release in this to boot! Buy it! Watch it!
B000065V3H|5.0|One of the biggest dorks in school, Ronald Miller's (Dempsey) life is consumed by telescopes, astronomy, and his similarly socially awkward friends.  After countless yards mowed, sacrificing even the remotest possibility of popularity, he's finally accumulated enough money to buy the telescope of his dreams.<br /><br />Meanwhile, Cindy Mancini (the gorgeous Amanda Peterson) is the hottest, coolest girl in school, the captain of the cheerleading squad, and pretty much the envy of everyone.  Men want her, and women want to be her.  At a \\"back to school\\" party she wears her mother's suede outfit.  Insert the dumb, clumsy jock with wine glass, and the outfit is ruined.  Later, when both Ron and Cindy end up at the mall - Cindy to replace the outfit and Ron to buy his telescope - the opportunity presents itself and Ron buy's his popularity.<br /><br />Predictably, some shades and a little hair mousse transport Ronald into the popularity stratosphere.  As one of Cindy's gorgeous but promiscuous friends says, \\"He went from totally geek, to totally chic.\\"  Once part of the clique, he becomes arrogant, dips his pen in the cheerleader ink, and distances himself from his real friends, going so far as throwing feces on his best friend's house.  Tired of Ron's big head, Cindy breaks the bombshell at a crowded party, and drops Ronald from big man on campus to social leper.  Ron learns the valuable lessons that he should never sell out his friends or principles, and that notoriety isn't always the best thing in the world.<br /><br />I love this movie.  It's classic 80s, and wildly entertaining.  The only problem I have is that this should have propelled Amanda Peterson into superstardom, yet she was barely heard from afterwards.  There is no justice in a world that shuns Peterson and allows fugly shrews like Sarah Jessica Parker stardom.
031606792X|3.0|Okay. So.<br />After more that three years of Stephenie Meyer telling her fans that vampires and babies just don't mix, what do you get in Breaking Dawn?<br />That's right: A Baby.<br />And how many of her loyal fans, who happened to have dabbled in the world of fanfiction realized that the whole Isle Esme/Renesmee/Jake's imprint thing kind of ring a bell as several different fanfics we've come across?<br />Honestly, I was majorly disappointed in Breaking Dawn, in the characters, and in Stephenie. While the book is good writing, and decent in plot, it was nothing compared to the first three in the series and especially the one that started it all, Twilight.<br />Many things just wrapped up too nicely. I was thankful she just didn't make Leah imprint. I did enjoy the climax of the story, the Volturi showing up, but like I said before, the whole \\"baby-thing\\" just threw me off right as I realized where the plot was going with Bella being all shell-shocked.<br />Honestly, I can't tell if I was more disappointed in Stephenie or in J.K. Rowling for the \\"happy ending\\" in Harry Potter. It's a close one. But Steph is saved by my love for Edward and Bella's love, I suppose.<br />I didn't necessarily mind it. seeing as I suppose there wouldn't really be a story if it was in her point of view, but I was shocked when not even half way through we switched to Jacob's POV, then right back to Bella after she makes the transformation.<br />Thank God for the fact she had Bella dying as she was changed. I would have been mortified if she had let Bella have her way and be changed oh, so willingly (no doubt on a comfy bed with candles). I was seriously hopping that something drastic would force Edward's hand.<br /><br />Overall, the book's fine. Not spectacular. A decent way to end the Bella/Edward saga, if you don't mind happy endings all the time. Compared to Twilight, this is a pale shadow. But it will do. Until we hear more from the Twilight Universe.<br /><br />A 3.5 OF 5<br />A 8 OF 10<br />Definitely a silver in the Olympic Sports of Book Finales.<br /><br />T.Taylorook Finales.    T.Taylor
031606792X|1.0|I agree with the other one-star reviews. I consider the series to end with the third book. The characters were flat here. I never really got into Bella's head this time. And I didn't even care about Edward! In the other three books the romance was so strong--here, it was like there was no excitement at all. Like they'd been married 50 years already. There were no good twists. Nothing was really explained that well--from why immortal children are so against the rules to why Alice had to leave, to why the other Nessie-like people in S. America had to show up at the last minute. Bella's sexy adventures into the city to meet this J guy were weird, like they were thrown in there, and turned out they came to nothing anyway. And her shield ability just all of a sudden worked. What might have been interesting is if she explored the newfound \\"friendship\\" between rosalie and bella. but she didn't, because at that time she switched to jacob's point of view and we don't get to see how they became friends. there are some good ideas here, but they weren't executed well. the wedding, honey moon, basicaly the first 300 pages, were basically pointless. it's like she wrote this just to get it out of the way, there's no FEELING here. so sad. and the message! please, all of you stephenie meyer fans, read Robin McKinley. It'll be like the Twilight series antidote in terms of \\"girls actually doing things.\\" strong female characters and amazing writing. With breaking dawn, it reminded me of my mormon friend's mom giving me the book of mormon. i felt like she was delivering her own personal views on marriage and children early because it fits with her faith and her experience. but she did it in a sneaky way. the first three books weren't so bad, but then bamm!: have a cute little baby, screw personal growth and fighting for what you blieve and making a difference in the world.
1400095204|2.0|I agree with Music Mom.  It really drags - so much so, that I didn't notice the time switches as I plodded through it - and became utterly confused about the course of events.  The time switches emphasise that the three \\"main\\" characters hardly change throughout the decade.  Their circumstances alter but nothing really changes them psychologically.  The time switches also emphasise that the novel really doesn't move forward at all. \\"Sweeping\\", \\"all encompassing\\", \\"ambitious\\" are adjectives I see employed to discuss the book.  I agree, but add that it lacks a focus and a narrative thread to keep this reader interested.  An interesting and worthy topic, but a novel in need of a good editor.
0790742780|4.0|Everyday life can cause enough stress to break the average person.  Overworked and underpaid, many people are ticking time bombs, waiting for the right reason to explode.  Well, Bill Foster (Douglas) and his wife are having problems, he lost his job, he can't pay child support or see his daughter because his wife's restraining order, and it's just damn hot outside.  While stuck in a traffic jam - and who doesn't get angry in traffic - Bill's air conditioner breaks down.  Tick, tick, tick...<br /><br />Bill decides the best way to deal with everything is to ditch his car and get a soda at a nearby convenience store.  When a Korean store owner overcharges for the soda, Bill argues with him.  Tick, tick...The store owner takes out a bat and threatens Bill.  Tick.  Bill wrestles the bat away (BOOM!), rearranges the store, and pays what he feels is a fair amount for the Coke.  What ensues is a confrontation between Bill and the rest of LA, as Hispanic gang-members attempt to extort money for a fictitious toll through their land.  Bill chases them away with the bat, and taunts them as they leave, yelling that they should \\"learn to write the f'ing graffiti in English\\".  The gang later tracks him down and attempts to shoot him in a drive-by.  Oops, they hit everyone in sight except for their target, and in their haste they crashed.  Naturally, Bill picks up their bag of weapons, taunts one of the guys, and shoots him in the leg as a message.<br /><br />Several other incidents of mayhem take place as Bill creates havoc throughout the city.  A scene at a restaurant that has moved from the breakfast to lunch menu by just two minutes, and refuses to serve breakfast, is particularly poignant.  It seems that nobody is willing to be hospitable, further fueling Bill's feelings of mistreatment at the hands of society, not to mention the general apathy among the general public.<br /><br />This film really hits home, and rings true in many places I've been.  Rampant corruption and government waste, worthless leeches sucking an already masticated system dry, and dregs of society ruining everything for those of us who try to do right.  Sadly, it's seems that we are either headed for the future as shown in [[ASIN:B000K7VHOG Idiocracy]], or more Bill Fosters running around...neither is appealing.less leeches sucking an already masticated system dry, and dregs of society ruining everything for those of us who try to do right.  Sadly, it's seems that we are either headed for the future as shown in [[ASIN:B000K7VHOG Idiocracy]], or more Bill Fosters running around...neither is appealing.
B0017OCII0|5.0|I love the way she mixes the wonderful smells of chocolat and fresh food, which are gifts from God, with the nastiness of miserable people.
B00127RAJY|5.0|I felt this video gives exactly what it promises, a short, compact, yet effective workout. I have only done the first level workout, but so far none of the moves are too complicated, or hard.The hard part about this dvd is endurance, making yourself do all the moves, full out, everyday. It's not an easy workout for beginners (like myself) at first, but if you are serious about working out you can do it. I would recommend it to almost anyone.
B0019EXZYE|4.0|Hello.<br />I am sorry to say that you have sent me this great movie in a wrong region code, code 1, so I can not watch it on my Blu-Ray player.<br />This is the third time that has happend, even though is says that it's all regions or region 2<br />I am very disappointed because of that.<br />Thank you so much.<br /><br />Kind regards from Geir Hjoerenvik.
031606792X|1.0|Ok sure the books are just fiction. We know this; vampires are fiction. But she could have at least kept it a bit consistent with what vampires can do or not do. If Edward can't cry or sweat or even use the bathroom then how in the world can he produce the junk that can get Bella pregnant. I think a lot of people were not shocked about the pregancy just because it was an unexpected pregnancy in the story, we were shocked because how the hell does that happen with vampires??   The author said that she didn't read vampire stories, well maybe she should have read at least some info on the basics of vampires before she tweaked them in this series beyond normal fantasy belief; Going out in the daytime in cloudy weather, not being scared of crosses, not sleeping in coffins, I can deal with this because it's inventive and believable. But sparkling in the sun and producing babies. Sorry no, that's just too sickeningly sweet.    Also, if Rosalie or Esme or any other vampire female can't have working plumbing for a baby to be capable, then how is it that the guys get off scott free??   I think to make really good fantasy, no matter how outlandish, you have to keep the stories consistent and make the people who read it really believe and see how it somehow could be possible and make us care about the characters.  From the rambliing books within the book, to the overuse of italics that hurt my eyes, to the huge anti-climatic Volturi scene and the sickeningly sweet ending, I thought this book was just a waste. It could have been so much better. And don't even get me started on the name \\"Reneesmee\\". ???!!!???
031606792X|3.0|well, I must say im stuck in the middle with this book.  i started reading the twilight series early this summer when i stopped at a borders and found this at the display, and quickly went and bought the other 2 after i read twilight, and devoured the new moon and eclipse in 2 days, so i was uber excited when i knew breaking dawn was coming out in less than 2 months.  i was traveling so i got it on the road, and was soo happy to start reading, and after i finished, i wasnt as satisfied as i had hoped for.  At first, i hated the whole pregnancy, but then it grew on me i must admit, my biggest problem was that it was never explained as to how it was possible.  i read somewhere, if vampires cant cry how do they produce semen? I felt this was a big loophole.  I also hated how bella became a vampire, this actually is probably my biggest problem of the whole book.  i always imagined that it would be such a romantic scene, that bella and edward would be wrapped up in their love, and she would be like, yes its time. the whole turning into a vampire after almost dying from childbirth, truly disappointed me.  it was soo much better thinking that edward turned her into a vampire in twilight when he bit her, that would have been the perfect vampiric loving way to be turned.  But i did enjoy how much they enjoyed each other after she turned into a vampire, and they could finally be together, since apparantly edward was holding back all this time.    i also didnt mind her gift as others did, it made sense that she could find a way to ward vampire gifts with a sheild.  and i liked how at the end when putting edward under her shield edward could hear her thoughts  i also know ppl dont like that jacob imprinted on nessie, but i think stephanie prepared us for it by the other werewolf who imprinted on the baby in eclipse, so it went along with her story, and i liked how at the end edward called jacob son when jacob was to go away with nessie to save her from the volturi if it ended bad.  and i always knew they would end up happily ever after, this was a love story, while i dont like a few of the story details, them ending up as the happy couple is what was supposed to happen.  even harry potter ended up happily ever after, yes he had to give up a lot more to get that happily ever after, but u dont always have to have trajedy to acheive happiness. sometimes it does come as easily as it did for bella.  i just think she got the wrong stick as far as how she turned, it could have been soo much better of an experience i feel.
B000OVLBHG|5.0|Robert Heinlein's \\"Starship Troopers\\" as done by some who had no respect for Heinlein's values.  Despite the conflict in values, I enjoyed it immensely.  Of course, given that the irony was so subtle that I, as many, missed it...<br /><br />A lot of liberties were taken with Heinlein's work, but if one is ignorant of Verhoeven's intent, the spirit appears to be preserved, with an emphasis on a political system based on personal responsibility and accountability, and the premise that a thing worth having must be earned.  Clearly these values are without any relation to needs of members of modern western society.  So, Verhoeven attempted delicate and subtle irony to show his contempt for these obsolete concepts.  Due to his monumental failure, he swore off irony.<br /><br />The action and effects are lively, the characters well developed and complex, as are the relationships, and the story is a passable tribute to one of the greatest books ever.<br /><br />The moral of this; don't mess with Heinlein, pacificts shouldn't make war movies, and irony is as controlable as a woman.<br /><br />E.M. Van Court
031606792X|5.0|I am an adult twilighter and I thought Stephanie did a great job and wrapping up the story from Bella's side. I can't wait to read Midnight Sun and I really hope she continues to write Edward's side of the series.  I have already read Breaking Dawn three times and each time I find something new that I missed the time before. So for those of you out there who aren't Breaking Dawn fans right away give it another chance.  I can't wait for the movie and really hope they turn all the books into movies....
B000UR9T7I|5.0|Spiderman 3 a necessary title to complete you spiderman collection, but wouldn't be too concerned with getting a copy.<br /><br />ACtion wise its amazing as usual, nothing less what you would expect from a marvel title. however unlike the first two spiderman titles there's to many items crammed into this one movie.
031606792X|1.0|this book was a HUGE disappointment for me. all the hopes that i had from reading eclipse were diminished. bella's new personality to me was what ruined it the most.  her \\"need\\" for physical activity with edward and the myriad connotations to it was completely scurrilous and way out of line. come on, little kids read this book! i mean, i wouldn't have mind if meyer took a couple of years to get the story perfect. she did not have to rush the book and kill the whole once beloved plot. TSK. TSK. guess she really is not the \\"new j.k. rowling.\\"     meyer completey did a 180 from the love triangle between edward, jacob and bella. it's like she just gave up and decided \\"oh i guess jacob can have bella's baby and edward can have bella. that's a nice happy ending.\\"(-NOT) i mean, couldn't she have the gut to go through what the majority of her readers anticipated: a final confrontation- the big show down. (now that i think about it, those team edward and team jacob t-shirts are just a squander of both fabric and hopes.)    the proponents of this book like to argue the point that you should not have bought the book if you didn't like it. okay, come on. you have to buy the book to discover if you like it. no duh. (luckily for me, i received mines free.)     so to sum it all up, I am flabbergasted to  why anyone would find this book fulfilling or give it a 3 star rating or more.
031606792X|5.0|I really have enjoyed Breaking Dawn, my husband asked me after I was through which of the books I liked best and I ranked them like this: 1)Twilight/Breaking Dawn, 2) Eclipse, and 3) New Moon. As I said before I was very happy with the book, I'm on my 3rd time through and I'm still finding new things. I also think Bella suffered more than enough in this book without having to also lose everything in the end that she had worked so hard for. Thanks Stephenie, can't wait for your next book!
031606792X|1.0|Did not like the ultimate message that women are only vessels for men to deposit their sperm (sparkly sperm at that) Won't even go into the how wrong it is that a teenager \\"imprinted\\" (nice euphemism for got turned on) by a newborn or that the toddler's body is more slender and attractive than normal toddlers, wth?  Fail
B0016OMFO8|1.0|CD is the original \\"Traveling Wilburys Volume 3\\" with the addition of two bonus tracks. However,<br />bonus track 13, \\"Runaway\\" has a \\"dropout\\", a silent gap, in both channels of the song. This occurs<br />at about twelve seconds into the song. I contacted the manufacturer, Rhino, who acknowledged the defect<br />but said there were no plans to replace the defective discs. They did however offer a refund if I sent the disc to them.
B00000JPH6|5.0|Whenever you think of Jim Henson's Muppets, the fuzzy kooky variety shows and entertaining adventures of Miss Piggy, Gonzo and Kermit the Frog come to mind.<br /><br />But these versatile puppets have been used for far more dramatic effects in \\"The Dark Crystal,\\" an exquisite little fantasy story that happens to be entirely populated by puppets. Not a live person in sight, from start to finish. Henson and Brian Froud conjured up a gloriously detailed world -- full of fantastical flora and fauna, crystalline castles and strange creatures -- and wrapped it around a solid coming-of-age story.<br /><br />On another world, there are two strange races that appeared one thouysand years ago -- the enormous, gentle, peaceful Mystics, and the nasty, vulture-like, vicious Skekses who ruin the surrounding lands. Both races are somehow connected to a massive crystal that was broken a thousand years ago, and now a shard is missing from it. What's more, three suns are about to come into conjunction, and the shard has to be back in place when that happens.<br /><br />The Mystics have cared for one of the last Gelflings, an orphan named Jen whom they rescued from the insectile Garthim. As the conjunction approaches, they send him out to find the lost shard. Along the way, Jen gains the crystal shard for himself, and meets the only other living Gelfling, Kira. Now they must both evade the Skekses' Garthim henchmen and bat-winged spies, and somehow infiltrate their castle. But what will happen when the suns line up, and the crystal is completed?<br /><br />Many fantasy movies slap together a story that has been told many times before, but increasingly without interest -- throw in swords, some monsters, a brave prince or farm boy, and some evil witch/queen/wizard/Dark Lord. But fortunately nothing is so simple in \\"The Dark Crystal\\" -- although the origins of the Skekses and Mystics are pretty obvious from the very start of the movie, the journey along with Jen is what really makes this interesting.<br /><br />Instead of some pan-medieval land, \\"The Dark Crystal\\" aims at portraying a truly alien world, and Brian Froud's slightly weird designs make it seem so -- strange swamp reptiles, colorful anemones, vast crystalline castles, desiccated vulture-like creature, shrieking fuzzballs, and gorgeous forests full of strange plants and animals that tend to move and act in unique ways. \\"The Dark Crystal\\" leaves you feeling like you've been transported to some other planet.<br /><br />Additionally, this film also has the honor of being the first major movie to entirely star puppets, with nary a human being in sight -- some of those puppets still walk in a herky-jerky Muppet manner, but their design is utterly detailed and believable, from Jen's sort-of-human, fawnlike features to the vast four-armed Mystics, and the rattling armored Garthim soldiers. And the special effects end up being pretty spectacular, especially during the chaotic literally earthshattering climax -- while the finale is rather predictable, it is no less awe-inspiring for that.<br /><br />At times it feels like the characterization gets a backseat to the movie's visuals, but Jen and fellow Gelfling orphan Kira are fairly likable, naive young heroes who develop a cute little romance throughout the story. The various Skekses are given individual quirks and personalities (such as the annoying Chamberlain who won't stop humming). Not to mention the abrasive, lumpy witch Aughra, who's an absolute riot (\\"Whole world might burn up... hmph... end of Augra!\\") and Kira's toothy fuzzball Fizzgig.<br /><br />\\"The Dark Crystal\\" has some predictable plot twists, but it is also a glorious visual feast and a coming-of-age journey with the Gelflings, leading to a finale both awe-inspiring and bittersweet. Definitely a must-see.e pan-medieval land, \\"The Dark Crystal\\" aims at portraying a truly alien world, and Brian Froud's slightly weird designs make it seem so -- strange swamp reptiles, colorful anemones, vast crystalline castles, desiccated vulture-like creature, shrieking fuzzballs, and gorgeous forests full of strange plants and animals that tend to move and act in unique ways. \\"The Dark Crystal\\" leaves you feeling like you've been transported to some other planet.    Additionally, this film also has the honor of being the first major movie to entirely star puppets, with nary a human being in sight -- some of those puppets still walk in a herky-jerky Muppet manner, but their design is utterly detailed and believable, from Jen's sort-of-human, fawnlike features to the vast four-armed Mystics, and the rattling armored Garthim soldiers. And the special effects end up being pretty spectacular, especially during the chaotic literally earthshattering climax -- while the finale is rather predictable, it is no less awe-inspiring for that.    At times it feels like the characterization gets a backseat to the movie's visuals, but Jen and fellow Gelfling orphan Kira are fairly likable, naive young heroes who develop a cute little romance throughout the story. The various Skekses are given individual quirks and personalities (such as the annoying Chamberlain who won't stop humming). Not to mention the abrasive, lumpy witch Aughra, who's an absolute riot (\\"Whole world might burn up... hmph... end of Augra!\\") and Kira's toothy fuzzball Fizzgig.    \\"The Dark Crystal\\" has some predictable plot twists, but it is also a glorious visual feast and a coming-of-age journey with the Gelflings, leading to a finale both awe-inspiring and bittersweet. Definitely a must-see.
0930289528|5.0|Is the warning of this classic tale all that far off from the big brother induced haze some of the west is seeping into currently?  A must read.
031606792X|5.0|I started reading this series because my oldest daugher was reading them... and enjoyed them very much...while thinking a lot of them sort of dragged on the 'will she be a vampire or not' topic a bit too much...<br /><br />They are great in their very different viewpoints on the subject of vampires and such...<br /><br />I really enjoyed this book- in fact I read it before my daughter (who has a more active social life than me I guess). It was very entertaining, and fast paced. And yes, the characters finally quit debating the issue and got on with it....so it was much more fast paced than the other books in the series, and had more MEAT to it in my opinion. I did enjoy it and think it could stand alone pretty well.<br /><br />My only issue was- the seemingly total disregard for life other than HUMAN life. By that I mean the animals. They enjoy hunting animals. They drain their blood (sometimes- at other times they get too busy and abandon them before even doing that). In a perfect 'vegetarian' vampire world- why couldn't they take the elk, etc. remains (the meat, horns, and hides) to the nearby Indian reservation (after all, they are working together) and let the people there eat the animals and use the pelts...instead of wasting the vast majority of the animal. This seems a lot like the huge early American buffalo extermination (or attempt at it) to me...<br /><br />The romance part was just fine....the action with the Italian clan- perfect.
B0017I0KVI|4.0|I have just finished reading Mr. Knightley's Diary by Amanda Grange and Emma by Jane Austen for my ninth grade honors English class summer reading assignment.  I selected these books out of a list that we got to choose from because it was a romantic and a historical fiction type of a story. It also sounded like Jane Austin's book Pride and Prejudice and I really liked that book too.    In the book Mr. Knightley's Diary it is put into a scene in the 19th century in the quiet village of Highbury where Emma Woodhouse and her widower father lives.  Mr. Knightley, between his very busy life managing his estate, finds that he has feelings for Emma. When Mr. Churchill arrives throughout the story and catches Emma's attention everything starts getting to be pure jealousy.  Emma is also trying to arrange marriages but at the same time but doesn't know that Mr. Elton, the man she is setting her friend Harriet up with, really is in love with her.  Emma goes throughout both stories and is   arranging marriages that really weren't what people wanted to happen.  In the end everyone ends up with who they truly loves and live happily ever after.  Also in Emma the same sort of thing is happening but the main point of view is coming from Emma, not Mr. Knightley.  I thought it was really fun to read both of the books to see the two opinions of two of the main characters were.  It was really cool to see how both Mr. Knightley and Emma thought when Emma thought she was in love with Mr. Churchill and to see what Mr. Knightley was thinking of the whole thing. I also like how every one ended up with who I thought they would end up with throughout the story.  I recommend if you were to read one of these, you should read both of them because it really makes a big difference.    It impacted me as a reader to see both points of view based on the same story.  I had never really thought of reading two sequel books that way.  It is kind of like you have to know both sides of the story until you really know what is going on with everything, at least that is how it is for me.  I have enjoyed reading these books a lot this summer and I hope you will get a chance too!
031606792X|1.0|Stephanie Meyer writes vampire fiction as many teenage girls do -- overblown writing, sexy cold vampires, and a vacuously attractive heroine who serves as the readers' stand-in.<br /><br />But as fluffy as Meyer's past work has been, she dips far below her past nadirs in the ghastly, sluggish \\"Breaking Dawn.\\" There's a grotesque twist toward the book's spluttering end, and it becomes painfully obvious that Meyer was determined to give everyone an utterly happy ending. And she'll sacrifice whatever plot or characterization it takes to get that happy ending.<br /><br />Resident \\"Mary Sue\\" Bella is getting the royal treatment from her fiance Edward in the days before they marry. The wedding goes off with only one hitch -- her ex-love-interest Jacob's anger at her impending transformation into a vampire. Then it's off for honeymooning on a Brazilian island, and some fade-out sex interspersed by arguments.<br /><br />But newlywed bliss doesn't make for a terribly interesting grand finale, so we get the expected twist -- Bella's pregnant with a half-vampire baby. No, I have no idea how she could get pregnant by a guy who is technically dead.<br /><br />Jacob becomes even more upset when he witnesses the violent birth of Bella's magical super-special baby Renesmee (nickname: Nessie) -- only to have something unexpected (and very icky) occur between himself and the newborn. But turning into a vampire won't solve Bella's problems, because it turns out that other vampires are gathering in preparation to attack... and it's due to the birth of Renesmee.<br /><br />Authors often create all sorts of endings for popular series -- sad ones, happy ones, bittersweet ones, and occasionally ones that make absolutely no sense in relation to the series. Unfortunately in \\"Breaking Dawn,\\" Meyer has opted for the last type of ending -- and that finale starts the moment Bella gets pregnant, and becomes more absurd and inane as the story drags on. It ends up being rather difficult to care what happens to any of the characters, because the readers are being assaulted by a string of absurd plot twists.<br /><br />Not that there's much of a plot to twist -- Meyer desperately pads out the flimsy storyline with a lot of florid prose and endless melodrama. The first part of the book is pretty much consumed by wedding drivel and subsequent soft-focus sex, but after Bella becomes pregnant everything spirals down the drain. All this drama culminates in a ghastly birth scene that may turn some readers off ever having kids. Vampire teeth are involved.<br /><br />Having exhausted what little plot can be wrung from a Edward-Bella marriage and subsequent pregnancy, Meyer struggles to somehow fix this by introducing a Big Bad Threat to the new family's happiness. Unfortunately, it has all the climactic impact of a soggy firecracker.<br /><br />As the final indignity, Meyer crashes down a vaguely pedophilic plot twist for Jacob, so he won't be too lonely. Can't have Bella feeling guilty now, or anyone not living Happily Ever After. You can almost hear the thin plot cracking in a thousand places, as Meyers strains to give a Happily-Ever-After for everybody.<br /><br />Bella remains one of the most vacuous heroines in modern literature -- she has the passion and intellect of a wet mop, but once she becomes a vampire she is also shockingly graceful, beautiful, powerful and self-controlled. In case you haven't noticed, she's just amazing in every way -- and it's difficult to control one's gag reflex when reading about a glaring self-insert made so utterly perfect.<br /><br />Not that the supporting characters help much -- Edward has yet to develop an actual personality beyond adoring Bella, and poor Jacob is treated like a maniac. And the Ultra-Super-Special Vampire Baby is almost as nauseating -- and even more featureless a personality -- as the mother who spawned her.<br /><br />\\"Breaking Dawn\\" would better have been called \\"Breaking Down.\\" Stephanie Meyer had a good thing going with the vacuous vampire soap opera, but here she rips it apart and turns it inside out. Intensely bad.inside out. Intensely bad.
B000LYCNJQ|5.0|This was a very nice dvd. It was very interesting to watch. Like the star wars series.
0679720200|4.0|This novel is absurd. This is not arguable. The point of this novel is that you react to it -- you see Meursault and his absurd way of going about life, and you feel the need to change your own.
031606792X|1.0|*Possible spoilers in review*    I loved Twilight. New Moon was okay. I got half way through Eclipse and was disappointed by its lack of a cohesive plot and put it away until a few days ago, when I finished it in order to be ready for Breaking Dawn.     For the fourth and final book, I was expecting a grand sweeping epic concluding with a butt-kicking ending, which is what I got with the 7th Harry Potter book. But in Breaking Dawn, I got neither.     Stephanie Meyer failed to deliver on her implied promise of a vampire battle over Bella. By the end of Breaking Dawn, we get Bella and Edward in wedded bliss with their child, Jacob imprinting and Bella as a tame, but happily adjusted mother and vampire. Sorry, but there was no grand climax to this story, no believable (even for the sci-fi fantasy genre) ending to the story started in Twilight. The conclusion to a Romeo and Juliet-like love affair? Well, it was tepid and trite and completely unmoving.    I will admit I wanted Bella to be with Edward as their love story was the main reason I loved Twilight, and I was happy about that part of the tale, but everything else in Breaking Dawn? It was a huge disappointment, hence the one-star rating. Fans of Twilight and the following books deserved better and the author did not deliver.
B0013L2EDQ|3.0|Rollins have a knack to come up with interesting plots, and then he screws it up by introducing Clive Custler type characters (Dirk Pitt wannabes). However, the intrigue is good and seems plausable and the book is entertaining. Just replace the main characters with something more believable, and it would be a great read.
B0017U7PT6|4.0|10,000 BC is an entertaining story about cave men, travelling and facing  multiple situations. If you don't expect more than that it does the job. The story could have been more sophisticated, but the rich landscapes and the detailed CG prehistoric creatures make it quite believeable. The trailer was a bit misleading as it puts the emphasis on the creatures, whereas they have a rather minority role in this story.   I'd recommend it on Blu-ray rather than DVD if you watch it over a large enough screen, as it is mostly a visual story. There are epic battle scenes (an Emmerich  speciality), but I think the movie goes beyond that.  Also there are more efficient top notch image blu-rays (Planet Earth series, Pixars, etc.).    Don't set your expectations too high and you'll enjoy it!
B00005QIPH|3.0|...pretty much sums up how I felt when I listened to this album.  Yes, I know I'm arriving late to the whole \\"Strokes\\" scene.  But it was recommended to me by Amazon so I decided to give it a listen.    My first thought was \\"which song is one I would have heard before?\\" you know, just to put a sound with the name.  So I looked through, trying to recognize a title.  Nope.  So I played the first 15-20 seconds of each song trying to recognize one.  Nope.  So I listened to the whole album... and that is when I discovered why I have not heard any of The Strokes' music before:  it sounds like countless other bands I've heard.  Maybe I HAVE heard them before, but I wouldn't know it, because it doesn't stand out.    I'm not saying that it's not catchy music.  It is.  Or that it's not fun to listen to.  It is.  But here's the thing.  When I play this album, I know I'm going to need something else to occupy my mind as well.  I can't just sit and enjoy the soaring melodies or ponder lyrics or have my emotions spilled by this music, because it's doesn't possess stand-out melodies or lyrics or emotion.  The album is kind of a blur of easy beats and simplistic riffs, and yes they are catchy, but after a while I have no idea how many songs into the album I am because I can't differentiate.  This is my assessment:  it is great background music.  I can listen to this when I'm, say...scrapbooking.  Or doing homework.  I don't know, maybe I could jog to it.  Or, like right now, type a review.  And sure, my feet might tap and I might bob my head a little.  And of course, I am enjoying myself.  Don't get me wrong, it's good music.  However, when I come across something that has received THIS much critical acclaim, I expect to be blown away.  This album does not blow me away.  In fact, it makes me think \\"is this it?\\"
B000YDOOUK|3.0|...like early Def Lep, Fastway and Cinderella. The vocalist (besides going for the total early Brian Johnson thing) comes off sounding like a yelling Sam Kinison at times, and at others more like Sebastian Bach of skid row. More recently the band Jet also redid this ac/dc sound, though not as metallish. Regardless, new bands copying old styles verbatim will not have a long shelf life and just be a novelty that will wear thin soon. Will you really be listening to this 2 years from now? I mean I'd pay $5 to see Airborne in a local bar every once in a while, but that's it, because they just sound like a decent generic bar band doing faux ac/dc pretty good, which ain't hard to do in the first place.
B000002OR4|5.0|If you've seen the movie, you'll want the music.  This epic soundtrack evokes the passion and compassion of the movie.  Music that will not leave you unmoved.
078322737X|2.0|The movie is of course a classic and always fun to watch. What I was disapointed with was this recording. For this being remastered, the sound was awful. I was constantly turning it up and straining to hear. It was reallly awful.
B000PC6A3E|5.0|Loved this movie since the first time I saw it in the theater.  Very glad it's finally on Blu-ray.  Crisp, clean picture and explosive sound, and some great extras, too!  Now bring on The Dark Knight!!!
B000T7FO6E|4.0|Having just seen Ringo Starr live in Primm Nevada a few weeks ago I came across this CD and decided to buy it.  Ringo has never been my favorite Beatle, nor has he sang most of my favorite Beatles songs, but he is fun.  Most of his songs have been written by Lennon & McCartney or George Harrison, but it is surprising how many he has either co-written or written himself.  This to me is a document of the his recent tour. The song selection is somwwhat the same, however he did sing a few different songs like Oh my my and his finale for the night Give peace a chance.  The band here is good and his selection is great.  Ringo will never wow you like McCartney will or Lennon and Harrison did, but he will always be fun and worth watching or listening to.  This is for hardcore Beatles fans like myself. Fun
031606792X|5.0|I just completed Breaking Dawn this afternoon, and after seeing so many negative reviews..I felt offended. I thought Stephenie Meyer made this a roller coaster of emotion from beginning to end, afterall..isn't that what a great book should do? Pull you in, make you mad, laugh, cry, and applaud? That is what it did for me! I was there with Bella and Edward at every step, picturing the scenes in my mind...and at times holding my breath to see what would happen. I don't feel let down at the least by the conclusion of this series, in fact I hope that she continues within another character line.      When I reflect back to my experience, I was angry and confused in the beginning..unsure I wanted to continue, but I did. I am sooo thankful I did. What a whirlwind. I was VERY happy that she stayed true to her intuition, and didn't cater to those looking for gratuitous sex scenes or a blood bath. She hit a homerun without having to describe the creation of the ball, or how it felt being hit by the bat. I loved it, the series is something I will read again and again for years to come.
B000E1JOSE|5.0|I've never really listed to Roy Orbison but I saw this concert on TV and I had to ge the CD.  He has several other musicians playing with him and the music is great.  I also have the DVD and prefer it over the CD.
B00005JLYW|2.0|... but it's still a pretty good film. More of the same, but less so, although I think this relies on too much CGI to show Demi Moore in a bikini. Still entertaining.<br /><br />[[ASIN:1906669023 Sherlock Holmes and the Flying Zombie Death Monkeys]]
031606792X|1.0|Breaking Dawn is totally wackadoodle.  Just when I thought it couldn't get any more ridiculously bizarre, Ms. Cuckoo Bananas Meyers has Edward CHEW THE BABY OUT OF BELLA!  Then Jacob pledges his undying love for it.  Wha?  She has utterly flipped her s&*%.  I just can't think of any other way to describe it.  I had gotten over the fact that she is not a very creative writer in the past books---Werewolves on an Indian reservation?  The X-Files did that like 15 years ago.  Vampires with no fangs?  Also an episode of the X-Files.  Luke Wilson was the sexy one.  Kids turn into monsters when they get angry?  Sounds like the Incredible Hulk to me.  I have never been a fan of this \\"imprinting\\" pishposh, but this was waaaaaaaaay over the line.  Oh yes, I have drawn a line with Stephanie Meyers.  I know, it doesn't mean that he's interested in her sexually, he's more like an obsessive guardian angel......that she may have sex with some day.  GROSS!!  What guy would marry a girl he took care of as a baby?  A FREAKIN PERV!  That's who!  And I can see the spin off series coming already.  Flawlessly beautiful Renesmee---half human, half vampire, she flirts with her own kind, tries to figure out what she wants, chooses soul mate Jacob, has many superior werewolf cubs, I puke, the end.      I have to admit that I have never been a HUGE fan of the series, but I was curious enough to keep reading, despite the total lack of characterization and, oh yeah, PLOT.  The threat posed by Victoria and/or the Volturi is really just a Macguffin to keep the books going while Bella moans over Edward.  Edward Edward Edward.  Never has a character so without depth been so loved.  I was never interested in the Edward/Bella relatioship simply because there's no nuance to their relationship.  He's gorgeous, she smells good, thus they're meant to be together.  La dee da.  Just because he's the perfect man in every way, that doesn't count as a personality.  I never found myself wondering where he camefrom or what it must be like to be him.  Bella is a klutz and stubborn.  Again, not enough for a rounded personality.  Everything she does and says is so closely tied to what Edward is doing, when he's not there in New Moon, it is almost as though she doesn't exist.  And that was Meyers point, which is such a disappointing message for the readers.  Bella could pull herself up, but why bother when the most perfect gorgeous love of your life isn't there anymore?  It's called growth!!!        I stayed with the series mainly for the werewolves.  Not for the Jacob/Bella silliness or the novelty of the storyline.  I thought there was great potential in the development of their story as a subplot, especially after New Moon, but instead of exploring what their experience might be like, we got petty arguing and bickering over relationships. YES, they are still kids, but what must it be like to be a rez kid, already marginalized and outsiders to white society, grappling with having to protect not only their own people but ALL people from predation??  YES I KNOW, the books are about Bella and her Edward.  But why no real subplots ever???  I think that would have been a deep well to draw from, but all the books rely too heavily on one paper thin romance.  It's just frustrating that SO little was done with this series and so people read it.  Just because her audience skews very young doesn't mean they can't learn a few things while getting a vampire love fix.
B0015XASFS|5.0|It was so easy ordering online with Amazon.com.  I keyed in what I was looking for, filled in the appropriate information and received it ahead of the anticipated delivery date.    The product was received in excellent condition.  I would recommend shopping on-line with Amazon.com to anyone.  I definately plan on using Amazon.com in the near future.
B000N6U0EC|5.0|Not until the last three minutes of the movie were the story filled with every reason for the main character to just lose it, take it out on society, or simply give up on life; but his love for his son gave him the almost-superhuman-like discipline and next-to-impossible-enduring patience, if at all possible, to have a slim chance to turn things around.  Life is not always a happy ending, but if you don't even give yourself that chance, life certainly won't either.  But when it is a happy ending, the meaningless world suddenly becomes meaningful.  This is what \\"Pursuit of Happyness\\" is about.
B00005N5S5|5.0|One of the best movies ever made, this has everything. The action is crisp, the situation powerful and the whole film delivers right across the board. If you haven't seen this, buy it immediately. You fool.<br /><br />[[ASIN:1906669023 Sherlock Holmes and the Flying Zombie Death Monkeys]]
031606792X|4.0|Ok, I have to admit something here, clearly this story is not what I myself was expecting from all the theories and things along those lines that I have read. I was even vaguely confused, and mildly annoyed with the perfection that is Bella after she is turned, but all in all, I do believe that Stephenie has given the series and the final draft her all. If you watch the new EW.com interviews with her on this book, she makes it quite clear that the reason and the only reason she had finished the book the way that she did, and how quickly she was for us. Also, I have to say that I am a fan that would have enjoyed her going into the lovemaking dynamic with the amazingly sexy duo, a little bit more. Did everyone forget that she is married now and there are no bars held over her head as to the act of making love with her HUSBAND! to no longer be wrong. The negativity is giving me a headache, and sure you may not enjoy it, I know alot who did not, and even I have to agree, it was tied up a bit too neatly, some action or more characters dying would have been a dramatic and interesting twist and turn to the already crazy *** plot! How much more could she have really done. I have to admit that there were too many moments to count to really understand what was going on, but I honestly have to say people, enough is enough! The negativity about the book is doing no one good, and I must admit to this!    I LOVE HARRY POTTER! I AM A HUGE FAN! I WAS DISAPPOINTED BY THE SEVENTH BOOK AT FIRST! I REREAD THE DOG GONE THING AND I FELL IN LOVE WITH IT ALL OVER AGAIN!  THE AGITATION DIED WITHIN A YEAR AND I'M POSITIVE MANY REREADINGS! GIVE THE WOMAN A BREAK, AT LEAST SHE TOOK THE TIME TO FINISH IT! WE COULD HAVE BEEN LEFT HANGING WITH ECLIPSE FOR ALL ETERNITY, AND IN ALL HONESTY IS THAT WHAT EVERYONE WANTS! IF SOME SAY YES, FORGIVE ME BUT YOU ARE CRAZY! AT LEAST BELLA GETS HER END!    I know I seem overly passionate about something as trivial as a book, but you know what, I love the stories, and will always remember them for what they are, GREAT works of fiction, that to this days I can still go back and read, and reread, over and over again.     If you are reading this to find out about the story, don't take mine or anyone else's word for it, get the book and find out for yourself, because only you can truly make up your mind about what you think.    You like GREAT, you don't that's fine too! BUT STOP BEING SO NEGATIVE, AT LEAST BELLA AND EDWARD HAVE THEIR END!
031606792X|5.0|For all the negative reviews I read, it is clear that this author (an adult) wrote a book that teenagers pick up and ran with...so she tastefully wrote about adult things like marriage, having intercourse, and having a baby so that no parent is going to strike this from their child's reading list. Yes, it seemed boring because at the end I was expecting a fight of epic scale but sadly nothing happened. Yes, creepy the baby turns out to be Jake's intended mate. Obviously, this book was over thought out and lacking but it was not as bad as most are making it out to be...you want to read a boring drawn out book read Gone with the Wind...1024 pages of agony...this book has nothing on that ghastly book.
B000PC6A3E|5.0|Well, I'm a batman fan.  And this is for the one disc set.  Heard there were problems with two-disc set but really doesn't concern me because I'm more interested in the movie than the extras.  This movie contains a great extra, namely the first scene of The Dark Knight.  I actually have to upgrade my dvd software to play that because it was so new and I'm glad I did because the picture was so sharp and clear.  Begins cannot even compare.  As a movie, you either love it or not.  As a product, you cannot go wrong with blu ray.  Once you go blu ray you never go back.
B00008PC2O|5.0|This is how to make a follow up. T2 pushes the envelope at every level and thrills all over the place. The sfx are incredible - worth every penny of the $100m+ budget.<br /><br />A brilliant action movie. Everyone should own it.<br /><br />[[ASIN:1906669023 Sherlock Holmes and the Flying Zombie Death Monkeys]]
B000W1V5OC|5.0|this is the DVD nightwish fans have been waiting for.  It has the best songs, great sound and video quality.  The Stage performance is as amazing as expected from Nightwish.  Extra features are worth watching as well.  If you like nightwish you must own this
031606792X|3.0|I looked forward to this book for so long! I kind of wish I had known before I preordered it that it would leave me feeling so crestfallen. I just finished reading it, and unlike Twilight, or Eclipse ( I didn't love New Moon), it left me feeling confused, dismal, and anticlimactic.    I thought that Breaking Dawn started off fairly well; Bella's voice was consistently evident, and the chapters narrating her wedding and honeymoon held some very beautiful and moving scenes. I am a hopeless romantic, and I could never relate to Bella's revulsion toward marriage to someone she loved as much as Edward, so I was glad to read that her feelings about this changed once she found herself united with him forever. For this same reason, I thought the chapter detailing their first night as husband and wife was both tasteful and romantic; idyllic might be a good word to describe the feel and setting of this event. I am twenty-two, and I think it was appropriate for an adolescent audience. I cannot say that I felt this way for the rest of the novel, as the romantic scenes between Bella and Edward grew ever more sexually charged, and it seemed that their love for one another grew less and less about unconditional or unadulterated love, and more and more about well, sex. I realize that a marriage setting was a good place for Bella and Edward to unleash their passion for one another, but I missed the sweet, pure scenes of affection and devotion that chronicled the beginning of their relationship.    That said, everything about the novel changed as soon as Bella became pregnant. It became disturbing, and downright creepy. Unlike Bella, I felt very little affection or attachment to her freaky hybrid human-vampire child, and I disliked the abrupt switch of Jacob's affections for Bella to her INFANT.     Also, once Bella became a vampire, I lost all of my ability to relate to her--one of the things I liked most about the series. In spite of her immaturity and pessimism, I liked Bella forher humanity, her vulnerability, and her sarcastic humor. She was ordinary, introverted, overlooked; and yet, there was a grand-scale, redemptive quality in her love for Edward and his love for her; he saw something in her, even if the rest of us didn't, that gave her value and beauty. Of course I wanted her to become a vampire eventually, but I always expected the transformation to come in the last pages of the novel; not two thirds of the way through, forcing me to read the rest through the eyes of a heroine I barely recognize. Bella's transformation took away almost everything that made her relatable in the first place.    Finally, I have to say a few words about the final stand-off between the Volturi and the Cullens: Anticlimactic. Disappointing. Totally pointless. Meyer drags you on for pages and pages, only to leave you hanging at the exact point where you think the tension has finally mounted to a hair-raising climax, and then, absolutely nothing happens. Unlike the relieved vampires, I did not cheer at the end of this part, or at the end of this novel. Perhaps I am too demanding, but I prefer the unresolved ending of Eclipse to the sugar-coated, pathos-lacking, unrealistic end of Breaking Dawn. I know that Stephenie Meyer is a good writer, and I would gladly have waited another year for her to write a better sequel than this. As it is, I kind of wish the Twilight saga had remained a trilogy.
B0014I4KIK|2.0|I love the song Mercy and there are one or two more that are o.k. but the rest, in my opinion, really don't get me going at all.  Quite depressing actually. Sorry. But that's how I feel.  Was very disappointed.
B0006IIPIK|5.0|Good \\"homage' to the Sci/Fi movies of the 50's... \\"Must have\\" for the serious Sci/Fi movie fan!!!
B0015D3Z4O|5.0|I just love this C.D.  At first, I just put on one or two songs. As I kept listening to it, I thought \\"Madonna\\" is a genius.  She gets you going and the beat is so great. The songs are really really good I already know all the words to it.  I just love it.  Madonna, you did it again.  I give this five stars.
0452284937|5.0|I started to read it and could not put it down.      Some authors will spend pages describing a scene or a person, making a book drag out. This author, with a few words, made you feel like you where standing next to the character.
031606792X|5.0|*****Spoiler alert*****    After finishing Breaking Dawn I was not sure how I felt about it.  It was very different from the first three books of the saga and not really what I expected (though I wasn't sure what the plot was going to be like...I couldn't really imagine what Stephenie would do with the final book).  SO I wisely decided to sleep on it after reading for almost twenty hours and when I awoke I realized I loved it.  Yes, I was a little disappointed with Jacob imprinting on Renesmee and the lack of a battle with the Volturi BUT then I realized I LOVE HAPPY ENDDINGS!!! And without these two pieces of the plot I would have been even more disappointed because 1. Jacob needed to imprint on Renesmee to stay in Bella's life and to finally be happy   2. If there would have been a fight with the Volturi either some Cullens or Wolves or friends of the Cullens would have died (and I like all of them and I didn't want any one of them to die). Also, who would have kept the \\"order\\" in the vampire world? The Cullens?  I just can't see that.  The Romanians?  They are just as power hungry as the Volturi.  So please all you people giving one star...think about it...did you really want someone to die?  Jacob to be unhappy for his long life?  Or Bella and Edward to not get their happily ever after?
B000QQFKYE|5.0|Ok, I watched 2/3 of this movie 6 months ago and gave up.<br /> But I talked about it with my daughter and she wanted to see it.<br />Fortunately she was able to piece it together.<br />SPOILER ALERT !<br /><br />The Movie is cursed. This is made clear. It has been made before and people died.<br />The Polish husband who lives in the 50's style house is cursed and when laura dern takes the role she is thrust into his world.<br />His wife is the girl watching everything on TV. (In the Rabbit's back room)<br />There are multiple universes here, with the RABBITS being the gate  keepers between universes.<br /> They are holding the wife for her own safety. The husband has been trying to exchange dead hookers for her but they are not acceptable.<br />Laura enters their Polish universe through her role and finds herself in the girl/wifes life role.<br />LAura has to plug her way through to the end and beyond to save this girl reunite her with her husband,<br />and cure the rift between the universes caused by this cursed set of events.<br />In the end she does plunge through and beyond death, symbolically exchanging her life to free the wife .<br />She is freed from the RAbbts back room and reunited with husband (happy now) and son (Nikki has no son)<br />Then Laura and all the hookers are also freed.( and go to Pomona) It is quite lovely actually.<br /><br />This movie is full of entrancing visuals, and acting that really sets a mood and sucks you in.<br />The extras are fascinating in the extreme and a right viewing in themselves.
0143038419|5.0|This book was like reading someone's journal--where all of the \\"self-absorbed\\" things would be documented. I'm so glad I didn't let other people's bad reviews deter me from reading this because, although I didn't receive any spiritual enlightenment from this book, it was nice to \\"ride along\\" with this author as she experienced new people and new places. I found her prose to be witty and I think a lot people have made unfair judgements about her and the personal attacks I read are so ugly, they can't truly come from well-meaning people. The woman shared her travel experience with us and it was what it was. I stayed up late reading it and reflected on some things afterwards, which made it a good book.
B000MNP2KI|1.0|I'm boycotting any more Bond movies unil the powers-that-be behind this franchise come to their senses & bring back the sexiest Bond ever, & the only one I'll ever be interested in, PIERCE BROSNAN! Daniel Craig is a boring dolt, a dud, & he'll never match up to Pierce Brosnan. I WAS SO HAPPY THAT THIS MOVIE WAS BEAT OUT of the #1 SPOT AT THE BOX OFFICE BY AN ANIMATED PENGUIN ON OPENING WEEKEND, HAPPY FEET--I THINK THAT SAYS IT ALL!! I hope the right people are reading this review: WHAT YOU DID TO PIERCE BROSNAN WAS TERRIBLY WRONG, & YOU'VE GOT IT WRONG: HE'S DEFINITELY NOT TOO OLD TO STILL BE BOND, HOW RIDICULOUS!! BRING BACK PIERCE, PRONTO!
031606792X|5.0|I've read the first three books many times since discovering them in April 08.  I had no clue and fantasized about how the 4th book could end.  I had a few theories but never could come up with how it would be.  I hoped Stephenie knew where she was going with the books so I could go back and find the evidence of the finish line weaved through out the earlier books.  I am relived to find out she knew the ending a long time ago.  I love Breaking Dawn and I will admit none of the theories I came up with were in the book - which surprised me but is a very good thing.  The story could not have ended any other way. Stephenie Meyer created a world that is incredible and easily accessed by daydreaming - the characters are true to form. She knows them, I know them, they did not betray what we already know - they evolved, we learn more about the Cullen's in this book than any other now that Bella is officially one of them.  In the first 3 books Bella is protected by the Cullen's over and over again - but in this one SHE can now return the favor and is now the strong one who can protect them and love them that much more than she could before.  I am so grateful this book ended with a nice, big, flowing red ribbon bow.  Thank you for giving me peace. One more thing as for the moral of the story - Good conquers evil (no matter what form vampire, werewolf, human), choices and consequences, self-control and perseverance, developing talents, working hard, love eternal - it does exist.  Again big red bow. Thank you Stephenie Meyer - looking forward to more of your stories.
B0000CEB4V|5.0|I was given this dvd a many years ago. Dispite being a huge Harrison fan, I never viewed it until recently as I'm just not a fan of watching concert dvds. Plus, it's just a bunch of people playing George's music, right?  I finally cracked the box and viewed it a few nights ago.  I've viewed it several times since. I prefer the first dvd of the set, without the interviews, tho the interviews are interesting. It's very thoughtful to include both versions.    This is a fitting tribute to the long under appreciated Harrison. Happily, the concert lacks the maudelin element one might expect and thankfully lacks gaudy trappings one would expect to find at a tribute to one of the worlds best loved musicians. Lovely effect at the end (no spoiler here). Fans of George Harrison will no doubt enjoy this fantastic collection of 19 of his songs played by his good friends. The Shankar set that opens the concert sets an appropriate tone, and even if not my personal favorite style of music, is very enjoyable.     The dvd is well organized and if you want, you can skip directly to the 2nd half (George's music).     I've always loved Harrison's solos.  I rarely watch dvd's more than once, but this one stays in my player and gets alot of use. Perfectly enjoyable listening without watching. It has me ready to fill in the blanks in my Harrison cd collection. (I'm old enough to have the LP's.)     The Concert for George is a beautiful celebration of the music of George Harrison. I used to joke the reason I hadn't watched the dvd was \\"George isn't there.\\"   How wrong I was.
B000R8YC3G|1.0|What a ridiculous movie, pathetic story, poor acting, a waste of an hour and a half. This has to be up there with one of the worst movies of all times, how has it got high rankings, it's not funny, it's not entertaining, it's not well made, it is crap!
031606792X|3.0|As a huge fan of the vampire genre, I fell in like with the Twilight series.  I found the books to be fast paced reads with exceptional character development.  I also really enjoyed this series because of the love, emphasis on love, story.  (Many of the other vampire genre novels get very twisted around sex which I find obnoxius.)  Breaking Dawn was a little disappointing to me.  The book was a fast paced read.  The characters did develop, backwards in some ways.  The plot was too much.  Throwing in the extra issues such as the baby, the epic battle, the new realtionship in Jacob's life, etc was too much for this book and many of the readers.  It was not real.  It was very Happily Ever After (like the last chapter is titled.)  I believe Meyer could have written a much better novel leaving out these new \\"twists\\" in the plot.  It would have remained true to the first three books in the saga and pleased the readers.  Overall, the book is so-so.  I also would not consider it to be Young Adult with some of the rather graphic honeymoon scenes.
1427201412|5.0|There's no better way to experience Shannon Hale's delicious Austenland than listening to Katherine Kellgren's exuberant narration. The story is of a thirtyish American singleton who is bequeathed a vacation at Pembroke Park, a meticulous evocation of regency England. The heroine is christened Miss Jane Erstwhile and embarks on an adventure that contains far more twists and turns than imaginable. Kellgren's narration not only catpure's Jane's breathless abandonment to Austenland but also the wide range of supporting players with accents ranging from the Deep South American style to the haut ton of Jane Austen's era. Note: Austenland is best enjoyed with Earl Grey tea and scones, clotted cream optional.
031606792X|2.0|I'm quite sure that this review is not going to be a surprise for anyone, I'm just so angry that I need to share my opinion. As I began reading the fourth book I got a feeling that I was reading some twisted fanfiction story. That was not Stephenie Meyer I loved and not the book I expected. I mean, come on! I was annoyed with Bella before Breaking dawn, but after reading this I wanted to shake that girl and tell her how stupid she was! And I couldn't believe that pregnancy would be involved in this book! I hate the fanfics where Bella gets pregnant. I couldn't believe that Stephenie Meyer would even think of something like that. And what's up with Stephenie Meyer telling people that vampires couldn't have babies?! Edward was supposed to have only blood in his system! I'm not even going to talk about the awful pregnancy, babies breaking their mother's bones and the name Bella gave to her daughter. Renesmee! Or Nessie!! And of course, Bella is always herself - wanting to keep the baby that's killing her, loving that baby at the moment she realized she was pregnant. I'm almost 17 and I would get a heart attack at the very thought of me being pregnant! Here's Bella expecting a half-vampire, hearing that she'll die and she's so happy and wants to keep the baby!! And all she needs is Edward and Nessie! Money is never a problem, so there's no need in college education. Bella's character simply doesn't grow, she doesn't change throughout the books. She's just madly in love with Edward, that's it! This story doesn't teach anything good, here's a married teenager with a baby, never ending supply of money, no interests outside of her family. I knew that I wanted a happy ending, but not that! I really thought that there would be a battle, after all the preparations... Plus, Jacob does imprint, but on Bella's daughter!!!! Ok, that is completely twisted. Couldn't he find another girl? Also, Bella doesn't just have amazing self-control, she also appears to have an amazing power. Isimply think that a person can't have absolutely everything the way Bella gets it. I read the book very fast, but not because I liked it, I needed to know how everything would end. Eclipse would be a better ending for the series, I'd rather imagine what would happen next rather than know that Bella got pregnant! I'm completely disappointed with Breaking Dawn, I regret so much that this particular book is the ending of the series I loved so much.
B00176T8VI|5.0|This dvd was released around March of 1998. (Which makes it rare to begin with, since dvd's really didn't even catch on until 2000.) Warner Bros. released this dvd, and about 1 or 2 days later, all the copies were recalled. Apparently, The alternate ending (which has the audrey II spawning, and creating more plants, and then using this plant army to dominate the entire world!!) was left on the cutting room floor, because, according to the commentary, when they screened this ending with a test audience, they were horrified... so it was relpaced with the happy ending. (The plant dies, everyone lives, yay!!!) However, when they released the dvd, they added this alternate ending in the special features, apparently without the permission of Frank Oz, the director. So he filed a lawsuit against warner bros., forcing them to recall all the unsold copies of the film. (The dvd was later re-released, without the alternate ending......)
0679721037|5.0|I thought this book was great because it teaches you how people live in other parts of the world after you change their lives forever and it is very entertaining. At no point in the book did i think of putting it down because it was so good. It really captures the reader.
0060977264|5.0|Why do I do this to myself? Why do I begin reading at 1 am when I've got to wake up at 8? Needless to say, waking up was easy when I never made it to sleep. This story pulled me right in.     Worth the time, it was a quick read as well. I would have finished it faster but I enjoyed some pages so much I re-read them a couple of times.     Thank you Mr. Coelho for this lovely book. I truly appreciated it.
031606792X|5.0|I was pretty surprised when I logged on today to find SO many people rated it a one! Geez. Some people just really want a depressing ending!   I thought the book was amazing, no complaints. And I'm not an uber-obsessed Twilight fan, so you can rule that out for why I liked it so much.   Is there really something horribly wrong with everybody having a happy ending? I feel bad for Stephenie Meyers, with all the hater stuff going around-- this was her vision. She said this was how it was going to end from the very beginning. I'm very glad I didn't see reviews before I bought it because I might've talked myself out of reading it, but don't think twice. Just read it and make an opinion for yourself. :) Enjoy the book!! I absolutely loved it!
031606792X|1.0|but unfortunately, I couldn't. I'm not through with the book 2 section yet, and all I can think is \\"Oh crap, did she really have to do this?\\" The book just loses me, the second Bella is pregnant. It sucked the fun/danger/romance/excitement/etc. straight out of the story.     I hardly like Bella anymore. Her attitude, her weakness, the way she is such a poor little victim of circumstance and could never do a single thing wrong (note my sarcasm, please).     And where is Alice? I like Alice. I can't stand reading about the entire family just sitting in the living room for days and weeks, watching Bella and feeling tortured. Oh man what a bummer this book is!     I've checked out other reviews so I know Jacob imprints on Bella's daughter which is a turn I called way back on the island when she was first puking chicken. Seems like a cop out. Would it have been so bad if Jacob left on his own? I think I would have preferred that. Or maybe he and Edward could have fought to the death and Bella chosen neither in the end? Could Jacob have suddenly found love with Leah? Maybe Charlie could have been attacked and turned into a vampire from necessity?     So many alternatives, but the plot she chose is nothing but unappealing for me. I'm glad to know how the story ends. I very much enjoyed the other 3 books (excluding about 1/2 of New Moon) but this ending leaves a bad taste. Too bad.     Maybe I can forget what I've read and imagine an alternative ending?
031606792X|5.0|Stephenie, I got it.  And I get you.  Breaking Dawn completed my Twilight Saga journey.  I wanted the happily ever after and you gave it to me. Thanks for staying true to your vision.  It's been a brilliant ride for this 30-something wife and mother, and I've enjoyed it immensely.
0307388840|5.0|I first picked this book up about 6 or 7 years ago, read it over the course of 4 nights and immediately read it all over again. I laughed. I cried. I got excited/scared/happy/hopeful/devastated/etc. as the story went.      My favorite thing about Atonement is that the story is one I have never read before. It's so refreshing after reading hundreds of books I find that so many follow the same base plots, and while they can still be good, this book transcended any I had read before, and any I have read after.     My hands-down favorite. I've read it 4 times now as well as anything else by Ian McEwan I could find.
B00006L9ZT|3.0|I RECOMMENDING THIS EDITION OF WAGNER'S MUSIC -Wagner: Complete Operas<br /><br />Label:  Membran / Documents  Catalog #: 223053<br />Composer:  Richard Wagner<br />Performer:  Franz Klarwein,  Luise Willer,  Viorica Ursuleac,  Georg Hann,  Hans Hotter,<br />Karl Ostertag,  August Seider,  Karl Paul,  Margarete B&auml;umer,  Marianne Schech,<br />Otto von Rohr,  Benno Kusche,  Eleanor Steber,  Josef Greindl,  Hans Braun,<br />Hermann Uhde,  Astrid Varnay,  Wolfgang Windgassen,  Bodo Brinkmann,  Tiny Peters,<br />Ortrun Wenkel,  Wolfgang Neumann,  Carla Pohl,  Zlatomira Nikolova,  Frode Olsen,<br />Gabriele Maria Ronge,  Edward Cook,  Malcolm Smith,  John Wegner,  Simon Yang,<br />Wilja Ernst-Mosuraitis,  Hans-Jorg Weinschenk,  Oleg Bryjak,  Markku Tervo,  Dietrich Fischer-Dieskau,<br />Ludwig Suthaus,  Kirsten Flagstad,  Edgar Evans,  Blanche Thebom,  Elisabeth Schwarzkopf,<br />Otto Edelmann,  Hans Hopf,  Erich Kunz,  Ira Malaniuk,  Gerhard Unger,<br />Arnold Van Mill,  George London,  Ludwig Weber,  Martha M&ouml;dl,  Erna Schl&uuml;ter,<br />Gunther Treptow,  Helmut Fehn,  Trude Eipperle,  Rudolf Gonszar,  Willy Hofmann,<br />Josef Lindlar,  Artur Korn,  Raimo Sirki&auml;,  Manuela Kriscak,  Jyrki Korhonen,<br />Ulrike Sonntag,  Sue Patchell,  Willy Friedrich,  Hannelore Steffek,  Kurt Equiluz,<br />Ludwig Welter,  Anton Dermota,  Hilde Zadek,  Franz Handlos,  Ernst Salzer<br />Conductor:  Clemens Krauss,  Robert Heger,  Joseph Keilberth,  G&uuml;nter Neuhold,  Wilhelm Furtw&auml;ngler,<br />Herbert von Karajan,  Hans Knappertsbusch,  Winfried Zillig,  Gabor Otvos<br />Orchestra/Ensemble:  Bavarian State Opera Orchestra,  Bavarian State Opera Chorus,  Bayreuth Festival Orchestra,<br />Bayreuth Festival Chorus,  Badische State Orchestra,  Royal Opera House Covent Garden Chorus,<br />Philharmonia Orchestra,  Hessian Radio Symphony Orchestra Frankfurt,  Cagliari Theater Chorus,<br />Cagliari Theater Orchestra,  Austrian Radio Chorus,  Vienna Radio Symphony Orchestra<br /><br />Number of Discs: 43<br />Recorded in: Mixed<br />Imported from: European Union<br /><br /> ALL OPERAS - ALL LOVING MUSIC !opean Union       ALL OPERAS - ALL LOVING MUSIC !
B0018AK9RA|3.0|I won't go as far as to say that it is a terrific album because it is not. The effort got them 2 out of 4 stars I gave it. The other two are three songs of the album - War, Nostradamus and Future of Mankind. Old Judas fans will likely go berserk at the very thought of their band going concept but, that narrow-mindedness aside, this is a decent attempt at something new. It's about as likable as Iron Maiden's Dance of Death, which is not too likable but still ok, for those of you haven't had the chance to listen through it. Anyhow, my taste is such that I forgive mistakes made in attempts to create something new. This album won't impress but it will be worth the money if you are a hardcore fan.
031606792X|4.0|I still think that Twilight and Eclipse are the best, New moon was ok. THis was also ok, yes it was a happy ending for everyone. But it was somewhat rushed. So much happens within the first couple chapters that could probably have been longer. All in all its a pretty good book. Can't wait for Twilight the movie!!!!
B00000DOZ4|4.0|For those of you out there who think that John Paul Jones was the most talented member of the Zeppelin - and yes, I am one of those people - you need to listen to this album as fast as possible. The bass playing here is his best ever, I think. I'd hesitate to call the album brilliant, but it's pretty close. I want to say this is my second favorite Zeppelin album after Houses of the Holy, but as I've said in previous reviews, Zeppelin's first four albums are all more or less equally good.<br />And hey, how about those bass lines? On the dirty blues jam \\"Lemon Song\\" and the half-ballad, half-rockers \\"What is and What Should Never Be\\" (which also is Plant at his best - his vocals are sensual, and his ad-libbing during the fadeout is incredibly charismatic) and \\"Ramble On\\" (which is my favorite song on the record - melodic bass part, cool restrained drumming, great use of dynamics) have him doing his best bass playing in Zeppelin history. \\"Ramble On\\" especially. And when he's just playing in unison with Page, that's okay too, because Page's riffs are great. I take it you've heard the three-chord crunch of \\"Whole Lotta Love?\\" Ooh, now there's a riff! Some people have said it's the first metal song ever. I don't know about that, but I will grant that it was one of the first songs ever to feature an explicit sex section. Generally, explicit sex sections annoy me, but this one is really, really inventive. I don't know how they made those noises, but they sound very cool and appropriately freaky. I especially love the dive-bomb sounds. Or \\"Heartbreaker!\\" You know \\"Heartbreaker,\\" right? Again, the riff is stellar, head-banging goodness, and the guitar solo gives you some hammer-ons and pull-offs a good nine years before Eddie Van Halen made them popular! Cool points! Granted, I still don't think Page is as good of a guitarist as, say, Jimi Hendrix. But he could pull some sweet stuff out of his hat when he wanted to! I do find it annoying that he ripped off all the old blues musicians, though. Willie Dixon was a genius! Why he had to live out his life in relative obscurity compared to Zeppelin, who stole a lot of his material, is beyond me. Hell, they steal three Dixon tunes here: \\"Whole Lotta Love\\" is \\"You Need Love,\\" \\"The Lemon Song\\" is \\"Killing Floor,\\" and \\"Bring it on Home\\" is, well... \\"Bring it on Home.\\"<br />Still, good album here. The last of the good rockers is the concise, funny \\"Living Loving Maid\\" (\\"When your conscience hits, you knock it back with pills!\\" is a great lyric, and I generally think Zeppelin's lyrics are ridiculous and stupid or else overly obvious). The trippy guitar effects during the choruses are nice, too.<br />So Jimmy Page can really play electric guitar. I think we all knew that. But I've always preferred him as an acoustic guitarist, since there are times when I think he uses his distortion, effects pedals, and guitar-army stuff as a crutch. That happens to a lot of guitarists, Hendrix remaining an exception. And Page is certainly guilty of it, especially on Physical Graffiti and Presence, though it doesn't really happen here. Anyway, he plays a quality acoustic guitar solo on \\"Thank You,\\" and it really makes the song for me. Pretty decent mellow love song otherwise (although I think Robert \\"Squeeze my lemon\\" Plant's really struggling to keep a straight face as he sings), but the solo boosts the song up by itself. By the way, random fun fact about \\"Living Loving Maid.\\" Both that and Hendrix's pothead anthem \\"If Six Was Nine\\" (MUCH better song, by the way) contain verses about suns refusing to shine and mountains falling (or crumbling) into the sea. I'm pretty sure this is a coincidence. But look at the contrast between the songs' lyrics otherwise. This amuses me. Getting back to acoustic guitars, though, they're really hard to play well, speaking as somebody who's played both acoustic and electric. So no matter what reservations I have about this group's mythical status, I have to give Page my props for being able to play a great acoustic.<br />So anyway, it's too bad that the last two songs totally suck. \\"Moby Dick\\" is a world famous drum solo, but I find it really, really boring. I love hearing drum solos in jazz, especially when the band plays the melody line and the drummer responds to it with a little soloette. But there's something about classic rock bands not being called the Beatles or the Jimi Hendrix Experience (there's one on \\"If Six Was Nine,\\" and it rules) and really bad drum solos. Now, the riff they use to introduce \\"Moby Dick\\" is awesome. But all I hear in the drum solo is Bonzo going \\"thud whack pow splat thud whack pow splat.\\" There's also a part where he goes \\"whappity whappity whappity whappity whappity whappity whappity whappity,\\" just for a bit of variety. I'm sure this was quite something to see live (did you know he used to play those drums with his hands until he bled?), but that doesn't make the solo any less \\"thud whack pow splat thud whack pow splat.\\" And the first part of \\"Bring it on Home,\\" where Plant sings in that slurred \\"bluesman\\" voice, is offensive and borderline racist. Given the group's passion for the blues, I'm pretty sure Plant wasn't trying to be offensive with his vocals, and that the whole thing was just an honest mistake. But it was still a very bad idea. When the song actually begins in earnest, it doesn't get much better. I don't know what Page used to get his guitar to sound as bad as it sounds there. I probably don't want to, either. So stop the album before \\"Moby Dick,\\" and it's a masterpiece. Similarly, stop III before \\"Bron-Yr-Aur Stomp\\" (or burn yourself a copy with \\"Bron-Yr-Aur,\\" the lovely instrumental from Physical Graffiti; \\"Poor Tom,\\" and \\"Hey Hey What Can I Do\\" in the place of the last two songs), and it's a masterpiece. I hate it when that happens! Oh well. C'est la vie. Rock on!o play a great acoustic.   So anyway, it's too bad that the last two songs totally suck. \\"Moby Dick\\" is a world famous drum solo, but I find it really, really boring. I love hearing drum solos in jazz, especially when the band plays the melody line and the drummer responds to it with a little soloette. But there's something about classic rock bands not being called the Beatles or the Jimi Hendrix Experience (there's one on \\"If Six Was Nine,\\" and it rules) and really bad drum solos. Now, the riff they use to introduce \\"Moby Dick\\" is awesome. But all I hear in the drum solo is Bonzo going \\"thud whack pow splat thud whack pow splat.\\" There's also a part where he goes \\"whappity whappity whappity whappity whappity whappity whappity whappity,\\" just for a bit of variety. I'm sure this was quite something to see live (did you know he used to play those drums with his hands until he bled?), but that doesn't make the solo any less \\"thud whack pow splat thud whack pow splat.\\" And the first part of \\"Bring it on Home,\\" where Plant sings in that slurred \\"bluesman\\" voice, is offensive and borderline racist. Given the group's passion for the blues, I'm pretty sure Plant wasn't trying to be offensive with his vocals, and that the whole thing was just an honest mistake. But it was still a very bad idea. When the song actually begins in earnest, it doesn't get much better. I don't know what Page used to get his guitar to sound as bad as it sounds there. I probably don't want to, either. So stop the album before \\"Moby Dick,\\" and it's a masterpiece. Similarly, stop III before \\"Bron-Yr-Aur Stomp\\" (or burn yourself a copy with \\"Bron-Yr-Aur,\\" the lovely instrumental from Physical Graffiti; \\"Poor Tom,\\" and \\"Hey Hey What Can I Do\\" in the place of the last two songs), and it's a masterpiece. I hate it when that happens! Oh well. C'est la vie. Rock on!
031606792X|5.0|\\"Breaking Dawn\\", the conclusion to the \\"Twilight\\" saga, was just what I had hoped for. An astonishing and awe-inspiring novel that just makes you feel like you're Bella herself!    Understandably, many people were disappointed in this seven hundred and sixty-eight page book because it \\"just didn't fit in the world that Stephenie Meyer had developed in the first three novels.\\" Some fans may think that, but some, like myself, disagree.    While I read the book, there were screams of excitement, cries of joy and sadness, and laughs of mere amusement, and as a matter of fact, I was probably one of the very few fans doing this more than the characters in the books. The many surprises were so juicy that I had to scream to let out my excitement. The many jokes - usually told by Emmett or Jacob - were so funny I almost lost my breath when I laughed.    The book did it for me. In the last three books, there were so many characters I didn't know enough about. For example, Jacob's feelings for Bella are shown throughout the book, and I finally understood more about the relationship between them when I finished it. So many questions were answered and I grew to love probably every character in this amazing book, even the minor roles.    Stephenie Meyer has done it once more. In my complete opinion, I believe that the story was so incredibly written that I felt that the story could almost be real! A conclusion the wicked, awesome vampire love saga \\"Twilight\\", \\"Breaking Dawn\\" was a mere success, and so much more.
1591841992|4.0|Typically I don't buy many books-- we have a good local library, so I buy only those that are 1) very interesting and 2) worth referring to later. This book is both. It is marketed as a book that shows how to develop business presentations by drawing the charts in front of the audience rather than relying on pre-made PowerPoint slides. Anyone, however, who needs to learn how to display data to convince others (data visualization) will find this book useful.    The good: it is an easy and fast read, with little jargon, and with good explanations of the various ways to display data. The chapter, \\"Frameworks For Showing,\\" alone makes the book worthwhile to purchase. When do you use a timeline, or a flowchart, or a multivariable plot? This chapter explains all.    The bad: the drawings, while clever and creative, are at the lower end of my ability to read the writing. (And I have very good eyes.) A paperback version with the drawings much larger would be very helpful.    Very worthwhile.
B000002O51|5.0|There is a great article on Wikipedia about Boston, which can give you some insight on Tom Sholtz's way of thinking, and why there was an 8 year hiatus between Don't Look Back and Third Stage.  No matter what people might think about Tom, his style of playing and technical contributions to the electric guitar have changed rock music, the way it is recorded, and how it is played.  Although Brad Delp's vocals define Boston's characteristic sound, to say that there could be a Boston without Tom Sholtz would be naive.  You have to imagine what it was like to hear the songs for the first time, when you had never heard a \\"dive bomb\\" before, to understand why so many guitarists looked up to the guy...<br /><br />Anyways, this album's first side (yes, my first listen to it was on vinyl) is one of the best arranged sequences of songs I've ever heard, in my opinion.  \\"Amanda\\" is such a powerful song, then to follow it with \\"We're Ready\\" and \\"Cool the Engines\\" is just amazing.  We listened to this over and over on the way to college in 1986.  It gave me chills then and it still does now.<br /><br />One clarification: The first two albums were such strong works, I could never take anything away from their first 2 albums - every song was an instant classic.  On the contrary, I will always consider Third Stage to be an outstanding and worthy completion of a legendary Boston \\"trilogy\\".  The material that follows the first 3 albums could only be weaker, in my opinion.  So that is why I highly recommend Third Stage - to complete what was started in Boston and Don't Look Back.
B00005JPY0|5.0|I just saw \\"The Dark Knight\\" today.  What a roller coaster ride! This time around, in the rebirth of the \\"Batman\\" franchise (which Val Kilmer and George Clooney just about killed off), we have two tortured souls--Batman (Bruce Wayne) and The Joker. The duel between these strange personae defines this movie.<br /><br />A couple questions that readers might have: Was Heath Ledger the real deal as The Joker? Answer: Yes! He may not win an Oscar, but he at least warrants some consideration.  He does more credibly than Jack Nicholson's \\"over the top\\" portrayal of the same character. Indeed, Nicholson never created a character; Ledger does. Was Christian Bale able to compete with Ledger's characterization? Answer: Yes, at least in my opinion.  Bale is even darker in this movie than in his first effort at portraying Batman.<br /><br />First, the other characters.  Bale and Ledger do well.  Aaron Eckhart as the crusading DA, Harvey Dent, who gives Batman the possibility of withdrawing from his vigilante career, does well, but he is at a lower level in this movie than some of the other actors. His descent to \\"Two Face\\" is more credible than when Tommy Lee Jones essayed the same character (ugh).  Maggie Gyllenhaal creates a credible Rachel Dawes. Gary Oldman reprises his role as James Gordon. Michael Caine and Morgan Freeman do credibly as well.<br /><br />Lots of deaths. Lots of violence.  And it ain't cartoon stuff. There is a hard edge to this movie, with many characters threatened--and a number of those dispatched with extreme prejudice.<br /><br />The plot? Not of great moment.  The Joker tries to muscle in on the crime scene in Gotham City (Chicago gloriously portrays Gotham City--note the river, Marina Towers, and so on and so on).  But he is not so interested in money (watch him burn, with little care, the zillions of dollars in ill gotten gain from the crime bosses); he is more someone who wants to shake things up, a criminal anarchist, if you will. Again, quite a juxtaposition with Jack Nicholson's character.<br /><br />Indeed, the movie has the same problem as the first Batman movie with a Joker--it wanders on too long.  There was a natural close--and then the movie went on an extra 30-45 minutes (I use my cell phone as a watch, and I had to turn it off, so I could not time the extra segment) without really adding all that much. Also, to have a second \\"bad guy,\\" \\"Two Face,\\" was probably one more tortured character than we needed.<br /><br />Nonetheless, this is one of the better Batman movies.  The franchise clearly has survived the awful Val Kilmer/George Clooney pieces.'s character.    Indeed, the movie has the same problem as the first Batman movie with a Joker--it wanders on too long.  There was a natural close--and then the movie went on an extra 30-45 minutes (I use my cell phone as a watch, and I had to turn it off, so I could not time the extra segment) without really adding all that much. Also, to have a second \\"bad guy,\\" \\"Two Face,\\" was probably one more tortured character than we needed.    Nonetheless, this is one of the better Batman movies.  The franchise clearly has survived the awful Val Kilmer/George Clooney pieces.
031606792X|5.0|For all of you that feel the need to criticize this book for not turning out the way YOU wanted it too, here are a few things to consider:  First of all, get over yourselves. Stephanie Meyer wrote this book the way she wanted to.   Second of all, if you wanted the story to be the way you personally saw it, go write a friggin book yourself.   It is impossible to please everyone, and I commend her for writing the story the way she saw it, despite the repercussions she new were coming.     I loved this book, and took it as a really great story, NOT REALITY! of course it isn't realistic, its fiction. If you want a true, realistic story, go to the non-fiction section of your local book store and pick one out.  Despite the fact that i am a Team Jacob fan, I am not particularly happy with the Renesmee dynamic, but loving the character the way that I do, I was just glad that he was finally happy.      I LOVED THIS BOOK! THANK YOU STEPHANIE MEYER!    and please create a spinoff series.
031606792X|1.0|This is seriously the worst book I have ever read in my life. It didn't feel ANYTHING at all like the first three. I wish I still had my receipt so I could return this garbage.
031606792X|4.0|I read many of the negative reviews before I read the book, but it didn't ruin it for me. (I usually read the end of a book first, I like to know what is going on).  I thought the characters stayed true to form.   For the people that were upset that the relationship changed a little between Edward and Bella, what did you want to happen.  People don't stay in the dating/honeymoon stage forever.  You need something more if you expect to stay together.      I enjoyed the book and will probably read it again and would recommend it to others.
B000PC6A3E|5.0|The Batman Begins Blu-ray DVD was really cool!  It's a great story, with a wonderful look at the darker side of the Batman character.  And it's even better (of course) on Blu-ray.
B000002JSJ|4.0|Led Zeppelin-Presence (***1/2)<br /><br />I usually go through phases with Zeppelin. Long periods of not wanting to hear them but still giving them credit for being one of the greatest bands of all time, and then short (make that extremely short) periods of time where I listen to Led Zeppelin so much I get really sick of them. This just might be the only album in the bands canon that doesn't follow into either of those categories. I think that is due to the fact that I truly believe both Jimmy Page and John Bonham are at their all time best here, this album contains two absolute Zeppelin classics, and what I consider to be their all time best, and the fact that is just an average album which I only pull out once in a blue moon.<br /><br />Firstly Robert Plant is great when he sticks to one note and doesn't' vary in range. It bothers me to no end when he tries to be a vocal acrobat. The songs that are good here are mainly when he stays to one thing, the ones that are not, are the ones that he makes his voice go through everything he did on Houses Of The Holy all over again. As I said before Page kills on this album. His slide playing is nothing to bark at, simply the best. His lead playing on songs like 'For Your Life' and 'Hots On For Nowhere' is some of his best. Bonham just plays solid fills throughout the album and great rhythm all over. John Paul Jones completely owns as always, especially on 'For Your Life.'<br /><br />'Achilles Last Stand' is to me without competition Led Zeppelins very best song. Better than 'Stairway..' 'Whole Lotta Love' 'Black Dog' or anything else you through out. The entire band is at their top and kill the track. With ten minutes length it manages to not get boring, which is unusual for Zepp. 'Nobody's Fault But Mine' is not the bands best, but it is my favorite Zepp song. Killer guitar from Page and his lyrics are perfect for Plants pipes to let rip over. It is a stellar tune! 'For Your Life' is a solid rock n' roller. 'Royal Orleans' was a nice idea, and has a good feel as well as some great guitar and bass, but doesn't fully deliver like it should. 'Candy Store Rock' feels nice but seems unfinished, as does 'Tea For One' which is strange because of it's nearly ten minute length. 'Hots On For Nowhere' is a odd one. It isn't likable by any standards, and yet it is not awful by any standards either.<br /><br />I will say this though. Presence has the best production out of the whole lot of their records, hands down!<br /><br />I always felt like Led Zeppelin was capable of so much more than what they did which always left me feeling cold and let down. Presence did just what I thought it would do. It is a solid rock n' roll album, nothing more, nothing less, and that is okay.s a good feel as well as some great guitar and bass, but doesn't fully deliver like it should. 'Candy Store Rock' feels nice but seems unfinished, as does 'Tea For One' which is strange because of it's nearly ten minute length. 'Hots On For Nowhere' is a odd one. It isn't likable by any standards, and yet it is not awful by any standards either.    I will say this though. Presence has the best production out of the whole lot of their records, hands down!    I always felt like Led Zeppelin was capable of so much more than what they did which always left me feeling cold and let down. Presence did just what I thought it would do. It is a solid rock n' roll album, nothing more, nothing less, and that is okay.
031606792X|5.0|I loved this book. SM did a great job completing the series. So real life doesn't always end up this way but come on, this is a book, not real life and it is so nice to read something positive and fun after headlines that tell the sadness of the reality that we live in. What's wrong with someone getting what they want and deserve. She has loved Edward from the beginning. She gets to be married and finds the love most mothers do when she realizes she is pregnant and yeah for her that she gets to keep her best friend.  For everyone who is complaining, write your own story. SM did a wonderful job and I am appreciative of her talent and glad that she shared it with the world.
B000MG1ZFQ|5.0|The Doors-The Soft Parade ****1/2<br /><br />The Doors did very little wrong in my eyes. [[ASIN:B0009XE9UU Waiting for the Sun]] is concidered one of their weakest albums, while it is one of my most loved and cherished of the groups albums. The Soft Parade is widely agreed to be the bands weakest album, I love it as well. No it isn't as revolutionary as the debut, or as darkly beautiful as [[ASIN:B00004U8DQ Strange Days]], or even as solid as [[ASIN:B0000264WB L.A. Woman]] but The Soft Parade is The Doors. Well what people define The Doors as anyways. They are always labeled a psychedelic bluesy rock band. Okay well that is what you have here. Isn't the point of being a psychedelic band to be as far out and adventurous as possible? That is what the Doors are all about and The Soft Parade embodies that more than any other album in the bands canon. While not as varied in sound as [[ASIN:B0009XE9UU Waiting for the Sun]] or a pigeon holed in one sound as [[ASIN:B000T18002 Morrison Hotel]], The Soft Parade finds solid ground taking a little bit of each Doors album and creating one crazy trip.<br /><br />While most of the album is dominated by Robbie Krieger songs that does not mean it is bad, that only explains why it is unlike any other Doors album. 'Tell All The People' is classic shamanistic Morrison as read through Kriegers lyrics. 'Touch Me' became a large hit and radio classic while it is the second weakest track on the album. 'Shamans Blues' finds a broken spirited Morrison rapping over a wailing organ from Manzarek. 'Do It' is a classic Indian chant by way of Krieger's guitar and Morrison's poetic prose in the same vein as 'My Wild Love.' 'Easy Ride' is slow and sexy while 'Wild Child' is angry and passive in the same breath. 'Runnin' Blue' plays like a hippie freak out near Haight & Ashbury in San Francisco. 'Wishful Sinful' is really the only weak track and it isn't even that bad.' Keeping true to the epic closing tradition, 'The Soft Parade' serves as one hell of a title track. One part blues vamp, one part lament, another part religious experince/revalation, and all part amazing. I've heard people say this album and this track in perticular are self-indulgent. Well...duh, that is the point. That is why everyone loves Jim Morrison. I know for me personally I wouldn't hold rock musicians to half the standards I do if it weren't for Jim Morrison being the self-indulgent, idiotic genius that he is.<br /><br />The Soft Parade is not a bad album by any means. Yes when you compare it to Strange Days it seems weak, but almost every other album seems weak when you compare it to something so amazing as Strange Days. When you look at The Soft Parade for what it is, the most blatant example of excess and psychedelia than you have a near masterpiece.k. One part blues vamp, one part lament, another part religious experince/revalation, and all part amazing. I've heard people say this album and this track in perticular are self-indulgent. Well...duh, that is the point. That is why everyone loves Jim Morrison. I know for me personally I wouldn't hold rock musicians to half the standards I do if it weren't for Jim Morrison being the self-indulgent, idiotic genius that he is.    The Soft Parade is not a bad album by any means. Yes when you compare it to Strange Days it seems weak, but almost every other album seems weak when you compare it to something so amazing as Strange Days. When you look at The Soft Parade for what it is, the most blatant example of excess and psychedelia than you have a near masterpiece.
B000BB1MIC|5.0|What can I say, I loved it. I liked the price that amazon is selling it also. everywhere the price was around $40 but here it was $24!!
B0006A9FKA|5.0|i really think this is simon peg and nick frosts best orking together film besides the show spaced!!!
031606792X|1.0|*****SPOILERS*****<br /><br />Book 1: The wedding was lovely. The honeymoon: a little less so. I wasn't surprised by the \\"fade to black\\" where a love scene might well have been, due to the YA demographic. I found it extraordinarily out-of-character that Bella, who previously could not be turned into a vampire quickly enough, was willing to put the \\"change\\" off indefinitely simply because she enjoyed having sex so much.<br /><br />The book absolutely jumped the shark for me with Bella's pregnancy. Not only because, as far as I knew - according to the Lexicon Q&A as well as the discussions of pregnancy with Rosalie and Edward in previous books -- not to mention ancient vampire mythology-- it was an impossibility... but more importantly because Bella sacrificed having kids because of her epic love for Edward, no?<br /><br />Negative.<br /><br />Book 2: With the ludicrous pregnancy being revealed, I gladly welcomed Jacob's POV. The main theme is Bella's martyrdom as she's dying for this unborn baby. Dying. And dying. Edward is, of course, emo beyond retribution and inexplicably offers Jacob a poly amorous deal if Jacob is able to talk Bella into aborting this mutant baby which is killing her. Bella declines Jacob's offer.<br /><br />Jacob also forms a splinter cell wolf (oops; children of the moon) pack. The delivery of mutant baby, Renesmee who, in keeping with 'The Seventh Sign' theme, is killing bella. The delivery is senselessly gory and, undoubtedly, less appropriate for the YA genre than pretty-much ANY love scene could have been. Despite being a newborn vampire, Bella has none of the newborn human bloodlust. Nada. But I thought the newborn bloodlust was inevitable, no?<br /><br />Negative.<br /><br />And, let's not forget, Jacob  imprints on the Newborn Vamp Bella's newborn mutant daughter.<br /><br />And let's definitely not forget how pretty Bella is a vampire. She's beautiful. I thought I'd heard enough about Bella's beauty from the wedding to last a lifetime, but get to read it so... many... more... times. Please don't misunderstand: Bella is beautiful.<br /><br />Bella also shrugs off Dartmouth. Ugh.<br /><br />Book 3: Holy plot lines, Batman! The short and short of it is that the Volturi want to kill Renesmee based on a whole other chunk of mythology which, since it ends up being completely meaningless with the concept of the EPIC BATTLE, I will not address.<br /><br />Bella is, as well as I can recall, still BEAUTIFUL in book 3.<br /><br />Charlie, in the most out-of-character showing in this entire novel, is completely accepting of Bella's vampdom and Jacob's wolfdom, erm, child-of-the-moondom.<br /><br />But, but --- Bella was sacrificing Charlie to be with Edward. Charlie has to lose his mind about this, no?<br /><br />Negative.<br /><br />A lot of book three is a battle-prep montage. Alice bails because of some vision of a vision-which-might-be-a-vision-but-is-hoping-her-absense-will-prevent-that-gloomy-vision nonsense. I was introduced to a lot of characters - some of whom are completely pointless - others who simply serve to do the bidding of the author in some of the grandest \\"Telling\\" rather than \\"Showing\\" I've witnessed outside the world of fanfiction.<br /><br />Edward is... an Incubus.<br />Jacob is NOT a werewolf but.... a Child of The Moon/ Shapeshifter. That one was a gimme for you, I realize.<br />Bella's vamp-talent is... the Lilly Potter loveshield.<br /><br />There is no battle, epic or otherwise. But I thought there was definitely going to be a battle. I haven't read this mess of a book to suddenly be deprived a decent battle. There has to be a battle. People have to die, no?<br /><br />Negative; except for Irina a.k.a \\"Who's Irina Anyway?\\" --- yeah, she died. I barely noticed.<br /><br />So, in the end, this epic love story ends with the hap-hap-happiest ever after Disney never dreamed of manifesting into a cartoon, with the exception of the monumentally gory birth scene.<br /><br />As the sun sets on the enchanted little cottage of Bella, Edward, and Nessie Cullen --- we're forced to wonder what exactly was the point of this book? Moreover, since Breaking Dawn is the final installment of the Twilight saga... what was the point in any of it?<br /><br />Bella: is beautiful; had a baby gifted to her by though the author deviated from her own canon to do so; has the dream husband; has a completely irrelevant before and after car; tons of money; the perfect little cottage in the woods; Charlie (and let's just speculate Renee); her best friend Jacob who will certainly be in her life for a very long time as he is her future son-in-law.<br /><br />Bella is now the Mary Sue to end all Mary Sues.<br /><br />As SM has indicated her influences with respect to the Twilight saga, most of them are tragedies, believe it or not. Let us forget that for a moment and, instead, assume she's been influenced largely by fairy tales. The common thread of fairy tales and tragedies is a moral... a point --- at least. There is no moral to be found in the Twilight saga with the addition of Breaking Dawn. At least, not one I can bring myself to realize.eover, since Breaking Dawn is the final installment of the Twilight saga... what was the point in any of it?     Bella: is beautiful; had a baby gifted to her by though the author deviated from her own canon to do so; has the dream husband; has a completely irrelevant before and after car; tons of money; the perfect little cottage in the woods; Charlie (and let's just speculate Renee); her best friend Jacob who will certainly be in her life for a very long time as he is her future son-in-law.       Bella is now the Mary Sue to end all Mary Sues.     As SM has indicated her influences with respect to the Twilight saga, most of them are tragedies, believe it or not. Let us forget that for a moment and, instead, assume she's been influenced largely by fairy tales. The common thread of fairy tales and tragedies is a moral... a point --- at least. There is no moral to be found in the Twilight saga with the addition of Breaking Dawn. At least, not one I can bring myself to realize.
0143038419|5.0|I'm such a slow reader and I never put this book down. It speaks as though it was written for me...which I'm sure means it'll speak as though it was written for you too! The journey the author goes on can be seen as a metaphor for whatever is going on in the reader's life...and it's inspiring to think of how important things (especially one's search for meaning) can not be put on hold.
B000GG4Y3M|4.0|I'm a Michael Douglas fan and have spent quite some time in Japan. This movie has a lot of action to hold your interest, represents the Japan atmosphere well and has a great sound track and music. What more can you ask for?
0783225903|5.0|There aren't too many movies like \\"Brazil\\" around. It's been assigned to the category \\"steampunk\\" but I'm not sure that is correct- it has some cyberpunk attributes as well. Anyway, the labels aren't too important. What matters is the clever 3-way mix of human story, technology fantasy/satire, and sharp cynicism about the future of society.     Imagine a version of \\"1984\\" where everything is pretty much governed by the \\"information Ministry.\\" But rather than being a horrifyingly efficient organ of the State, it is more of a bureaucratic nightmare with masses of \\"organization men\\" shuffling huge amounts of paper and aided - or hindered -  by a computer technology that uses old Remington typewriter keyboards and small screens that have a magnifying lens in front of them! Televisions are the old 1950's style rounded-edge screens. HVAC systems are a jumble of huge hoses that breathe stertorously as they supply the air. A truck is a large cumbersome vehicle with far too many bits and pieces all over it, huge tires,  and a general \\"Mad Max\\" look.     The film tracks the path of a guileless minor cog in this over-organized but inefficient society. He doesn't want to participate in any of the internal status struggles, just to stay where he is, doing meaningless work and fantasizing/dreaming of a life as a winged superhero soaring through the clouds to meet a beautiful woman...and great is his amazement when in real life he sees the same enchanting face! His life is never the same. I won't spoil the plot except that you can take the ending as either sad or happy, in spite of tragedy along the way. The dysfunctional social power structure has teeth that can bite and the SWAT types and their weapons are real enough.     Some of the vignettes are very much from the UK background - the two bloody-minded HVAC repairmen are a dig at the British trade unions, many of which are famous for their intransigence and turf jealousy.     The movie makes wonderful points about our abilityfor denial, as when a terrorist bomb blast shatters part of a fancy restaurant and the band plays on while the staff quickly erect ornamental screens to prevent the unharmed diners from seeing the carnage, and continue to serve.     Lastly, I'm surprised that no one else has mentioned the passing reference to Grace Hopper and the \\"bug\\" theory...An old piece of computer lore is that a program error on a very early computing machine was due to an insect trapped in a relay and Admiral Hopper then coined the term \\"bug\\" for program errors. This is likely incorrect, but it was amusing to see a huge mistaken-identity element of the plot of \\"Brazil\\" triggered by a bug falling into a clunky typewriter-like printer and causing a person's name to be printed incorrectly.     Well worth a viewing!
B000PC6A3E|4.0|This version of Batman has all the features that are supposed to be part of the Batman story.  Most important and lacking in most previous version is that Batman is a hero on the edge of criminal and good guy.  He starts his crime fighting first by becoming one of them and then he becomes a dark hero that uses methods not normally acceptable to stop the criminals in Gotham.  The key is what Bruce Wayne is told by the mob boss, \\"you always fear what you don't understand.\\"  Bruce then seeks to first understand and then to stop crime from inside the criminal.
0670020745|4.0|The book, 'My Stroke of Insight' by Jill Bolte Taylor is a remarkable read. It contains information everyone should know who might sit with or care for a stroke victim or anyone suffering from a brain injury. The chapter, 'Simple Science' is like taking a course in 'The Brain 101' as we are given a look at the workings of an organ that defines who we are. I recommend this book to the inquisitive and to inquiring minds.    Billy R. Boggs  A Critical Reader
B000A0GYD2|5.0|This edition is incredible.  The stories are inspiring, the cinematography breath taking and the approach is refreshing and powerful, particularly regarding the Apollo 13 mission.  It captures the majesty, trials and triumphs of the space program. While watching this you realize that one of the problems in America today is our lack of a sense of mission and a pursuit of a common goal, we have, in a way, become a nation of individuals.<br /><br />Do not pay any attention to the complaints about format, you would have to be an A/V fanatic to notice anything, this looks great on my wide screen and the sound is excellent.
B0017098GO|4.0|I selected this when Tor had their free books for Kindle.  What a fun read.  I like a book that keeps me wondering what will happen from one chapter to the next and this one did. I enjoyed Sanderson's characters, his concept of the use of metals and allomancers.  I look forward to buying my next Brandon Sanderson book.
031606792X|1.0|This was supposed to be my year for great sequels.  It was supposed to be the year three of my favorite series released new installments - two of which were to be the final parts.  The first went off well.  Breaking Dawn is the second and I'm a little...disappointed.  I have not yet finished the book (only through book one so far) but I have flicked through the remaining parts and there are things I do not like.  I adored Twilight, even read it twice in a row.  New Moon and Eclipse were all right.  But this...I don't know.    For those keeping away from spoilers and in case I happen to mention any, here is your SPOILER ALERT!!!    I'm not so put off by the fact of Bella wanting sex with Edward.  It's a natural part of attraction, hormones, and a honeymoon.  I am put off by the whole pregnancy thing.  Biologically, the explanation is sound (I'm a biology teacher) but the idea, based on previous explanations in the series, other books I have read, and my own perception of vampires, is off setting.  I had not expected this turn of events at all and it's unsettling.  And the idea of Jacob imprinting with the infant...I feel it was somewhat of a cop out in making a nice, smooth ending with him.    I will give props to some dialogue parts.  I've skimmed conversations between Jacob and Rosalie, and I do give them credit; some are downright hilarious.  I will also give props for other vampire covens being present, but glancing at the index in the back I have to wonder how so many of them will be adequately described or explained.    This was not the ending I expected for this series.  Thus far, my expectations have only been half fulfilled, and I find it rather disappointing.  Now I'm debating on whether I even want to continue with the book.  I probably will because I hate having to come as far as I have and not finish.  But it will be a struggle.  Instead of \\"What happens next?\\", as I turn each page my thoughts will more likely run along the lines of \\"How many move pagesuntil I'm done?\\"
B000RPTQ1C|5.0|This is such a brilliant CD. From the Middle Eastern flavor in \\"Yes\\" to the hard passion of \\"Viva La Vida\\" this album rocks!<br />I'm so glad there is a Coldplay in the world.<br />If you purchase this CD you will not be let down.
031606792X|5.0|I am a huge fan of the series (in my early thirties) and have been anticipating the release of Breaking Dawn.  I just finished reading it and I have to say that I loved it (almost as much as Twilight).  I was skeptical at first.  I should have never read the negative reviews.  I realized that I had to stop reading the reviews and wait until I could read the book and make my own judgments.  I am glad I did!  If you are thinking about reading this book (or the series), do it!  Form your own opinion.  I have all four books and I already started to reread them.  I cannot wait to read them over and over again.       I have to admit that I am shocked.  Since I started the Twilight series, I have been a devoted Edward fan.  In fact, I actually hated Jacob in New Moon and Eclipse (I was afraid Bella would choose Jacob).  Now, I have to admit that I actually like Jacob's character after reading Book 2 in Breaking Dawn.  At first, I was annoyed that he had his own book and I wanted to skim through it.  I'm glad I didn't.  I'm so happy with the way things turned out, even concerning Jacob.  I think Stephenie Meyer did a great job.  The novel did not turn out the way I imagined it in my head and somehow I am not disappointed.  My only complaint is that the series is over.  I feel so empty.        If Stephenie adds another book to the series (besides Midnight Sun), I will be thrilled!  Until then, I will continue to anticipate the movie release in December.
B000002UTY|5.0|Imagine Jerry Garcia at his peak, with all 10 fingers intact, though with a lesser  band.  Most songs are quite strong, though Calvalry suffers from some of the spacey self-indulgence of the era (cf Dead's Caboose).
1594481717|5.0|I LOVE this book. I am an art teacher in Phoenix. I was able to discuss art integration through all subject matters with my students and I think that it's essentail! We are cutting our art programs down to nothing and we're creating a whole new generation of test takers -- our kids need to be problem solvers and CREATIVE problem solvers to compete in our new world. Our world that we live in now will NOT be the world our kids live in when they're grown up. Things are evolving fast and we need to give them tools to conquer tomorrow's problems. This book gives great insights! BUY IT! READ IT and give it to your school administrators! Thanks Mr. Pink!
B0017WI5VQ|5.0|With no knowledge of this artist, I bought this CD only due to the \\"Artists You Ought to Know\\" label, which tends to promote artistry over commercial appeal.  I was very moved by this CD from Track One to Track Twelve (beginning to end).   For one, she has an amazing voice, reminding the listener of her contemporaries Corinne Bailey Rae, Chrisette Michele, and Amy Winehouse. There is a balance of beautiful lyrics and vocal talent.  Throughout, she has an unique message and experience in regards to love, pursuing dreams, and living life.  This CD is worth adding to your musical collection.
031606792X|5.0|I was pretty happy with the book. I didnt really care for Jacobs point of view. but anyways if you are a big fan of the book you might interested in seeing the pictures of the real Forks, WA.  My family is from there, so we have  a fan page with all the pictures from the area. to check them out go to myspace.com/realforks123
031606792X|5.0|I loved Breaking Dawn! Just like Twilight, New Moon, and Eclipse, I couldn't stop reading. I don't know why any fan of the series wouldn't like Breaking Dawn. The trials are different in this book, of course, but that is because Breaking Dawn is all about change. The characters have evolved, especially Bella. She experiences a lot of changes in her life in this book, but I think they all bring her to a very happy and mature place. I thought Stephenie Meyer did a great job at bringing everything nicely together, giving a happy ending to all of our favorite characters without leaving any loose ends. I don't want to give any spoilers, but I can say that this book had a perfect ending. I finished with a smile on my face.
B0014XCMVM|4.0|There are some very favorable reviews of this CD and I liked it mostly too but I still expect more from a Morrisette CD.      The first few songs are forgettable - \\"Underneath\\", \\"StraightJacket\\" and \\"Versions of Violence\\".      \\"Not as We\\" is about the harsh end of a romantic relationship and it very good and pure:       \\"Day one day one start over again        Step one step one      I'm barely making sense for now      I'm faking it I'm pseudo making it\\"      ...     \\"From scratch begin again but this time I as I      And not as we\\"    \\"In Praise of the Vunderable Man\\" is much more like Alanis - talking about her relationships with men and it's fun sounding.    \\"Moratoriam\\" is back to the techno sounding stuff and I don't like it.    \\"Torch\\" is ballad about, again, remembering someone she was romantically involved with (I assuming Ryan Reynolds).  It works as it's pure Alanis singing about her emotions.    The last three are good as well, mostly about renewal after the relationship is over and trying to move on, and could of been placed at the start of the CD.    \\"Tapes\\" is very good.        \\"I'm but thorn in your sweet side\\"      \\"You are better off without me\\"      \\"It'd be best to leave at once\\"    I find she is at her best writing about emotions - anger, sadness, fondness and love.
B000OVLNII|4.0|I have just completed Ms. Goodwin's book. I realize that a huge number of people will not like this review. While no one would denies that Abraham Lincoln was one of the top three presidents in this country's history-perhaps Washington and FDR being the other two-it seems that Goodwin wants to create some type of God out of Lincoln, which he probably was not. Moreover, she makes the south out to be this huge bunch of minsters which they probably was not. Was what the south was doing in sustaining slavery wrong? Yes it was and no one would argue that point. It just takes more of an effort to understand why they were sustaining slavery. There are so many things we encounter today that are just as wrong, but people like to cover them up as Goodwin has done in her biography of Lincoln. I must add, and this should have been pointed out and was not, Lincoln did things as president that would never have been tolerated today, but still he is expected to be worship; and, that is just dangerous.
B000PC6A3E|5.0|I gotta say...the best super hero franchise out there is the new Batman franchise, hands down. Batman Begins is the best super hero flick ever. Of course, that's what I thought until The Dark Knight came out. Now \\"Begins\\" is #2 because \\"DK\\" is the new #1. They just keep getting better and better. Forget Spider-Man, Hulk, even Ironman (as good as it was) just can't compare. These movies rock. And on Blu-ray, it's just AMAZING.
B000VNMMR0|5.0|Impossible stunts (check)....outlandish action sequences (check)....profanity filled tirades (check)....everything you love about the Die Hard films is back bigger and louder than ever! This movie is a riot, I laughed almost non-stop until the end. The stunts are jaw dropping and way way way over the top to the point of being ridiculous, but I still had fun watching it. It is even more entertaining if you are drunk or high.     This addition to the Die Hard franchise will be hard to top. But does Bruce Willis have it in him for a fith Die Hard movie? I dont know, he was looking kinda old in this movie, but you never know. Even better, maybe Lucy McClain can take the helm!
0201633612|5.0|This is the most recommended book on object oriented design. I can see now.what all the hype is about. I have been a developer for almost six years now. I have been using object oriented languages for some time. Despite the experience with the technologies, I didn't have a good working knowlege of how to effectively implement the technology and methodology in my own code. That is, until I read \\"Design Patterns\\". It has opened my eyes and I understand the concepts of polymorphism and code reuse much more clearly now.<br /><br />\\"Design Patterns\\" is easy to read, easy to understand and has great code examples that facilitate understanding. It is my opinion that if you haven't read this book and you develop with OOP, you are probably working harder and not smarter. So  do yourself a favor and pick up a copy.
0375707972|4.0|I started reading this book knowing very little about it other than its reviews calling it \\"beautiful\\" \\"disturbing\\" \\"morally devastating\\" and \\"speaks straight to the heart.\\"  Although perhaps not as disturbing or morally devastating as some reviews claim, I did find the story to be beautiful and one that spoke to my heart.  I found myself truly caring about the characters, however bizarre they were (and the strange relationships they were part of).<br /><br />Anyone interested in post-war Germany and the aftermath of the Holocaust would enjoy this book.  I found myself wondering several times whether this was a piece of non-fiction, considering how it certainly reads that way (it IS fiction, however).<br /><br />The print is fairly large and the pages narrow.  I read this book in one day easily.  I was drawn into the story easily.  The questions of morality, ethics, and philosophy that this book brings up left me thinking long after putting this book down.
B000UR9T8C|3.0|I loved spider man 1, and enjoyed the second even more. When i was sitting in the theatre waiting for the 3rd movie to begin, i was expecting something totally spectaculer that would blow me away. But i was extremely disappointed.   The problem with spidey 3 is it lacks content. The first and second had in depth looks at the characters, but this one didn't as much. The biggest problem was the number of villains. It made the story seem somewhat unorganized and thrown together. It's also clear that Tobey Maguire is loosing intrest in his role as peter parker/spider man.   Another problem was the way spider man was out numbered in the end. If it wasn't for Harry coming and saving him there would have been flattened spidey peices everywhere. They should have called it spider man 3 and in brackets: \\"new goblin\\" A real hero would have been able to take on everyone at once. But what would have been better would be if spiderman had taken on each villain one at a time, instead of all at once, although it did make it more of an intense sequence at the end.   What the movie lacks in story it makes up for in visuals. The cgi is well done, especially for venom and sandman. Also the way the venom moves is quite intresting.   Another thing i missed from the first 2 was spideys web slinging. He hardly ever swings from building to building, but that may be because Raimi figured spider man had done enough of that in the first 2.   I gave this movie 3 stars because it doesn't have a great plot, but good cgi. I think because this movie was not as successful as the first 2, there might not be a 4th. Although i would like to see the lizard before they finish making the spider man movies. But who knows, it's been left open for another sequel, so they might do another one in the not too distant future.
B00005MP58|5.0|There are several versions out there, all are good, but my wife went crazy when she saw this for the first time. (It was a gift to her.)And she stated it was the best she's ever seen and thinks Colin Firth is fantastic in his role.
0743270754|5.0|Very interesting read using source material, in their own words, account. The characters are alive and believeable with the background of the election and civil war. The narrative is engrossing and I got lost in the book. It is a biography of the four people who ran for president in 1860. All four biographies enchance understanding of the times and complement Lincoln's story. The history is fascinating and is paced well and comprehensive.
031606792X|4.0|I absolutely adore the series and the author. I waited a long time to read the last book in the series.     However, it was like reading a fan fiction. Everything you could ask for happened.     SPOILER    I couldn't figure out what was different about this book until I read some of the other reviews. The connection the reader has with Bella is completely lost after she becomes a vampire. We hardly ever see inside her head after that.   And then, the baby. I didn't buy the relationship between Renesmee and Bella. A mother daughter bond is SO much stronger than that. It seemed forced to me.  The imprinting thing was spotted a mile away, seriously.     All in all it really seems like Stepahine Meyer did her best to please EVERYONE, but sold out the series in doing so.   It's still worth reading to finish the series.
031606792X|5.0|I'm sure a lot of the one star people felt the same way about the book.  Only a really good book can make ME do that.  What is up with all the haters?  Personally I thought the book was great!  It was my favorite after Twilight.  It had so many surprises.  It's funny how people complained that Bella was this dependent person throughout the first three books (which bothered me a little too) and now that she's finally come into her own in the last book, it's a problem.  I thought it was awesome how the tables were turned and that she was finally able to protect others and be this strong person.      As far as the complaints about Edward's presence not being as dominant in this book, this all makes sense to me.  After becoming a mother and then a vampire, Bella became a stronger individual and her life didn't revolve around just Edward anymore.  I still thought he was featured A LOT though (which was great!) For those upset she had a kid...don't worry, she'll have a gazillion more years to go to college...sheesh.  Remember, they don't have the time constraints regular people have.  As far as the other negative reviews about the baby, if you read Stephenie's QA, she never specifically said it wasn't possible for a vampire and a human to have a kid.  Her books introduced us to a whole new way of looking at vampires (coming out during the day, no fangs, etc).  So, opening my mind to accept the whole kid bit wasn't such a stretch for me.  I knew Stephenie is very creative like that.      Also, although the imprinting seemed like a cop out to some, I thought it was a great way to resolve a lot of issues that could have plagued the characters at a later point.  Remember, this book was about closure.  For instance, the whole werewolves vs. vampires issue.  Since Jacob imprinted on the baby, the werewolves were not allowed to harm the vampire kid anymore.  This situation was a great starting point to end the hostility between the two groups.  I know it was disturbing to some that he even imprinted on the child of a girl he loved in the first place.  However, imprinting isn't something you choose.  Jacob hated the baby up until he saw her.  In addition, although it sounds gross, imprinting is more about loving someone in a pure non-sexual way, where you're main concern is about the other's happiness.  It doesn't have to become a romantic relationship and it certainly isn't at this point.  If you look at it that way, it's actually a beautiful thing.  Also, Bella loved Jacob, but more like a family member than as a romantic partner, so it was really awesome that Jacob will become that for her.  In addition, IF Renesmee so chooses, she'll be getting an awesome boyfriend later on in her life.  Let's face it girls, guys like Edward and Jacob are extremely hard to come by.  LOL!    Finally, I thought Bella's power was perfectly fitting.  As a human, she was able to shield her thoughts and protect herself from anything that could harm her mentally.  As a supernatural being, this shielding capability was magnified a thousand fold...it made total sense that her power would be related to something that made her unique as a human.      So I loved the book and love Stephenie Meyer for bringing this awesome world to us!    Long live happy endings!!!!!!!!!!!! And come on!  They deserved it after everything they went through in those four books!
0060853980|5.0|So, I had this book sitting on my shelf forever as I had heard so much about it, as well as both authors. I hadn't ever read anything written by either of them previously, so this gathered dust until I had a real craving for something funny. I had seen someone reading this book on a train one time and they kept busting out laughing so I figured it probably fit the bill.    It most certainly did. That was the number one appeal of this book. It simply just made me laugh and it was often very clever in its description of hows and whys of heaven versus hell, good versus evil and the like. Some of the things Gaiman and Pratchett thought of could even easily be categorized as \\"ingenious.\\" I really loved how a lot of the book was certainly aimed to make the reader laugh, but at the same time it really did you make you think about certain things, as well. It's a very light and fast read but none of the jokes are cheap shots. You can already tell that a lot of the jokes are going to age really well and remain funny for a long time.     Overall, I really liked it. My only problem is with the ending. It all seemed a little too easy, and for some reason that always turns me off a bit. But, actually, now that I think about it a little more it's actually kind of hilarious because of the whole \\"ineffable\\" aspect to the way things just worked out in the end. Haha, good one, Neil Gaiman and Terry Pratchett. You got me. Five stars for you.
B00177Y9ZC|2.0|Package recieved in good condition. Everything in the box was received in its proper place. No complaints on the delivery, package or the condition of either. The low rating was for the movie itself. The movie itself, is kind of weak. Yes, the the thought of being able to \\"Jump\\", is pretty awesome! The effects, and tools the \\"Jumper Cops\\" have, are pretty friggin cool too.  CGI and special effects have come a long way.  Also the Cast is pretty good too. But they take the effects away and the dude is still Anakin who wants everything the easy way.  If you are reading this Hayden, props to you for participating, and on your performance; but the plot kind of fell short. Either way the cast was great, and their performances were great. I just think the movie could have been better.
B00133KFGW|2.0|All I can say after seeing this highly recommended movie is...Puhleeze!!! Nearly every movie has some unrealistic \\"hollywood\\" aspects to it that stretch believability, but I have never seen anything that quite compares to August Rush in this way. Keri Russell is not very believable as a renowned concert cellist in the first place. On top of that, when she is playing a concert at the beginning and end of the film, she somehow knows that her true love, Jonathan Rhys-meyers, is playing a rock concert somewhere at the same time, and he knows that she is playing a concert at the same time, and their music is perfectly in sync, and somehow at the end of the film she knows that her son can hear her playing through a subway grate, and somehow the boy ends up running away from the evil Robin Williams just in time to make it to the concert to squeeze into a tux and direct the Juilliard orchestra playing his composition, and somehow he knows that his mom and dad are in the audience standing down in the first row... you get the idea. Everyone in the film must be clairvoyant I guess. This is pure sentimental pap.
031606792X|5.0|I absolutely loved this book! I have been a fan of the Twilight Saga since the beginning. The first three books were, in my opinion, amazing, and this last one is no different. Meyer has always had the ability to write fascinating page turners and plots to keep our interest. I literally couldn't put the book down once I started reading it. While I'll admit that this novel did have a different feel from the three prior to it, I think that's mostly due to the fact that the characters are dealing with much larger and more adult issues than before. However, I was not disappointed at all.    (Contains spoilers)    I was so thrilled when Bella and Edward had tied the knot. They've always had this epic, passionate, and true love. I think them getting married was the perfect display of how they deeply care for and are committed to one another. Many have called it anti-feminist since they're so young and she hasn't gone to college yet, but I don't think there is anything wrong with wanting to spend your life with your soulmate. And she has all the time in the world to go college and get an education. That had always been the plan. I don't think the order in which that happens really makes a difference. It might not work for others, but it seems to genuinely work for them.     I also found it utterly refreshing that they waited until marriage to consumate their relationship. I think our society has become very sex-crazed, and it's nice to see characters that have excercised self-control and actually thought it through. Meyer doesn't just focus on the physical. She also portrays the emotional impact such an act can create. The intimate scenes themselves are written tastefully, as well.    As for the whole pregnancy plotline, I was in complete shock. I hadn't expected it, since I thought it couldn't happen. I always felt bad that Bella and Edward would never be able to have children. The fact that they actually could, unbeknownst to them, was a very exciting plot twist that hadme jumping for joy. Some say it's too \\"unbelievable,\\" but Meyer does explain how it can occur. Plus, this is sci-fi/fantasy fiction. What's the point of reading it if we don't have any really awesome and unexpected events unfolding?!     Another aspect I enjoyed of this story was how Bella matured. Many have said the opposite, but again, I completely disagree. She never really believed in marriage or wanted motherhood in the previous books. But in this one, she's forced to grow up and see things from different angles. I've read other reviews that said it was crazy how she actually wanted the baby. Personally, I'd be worried and question her character if she was completely without feeling about the child growing inside of her. The maternal bond she instantly formed with her baby was natural, realistic and endearing to me. The fact that she fought so hard to keep it, too, just further shows her growing strength as the books progressed. She wouldn't let others dictate her decision in this matter. Even as the book continued, Bella no longer stood on the sidelines. She finally came into her own and stood beside everyone as an equal. In some ways, she even led them.      I also enjoyed Jacob's role in this book. Not only was his usual humor present, but we also got a better look into his feelings for Bella and the pain he was going through. I'd always been curious as to the bond between the two of them. When it was finally revealed and explained, I could see that it made perfect sense. Jacob was meant to be in her life all along, just not in the way most had been anticipating. I don't see it as a cop-out at all--especially since Meyer had planned on having it this way.    Overall, I just really enjoyed this book. I wouldn't pay close attention to all of the negative reviews. I think people should just read it for themselves and then make their final decision. A lot of the reviews on here seem to be bashing the story, but other people I've talked to have highly praised it.     I think Meyer did a wonderful job of tying up loose ends. She does give us a \\"happily ever after,\\" but I don't think there was anything wrong with that. The characters had all suffered enough. And even though the book ends, Meyer still leaves future issues and probable battles unknown. It doesn't mean that the characters won't have other obstacles to face in the time to come. They do, and she makes that clear. The characters will always live on.    Personally, I am thankful that Stephanie Meyer had the guts and determination to put her work and ideas out there. I give her a lot of credit and respect for giving us all wonderful stories and characters to enjoy. Nobody would even be talking about it this much if it wasn't so entertaining and moving. \\"Breaking Dawn\\" is most definitely worth giving a chance.
0596009208|5.0|It has been quite a while since I did any serious programming, particularly in Java.  This book served as a great refresher, and was an easy read.  The authors' premise that by adding pictures, jokes and puzzles help to hold the reader's attention was true for me.<br /><br />Given the format, I thought that the book did a great job of covering the basics of programming in Java, including threads, IO and even some Swing.<br /><br />I'll buy more books in this series.
B000YIGNKE|1.0|I have never before recommended that a fan of Jane Austin and fans of the BBC productions not buy a dvd, but this one is really horrible. I am impressed with the previous review by Merkeet who lists the good and bad points. Much more diplomatic than I am right now. I bought the dvd based on positive reviews that I read at this site, and I'm not sorry that I've seen it - Jane Austin is always good, I just can't understand how this one was allowed to have been produced. The direction is dubious at best, which I can only assume is what caused all the over- acting. There are some wonderful actors who are aren't given a chance in this version. I recommend spending your money on the Amanda Root version which is absolutely beautiful, and while you're at it, look into Elizabeth Gaskill's North and South, which just came out in dvd, and is as close to perfection as a BBC production can be, and that's saying a lot! I love Jane Austin, but unfortunately this production of her Persuasion is surprisingly, and just simply, very badly done.
031606792X|5.0|Like many other readers, I have been counting down until the release of Breaking Dawn.  I have always been impressed by Stephenie Meyer's ability to reach me with her books.  Even in New Moon, where I hated seeing Edward gone, it was well written and had me crying.<br />I think that Breaking Dawn is a fitting end to this saga.  I was pleased by the outcomes and impressed with the way that Meyer handled sexuality.  I wouldn't encourage the elementary school kids I teach to read this yet, but it was an awesome book.  Don't knock it till you've tried it, and happy reading!
B00003CX5P|3.0|Why have I waited Till August of 2008 to rate the 3 Prequils? Because I am sick and tired of Everyone who THINKS they are a Star Wars Critic or Fan,Bashing Star Wars and George Lucas.  Now to the Review.. Ok I admit Episode I was the Weakest of the 6 Films, but for a reason.  If you are Looking at each film Individually then you are cheating yourself.   George set out to do what he always wanted to do, tell the story of.... Not Darth Vader, But Anakin Skywalker. To do that you have to go to the Beginning. His Youth.   AS a Slave Boy, What molded him? What led the Jedi to him?  If all you are Looking for is an Action Thriller Movie you are in the Wrong Place.  Yes Jar  Jar was Silly, Yes In Fact Dumb.  But Take Him for what he is \\"an Idiot\\" Used Almost Exclusively for Episode I. However The Plot lines and the Story are what were important in the Prequels. Obviously Special Effects are going to rule any Star Wars Movie. as they do in all 6. Darth Maul Everyone Says was so Cool they should have kept him around.  All I hear is He was \\"too cool to Kill Off\\" and I say \\" He Really was Cool, But he Served his Purpose.  His Character   needed to Be killed off ....For the STORY\\" and as George always says \\"Story First\\" Next.  Liam Neason as Qui-Gon GIn was Essential and The Overall Story was Pivotal AS a Beginning To (NOt Darth Vader) but Anakin's Origin's . WE See his Incredible ability to Love.(Which Will lead To his Ability to Hate). WE see His Intuition with the Force, the POdrace and the Space battle were all controlled by the force(and Darth Sidious) Nothing will happen to his prize.   The Movies make Sense the more you read into them.    Why were they not as successful as the Original Trilogy?  People Come up with a Million and one Excuses.  The real reason is The Original Trilogy - Nobody EVER saw anything like that before.  A Million Movies came out since, each one outdoing the next, people got Spoiled.  Now Star Wars When the Bar was set so high- Nothing could have met the expectations people had. So when 3 Great movies came out each one better then the last, people who were already Spoiled weren't getting the Undeliverable Movie they wanted.  They were let down.\\"What it isn't better then Perfect?\\" That is the Reason.
B0002ZDVEU|2.0|I do not understand Paul Greengrass's choice of camera action. It is highly erratic. A dose of Dramamine is recommended before watching this movie. Perhaps it is a lack of the ability to actually plan a scene? Why plan when we can disguise the lack of scene planning with erratic camera movement????? It is hard to enjoy this movie, take in the scenes when the camera movement makes you sea sick.
031606792X|5.0|Having read all the negative comments before reading the book, I was a bit skeptical, but I really enjoyed it!  It is exactly as Stephenie Meyer said she was going to wrap it up, so I personally am not disappointed.
B0012Q732O|5.0|I was purely entertained by this film. And after all, isn't that what movies are all about? Obviously it's not true to the time period, but people didn't speak English back then either. But I didn't feel any of the misrepresentations took away from the film. It was well worth watching! And I have recommended it highly to everyone!
B000WZAE1I|5.0|Stardust is a movie that constantly takes my breath away each time I view it, everything about it, from the visuals, music, acting, characters to story are so beautiful and magical. This movie will definitely go down as a cult classic!<br /><br />FYI I bought this edition and the Region 4 dvd because I kept feeling like there were some changes made to the movie... and I was right. This Region 1 version has a few extra minutes of footage that the Region 4 dvd does not.
031606792X|5.0|While i was waiting for amazon to deliver my book...i was naturally curious to find out what other people who already bought the book thought about it. Despite reading some of the bad reviews, I can honestly say that I found everything that was said to be proven wrong.   This book was amazing and kept me wanting to read until the last page. Everything that happens in the book has a good reason behind it and the characters all prove that they deserve their happy ending! The way everything happens, as you read, you feel that it is definitely the way it was meant to be. The book is full of many pleasant suprises and brings out so many real emotions. Stephenie Meyer ended this saga perfectly.
B0017R5UAA|5.0|any band introduced as offering a \\"sound combining the baroque psychedelic pop of the '60s, sacred harp singing, gospel, and folk music\\" requires full attention.    especially when they back it up by selecting Pieter the Elder Bruegel's \\"The Blue Cloak\\" as the album cover. these guys are arteests.    it was the most fantastic way of discovering Fleet Foxes, too. I spent an unmeasured time in Good Records, in Dallas, TX, floating through the aisles of discs. one of the listening stations highlighted their self-titled LP, and I stopped to soak it in. the last time I remember the awe of discovery so fondly was when I imbibed Iron & Wine's Woman King EP. Fleet Foxes contains a band full of Sam Beams; haunting harmonies, layered and textured instruments, and lyrics laced with mesmerizing narratives (\\"Tiger Mountain Peasant Song\\").    one notes the echo of Jim James' vocals throughout the album, but Robin Pecknold's lead quickly billows into much more as his bandmates join the effort (\\"White Winter Hymnal\\"). some of the grooves also ring of My Morning Jacket (more Z than Evil Urges), but ultimately Fleet Foxes' depth and range of sound outstrips MMJ. on \\"He Doesn't Know Why,\\" whispers of the actual band James thread through the measures.    clearly, though, the standout track is \\"Your Protector.\\" hearing this the first time I thought, \\"This must be what it was like the first time `The Battle of Evermore' spun on your turntable.\\" yes, I really said that. the track can withstand that comparison. try it.    anticipating your fear that you don't have time to listen to all these tracks, I endeavored to suggest five solid pieces. I found, however, that deciding which tracks would remain was much like deciding which of my ten fingers I would choose to keep, had I the responsibility to sever the others. trust me - just listen to the whole set.
B0018RWD1S|5.0|I was recently turned on to this amazing and talented young woman.  I purchased her \\"Back to Black\\" album earlier this year and instantly fell in love with her music.  I was visiting a friend in Wash DC a few months ago and he had a few of her songs from A.W. \\"Frank\\" on his computer. He told me that she would have a deluxe edition coming out. Of course, when returned home to ATL I searched amazon.com and found the \\"Deluxe edition\\" of her \\"Frank Album\\" and ordered it. I have truly listened to this CD ever since I received it in the mail.  You will not be disappointed. SUPER SUPER SUPER Vocalist.  I love her despite the fact that she has a serious problem with her life on drugs right now. BUY this album now and Get hooked on A.W.
B00005N6KG|5.0|These headphones are far and away the best I have ever had. As a runner, I look for headphones that are lightweight and will stay in place while delivering top quality sound. These definitely deliver. I have had several pairs over the years and have always sought them out. They have carried me through 5 marathons and countless training runs.     Some reviewers have complained about the rough edge that can be on the earpiece. I admit I had one pair that had that problem and it was irritating, but I sanded it down with a nail file and had no further problems. I do buy new ones periodically, as I have just today because the left earpiece cracked and broke today, but bear in mind that I have had and used this pair for the past 4 years. For a $10 headset, I'd say that's pretty good.     As for sound quality, I am very picky about my music. I can't stand muffled sound or sound that has so much bass that the mid and high-range notes are lost. With these headphones, I hear nuances in familiar music that I'd never heard before. If you don't mind the in-the-ear aspect of these headphones, the quality is amazing! I recommend them highly.
031606792X|5.0|this is the best twilight saga book out of all 4!!!! i dont get all these 1 star reviews, the most anticipated book of the summer is being ruined by overly critical reviews :( I have to admit, im not done, i have about 6 chapters left, and it just keeps getting better and better. im a boy, and if i give a mostly romance book a 5, you KNOW its good! the mixed reviews of almost equal 1 and 5 star reviews is turning some new fans away from an awesome series!!!!! everyone should read this book regardless of age or gender :)
1401300529|5.0|While this is not a complete story about Americas Most Forgotten War- The Second Korean War. (We fought a brief Campaign in Korea during the Post Civil War Era of showing the Flag) It is however a brillantly written story of the fall of General of the Army Douglas MacArthur and one of our greatest military defeats of the Cold War. (Korea has a lot to teach us about the way the world works if we were to take heed of its lessons offered.)    While it has been previously & rightfully pointed out in the other reviews, some minor errors of details in this book. None the less the Author (who will be sorely missed by this reader) creates an excellent overview of the causes of the war & the tragic fall of a great but in no way perfect American Icon. Altogether this book is well worth the time and coin to get and read if one is interested in this period of American History.     As an added plus two forgotten but excellent - Generals Walker & Ridgeway are brought back into the light. Walker being the fellow who with an ill trained, equipped, supported and poorly led Army fought the Ruthless North Korean Army to a Standstill at the Pusan Perimeter.     Ridgeway who later on took over the 8th Army after the death of Walker in a jeep accident. Proceeded to make it into one of Americas Premier Fighting Armies and gave the Communist a severe whipping on the field. Ridgeway also later on helped delay Americas entry into Vietnam for almost 10 years.
0688172377|5.0|Desert Flower is as an excellent introduction to the nomadic culture of the Somali desert. Somalia, as described by Dirie, is a beautiful and dangerous place. The people who inhabit the desert must use all their strength to create a life using only sand and the little water that can be found. It is this strength that enabled Dirie to survive female genital mutilation, her flight across the desert to avoid an arranged marriage, living as a servant in England, and finally achieving success as a model.<br /><br />I thoroughly enjoyed this book, finding it to be easy to read and well-written. Dirie manages to describe the more intimate events in her life with just enough detail to get her point across. She is factual, but not over the top. I am now looking forward to reading the next book in the series, Desert Dawn.
031606792X|5.0|I can't believe that so many people were disappointed in this book. I loved this book just as much as the other three. The fact that Bella was good at being a vampire did not come as a surprise to me. I was really happy for her. Stephenie Meyer did such a good job in the other three books at making you fall in love with the characters, so the fact that Bella fits in so well and everyting turns out perfectly is exactly what should have happened for her and Edward. I think that having the baby was a nice twist as well as Jacob imprinting on Renesmee. Breaking Dawn was just as much of a page turner as Twilight, New Moon, and Eclipse.
0307387178|5.0|I have been fascinated with the story of Christopher McCandless ever since I first heard of him - a young man who walked off into the Alaskan wilderness to live off the land. When I visited Alaska in 2005, I found myself dreaming of backpacking the Yukon Trail and getting lost in the wilderness. For me, of course, it was just a pipe dream and I kissed it goodbye when I boarded the cruise ship that would take me home. McCandless, on the other hand, made his dream a reality. Unfortunately, his story does not have a happy ending.<br /><br />Jon Krakauer did a fantastic job of bringing the story of Chris McCandless to life. Krakauer, who also traveled to Alaska at the age of 23, gives the reader rare insight into McCandless' mindset. Using McCandless' letters, quotes from his favorite authors, and passages from books in his possession at the time of his death, Krakauer pieces together a portrait of a determined young man, a \\"leather tramp\\", and a decent and caring friend.<br /><br />Krakauer also manages to make the reader feel that he knows the answer to the big question: \\"Why would someone leave civilization behind and try to survive in the wilds f Alaska?\\"<br /><br />According the McCandless himself:<br /><br />\\"It is the experiences, the memories, the great triumphant joy of<br />living to the fullest extent in which real meaning is found. God<br />it's great to be alive! Thank you. Thank you.\\"<br /><br />Journal Entry dated 2/27/90<br /><br />I thoroughly enjoyed this biography and would recommend it to anyone who has ever felt the pull of nature or the call of a simpler existence.
B00005JKGK|5.0|I had pegged \\"The Joy Luck Club\\" as a \\"woman's movie\\" (whatever that may mean to anyone).  I had expected this to be more of a gender-focussed film that would make it as interesting to a male audience as a Rambo movie would be of interest to a female audience.  I watched it recently I confess that I was very very wrong.  This is a movie of so many dimensions that it defies any categorization other than \\"Great Movies\\".  It tells six seperate stories and uses a trio of mother/daughter experiences and relationships to tell those stories.  From the first to the last (and everything in between) these stories are woven together to give us all an insight to life and life's experiences.  The contrast between Old World and New World are as instruction as the generational differences that we all are familiar with.  Each story tells of an individual struggle against diverse challenges.  The movie amplifies it's greatness by allowing a willing audience to share in the revelations that mother and daughter, \\"aunts and nieces\\", as well as \\"cousins\\" discover about each other.  Each person grows from the discoveries in the stories that are shared and we, the audience, are all the better for the experience.    The acting is superb, the sets and costumes are outstanding, and the script and direction are first-rate.  Maybe you have heard all about this movie, seen it several times, read the book, or otherwise know that \\"The Joy Luck Club\\" is a modern screen classic.  I had the pleasure to discover that for myself and I am grateful for the experience.  There aren't that many movies anymore that catch me by surprise like this one.
B0000UJDLM|2.0|I was going to watch this with my six year old grand-daughter, but fortunately previewed it.  I barely recall seeing the movie when it came out many years ago and didn't recall how bad it was.  Not very entertaining and unnecessarily profane.
B0011NVC98|3.0|Numerous takes have been done on the Beowulf legend, but this is probably the most expensive one to date, and surely the most ironic one to date, in that it is animated, yet primarily for adults.  The twist on the story is new, Beowulf sleeps with Grendel's mother, who in turn bears a dragon as a child.  Beowulf then dies while stopping the dragon from destroying his kingdom.<br /><br />Several things to know before watching this movie.  First of, don't let the kids watch it.  The amount of blood, killing, cannibalism, and nudity should classify this as a rated R.  Second, the themes are complex, with adultery, revenge, and betrayal being strong throughout the movie.  Third, there is minimal humor, and the graphics are actually quite life-like.  For some reason, Beowulf looks astonishingly like Sean Bean, even though a different actor, Ray Winstone, voices him.  The other characters do look very similar to their voice actors and actresses.<br /><br />The movie itself progresses quickly, with lots of action scenes.  The ending is open, but I doubt a sequel would be made.  All in all, worth the time to watch it, though I would not buy the DVD.
0596101996|5.0|As a nuts and bolts kind of guy, I appreciate the layout and information available in the newest revision of this Book on JavaScript. If you're looking for a tutorial, this isn't it, but if you're looking for a reference manual, this is for you. Very cool book.
031606792X|5.0|I loved this book! It was my favorite of all four. I loved seeing Bella, and Edward grow up. It showed a natural progression of what love really is. It is so sad that in todays society young people think that they can have relationships and sex without any commitment to one another. The way Bella and Edward stayed commited to each other, got married before having sex was a great message. I hate that so many fans are upset about the baby. Bella was freaked out when she found out. Of course she didn't use birth control, because they all thought that pregnancy was inpossible. It was a fantastic twist, and a wonderful surprise. No one predicted this! My favorite quote was when Bella described her heart growing when she realized she was going to have a baby. That was the perfect quote of what motherhood is all about. I always thought that Bella would make Edward a little bit mortal. And she did with their daughter.
B00004Z4SD|5.0|In 1999, one of the most unusual pairings in Hollywood history formed to make a film telling the story of Alvin Straight's odyssey: David Lynch and Walt Disney Pictures. Lynch, arguably one of film's more daring storytellers, the mind behind Eraserhead, Blue Velvet and Twin Peaks, is absolutely the very last filmmaker I would ever have believed to team with Disney, except perhaps David Cronenberg. His films often navigate the darkest waters of the human experience with an unflinching eye for images both disturbing and nightmarish, and so naturally the idea that he'd done a film for Disney, a G-rated film at that, I could scarcely believe it. And I absolutely had to see for myself what could come of this most unexpected collaboration.    The Straight Story opens with Alvin Straight (played to perfection by the late Richard Farnsworth, an actor and former stuntman whose career dated back to the 1930's), who lives in Iowa and has just learned that his estranged brother Lyle, who lives in Wisconsin, has suffered a stroke. Alvin decides that it's time to put their feud behind them and wants to visit his brother and make peace while there's still time. The problem is that Alvin no longer has a driver's license because of his failing eyesight, and his pride is too strong to allow someone to drive him or take a bus. So Alvin attaches a small trailer to his John Deere riding mower and sets off on an epic journey.    As with most road movies, much of the story is told through Alvin's encounters with people he meets along the course of his travels. Upon meeting a hitchhiking young runaway (who has a big secret she's scared to disclose to her parents), Alvin offers these words, remembering a lesson he would often give to children:    \\"I'd give each one of 'em a stick, one for each one of 'em, then I'd say, 'You break that.' Course they could real easy. Then I'd say, 'Tie them sticks in a bundle and try to break that.' Course they couldn't. Then I'd say, 'That bundle... that's family.'\\"    As the story progresses, it is through these seemingly random encounters that we learn more of Alvin's story, and how he came to be the man who is determined to complete this journey. Alvin Straight appears on the surface to be a fairly simple man, but just beneath the surface lies a different person: a man who has made mistakes and while he accepts responsibility for them, he is still haunted by the things he has done and seen over the course of a lifetime. Little by little, we are allowed to see the person inside and in doing so, we learn perhaps a little about ourselves as well. Alvin is a proud man, and yet he is the first to admit that his pride has cost him dearly over the years. He is not a perfect person, and it is clear that he struggles daily with his demons.    It is rare that a filmmaker has the confidence with actors and the trust in the audience to allow moments of quiet; moments in which the story, the emotions, and the story are told only by the actors, and yet this film is largely comprised of soft, quiet scenes that propel the story far better than any soundtrack or flashy camera tricks ever could. As Alvin grows ever closer to his destination, his encounters with strangers become more complex and in the process we learn of the heartbreak and devastation he has endured over the course of his life. In a way, Alvin's journey is one of redemption, and not only in regard to mending fences with his brother. In one incredible scene, Alvin recounts his experiences of a war many years past and I dare anyone who sees it to not shed a tear for the innocence that was brutally torn from him and the impact those nightmares still have upon him.    The film itself is paradoxical; on one hand, it is a simple film with a simple story and a small cast. On the other hand, however, it is an emotionally rich and complex film that, despite the G-rating, never panders to the audience, instead trusting that Alvin's odyssey is largely a voyage of the soul and that the truths to his humanity are so universal that there is simply no need to explain them.    In a time when so-called \\"family\\" films rely too heavily on weak stories supplanted by excessive effects work and toilet humor, The Straight Story stands high above all others, offering a story of quiet dignity, the power of perseverance, and in the hands of a truly amazing cast, it works flawlessly. And in the end we learn, as is often the case, that it is the journey and not the destination in which the greater truths are often found.
B000FBGBPC|2.0|This is one of those CD's where the sample tracks are better then the actual songs cause they sure fooled me. Listening to the samples here on Amazon I thought to myself \\"wow, these guys sound great, I have to get their album.\\"<br /><br />Never buy an album based upon sample tracks alone or you'll end up with something like this. Oh don't get me wrong, some of the songs are pretty good, but for the most part it's just a bunch of Gothic punk \\"rockers\\" singing about how selfish they are and how much life sucks. Look, I can appreciate songs about pain, we all suffer every now and then, but this CD goes over the top so bad that I was rolling my eyes more then anything else. At least a third of the songs are about pain and suffering and how much life sucks and blah blah blah, let's go cut ourselves. It's just too much. A few songs would be more then fine with me, but almost the whole album? And its done with so little feeling and emotion that I couldn't help but wonder if they were really singing from the heart or just playing what they think we want to hear.<br /><br />It isn't all bad though. Some songs, like the opener \\"Its All Over\\" and \\"Never Too Late\\" rescue this album from the being completely worthless and give it at least enough life to warrant a two star rating. Three Days Grace does have a great vocalist, but their sound isn't as great as many other bands I've heard. Its rather bland overall.<br /><br />So just skip X-One; it's nothing special and isn't worth your time or money. You may enjoy a few of the songs, but for the most part, unless you like angst punk rockers singing about how awful their lives are, you'll probably be bored through most of the tracks; at least I was.
B000E6UWE4|2.0|I can't get into this one. I've started it 3 times, and I never get more than halfway through before I get bored with it. I wish I could love the series as much as everyone else seems to, but it just falls flat for me. I know persistence can sometimes pay off (I took me 3 tries for both Lord of the Rings and Wheel of Time), but I don't think this one is going to make it for me.
031606792X|5.0|What a wonderful ending to a wonderful series. Stephenie Meyer is the queen of young adult literature. I've been reading the reviews and have been appalled at what some of the fans have been saying......what is this \\" Don't burn it, return it \\" stuff all about ? How cruel. Ms. Meyer was very honest with us from the begining \\" you can't make everyone happy ( or the famous philosopher Mick Jagger stated \\" you can't always get what you want )This is a young adult book...you should not have hot sex scene's, if this is what you like, move up to adult romance. As a book seller I can recommend some great reads to you. As far as Edward and Bella ending  up together....oh come on, like you didnt see it coming! If Bella and Jacob were to have ended  up together, he would have ended up breaking her heart ( no imprinting ) Would you have wanted this to have happened to the both of them? And how did you think Bella and Edward could end up spending eternity together with out her turning ? There was some great writing and scenes in this book... you must admit this. To name a few, her pregnancy and how it effected her as well as the entire Cullen family, the birth, the turning Ms. Meyer's descriptions were so amazing, you could visualize it, and what about the volturi, the judgement, the twist with Alice and Jasper. A good story  is just that, a good story. Well. I'm going to keep the complete series and proudly display them at home, and keep on recommending them to my customers. I would like to leave you with this one thought...If Stephane Meyer were not such a good storyteller, would you have been this passionate about and ending ? Happy reading !
B000093BDX|4.0|Cool music of the days gone bye...great music for sing along while doing the boring exercise just pass'in the treadmill time away.  Yes, singing on the treadmill in one's mind's eye...
0743277708|4.0|I've waited for years to read this book, and by and large it didn't disappoint.  Great story, interesting characters, largely fast flowing plot, and mostly a good metaphor:  the metaphor of breaking from the herd, breaking from the old way, treating life as an adventure to be tackled, and taking risk and using ingenuity to accomplish a mission.  I loved all that, and loved its message about the complacency of hutch rabbits (average humans!) - and how weak and lost we become when complacency takes over.<br /><br />BUT...<br /><br />The metaphor of the story ultimately breaks down because it becomes a \\"happily ever after\\" story.  The whole purpose of the rabbits' ultimate mission in the second half of the book is to find ways to attract or procure female rabbits so they can mate, have babies, and just...ultimately live average, complacent lives.  I admired their ingenuity in achieving this end, but what kind of message is this \\"end\\" in our modern world?  Just more dating, mating, and procreating - exactly the complacency that is KILLING OUR PLANET.<br /><br />It's time for a new way:  forget breeding like rabbits, stop the cycle of overpopulation, stop the spread of our species into new untamed lands, and instead scale back.  Go within and heal our ancient wounds.  Had the book had this message I would have liked it a thousand times more.<br /><br />Two other criticisms:  1) I found the mythical rabbit-and-God folktales within the book, the ones the rabbit storytellers told, to be EXTREMELY DULL.  Once I realized they were not remotely an intrinsic part of the story I skipped them - whole chapters - to no great loss.  That sped things up a lot.  2) The literary quotations at the beginning of each chapter were distracting and irrelevant, so after a few chapters I mostly ignored them.
0440241030|5.0|As a big Reacher fan I struggle to find good books of a similar genre, but if you are the same try the `Soft Target novels by Conrad Jones. They are as good if not better than most. As far as thrillers go this is one of the best Reacher books. The latest Harry Bosch novel Overlook is excellent but too short. Oh well back to looking for a good read again !!
B0010X745K|3.0|Stephen King is usually overhyped garbage but this movie was fun and pretty well made.  Granted perhaps time hasnt be kind to the Shining, and It seems downright goofy (\\"Hey! It's Seth Green!\\") but come on.  Maximum Overdrive.  However the Mist taps into something primal and for that it works.      Fear of the unknown is powerful, as is fear of what you can't see.  As such naturally the characters slowly turn to someone who seems to know whats going on.  Granted she's a nut but some of her ramblings start to sync up and thats more than enough for those with fear.    Some have complained about that crazy Christian lady as being unrealistic, but I'm not sure I can agree.  Well known religious leaders have blamed 9-11 or Katrina on all sorts of stuff, many of which the crazy lady parallels.  Remember, just because a character might represent certain Christians, they arent a stand in for all Christians.     Also the ending was pretty good and something worth seeing.  It will certainly rub many the wrong way but don't let the thought of some bad ending dissuade you from seeing the movie.
B00006I8RI|5.0|One of Ozzy's best classic album. The songs are more fast matel past. Most songs in this cd are not in the best of. Thanks to Ozzy we get a new generation of metal bands. Seen Ozzy in concert many times, but go crazy when he sings Shot in the Dark.
B0017WI5VQ|5.0|I found Adele about  year ago on Myspace. I was instantly taken with the single Best for Last. I searched online for the CD because I had to here more from the person who posessed this voice I can only describe as \\"chunky butter\\"; unexpected and smooth. I absolutely couldn't find her anywhere not even in the record stores. I waited patiently because I knew she would not get away in the age when her type of music is such a breath of fresh air. I've had the CD in my hands for 3 days now and it's been all I expected. I can't stop listening to it. I still enjoy Best for Last but I seem to repeat Chasing Pavement, Make You Feel My Love which was one of my faves from Garth Brooks. But, I'd have to say Melt My Heart to Stone and Right as Rain are my favorites and touch me personally. I haven't listened to a CD this much since Corrine Bailey Rae. I didn't think to compare Adele to Amy Winehouse until I read a comment here. Although I understand the comparison there is something in Adele's voice that is so well rounded. Her voice reminds me of Sunday afternoon; patient, comfortable, strong but peaceful and not tormented. Her voice makes you want to play her in the background when you're entertaining friends or someone special for the evening. It's nice to see there are at least 12 songs in this world that maintain class, heart and beauty. I can't wait to hear more from Adele.
031606792X|5.0|I loved this book!  I don't know if it my favorite of the series, but it's probably a close second.  I loved that Stephenie Meyer was able to surprise me, over and over again!  I was never that excited for Bella to become a vampire, but after reading this book, I'm glad she did. Seth was a great character to get to know, and I really liked hearing Jacob's point of view, even though I'm not a huge Jacob fan.  And I loved that there was a happy ending.  After reading the first three books over and over again, I put my trust in Stephenie that we would have a happy ending, and I was truly rewarded.  Great book, great ending! Yea!
B0019HQIFE|5.0|Awesome audiophile sound on this disc. Other than the Rolling Stones concert this is a great disc to use for showing off your home theater! Video quality , excellent as well.
B0017TWUZG|4.0|Good movie...Surpassed the first one.  Couple of scenes that you could tell were cut in the middle.  The end was amazing.
B00009W0U4|1.0|This was, without question, one of the worst films I have ever seen.  The camera work was shoddy with way too much movement (my wife was getting dizzy watching it), and the colors were completely washed out in the few daylight scenes.  A total waste of money.  I'd give it zero stars if Amazon would let me.
6305127689|3.0|This product was described  and delivered here in timely fashion,drama  with action  this makes for a seriously good movie.
B00139XZF4|2.0|Seems like the whole movie was made just to set up a sequel, unfinished movie. The end doesn't complete the journey.
0812580346|5.0|My habit as a reader is to track down everything written by an author I find I enjoy--the problem being, I run out of authors and books. That is why finding someone I've never encountered before, who already has been writing for years, is such a treat. Robert J. Sawyer fills this need for me. He does wonderful characters, using intriguing premises which he explores fully, in ways that make sense when read, but which I (for one) would never think of in advance. That's what happens here--given the opportunity to look ahead, would you take the opportunity? What would be the ramifications? Sawyer writes books not only for hard-core SF fans, but also, as I've learned by passing his stuff on to others, he also writes SF for people who profess to hate the stuff. I've chosen this title at random to comment upon; all of his work is well worthwhile.
0446618306|3.0|I've read all of Nicholas Sparks' previous novels and this is one of my least favorites...maybe it's cause I just couldn't relate the prim and proper female character or really feel a part of this \\"great connection\\" they supposedly had.  The relationship between John and his Dad is very touching as is the end but not sure I'd recommend this to anyone.
031606792X|1.0|Preface: I am a fan of the first three books, while acknowledging that they are not Dickens. They were fun and relevant and enjoyable.     The first books of the series held potential - they were books about the human condition, even if spoken of in terms of vampires. There was loss and gain and even though there were rough spots, the characters eventually pulled themselves up (for the most part). That makes good literature.    This book was 800 pages of ridiculousness. There was some rising action and after the first big \\"surprise\\" (which was, again, ridiculous) I was willing to give the book the benefit of the doubt. I had a moment or two where I laughed when I was supposed to and not because I thought the book was so awful. These moments? Lead to nothing. There is NO conflict and the book is basically just a big \\"And then this happened and then this happened and then this happened\\".    Don't bother. Just pretend the series ends at Eclipse.
0140157352|4.0|I wasn't about to read the book at all until my Proffesor demanded his students to do the assignment to read and write 10 great ideas about the containts of the book.  I found a lot of examples the author uses to imply a negotiation in our life, and especially on business.  I haven't finished reading it but planned to do it.
B0019FOC5E|5.0|Heard the music and saw the movie TWICE!  This was the most FUN movie I think I have seen -EVER!  As far as Pierce Brosnan's singing - he did great in a very new area for him and besides the rest of the cast made up for any weakness he might have had.  (And really ladies - who needs a great voice when a guy looks like he looks?)
B000060MMI|5.0|This album served as my introduction to Flogging Molly, and it's one of the few albums that I will listen to without the urge to skip any songs.  I think part of the reason for this is the variety- you get your slow songs, faster songs and the pure energy songs.  Album highlights for me include, well, almost every song on the album!  I can't help but sing along to most of the songs, and the album has so much energy that it's great for parties or just re-energizing after a long day.  Highly recommended.
031606792X|5.0|Like all the other books by Stephenie Meyer, I loved this one too. This was actually my favorite of the Twilight series. I didn't think it felt rushed, in fact the pace was kind of nice and I was completely immersed in this fantasy world once again. The only bad thing is that the series is over now.
B00004Z459|1.0|had nothing else! they deserved one star for the hard to reach places.....listen to pantera
B0011HF6GE|5.0|not my normal choice of music, but this album is so good.  get it.
0312323867|4.0|I'm actually surprised that I like this book a little better than Something Borrowed simply because there was a character development in Darcy that wasn't there with Rachel. Rachel was basically the exact same-- except she lost a best friend by the end. I mean, she still waited for the guy and took him back without confronting him about his lack of earlier action. She remained kind of a nice but passive character throughout. Darcy, by the end of Something Blue, turned out to be a much stronger character I found. She still had some of her spunky attitude and her determination to go after what she wanted, but she lost a lot of her selfishness from earlier and did the stand-up thing.     Even though Darcy was a HUGE pain in the first half, you can't help but feel a little sorry for her. After all, she just lost her man of 7 years and her best friend of 25. Not that it excuses anything, but she didn't cheat on Dex until after Dex and Rachel started a serious thing together. And even by the whole closet incident, she seemed to care more about her friendship with Rachel when she came and told her the truth. And her endless obsession with Dex/Rach really showed that she was more insecure than she realized. Her attempt to get Dex back was at the same time crazy, dispicable, pathetic and even a little sad. Seven years is a long time to just forget in a minute.     You also realize how Darcy became such a self-centered woman. Her parents raised her to think she was the best, especially her mother. Then her best friend accepts everything she does without question for 25 years. Like why did no one call her out on the Notre Dame thing earlier or countless other issues? Even Dex kind of just sits by for many years and even seemed amused by her behavior until they break up.     And I think the romantic development between Darcy and Ethan was more interesting as well. They had a little 5th grade romance, then they didn't particularly like each other for a while and Ethan was Rachel's primary confidant while she was going behind Darcy's back. He teaches her things and helps her become a better person. Darcy, in turn, also brings out the best in him when he cares so much about her pregnancy even if its not his child. And Ethan turned out to be a much more stand-up guy than Dexter, especially with Darcy's pregnancy. And I think Darcy handled her relationship with Geoffrey well, just as Ethan did with his girlfriend. That's the way to go-- end things when you know it's not working instead of lying, cheating and going behind their backs.     I missed Hillary though. She was such an awesome character. LOVE her.
B0007TKNIS|4.0|I was in highschool when the musical debuted with Michael Crawford and Sarah Brightman in 1986. I have been familiar with Weber's music and the voices tied to the characters that became an overnight phenomenon world wide.     However, I did not have an opportunity to see the stage show (until just this year) so was delighted when they had made a movie of it. Thank you, Joel Schumacker! The movie tied the music and the story line together and I have been hooked since. So it was for obvious reasons why I purchased the movie soundtrack as well as the movie DVD.    I am amazed and a little dismayed over the reaction Gerard Butler received as the movie Phantom. I knew nothing of this actor prior to this film. After seeing the movie, I was in love with this man and had to learn who he was and anything else about him. Off to the internet I went in search of this actor who made such an impression on me. I learned that Gerry (as he likes to be called) was not a stage-trained vocalist before he took on this role. Now, some people say that was obvious as they did not like his vocals. Many fans are true to the original London cast. And that's OK. But does that mean you cannot be open minded and realistic enough to know that Michael Crawford is not and will not be the only man to ever portray our beloved Phantom?    It would have been disastrous to have Mr. Crawford portray the Phantom for the movie. It would have been even more disastrous if Sarah Brightman played Christine. The point is these 2 beloved people are past the age where they can realistically play these young roles. It was much more realistic to have younger fresh actors. Christine was only 16 years old in the original novel. The Phantom was in his very early forties. The actors chosen were spot on age wise. Emmy Rossum was 16 when she signed on. She also trained at the Metropolitan Opera at the age of 7. Gerard Butler was 34. A tad younger, but it didn't really matter yet it was more acceptable that a 34 year oldrecluse would be sexually attracted to a 16 year old budding diva and vice versa.    I am a trained singer. I have sung in the finest concert halls of Europe. I have heard many, many trained vocalists. BUT NONE OF THEM DO TO ME WHAT GERARD BUTLER'S VOICE DOES TO ME. It doesn't bother me at all that he is not a classically trained vocalist. In fact, after finding out that he wasn't trained when he took on this challenge, made me admire him even more. While I was listening to POTO for the first time, you couldn't tell me that he wasn't trained. I knew his vocals were much different than Michael Crawford's, but I felt his voice fit the role for the film. Gerard has a deeper, richer, fuller voice that is sexy as heck and a voice that I now prefer over Mr. Crawford's tinnier, higher tenor.    Gerard's raw passionate performance knocked me off my feet. I fell in love with Gerry after watching Phantom because of the way he moved me so. His voice is so seductive and rich and sexy and captivating. His \\"Music of the Night\\" leaves me breathless. His \\"Point of No Return\\" seduces the heck out of me (and the entire female population). His sad, pleading \\"All I Ask of You\\" before Christine rips his mask off during \\"Don Juan Triumphant\\" is heartbreaking. Heartwrenching, growling \\"Down Once More\\" has me crying for his pain. He grips me in the core of my womanhood and won't let go. In this way I feel like I am Christine....drawn to the hypnotic power of his voice and the raw sensuality that draws me to him. I can't explain it, I can only FEEL it. And I can't get enough of him.    Emmy Rossum's Christine was a standout, breakout performance. This young lady CAN SING! Her voice is so clear and vibrant and sexy and she possess an incredible range. And she's beautiful to boot. This gal has a future in music and movies. I would keep an eye on this one!    I also feel Patrick Wilson's Raoul was fresh and much more developed than the stage version. He becomes the swashbuckling hero, and lover trying to protect his Christine from a murdering lunatic. Patrick's voice is just angelic and beautiful, but he lacks the passion that Gerard seems to have in spades.      Although Minnie Driver did not sing her own vocals, her performance was without a doubt brilliant as La Carlotta. She sings the ending title song \\"Learn to Be Lonely\\". She does a beautiful job.    Miranda Richardson's Madame Giry was classy and elegant, and more developed as a character who knew more than she was telling as opposed to the stick-thumping 'evil step-mother' portrayal on stage.    The orchestrations are slightly different than the musical but all in all, it is the same music we all fell in love with back in 1986. The orchestrations are fuller with 110 piece orchestra, 90 voice choir and an added guitar that gives this familiar music a fresh rock n roll edge, but not enough to take away from the classic orchestrations we all love.    I truly admire and LOVE ALL the performances of the movie. The sets and costumes are lavish and stunning.    Gerard, while not a trained singer, put his entire heart and soul into this role and rose to the challenge and did the best job anybody could have hoped to do. That to me, no matter what the critics say, impresses and amazes me the most and Gerard deserves the credit of a job exceptionally well done.     If you are a fan of Weber's musical - you need to see this movie!
B000TFINY6|5.0|Season was really cool...  VQ is amazing...  but my 5th disk was actually the first disk labeled as the 5th.  what the hell
B000002UR7|2.0|Today, I made an amusing discovery in the bottom of one of my desk drawers - the cassette tape single from when this album first came out of \\"Creep.\\"  I was 12 years old at the time, and like many people who went through adolescence in the early nineties, I had just really started to get heavily into music thanks to Nirvana.  I loved \\"Creep\\" when I first heard it, so I picked up this single, and if you've never heard it, the B-Side of \\"Creep\\" is a song called \\"Faithless, the Wonder Boy,\\" and it truly is outstanding (unfortunate that it wasn't put on Pablo Honey).  So, I bought this album (back in the day), and while I still loved the two songs on the \\"Creep\\" single, the majority of Pablo Honey didn't do much for me.      I was thinking that Radiohead was just another \\"Nirvana clone,\\" (as a LOT of people were), so it took me until O.K. Computer came out to give them another chance.  Of course, I've been a huge fan of pretty much everything they've released since that point (and even before it - \\"The Bends\\" is probably my FAVORITE Radiohead album).    But, enough rambling, it's been many years since I listened to Pablo Honey as a whole album, and my musical tastes have evolved quite a bit from when it first came out, so I was kind of expecting that these past 15 years would help me appreciate it more.    Unfortunately, that wasn't the case.  While I pretentiously dismissing the album for pathetic reasons (as I had back in the day), the music it contained still just didn't resonate with me (for the most part - \\"Stop Whispering,\\" and \\"You\\" are pretty sweet songs).  In particular, I couldn't help thinking \\"why am I listening to this, when I could be listening to \\"The Bends,\\" or \\"OK Computer?\\"  The album is extremely straightforward, and really doesn't hint much at the direction this band was going to take.    Oh well, I'm sure glad they DID got that direction.  Pablo Honey may still not be my favorite album, but Radiohead is definitely still one of my favorite bands.
B000TGJ8AS|4.0|Sorry I have no review since this is a birthday gift for my granddaughter whose birthday is not here yet.
0330375695|4.0|Having read this 'must-read' when it first was published, I was an immediate Bridget Jones fan. Now, years later, I've re-read it, and have to wonder why in modern society, it is still considered imperative for a woman to find a man? Helen Fielding herself has admitted that Bridget Jones Diary is based on Pride and Prejudice. In fact, she wrote it whilst watching BBC's version of the Jane Austen classic. Nothing wrong with that. Except - it was more important for Elizabeth Bennet to find a husband (or else risk not surviving, literally) than it is for Bridget Jones, a modern girl in a developed world.    Having gotten that bit of feminism off my back, I must say that the book is good. It has become the epitome of the chik lit, with many laugh-out-loud moments.
B000W8FYEC|5.0|As Ali always said thats how Jack Reacher always appears. But bad in a good way. He always is after the worse types and his pursuit and plans to capture and do away with them is what makes the novels so very interesting. I have always found his books to be page turners and cannot say I have read one of them without complete enjoyment in the fiction genre. Never hesitate to pick up one of his books they will always prove to be interesting.
0393327345|5.0|Outstanding book!<br /><br />Power animals, split personality disorders, soap, fighting, mayhem, support groups, tainted food, castration, the book has a little bit of everything.........<br /><br />I unfortunately saw the movie, at least 5 times before getting around to reading this book. If you haven't seen the movie yet, STOP, read the book first!<br /><br />I've read two other books by Chuck Palahniuk, this one is the best so far!<br /><br />\\"Fight Club\\" is excellent, the characters, the dialogue. It's all amazing!<br /><br />There are so many good lines in this book, its hard to describe, but here are my favorites-<br /><br />\\"If your a male, and you're Christian and living in America, your father is your model for God. And sometimes you find your father in your career.\\"<br /><br />\\"Tyler Durden the great, who was perfect for one moment, and who said that a moment is the most you could ever expect from perfection.\\"<br /><br />\\"How everything you ever love will reject you or die. Everything you ever create will be thrown away. Everything you're proud of will end up as trash. I am Ozymandias, king of kings.\\"<br /><br />There are 8 simple rules for \\"Fight Club\\"=<br /><br />1.You don't talk about fight club.<br />2.You don't talk about fight club.<br />3.When someone says stop, or goes limp, even if he's just faking it, the fight is over.<br />4.Only two guys to a fight.<br />5.One fight at a time.<br />6.They fight without shirts or shoes.<br />7.The fights go on as long as they have to.<br />8.If this is your first night at fight club, you have to fight.<br /><br />The movie adaption of this book, follows the novel pretty close! Ed Norton and Brad Pitt could'nt have done a better job!<br /><br />Highly recommended to everyone and especially Palahniuk fans that may never have read (Chuck's 1st book)!
B000008JUM|5.0|Porter's good old standards; we all know them.  But, I never could have imagined them done to such beats, with such rhythms.  Brilliant and fun; a great discovery.
B0012GVKW8|5.0|Over the last 4 months, I've read many reviews on the blu-ray picture quality of Predator. Many have bashed it as terrible looking transfer, however I am here to dispute it with proof. After much hesitation, I finally decided to purchase it from a retail store.<br /><br />I popped in the blu-ray Predator into both my Panasonic BD30 and PS3 (for comparison), which is attached to my Pioneer Plasma PDP-5020 via HDMI, and would you believe the picture was outstanding. Of course, it doesn't look as good as other films that were released in past few years but this is best I have ever seen Predator look, with no distracting grain, digital noise or fuzziness as others have claimed. The picture actually pops with trees and jungle leaves showing lots of detail. I have attached 2 pictures so you can see how good it looks on my display.<br /><br />The reasons why I think this blu ray looks terrible for all the reviewers (Pros and consumers)is because they have HDTV's that do not have 1) deep dark levels 2) 24 FPS and 3) Digital Noise Reduction capable displays. Pioneers are way ahead of all other HDTV's and here is the proof.<br /><br />Before you decide to bash the blu-ray version of Predator, first ask yourself if your HDTV is really up to performing at its highest level.<br /><br />If you would like to see more screen shots, I have attached my email address to the pictures.
031606792X|4.0|I jumped on the Twilight train last weekend, buying the first three books and reading them each in a day.  Luckily for me, Breaking Dawn had just been released and I was able to get a hold of that.  I definitely enjoyed the series and loved feeling involved in the characters and romances.  I did have problems with how Jacob talked to Bella at times, and knew that if I was her, I would not be so quick to forgive! I am a happy ending girl so for those of you who read the story, you already know I was pleased!    The real thing that bothers me is the Young Adult label.  There has been so much controversy over the Harry Potter books in schools today due to the \\"evil\\" subject manner. I majored in Elementary Education and had my 5th Graders pouring over those books for reading points. I can only imagine they have moved on to Twilight and it kind of bothers me that they would read this book! The sexual matter and birth of Nessie alone would be more than inappropriate, in my mind.    Everyone has an opinion and a thought on age appropriateness but I was just bothered by this thought. Of course, the age range is said to start at 9th grade but we all know younger kids will be getting their hands on it.
0316067601|4.0|A close look at SEAL training and missions of the SEALS. What can happen when tried and true procedures are not followed.
031606792X|3.0|Like everyone else, I was dying to get my hands on a copy of eclipse. I even went so far as to buy two copies. I got one mailed to my house, and because I was traveling at the time and couldn't wait, bought one at the airport. All I can truly say is the only part worth reading are the first three chapters. After the honey moon the book just develops into this cheesy, badly written, super OOC story that resembles some of the worst fanfiction out there! I am not kidding. (SPOILERS) The whole story had nothing that differs from awful fanfiction except the whole jake imprinting on Nessie ordeal, which is just beyond creepy! Evrything else, the pregnancy, telling charlie, and everything miraculously working out all right is totally predictable. Honestly I give it a 2.5 rating, because there are some good moments (the emmett and blond jokes anyone?)but honetly, I've read tons of fanfiction out there more worthy of being published than that piece of unimaginative, cliche, out of character piece of crap.     The main problem was that the whole image Meyer had created of the characters and their personalities was destroyed in BD. Fans thought they knew Edward, Bella and all the rest. However, the way they react in BD is so far fetched and just plain WEIRD, that you wonder who the hell wrote the book cause it sure doesn't seem like SM. I felt her the first three chapters, but after that it was like she cut and pasted someone else's crappy fanfiction. For me, the book ends after the beach scene, the last scene where apparently S Meyer wasn't on drugs yet. Honestly, the only character that stayed sort of constant was Jake, and that was until he imprinted. Afterward he was just plain gross.     Like I said before, all the critism the book gets is true. It kinda sucks. It's way to unrealistic to be acceptable. Yes, it's about vamps, but that doesn't mean their REACTION have to be unbelievable. Part of Meyers charm was that despite the subject matter she made us sympathize with Weres and Vamps. In BD, she streched the truth way too much. Basically, she over did it to the point it got ridiculous!
B000MR9D5E|2.0|I watched the recent \\"Planet Earth\\" series on the Discovery Channel and wanted to get the DVD, so I bought this product. Unfortunately, this is a completely different \\"Planet Earth\\" product that was shot for the BBC and it doesn't feature the astounding high definition photography and imagery from the Discovery Channel version.    I returned this version and bought the better one at [...].
B00004S6GL|5.0|There is no doubt in my mind that this sits at the same height as The Beatles' greatest work and should be listened to by everyone who likes them.  While it is admittedly much more down in the lyrical content, the melodies are sublime and joyous in a way.  I started out with Either/Or but this is much, much better, and next I'll be getting his self titled.    Regardless of whether you like his early albums, here Elliot Smith is at the peak of his compositional powers and you should definitely listen to this album.
0061438294|5.0|This book can not only help you to be more aware of when to probe further about whether what someone says is inconsistent with what they may be feeling, but it also can help you be more aware of the messages you may be sending by your gestures, posture, etc. One of the things I like most about this book is that the author sets the expectation that you won't be able to know the \\"truth\\" based only on body language but that awareness of body language will help you to understand when you should be paying attention to other details of your interaction with someone. Anyone who works with people, especially in a customer-facing role, would benefit from reading this book.
B0015FHDRW|4.0|So there is this \\"new\\" band that put out an album with an oh so familiar voice. And, yeah know what, it's pretty darn good... Who'd a thunk?  BUT  This still doesn't take the pressure off the boys to produce another authentic Green Day album like they promised!  Get busy boys, your fans are waiting!!!
031606792X|2.0|Pretty much all of the awful aspects of this book have been discussed thousands of times...so I'm going to keep this simple.  The characters were, well...completely out of character.  Half the characters seemed to do a complete 180, and not even in a good way, and some (like Rosalie) were still one-dimensional characters even after four books.  It didn't flow at all with the rest of the series.  It was really terribly written, and SM has once again proved to us that she needs a thesaurus.  Everything was wrapped up in a neat little bow at the end, so it was extremely anti-climactic with little to no conflict.  \\"Oh my god the Volturi is going to kill us!  ALL OF US!  Oh wait, nvm\\".  Stephenie Meyer's excuse for not explaining pivotal plot twists (such as...you know, how the hell Bella got preggers from a guy that's technically been dead for 90 years) in the book were that she's going to explain it in the stupid guide thing that she's publishing in December, which is basically saying \\"I'm shamelessly ripping off the Harry Potter series!\\".  Her universe is not nearly comprehensive enough to need a guide.  Really terrible choice.  We all know the Twilight series is not a well written saga, but this was just...wow.  If I hadn't bought the book while on vacation I would have returned it.  It had it's moments, which is why I give it a two.  There were some cute parts with Bella and Edward, but once it got past book one, it all went downhill.  Reading about Jacob's angst in book two was probably the most boring thing I've ever had to sit through.  And of course, book three was pretty much an atrocity.  Bella's oh so tragic martyr character was the cause of many' o'eye-rolls.  I wish I hadn't read this book, I would rather pretend it was left as a trilogy, honestly.  I felt that it really ruined the series.
031606792X|2.0|Things I don't like about this book  - The magic of Bella/Edward's relationship is no longer there, I hope SM could write more Bella/Edward's moment :(  - The fact that Jacob imprinted Bella's daughter (I don't think it's wrong to imprint a baby but I think it's wrong to imprint your love's child)  My reaction on the name Renesmee  I don't know why people hate this name so much, sure it's a weird name but it's UNIQUE and it's supposed to suit the baby-one of a kind, maybe you guys know where the name came from (combination of Renee and Esme)so when you see it, you don't like it, but think of it as A name, not a COMBINATION of 2 names, you guys would see it's not weird at all.    Anyway, although I did NOT ENJOY the book, I don't think all the bashings is necessary. You don't like the book because it's not what you wanted it to be, but do not say SM's writing sucks because it does NOT. It's her book and she can write whatever she wants!
031606792X|5.0|First, I appreciate everyone's comments, both good and bad. I suppose with expections so high and different, some will be disappointed. My feelings after completing BD, and before reading any reviews or feedback on the internet, were similar to many of the positive reviews on this site, for reasons already nicely explained. I was entertained throughout. There were surprises, suspense, and I laughed more reading BD than the first three. And the happy ending? That is what I expect from a romance, and in getting to that happy ending I was entertained.
031606792X|5.0|I think the ending was phenomenal. It had everything that I wanted for Bella and Edward. I don't get why so many people said that it was unsatisfactory. Did they all want tragedies or something? I loved the \\"happily ever after\\" ending.
B0018YIW4S|5.0|This is one of the best albums ever recorded.  You can't touch UFO live
031606792X|2.0|I was a fan from the beginning. I loved Twilight. I read it before it got big. I didn't like New Moon as much when I read it and Eclipse put a damper on my spirit. The books have just gone downhill for me personally and so I can never really say that I was a \\"big\\" fan. In hopes that the final book, Breaking Dawn, would revive this series back to life it did exactly the opposite. I can really and truly see now why exactly fans are so disappointed. Yes, many like the book and I won't argue with you. I have a friend that liked it but that's her opinion and I respect it. I have mine too. I did not like the book. To put it simply, this book was indeed a cheese fest. And so, with the rest of this review (yes there's more), I will say as a forewarning to those that take offense from bad reviews, to not read any more if they don't want to be offended. And so, I will start with the CONS, because it's good to get the bad stuff out of the way first.<br /><br />WARNING - SPOILERS<br /><br />Let me add first, as a sort of forward to the cons, that I do NOT believe in these books as sending off any sort of \\"message\\" to its readers. And NO I do not believe in Bella being any kind of example for teenage girls nor the relationship between Edward and Bella. These, to me, are strictly fantasy. This is a work of FICTION, therefore people should be able to distinguish fantasy from reality. If you can't do that then you more than likely need help.<br /><br />CONS for the book Breaking Dawn:<br />-Confusing part about Charlie. After Jacob \\"phased\\" in front of Charlie he told him to go see Bella. There's some really weird saying that he keeps saying and it's driving me nuts. \\"Need to know.\\" What exactly is that supposed to mean? It never explains what exactly Charlie is so confused about, which makes the whole scene, or rather chapter, confusing for the reader. \\"Need to know.\\" I don't get it.<br />-Emmett's stupid jokes about Bella's apparently \\"tame\\" sex (in which they arm wrestle over and it's completely stupid and unnecessary). The part is cheesy and it's just like, all of a sudden that Emmett starts bugging Bella about her and Edward's sex lives.<br />-Meyer's usage of the vampires \\"lunging\\" or \\"leaping\\" or explaining them doing things impossible to imagine is another cheesy element in this book. I really don't remember them doing things like this in the previous books. At least not as vividly. She just does it SO much in this book that it's so dumb. I rolled my eyes every time I read about one of them \\"leaping across the river\\" or doing odd things such as \\"snarling\\". I'm sorry but every time she describes them as snarling I just imagine them as dogs. Just the way that Meyer describes their movements and such, it's just hard to imagine and the way that I image it makes them look retarded. Don't know if she intended that..<br />-Jacob becomes a nuisance by staying with the Cullens. Imprinting is a big change but it's like it changed his whole personality. Needless to say, he went from smart to stupid and tolerant to annoying.<br />-Edward's \\"frozen\\" state of \\"shock\\" when Bella tells him she's pregnant. Come on, you're THAT shocked? You're going to make your wife feel THAT bad by sitting on the floor?<br />-It's stupid, (and oh so coincidental!) that the woman that came to the island to clean knew something about Edward being a vampire and Bella carrying some kind of succubus or something. That was TOO much. It made everything so unrealistic and corny. Out of all the cleaning ladies in the world, they just happened to come across one that knew who he was.<br />-It's SOOOO, a MILLION time SO STUPID that they had to have people come out to the island to CLEAN their room for them. It was just feathers! They couldn't have cleaned it themselves? Jeez they make shredded pillows out to be like spilt paint and garbage all over a bed and carpet.<br />-I didn't understand why the Cullens had Bella in the living room when she was pregnant. Clearly, if she wasin that much danger of dying then wouldn't they have her on a bed upstairs or something? Laying down out of the way? It's like their lives revolve around the living room.<br />-When Bella is literally dying on the table Nessie bites her and Edward is like \\"No Renesmee\\". Jacob said it sounded as if he was trying to teach it manners. Huh? What the heck? Why would you do that when your wife is dying on the table?<br />-It's clear that they cut open Bella's stomach to get out Nessie but there's no mention of any scars or her being sewn up.<br />-Edward and Bella seem to switch personalities in the beginning. Edward acts all emo and Bella is all \\"positive\\".<br />-Why does Bella like eggs so much? You'd think that, as many days as she ate eggs on the island, that she wouldn't want anymore but no! She wanted them when the Cullens asked her what she wanted to eat when she was pregnant.<br />-How do Edward and Bella intend on keeping Charlie in their lives yet at the same time not grow older? BIG fat question mark.<br />-If Nessie grows to be over a hundred years old and stays looking young then what about Jacob? Doesn't he grow old?<br />-The whole \\"lets send all the vampires to the Cullens house\\" thing is just..sort of cheesy. I don't know. There were TOO many people to remember and many that were thrown in there for the sanctity of the plot.<br />-The Volturi \\"fight\\" scene was so incredibly drawn out and cheesy. They all act so stupid. A bunch of flat characters to make a fight scene that never happens.<br />-Jacob's character changes so much dramatically that it's annoying. I actually liked him at first.<br />-Why is Esme even in this book or any of the books? Seriously, she's just there as a background character and as a mom for the family. Bella never seems to ever engage in any conversation with her. As a matter of fact, no one does.<br />-The ending is so cheesy.. \\"Oh Bella I can hear you now!\\" Come on. Just shut up, get in the bed, and live your merry lives as eternal vampires.<br />-It's really hard picturing the wolves as huge as Meyer describes them. In the book she pretty much says that Bella \\"stands on her toes\\" to whisper in Jacob's ear. Come on. The wolves are THAT big? I don't think so. Of course, with all the events that happened in the book I suppose everything is possible with Meyer.<br />-At the pace that the books have been, what with there being as LITTLE supernatural elements arising as possible and as much realistic qualities as possible, more supernatural events began happening in this last one. It just got stupid, a little weird, and unrealistic for the PLOT, for the previous BOOKS. Isn't that something? It's almost as if these books had a limit on what could happen. Then things like the Volturi and immortal children were poured in, many randomly.<br />-The little girl, Claire, that Quil imprinted on was just annoying. Could Meyer have made the toddler speech any more annoying? Probably not.<br />-Renesmee. It was so ANNOYING to read about a little girl just jumping \\"15 feet\\" into the air and talking like an adult. I really thought it was dumb.<br />-In this last book, in this last conclusion, all the cheesiness of the other books, with the exception of Twilight, is drawn together to make one big, fat, heaping pile of a cheese fest that I have ever read.<br /><br />PROS (forgot there was any?)<br />-I will say that I did like the first half of the book. I liked Book 1 Bella and part of Book 2 Jacob. After Jacob's book I liked Bella's 3rd book UNTIL chapter 25. After Jacob told Charlie it all went downhill for me. So much, that I was literally groaning at how terrible it was. But I forgot, this is about the pros.<br />-I honestly liked the honeymoon part. The way that Meyer described Bella as before she and Edward had sex was realistic. I just thought that it was a good way to describe how one feels before making a big decision like that, and feeling hesitant and scared.<br />-I did sort of like the idea of them having a baby. Unpredictable and good. Until a certain point..<br />-That the book, no the series, finally ended.<br />-Not much else to say..<br /><br />As the conclusion to Meyer's books, I must say that I never intend on reading them again, EXCEPT for Twilight. The very first book that captivated us all. To me, that's where it should have ended and honestly, for me, that IS where it ends. I don't hate Meyer and I don't \\"hate\\" the series. I was disappointed but it's just a book. You read it, make your opinion, and move on. It's a good way to let all the obsessed fans, or ex-fans, know that there are other books out there waiting to be read. To not dwell on this series.book she pretty much says that Bella \\"stands on her toes\\" to whisper in Jacob's ear. Come on. The wolves are THAT big? I don't think so. Of course, with all the events that happened in the book I suppose everything is possible with Meyer.  -At the pace that the books have been, what with there being as LITTLE supernatural elements arising as possible and as much realistic qualities as possible, more supernatural events began happening in this last one. It just got stupid, a little weird, and unrealistic for the PLOT, for the previous BOOKS. Isn't that something? It's almost as if these books had a limit on what could happen. Then things like the Volturi and immortal children were poured in, many randomly.   -The little girl, Claire, that Quil imprinted on was just annoying. Could Meyer have made the toddler speech any more annoying? Probably not.  -Renesmee. It was so ANNOYING to read about a little girl just jumping \\"15 feet\\" into the air and talking like an adult. I really thought it was dumb.  -In this last book, in this last conclusion, all the cheesiness of the other books, with the exception of Twilight, is drawn together to make one big, fat, heaping pile of a cheese fest that I have ever read.    PROS (forgot there was any?)  -I will say that I did like the first half of the book. I liked Book 1 Bella and part of Book 2 Jacob. After Jacob's book I liked Bella's 3rd book UNTIL chapter 25. After Jacob told Charlie it all went downhill for me. So much, that I was literally groaning at how terrible it was. But I forgot, this is about the pros.  -I honestly liked the honeymoon part. The way that Meyer described Bella as before she and Edward had sex was realistic. I just thought that it was a good way to describe how one feels before making a big decision like that, and feeling hesitant and scared.  -I did sort of like the idea of them having a baby. Unpredictable and good. Until a certain point..  -That the book, no the series, finally ended.  -Not much else tosay..    As the conclusion to Meyer's books, I must say that I never intend on reading them again, EXCEPT for Twilight. The very first book that captivated us all. To me, that's where it should have ended and honestly, for me, that IS where it ends. I don't hate Meyer and I don't \\"hate\\" the series. I was disappointed but it's just a book. You read it, make your opinion, and move on. It's a good way to let all the obsessed fans, or ex-fans, know that there are other books out there waiting to be read. To not dwell on this series.
0930289234|5.0|can't believe this is so popular now!!  read it so long ago....  still good though!
031606792X|4.0|This book definitely has some curveballs that I doubt anyone was expecting, and I will admit that I found some parts almost unbearably cheesy, but overall it was an enjoyable read.  I found the story a little more adult targeted, which i think throws most people off.  It's more on par with her book The Host.  I re-read all the books before I read this one and the tone of the last book is different from the first three, especially the first one, Twilight.  If you're still pretty young, you might not like it, but wait a couple years and come back to it.  For people upset because parts of the storyline are so unrealistic, or that there's not enough sacrifice, it is a fantasy book, and I personally like when there's a happy ending for everyone.
B00003CXDV|5.0|From concept to execution, this film is a knock out comedy.  You don't have to be a space geek to enjoy this one.  Plus, Sigourney Weaver looks great as a blond.  Galaxy quest works because of the casting.  This movie could have gone either way, but I think it's the cast that makes this work.  Highly recommended.
B00006AG5N|2.0|This was my first Elvis music purchase and I hate to say it but it's a disappointment. Elvis is great and I like the songs but it's advertised as an audio CD and that's what I thought I was buying - and my receipt says it an audio CD. But it is NOT an audio CD - it is an audio DVD. And being an audio DVD (with no video and no menu) it won't play in ANY of my CD players  - not my home CD players and not my car CD player. So I get to listen to Elvis through my tinny TV speakers with no way to select certain songs. Also there are two songs that the audio drops on for about 30 seconds. I ONLY give it two stars because it's Elvis. Sorry Amazon, you dropped the ball on this one.
B00003CWN3|5.0|I find it hard to believe that anyone could watch this movie and not be moved by this powerful story.  The heartbreaking part of it being that it's based off true events.  Brandon was clearly suffering from some identity issues and she had run into some close calls before hooking up with this group of *friends*.  Hilary Swank definitely earned her Oscar with this production.  Great movie.
B00003CY6M|5.0|While I have not seen all his movies, this makes me want to order more.  I \\"get into\\" a movie if there chemistry between the characters.  It did happen in this movie.     In his romantic comedies, John portrays a \\"dreamy\\" character.  His work in this film just added to the magic.      This was a wonderful story, kept me interested to then end.
B000EHSVOG|4.0|Arguably the king of the 70's disasters flicks, The Towering Inferno takes a couple of crazy ideas like build a tower 135 floors in San Francisco and let's do it on the cheap.  What's the worse that can happen?  Blessed with an all star cast and armed with some state of the art (at the time) pyrotechnics, The Towering Inferno, despite the cheese, doesn't fail to thrill you.  It's fun to guess who's going to live and who's going to die.  Never mind why it takes so long for the fire department to arrive and why didn't everyone just go to the roof and have an arm of helicopters pick them up.  Or better yet-blow the tanks earlier.  Still, it's good entertainment.
B000Q9IZ5C|5.0|This film is pretty much perfect, it acts as a stellar conclusion to Firefly. I want more Firefly, but if this is the true end, then I have no qualms.
B0011Z32PS|5.0|One of the best albums of all time, if not the best. Yeh.. it's not a heavy as the earlier albums, but a true masterpiece in every regard. The last great album from Metallica.
B000VBJEEG|5.0|It's kind of hard to describe why I loved this movie; I shouldn't be surprised at all to find that I appreciated a Pixar or Brad Bird movie so much, but considering that it stars one of the more disgusting and vile creatures on the planet, I was surprised at just how enjoyable and touching the movie is.  What's impressive is that considering it's basically about a rat romping around a French gourmet restaurant's kitchen, it in no way skips acknowledging that rats are scavengers on humanity but in some way it makes that a plus for the movie (it doesn't hurt that the head of the rat colony has the voice of authority in Brian Dennehy).  How the hell Pixar manages to make a rat appealing is beyond me, but they do it here (and Patton Oswalt's voice performance certainly helps as well).  Definitely worth watching, especially for a subplot involving a top food critic that actually brought a tear to my eye in it's moment of truth.
B0012GMXLU|4.0|ah..the good old days.buying cigarettes underage,losing my virginity at age 14,sneaking my first couple of beers,ah and of course,my first motorheaad cassette. this record is timeless. lemmy and the boys deliver with gutteral force. songs like \\"i'm so bad baby i dont care\\" and the war ballad \\"1916\\" are a constant reminder of how these guys are old but man can they still rock.if you dont own any motorhead stuff,get this record. you wont be dissapoined.
B000OVLBF8|5.0|This will probably be the shortest review I've ever written because I'm laughing and applauding so hard--so uncontrollably, I can't quit shaking or still my hands long enough to type!<br /><br />I know, I know! [[ASIN:B000OVLBEY Ghost Rider (Full Screen Edition)]] is a supernatural thriller and a decent one at that, so I'm not supposed to laugh. I assure you, I'm not laughing AT the movie, I'm ROTFLMAO with DELIGHT at the animation, graphics, and special effects. The fiery visuals lit my fire!  Spontaneous combustion!<br /><br />You see, I'm a graphic/animation/special effects freak; that's what turns me on!<br /><br />I was as caught up in the plot of [[ASIN:B000OVLBEY Ghost Rider (Full Screen Edition)]] as I am with most movies, enjoying it in a normal way ... but when the great Nicolas Cage (motorcyclist Johnny Blaze) metamorphoses into the Ghost Rider--a flaming skull-headed monster--and his chopper lights up like a million candles, I loooooved it.<br /><br />The scenes where Cage (Blaze) rides the highway ... body, head and cool chopper spitting fire as he roars along, literally incinerating everything in his path ... well, they're stupendous.  Filmed on nights as black as Satan's soul, everything but Cage and his bike is stark dark, creating startling contrasts as the blazing bike and burning biker lick out at the darkness with searing tongues of hungry fire.<br /><br />And wait till you see cowboy Sam Elliot, the first Ghost Rider, riding his flaming horse alongside Cage's fiery chopper.  I've heard of burning rubber, but these two Ghost Riders torch that road, leaving fiery tracks and the skeletons of incinerated animals in their wake!  Awesome! That's my favorite scene in the entire movie.  (Can't you picture Elliot's genial, yet weathered face--with that trademark, lop-sided smirk--as he passes the reins of power on to Cage, the next skull-faced angel of vengeance who must battle the forces of evil?)<br /><br />Good acting!  Good casting! Outstanding photography! Colossal effects!  Director Mark Steven Johnson can film my movie any time he wants!<br /><br />Since the original inspiration for the character was \\"Ghost Riders in the Sky,\\" a song made popular by Vaughn Monroe in the late '40s, you might want to hear Monroe sing the song as you view a YouTube video that also has some fantastic visuals: [...]<br /><br />No need for me to go into the plot because the Amazon description at top of product page does that so well, even giving some spoilers for good measure. But spoilers or not, Marvel comics fan or not, I think you'll enjoy this movie.  (This review wasn't so short after all; the subject fired me up! ... lol)<br /><br />Reviewed by: Betty Dravis, 2008<br />Author of: [[ASIN:0738845108 Millennium Babe: The Prophecy]]graphy! Colossal effects!  Director Mark Steven Johnson can film my movie any time he wants!<br /><br />Since the original inspiration for the character was \\"Ghost Riders in the Sky,\\" a song made popular by Vaughn Monroe in the late '40s, you might want to hear Monroe sing the song as you view a YouTube video that also has some fantastic visuals: [...]<br /><br />No need for me to go into the plot because the Amazon description at top of product page does that so well, even giving some spoilers for good measure. But spoilers or not, Marvel comics fan or not, I think you'll enjoy this movie.  (This review wasn't so short after all; the subject fired me up! ... lol)<br /><br />Reviewed by: Betty Dravis, 2008<br />Author of: [[ASIN:0738845108 Millennium Babe: The Prophecy]]
0743496736|3.0|Unlike other Picoult novels, Nineteen Minutes is predictable, lacking any twist or complicated plot.  Nonetheless, this tale is horrific and heartbreaking, foretelling a realistic nightmare that could unfold in any suburb.  We all have much to learn from this sad story.
0375423877|1.0|Main character achieves all her good results from lying, hates dogs, uses one as crocodile bait, has super human intellectual powers and extreme pride in her abilities.  Not my type of heroine.
031606792X|5.0|I personally thought the book was really good.  People shouldn't criticise Stephenie Meyer so harshly.  She tied up all the loose ends, and so what if maybe the messages weren't good for younger kids.  She did say that no one younger than 15 should read it as it was designed for an older, more mature audience.  This book is fiction, and everyone should treat it as such.  I thought that the plot was really well drawn out, and it kept me in suspense for most of the book.  I thoroughly enjoyed reading it and I loved the ending!!  I was happy that Bella got a happy ending, it wouldn't have been as good if the ending was depressing or not as tied up. Five stars here!
B000Q66PXE|5.0|If you turn on the All Roads lead to Rome option, the series also gives you some educational background information on Roman history.  That aside, the series is very interesting.
031606792X|5.0|This book was great... a little too sci-fi for me in the beginning, but a great end to this saga. It completed the love story that everyone wants to live out, minus the sci-fi stuff. Why would anyone want this to end unhappily?
031606792X|5.0|I, personally, thought Breaking Dawn was a beautifully written book! It wasn't as great and amazing and breathtaking as Twilight, New Moon, and Eclipse, but it certainly had it's own way of taking my breath away, and dazzling me. Yes, it was long, it was kind of rambled but the rambling gave the reader more insight into what people were feeling and the feel of the enviroment. I thought the ending was beautiful, just all around beautiful. It was the ending that everybody wanted, and couldn't wait for, and yet everybody is criticizing it! Stephenie Meyer is brilliant, she write amazing books, and I know that I'm a true fan to her because I still loved Breaking Dawn, even though it wasn't as amazing as I had anticipated, it was still amazing in it's own unique way. Many people read this, some not even finishing it, and criticize Stephenie Meyer for what she wrote but, from my perspective, she put more work, more feeling, and more insight into this book! It was beautiful, kept my attention, and though the pregnancy scenes were gruesome, in a way, and very in depth that it almost made me cringe, it was still amazing. This book, yes, it may not be as perfect or breathtaking as the first three, but it was by far the most perfect and brilliant way to end the Twilight series.
031606792X|3.0|This is full of spoilers so dont read it if you are going to whine later.<br /><br />My daughter and I have been huge fans of the series. I did not hate this book. And I actually got what I expected. After reading The Host, I had a feeling she would wrap this up way to neatly as well. I think happy endings are OK. But they are so much more electrifying if their is a real struggle to get there.<br /><br />Jacob's part of the book was faboulous. The reason for the 3 stars. It is witty and has one of the best climax sequences I've read in years. But as soon as Bella takes over we are insulted by how easy vampire life is. BOOOOOOOO!<br /><br />The worst part of this book is the name Reneesme. R U kidding me! I started laughing thinking it was a joke in the book, then realized it was real.  I am a newborn intsive care nurse and I am awaiting the onslaught of teen moms naming their babies Reneesme. Gag.<br /><br />I Enjoyed the escape. I dont think I will get tied up in another of her books though. Hopefully she learns how to write an ending.
B0013K6WLM|4.0|Much like their Midwest brethren, the White Stripes, the Black Keys are a blues duo specializing in raw, lo-fi DIY tunes, and much like the faux-sibling pair, the Black Keys have steadily progressed from workmanlike blues and rock to, well, still more solid blues and rock, albeit with slightly more advanced recording techniques.<br /><br />Attack & Release continues this trend, although with the versatile Danger Mouse producing, some deviation from the formula is to be expected. \\"Psychotic Girl\\" sounds eerily like what Gnarls Barkley might sound like if they were a blues outfit with a penchant for banjo, and Dan Auerbach's vocals on \\"Lies\\" call to mind the best of the great southern soul singers.<br /><br />The Keys haven't lost focus, however; \\"Remember When (Side B),\\" I Got Mine,\\" and a host of other songs continue the barnburning minimalist tradition that they've been perfecting since the 2001, and while it isn't particularly anything new, it's still old school enough to be interesting.
B000LC4CVA|5.0|This cd is the best and I plan on buying all the other other's. Would like to see them in person, here in the midwest USA Dana
B0013BNY2Q|4.0|Accelerate is just what its name implies: the sound of a band approaching middle age, a band whom many critics and fans had written off as past its prime, reaching back to their early records and restoring their music with a sense of fire and vigor that had been missing for well over a decade.<br /><br />Singer Michael Stipe has said in an interview with Spin that the band \\"spent less time making this record than we have in twenty years,\\" and it shows. Accelerate charges out of the gate with \\"Living Well is the Best Revenge,\\" an up-tempo, guitar-and-bass-driven rock number that recalls the band in their `80s heyday.<br /><br />The music turns away from the studio experiments that many considered R.E.M.'s downfall in the new millennium to what made them famous: guitar, bass, drums, and Stipe's distinctive wail. His lyrics are just as sharp as ever, and with the Iraq War still going strong after five years, he has no shortage of targets, bemoaning the \\"vacuum between his ears\\" of our outgoing president on \\"Man-Sized Wreath\\" and political deceit on \\"Mr. Richards.\\"<br /><br />After so many years, R.E.M. has finally rediscovered what made them great in the first place: simple, angry, and impassioned rock `n roll.
B000VECAEO|5.0|It was a bit of a slow start for Seinfeld with season one but boy am I glad that it caught on and lasted as long as it did.  Seinfeld was one of my all time favorite shows and will be remembered for years to come.  Not that there's anything wrong with that!!!
B0011FXLCC|4.0|British electronica duo Goldfrapp (named after singer and frontwoman Alison Goldfrapp) have been slowly gaining in popularity since the beginning of the millennium and their debut album Felt Mountain. Fusing Goldfrapp's talented vocals with instrumentalist Will Gregory's dance-punk synthesizers and array of sounds, Goldfrapp has become a fixture on the European club scene. It's surprising, then, that their latest album, Seventh Tree, takes such a divergent musical route.<br /><br />It takes about six and a half minutes before a casual listener might realize their listening to an electronica outfit, as a drum machine explodes onto the scene halfway through \\"Little Bird.\\" Whereas previous albums focused on Gregory's innovative beats and textures, Seventh Tree's focus is on Goldfrapp's lovely, breathy voice.<br /><br />While the down tempo ballads that start off the album might initially turn off fans, later songs such as \\"Happiness\\" feature beautiful, multi-tracked vocals and a bouncy pop beat and build a pleasant vibe that continues, with just a few bumps in the road (see snoozer \\"Eat Yourself\\"), for the rest of the record.
B000060MMI|5.0|If you love the Mollies, this album won't dissapoint...If you don't have any of the Flogger's albums in your collection, this is a great first pick! No Celt can resist dancing or singing along to this album full of craic and good ballads of Irish life and politics and drinking and the lasses...I can see the track 'Rebels of the Sacred Heart' becoming a new pub favorite. All of their talents are displayed here. I find it easy to play this album 5 or 6 times in a row and only stop because I have to return to the mundane aspects of life. Go raibh maith agat, Flogging Molly!
B00132D808|4.0|I absolutely hated Panic! at the Disco's faux-prog rock emo caricature that was their debut hit album, A Fever You Can't Sweat Out. Their ridiculous stage setups, Fall Out Boy-mimicking vocals, and tongue-in-cheek lyrical posturing repulsed me, but it made them platinum stars and MTV darlings.<br /><br />With the removal of the ! from their name, however, seems to have come a sort of maturity for the emo playwrights, and Pretty.Odd. is an interesting, ambitious, and surprisingly inspired follow-up. I couldn't believe I was actually enjoying it when I first listened to it, but it's true: Panic at the Disco has grown up, musically and lyrically.<br /><br />Lead single \\"Nine in the Afternoon\\" leads off with a bouncy piano line and a catchy guitar line, and lead singer Brendon Urie manages to avoid the high-note yelping that made the band so annoying throughout not only the song but also most of the album. His lyrics are just as metaphor-heavy and dense poetics but less obviously so, and this is a huge relief from those who hated Fever. Only when Urie gets pathetically sappy (\\"She Had The World\\") do the words grate.<br /><br />The music is ridiculously diverse, from \\"Do You Know What I'm Seeing\\" violin balladry to the pastoral flute on \\"The Piano Knows Something I Don't Know.\\" They even bring out the country-folk in the rural church singing of \\"I Have Friends in Holy Spaces\\" and the giddy fiddle on the tongue-in-cheek \\"Folkin' Around.\\"<br /><br />The record's highlight, the irresistibly catchy, nostalgia-tinged \\"Northern Downpour,\\" is buoyed by the harmonizing between Urie and guitarist Ryan Ross, whose voice has evidently been possessed by some psychedelic imp in love with the Beatles. The swirling electric guitar licks that erupt halfway through mesh perfectly with the acoustic strum and gentle drums as the song coalesces into a chorus that is pure polyphonic bliss.<br /><br />The band's obvious Queen fixation and `60s pop homages work out for the better, luckily distancing them from their labelmates and hopefully pointing toward a more long-lived career beyond emo.hopefully pointing toward a more long-lived career beyond emo.
B00008PC2O|5.0|Terminator 2 - Judgment Day is the ultimate sequel ever! Sequels always tend to let me down but not this one in any shape or form. Arnold Schwarzenegger, Linda Hamilton, and Edward Furlong bring so much energy and fire to this film. James Cameron is a brilliant writer/director, he pulls out all the stops. I highly recommend this classic, you'll watch it over and over again, enjoy!
B0015D3Z4O|4.0|It's hard to take this record seriously after seeing the cover, which features the 49-year-old pop queen in a BDSM costume in a \\"seductive\\" pose, something no one really wants to see anymore except maybe A-Rod. The album starts off as if we're back in the `80s, with Madonna trying to convince me that \\"you'll be begging for more / don't pretend you are not hungry, there's plenty to eat / come in my store `cause my sugar is sweet\\" on \\"Candy Shop.\\" Evidently her sugar is also sticky and raw, something I'm not sure I want.<br /><br />Despite the inane lyrics and relentless sex-you-up attitude of Madonna's latest, it does benefit from fantastic production, as befits the lady who spawned a thousand Britneys and Christinas. \\"4 Minutes\\" with Justin Timberlake rides an ascending horn line and Timberlake and Madonna's harmonizing and explodes into pure throwaway pop bliss in the chorus.<br /><br />Everyone from Pharrell Williams to Timbaland to Kanye West make Madonna their pop slave, using her tried-and-true voice and bondage lyrics to propel their obscenely good beats.<br /><br />It doesn't take a musicologist to divine the meanings behind songs like \\"Give It 2 Me,\\" but one has to forgive her lyrics; after all, this is a dance record to soon be blasted in a club near you, and in that aspect, it succeeds brilliantly.
B000R7HY0K|3.0|You know I wish that I could agree with most of you on this movie. But I was kinda dissappointed with it.I just thought there was too much dialogue at the beginning I was so \\"bored\\".There were only maybe four scenes that I liked from the whole movie and they were all close to the end. I just wish the guy in the movie done more killing, or had a little more action in it just something better than the way it is. It was still pretty good in those four scenes though.Well not everyone agrees with everyone about how they feel about movies. Everyone is different dont take just my word for it watch it and see for yourself you may like it better than me.
B0015KO52S|4.0|Indie supergroup the Raconteurs, consisting of Jack White, Brendan Benson, and the Greenhornes' rhythm section, released Consolers of the Lonely a week before its release, doing away with pretty much any pre-release media hype, and the album's raw, bluesy sound reflects this choice.<br /><br />Unlike their debut, Broken Boy Soldiers, their latest does away with any attempt at musical exploration, with guitarist White cranking the amp to 11 on every song and the rhythm section running a tight ship. The title track is a refreshing blast of guitar freakout and anthemic drum pounding, and single \\"Salute Your Solution\\" only continues to up the energy with a funky bass line and White's wild yelping.<br /><br />Benson's and White's lyrical matchups populate the lyrics with desperate tales of outlaws and love, and the album's energy refuses to flag, switching from New Orleans-style horn riffs to White Stripes-esque stadium guitar antics to a bouncy harmonica/fiddle solo on \\"Old Enough.\\" Consolers of the Lonely aims the Raconteurs down a single path paved with simple rock `n roll, and in doing so produces a hell of a lot more fun than they'd ever before recorded.
B000QGEB12|5.0|If you like Jackie Chan flicks, comedies, action films or just something to watch 'cause you're bored, I would suggest that you get this movie. It's funny, filled with kung fu style antics and it's even got a love story tucked away in the background for you sappy types. I would also suggest watching it in the original Chinese and subtitles, since a couple jokes didn't transfer over when they did the English dubbing.
B0015I2P0Y|3.0|Manchester Britpop band Elbow is one of the most critically acclaimed bands on their side of Atlantic, but commercial success has continued to elude them, and the group is practically unknown in America. The Seldom Seen Kid, their fourth album, aims to reach wider audiences with its epic brand of indie rock, with vocalist/guitarist Guy Garvey's distinctive British tenor leading the way.<br /><br />The record starts off with slow burner \\"Starlings,\\" mostly a bubbling synthesizer and Garvey's tender voice punctuated by occasional blasts of horn. Ultimately boring, the band luckily picks up the pace with the quintessentially British-sounding \\"The Bones of You,\\" which sounds like a mix of the Verve's intelligent witticisms and Blur's innovative instrumentation.<br /><br />The highlight of the record is obviously Garvey, whose velvet pipes expertly complement his dreamy storytelling, as is most evident on lead single \\"Grounds for Divorce,\\" where he describes feelings of nostalgia as \\"there's a hole in my neighborhood / down which of late I cannot help but fall.\\"<br /><br />Sadly, Garvey's talents as a songwriter can only go so far, and unfortunately The Seldom Seen Kid suffers from the same affliction as its starting record: it is too ponderous to hold the listener's attention for long. Songs drag along on waves of noise and guitar, with only Garvey's voice to lead a path through the musical bog.
B000Y179KO|1.0|The Eagles should return to what made them famous and leave the political commentary to someone else. This CD should come with a warning label,   \\"Beware, contents contains liberal propaganda.\\" They not only pick the low hanging fruit by making snide innuendoes about President Bush at every opportunity but the song writing is clearly missing something. If this is the best that Frey and company can do they should stay home and write crank letters to the newspaper. This CD set is NOT for anyone that loved these guys in the '70's and '80's. Maybe they've gotten bitter in old age.
0739367676|4.0|I wish everyone would quit giving this book bad reviews because it had a happy ending.  I loved the end, it was my favorit part.  Who, reading this series, didn't want Bella and Edward to be in love and happy forever and having a baby just made it that much better.  I do feel bad for Ranasmay (or however you spell it).  I wouldn't want to live forever with that name.  But other than that I really liked this book.  I hope her next book continues with Nessy and Jacob.
B000GTJT0M|3.0|Good special effects, a little hard to get into. I'll watch it again before I finalize an opinion.
1433207044|1.0|The fountaun head is a great piece of Ayn Rand's work.  However I had trouble with 2 of the 6 discs I listened too. Returned the full set to Amazon.  Amazon got me a replacement set in nothing flat. Excellent service there. The replacement New set has 4 bad out of the 12 I have listened too. Its going back as well.  The manufaturer of these Audio books needs some new equipment of Quality control.
B000U1ZVD0|5.0|This is an excellent movie that was somewhat overlooked on it's release. Fans of \\"Tombstone\\" should give it a chance.
0689835604|4.0|Very round, very cute, very... childlike, for lack of a better word.    And I always appreciate the effort in making a multiracial cast of kids, not everybody does that.    Would be nice if the flaps were a little stronger, though. Unfortunately, they *will* rip off, so this book has to be supervised only :(
B000002UJQ|5.0|The first time I heard OK Computer, I was speechless. Even now, it's hard to put into words how amazing this album is. Simply put, OK Computer brings something to the listener in both meaning and emotion that makes it truly spectacular.
031606792X|5.0|Breaking Dawn Review<br /><br />I know it's been a week since I promised my review of Breaking Dawn, but I like to read books like this twice before I submit my final responses. Actually, I read it two-and-a-half times. Yes, I know, I'm sick in the head.<br />As an avid fan of the series, I was not disappointed by Meyer's fourth and final installation in the Twilight series. I was surprised by a number of the plot twists, but certainly not disappointed.<br />Some people seemed to feel this book was out of character with the rest of the series; I disagree. The primary themes that weave themselves through the books are still strong in Breaking Dawn; just represented differently. As usual, Bella finds herself torn in two different directions, fighting for the ones she loves, and preparing herself for the possibility of those loved ones slipping away from her. The only difference is that now, her decisions yield a crop of new and powerful weapons for her to draw upon. For once, Bella finds herself the hero, rather than the victim, of the tale. And, of course, woven over, under and through each thread of the story, is Bella and Edward's timeless love for each other.<br />My favorite parts: (spoiler alert!)<br />The wedding: Meyer captured the emotion of this so well, I found myself reminiscing about my own wedding, thinking, \\"My God, she's got it! That's exactly what it feels like!\\" Except, of course, I didn't marry a vampire.<br />The change: Bella's transition to vampire life made me want to crow with triumph. Finally! All she's ever wanted, even things which had nothing to do with Edward, delivered in one glorious sparkling package. Again, the emotion of this section was beautifully, beautifully captured.<br />My not-so-favorite parts:<br />Jacob's narration: This is purely personal. I know it was a necessary evil, and telling this portion from his point of view gave the perspective of the story a better dimensional quality. But he irritates the liver out of me. Can't help it; you'll never see me wearing any \\"Team Jacob\\" tees.<br />The final conflict: A little too up and down. It's not okay, oh, wait, it's okay, no, wait, it's not okay again, oh, hey, changed our minds, whoops, decided you're going to die, oh, look, it's Alice!--I felt trapped in some kind of ADD literary nightmare. The whole time, I was thinking, OMG, go away already! But, when they finally did, it was all worth it.<br /><br />Even taking into consideration my few gripes, this book is one of my new favorites, and sits in pride of place on my bookshelf, next to its amazing sisters.<br /><br />--Jacquelyn Sylvan, Author, [[ASIN:1590805860 Surviving Serendipity]]wearing any \\"Team Jacob\\" tees.   The final conflict: A little too up and down. It's not okay, oh, wait, it's okay, no, wait, it's not okay again, oh, hey, changed our minds, whoops, decided you're going to die, oh, look, it's Alice!--I felt trapped in some kind of ADD literary nightmare. The whole time, I was thinking, OMG, go away already! But, when they finally did, it was all worth it.     Even taking into consideration my few gripes, this book is one of my new favorites, and sits in pride of place on my bookshelf, next to its amazing sisters.     --Jacquelyn Sylvan, Author, [[ASIN:1590805860 Surviving Serendipity]]
B000E1ZBGS|3.0|Finally got to see the Keira Knightley version of P&P on cable.  It can't hold a candle to the 1980 version with Elizabeth Garvie and David Rintoul.  [I have not seen the Firth version].<br /><br />The actors in the Knightley film are just that -- actors, playing parts.<br />In the 1980 version, we see Elizabeth, Darcy, Mr Bennet, Mr Collins, Lady Catherine and everyone, as Jane Austen describes them and their actions.<br />This adaption  took all of Jane Austen out and left nothing in its stead.  Beautiful to look at, but not much else....
031606792X|5.0|I simply do not understand how anyone could be disappointed with Breaking Dawn. I loved it. I do not think there is much else to say except that I am in love with Edward.
B0012Q732O|1.0|I had read the negative reviews about 10,000 BC historical inaccuracies and poor acting, but I decided to give this movie a viewing.     This was one of the worst movies I ever saw. It was poorly and simply written. Also, the acting was amatuerish. Much of the dialogue was \\"Ug-Gah-Booma\\" without subtitles? Forget the special effects of mammoths, terror-birds, and the sabor-tooth, they can't save this disaster.    I am giving my copy away. I won't let it downgrade my movie collection. None of this opinion is base on historical inaccuracies, only on entertainment value. You have been warned!
031606792X|5.0|I believe I am one of the few 'Twilight' fans who have not gone over the deep end and remember a very important key fact - THIS IS FICTION.  The complaints about the book seem to be that Bella and everyone involved get their happy ending, which does not always reflect `real life'.  But isn't that the whole point of a good story?  I felt that the series ended the only way it possibly could.  No one would have been happy if Bella/Jacob/Edward would have ended up miserable and alone.      For crying out loud people, give it a rest.  It's a story - not a guide book for the next generation to live their lives.  If you're so worried about kids getting the wrong message than sit down and actually talk to your kids instead of complaining online.
B000B8IA2G|5.0|Season 1 provides Stargate loves with new exciting villians!  I was still sad to watch Stargate Atlantis knowing that Stargate SG-1 would soon be over but it was really excellent to know that the spin off had awesome scene's and villians.
0393061310|5.0|While this book is difficult for many high school students, its ideas and the methods used to create his thesis are concepts your students can get.  This would be a great jumping off point for an interdisciplinary unit and as the years go on, history and social studies teachers need to change the way we present history if we want students to be ready for the 21st century.  In a time when students can get facts right off of Google faster than we could give it to them, we need to teach history as concepts and not focus on students learning only facts.  Diamond interprets the facts to create a a thesis on why certain societies excel and come out on top.  You could compare and contrast his thesis to the Human Web or the Kennedy's Rise and Fall of Great Powers.  On its own, GGS could be a powerful tool in the classroom and teachers of all disciplines should read this text.  All texts are biased and no one should expect perfection so if you want to be convinced of one particular view then you shouldn't read it.  But if you are open to learning more and having more questions when you are finished (which is not a bad thing), then you should read this and give select passages to students.  For non-teachers, this book really makes learning history easy and interesting which may be different from your own educational experience.
B000N6TYLW|4.0|Makes me so sad to see that this is the last Gilmore Girls.  I am a little disappointed in the ending and I hope that they will put out a short movie to finish off or follow up on the Gilmore Girls after life...I guess I just want it to go on and on forever!
B0015DYIH2|5.0|despite all of the bad reviews, breaking dawn was a great book. it was an excellent end to the series , and provided me with a lot of satisfaction.
B000A2WF3S|5.0|Considering my usual listening habits--the serialism of Boulez and other Darmstadt figures, the interference music of Per Norgard, and the ghostly weirdness of the spectralists--it's remarkable that the music of Bach attracts me so much. Yet, Bach wielded tonality like all my beloved 20th century figures made use of their systems. Bach doesn't just try accept tonality as a given and uncritically use it to construct some \\"story\\", a habit which makes so much of the Classical and Romantic eras sound stale for me. Rather, Bach delights in the structural possibilities of tonality, exploring it to its depths and building up ever vaster edifices of sound in perfect order. The Sonatas and Partitas for solo violin are an example of Bach as a creator of cosmic balance.<br /><br />Composed in 1720, the collection contains three Partitas and three Sonatas. Of each group, the first two are in a minor key and the last in a major key. The Partitas can be seen as explorations of rhythm, being collections of dances. Thus one finds movements in the form of such old-time German cavorting as the allemande, courante, sarabande and gigue. The Sonatas are explorations of forms, being each in four movement, slow-fast-slow-fast, with the second being a fugue. Note that these pieces are not for everyone: conservative listeners who enjoy other Bach works often find the collection \\"dissonant\\" because of the astringent tone of a solo violin. You may want to listen to some sound samples before deciding to buy.<br /><br />Gidon Kremer originally recorded the Sonatas and Partitas for Philips shortly after his arrival in the West. He felt driven to make a newer recording reflecting a mature mature view of the collection. For Kremer, Bach's violin solos are now about potent silence and exploitation of the performance space just as much as beautiful tonal order. It should come as no surprise that his self-financed recording was picked up by the ECM label, home to that kind of atmosphere. You can see the story behind this new take on the music on the [[ASIN:B000MRP1OG Gidon Kremer - Back to Bach]] DVD. Those who were turned off by Kremer's breakneck performances of the Bach violin concertos on another old Philips disc will be pleased to hear that he takes a very smooth and reasonable pace here.this new take on the music on the [[ASIN:B000MRP1OG Gidon Kremer - Back to Bach]] DVD. Those who were turned off by Kremer's breakneck performances of the Bach violin concertos on another old Philips disc will be pleased to hear that he takes a very smooth and reasonable pace here.
0790729725|5.0|The quintessential New York City mob film, in a class by itself, my only five-star review to date (and I'd give it more if I could).  Based on the book &#34;Wiseguy&#34; by Nicholas Pileggi, Martin Scorsese's brilliant masterpiece introduces us to Henry Hill, as portrayed by Ray Liotta, a disarming, likable sort who can never be initiated into the Mafia because he's only half Italian (his father is Irish).  Nevertheless, the &#34;boys&#34; who hang out at the neighborhood cabstand have taken a liking to the adolescent Henry and use him to run various errands, much to the displeasure of his parents.   As he grows older, Henry forms a close association with Jimmy Conway (Robert De Niro) and the violent, trigger-happy Tommy De Vito (played to the hilt by a terrifying Joe Pesci).  This film has the audience in its grip from the opening sequenceand doesn't let go until it ends three hours later.  Frank Vincent has a brief but memorable role as the ill-fated Billy Batts, and all of the supporting characters come across quite credibly as well.  An acquaintance of mine who had a bit role in the film told me that many of the scenes shot were pretty much unscripted and the actors were told to wing it.  In my opinion, the only weak point in this film (if you can even call it that) was the casting of Paul Sorvino as the local mob boss. I felt his performance was a little bland and he brought very little to his role.  A much better choice (again, in my opinion) would have been someone like Robert Loggia.  But then, again, who am I to dispute Martin Scorsese?  De Niro's performance is flawless, as usual, and Pesci dominates every scene he's in (he won a well-deserved Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor).  &#34;GoodFellas&#34; was released in the fall of 1990, nearly eighteen years ago, and, as far as I'm concerned, there isn't a single gangster movie produced before or since that even comes close to approaching its cinematic perfection.
B0002WYS6S|5.0|This DVD is an extraordinary production, where you can listen and see these phenomenal musicians at their peak. You will have the opportunity to appreciate their technique, style, and even their personality. Dream Theater is the ultimate representation of progressive rock with fusion of rock, metal, jazz and classical. You will hear the influence of Pink Floyd, Yes, Rush, Queen, Metallica, and Return to Forever. At times you may hear some Kansas.
B00063MC0C|4.0|PARAGRAPH ADDED FOR REMASTER FROM ORIGINAL MIX ISSUED 10/5/10:<br /><br />Closer to what Lennon originally intended, the remaster of \\"Mind Games\\" sounds better than the original U.S. CD. The Abbey Road team does a nice job of enhancing the CD with what was always on the mastertape--a bit more high end, better clarity and a nice, full sounding bass. This version also doesn't suffer from the over use of noise reduction. There is some transparent peak limiting applied but, quite honestly, it's hardly noticeable all of which is a way to say THIS is the best version readily available on CD. We also don't have the distracting bonus tracks included which, while nice, were out of character with the rest of the album and recorded BEFORE the album was started so didn't quite fit chronologically.<br /><br />The packaging like The Beatles remasters is in a mini-gatefold LP sleeve. My only complaint is that there aren't any sleeves inside to protect the CD. The notes are nice giving us a context and we also get the original lyrics included in the booklet. This is definintely worth picking up.<br /><br />ORIGINAL REVIEW FOR THE GOLD MOBILE FIDELITY REMIX ALBUM:<br /><br />\\"Mind Games\\" found John Lennon producing commercial music that relied on his craftsmanship. Recorded and mixed rapidly the original vinyl pressing sounded murky at times. The earlier CD version had No Noise used which threw a veil over the music making it sound even duller. This remixed/remastered edition has its good points and bad.<br /><br />Yoko's remix makes some of this music sparkle you can actually here more detail than before but the remixes also were done at maximum volume and with compression added which reduced the dynamic range of the music. There's occasional digital clipping because the loudness of the CD is too much. Imagine having a great slice of chocolate cake now imagine having that cake squeezd down to the size of a Mento--it has the same basic flavor but it loses the textured, the moistness and much of the flavor. That's what happens when a music recording is pumped up in volume the different between the lowest sound and highest is reduced and most everything is set at the same volume. Flavor is lost. Shawn Britten's remaster of this can't change the damage that was already done during the remix but this isn't as loud as the regular remaster and it sounds much, much warmer and less processed than the original CD.<br /><br />Although it eschews much of the raw quality of \\"Plastic Ono Band\\" it still retains the honesty of that album and \\"Imagine\\". The political declarations are a bit more vague here when compared to \\"Sometime in New York City\\". The album has some terrific songs and while \\"One Day At A Time\\" is marred by Lennon's falsetto (listen to the Lennon boxed set to hear him since it in his in a normal but what sounds like weary voice that adds quite a bit to the song. Lennon sang it in falsetto at the suggestion of Yoko--it just doesn't work and neither do the backing vocals).<br /><br />Be aware that some songs are faded a bit earlier when compared to their original versions (for example \\"Meat City\\").<br /><br />We get some nice bonus material including two brief demos for \\"Mind Games\\".ppens when a music recording is pumped up in volume the different between the lowest sound and highest is reduced and most everything is set at the same volume. Flavor is lost. Shawn Britten's remaster of this can't change the damage that was already done during the remix but this isn't as loud as the regular remaster and it sounds much, much warmer and less processed than the original CD.    Although it eschews much of the raw quality of \\"Plastic Ono Band\\" it still retains the honesty of that album and \\"Imagine\\". The political declarations are a bit more vague here when compared to \\"Sometime in New York City\\". The album has some terrific songs and while \\"One Day At A Time\\" is marred by Lennon's falsetto (listen to the Lennon boxed set to hear him since it in his in a normal but what sounds like weary voice that adds quite a bit to the song. Lennon sang it in falsetto at the suggestion of Yoko--it just doesn't work and neither do the backing vocals).     Be aware that some songs are faded a bit earlier when compared to their original versions (for example \\"Meat City\\").    We get some nice bonus material including two brief demos for \\"Mind Games\\".
B00004HYLF|5.0|This album is the most elaborate and mature of all the RTF albums, where each of these world class artists display their phenomenal qualities as musicians, composers and entertainers. This album is definitely more progressive rock than jazz in its project of fusion. Other RTF albums have more a latin influence, though there are moments here and there where it can be heard. This is one of my top five favorite albums, it is an exciting sonic experience!
0385340567|4.0|I found this book very entertaining.  I love Jack Reacher, I guess it was a little hokey in parts but I like how he stands up for weaker or down-trodden people (filthy hospital for disabled veterans, helping Maria with some needed cash).  I didn't mind the references to religion, this seemed very real to me as I know fanatical types exist.   The antagonist was a little on the bland side but I thought it was kinda funny that he hood-winked our hero.  I thought it was interesting that he got Reacher to open a Bible.  The chemistry between the main characters seemed more on Jack's side and less on her side.  I know it'll never happen, but the romantic in me wants to see him settle down.  The discussion about pregnancy gave my heart a little flutter.  haha  I enjoyed this book more than Bad Luck and Trouble.  I waited forever for the CD's from the library; it never has come up on Audible.
031606792X|5.0|a lot of people said that they were disapointed with the ending to this series. I really don't agree with that. I loved the way that this series ended and was so happy that it ended happily. i can't stand that when books are sad and depressing and things are overly complicated. Everything worked out for bella and thats the kind of stuff that i like to read about. but i do admit that i think that it was stupid how she did skip right over the whole sex thing with no details. and i really didn't like the way that edward acted about the whole pregnancy thing i think that he should of acted better and more hopeful about it. But overall i thought this book was fantastic and i am sad that the series is over.
0143113100|4.0|Very interesting and instructing about the wonderful brain weve got.  A must for all therapists around the world.
031606792X|3.0|There were parts of the story I liked - parts that moved me to tears or made me laugh out loud.  I knew Bella had to be changed per the agreement with the Volturi, but I didn't like that Bella was pregnant and it had such a horrible impact on her.  Furthermore, having Jacob imprint on Renesmee was disturbing.  Imprinting on Rosalie might have been really funny! Finally, I felt the content of the novel was a little mature for the younger kids that read the series.  My daughter is 11 and entering 6th grade.  I had no problem with her reading the first two books.  The 3rd was a little more mature, but okay enough for her since she read the first two, but my 15 year old and I both believe the 4th has way too much darkness, violence and sensuality in it for my younger daughter.  So, as much as I was cheering for Jacob, I wasn't disappointed that Bella and Edward got together, since the agreement with the Volturi foreshadowed that. It was the manner in which Bella and Edward got their happily ever after that is disturbing.
192076920X|5.0|I came across \\"Shantaram\\" on display in Waterstones, and the only reason I bought it was because it mentioned Bombay on the back cover.     I have just finished reading it, and would recommend it thoroughly. The author is Gregory David Roberts. He was a drug addict, and a criminal who escaped from an Australian prison, and came to Bombay on a false passport in the 1980s. He lived in Bombay for a few years, and describes his time in Bombay in the book. Among other things, he lived in a zhopadpatti, worked as a slum doctor, spent time in Arthur Road Jail, and worked as part of the Bombay mafia.     I spent the first 25 years of my life in Bombay. In the 80s I was a medical student and then a resident doctor in Bombay. There are so many aspects of Bombay life that we took for granted, and about which we never gave a second thought, which are described in such stunningly beautiful detail, that I found myself saying \\"Yes, it was like that\\". Roberts' powers of observation are fantastic. His prose is also brilliant at times. I found myself reading some pages again and again.     There are also many things about Bombay that I never knew, or even imagined. I belonged to circles, that were absolutely oblivious, perhaps impervious to many of the things described in this book. So in a way this book has been an eye-opener.     The next time I am in Bombay, I will try to find a bit of Shantaram there.     All-in-all: a brilliant bombay book.
1400023343|5.0|I bought this book for a research paper I was doing for a sociolinguistics course that I am taking for my M.A. in Spanish.  I was writing a paper about Spanish/English bilingualism in the U.S.  This book was very useful to me in terms of the part of  my paper that dealt with how one helps a baby to become bilingual.  Of course, I used other sources and discussed also the difficulties involved with bilingualism in our current culture.  But Barbara Pearson's book, as well as an article by her in a professional text, helped me tremendously with my research and subsequent paper.
0312379293|4.0|This is a typical Jeffrey Archer masala story. Keeps you gripped till the end.     Falsely implicated and convicted for a murder, our hero escapes from prison and takes revenge. Archer relies on his extensive knowledge of the English Establishment to weave a very gripping tale.     Archer fans will love it.
B000005H63|5.0|Sadly I didn't discover Michel Petrucciani until around the time of his death. Then I heard Trio in Tokoyo and worked my way through all his albums of the 1990's. All of them are excellent. Best of all is the truly amazing Eddy Louiss - Hammond Organ/Michel Petrucciani - Piano Conference de Presse a double CD of duets. Nothing will ever be as good as this.<br /><br />Well ...plays Petrucciani is very close. From the storming opening two tracks to the end this is Jazz of the highest quality. In all honesty I've never heard Petrucciani play any better than he does here. The improvisations and ideas just flow out of him. It also helps to have a tremendous rhythm section. Here we get Roy Haynes and Al Foster on drums. Haynes played or recorded with Dizzy, Miles and Coltrane. Al Foster played with Miles in the 1970's and 1980's. Gary Peacock and Eddie Gomez are on bass (who play and played with Keithe Jarrett and Bill Evans respectively. John Abercrobie is on guitar for two tracks as well.<br /><br />But it is the little man whose genius dominates proceedings. Not only from a playing point of view but because all the compositions are by him as well. He was a gifted writer as well as being a spectacular Pianist.<br />Highly recommended.
B00005TT77|3.0|Sean Penn wanted the orig Beatles tunes...they wouldn't give him the rights, so he used other artists' versions.<br /><br />I wrote this comment to address those who commented that Penn should have used orig Beatles music.  I personally think the renditions of the classic Beatles tunes are great.
B0018S6YOE|3.0|Good Girl Gone Bad. What a stupid title for an album. She wish she was a bad girl. I bet if she does any drugs, have frequent sex, or an alcoholic, or party girl. Now Amy Winehouse is a Girl Gone Bad. She has the album title Good Girl Gone Bad is because the title alone will sell the album. Much like Kate Perry with I Kissed A Girl and You're so gay.
B0015D3Z4O|1.0|After her best album ( Confession on a dance floor ) I thought that Madonna will continue with the same style but she completly made a 180 degrees and return to a bad hip-hop music..... Sorry this music is not for me..
B0017ZB8M6|3.0|God... Kate Perry has a terrible terrible voice. And she's singing about lesbian/gay theme songs. I Kissed a Girl and I liked it and You're so gay. She not even gay so what gives her the right to sing about lesbian this and gay that and having lesbian/gay friends doesn't give you the right to claim such experience. She writes about this shocking titled songs because the controversial topics she's singing about is what will sell the album.
031606792X|5.0|I absolutely loved Breaking Dawn! Yes, the book was so much different than the first 3, but how can it not be. The characters (especially Bella) needed to mature and grow. Instead of being immersed in just the love story between Bella and Edward, we see the love and devotion of a family.     I loved that Stephenie Meyer took us for a exciting roller coaster ride in this book. Breaking Dawn was definitely my favorite in the series.
031606792X|2.0|I have to say, I've never been so disappointed in a book in my life. I realize that there wsa a lot of hype and excitement and that it would be very hard to create a book to live up to those standards, but this book seems like the work of a twelve year old blogger, not the author of the previous three books. As an educator, I always consider the influence and impact of the underlying message, and to add my voice to the chorus, I have to say that this book is a terrible example to young girls. Get married as a teenager? Great! Get pregnant and keep the child instead of going to an Ivy League school? What else could you ask for?! Let your best friend 'imprint' on your demon love child? Amazing!     I have to say there were some good things. I do like the coming together of the other vampires of the world to challenge the authority of the Volturi, but even this turned into a major copout. Wow, Bella randomly has a special ability that is able to shield the world from evil vampires! Wow, the werewolves randomly make up in a side note and decide to stand beside them... and, another random side note, they aren't really hated enemies of the vampires! Lovely.     There were so many chances to have more conflict and more interesting things happen in this book without resorting to horrific birth scenes and outrageous (even for scifi) plot twists. I just hope to God this book is NEVER turned into a movie... and I hope that parents are sitting down and talking to their children to inform them that marrying and becoming a mother before you turn 20 WILL NOT result in a 'happily ever after'. I have to agree with those who sum this book up in two words: EPIC FAIL!
B000J0UD94|4.0|A very good movie and a classic soundtract by vangelis about columbus discovering america. Made to celebrate the 500 years when columbus came to america. A classic if you take the violence out. Beatiful location and acting.
031606792X|5.0|It was a little different than the other three, but it was enjoyable. It stayed true to the series even with the twist. This book did everything it was supposed to: it answered all the unanswered questions and entertained the reader. It gave a reason for why Jacob and Bella were in love. It also gives an optimistic outlook on life, that anything has the chance to work out just fine. However, this book is not for everyone. If you're expecting everything to remain within a certain stereotype of what is possible in the vampire/werewolf world created by Meyer, maybe you should NOT read this book.
B001CXW8CW|2.0|At the time of writing this review, \\"The Dark Knight\\" is currently the number 1 film in the IMdB Top 250, beating \\"The Shawshank Redemption\\" and \\"The Godfather\\". Even before I entered the cinema to see this film, I was pretty certain that it wasn't actually going to be better than \\"The Shawshank Redemption\\", and watching it simply served to confirm this fact. Nevertheless, based on the hype, I did expect to see an above average movie and I left the cinema feeling disappointed. Not only is \\"The Dark Knight\\" not the best film of all time, it is also not the best Batman movie (I still think \\"Batman Returns\\" is better) and it's not even Heath Ledger's best film (that would be \\"Two Hands\\").     The problem with \\"The Dark Knight\\" lies in writer/director Christopher Nolan's lack of restraint. \\"The Dark Knight\\" is essentially two movies joined together - one about the Joker (Heath Ledger) and the other about District Attorney Harvey Dent (Aaron Eckhart), who ultimately becomes the villain Two Face. If Nolan had simply chosen one of these stories and focussed on it, this could have been a good film, but instead, by shifting from the Joker story to the Two Face story mid-way through the film, Nolan causes the film to lose focus and reduces the impact of the final battle between Batman and the Joker, which should have been a lot better than it is.     Furthermore, within each of these stories, there is a lot of extraneous material that should have been cut out. \\"The Dark Knight\\" is over 2  hour long and feels it. A lot of the scenes in the film, although interesting if taken on their own (such as the boat scene at the end of the film), do not contribute to the overall story. If Christopher Nolan was as great a film maker as many people claim that he is, then he should have recognized this and removed them. Instead he self-indulgently leaves them in, proving what I have always thought, that he one of the most over-rated directors of recent years.
0307346617|5.0|because this book does such a good job of mimicking a work of oral history, it's easy to forget that this is actually a NOVEL, and as such is one of th most inventive, fun, compelling, and unconventional novels in a while.<br /><br />as someone who loves the zombies-destroy-civilization genre, i found this a really well-done look at how exactly human civilization crumbles (and, in this case, survives, but i won't hold that against the book). Most zombie movies just show us the tunnel vision of a handful of survivors, with minimal info on what the rest of the world is going through, or how other countries are dealing with the menace, but WWZ shows us exactly how stuff plays out in Cuba, China, North Korea, Russia, Montana, etc.
0385340567|2.0|Nothing To Lose had a really nothing plot and I was confused at the ending. Jack Reacher ( the hero) is traveling in Colorado and stops in the town of Despair where he is arrested and then thrown out. He is deported to the town of Hope. While in Hope , he meets a female police offcier who helps him investigate thee disappearance of young men. These young men have wives and girlfriends waiting for them in Hope. Reacher is also interested in  what is going on in Despair's recycling plant. Almost everyone in Despair is employed at the plant. The plant's owner is also the minister of his own church. The people of Despair want Jack Reacher out of their town. The military post near Despair is tied into the story.          Jack Reacher is a very nonapealing character. He has a brief fling with the local police officer and doesn't seem to care about her. Why she was attracted to Reacher appears to me to be due to extreme loneliness.  The most likeible character in the story was the hotel receptioness in Hope. The bad guy  in the story wasn't that dislikeable         This was not the best book in the series.
006112429X|5.0|this book plays out like a horror novel, with the same slow build and gradual revelation of increasing atrocity - yet at the same time it feels utterly plausible.<br /><br />the narrator's voice is lucid and engaging, and the book ends on a note of truly moving revelation.<br /><br />second-person narration is really hard to do right, and this may be the best example of it that i've seen.
1576754499|5.0|After several years of trying different ways to help people get out of poverty, what Paul Polak shares in this book is the most practical and comprehensive help and guidance that I have found.   He is not a great writer, but the simplicity  common sense findings brings us back to basics to help people in poverty earn their way out of it, in an unsubsidized and sustainable way.    A must read for every one with interests in this endeavor!    Javier Amarante
B001B71NOI|5.0|I love this CD.  It is an amazing piece of work.  It took me a few listens to like it as much as I do now, but my first listen was all it took for me to know how great it is.  I just saw them live in CT at Mohegan Sun and the songs they played from this CD just makes me appreciate those songs even more.  Head Down is great, Echoplex is awesome, and Discipline is my favorite single from the last 3 major CDs NIN has released (as in I like that song more than both The Hand The Feeds and Survivalism).  This CD is a must buy.  Once you do, listen to it more than once in one sitting.  You'll be happy you did.
0380713802|4.0|I really enjoy Bill's relaxed style in his travels. He doesn't edit out the less complimentary aspects of his travels or of his own personality. Europe has such a rich history and varied cultures as well as climates are a treat as background for his dialogue. This is my 3rd Bryson read and thus far my favorite.
0618918248|2.0|Dawkins has good points to make. His biggest problem is hideous wordiness. He needs severe editing.     I saw him at a bookstore lecture discussing the book. He is the same in person. Maybe it's an English thing, but the guy really needs to learn to be succinct.
031606792X|5.0|Great book. I enjoyed the whole series!!!!! Would highly recommend all 4 books. You will not be let down.
B0018QCXGY|5.0|I liked it in the theater and love it even more in HD!    Paramount did a great job on this video release.
B00003CX9E|5.0|No matter how many times I have seen Welles's film, I continue to be impressed. Its acting, directing,and writing keep the story moving. Even knowing what \\"rosebud\\" is by now makes no difference. It is always worth watching. The second video, the battle Hearst waged against the film, was also fascinating. Quality service. Thanks !
B000ETQR3Q|4.0|What can I say? This gun represents Nerf's new N-Force product line as their flagship weapon. And the way this gun performs is great for the young, and the young at heart alike. The gun is split into two main sections, the long rifle part, and the shorter front attachment that can also function as a single-shot blaster. As far as the main gun is concerned, it functions much like an old bolt action rifle, with a six-dart magazine (which is quite cool, and it comes with two), and a bright orange handle on each side (works for lefties, as well) that loads the dart from the magazine and readies the weapon for firing. The one disadvantage of this is that it's awkward to aim the weapon and get your next shot ready, since the handle is so far back. This makes your firing speed a bit slower than one might hope, as those less strong (like kids) will have trouble priming it without bringing the gun down from firing position. It also has a \\"tactical rail mount\\" on top, (and a little optical sight made to look like a scope) which is just a bit wider than a picatinny rail (for those of you into guns), and with a bit of work (filing, cutting), can fit attachments (sights, etc.) designed for airsoft or other weapons. The back stock can be compressed to make the gun slightly smaller, and a collapsible bipod is permanently attached to the front. the handle on the gun is small (good for kids and those with small hands) but will also fit those with medium/larger sized hands (although not entirely comfortably)    Attaching the secondary blaster to the front of the gun doesn't improve range or accuracy, and makes the gun fairly long and unwieldy. (That \\"over 3-ft long!\\" selling point actually becomes a negative here.) If the secondary attachment is put on slightly at an angle or not locked in all the way (which is VERY easy to do) the darts can rub against the side of the barrel on the attachment and actually slow down, only firing about half as far as normal. It also makes the gun muchheavier and front-heavy, and kids might have trouble using the gun this way (or at least, they'll smack it into every wall when they turn around) I usually leave this off, and just have it as a secondary single-shot gun.     Overall, firing distances were comparable to other nerf guns, with ranges (5 ft. above floor, straight ahead, no wind) ranging from 25-35 feet. With a bit of practice, and arcing your shot (firing slightly upwards), you can be at least somewhat accurate at ranges beyond that. And if you miss, that's what your other 11 darts are for, right?     Remember, be sure to always teach your kids proper gun safety, even with nerf guns! At close range, you could seriously injure someone if a dart hits their eye. My \\"testing group\\" (my little nephews and nieces) had a blast with this gun, along with my other nerf weaponry, and I definitely recommend this gun to anyone looking to step up their nerf weapons, and give their kids (or themselves!) and advantage over the neighbors/roomates!
B00005JPS8|5.0|Absolutely flawless until the final 8 minutes where the CGI action was a tad too rushed, over-the-top, and phony-looking. But given it WAS the final 8 minutes and given the genius of the rest of the movie (look quickly and you'll see Captain America's shield in Stark's workshop about 2/3rds through the movie! What a little surprise among many!), the final 8 minutes are fully forgivable and can be considered just enough to allow a sequel (and/or The Avengers movie) to be even better.<br /><br />For those who salivate over The Dark Knight, it was a great crime movie, but a mediocre superhero movie. Iron Man was a GREAT superhero movie. #1 on many people's all-time lists.<br /><br />I, as many other reviewers I've read, despise Robert Downey, Jr., and Gwenyth anti-USA Paltrow in real life but they nailed the parts well, and like most of Angelina Jolie movies, they're better people in their movies than in real life. (Although Downey is far better in real life than he used to be, gotta give him a lot of credit.)<br /><br />Just flawless really and we don't hesitate to forgive the final 8 mins of stilted CGI action!!!
0571202284|5.0|This is an easy to understand book that i am sure will give me an edge starting my animation history classes. It lays everything out in an understandable format. great book
B000RPTQ1C|5.0|Unlike most reviewers here I came to this CD completely unaware of who Coldplay is or what they've done in the past. That said, I consider this probably the best music I've purchased so far this year. By the time track 10 arrived with its swelling chorus (\\"I don't want to have to battle from beginning to end / I don't want to have to cycle, recycle revenge\\") I was ready to run out and buy every other Coldplay CD in their catalog. I did get \\"Parachutes\\", and it failed repeat what I love about \\"Viva la Vida\\" -- the sharp lyrics matched to melodies that shift tempo perfectly in keeping with the emotions being expressed. I found \\"Parachutes\\" rather boring by comparison. Others will no doubt disagree, and that's fine. I'll keep listening to this one and enjoying every minute of it.
B0000CEB4V|4.0|This was a really moving, energetic, heartfelt tribute to George and his music.  The viewer can really tell that all of the musicians on the stage truly cared about him and knew him, by all of the emotion they put into the music.  It's such a striking contrast to some of the musical tributes that have been put together for John, where the majority of the musicians just didn't have that kind of connection to him other than being fans, weren't friends and didn't work together.  Just about everyone you would expect showed up, like Eric Clapton, Billy Preston, Jeff Lynne, Ravi Shankar, Paul and Ringo, and Tom Petty.  And since George loved Monty Python so much, they provide entertainment during the midway point.  I admit I'm not really a big fan of their style of comedy, but I loved \\"The Lumberjack Song.\\"  The show opens with a long program of Indian music; I know George loved Indian music, and his love of Indian music inspired me to get interested in Indian music, philosophy, and religion as well, but even I found it to be a bit tedious after 40 uninterrupted minutes.  I guess I haven't acquired a taste for Indian music in such large doses yet.<br /><br />After the long Indian program and the Monty Python intermission, things get down to business with the band.  Although Eric Clapton is by and large the leading person in this band, he never overwhelms the proceedings.  All of the various singers and musicians get a chance to shine, either when doing a solo or when jamming in harmony with everyone else.  While there are some songs that aren't as great as others (e.g., Tom Petty's voice isn't well-suited for \\"Taxman,\\" and Paul's decision to sing \\"For You Blue\\" as one of his numbers is a bit strange, since it's not one of George's more memorable songs), overall the concert is great.  Highlights include Ringo's \\"Photograph,\\" Billy Preston's soulful sweet singing on \\"Isn't It a Pity\\" and \\"My Sweet Lord,\\" Joe Brown's closing \\"I'll See You in My Dreams,\\" Tom Petty's \\"I Need You\\" (his voice is perfect for it, and it's long been one of my favorite of George's Beatles' songs), and Paul's moving rendition of \\"All Things Must Pass,\\" a song he and John long ago rejected as good enough for a Beatles' record.<br /><br />The first disc, which runs about two and a half hours, is so perfect that there's no need for the second disc.  The 20 or so minutes of interviews and extras could have easily been put onto the first disc.  Why would anyone want to see the edited version on the second disc when s/he's already seen the full-length masterpiece?  It's not even like these are different versions of the same songs or with different camera angles; it's the same exact concert, only with songs played out of order and some songs interrupted by interviews with the musicians!  If one only wants to see certain songs, or to skip past the opening Indian program, that's what the scene selection feature is for.  I would have easily given it 5 stars were it not for the superfluous second disc.voice is perfect for it, and it's long been one of my favorite of George's Beatles' songs), and Paul's moving rendition of \\"All Things Must Pass,\\" a song he and John long ago rejected as good enough for a Beatles' record.    The first disc, which runs about two and a half hours, is so perfect that there's no need for the second disc.  The 20 or so minutes of interviews and extras could have easily been put onto the first disc.  Why would anyone want to see the edited version on the second disc when s/he's already seen the full-length masterpiece?  It's not even like these are different versions of the same songs or with different camera angles; it's the same exact concert, only with songs played out of order and some songs interrupted by interviews with the musicians!  If one only wants to see certain songs, or to skip past the opening Indian program, that's what the scene selection feature is for.  I would have easily given it 5 stars were it not for the superfluous second disc.
0226039331|5.0|The BDAG is about the best lexicon out there in my opinion. Yes, it is expensive, but it's got the scholarship behind it, has MORE words than the Greek New Testament has in case you need to study extrabiblical literature, and also has expansive definitions.     Highly recommended.
031606792X|5.0|This is fantastic conclusion the series. I couldn't wait to get my hands on the final novel and it did not disappoint. It's amazing to me that it has taken \\"teen novels\\" to resurrect the old fashioned romance - novels that focus on unique characters, plot and building anticipation and/or suspense. A few of the things I enjoyed about this book was Bella's pregnancy, the heroic effort it took to give birth to the vamp/human baby, Nessie's unique gift, the threat to Nessie's existance and how it joins the vampires and the shape shifters, and how the key character's futures were neatly tied up in the end. It's a happy ending, but nothing was over the top. I'd love to read more novels like this!
0143038419|5.0|Great book.  Would totally recommend it. Wonderful story and author with great sense of humor.
B0017MO10U|5.0|A thoroughly entertaining and enjoyable end to the SG-1 saga. It is a fitting tribute to Don S. Davis who made his final appearance in Continuum... he was there for the first episode and said goodbye to us in this one. It was also great to see Richard Dean Anderson and hear the quirky \\"O'Neill\\" humor again, I have missed it.<br /><br />The movie has some outstanding scenes in the Arctic not the least of which is a sub coming up through the ice. The \\"grandfather paradox\\" raises some questions that has led to spirited discussion at Gateworld and other other places. Excellent commentary and extras.<br /><br />Well done SG-1!  Thanks for finishing the story... that's a wrap!
031606792X|4.0|NOTE: CONTAINS SPOILERS    While my reaction to Breaking Dawn was not so strong as to evoke tears, I found myself enthralled yet again with the world Meyer has created, staying up well past my bedtime several evenings last week simply because I could not put the book down. Meyer pulls readers into the lives of Bella and Edward with another fast-paced, compelling tale. The questions that have left readers hanging since the ending of last summer's Eclipse---will Edward and Bella consummate their relationship? And, more importantly, will Edward fulfill Bella's wish and turn her into a vampire?---are answered, and quite satisfyingly so, yet not without a few twists in between. Yet, while the plot of Breaking Dawn features heart-stopping action (quite literally) and nail-biting suspense, it is the romance at its core that makes this book---and its three predecessors---a success.    Breaking Dawn opens with the much-awaited wedding of Edward and Bella and their ever-more-anticipated honeymoon. Their union---a very traditional one despite the fact that one member of the pair is immortal---upholds the ideals that Meyer put in place at the very start of the series: abstinence, chivalry, and good, old-fashioned romance. The joy that follows is inspiring, showing readers that marriage, and the complete physical, spiritual, and emotional bond that it represents, is a worthwhile goal, and that true love is in fact possible.    Having a vampire for a spouse, however, brings a unique set of challenges for Bella, and the novel's major struggle gets under way when, just a week or so into her honeymoon, she discovers that she is pregnant---and that her unborn child is definitely more than human. And it is this event upon which the rest of the novel hinges. As Bella fights for the life of the child that is so clearly putting her own life at risk, Edward fights to save Bella, finding that only by giving her the immortality for which she has yearned does he have any hope of ensuring hersurvival. In what is quite possibly the most gripping scene Meyer has ever written, Bella gives birth and is then transformed; and, in a twist involving Bella's best friend, shape-shifting werewolf Jacob, all of the loose threads that have had readers in a frenzy for the past year are tied together with perfect precision, leaving the final half of the novel to focus on Bella's exploration of her new and very much improved life, and the lengths to which she and Edward will go to protect their family.    Breaking Dawn does, at times, resemble a gothic soap opera, and it admittedly wraps up the saga of Bella and Edward a bit too neatly. The ending is somewhat anti-climactic, and Bella's slightly obsessive focus on her newfound physical relationship with Edward is troublesome considering the young adult audience. Also quite troublesome is the fact that, because the main and most admirable characters are vampires, some readers are all-too-willing to place their admiration on the vampiric nature of these characters rather than their human traits. Yet these characters are admirable, not because they are vampires, but because they are vampires who acknowledge that being a vampire is wrong, and thus do what is right according to human standards in an effort to correct that wrong; in the end, it is their humanity that wins us over, not their immortality. As a result, the novel's positives far outweigh its negatives. The romance between Edward and Bella is as touching and magical as in the three previous books, and Edward continues to provide teenage girls with a gentlemanly ideal. Meanwhile, Bella's transformation and subsequent adjustment to life as a vampire is not only a great deal of fun to watch, it shows readers how focus, determination, and committment make it possible to achieve any goals one sets one's mind to---even if those goals involve immortality. Bella is able to adapt to her new life with ease that surprises all, controlling her vampiric urges with unwaveringrestraint and working to utilize her newly-acquired superpowers to protect her family.    And it is this family, and all that Bella comes to realize about it, that shapes the novel's strongest and most important message. Though Bella cannot imagine loving anyone or anything as much as she loves Edward, she loves her unborn child with as much, if not more, intensity from the moment she discovers she is pregnant, and this love only continues to grow after the child is born. Unlike the litany of young adult literature that encourages teens to experiment with sex, drugs, and relationships, positioning pregnancy as an evil to be avoided at all costs and marriage as the outdated end of their young lives, Breaking Dawn shows readers that marriage and family are goals worth striving for, and perhaps the most important goals of all. While Meyer has been accused of encouraging teens to toss off their college and career aspirations in order to marry and have babies, the truth is that she has simply shown a generation that has been told to cast off its ideals regarding love and family that these ideals do, in fact, hold value, returning to these notions a sense of respect and veneration that has been sorely lacking. And for those who are still concerned about Bella's lack of a college degree, one reviewer put it well when explaining that Bella has all of eternity to pursue as many degrees and career choices as she desires.    By the end of Breaking Dawn, Bella has her happy ending, and, while it is a bit contrived, it gives readers the satisfying sense that such happiness truly is possible and well worth hoping---and even holding out all eternity---for.
B00003RQNJ|4.0|This film comes closely along the heels of the seminal \\"Bonnie & Clyde\\" which was disturbing at the time to audiences for the graphic and gratuitous violence but that film paved the way for future films such as this one and even \\"The Godfather\\" to follow years later.  The similarities to \\"Bonnie & Clyde\\" are very striking and so I'll only mention a few of the obvious ones and you can see if you can spot any more for yourself: a dynamic duo of crime, fugitives from justice constantly running but with time to spend on leisure activities e.g. at the brothel for one or at the beach with family for the other, both wanting to \\"go straight\\" eventually but not knowing how and hence failing at the ultimate cost, both ending up in a ridiculously overkill hail of bullets ala using a sledgehammer to kill an ant and great acting among the key cast for both films.<br /><br />Although this film borrows heavily from \\"Bonnie and Clyde\\" in terms of the style and theme, it is still a very good film in its own right.  As a fan of good music, I was very impressed by the great Burt Bacharach score and with \\"Raindrops Keep Falling On My Head\\", this film started a precedent of its own in using \\"modern\\" pop music in a bygone era setting although I guess \\"Cat Ballou\\" just before this could claim the same thing.  The effect isn't as bad though as say the recent \\"First Knight\\" which used rock music as the score for a film about knights from the Middle Ages which totally threw me off.<br /><br />This dvd is quite well put together as the picture quality is quite good although the THX mastering is wasted on the Mono soundtrack provided and I hope the Blu-ray version that has just been released at least has Dolby Digital or otherwise 5.1 Surround Sound options in addition to a picture quality clean up.  The Making of documentary among the special features though was quite good and a nice touch for the dvd.<br /><br />Although not very original and too much like a \\"Bonnie & Clyde\\" clone or wannabe, this film is still very enjoyable to watch with a good blend of humour, action, drama and tragedy at the end.  In any case, although I despise copycats, I still found myself enjoying this film a lot more than I did \\"Bonnie & Clyde\\".<br /><br />Recommended although you should get the remastered and improved picture and sound quality of the Blu-ray version.  However, this dvd is still pretty good as far as standard formats go.y enjoyable to watch with a good blend of humour, action, drama and tragedy at the end.  In any case, although I despise copycats, I still found myself enjoying this film a lot more than I did \\"Bonnie & Clyde\\".    Recommended although you should get the remastered and improved picture and sound quality of the Blu-ray version.  However, this dvd is still pretty good as far as standard formats go.
B000ASATWQ|5.0|Excellent cd- The skies over Kingston lightin up- just lose Bobby Brown- he look like a fool on Ntv !
B000022TSY|3.0|This is certainly the best independent film ever made and is also one of the best films ever.  This film succeeds in documenting the 60s counter-culture a.k.a. hippy generation very well and explores even deeper issues in addressing questions such as what is freedom and does it really exist in the \\"land of the free and the home of the brave?\\"  Fonda and Hopper play a couple of bikers who ironically in trying to live a free life become hated by the mainstream who fear what this freedom represents.  This eventually results in their persecution and destruction.  I really enjoyed all the symbolism that inundates throughout the film from the insertion of the money into the gas tank painted with the Stars and Stripes symbolising how drug money obtained from drug pushing is effectively screwing the nation for example to the murderous scenes at the end symbolising the hypocrisy of a nation that espouses freedom that kills the very citizens that strive to practice it in its purest form.<br /><br />Jack Nicholson is excellent here as the drunken lawyer who is sympathetic to the bikers at the ultimate personal cost although the entire cast I thought was very good.  This film also must contain what must be one of the best ever movie soundtracks which has been very well remastered into Dolby Digital 5.1 Surround Sound quality.  The only unfortunate thing about this dvd version though is the poor picture quality which is full of imperfections such as white spots throughout.  Here's hoping the future Blu-ray release will address this issue.<br /><br />Otherwise, this is an excellent film that attempts to hide nothing and to fully show life in a certain period of the 60s warts and all.  No film buff's dvd library should be without this title but wait for a properly restored version perhaps on Blu-ray to surface and give this version a miss.<br /><br />Inspired film-making that rewards repeated viewing.<br /><br />Updated 29 May 2011:<br /><br />As Amazon will not allow me to review this separately the Blu-Ray version of this film is a little of a mixed bag as both the picture and sound qualities although an improvement over the dvd version are only slightly so.  As this was a low budget affair I suspect the 16 mm film can only look so much better even on 1080p without a proper restoration which hasn't been done here.  Still, if you haven't already got this film then this blu-ray version is the best there is to date but if you already have the dvd, it's tough to justify the double dip.  Maybe you will want to wait to see if a proper full-scale restoration is done on the picture quality for every frame and if they will provide a proper DTS HD MA 5.1 surround option as well as the Dolby True HD and PCM Surround options for some reason are not much better than the dvd version.this film is a little of a mixed bag as both the picture and sound qualities although an improvement over the dvd version are only slightly so.  As this was a low budget affair I suspect the 16 mm film can only look so much better even on 1080p without a proper restoration which hasn't been done here.  Still, if you haven't already got this film then this blu-ray version is the best there is to date but if you already have the dvd, it's tough to justify the double dip.  Maybe you will want to wait to see if a proper full-scale restoration is done on the picture quality for every frame and if they will provide a proper DTS HD MA 5.1 surround option as well as the Dolby True HD and PCM Surround options for some reason are not much better than the dvd version.
031606792X|2.0|Honestly, I was very disappointed with Breaking Dawn. Twilight was my favorite and I feel like the books go downhill from there. I understood she did what she could with the last book and endings and so forth...but really, she is no J.K Rowling.
031606792X|5.0|I absolutely loved the book. It was full of twists and turns and crazy ideas that would never have worked out with all the detailed explanations added by Stephenie. This book was different from the rest, that's for sure, but different in a way that made it \\"go out with a bang\\" so to speak. I love that Bella was able to become pregnant and I think that made for a very emotional book that sucked you in because you wanted to know what would happen to this mysterious half-vampire child.     I don't know why a lot of people are giving it bad reviews, other than they think it's too far-fetched and \\"too perfect\\". But guys, it's FICTION!! It's all made up in Stephenie Meyer's mind. I mean come on, the first books were about vampires for crying out loud. Of course strange things are going to happen when the whole series is based on fictional creatures. Besides, Stephenie had to do some crazy things to make it an interesting read. There was really no way to write it without unexpected twists or it would have gotten boring.    Anyway, I think that everyone that hasn't read it yet just needs to keep an open mind because all the confusion, loose ends, and weirdness are tied up by the end.     Thank you and great job Stephenie!!
B0017R5UAA|5.0|For a band with members as young as 21, it's amazing that they are able to capture and build upon mid sixties pop rock so well. You can hear the influences of The Byrds - The Notorious Byrd Brothers, The Beach Boys - Pet Sounds and unreleased SMiLE sessions, and the Crosby, Stills, Nash & Young catalog. Rather than just copy these artists, Fleet Foxes manages to incorporate some of the best elements of these bands and craft them into something new and refreshing. They have the vocal chops to pull it off too, with some of the best harmonies I've heard in a long time. Standout tracks are \\"Sun It Rises\\" and \\"White Winter Hymnal\\", but with repeated listenings, the entire release shows a band who is only just beginning to show what they are capable of. Fleet Foxes have a bright future ahead of them, and deserve a long and prosperous career in music. Very impressive and highly recommended.
0307346617|5.0|Sorry if this sounds a little scattered. I'm pretty tired.    I write this as a guy who was never really into the Zombie genre. I've never even been into the horror genre. I am a history geek through and through. After hearing some friends talk about Brooks' \\"Zombie Survival Guide\\", I decided to pick it up. I actually found it very entertaining, so I decided to take a look at \\"World War Z\\".    I must say that I finished it lastnight, but I really wasn't ready for it to end. I already miss reading it.     To me this book seemed like so many historic books that I've read that were written in the interview format. I loved how diverse the characters were. I loved how people in different part of the world (even different parts of a same continent) had different nicknames for the zombies. I loved the variations of the characters' parts of a shared experience. I really enjoyed looking at the psychological impact of a worldwide pandemic.     I think Max Brooks is a very clever guy. He wrote about different types of people from different cultures, occupations, lifestyles as if he was an expert on all of them (or at least he came off convincingly enough to make it believable).    I will recommend this book to friends and strangers, even if they're not a fan a the Zombie genre like I am now.    I do wonder how they will adapt this into a movie (I guess Brad Pitt will be producing it).    C
031606792X|5.0|This is a powerful book with a powerful message and it deserves better then any 1, 2 or 3 star review. I love how Stephenie concluded the series, *** SPOILER *** I love that none of the main characters had to die, I love that Bella will be able to keep the three men that she loves in her life, I love the surprises that would have never thought of, I loved that Bella got everything she wanted.     This is not Harry Potter, so if you wanted a book seven sorry for you but those of us that really enjoyed and love this book got what we wanted. We wanted to be taken to places that not possible in are every day lives. Please read this series it is awesome and Stephenie Meyers is an awesome author.
B000002UA2|4.0|not quite the pink floyd we know and love. i think that the songs on here are two short there all just three minutes long which is not pink floyd in least in some cases. and the type of music on here just isnt so much them but still is pretty good<br />the album before dark side of the moon<br />pretty good for any big floyd fan
1572816112|5.0|Deviant Moon Tarot is a feast for the senses, and not a superficial one. Patrick Valenza spent many years planning and designing this deck, and he is paid for his effort tenfold by the stunning images he has produced. The cards are packed with original symbolism and invite thoughtful and deep readings.    This deck will take you places you've only dreamed about!    It's been described by many as a 'dark' deck, but I would describe it as a 'deep' deck, built from dreams and madness, like the inspired ravings of a shaman.    A wonderful addition to any tarot collection, and a real treasure for any reader!     Emily Carding (author/creator of Transparent Tarot)    [[ASIN:0764330039 The Transparent Tarot]]
B00003CX8Y|4.0|so wonderful to see this again, my 2 1/2 year old can't get enough... i'm sure we'll wear out the disk before she's 3. :)<br /><br />(anecdote - we recently were in New York City, and upon passing St. Patrick's cathedral, my daughter started hollering 'hi Princesses! hi Belle! I'm your friend, are you home at the castle???\\" :)
031606792X|5.0|I just finished the book and I am very happy with the book. I don't understand the bad reviews but not everyone can be pleased. I loved how the book ended. I felt this book was very entertaining just like the others. My emotions were wild when I read this book, excitement, suspense, sadness, all of it. I enjoyed the rush.     I think the book is definitely a worth while read.
B0016B6ZKG|4.0|Let's give credit where credit is due:  Donna Summer is 59 years old and a grandmother, and she's come out of retirement to create an album of new songs (not covers) for the first time in 17 years, since 1991's \\"Mistaken Identity\\" (look for the later \\"Christmas Spirit\\" for an outstanding five-star Christmas \\"cover\\" album) - even though she's dealing with vocal issues she didn't have in younger years.  With an illustrious career spanning four decades, Donna Summer didn't have to do anything at all - and between her albums, her artwork, and the other kinds of \\"royalties\\" that being a Queen in music brings, I don't think having to pay bills is an issue for her.  So let's start with a heartfelt \\"thank you\\" for a new album, and an assurance that you, Donna, were never forgotten by your long-term fans.    While Donna Summer still has an outstanding voice that is better than much of what is out there nowadays - and put to good to excellent use on this album - age has brought its limitations.  Anyone looking at YouTube clips can see she's lost some of that outstanding mid-to-high range of long notes she used to hit - note in her tour how she drops her voice down rather than go higher in certain points in \\"MacArthur Park,\\" and she never attempts that wild long, high note one can hear on the studio version of \\"Last Dance.\\"  Long-term fans such as myself have the background to compare the studio and earlier versions, and know what's still here vs. what's missing.  And Donna's not alone - Barbra Streisand, in her recent tour, was wobbly on range transitions, though still excelling in the upper register.  Same thing with Marilyn McCoo of the Fifth Dimension, losing some of her trademark high range notes.  Yet Donna, at a recent performance at Mohegan Sun on the Crayons tour, showed she still can hit her top-range end-note, briefly, on \\"I Will Go With You,\\" so not all is lost.  The Queen is back, indeed.    \\"Crayons\\" is an attempt to attract new and young fans who buy music, to please old fans, to add to an artistic repertoire ongoing since 1974, and to show record companies that older artists still have what it takes, and deserve not to be put to pasture before their prime - and must be considered in that context.  That's a lot of agendas to fill, and this album meets the challenges successfully enough that, perhaps, a second album of original material (with some of the great songs that were on her website, but missing from this album) might come in a year or two, which would be the real achievement.  The fact that \\"Crayons\\" debuted on Billboard in America at #17 is a testament to this artist's durability, and sends a loud message that smart record executives will hopefully notice.    So, yes, some of the songs are designed to have more of an appeal to Brittany Spears-age fans than die-hard Donna Summer fans.  The clever conceit of \\"Crayons\\" is its view of each song as a different \\"crayon,\\" or colored flavor, within an album box - a mix of songs that showcase the different shades of Donna Summer.  It's probably her most clever \\"concept\\" since the outstanding 1977 \\"Once Upon A Time\\" and excellent 1980 follow-up \\"Bad Girls,\\" and some of the individual songs sounds NOTHING like anything she's ever released before - which is to her credit as an artist.    The palette ranges from a Tina Turner-esque \\"Slide Over Backwards,\\" to a samba-infused \\"Driving Down Brazil,\\" to the reggae fun of \\"Crayons,\\" which she clearly is enjoying singing on the album and on tour.  It is rare for an artist to show this kind of vastly diverse vocal and musical range on one album - despite quibbles other reviews will have about this song or that one.  If you have no idea who Donna Summer is and are thinking about buying an album, this is a good one to buy to get an understanding of her range - and you can find earlier albums that offer more interesting songs and vocal range (such as \\"State of Independence,\\" where Donna Summer has Bruce Springsteen as a back-up singer and guitarist on the outstanding rock \\"Protection,\\" or the incredibly beautiful \\"Friends Unknown\\" ballad starting side 2 of \\"Mistaken Identity,\\" her last full album of original material).    Fame, the \\"Queen of Disco\\" tag, and the compromises one makes to become a star work their way into this album, in \\"The Queen is Back,\\" \\"Fame (the game,\\" and others.  On my first pass through the album, I had it playing while drying dishes - but when \\"Be Myself Again\\" came on, I stopped everything, and nearly dropped a plate.  It is so dark, so different from everything that came before it, so moving, and so good that it literally stops you in your tracks - one of the best Donna Summer songs EVER, and one of the best songs you will hear this year by any artist.  Long-term fans, and some new ones, will wish every song on the album were that show-stopping.  They're not.  But many are good, and I've found that many will grow on you with time:  the hallmark of a good album.    Amazon says to aim for 75 to 300 words.  Yet it's longer reviews that really give insights that can help people decide whether or not to make a purchase.  Perhaps this will convince some people on the fence to make the purchase.  If \\"Crayons\\" can get into the top 10, that could lead to a second new album - so go out and buy it, and support one of the more outstanding female artists in the music industry.    Some gay and gay-friendly individuals here have posted complaints about an \\"It's Adam and Eve, not Adam and Steve\\" comment she supposedly made once that lost her some of her gay fan base.  These fans neglect to mention, or may not be aware, that Donna held a follow-up press conference shortly afterward to deny the accusation, and there is a video clip floating around of her at a podium over this, clearly visually upset, in fact almost about to break down in tears.  I believe she DID make the remark (I believe I have the Florida newspaper article written by a concertgoer who attended the concert when the remark was supposedly made) - but more as an in-concert banter \\"joke\\" that not only was not funny but horribly backfired, and made shortly after becoming \\"born again.\\"  We're all older and hopefully more mature nowadays, I've forgiven her for the faux pax, and encourage others to do so, as well.  \\"Enough is Enough\\" already, and one notable misstep doesn't warrant a lifetime punishment - to her as an artist, or to yourself for self-deprivation of excellent music.    As for the current tour, Donna is joined by dancers in different costumes, from an amusing \\"royal guard\\" trio with arms-length trumpets for \\"The Queen is Back,\\" to dancers dressed in different color shades for \\"Crayons.\\"  She wears a nice billowing summery dress when singing the beautiful \\"Sand on My Feet,\\" but the red hot pants worn in \\"Be Myself Again\\" - that make her look like she weighs 300 pounds, all below the hips - have GOT to go.  And Donna made one major mistake - she should have gotten Crayola involved as a corporate sponsor!    While \\"Crayons\\" is not a five-star album in my more critical eyes, I give it four stars as \\"very good,\\" and grant Donna her stated wish in some recent TV interviews - a new title, \\"Empress of Diversity,\\" to replace her previous title of \\"Queen of Disco.\\"      So buy the album, support the artist, and long live \\"The Empress!\\"
0761119752|5.0|This book is wonderfully written, as with most of Sandra Boynton's works.  The illustrations are very entertaining, and the story is fun and festive.  I have been reading this to my son since he was born, and he especially enjoys this book now at 3 years old.  One of our top 5 favorites!
B0011N1WE8|5.0|I enjoyed this movie very much. It was not a deep movie, but very fun and James McAvoy's eyes weren't bad to look at either!!!
B000E1ZBGS|5.0|Being fully aware of the backlash stating my take on the most beloved of the works of Miss Jane Austen I shall attempt to be as brief as possible, by purely stating my own opinion.<br /><br />First of all I will admit that this adaptation of the darling tale does speed through a bit faster than to be desired, but one must remember that this version was made for the cinema, and therefore does not have the advantage of the BBC mini series. On the other hand the fact that it is shorter in length makes it much more feasible for the hundreds of viewings I have endured blissfully.<br /><br />However in nearly every other category I prefer this rendition. I honestly find very little fault in absolutely anything in this movie. The principle actors portray each of their characters in the most beautiful, poetic manor. Particularly I adore Simon Woods as the nave Mr. Bingley, his eyes sparkle and I find myself believing every little word he speaks.<br /><br />Joe Wright did the most admirable job directing such a fantastic film, finding romance and tension in the smallest of actions between Elizabeth and Darcy. When Darcy offers his hand to help Elizabeth into the carriage, the moment is just breathtaking. Not to mention the cinematography and scenery are gorgeous scene after scene.<br /><br />Movie aside, the soundtrack encompasses some of the most beautiful music I could imagine; Most of the tracks by Jean-Yves Thibaudet are in high rotation on my itunes, my personal favorite being `Liz on top of the World.'.<br /><br />It's surreal. One of my most favorite, romantic, timeless films I have ever seen.
B00140PK6O|5.0|This was a joy to watch. If you love period films you will love this one!Such great talent! I laughed and cried.
B000055WIQ|5.0|VIDEO CASSETEE, \\" THE EXORCIST\\" THE VERSION NEVER SEEN BEFORE\\"     VERY REALISTIC, FIRST MOVIE OF IT'S TIME, MOST DISTURBING, AND VERY GRAPHIC LANGUAGE. NO OTHER HORROR MOVIE COMPARES, THAT IS, IF YOU COULD KEEP FROM TURNING AWAY!    IT WILL KEEP YOU UP AT NIGHT WONDERING COULD THIS EVER HAPPEN TO ME?
