0439023483|5.0|Suzanne Collins has pulled of an amazing feat with \\"The Hunger Games,\\" providing a heart-racing story that pulses with characters and a sense of old-time survival, while running parallel with near-future themes about society and entertainment. The premise--twenty-four contestants, ages 12-18, fighting each other to the end on national TV--sounds modern, but it hearkens to gladiator days, issues of genocide and oppression.<br /><br />Katniss Everdeen is the young woman caught up in a struggle for her life after deciding to take her younger sister's place in the games. Viewed as a hero for this, she becomes an audience favorite, despite coming from a traditionally weak district. But Katniss is not weak. She's a survivor. She's helped provide for her family. And, underneath it all, a core of rebellion has been growing against the totalitarian government of the Capitol (set in the Colorado Rockies). Further endearing her to the fans and further complicating her own decisions, a boy from her same district confesses that he is in love with her, just before the brutal games begin.<br /><br />Is Peeta lying to create sympathy for himself? Is he truly in love with Katniss? And if only one person can survive to win, who will it be? What about Katniss' family back home watching, and the boy she's grown close to during her hunting days in the woods of her past?<br /><br />Collins does an incredible job of world-building, showing us a place that feels familiar and believable, yet odd and unsettling. The games themselves have the feel of long history. The character-building is equally adept, with Katniss seeming heroic and vulnerable, strong yet feminine. This world and these characters come together in a plot that is startling, satisfying, and fast-paced.<br /><br />I've read some great books for this market--everything from Lord of the Rings, Chronicles of Narnia, Harry Potter, the Tripod Trilogy, and the recent \\"The Purloined Boy\\"--and this ranks up there with such classics. With the perfectly titled \\"Catching Fire\\" on its way, I look forward to even more from this series.ng Fire\\" on its way, I look forward to even more from this series.
B001PPLIFU|5.0|007 is always a good movie to watch. Full of action from the beginning until the end, and surround sound is amazing cause the blu ray disc allows listen to up to 7.1 channels of pure sound.
B0024F08RO|4.0|i've been watching this from the beginning and its so sad to see it over but it was coming. The only reason i'll be buying the dvd is so I can see the two extra episodes. I mean them just showing Michael's cemetary plot is just insane especially since i thought lincoln wouldn't make it to the end. I'm not the only who watched it to see michael and sara end up together with their child then four years later and no more michael. I'm just hoping these two straight to dvd episodes can show me more than the finale on tv. It left off in a weird place for me, i've never like shows that jump ahead more than a year and leave so much out.
B0013FSL0C|5.0|This is a great show, the performance of actor Gabriel Byrne is amazing, he really leads you into the world of psychotherapy... so this show turns to be a great tool for students of that subject and yet interesting and captivating for the whole audience.
0307266303|5.0|Born to Run succeeds at three levels. First, it is a page turner. The build up to a fifty-mile foot race over some of the world's least hospitable terrain drives the narrative forward. Along the way McDougall introduces a cast of characters worthy of Dickens, including an almost superhuman ultramarathoner, Jenn and the Bonehead--a couple who down bottles of booze to warm up for a race, Barefoot Ted, Mexican drug dealers, a ghostly ex-boxer, a heartbroken father, and of course the Tarahumara, arguably the greatest runners in the world.<br /><br />Born to Run is such a rip-roaring yarn, that it is easy to miss the book's deeper achievements. At a second level, McDougall introduces and explores a powerful thesis--that human beings are literally born to run. Recreational running did not begin with the 1966 publication of \\"Jogging\\" by the co-founder of Nike. Instead, McDougall argues, running is at the heart of what it means to be human. In the course of elaborating his thesis, McDougall answers some big questions:  Why did our ancestors outlive the stronger, smarter Neanderthals? Why do expensive running shoes increase the odds of injury? The author's modesty keeps him from trumpeting the novelty and importance of this thesis, but it merits attention.<br /><br />Finally, Born to Run presents a philosophy of exercise. The ethos that pervades recreational and competitive running--\\"no pain, no gain,\\" is fundamentally flawed, McDougall argues. The essence of running should not be grim determination, but sheer joy. Many of the conventions of modern running--the thick-soled shoes, mechanical treadmills, take no prisoners competition, and heads-down powering through pain dull our appreciation of what running can be--a sociable activity, more game than chore, that can lead to adventure. McDougall's narrative moves the book forward, his thesis provides a solid intellectual support, but this philosophy of joy animates Born to Run. I hope this book finds the wide audience it deserves.
B001N26GFM|5.0|This is a movie that should be on  the \\"must see\\" for all ages and all school children.  It is remembered by my generation but mostly lost on all succeeding generations.  This is a story that should not be forgotten, fiction or not.  This could happen again.  By reminding people of what did happen, maybe we can keep it from happening but we should all be aware.<br /><br />I liked this movie a lot.  The acting was great and the situation could have happened which makes it all more real.  This is a movie I will watch more than once.
B000009HF2|5.0|I really enjoy listening to Frampton's talking guitar on my fancy Ford pickup sound system...Rock on! Excellent sound quality!
031606792X|5.0|I thought the book was excellent! I am happy that everyone got what they wanted.  That is what fiction is for.  I am happy that I got to be sucked into a fiction for an hour or two instead of having to live my life for a change. I wish everything worked out in everyones lives like they do for Bella, Edward and the rest of the Cullen and Black family.  Thank you Stephenie for inspiring me and making me happy with characters I grew to love in my hard times!!!  If you do decide to finish Midnight Sun or any other book that has to do with this series...I would gladly be the first in line to buy!
B0024F08RO|5.0|Season 1-3 were excellent, Season 4 took the whole show to another level. The ending was one of the best TV endings since Sopranos.
0201721481|4.0|I think an introduction book is not only good for the beginners. It is good for the experienced to pick up from time to time as well. From a more seasoned programmer's point of view, it is fairly easy to go through the book from cover to cover (just to scan through and not line by line, of course). The key is to review the structure of the way the author presents the language and the techniques. I personally find it both useful and entertaining doing a review like that once in a while.<br /><br />I believe that it would be more difficult to write a good introductory book in C++ than an in depth monograph. The thing is that there are so many things in C++ and you will have to be very selective in what to include and you have to be very careful about how to present it in a way that the beginners will be able to follow and appreciate. This is the same as writing an introduction to any subject, only the best authors can do a good job and quite frankly, I think it is a job only the most experience authors should tackle. In that perspective, this volume is indeed quite good in that the scope it is trying to cover is quite complete and that it covers the material very well.<br /><br />However, I personally prefer another book that is even more focused on the most important aspects of C++ and will be able to bring the beginners up to speed even quicker. Please try \\"Accelerated C++\\" by  Andrew Koenig and Barbara E. Moo. That would be my 5 star selection.
B000005B0U|4.0|Got the blues? If you are a blues fan, this collection of blues will guarantee a heartfelt smile on your face. The actual movie wasn't perfect as far as movies go, and had some really mixed reviews. Some loved it and some hated it. For those Blues Brothers fans who are attached to the original film version and music, this new one did not win them over. However, it would be refreshing for some blues purists and nay sayers to see this movie, and especially hearthe music in it with fresh eyes and ears. Really, it is one of the most joyful collections of blues music from some of the world's blues greats who never have gotten a chance to collaborate in a musical venture with such fun and such obvious mutual adoration. What a delight this is. Some of my personal favorites were: 'How Blue Can You Get', 'New Orleans', a masterful and seasoned version of 'Respect' by the great Aretha, John Popper's Harminica playing, a delightful collaboration with John Goodman 'I'm looking for a Fox', an enthralling choral rendition of 'John the Revelator', and many other great songs with fabulous singers and musicians. What a treasure this CD is. However, I have only one serious complaint about this CD: the producers neglected to include the deeply soulful acapella version of 'John the Revelator' by Taj Mahal - blues at it's original best. It would also have been great if they had also included the songs played in the credits. They are so worthy of adding to this recording. They are all a great tribute to our great Blues Masters. (Perhaps they could do a reissue with this left out music included.) This is super travelling music and a nice introduction to some Blues singers you may not have heard yet. As I said before, if you have the blues and you love the blues, listen to this and weep no more. I NEVER usually buy movie theme music, but this is a must have!
B000SFJWLU|2.0|To me they sound like a metalcore wannabee band doing 80's pop cover songs. Sure they got a skull with brass knuckles in the teeth and a pretty tough sounding name, but I can't help but hear 80's new wave with heavy guitars doing the rhythm instead of keyboards. Even when the heavier vocals and music kick in I still can't escape the sense that they are just in the wrong genre. Radio friendly new metal pop core?    I give them 2 stars cause they really are talented. I just feel like they took the angst and grit out of hardcore and made it socially acceptable for the MTV crowd, trying to convince the real hardcore kids they didn't in the process.
B001MEJY8W|3.0|MARTYRS<br /><br />*** Out of 5<br /><br />Release Date- September 3rd, 2008<br /><br />Running Time- 97-Minutes<br /><br />Rating- NR<br /><br />Writer/Director- Pascal Laugier<br /><br />Starring- Morjana Alaoui, Mylene Jampanoi, Catherine Begin<br /><br />With American horror being hit or miss it was Asia taking charge of the horror genre and we saw a slew of hits from there most notable probably Japan and South Korea, but in recent years Asia has taken a bit of a backseat and its Europe now taking charge. European horror has always been excellent, but there was a time when nothing really great was coming out of there, but that has all changed and France is now red hot. With the success of Haute Tension, France was back in full force and Inside just put them over the top as possibly the best place for horror right now.<br /><br />Martyrs is the latest horror flick to come out of France and a lot of people have compared this a bit to Hostel. I suppose I can see maybe a little bit of an influence, but it's also very different. Martyrs has been labeled with the ever annoying \\"torture porn\\" phrase, which is something I hate. Movies like Martyrs go about trying to freak out the audience in a different way than the run of the mill slasher movie. What people forget is these so called torture porn flicks have been around since the 60s, but really took off in the 70s. Difference though is back in the 60-80s these movies had almost no mass appeal and only played big at Drive-Ins where as now these movies have become mainstream and are big money makers.<br /><br />Martyrs has a lot of hype coming behind it and has already started to build a nice cult following, but I have to say I wasn't really impressed with Martyrs. I don't think the movie was bad, but I did find the movie to have many flaws. I've seen so many movies like this that I guess it gets tougher and tougher to shock me and while I did find this quite shocking and brutal at times, but I also found it lacking. I suppose my biggest problem was the movie was violent for the sake of being violent. Sure you can say the same exact thing about many of these types of flicks made in the 70s and 80s. Some were made as some kind of social comment, but many were made simply to make a shockingly violent movie, but something about those worked better than Martyrs.<br /><br />The screenplay by Pascal Laugier is rather weak; the characters lack any depth and are never really developed, but there were some good ideas, but they were never explored and it seems Pascal Laugier was writing filler scenes until he got to the violent scenes. The character of Lucia played by Mylene Jampanoi was a very interesting character; due to events in her life she is deeply disturbed and riddled with guilt. I can't explain further as it would spoil the movie, but odds are you'll figure out why she feels guilty before we're told why. But even though the character was quite interesting she was failed by her writer and never fully developed or explored.<br /><br />The biggest problems here are simply weak characters that while interesting are never developed and the plot is also never really developed either and too many times it all felt like filler scenes until we get to the violence. Granted movies like Martyrs aren't always known for their plots, but this just seemed like less plot than movies like this with little plot.<br /><br />As director Pascal Laugier fairs a little better, but the problem with the script was sort of the same with his directing. More focus was put behind the violence and very little was done with the characters. It seems when he was writing he thought ok what's the most sickening thing I can write? Ok done, so how is the most sickening way can I shoot it? The problem I had with this was it seemed too forced; to me it seemed like he was just trying to one up other filmmakers and I just felt as if the violent scenes were forced rather than coming out natural. Make no mistake Pascal Laugier delivers some truly shocking scenes and the final act of the movie is deeply twisted and quite shocking in it's brutality and these scenes as well as the whole movie are bound to offend and turn off some viewers. Martyrs isn't for all horror fans and I can't help, but think many of the negative reviews stem from the viewer not being a fan of this kind of movie.<br /><br />Though there are also people like me who knew what to expect going and are fans of exploitation cinema that didn't really like the movie. But I do feel a lot of negative reviews are more based on people not being into this kind of movie. I didn't hate Martyrs by any means, but I was just never hooked. The characters are sympathetic due to what they go through, but I think had they been better developed the viewer would have more of an attachment. You don't have to spend half the movie developing them, but when the movie was done we the audience don't a thing about the characters and it's hard to relate to them when we know not a thing about them and you can't even assume what they are like either. Like I said it seemed Pascal Laugier was simply aiming to make a movie as shocking as possible and while he does sort of achieve that it feels too forced at times to fully work.<br /><br />Martyrs has been compared to Eli Roth's Hostel, which I suppose are some what a like at times and while Hostel often gets mixed reviews I think it's better than people give it credit for. The characters are actually well developed and each one has their own personality. Whether or not you like them is a different case, but there is character development and that's really lacking in Martyrs.<br /><br />The performances were actually quite solid; Mylene Jampanoi as Lucie is excellent despite never being developed. Her performance was full of pain, rage, anger and guilt and she really knocks it out of the ballpark, but too bad the character wasn't developed since Mylene Jampanoi gives a terrific performance and one can only wonder how much better it would have been with a character that was developed. Morjana Alaoui as Anna also delivers a top notch performance and really shines, but like Mylene Jampanoi, Morjana has very little too work with, but makes the most out of it.<br /><br />Overall Martyrs is quite shocking in its violence; the movie is bloody, but not really gory well for the most part. Martyrs aims to shock and disturb the viewer, which is sort of does. Like I said sometimes it just felt too forced to fully work, but at the same time it's enough to stick with the viewer. Martyrs had all the makings of a genre classic, but poor plotting and weak characters hold it back and just keeps the movie average at best. Fans of this style of movie I would recommend it, but don't expect a classic. For those not into this style of film you are better off avoiding.quite shocking in it's brutality and these scenes as well as the whole movie are bound to offend and turn off some viewers. Martyrs isn't for all horror fans and I can't help, but think many of the negative reviews stem from the viewer not being a fan of this kind of movie.    Though there are also people like me who knew what to expect going and are fans of exploitation cinema that didn't really like the movie. But I do feel a lot of negative reviews are more based on people not being into this kind of movie. I didn't hate Martyrs by any means, but I was just never hooked. The characters are sympathetic due to what they go through, but I think had they been better developed the viewer would have more of an attachment. You don't have to spend half the movie developing them, but when the movie was done we the audience don't a thing about the characters and it's hard to relate to them when we know not a thing about them and you can't even assume what they are like either. Like I said it seemed Pascal Laugier was simply aiming to make a movie as shocking as possible and while he does sort of achieve that it feels too forced at times to fully work.    Martyrs has been compared to Eli Roth's Hostel, which I suppose are some what a like at times and while Hostel often gets mixed reviews I think it's better than people give it credit for. The characters are actually well developed and each one has their own personality. Whether or not you like them is a different case, but there is character development and that's really lacking in Martyrs.    The performances were actually quite solid; Mylene Jampanoi as Lucie is excellent despite never being developed. Her performance was full of pain, rage, anger and guilt and she really knocks it out of the ballpark, but too bad the character wasn't developed since Mylene Jampanoi gives a terrific performance and one can only wonder how much better it would have been with a character that was developed. Morjana Alaoui as Anna also delivers a top notch performance and really shines, but like Mylene Jampanoi, Morjana has very little too work with, but makes the most out of it.    Overall Martyrs is quite shocking in its violence; the movie is bloody, but not really gory well for the most part. Martyrs aims to shock and disturb the viewer, which is sort of does. Like I said sometimes it just felt too forced to fully work, but at the same time it's enough to stick with the viewer. Martyrs had all the makings of a genre classic, but poor plotting and weak characters hold it back and just keeps the movie average at best. Fans of this style of movie I would recommend it, but don't expect a classic. For those not into this style of film you are better off avoiding.
0634022296|5.0|Great chordbook for Beatles lovers in beginner and medium levels. You'll be able to play all your favourite Beatles songs.
B001NFNFNU|3.0|While I found the story fascinating as both history and the story of a mother's anguish, I found Angelina Jolie's performance an amazing hash of good acting, over the top emoting, and strangely enough flat spots.  The story held my interest for most of the two hours.
B001M3JU5U|4.0|not what I expected!!!! I thought it would be harder. The sound is great but what else would you expct from Nikki Sixx NO underlying Crue tones!!!!
B001MW0J2O|5.0|I have not been able to stop listening to this album. The sounds that fly through the air into each ear recharges my belief in music. Merriweather Post Pavilion is a symphony of wild colors that melts the mind in a refreshing manner.
1439102813|5.0|My mother died from Alzheimer's and I wish I had read this book before that happened.  Knowing what my mother was \\"feeling\\" would have made it easier to help her.  Anyone dealing with an Alzheimer's patient should definitely read this book.
006092988X|5.0|I read this book when I was 12, 13 years old, back when I was still in junior high. Even then, I love it. The prose is clear, simple, and truthful, but there are phrases in it that give off beauty--like the passages that describe Francie's imaginings, or her simple awe at the simplest things. A Tree Grows in Brooklyn is truly like life.<br /><br />I grew so attached to the characters that when Francie worked to gain a measure of her mother's love for Neeley, I felt my heart hurt the way hers would have. When Johnny died, I cried (and still do, even after all these years). I love that everyone in the novel, from Francie and her family to the simplest store owner, has depth, and weaknesses and strengths like anyone else.<br /><br />I highly recommend it to anyone, adult or child!
0140120416|5.0|This is a great handbook and reference text. To complement this I just found a completely amazing new online course at [...] which has superbly organized audio files accompanied by text and all for only about $[...] US.  If I had known about listen2russian I would never have hired a tutor! So do get the Nicholas Brown but the listen2russian course is a gift from the gods.
0316044695|5.0|A great read about Navy Seals and Marcus Lattrells harrowing experience in Afghanistan. Part of the book is a case study about difficult choices in combat, the complex consequences of those decisions, and a testimony to the importance of maintaining a special forces training program free of 'G.I. Janes' who think being soldier can be reduced to simply being able to 'pull a trigger'. The book is similar to 'BlackHawk Down' at points in its story and a valuable addition to true to life war tales. Makes one very appreciative about the training and sacrifice that our soldiers make in order to defend our country and free people around the world.
B000CNFC76|5.0|I purchased this movie for a friend who loves playing golf. I wanted to cheer him up since his both kidneys are not working an he has to go through dialysis twice a week.
B001XJEKGC|2.0|Eric Clapton and Steve Winwood put on a trio of fantastic shows, and the audio from this package proves that. Sadly, half of this DVD unwatchable due to the lack of continuity. Unlike the Cream 2005 DVD where performances from particular nights are showcased, this video is chopped up from all three nights with changes in appearance frame to frame. Bloody-freaking-annoying. The bonus features are very enjoyable. A nice 34 min documentary, and bonus performances make Disc 2 more entertaining than the concert itself. I say skip the DVD and buy the CDs from this concert.
B001AVEJ1Y|1.0|As a lifelong star trek and sci-fi fan I'm shocked this movie is getting glowing reviews. As far as I'm concerned this movie devolved sci-fi.   Yes, I loved the original star trek as a kid but as time has moved forward I've gotten used to better characters and more innovative story lines. I'm enough of a fan of the series that the lack of imagination in the story line would have been forgiven if they had simply gone somewhere with the characters.    None of the characters came to life for me. Basically if I hadn't known them from the TV series they would not have had personalities. The worst was the James Kirk, who is even less evolved than the TV show counter point; I didn't really think THAT was possible.   I was so excited about this movie and it was a complete waste of time. Worse, they did such a poor job of developing a story line I doubt the movie would make sense to someone who hadn't watched the original series.   This was simply a vehicle to make lots of money from a firmly established fan base for a substandard story with poor characterization at least in the past that meant the special effects would be leap ahead but not this time, the special effects were average. Basically the only good thing I can say for it is that it's better than nothing but not by much.
B001EOQWEO|5.0|Besides being an incredibly well-made film, this version of the product has several interesting features and interviews that lends insight into the thinking behind the project, how it came about, and the joy of making a film that entertains while still carrying a message.
B001U0HBQ0|5.0|Video  AVC @ 36Mbps average - Very nice transfer    Audio  DTS HD 5.1 @ 3.3Mbps - Too clean at times!  I can notice the difference between dub and live-recording for some two-shot scenes.    Extra  Presentations have criterion's flare to them.  The main making-of feature, which is very lengthy and in-depth, is in 1080i HD.    Nothing to really complain about.  A quality Blu-Ray from Criterion.
B000Y7ZHCU|5.0|The DVD of her top-rated Las Vegas show during her final year is absolutely fantastic.  This would be a great souvenir if you went to see the show live and a wonderful performance to watch and listen to if you weren't able to see her in Vegas. I recommend you buy the two-disc DVD set---the special features are outstanding since after you watch her live show you can then watch from backstage as they are doing the show and then watch the interviews including footage of Celine at home with her son and husband. Her voice is amazing and the selection of songs for her final year of shows is great. I suggest you Google Celine Dion and her \\"A New Day\\" DVD and see and hear a sample of the show, esp. \\"River Deep, Mountain High\\" if you haven't seen her perform this song the way she did it in Vegas. Note: although the song was written by Phil Spector for Tina Turner, Celine's rendition is so much sexier and polished than Tina's recording of the song.  This is a must-have DVD and will be a classic!
B001GCUNYO|5.0|They don't make good action flicks like they used to. Nowadays everything is CGI matrix style (which I have no problem with) but sometimes, a guy kickin' butts and busting heads is extremely refreshing. Neeson's performance is superb. Flawless. This guy is like a hybrid between Jason Bourne and Jack Bauer. The sound in the movie is also awesome. If you have a good Home Theater system (How someone can own a Blu-Ray player and a have bad Home Theater system is beyond me), put this movie in your Blu-Ray player, get some popcorn and blast away. Let the neighbors complain. Who cares. Liam Neeson stole the show on this one.
B0024F08RO|4.0|Scolfield (Wentworth Miller) and Burrows (Dominic Purcell) and the others find themselves working with an FBI agent (Michael Rapaport). He claims he'll clear their names if they steal something from the Company that's very important to them. While Sarah is really alive and joins Michael's team.<br /><br />  That's only the beginning of the season. There's many twists and turns as the season goes on. This last season certainly doesn't disappoint and it's probably the best next to season 1. The season was packed with action and drama. The series finale was one of the more satisfying ones to any show. The only thing that bugged me a little was the very end but I can't really say it didn't work. It's just not how I preferred to see it end.
B001EOQWF8|4.0|Video  AVC @ 26Mbps average - Considering it isn't one of the higher bitrates for Blu-Ray movies, Wall-E is clean and crisp.    Audio  DTS HD 6.1 @ 4.2Mbps average    Extra  Nice short called Burn-E - a service robot's side story from Wall-E adventure.  All extras in 1080p HD - including documentary on how Pixar became what it is today.    Only thing I didn't like about it was how it long it took to \\"LOAD.\\"  Although, a warning message says \\"you may experience 2~3 minutes of delay,\\" initial load felt like ages.
0307346617|5.0|This book is so damn good. There is no way that I can describe it fully just because it goes so beyond anything else that I've read in a while. I've read Max Brook's other book the Zombie Survival Guide and even though that was good fun, this book blows it completely out of the water. Like seriously, each story has something to share and even though there are some that stand out a bit more than others (such as the blind samurai)the package as a whole is impeccable. If you're into zombies at all or are just a fan of good things you MUST check out this book!
B00013RC66|5.0|Alex Barnes (Debra Winger) is unsatisfied with her job in the justice department. She longs for intrigue and adventure, not mundane beaurocracy. Well, her wish for release is granted in the form of a female serial-murderer (Theresa Russell!) who preys on unsuspecting billionaires. Ms. Russell is the perfect bait, snare, and death-trap. She is a chameleon, assuming any identity necessary to trick her clueless victims. She is cunning, resourceful, and (most importantly) unhindered by conscience or remorse. Alex is absolutely captivated by this cold, lethal creature, to the point of obsession. She leaves everything else behind in order to track down and stop this merry BLACK WIDOW. Great stuff indeed! Watch for Terry O'Quinn (Stepfather 1 and 2) as Alex's boss, Dennis Hopper (Blue Velvet) as a doomed toy magnate, and the immortal Mary Woronov (Death Race 2000, Night Of The Comet) as a scuba-instructor! Highly recommended...
B000MNP2KI|5.0|This is Bond at his toughest.  Daniel Craig's 007 is a one-man wrecking crew.  He's practically a superhero, smashing through walls, fighting multiple baddies at once and keeping up with vehicles on foot.  None of the other Bond films come close to portraying a Bond this unpolished and brutal.<br />The story is entertaining and easy to follow.  The villain Le Chiffre is not threatening until a torture scene wipes out any sympathy he may have generated from his predicament with the even bigger fish he is working for.<br />There are a number of memorable action scenes, primarily the open chase scene where 007 pursues a man with a bomb on foot.  Its jaw-dropping and the stunts are amazing.  I'm not much of a card player, but I have to say, even the card playing scenes were exciting.  A minor quibble I have is that the closing fight in Venice doesn't stand up as well when compared to the other great action pieces throughout the film. Arguments could easily be made that this is the best Bond film ever.
0399250395|5.0|I bought this book for my grandchildren who live across the country.  Their Mom, a school psychologist, praised the choice!  The children love it, and it is fun to read it to them.
B001K98MFK|5.0|Everything about this DVD is better. Get this one if you are even considering getting this movie!
0143113100|5.0|I am not yet finished reading this book, but I find it highly informative, clear without losing sight of the science or the audience, and basically an excellent book on the topic of neuroscience and neuroplasciticy for the 'lay person' as well as for some of us who work in rehabilitation and clinical professions.  Very good!
B000HKWK2Y|5.0|Amazon.com's downloadable episodes have made it easier for me to continue the voyages of the Starship Enterprise in my own home, from my own set top box. The quality is excellent, and the shows as fun as I remember. TOS all the way, baby. :D<br /><br />J
B00002ND77|5.0|This movie shows a lot of details about the late Malcom X before and after Islam. Malcom was a drinker smoker & drug user, a smooth criminal, until he was locked up for 8 years for robbery. He met this brother from the radical Nation of Islam  which he accepted.  After Malcom was released and started talking to people about Eligahi Muhammud and the nation of Islam, his so called brothers started to hate on him. Malcom knew that Islam did not teach hatred, that it's not about skin tone but it's about piety to the One true God.  This is a good movie it's deep! I say more power to brother Malcom for opening his heart to Islam. Any group that teach hatered is not a religion it's a seperatist radical man made club, not a house of God. Malcom knew that skin tone does not define a persons character.
B000WGWQG8|5.0|You need to watch this if you are at all interested in the history of this country.
0307387178|4.0|I found myself profoundly sad when I finished this book. Mostly because Chris McCandless was seriously mentally ill (I believe schizophrenic, there are articles that support this theory) and never got any sort of help. He was so desperately searching for something-maybe to feel better, to reinvent himself, to do something profound.  He just sinks deeper into his isolation and cannot cope in a situation way over his head. Thinking of him laying in that bus alone dying haunts me.  I often wonder why no one tried harder to track him down, stage some sort of intervention-something! Or maybe there are people that just truly can't be helped?    I do wish the book provided more photographs of Chris and details on his life, and less about Krakauer comparing himself to Chris (I was really only interested in Chris' story).    Another sad portrait of a well intentioned but misguided individual (much like the late Timothy Treadwell). I don't think MacCandless' story should be romanticized-what he did was the result of a severely mentally ill person who increasingly lost his hold on reality. He is not to be emulated.
B001ILFUDM|5.0|Pinicchio is a movie I grew up watching, and is still fun to view with my kids today.
B001QWBM62|5.0|I sold my Marantz 660 recorder to purchase this one.  I haven't been disappointed. The software options bundled on this recorder alone make it one of the most versatile recorders on the market.  For example, being able to use the recorder as a pass-through to my computer is great, plus being able to record in more than 5 audio modes (which the marantz did not).  I would certainly recommend this to another recorder enthusiast. I can't wait to see how they improve this already great product.
B001QB9H10|5.0|I have to comment on the poster art here.  It shows Frank Martin(Jason Statham) packing heat in both hands.  If memory serves, not once in the film does Martin fire a shot.  There's also an irresistable babe on the cover but I've noticed that other reviewers have commented on Natalya Rudakova's looks.  Other than that, \\"Transporter 3\\" is great!!!  The makers of this franchise have latched onto a formula and run with it.  They combine elements of Bond, \\"Die Hard\\" and \\"Speed\\" but infuse enough originality to avoid being derivative.  I don't have enough superlatives for a flick that orchestrates a chase scene with the Stooges \\"I Wanna Be Your Dog\\".  As for Statham, he's the real deal.  He can quip like Connery and kick it like Arnold and Bruces Willis and Lee.  I remember a local critic stating that the contemporary crop of Brits are on the wimpy side but methinks he's seen too many Orlando Bloom flicks and not enough Statham and Clive Owen.  As for Natalya, looks aside, I was getting a strong Kate Capshaw a la \\"Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom\\" vibe from her.  Not enough to ruin what I hope will be a long fruitful franchise.
037582913X|5.0|This is the favorite book of my 3 kids, I have a grandson now, and ordered it for him.  It arrived promptly and in excellent condition.
B002PMPTIO|5.0|The new film comes at a critical and uncertain time for the Star Trek franchise following the cancellation of Star Trek Enterprise series in it's fourth season due to continually declining ratings along with the poor box office performance of the Star Trek Nemesis film in 2002. The failure of this film would have been disastrous and might have plunged the entire franchise into a deadly downward spiral. The Star Trek franchise was forced into survival mode and has risen to the challenge like a Phoenix out of the ashes.<br /><br />The producers of the new Star Trek film had the extremely difficult task of taking Star Trek to the next level while simultaneously honouring the enormous legacy of Star Trek. They have succeeded in not making an incredible film but one that feels like the glowing culmination of a long proud tradition. They have truly turned the legacy of Star Trek into an international institution... the new Star Trek is so good it should be illegal. The films is not what you would expect, it is different but brilliant. Yes it is over the top, it is fast paced, it is action packed and it is a typical film of this decade yet it stands out as different because it is top notch and so satisfyingly done, script, story line, dialogue, special effects, history and action sequences are excellent and all perfectly balanced. This is an extraordinary achievement in an era of senseless, plot-less, special effects films. The film is relentlessly fast paced while amazing still retaining an intellectual core, which is at the heart of Star Trek. The film will satisfy both escapist audiences, out for a thrill ride, and intellectual audiences who are able look beyond the special effects and into the studies of human psychology and philosophy. This film is set to capture a whole new generation of Star Trek lovers, where as if they had attempted to make a more intellectual slower paced story it would have failed miserable, failing to capture the low attention span audience of today. Star Trek, in the film as well as in real life, has had to adapt rapidly to new circumstances, new audiences with different requirements, in order to survive. This film is no less than Star Trek on steroids needing to be bigger and better in order to compete with it's own history and the new standards set by other sci-fi series such as Battle Star Galactica.<br /><br />The premise and themes explored in the new Star Trek remain true to the original vision of Gene Roddenberry and therefore stands proud in the tradition of its forefathers. As with the Star Trek franchise this film deals with the best possible future of humanity, represented by Star Fleet, the peaceful cooperation of all races and individuals working together within the Star Fleet framework which allows them to people to contribute their individual strengths and limit individual flaws. The film suggests that humanity will achieve this altruistic future and that this is what will ensure our long-term future survival.<br /><br />There are so many themes that Star Trek delves into, if you look underneath the surface Star Trek is a deeply positive metaphor for human history, fighting the odds of our survival since the beginning of time. If you can adapt fast enough to change, to something new entering your world, then you will survive, if not, like a dinosaur, eventually you will die out. Star Trek studies which human qualities allow us, a comparatively physically small and weak species, to have such a strong survival ability.<br /><br />One of these qualities is the role that human emotion plays in survival. The character development of Kirk and Spark are used to explore this. Spark represses his emotion allowing him superior logical abilities and Kirk is all unchecked emotion and instinct allowing him fast reaction and bravery. Emotion is revealed as a double edged sword, being both a potential weakness, repression of emotion leading to inability to respond fast enough when your survival is threatened, and a potential strength, unchecked emotion leading to failing to assess a situation correctly and fatal mistakes. Nero epitomizes the unchecked emotion in the hands of someone who possesses incredible technological power. Totally blinded by the pain of loosing his entire home world, Nero, having no enemy to blame, turns his rage to Star Fleet. He blames Star Fleet, for it's failure to save them in time, not clearly seeing that Star Fleet tried there best to evacuate his planet before a super nova of nearby sun caused its destruction. It is not logical to wage war against someone who tried to help you, and failed, but this is the exactly the point, negative emotions are blind, illogical and lead to destruction.<br /><br />Not only is emotion explored on an individual basis but also in a group setting, leading us see what role co-operation plays in our survival and how that relates to emotion. At the core of humanity is our ability to co-cooperate and work together as a group giving us all a much greater chance of survival. In typical Star Trek style we see people of all colours and all nations working together for the benefit of all sentient beings. Spark and Kirk are two opposites whose only chance of survival is working together and finding a balance between allowing emotion (when quick response to a situation is required) and repressing emotion (when intelligence is needed to clearly asses the situation). Co-operation is possible for them because humanity has achieved unity of cause and co-operation under the framework of Star-fleet.<br /><br />On the surface Star Trek is all special effects and action like you have never seen before. Action sequences are intelligent and make sense. The story line is intelligent and complex and only at one point in the film they do deviate from plausibility to do senseless special effects when they create an alien monster stupidly chasing Kirk on a planets surface. This ridiculous scene should be cut. The pace of the film is incredibly fast moving, so intense that it is almost unbearable. Creating a realistic and believable experience of space ship in space is incredibly difficult get right. The sizing and relative movement of spacecraft has been vastly improved giving you a sense of reality that has never before seen before. The space ships are so incredibly large that they feel real.<br /><br />I do understand why some people say that there is a lack of character development and story because if you do not take the time to look deeper and are unfamiliar with the themes of Star Trek and the personalities of the crew you could easily fail to appreciate actually how brilliantly the characters are developed and themes are explored within the incredible short time available given the insane pace of the action in this film. My rating is five stars plus.th, unchecked emotion leading to failing to assess a situation correctly and fatal mistakes. Nero epitomizes the unchecked emotion in the hands of someone who possesses incredible technological power. Totally blinded by the pain of loosing his entire home world, Nero, having no enemy to blame, turns his rage to Star Fleet. He blames Star Fleet, for it's failure to save them in time, not clearly seeing that Star Fleet tried there best to evacuate his planet before a super nova of nearby sun caused its destruction. It is not logical to wage war against someone who tried to help you, and failed, but this is the exactly the point, negative emotions are blind, illogical and lead to destruction.     Not only is emotion explored on an individual basis but also in a group setting, leading us see what role co-operation plays in our survival and how that relates to emotion. At the core of humanity is our ability to co-cooperate and work together as a group giving us all a much greater chance of survival. In typical Star Trek style we see people of all colours and all nations working together for the benefit of all sentient beings. Spark and Kirk are two opposites whose only chance of survival is working together and finding a balance between allowing emotion (when quick response to a situation is required) and repressing emotion (when intelligence is needed to clearly asses the situation). Co-operation is possible for them because humanity has achieved unity of cause and co-operation under the framework of Star-fleet.      On the surface Star Trek is all special effects and action like you have never seen before. Action sequences are intelligent and make sense. The story line is intelligent and complex and only at one point in the film they do deviate from plausibility to do senseless special effects when they create an alien monster stupidly chasing Kirk on a planets surface. This ridiculous scene should be cut. The pace of the film is incredibly fast moving, so intense thatit is almost unbearable. Creating a realistic and believable experience of space ship in space is incredibly difficult get right. The sizing and relative movement of spacecraft has been vastly improved giving you a sense of reality that has never before seen before. The space ships are so incredibly large that they feel real.     I do understand why some people say that there is a lack of character development and story because if you do not take the time to look deeper and are unfamiliar with the themes of Star Trek and the personalities of the crew you could easily fail to appreciate actually how brilliantly the characters are developed and themes are explored within the incredible short time available given the insane pace of the action in this film. My rating is five stars plus.
B001GCUNYO|5.0|great movie.  haven't seen one so good for a while.  but then, if your expectation is made too high, maybe you will get disappointed.  so my recommendation is: this is one of the movies you probably don't want to miss.
1416550542|5.0|So great I read this twice! This authoress paints the most fabulous pictures with words. Reading her books is like watching a movie that you never want to end.
0312427999|5.0|Neoliberalism. Most Americans don't even know what this is/means.    Naomi Klein drives a stake through the heart of this monsterous doctrine, exposing the undemocratic nature of its implementation, and horrors that have caused untold numbers of people to suffer the worldover
1416550534|5.0|For a first book this is a knock out!!!! After finishing the book I was left with the haunting story for a long time. Can't wait for more books from this authoress.
1416550542|4.0|One of life's pleasures is sinking into a sprawling book like [[ASIN:1416550542 The Forgotten Garden: A Novel]]. Author Kate Morton weaves a story around the lives of three women in different time frames, linked by the mystery of a four-year-old girl arriving alone at an Australian port in 1913. The child has no name, no history that she can tell, nothing but a tiny suitcase with no hints to her identity. The child, Nell, is raised as his own by the dockmaster, having no idea until her 21st birthday about the mystery concealing her early life. When she is in her 60s some of the facts of her past are unexpectedly revealed to her but events keep her from pursuing her heritage.<br /><br />Nell's granddaughter Cassandra, in her turn, learns of Nell's story; her quest for the truth takes her to Cornwall. Following her grandmother's footsteps, she finds clues to the long-dead stories that set this game in play. Family secrets abound, with each generation paying for the passions of the past. Morton delights the reader with an impossibly picturesque cliff setting, an abandoned cottage, a long-forgotten walled garden with secrets still whispering among the ancient trees and plants. Concealment, enclosure, and seclusion recur throughout, and the hidden places don't give up their secrets easily in this matryoshka doll of a book.<br /><br />The comparison to Frances Hodgson Burnett's 1910 children's classic, [[ASIN:0451528832 The Secret Garden]], must be mentioned. All that delights children in that story can be found in Morton's thoroughly grown-up saga.<br /><br />The story is revealed a thin layer at a time, with foreshadowings that allow the reader to rush ahead to the truth--but do allow the author to set the pace. Morton takes the story back and forth to different characters and time frames, which can be confusing at first; my own preference would be for longer sections, less moving back and forth, and a slightly shorter book, though I can't point to a phrase that seems extraneous. The author chooses the pace and delivers a wonderful read. Great characters, though as noted by other reviewers, the men are less vividly created than the women; amazing sense of place; and a deft hand with her complex plot, which has only the slightest loss of focus in the modern parts of the story. Kate Morton is without a doubt a five-star novelist, and I'll be watching eagerly for her next book. Four stars for The Forgotten Garden; recommended.<br /><br />Linda Bulger, 2009xtraneous. The author chooses the pace and delivers a wonderful read. Great characters, though as noted by other reviewers, the men are less vividly created than the women; amazing sense of place; and a deft hand with her complex plot, which has only the slightest loss of focus in the modern parts of the story. Kate Morton is without a doubt a five-star novelist, and I'll be watching eagerly for her next book. Four stars for The Forgotten Garden; recommended.<br /><br />Linda Bulger, 2009
B0024F08RO|4.0|i liked how it started out. we loose many characters in this season and one's story is just kind of let to the imagination (this is Gretchen's story)you can assume she was killed or arrested.  it starts out w/ Michael tracking mahone, whistler, and Gretchen. when he finds them Gretchen reveals that Sara's still alive. then later on he finds Mahone and he tells Michael about the companies \\"little black book\\" called Scylla. then Michael and Whistler and Mahone are talking in a ally about it when a assassin arrives and kills 1 of them. the same assassin later captures Gretchen. then Michael and Lincoln are threatened by a Homeland Security agent, Don self, who wants them to get Scylla, otherwise they both go back to prison. Michael and Sara reunite. then a team is assembled to get a hold of Scylla.   for 11 episodes they are hunting the 6 cards of Scylla. then they are betrayed by one of their own, and must try to escape L.A. alive and w/ Scylla. unfortunantley Michael and his team loose Scylla to the traitor and his two assistants who are familiar faces, and they must try to get it back w/o the general getting them. as they get it Micheal's brain tumor causes him to collapsed and be captured by the company. the team is then split up and Lincoln and 4 other characters begin working 4 grants.   Micheal and Sara become like Bonnie and Clyde and eventually Lincoln and Micheal begin working together again. A shocking twist is revealed regarding their mother.  Then the show climaxes to the finale where many familiar faces return.   I must say that the finale was good.   T-Bag was sent back to Fox River. he is the only member of the Fox River 8 to be returned to Fox River.  Lincoln and Sofia settle down together.  Mahone either got w/ Lang or w/ Pam, it really doesn't tell but it implies one of them.  General Grants was sentenced to the electric chair.  Sucre got w/ his wife and daughter.  C-Note got back w/ his wife and daughter.  we see Micheal and Sara's son.  Kellerman becomes a congressman.  Christina rose is killed by Sara.  but Micheal and Sara's story doesn't necessarily end well.   a very good ending to a very good show.
B001AVCFJM|5.0|As most of you, I am a long time fan of the Star Trek series, and its off-shoots. The problem you all have is that you all want the 1960's Star Trek, when it would not be relavent to this Century. I agree that there were a lot of changes that were pushed forward a little fast, but things like that do happen sometimes. JJ has told all of us from the get go, that he was making a Star Trek to fit today and for the general audience, not just trekkies. If he made a movie just like the Original Series, sure, there would be a lot of trekkies that would love it, but you have to look at what will keep Star Trek alive, not just us trekkies. I went to the movie skeptical of how it do since I already knew JJ was changing a lot of the past. I left movie feeling awesome. I in fact was brought to tears a couple times when Nimoy uttered some his famous lines from the older movies, such as \\"I have been and ever shall be your friend.\\" He made the new Star Trek work. Sure there were holes that nit pickers could pull from, but some of those holes will be filled with the DVD release. You have to go to a movie and watch for the enjoyment of it, and not go to nit pick everything it wasn't. This is not our childhood Star Trek, this is Star Trek for today. Only this type of Star Trek will keep going, and bring in new fans to keep it alive. And as William Shatner said a long time ago, \\"IT JUST A MOVIE, GET A LIFE!!!\\" Get a life people, and if you can't, watch the old Trek to keep youselves happy, while the rest of us normal people enjoy Star Trek for what it is, and may be.
1595822003|5.0|The art work in this book is so amazing. The pen and ink work is so precise. I got to meet Bernie Wrightson and he explained how he came up with his ideas for the book. I also got him to sign the book for me.
B001TH16DI|5.0|There are so many negative comments about this set, its enough to scare most people away from buying it. I placed my pre-order for this set back in Feb. and it shipped on release day. When I got the set, I quickly popped in each movie...WOW! These blu's wipe the floor with the DVD versions and the audio is fantastic!     All I can say is, try the set out, its not as bad as most people claim. And most of those people have yet to even see the set on their own TV, much less anyone else's. I've learned in the past to ignore reviews from people that are reviewing a product before it has been released.    If you are a fan of Star Trek, get this set!
141690977X|5.0|I got this book a couple days ago and finished it yesterday. It is so amazingly simple and so amazingly insightful! And now I look at the actions of men in my past as well as men in my present and it's so simple to me... they just weren't that into me. Armed with that knowledge, I can move on to greener pastures.    This is a MUST READ for any woman... but especially young women. I wish I'd had it in my 20s... I would have saved SO much time and aggravation.
1604501480|5.0|Jane Austen is an incredibly talented author and although I do love her other books, I do believe that Pride and Prejudice is her best work. I am one of those individuals who thoroughly enjoys reading great literature from around the world but to be completely honest, I had never read this book until after the new movie was released a couple years ago. After falling in love with the film, I went out immediately to purchase the novel and upon completion, Jane Austen \\"bewitched me body and soul\\" (as Mr. Darcy would say).<br /><br />Elizabeth Bennett remains to be one of the most complex, interesting, and relatable characters I have ever read. She encompasses all the alluring qualities a respectable lady was supposed to possess from that time era but additionally, many rebellious attributes that links her personality and inner battle with personal feelings vs. societal conventions, to modern day. She knows the place of women in the community- how they should talk, interact in society, her social standing, especially in relation to men, however, she also struggles with ideologies of romance and being her own individual- speaking her mind, voicing her opinions- no matter if it is Lady Catherine or her best friend Charlotte, as well as denying reputable marriage proposals for the hope of finding true love.<br /><br />Pride and Prejudice is not just an enrapturing love story but really transports you into a time period that is much different from today's world. It gives you insight into a completely different lifestyle, exposes the flaws and obsessions of a culture, and most importantly, it is all done so from a revolutionary point of view- the perspective of a woman who doesn't necessarily agree with the rules of societal acceptability.<br /><br />It is a great book and I whole-heartedly recommend reading it. And it only gets better each time you read it. I guarantee you too will fall in love with all the characters of Pride and Prejudice. If Lizzy or Mr. Darcy don't satisfy your need for a personal connection, I'm sure you can identify with the many other colorful characters- the deceiving, selfish, yet undeniably charming Mr. Wickham, the benevolent and kind spirited Jane Bennett, the frivolous Lydia Bennett, or even the middle child Mary Bennett, who even though is most accomplish, often goes unnoticed and under appreciated. There is something for everyone is this amazing story!<br /><br />Pride and Prejudice
B001ILFUDC|5.0|This movie is a true classic if you would like to purchase a movie that you know the kids will enjoy by all means purchase this one. This movie has a great storyline to it and it is all about this puppet who really more than anything wants to be a real boy so the story starts by the puppett maker Gepetto wants to have a boy of his own so then the blue fairy comes down and brings the puppett Pinocchio to life and then Pinocchio then has someone who is like his conscience to him his name is Jiminy Cricket and the blue fairy makes him his conscience to guide him on the straight and narrow and to help teach him about being a real boy but then Pinocchio has to learn the hard way about right and wrong and Pinocchio and Jiminy cricket have some interesting advntures with the whale Monstro and then Pinocchio and Gepetto his father are swallowed by the whale and then are able to get out and then they get back home safe and sound and then at the end Pinocchio is turned into a real boy after saving his father Gepetto and the rest of the story is great and they of course they all live happily ever after. So I highly recommend this DVD for adults and kids this is a really great one and also this story teaches about lying and telling the truth and what happens to Pinocchio's nose when he tells a lie. Enjoy this DVD when you get it, This is indeed a true classic.
B001U0HBPG|1.0|Very depressing story.  Brad Pitt didn't make the story seem even semi-believable.  I felt the acting was mediocre at best.  Cate Blanchett was the only one in the movie that carried her weight.  The scenes with Pitt as an old man were very hammy and the visual effects were horrible.    SPOILERS AHEAD!  The story is about a man who is born looking old.  His mother dies during child birth and his wealthy father is appalled at how he looks so he leaves him on the doorstep of a house.  An African-American woman keeps him and tells everyone that a cousin died and she is going to raise her son (Pitt) for her.  This woman works for a nursing home so he fits in with all the patients in the home - until he gets older and starts looking younger.  It is at this nursing home that he meets his future bride for the first time.  They get in trouble for spending time together since he looks like he's 80 (but is actually around her age) and she's only about 9.  She leaves and doesn't return during her younger years.    Eventually, he leaves to find his place in the world; has an affair with a married woman; then is reunited with the love of his life when he returns to the nursing home to visit his \\"mother\\". They end up getting married however he only spends a very short amount of time with her.  He then leaves both her and their child since he's getting younger and she's getting older and he's not sure how to deal with it.  She remarries for the sake of the child and moves on in her life - always seeming to pine for him in a way.    She finds him many years later when he looks about 16.  She introduces him to their daughter, and then he leaves again.  She then finds him again many years later and must care for him as a child and then as an infant.  She is an old lady by then.  To have an infant die is terribly devastating, even knowing that he's lived his life and is truly an old man stuck in an infant's body.  This was probably the most disturbing part of the movie.    The love story is lacking and should've had a greater part in the movie.  There were no warm fuzzies with this story.  There was no chemistry between the two lovers and it just leaves you feeling cold.    I wouldn't recommend this movie unless you are into very depressing movies that leave you feeling helpless and hopeless.
B000AP04OM|5.0|This movie \\"The Sound of Music\\" is indeed a true classic all about a nun her name is Maria who wants to be a nun and she is living in the convent learning about how to be a good nun, then she is taken into the office of the Mother superior and she tells Maria that there is a widower who has 12 children and she accepts the job and also she sees how strict the household is and that he operates the house just likes he is on one of his ships again and so she decided that when he goes to visit the baroness she gets to take the kids out cause they never get to go out and do anything much so then she starts loving the children as well as him when she finally looks deeply and sees that he is hurt from losing his ex-wife and then finally she brings happiness and joy to the children as well as to the father himself and then finally they both fall in love with each other and then he tells the baroness goodbye and then of course there is a beautful wedding that occurs and then the two go off on their honeymoon for a while and the kids and the husband and wife end up singing in a show and then finally the Nazi's come into the picture and want him to be a captain on one of their ships and the whole family end up towards the end of the movie escaping from the Nazi's thanks to the nuns in Maria's convent helping them out and hiding them so they can escape so they do just that and they go over the mountains and on their way to freedom.  So this story I highly recommend to everybody who like a great story with adventure added. By all means get this DVD this also is a classic and highly recommended for the whole family to watch.
B001KVZ6F2|5.0|I would highly recommend this movie.  Clint Eastwood plays a man stricken with cancer that has recently lost his wife.  He lives in a harsh neighborhood that is multi-cultural.  There is an hmong family that lives next to him.  The mother has her son, daughter, and mother living with her.  Eastwood plays a very racist, ex-military man that is set in his ways.  He has a good heart but doesn't want anyone to know it.  There is a lot of racial verbage tossed around in the beginning of this show.    When the neighbor's son tries to steal Eastwood's character's Gran Torino from his garage in order to become a member of his cousin's gang, Eastwood catches him and makes him do work around his and other neighbors' homes.  The boy is a good kid but was being bullied into joining this gang and really didn't want to.    The gang becomes relentless in their attempts to get the boy to join the gang and eventually targets him and his family for refusing them.  Eastwood's character decides to help.    It's a wonderful personal growth story on how people can change their views by being around other cultures and understanding them.  Realizing that we all are similar in the most basic ways.  It is also a wonderful stance on the fight against gangs and what they stand for.  How communities can pull together to clean up their neighborhoods and make them safer.
B00129H7VS|5.0|This is an absolutely fabulous movie.  You would swear that you were sitting in the middle of the action and that bullets and bombs were exploring around you.  Just great for anyone interested in WWII.
B001AQMBJQ|5.0|It's the beginning of the end for \\"Lost\\" -- only one more season to go, and plenty of strange destined events yet to be explained.<br /><br />And \\"Lost: The Complete Fifth Season\\" may be the best season of the show yet, with some unexpected glimpses back into the Island's history, mysterious people, and more explorations of the mysterious Jacob. It feels like the entire season is packed with strange twists and unexpected turns, complete with a trip back in time that illuminates everything that has come before it.<br /><br />Jack joins forces with his former enemy Ben, trying to bring the Oceanic Six back together and get them back to the Island. But Charles Widmore has been sending assassins to kill Hurley and Sayid, and someone is sniffing around Kate's relationship to Aaron. Their only hope of getting back to the Island is to follow the instructions of Eloise Hawking, a woman who has intricate knowledge of time and space -- and the Island.<br /><br />Meanwhile, the Island is randomly leaping through time, flinging Sawyer, Juliet, Daniel, Charlotte and all the others from one time period to another. And when the Oceanic Six (minus a few) arrive on the Island again, they find that it is now 1977 -- Sawyer, Juliet and their friends have all been living there for the past three years, as part of the Dharma Initiative. Sun and Ben end up in the hands of the remaining Others -- along with a supposedly dead man now returned to life.<br /><br />But as the fateful Incident approaches, Jack and Co. end up having their plans unravel around them, and a bunch of gun-toting Dharma people out for their blood. With the help of Daniel Faraday and his mysterious journal, the splintered little group sets out to somehow reset everything that has happened on the Island -- even as Ben and the Others approach an ancient monument, where the Island's fate will be changed forever.<br /><br />There's a sense of melancholy in the fifth season of \\"Lost.\\" Okay, it's never been a cheerful show, but it's clear that many of the plot threads are being wound together, and the characters that are killed have wrenchingly tragic send-offs. What's more, this short season reveals a whole lot more about the Island than we ever knew before -- the stone foot, the Incident, Eloise Hawking's knowledge about time, and the Island's mysterious ruler Jacob.<br /><br />And it's packed solid with plot, full of twists, gory action, flashbacks, flashforwards, and a sense of supernatural suspense. The first half of the season is all about the Six slowly being drawn back to the Island (almost against their will, really) while the second is about the disasters that ensue because of their presence, and the fight against the inevitability of time. It's just a big thick rope of plot twists that tightens itself as it approaches the explosive finale.<br /><br />Fortunately this season is also graced with exceptionally good dialogue, and some funny moments often supplied by the ever-lovable Hurley (example: writing down the \\"Empire Strikes Back\\" script from memory). And it evolves into straight-out science fiction after sort of flirting with it for the past few seasons.<br /><br />Matthew Fox does a pretty good job as the increasingly irrational, obsessed Jack, but he's overshadowed by Josh Holloway. Holloway is pretty darn brilliant as the new alpha male in the jungle who suddenly has his peaceful domain disrupted. Michael Emerson is also excellent as the vaguely creepy Ben, whose frustrations and anger start boiling over as he tries to somehow fix whatever has gone wrong, only to make a terrible mistake.<br /><br />Actually, most of the cast does an excellent job: Naveen Andrews, Elizabeth Mitchell (especially in the finale), the dry-witted Ken Leung, Jeremy Davies, Yunjin Kim, Daniel Dae Kim, and the ever-awesome Jorge Garcia. There are also some other incredible actors who become pretty prominent here, including Franois Chau, Zuleikha Robinson, the ageless Nestor Carbonell, and the mysterious Fionnula Flanagan.<br /><br />And Mark Pellegrino is introduced as the mysterious Jacob, whose identity, nature and goals are all murky. You're left wondering who this guy is, and if we'll see him again.<br /><br />\\"Lost: The Complete Fifth Season\\" is a tightly-written, intensely-plotted stream of bittersweet sci-fi, and it leaves you hungry for whatever is next. Only one more season yet to go.as the mysterious Jacob, whose identity, nature and goals are all murky. You're left wondering who this guy is, and if we'll see him again.    \\"Lost: The Complete Fifth Season\\" is a tightly-written, intensely-plotted stream of bittersweet sci-fi, and it leaves you hungry for whatever is next. Only one more season yet to go.
0143038583|5.0|As a vegetarian of 10 years, I loved this book, and it is one of the few non-fiction books that I can heartily say is perfect. Among other things, it discusses: how corn is the ultimately a major component of the modern American meal and how this monoculture approach is hurting America in direct and indirect ways; that \\"organic\\" food at Whole Foods is grown in an industrialised manner not altogether different from the stuff in a grocery store; that actual organic food actually is available and still grown by farmers (but in a manner that cannot be scaled up to the size of industrialised farms); and what it means to eat animals who have suffered.    The entire book is well-written and compelling, with the best chapter being the author's opinion piece in Chapter 17 on the ethics of eating animals. Although I am a vegetarian myself (and no, I don't eat fish), I could not help but applaud the author's line of reasoning on how eating animals that have led a full life is a natural, and in many ways, necessary event. The author makes many good points in this chapter: (1) it's not so much that animals feel pain, but it's that they *suffer*; (2) natural predation of animals is a fact of nature -- without it there would be animal overpopulation; (3) it's better to think about the species rather than an individual animal -- killing and eating an animal is hurtful for the animal, but in a natural ecosystem, the animal's species actually benefits and lives on; and (4) in a true organic farm like the Polyface Farm, animals are killed for food, but they've lived a full life, having done the things they are wont to do (\\"for any animal, happiness seems to consist in the opportunity to express its creaturely character,\\" pp. 319-320).    The author's writing style is engaging and entertaining. The only point where the writing felt a bit long-winded was in the chapters where he spent time on Polyface Farms.    Overall, this is an excellent book.
B000669GAI|5.0|Wow!! Great package. the music is great and I love the video,Unplugged,that is included.Highly recommend for any Pearl Jam lovers.
B001HN69AE|1.0|This picture is lazy, cheap, rushed, and ridden with cliche<br />Its not even FUN-BAD...just BORING-BAD (What kept me from walking out from this godawful turd were my friends....WE HAD to make the film watchable by poking fun at the death of such a good franchise) The crew try to cram so much and do so many things that....it feels like nothing happens. You leave the theatre kinda thinking...wtf did i just see? What the hell happened?<br /><br />This movie fails at giving the audience anything to care about. People just show up saying \\"Hey, i better help you out\\"<br /><br />Action scenes are god awful. The most dissappointing thing abhout Nolan's batman movies are the poorly shot action sequences....but they made 100000x more sense than anything happening in this movie. When piccolo's henchmen arrive to fight Goku & co. the movie is soooo dark, you can't make out ANYTHING. Also, the oozaru....they purposely hid the oozaru in the dark because of the piss poor CGI. It was soooo damn obvious<br /><br />The sad thing is....there was potential to fix these mistakes. An extra 75 million dollars for better CGI and action sequences and 35-50 minutes of extra runtime so things could have been EXPLAINED properly would have done WONDERS. But no....they had to cut around the lousy budget. Yes, the acting would not have improved too much--but this could have easily been a FUN summer popcorn flick.
6304696558|5.0|Private Benjamin is one of the best feminist movies of all time; showing that catching a wealthy, handsome man is not all it's cracked up to be. Judy Benjamin starts out with the belief that getting married will complete her. She finds out through joining the army, that life is about what you make of yourself, not how men or society judges you to be! I love this movie. Bravo to Goldie Hawn for making this movie! It's entertaining, very meaningful, and very funny!
B00009P1O2|5.0|Excellent purchase!! I recommend it to all Queen lovers that do not have this dvd yet. What an excellent show and the quality of the whole production is incredible. I'd wish have been in that concert, but at least this dvd brings home this incredible band.Superb!
B001PPGAIA|2.0|A very simple story, no reason they had to make it so darn long!  Pretty much a western set down under.  The aboriginal sub-text is PC, but overall trite without really much heart.  I got sick of watching the cattle drives too, who cares.  I'm glad our rental CD failed have way through and I could request a refund.
142212312X|4.0|This is not a book in the true sense, but an article printed in form of a small book. The size should not diminish in any way the quality of the writing. This is a small gem that one has a look at in a time of reflection. If you read it you will learn something from it because it has that ability to stir your mind and discover a fresh view.<br /><br />In essence the principles of self management are: know your own strength, know how you perform (method of learning and delivery) and personal values. You also have to know where you belong.  This seems simple but it is difficult to realise that knowledge in practice.<br /><br />One other aspect discussed in this book is the question of personal contribution that you bring to the organisation, a favourite topic for Peter Drucker. Following from that, it is interesting to consider one's responsibility for managing the relationship with others.<br /><br />Finally, I found valuable the consideration for a career in the second life half. Now that I read that it makes sense to me. The discourse is short, sharp and practical. I think it is very useful for people who consider a second career in their life as a planned venture not as a move to better employment opportunities<br /><br />Overall, great article, but I give it four stars because it is not a book. It should be made clear in the introduction somewhere that it is just that.
B001P9KR8U|4.0|This was a good, but not great movie of the level people have propelled it to. The story of the two brothers and their 'third musketeer' is compelling, even awful at times. Jamal is almost too good to be true, and Salim the opposite extreme.    The interspersing of his torture and interrogation with his participation in the Indian version of Millionnaire was cleverly done, tightly interwoven, but again, very grim.    Entertaining, but not exactly a feel good family movie everyone can see, given the graphic violence, situations, maiming of children, and torture, so if you have kids who have heard about it and want to see it, IMHO, say no.
0812979702|4.0|This book provides excellent guidance regarding trusting yourself to find the best of your game. The writing style is engaging. The writer becomes a mentor for you.  This is a person you would like to know. You do come to know him as a friend and guide to a stress free approach to golf.
B000AJIF4E|5.0|Great sound, extra long cord (3 meters, partly coiled.  Excellent isolation and reasonably comfortable for this type of headphones.
B001UE276A|5.0|The bonus disk of Demos is fantastic ... add the 2 hard cover books, badges and packaging ... incredible.  Once again Depeche Mode prove their music is still fresh and relevant.
B001OQCV74|5.0|Not sure why Amazon hasn't announced this yet, but just wanted to let everyone know!  Love the movie and am eagerly awaiting its release!
044024367X|1.0|Wow...what happened here....this is a trainwreck. Is it the pressure of having to write novels under a once a year contract? I've read and enjoyed EVERY Lee Child book. I liked some better than others, but they were all worth reading. Don't bother with this one. It's just horrible. I won't get into specific reasons...if a dead fish stinks, there's not much point in trying to describe the stink....it just plain stinks. Save your money.     I've preordered the next book though. One more chance Lee. Please don't screw up this one.
B001CTDH76|5.0|I've come into the crime drama genre recently, having fallen in with roommates who watch NCIS, CSI, Criminal Minds, the Medium, etc. on a regular basis. Out of all the crime shows I've seen - and even most other prime time TV - the Mentalist is one of the very few with which I actively try to stay current.    Admittedly, the premise is similar to Psych, but while I find Psych's Shawn annoying and over-the-top, the Mentalist, Patrick Jane, comes off as suave and intriguing. You never quite know whether you can trust him completely, as he deals with his personal demons along with the murders in each episode. Each episode in this first season has a reference to the color red in the title, reminding you that the overarching story involves Jane's motivation for working with the team.    The Mentalist is also the only crime show in which I care about every member of the police team. I eagerly look forward to the snatches of development for each of the characters as they progress through the cases. It's got plenty of humor, but it's somewhat subtler than you'd find in Psych. Jane is quirky and nontraditional in his crime-solving, and it often puts his team in awkward situations, which they then manage to get out of in unusual ways. It's my favorite show on TV right now (and not even in my typical genre), and I can't wait til the DVD is released. I hope there's plenty more to come.
B000SKNIWE|5.0|Bought this set used on blu-ray and its just as god as a new set. The set was in prestine condition and so were the discs. Thanks
B001E7OO2I|5.0|I love all the songs on this CD, which is rare for me. This CD offers high quality music with a Modern vintage feel.
B000GFLEAY|5.0|It was my error...I ordered HD instead of DVD. But, it will make a good Christmas present.  It was received promptly and in good condition.
B000XUBFE2|5.0|Oh. I did not want to read it at first. The thought of stealing a book made me cringe. To me books are sacred. Wow Im a nerd. Anyways. I got into the story about seven chapters in. After that I was living in the brilliant and horribly devastating life of Leisel. I got to know all of the characters that stole my hearrt and bawled at the end like I never had with any other story. Definitely my new favorite. Grudgingly... better than Stephenie Meyers Twilight Saga. Look. Just read it. Alright?
B000GCFO0I|5.0|An elaborate review is probably best for this film. But it is also an experience to behold. I will say the widescreen transfer is clean and sharp. If you are a fan of the game series or have an open mind then allow your senses to be assaulted. It is very well done and is abstract in every sense. One of the most original and frightening movies I have ever seen.
0671449028|5.0|My daughter loves being read to right before she goes to bed. This book was added in with no problems. She cannot wait for the moon to show in the window.
0061544493|1.0|I don't like it. Imagine, it is a book from a woman that dare to declare that she never reads books. She is not afraid to demonstrate how ignorant she is. It is amazing to see a book from someone like that. Don't buy it.
B000AP04OM|5.0|Every year for Easter I watch The Sound of Music.  This year I had to forgo this practice because the video copy I have did not produce the same picture due to it's age.  Therefore, I decided to purchase the DVD so I could watch it over and over again for the next 10-20 years.  There will never be another movie like this one, I love it!
1439138311|4.0|As someone of Irish descent, I found Brooklyn by Colm Toibin, a fascinating look at how one young girl makes her way from her small town in Ireland to the big borough of Brooklyn.    Shy Eilis Lacey lives with her widowed mother and older sister Rose. Rose has a good job, supports her family, and has an active social life. Work is difficult to come by in the 1950's in Ireland, and Eilis works part-time as sales girl in a small grocers.    An opportunity in the form of Father Flood arises. He can arrange for Eilis to come to Brooklyn where he lives, she can find steady work, and go to college to get an accounting degree and a better life. Eilis fears leaving her mother and sister, but Rose convinces her it is for the best.    Leaving everyone she knows far behind, Father Flood arranges for Eilis to work at a department store by day, and attend college by night. She lives in Mrs. Kehoe's boardinghouse, along with several other single women. It is a lonely life for Eilis, and although she is successful as a shopgirl, she finds it tedious.    She concentrates on her studies, working hard to get good grades. On Friday evenings, she goes to the dance at Father Flood's church. There she meets Tony, a handsome plumber from a big Italian family. Tony pursues Eilis, and slowly, Eilis comes to care deeply for him.    Tony wants to marry Eilis, and they plan a future together. When Eilis gets bad news from Ireland, she returns home and finds that the life she left there still has a hold on her. Her dilemma grabs at the heart.    Toibin has been compared to Alice McDermott, and he mines the same territory to similar effect. The reader is immediately drawn into Eilis's life, and feels empathy for her. The reader feels the fear of leaving one's home, traveling overseas where you know no one, and trying to build a new life. Eilis's story is one that many of our ancestors lived, and her story feels authentic.      The characters are interesting, particularly Eilis and Tony. Toibin fleshes them out and gets you to care deeply about these characters. The boardinghouse life, and the desire of immigrants to work hard to make a better life is explored with great skill by the author.    You won't easily forget Eilis, or her story.
B0000YB7Z8|5.0|I'm so happy this has finally been issued on CD. Now I can retire my old tape I've been playing since the 80s! This is a fantastic live album with some of my favorite Tull songs like \\"Songs from the Wood\\", \\"One Brown Mouse\\", \\"Skating Away...\\", and \\"Jack in the Green\\". I love their folky, quieter songs that can be hard to find on other albums. Also the funny intros by Ian Anderson are priceless. Buy this one- you won't regret it.
B001FB55H6|4.0|Brutally honest review from a die hard fan of the graphic novel<br /><br />It has been a long time coming, but the wait is over. After spending some twenty years in development hell, we finally have the long-awaited film adaptation of Alan Moore and Dave Gibbon's classic graphic novel \\"Watchmen\\". Zack Synder, the director behind \\"300\\" and \\"Dawn of the Dead\\", brings up a very faithful film based on the novel. Now, the graphic novel itself is a landmark in the comic book industry, Released as a 12-part series between 1986 and 1987, it changed the graphic medium forever, winning countless awards including the Hugo Award, and being on Time Magazine's list of \\"100 Best English Speaking Novels since 1923\\". That's a lot to live up to for Synder and crew. But Synder being a big fan, the rest of us felt that the film was in good hands. But was it a good movie? I'm here to say that the film is the closest thing anyone will ever come to in adapting the novel into a film, but it's not necessarily a good thing. Fans of the novel, and those who may have just read it before the movie will follow the film with ease but newcomers may have a challenge. Included now is information regarding the newly released Director's Cut of the film, which fixes the movie and makes it even better.<br /><br />THE STORY<br /><br />The story revolves around a group of former superheroes. There is Dan Dreiberg, who used to be the Nite Owl; Laurie Juspecyzk who used to be Silk Spectre; Adrian Vedit who is Ozymandias; Rorschach, who still dons the costume; and Dr. Manhattan, a blue man with actual superpowers. One of the heroes, The Comedian, is murdered. The murder is suspicious and Rorschach believes that there could be a plot to kill masked-heroes. All the while, America and Russia are on the brink of nuclear war. The government has created a \\"Doomsday Clock\\" which is a physical representation of how close mankind is to extinction. The clock stands five minutes to midnight throughout most of the film, midnight being the end of the human race. The film does a great job of adapting the story into film, including altering the ending in a more realistic way that almost seems better than the novel's. Much of the novel is told in backstory and it's no different in the film. The films starts with the Comedian's death and goes into a lengthy credits roll giving flashbacks of the original crime fighters, the Minutemen, all the way to their predecessors, who the film calls the Watchmen. The Comedian's story is still intact in flashbacks as well as Dr. Manhattan's. Now, the narrative does suffer some. Some plot points just don't get fleshed out. Why were the costumed heroes outlawed? It's a huge subject in the book but doesn't get explained the film and it's crucial that we know that. In the Director's Cut, there is an extended scene when Dan visits Hollis Mason (the original Nite Owl) and they see a news report about Rorschach which tells of the Keene Act, which outlawed masked vigilantes. This scene alone fixes so much with the story. Character development suffered a bit as well. We don't get to see why the Comedian is the way he is or how he perceives the world. It's such a huge concept in the book that readers completely understand but I don't think movie-goers will get. Again, the Director's Cut fixes this problem. The flashback sequences at the Comedian's funeral have been extended to show more of the Comedian's almost Nazi nature and how he treats people. One such scene is the extended scene of the Watchmen meeting hosted by Ozymandias. We see more of his view on the world. His character is definitely improved. Another character who suffered in the theatrical cut was Laurie, or Silk Spectre. We didn't get her on screen as much as we should have. The Director's Cut has added in many scenes with Laurie. A few scenes show how she hates her \\"job\\", where she has to make sure Dr. Manhattan doesn't get upset. The Mars sequence with her and Dr. Manhattan is extended furthershowing how their relationship has been crumbling. We finally get that her character is suffering from her relationship with Manhattan and her mother, and how she has lost her sense of identity. Also there's an added scene showing her first encounter with the Comedian which comes later in her revelation that he's her father (which is in the theatrical cut). This added scene makes her revelation not seem so spontaneous and fresh but makes the viewer think of that earlier scene and go \\"oh wow, I should've seen that!\\". Also, more Rorschach has been added to the Director's Cut giving the audience more depth into his character and more journal entries but more importantly, his scene with the psychologist is extended. Also to humor the novel's fans, they added in the line where Rorschach states that Adrian is a possible homosexual.<br /><br />THE PRODUCTION<br /><br />The film is a technical masterpiece. The production design, special effects, fight choreography, and costume design is amazing. The film looks like it popped right out of the book. New York in 1985 looks gritty and decaying, just like in the novel. Sets like the Owl Ship were a spectacle to behold for fanboys. In the Director's Cut, we see a lot more of New York and really get the sense of this decrepit city full of sex and murder. As Rorschach says, \\"the night brings fornication and bad consciouses\\" and you get that vibe. The color palettes mimic that of the graphic novel but entirely. I mean, having a movie filled with purples, oranges, and greens for the environment would've been silly. The Karnack set was beautiful, really bringing in Veidt's obsession with Egypt and ancient artifacts into view. The actors portray their parts wonderfully, although Malin Akerman as Silk Spectre and Matthew Goode as Veidt didn't do as well a job as they should. Goode was perfect for Veidt but he said many of his lines too quick and some words were cluttered up. For reference, listen to his interview towards the beginning of the movie and see if you can spot the word \\"Antarctica\\". I had to watch it five times to actually realize what he said. Some say Billy Cuddrup was too monotone for Manhattan but look at it this way: Manhattan not human, he doesn't give a damn for humans, it's not clear if he feels any emotion, what do you expect from him for a voice? Cuddrup did a great job as Manhattan and his performance in the film brings the art of motion capture technology to a whole level. On another note, the costumes were great. The clothes the actors wore felt 1980s and the their hero costumes were either like the novel or even better. Nite Owl's costume is definitely a step up from the novel, even though it bears resemblance to Batman. Silk Spectre's costume is drop dead sexy and no man will leave the theater not wanting their wife or girlfriend to don the suit. There aren't as many fight scenes as one would hope but the few that are there are choreographed very well. The prison fight scene where Nite Owl and Silk Spectre go to break out Rorschach is very good. One of the major issues the film suffered from was editing. Some scenes just ended and went into another and didn't feel right. The transition from Dr. Manhattan screaming \\"Leave Me Alone!\\" on television to teleporting on Mars was really quick and confusing. Luckily, the Director's Cut fixed it by showing that Manhattan teleported everyone out and there was an added scene of Dan and Laurie with the aftermath of their alley fight. Overall, the editing was fixed with the Director's Cut leaving us with a film that feels complete. The pacing has been fixed and the overall rhythm of the story telling feels natural and good.<br /><br />THE MUSIC<br /><br />Tyler Bates returns to compose for Snyder and again we are disappointed. This movie deserved a score of epic proportions with deep, emotional pieces for the themes and story but the music was a bad mix of orchestral and electronic. But I can't say the movie didn't fit the movie. It certainly set the mood and some pieces were actually nice. The one part that upset me the most, musically, was the detonation of the energy reactor in New York. There was a moment when an energy bubble was growing and there was this dramatic chorus and orchestra that really gave me chills. I wish it lasted longer like during the explosion. God, that would've brought me to tears. Also, the song choice was very bland. While they used songs whose lyrics were used on the novel, the actual songs didn't fit into the story. I mean, playing Leonard Cohen's \\"Hallelujah\\" during Nite Owl and Silk Spectre's sex scene made the audience laugh. It set the mood right for the moment but I didn't like it. Also, other songs like Jimi Hendrix's cover of \\"All Along the Watchtower\\" during Rorschach and Nite Owl's crash landing in Antarctica made no sense at all.<br /><br />THE ENDING<br /><br />As we've heard before, the \\"squid\\" is out. Instead they went for a more realistic approach which I believe was good. In the novel, Vedit engineered a giant squid monster which explodes when teleported and thus destroying half of New York. The attack makes it look like an alien invasion and brings the world together out of war. The movie is almost the same. For the past few years, Veidt and Manhattan have been working on energy reactors hoping that they can solve the world's energy crisis and make cheap renewable energy so that war may be obsolete. What Manhattan doesn't know is that he has been helping Veidt replicate his energy signature. Veidt uses that energy signature and teleports his reactors to different cities around the world in which he detonates them, killing millions. The destruction leaves behind Manhattan's energy so it looks like he did it. So the war ends and the world unites against Manhattan. Seems better than the novel's ending and it makes more sense and is more plausible. The rest is the same: Manhattan kills Rorschach so that Rorschach won't tell, Manhattan leaves the galaxy, and the world is united. Actually the squid is in the movie. Not it's squid form though. If you look closely at the scene where Laurie leaves Manhattan, check out the tv screen with Adrian in it. Behind Adrian is a sign with an acronym for the project he and Manhattan are doing. Notice anything?<br /><br />DIFFERENCES WITH THE DIRECTOR'S CUT<br /><br />As you've read before, I stated many improvements that the Director's Cut has made. The characters are fleshed out more this time around and the pacing of the story is much better. The theatrical cut seemed like they crammed too much into too little time. That extra 24 minutes makes a lot of difference. Some of the best aspects of this cut is that there are added scenes further explaining how Rorschach unraveled the mystery of Pyramid Transnational. There's a scene where he breaks into the assassin who tried to kill Veidt and finds he was working for Pyramid. That scene alone adds so much into the understanding of the story. Also, there's a few extended scenes with Dan and Hollis Mason, giving more of Hollis's character. Added in, is Hollis Mason's death. The gang known as the Mop Tops mistaken Hollis for Dan's Nite Owl after Dan sprung Rorschach out of prison. This upsets the gang and they murder Hollis. This scene is pretty emotional. Hollis fights back and as he punches each person, we see a flashback of an old enemy of the original Nite Owl's that he's punching. It's very dramatic and almost tear-jerking if you're a fan of the novel and feel for the character (it doesn't help having that sad music, the Intermezzo from \\"Callaveria Rusticana\\"). Overall, the Director's Cut fixes the confusing editing of the scenes, the characters, the pacing of the film, and the story telling. If you haven't seen \\"Watchmen\\", start here. If you've seen the theatrical cut, you'll never watch it again after seeing the new scenes. This movie feels complete and as Snyder says, it IS the Watchmen movie.<br /><br />CONCLUSION<br /><br />Thefilm does leave the audience in thought. The consequences of war, the human condition, the price of peace, all run through the heads of audience members upon leaving the movie. Although the film was done extraordinarily well, I really think newcomers to the story might have left the theater confused and wanting some explanations. Luckily, the Director's Cut offers fans more of they wanted and newcomers a much better and improved film to start with. All in all, the film is extraordinary and just a great movie. Whether you like or hate, you won't forget it.lly nice. The one part that upset me the most, musically, was the detonation of the energy reactor in New York. There was a moment when an energy bubble was growing and there was this dramatic chorus and orchestra that really gave me chills. I wish it lasted longer like during the explosion. God, that would've brought me to tears. Also, the song choice was very bland. While they used songs whose lyrics were used on the novel, the actual songs didn't fit into the story. I mean, playing Leonard Cohen's \\"Hallelujah\\" during Nite Owl and Silk Spectre's sex scene made the audience laugh. It set the mood right for the moment but I didn't like it. Also, other songs like Jimi Hendrix's cover of \\"All Along the Watchtower\\" during Rorschach and Nite Owl's crash landing in Antarctica made no sense at all.      THE ENDING      As we've heard before, the \\"squid\\" is out. Instead they went for a more realistic approach which I believe was good. In the novel, Vedit engineered a giant squid monster which explodes when teleported and thus destroying half of New York. The attack makes it look like an alien invasion and brings the world together out of war. The movie is almost the same. For the past few years, Veidt and Manhattan have been working on energy reactors hoping that they can solve the world's energy crisis and make cheap renewable energy so that war may be obsolete. What Manhattan doesn't know is that he has been helping Veidt replicate his energy signature. Veidt uses that energy signature and teleports his reactors to different cities around the world in which he detonates them, killing millions. The destruction leaves behind Manhattan's energy so it looks like he did it. So the war ends and the world unites against Manhattan. Seems better than the novel's ending and it makes more sense and is more plausible. The rest is the same: Manhattan kills Rorschach so that Rorschach won't tell, Manhattan leaves the galaxy, and the world is united. Actually the squid is in the movie.Not it's squid form though. If you look closely at the scene where Laurie leaves Manhattan, check out the tv screen with Adrian in it. Behind Adrian is a sign with an acronym for the project he and Manhattan are doing. Notice anything?      DIFFERENCES WITH THE DIRECTOR'S CUT      As you've read before, I stated many improvements that the Director's Cut has made. The characters are fleshed out more this time around and the pacing of the story is much better. The theatrical cut seemed like they crammed too much into too little time. That extra 24 minutes makes a lot of difference. Some of the best aspects of this cut is that there are added scenes further explaining how Rorschach unraveled the mystery of Pyramid Transnational. There's a scene where he breaks into the assassin who tried to kill Veidt and finds he was working for Pyramid. That scene alone adds so much into the understanding of the story. Also, there's a few extended scenes with Dan and Hollis Mason, giving more of Hollis's character. Added in, is Hollis Mason's death. The gang known as the Mop Tops mistaken Hollis for Dan's Nite Owl after Dan sprung Rorschach out of prison. This upsets the gang and they murder Hollis. This scene is pretty emotional. Hollis fights back and as he punches each person, we see a flashback of an old enemy of the original Nite Owl's that he's punching. It's very dramatic and almost tear-jerking if you're a fan of the novel and feel for the character (it doesn't help having that sad music, the Intermezzo from \\"Callaveria Rusticana\\"). Overall, the Director's Cut fixes the confusing editing of the scenes, the characters, the pacing of the film, and the story telling. If you haven't seen \\"Watchmen\\", start here. If you've seen the theatrical cut, you'll never watch it again after seeing the new scenes. This movie feels complete and as Snyder says, it IS the Watchmen movie.      CONCLUSION    The film does leave the audience in thought. The consequences of war, the human condition, the price of peace, all run through the heads of audience members upon leaving the movie. Although the film was done extraordinarily well, I really think newcomers to the story might have left the theater confused and wanting some explanations. Luckily, the Director's Cut offers fans more of they wanted and newcomers a much better and improved film to start with. All in all, the film is extraordinary and just a great movie. Whether you like or hate, you won't forget it.
0670019933|4.0|This commemorative edition does not add much to the new Penguin Classic with cover art by \\"Jason\\" except a two-page letter by Henry Miller to the publisher. While representative of the New York-transplant-to-hip Northern California milieu that he shared with the Beats, readers may opt for the paperback instead. While a handsome hardcover, the paper appears no more or less durable than the paperback. A lesson in impermanence that the book's contents may well repeat?<br /><br />Just before \\"On the Road\\" brought him the success he craved, Kerouac wrote this account of the \\"Zen Lunatics\\" and Gary Snyder's prediction of a \\"rucksack revolution.\\" This is my first Beat book; in middle age I admit lingering distrust of their sometimes condescending attitude towards the rest of us.<br /><br />That being said, this novelization may make the young feel vigorous and the mature wistful. Hearing \\"Japhy Ryder\\" gush about bulgar and yabyum, green tea and trail mix, baked bread and paisley shawls, Goodwill and hi-fi jazz before the massive commodification of counterculture filters the innocence of these early free spirits from Eisenhower's decade into a muted sepia. It's instructive, as Ann Douglas notes in her introduction, that \\"Ray\\" as Kerouac strives towards a greater sympathy than Snyder-as-Japhy expresses with the \\"straights\\" who must, after all, fund the hikes and the naps of the Beats. There's a sense of slumming, by these two students wanting to imitate a \\"bhikku,\\" a dharma bum. Japhy in real life's Reed-Indiana-Berkeley, Ray's author a scholarship-dropout from Columbia, allied with other privileged folks from the Ivy League and NYC bohemia. I don't know why, but there's an aura of play-acting and noblesse-oblige irritating me about their admirable but somehow smug quest. Blame it on Berkeley?<br /><br />Ray appears, to his eternal credit, aware at least of the contradiction between a Zen lunatic lording his insight over the unenlightened crew-cut and bee-hived masses and his own self struggling, who down on his luck has to go back to North Carolina to live off his kinfolk. Some of the best moments in this book come when Ray tells of his tramps by train and hitchhiking.<br /><br />Apropos, this book was written in ten days and nights at his mother's place in Florida. As his fictional self, Ray ponders the contradiction between the San Francisco party scene of dissolute intellectuals and his family, unable to comprehend Ray's notions and his lazy habits. \\"And I thought of Japhy as I stood there in the cold yard looking at {his mother as she does the dishes]: 'Why is he so mad about white tiled sinks and \\"kitchen machinery\\" he calls it? People have good hearts whether or not they live like Dharma Bums. Compassion is the heart of Buddhism.\\" (100)<br /><br />Yet, the Beats' stance against conformity did inspire generations towards more righteous behavior, along with a lot of excess on that road to wisdom. It's noteworthy that the narrator opens by admitting that while he was once more devout before he met Ryder, now he's \\"a little tired and cynical.\\" (2) Ray seems already to have studied the dharma largely on his own and passed through the initial, somewhat superior stage, and now feels it's a lot of \\"lip service.\\" Still, meeting Japhy, Ray perks up.<br /><br />The centerpiece of the narrative, the climb of the Matterhorn, makes one compare that Sierra peak to the manufactured scale mold towering in smaller form above the then-new Disneyland further south in California. The impression of a still largely rural state, even around the Bay Area, leaves a sense of loss for those who live in the state now. The Beats and then hippies, no less than Cold War defense industries, transformed California into a busier, tawdrier, and uglier place, with dreamers and schemers lured by the rhapsodies in Kerouac and Snyder and their mates.<br /><br />Unable to stay in the South with his family, inarticulate in sharing with them his understanding of Buddhistdharma, Ray goes back after bumming it along the Mexican border just as he left, back west to work as a Cascadia fire-warden at Desolation Peak's lookout. There, as the story ends, he finds his expected peace. \\"I made raspberry Jello the color of rubies in the setting sun.\\" (183) The interim return to California, full of parties in Marin, as with the previous woozy bashes in San Francisco, does drag the momentum down for long stretches of this short book. The contrasts between boho decadence and natural purity may be intentional, but the wobbly, hungover funk does hobble the pace. The comparisons between energy and dissipation do, on the other hand, underscore the lesson of impermanence, even of happy times, and the necessity for self-discipline.<br /><br />Japhy reminds Ray of the change coming when more people join their refusal to conform. \\"East'll meet West anyway. Think what a great world revolution will take place when East meets West finally, and it'll be guys like us that can start the thing. Think of millions of guys all over the world with rucksacks on their backs tramping around the back country and hitchhiking and bringing the word down to everybody.\\" (155)<br /><br />Kerouac here's still young enough-- even if nearly a decade past Snyder-- to hope. \\"Something will come of it in the Milky Way of eternity stretching in front of all our phantom misunderstandings, friends. I felt like telling Japhy everything I thought but I knew it didn't matter and moreover he knew it anyway and silence is the golden mountain.\\" (53) This typical passage captures the tone of the novel-as-memoir. Based as Douglas notes on smart predecessors like Thomas Wolfe, Melville, Dostoyevsky, Joyce, and C&eacute;line, Kerouac sought an admirable purity in his style. It may be difficult for us half-a-century later, jaded, to hear its freshness, but its sincerity lingers in moments such as when he tells us of the moon on water as they descended the mountain on a dark night. \\"Everything up there had smelled of ice and snow and heartless spine rock. Here there was the smell of sun-heated wood, sunny dust resting in the moonlight, lake mud, flowers, straw, all those good things of the earth.\\" (68-69) This may not be the more manic Kerouac that made him famous, but it may give today's uneasy riders a more lasting lesson in the legacy he left us.<br /><br />(P.S. Also see my 2010 reviews of his notebooks, \\"Some of the Dharma,\\" and the original scroll of \\"On the Road\\". Keroauc's \\"Wake Up! A Life of the Buddha,\\" is reviewed by me; written 1955, published 2008.)dharma, Ray goes back after bumming it along the Mexican border just as he left, back west to work as a Cascadia fire-warden at Desolation Peak's lookout. There, as the story ends, he finds his expected peace. \\"I made raspberry Jello the color of rubies in the setting sun.\\" (183) The interim return to California, full of parties in Marin, as with the previous woozy bashes in San Francisco, does drag the momentum down for long stretches of this short book. The contrasts between boho decadence and natural purity may be intentional, but the wobbly, hungover funk does hobble the pace. The comparisons between energy and dissipation do, on the other hand, underscore the lesson of impermanence, even of happy times, and the necessity for self-discipline.<br /><br />Japhy reminds Ray of the change coming when more people join their refusal to conform. \\"East'll meet West anyway. Think what a great world revolution will take place when East meets West finally, and it'll be guys like us that can start the thing. Think of millions of guys all over the world with rucksacks on their backs tramping around the back country and hitchhiking and bringing the word down to everybody.\\" (155)<br /><br />Kerouac here's still young enough-- even if nearly a decade past Snyder-- to hope. \\"Something will come of it in the Milky Way of eternity stretching in front of all our phantom misunderstandings, friends. I felt like telling Japhy everything I thought but I knew it didn't matter and moreover he knew it anyway and silence is the golden mountain.\\" (53) This typical passage captures the tone of the novel-as-memoir. Based as Douglas notes on smart predecessors like Thomas Wolfe, Melville, Dostoyevsky, Joyce, and Cline, Kerouac sought an admirable purity in his style. It may be difficult for us half-a-century later, jaded, to hear its freshness, but its sincerity lingers in moments such as when he tells us of the moon on water as they descended the mountain on a dark night. \\"Everything up there had smelled of ice and snow and heartless spine rock. Here there was the smell of sun-heated wood, sunny dust resting in the moonlight, lake mud, flowers, straw, all those good things of the earth.\\" (68-69) This may not be the more manic Kerouac that made him famous, but it may give today's uneasy riders a more lasting lesson in the legacy he left us.<br /><br />(P.S. Also see my 2010 reviews of his notebooks, \\"Some of the Dharma,\\" and the original scroll of \\"On the Road\\". Keroauc's \\"Wake Up! A Life of the Buddha,\\" is reviewed by me; written 1955, published 2008.)
B001C3KCSY|5.0|I purchased this album for my girlfriend for her birthday. She had only heard 1 song from them, but loves the whole album. This band is amazing, and are getting bigger all the time.
0143039601|4.0|Just before \\"On the Road\\" brought him the success he craved, Kerouac wrote this account of the \\"Zen Lunatics\\" and Gary Snyder's prediction of a \\"rucksack revolution.\\" This is my first Beat book; in middle age I admit lingering distrust of their sometimes condescending attitude towards the rest of us.<br /><br />That being said, this novelization may make the young feel vigorous and the mature wistful. Hearing \\"Japhy Ryder\\" gush about bulgar and yabyum, green tea and trail mix, baked bread and paisley shawls, Goodwill and hi-fi jazz before the massive commodification of counterculture filters the innocence of these early free spirits from Eisenhower's decade into a muted sepia. It's instructive, as Ann Douglas notes in her introduction, that \\"Ray\\" as Kerouac strives towards a greater sympathy than Snyder-as-Japhy expresses with the \\"straights\\" who must, after all, fund the hikes and the naps of the Beats. There's a sense of slumming, by these two students wanting to imitate a \\"bhikku,\\" a dharma bum. Japhy in real life's Reed-Indiana-Berkeley, Ray's author a scholarship-dropout from Columbia, allied with other privileged folks from the Ivy League and NYC bohemia. I don't know why, but there's an aura of play-acting and noblesse-oblige irritating me about their admirable but somehow smug quest. Blame it on Berkeley?<br /><br />Ray appears, to his eternal credit, aware at least of the contradiction between a Zen lunatic lording his insight over the unenlightened crew-cut and bee-hived masses and his own self struggling, who down on his luck has to go back to North Carolina to live off his kinfolk. Some of the best moments in this book come when Ray tells of his tramps by train and hitchhiking.<br /><br />Apropos, this book was written in ten days and nights at his mother's place in Florida. As his fictional self, Ray ponders the contradiction between the San Francisco party scene of dissolute intellectuals and his family, unable to comprehend Ray's notions and his lazy habits. \\"And I thought of Japhy as I stood there in the cold yard looking at {his mother as she does the dishes]: 'Why is he so mad about white tiled sinks and \\"kitchen machinery\\" he calls it? People have good hearts whether or not they live like Dharma Bums. Compassion is the heart of Buddhism.\\" (100)<br /><br />Yet, the Beats' stance against conformity did inspire generations towards more righteous behavior, along with a lot of excess on that road to wisdom. It's noteworthy that the narrator opens by admitting that while he was once more devout before he met Ryder, now he's \\"a little tired and cynical.\\" (2) Ray seems already to have studied the dharma largely on his own and passed through the initial, somewhat superior stage, and now feels it's a lot of \\"lip service.\\" Still, meeting Japhy, Ray perks up.<br /><br />The centerpiece of the narrative, the climb of the Matterhorn, makes one compare that Sierra peak to the manufactured scale mold towering in smaller form above the then-new Disneyland further south in California. The impression of a still largely rural state, even around the Bay Area, leaves a sense of loss for those who live in the state now. The Beats and then hippies, no less than Cold War defense industries, transformed California into a busier, tawdrier, and uglier place, with dreamers and schemers lured by the rhapsodies in Kerouac and Snyder and their mates.<br /><br />Unable to stay in the South with his family, inarticulate in sharing with them his understanding of Buddhist dharma, Ray goes back after bumming it along the Mexican border just as he left, back west to work as a Cascadia fire-warden at Desolation Peak's lookout. There, as the story ends, he finds his expected peace. \\"I made raspberry Jello the color of rubies in the setting sun.\\" (183) The interim return to California, full of parties in Marin, as with the previous woozy bashes in San Francisco, does drag the momentum down for long stretches of this short book. The contrasts between boho decadence and natural purity may be intentional, but the wobbly, hungover funk does hobble the pace. The comparisons between energy and dissipation do, on the other hand, underscore the lesson of impermanence, even of happy times, and the necessity for self-discipline.<br /><br />Japhy reminds Ray of the change coming when more people join their refusal to conform. \\"East'll meet West anyway. Think what a great world revolution will take place when East meets West finally, and it'll be guys like us that can start the thing. Think of millions of guys all over the world with rucksacks on their backs tramping around the back country and hitchhiking and bringing the word down to everybody.\\" (155)<br /><br />Kerouac here's still young enough-- even if nearly a decade past Snyder-- to hope. \\"Something will come of it in the Milky Way of eternity stretching in front of all our phantom misunderstandings, friends. I felt like telling Japhy everything I thought but I knew it didn't matter and moreover he knew it anyway and silence is the golden mountain.\\" (53) This typical passage captures the tone of the novel-as-memoir. Based as Douglas notes on smart predecessors like Thomas Wolfe, Melville, Dostoyevsky, Joyce, and C&eacute;line, Kerouac sought an admirable purity in his style. It may be difficult for us half-a-century later, jaded, to hear its freshness, but its sincerity lingers in moments such as when he tells us of the moon on water as they descended the mountain on a dark night. \\"Everything up there had smelled of ice and snow and heartless spine rock. Here there was the smell of sun-heated wood, sunny dust resting in the moonlight, lake mud, flowers, straw, all those good things of the earth.\\" (68-69) This may not be the more manic Kerouac that made him famous, but it may give today's uneasy riders a more lasting lesson in the legacy he left us.<br /><br />(P.S. Also see my review of \\"Wake Up! A Life of the Buddha,\\" written by Kerouac in 1955, published in 2008.)ntentional, but the wobbly, hungover funk does hobble the pace. The comparisons between energy and dissipation do, on the other hand, underscore the lesson of impermanence, even of happy times, and the necessity for self-discipline.    Japhy reminds Ray of the change coming when more people join their refusal to conform. \\"East'll meet West anyway. Think what a great world revolution will take place when East meets West finally, and it'll be guys like us that can start the thing. Think of millions of guys all over the world with rucksacks on their backs tramping around the back country and hitchhiking and bringing the word down to everybody.\\" (155)    Kerouac here's still young enough-- even if nearly a decade past Snyder-- to hope. \\"Something will come of it in the Milky Way of eternity stretching in front of all our phantom misunderstandings, friends. I felt like telling Japhy everything I thought but I knew it didn't matter and moreover he knew it anyway and silence is the golden mountain.\\" (53) This typical passage captures the tone of the novel-as-memoir. Based as Douglas notes on smart predecessors like Thomas Wolfe, Melville, Dostoyevsky, Joyce, and Cline, Kerouac sought an admirable purity in his style. It may be difficult for us half-a-century later, jaded, to hear its freshness, but its sincerity lingers in moments such as when he tells us of the moon on water as they descended the mountain on a dark night. \\"Everything up there had smelled of ice and snow and heartless spine rock. Here there was the smell of sun-heated wood, sunny dust resting in the moonlight, lake mud, flowers, straw, all those good things of the earth.\\" (68-69) This may not be the more manic Kerouac that made him famous, but it may give today's uneasy riders a more lasting lesson in the legacy he left us.    (P.S. Also see my review of \\"Wake Up! A Life of the Buddha,\\" written by Kerouac in 1955, published in 2008.)
1423101472|4.0|Rick Riordan has written another winner! As in the previous books, several of the plot twists were rather predictable. But the story is such a good yarn that I did not mind too much.     One thing that I was very glad the author did NOT include is a \\"where are they now?\\" final chapter like J.K. Rowling did in the 7th Harry Potter book. Mr. Riordan's ending was satisfying but not over-the-top corny.     Highly recommended!
B001MS7IBS|1.0|This show is only a bad intent to make another X-files, it has the most stupid and nonesensic plots a series has ever had with disgusting and unnecesary scens.. Definitely the series continue getting worse and worse after the first episodes. The main actress acts so bad that it's very difficult to believe that is a professional actress. In my opinion is one of the worst written shows currently on TV, believe me, very bad written.
B000QQH4YS|5.0|Loved it when I was a kid that was really too young to be watching this kind of movie and love it still as an adult who watched it last night.  Its amazing how well this movie holds up.  It some instances you realize its from a different decade, but for the most part it could have been shot today and seemed very relevant and styled for the present day.    I won't get into the details of the plot or acting, but I'll say if you like action movies that don't pull any punches when it comes to violence while at the same time using that violence effectively to tell a story, you'll enjoy this movie.  It may seemed dated, but it has moments that strike a cord perhaps even more so today than it did twenty years ago when this was \\"science fiction\\".  Now it just seems like this could happen any day now.
B001C4CI8U|1.0|This show is only a bad intent to make another X-files, it has the most stupid and nonesensic plots a series has ever had, it has disgusting and unnecesary scens,... Definitely the series continue to only getting worse and worse after the first episodes. The main actress acts so bad that it's very difficult to believe that is a professional actress. In my opinion is one of the worst written shows currently on TV, seriouslt very bad written.
B001TH16DI|4.0|I pre-ordered this set well in advance and started to get very worried about the quality issues reading some of the \\"pre-release\\" reviews.  I was very relieved when I finally got the set and was able to my own evaluation.  I don't exactly know where a lot of the 1 star reviewers are coming from.  The majority of reviews make this set sound like the video quality is on par with an old VHS or laserdisc release, which is completely not the case.  Let me start out with one thing.  You already LOVE Star Trek if you are buying this set and not the \\"Trilogy\\" set with Star Trek II, III, and IV which I would recommend to casual Star Trek fans since you get the better movies anyways (with maybe the exception of ST VI).  Just wait and get ST VI as a director's cut.    As pointed out by several other reviewers the stand out movie is Star Trek II: The Wrath of Kahn.  The digital restoration is beautiful!  Waiting for this set I watched my old DVD copy last week and then the new Blu-ray version when I received it and WOW!!! It looks amazing.  I've never seen this movie look so good or sound so good!    As with the other movies, while they do not look like TWOK, they still look amazing!  The picture quality is very good, excellent contrast on everything but STIII.  But I seem to remember even in the theater this movie looked soft.  STIV has a little more noticable DRC, I think due to the stock used on the film.  I've always thought was a little more grainy due to the fact that the film was shot with a lot of exterior locations using a daylight stock.  I think they did wash some of the grain out with the DRC.  But the quality is still much, much, much better the the DVD release!  If you want all the original theatrical releases for a pretty cheap price (about $13 bucks each!) then this is the release for you.  STII would be well worth $30-40 on it's own.
B000LXH0AE|4.0|Harold Crick (Will Ferrell), an IRS agent who leads an extremely boring life, discovers that he is the main character in a novel written by Karen Eiffel (Emma Thompson), an author with a reputation for killing off the protagonists of all of her novels.    \\"Stranger than Fiction\\" starts as a gimmick film, the gimmick being that the main character is a character in a novel, but unlike other gimmick films, where the gimmick frequently wears thin after the first half hour or so, writer Zach Helm has the good sense to evolve his movie into what is actually a pretty sweet romantic comedy.     Will Ferrell, best known for appearing in comedies aimed at teenagers, delivers an unusually restrained performance and as a result, gives one of the best performances of his career. Harold Crick is a character whom you just can't help but liking, and that is because he is such a human character. Crick is essentially just an ordinary guy who is in love with a girl (Maggie Gyllenhaal) and wants to live a long, happy life with her. The fact that the obstacles that Crick must face in order to achieve this goal are so incredibly far-fetched doesn't change the fact that he is experiencing feelings that we can all understand and relate to.     Whenever I dislike a movie, I find myself hoping that the main character will die. By contrast, with \\"Stranger than Fiction\\", I genuinely found myself hoping that Crick would live. It is for this reason, I strongly recommend this film.
1400063515|3.0|Many of the other reviewers expounded on the virtues and shortfalls of this book, so I'll be short. The book is filled when gems of ideas big and small, but I had a hard time getting over the condescending tones in many sections of the book. Taleb argument is essentially this:     (1) most systems are only quasi-predictable because impossible-to-predict events dominate its evolution on long time scales  (2) many people pretend to have found ways to predict the evolution of these systems  (3) Those people are idiots (proof: see axiom 1).    If you can get over Taleb's air of superiority then the book is great and provides a wide breadth of insight that might inspire you to conduct further intellectual exploration.
0141439580|5.0|Emma was the first Jane Austen book I've ever read &, originally, I liked it much more than Pride And Prejudice but I've since changed my mind.  While I love this book, it's not my favorite anymore.<br /><br />Emma is such a fun character because she is so sure that what she's doing is right when all the while she's just making a mess of things.  The best part about her is that when she sees that she is wrong, she can laugh at herself & learn from her mistakes.<br /><br />Mr. Knightly is one of my favorite Austen characters.  His name says it all, \\"knightly.\\" He is the perfect gentlemen...possibly moreso than Mr. Darcy, even.<br /><br />The characters in this book, as in all Jane Austen books, represent both the follies & goodness in human nature, which is what I love about her writing.  This is a wonderful book that I highly recommend for anyone new to Jane Austen.
B0021L8UM6|5.0|the movie it's really good, the only bad thing was that I saw it in spanish and is really bad translated
0141439807|3.0|First of all, the heroine's name is Fanny.  I'm sorry but I can't get past the name.  I know it was probably a very popular & fashionable name back when the book was published but for me, names are very important, & this is a horrible one.<br /><br />Other than her name, I like Fanny.  She is very quiet & kind, despite being treated exactly like the unwanted relation that she was.  She has an enormous amount of patience to put up with all the idiocy that surrounds her.  She always does what she believes to be right even when it seems like the whole world is trying to push her in the opposite direction.<br /><br />Fanny has two love interests.  Her first love is her cousin that she's grown up with, almost as brother & sister, which makes it even more weird to our modern world.  But I suppose it's not so unusual for their time & it's understandable since she probably didn't know that many young men & no one was as kind to her as Edmund was.  He was basically her only friend.<br /><br />Her second love interest is the charming Henry Crawford, a new neighbor to Mansfield Park.  He & his sister have moved to the country from London.  They are everything that is fashionable & turn the Bertram family upsidedown.  At first he does not really like Fanny, she is just something to help him pass the time while his sister flirts with Edmund.  He notices how quiet & reserved she is & his first goal is to make her attach herself to him.  As he persists & gets to know her, he actually starts to genuinely care for her (as genuinely as a man like him can care, anyway).<br /><br />Will Fanny hold on to her love for Edmund or will she fall for the charms of Henry.  Will Edmund continue to be blinded by Mary Crawford's beauty & wit?  You'll have to read the book to find out...or, I suppose, you could watch one of the films.<br /><br />This story is somewhat different than Austen's other books.  Most Austen fans will say that this is not their favorite & I agree.  I do still enjoy it, though, & have read it several times because I just can't get enough of her storytelling.ough, & have read it several times because I just can't get enough of her storytelling.
B000Q7ZND6|5.0|This movie blew me away the first time I seen this movie. I wish it were 20-30 mins longer to for more story.     I have wanted part 2 for years now but sadly I am still waiting. I purchased this movie on DVD then HD-DVD. When HD-DVD was put to rest, I was upset because I knew I would not be using that player for long. I broke down and purchase the Bluray for another high def version.     I am glad to say I am not disappointed.
B0001Z37HM|5.0|This movie stands on its own with Bridget Nielsen as Red Sonja yet Arnnold Schwarzenegger plays the part of Kalidor the protector yet it does keep you on the edge of your seat but you must include a snobby prince along with his guardian per say but this action/adventure movie does have its moments: sword fights, romance and action/adventure in which i highly recommend that you get this movie you will not be disappointed whatsoever!!
B001TODCII|1.0|Thanks to a torrent of derivative divorced-but-still-relevant-dad nonsense, (he gifts his princess the karaoke machine, the step-dad answers with a thoroughbred) plus an imaging trick first imagined in \\"Blow-Up\\" -- with a later techno-twist in \\"Bladerunner\\" -- some thinly imitated Bourne-Trilogy action sequences all triple-cherry topped by an incredibly tone-deaf (considering Bush-era policy) instance of torture, \\"Taken\\" should simply be given back. And because all that Liam's improbable rescue manages to accomplish is to assure the music industry the possibility of yet another teeny bop pop singer, after a 6,000 mile-long bloody trail we the audience aren't even rewarded with a happy ending.<br /><br />Neeson is a fine actor, his presence being the only draw here. But the writer and director have him behave like Lancelot at the Wedding (Grail, The Holy), leaving a wake of mutilation and death that easily outweighs the main character's more ennobling purpose. It's a shame Neeson has chosen to add his name to the canon of these mindless revenge films that posture in reality while constantly resorting to fantasy in order to advance the action (after all, there is no extant plot to advance).<br /><br />For a much more penetrating view of this particular form of moral complexity, please consider watching Ron Howard's underrated \\"The Missing\\" (again: daughter kidnapped to be sold as a white slave, rescued by estranged [grand]father and his daughter, her mother)  or \\"Shotgun Stories\\" (sister murdered) instead, films which forgo reflexive fatalism -- unlike this clich&eacute; and corrupting bit of fluff.
B001TOD9VI|5.0|The Wrestler is the type of film that makes movies the special part of life that they are. The ability of an actor, script, music and cinematography to pull at our emotional strings and force us to feel remorse or happiness for a fictional character is amazing. It is amazing but unfortunately a rarity in the hundreds of movies pumped out every year, but once in awhile you stumble on a gem, and that gem renews your faith not only in the industry but in the art of story telling.<br /><br />It is the cliched tale of the mighty warrior falling from glory. The gladiator who has grown old and tired, too damaged to please the adoring crowd and too alien to the normality of life to do anything else. It is the story we are shown quite often but rarily do we get the reality of such a situation. It makes you wonder why boxers way past their primes come back to the ring and NFL players who are past effectiveness refusing to retire. It is something foreign to the everyday man who has not endured the bumps and bruises of a life of pain in entertainment to please the adoring crowd. The Wrestler is such a tale, allowing us for a few moments to see the candid truths of a professional wrestler in the twilight years of his career.<br /><br />Having known some wrestlers in my time period, I already knew this tale. Well documented by scenes in documentaries such as Beyond The Mat, I know that an  older wrestler is normally broke, heavily reliant on drugs and damn near suicidal. With the exception of Hulk Hogan and Dwayne \\"The Rock\\" Johnson, you will be hard pressed to find retired wrestlers who are living comfortably through the fruits of their labor. The Wrestler allows us to be a fly on the wall in the life of one of the unlucky old-timers.<br /><br />Randy \\"The Ram\\" Robinson (Mickey Rourke) is a professional wrestler with a long career of success behind him. With the old aches and age finally dragging him down, Randy is unable to keep up with life outside the ring and spends nights sleeping in his van. His hopes of returning to stardom leads him to doing small independent shows for little to no money until he is hit with a severe health issue. In a vain attempt to retire and live normal life, Randy pursues a relationship with Cassidy/Pam (Marisa Tomei) a dancer at the Strip Club he frequents and his estranged daughter Stephanie (Evan rachel Wood). Unfortunately regular life and Randy do not mix well and he is forced to fall back on the only people who have always been there for him... the crowd.<br /><br />The Wrestler in essence is a tragedy, being that it is so absolutely real it feels more documentary than motion picture. Mickey Rourke is perfect and so believable that had he not been a famous actor it would be hard pressed for you to convince me that \\"The Ram\\" wasn't a real person. Not only is Marisa Tomei absolutely beautiful in this film but she brings a real humanity to Cassidy that ran parallels to some of the working girls I know in life. The movie was powerfully realistic and relevant and I think it will bring some much needed attention to the entertainment/sport of pro wrestling. To top it off the score is so melancholy and appropriate that it plays with your emotions as much as the action on screen.<br /><br />This is not a rental folks, this is a purchase and treasured film for your collection. I am very glad to have seen it and with the low budget used to film it... shows that a tough story and an actor that can pull it off is all that is needed for cinema gold.hopes of returning to stardom leads him to doing small independent shows for little to no money until he is hit with a severe health issue. In a vain attempt to retire and live normal life, Randy pursues a relationship with Cassidy/Pam (Marisa Tomei) a dancer at the Strip Club he frequents and his estranged daughter Stephanie (Evan rachel Wood). Unfortunately regular life and Randy do not mix well and he is forced to fall back on the only people who have always been there for him... the crowd.    The Wrestler in essence is a tragedy, being that it is so absolutely real it feels more documentary than motion picture. Mickey Rourke is perfect and so believable that had he not been a famous actor it would be hard pressed for you to convince me that \\"The Ram\\" wasn't a real person. Not only is Marisa Tomei absolutely beautiful in this film but she brings a real humanity to Cassidy that ran parallels to some of the working girls I know in life. The movie was powerfully realistic and relevant and I think it will bring some much needed attention to the entertainment/sport of pro wrestling. To top it off the score is so melancholy and appropriate that it plays with your emotions as much as the action on screen.    This is not a rental folks, this is a purchase and treasured film for your collection. I am very glad to have seen it and with the low budget used to film it... shows that a tough story and an actor that can pull it off is all that is needed for cinema gold.
B001GQACGO|5.0|Beyonce has an alter ego \\"Sasha Fierce\\" but now its spread to singer TWEET.    Tweet has a hot azz book called \\"Love Is the Drug\\" and it's about REAL ROXANNE the fine azz black woman movie critic! lol! (go to BOOKS and see the book cover by searching \\"Tweet\\" + \\"Love Is the Drug\\"). You can only get it in the Kindle Store or Mobipocket but its too fierce I loved it.  I think BEYONCE should star in the movie version of the book because it's a strong love story and I had no idea Tweet could write a damn book THAT GOOD!  These singing stars are getting totally fierce with the double identities I see.
B001JV5BIA|3.0|Wow... you know those discussions you have with friends after seeing a movie like Taken? Conversations where you say things like \\"if someone was to ever do that to my daughter, I would [...] their world up\\". Well The Last House on the Left basically puts that threat on film in graphic detail.<br /><br />An escaped convict, his brother, son and girlfriend kidnap two young girls, sexually assault them (sigh) and kill one. The criminals then take up refuge in the home of John and Emma Collingwood only to realize that they are the parents of one of the girls. Once their identities are revealed, the mother and father find an assortment of creative ways to butcher and kill the people who hurt their innocent daughter.<br /><br />Without a doubt my favorite character was the mother Emma Collingwood (Monica Potter), fooling us the entire movie by playing the part of the docile wife then switching to Ripley mode when her daughter gets hurt. The dad John Collingwood (Tony Goldwyn) shows you why a doctor could either be an enormous help or a painful threat... Krug (Garret Dillahunt) is an evil rapist sonofabitch who gets whats coming to him and that's putting it nicely. Of all the characters in this dark tale, these three characters really own the show and each actor did a great job in their portrayal.<br /><br />The only gripe I have with this movie is the rape that seemed to go on for 3 hours... I am not a fan of graphic rape scenes and the one portrayed here seemed very real and was torture to sit through... worse to me than even Deliverance, there I said it.  The bad guys outside of Krug seemed to be stand-ins waiting for their turn to be killed since they could be left out of the movie and not be missed. The lead-up to the slaughter was a bit long but from the instance the girls are kidnapped you begin to feel the true terror of their situation. Something with the way it was shot makes you really worry for these girls as they are interrogated by Krug and eventually dragged out to the woods (can't have a rape without woods right?)<br /><br />It seems that with movies like this and Taken, Hollywood wants to scare parents into schooling their kids with some sort of street smarts (always a dumb friend leading an innocent one into some mess). These movies depict men at our lowest of lows, raping and beating teenage women like animals only to have the parent come at them like a bat out of hell. Well if you love thrillers, and you love the aspect of seeing the good guy get some \\"get back\\" then go see The Last House on the Left, it was enjoyable outside of the rape and will be joining my collection.have a rape without woods right?)    It seems that with movies like this and Taken, Hollywood wants to scare parents into schooling their kids with some sort of street smarts (always a dumb friend leading an innocent one into some mess). These movies depict men at our lowest of lows, raping and beating teenage women like animals only to have the parent come at them like a bat out of hell. Well if you love thrillers, and you love the aspect of seeing the good guy get some \\"get back\\" then go see The Last House on the Left, it was enjoyable outside of the rape and will be joining my collection.
B001P9KR8U|5.0|I am all around pleased with my product. It came in when it was supposed to and came in the condition it read. The packaging was brand new and there were no problems at all. I recommend this seller to anyone. Especially with DVD's.
B001U0HBPG|5.0|\\"life isn't measured in minutes, but in moments\\"<br /><br />A beautiful movie to be seen by all. Cate Blanchett was beauty in motion and Brad Pitt was powerful in heart. As a reminder of the trivial things we overlook in life and the importance of unselfish caring, The Curious Case of Benjamin Button is a movie to not only watch but own.<br /><br />With solid CGI combined with breathtaking cinematography, The Curious Case of Benjamin Button was akin to watching a canvas of renaissance era oil painting come to life on the big screen. It's not just a should see, it's a must see and you would be doing yourself a disservice as a movie-watcher to skip out on this one. Director David Fincher, normally directing darker films like Se7en, Fight Club and Zodiac, hits a homerun with this drama and with the talents of Cate Blanchett (one of the greater character actors of our time) and Brad Pitt, it was easy to like this movie.<br /><br />\\"They said I was gonna die soon but, maybe not.\\"<br /><br />Benjamin Button is an odd man who lives a life not unlike our own but strangely enough his aging is in reverse. The internal mechanics of his humanity are familiar in every aspect but his outward appearance is what makes him unique. Benjamin Button ages in reverse, starting out as a wrinkled \\"old\\" baby, he grows into a hansome man and in his twilight years reverts to teenager, child and then baby. The Curious Case of Benjamin Button details the life of Ben as he is outcast for his looks at birth to then falling in love as an adult. His journey showcases many of the entertaining aspects of the early 1900s without force feeding you the basics of life during that time.<br /><br />Without giving away too much, I will say that You will get a sense of Forest Gump from the transition of time as the cinematography details about five decades of American history with a splattering of comedy here and there. While most other movies depicting this time period focus heavily on America's ugly racist ways, The Curious Case of Benjamin Button focuses specifically on the people in Ben's life and does not veer away from the important elements. It is a unique experience in that motion and seeing the strength in Benjamin as he copes with rejection and acceptance leaves you with a lesson about forgiveness. It is one that we all need to be reminded of.<br /><br />Huge acting, stellar cinematography and music that keeps you focused and attentive to the story, The Curious Case of Benjamin Button is a great movie.<br /><br />Greg's Candid Opinion (Spoiler Warning)<br />Beyond the story and the fact that two of my favorite actors are in this one together, I love this movie for one more reason. For a span in Ben's life he has all the money he could want, he has a woman who is crazy about him and he has no other obstacle but time in sharing life with her. So what do they do? They f-ck like drugged rabbits for like 10 years straight, seriously, it was like: groceries, sex, eat, sex, cuddle, sex, walk out by the lake, sex, dinner, sex, rinse - repeat. It reminded me of college days when I spent many days at the apartment of my girlfriend at the time and life slowed down immensely for that entire semester, it was a great memory and it made me understand the happiness that Ben and daisy both felt with the freedom of just living , and having sexual freedom. How sexy was Cate Blanchett in this movie? Sheesh.<br /><br />More reviews at [...]on focuses specifically on the people in Ben's life and does not veer away from the important elements. It is a unique experience in that motion and seeing the strength in Benjamin as he copes with rejection and acceptance leaves you with a lesson about forgiveness. It is one that we all need to be reminded of.    Huge acting, stellar cinematography and music that keeps you focused and attentive to the story, The Curious Case of Benjamin Button is a great movie.    Greg's Candid Opinion (Spoiler Warning)  Beyond the story and the fact that two of my favorite actors are in this one together, I love this movie for one more reason. For a span in Ben's life he has all the money he could want, he has a woman who is crazy about him and he has no other obstacle but time in sharing life with her. So what do they do? They f-ck like drugged rabbits for like 10 years straight, seriously, it was like: groceries, sex, eat, sex, cuddle, sex, walk out by the lake, sex, dinner, sex, rinse - repeat. It reminded me of college days when I spent many days at the apartment of my girlfriend at the time and life slowed down immensely for that entire semester, it was a great memory and it made me understand the happiness that Ben and daisy both felt with the freedom of just living , and having sexual freedom. How sexy was Cate Blanchett in this movie? Sheesh.    More reviews at [...]
B001KR0BDI|2.0|When I saw this book on the self, I thought to myself, I have found an author that actually had an imagination to create something new other then some authors that feed off of old stuff already written.  This author did indeed write something new for reader to fed their imagination but I found the story boring the more I read. I have acutally stop reading it because of the lack of detail. Don`t get me wrong the begining was good but the more I read the less my attention was on the book. I was hopeing for the end until I had to put the book down.
B001MYIXAW|3.0|If you are a fan of vampire movies and would like a more unique take on the genre, I would recommend you check out \\"Lt den r&auml;tte komma in\\" Let The Right One In.<br /><br />The story takes place in the apartment building of one Oskar (Kre Hedebrant), a quiet 12 year old who is constantly bullied by Conny (Patrik Rydmark) and his two friends, Martin (Mikael Erhardsson) and Andreas (Johan S&ouml;mnes). One day whilst playing by himself (as usual), Oskar is approached by Eli (Lina Leandersson), a mysterious girl about his age who had just moved in to the apartment next to his. The two soon form a relationship of friendship and a bit more which ultimately leads to Oskar learning that she is a vampire.<br /><br />The pacing of this movie is a bit slow and will turn-off the newbie horror fans who are used to gore over story. Eli has fangs which are never seen, so the cliche Vampire shots are left out - a choice I view as an excellent one since the fangs would have changed our outlook on her quite a bit. Eli is shown to be somewhat of an innocent, a child who has lived through the ages drinking blood and although she has a killer's instinct to feed, she comes off as lonely and sad the entire time.<br /><br />Let The Right One In is a love story with the main characters being children. Innocence is exploited, revealed and at times thrown out the door. The cinematography was the highlight of this film for me as we watch the drifting snow fall upon the brick prison of an apartment complex during the initial scene when the kids meet. Filmed in Sweden and critically acclaimed, I would recommend this movie to the true vampire fans.
B0000DD7LB|3.0|Heyy!!!! It's me again! Today I'm gonna review In The Zone.    Me Against The Music- This song is sooo fun to dance to and like make up your own routines. You can even act the music video out with your friends. REALLY FUN!!!!! 10/10    I've Got That Boom! Boom!- I find this one a little controversial, because she says \\"...boy you look so sexy\\", like a jillion times and in the Ying Yang Twins rap it says that she's nude, which is kinda innapropriate considering that this came out when children still liked Britney Spears. It's fun to dance to. 7/10    Showdown- One of her most controversial songs ever! She says the following lines: \\"...you looking good when your half-dressed\\" and \\"...can you undo my zipper please?\\". So it's innapropriate. 8/10    Breathe On Me- VERY BAD LYRICS!! Like adult lyrics. But it's my favorite song of hers. So danceable!!! 10/10    Early Mornin'- See, I don't like this one because she talks the whole song. This and \\"Freakshow\\" are my least favorite songs. 4/10    Toxic- It's her #2 hit!!! Everybody loves this song! See I DONT!!! I'm tired of it! You get so sick of it after a while! That's what makes it so good to other people. 5/10    Outrageous- I like this one even though it's like her lowest rating song and has controversial lyrics. It's fun to dance to. 9/10    Touch Of My Hand- 2nd most controversial song! It's so innapropriate that I can't even talk about it. 7/10    The Hook Up- This song has a Jamacian theme. About hooking up. I like to dance and sing along to this one. 9/10    Shadow- The first ballad on the CD. I love this one. Especially the live performance in The Onyx Hotel Tour on YouTube. Slow-danceable. 10/10    Brave New Girl- BORRING! Sounds like a bubblegum, cookie-cutter song!!! 3/10    Everytime- This song rocks! It's a nice ballad. 10/10    skip:  early mornin'  brave new girl  touch of my hand    listen to:  me against the music  i've got that boom boom  showdown  breathe on me  toxic  outrageous  the hook up  shadow  everytime
B000002BYA|3.0|I call this album a mixed bag because the first half is awesome and the second half is pretty bad.  On the front side, Stevie's guitar is fantastic, his vocals excellent, and Double Trouble is tight.  It is the kind of music that makes this listener want to get out of his seat and jump around.  It's really that good.    Unfortunately, the back side is not nearly as good.  Stevie is joined by a horn section, an organ, and a second guitar (played by his big brother, Jimmy).  The horns and organ are really loud and even though Stevie can easily fill up much larger venues with his amazing axe, he manages to get drowned out by the other instruments.  There are some good moments, as when Angela Strehli kicks in with some great vocals, but overall it fails to deliver.  And the encore is a waste of time as Stevie seems to forget the way that his beautiful song, Lenny, goes and totally messes it up.  The audience gets kind of impatient and rowdy and Stevie, as if not knowing what else to do, breaks into a sloppy version of Rude Mood before giving up.  It is a truly weak ending to an album that starts very strong.    Also, folks should understand that this is Stevie the Blues Man and not expect much rock.  No Voodoo Child, here.
B00005OM4N|5.0|Heyy! It's me again. Today I will review the album \\"Britney\\".    I'm A Slave 4 U- I like this one a lot. It is her third best hit. It is very danceable and shows a more personal side of her, by the lyrics which clearly state not to treat her like a little girl, you got it Britney. 10/10    Overprotected- I like this one as well, especially in the beginning when she talks. This one is about not telling her what to do and lay back- don't watch her like a hawk. Very fun, danceable. 10/10    Lonely- This one is a little more rock-edgy. Not like shredding guitars or anthing like that but, more rockish for her. 7/10    I'm Not A Girl Not Yet A Woman- I like this one too. This one was from her debut movie, \\"Crossroads\\". It recived great airplay. It's a nice ballad about her growing up. A great slow-dance song. 9/10    Boys- This one is about how a girl needs a boyfriend to be in control. To my opinion, that is not true. Very danceable. Dance to it a a club. 8/10    Anticipating- This song has a very happy, little girl, bubblegum-cokkie cutter beat. She uses her soft voice even though it's an upbeat song. It kinda makes me feel uncomfortable, though. LOL. 6/10    I Love Rock 'N' Roll- OMG!!! Britney Spears butchered this song. Joan Jett yells, and screams, and plays shredding guitar solos in this song. Britney Spears adds rap, and the guitar sounds electrified, and the drums are slowed down. THIS SONG SUCKS!!! You will be laughing like I did when I heard the song. DON'T LISTEN!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 3/10    Cinderella- I like the beat to this one. It's kinda boring though. 5/10    Let Me Be- The guitar in the beginning is cool. This song is kinda mean, but has a happy beat. I think it's nice. Not danceable. 8/10    Bombastic Love- The beginning and the chorus are cool, but the verses don't fit in. 7/10    That's Where You Take Me- She uses her real voice in this one, and it sounds nice. One of my favorites. This one is actually a single, but recieved airplay in foreign countries only. Boo hoo.  10/10    What It's Like To Be Me- She's just complaining about how hard it is to be her, oh yeah, it's hard to be a million-aire. And her ex-boyfriend Justin Timberlake does beat-box while she sings, which in my opinion is lame. 6/10    LISTEN TO:  im a slave 4 u  overprotected  lonely  i'm not a girl not yet a woman  boys  anticipating  cinderella  let me be  bombastic love  that's where you take me    skip:  i love rock 'n' roll  what it's like to be me
B001TODCII|1.0|The majority of 5 star reviews really made me want to see this movie.  Unbelievable! 5 Star Reviews . . . REALLY?  That MUST be a reflection of the immaturity of the viewers or the sheer ignorance of the viewers, it's hard to tell.    While the theme and concept are good, the reality of REALITY is just ignored and create success in each pivotal scene just absurd.  They're just not even remotely plausible.  Liam's character seems to be a combination of a Navy Seal, James Bond, Batman, and maybe a tinge of the six million dollar man who never misses a shot, escapes all harm . . . effortlessly and just ridiculously cannot be stopped by machine guns or anything else.  This makes me want to see a science fiction movie just so I can get a plausible story line.    Interesting!
B000002UAU|1.0|Heres the thing, I LIKE the beatles. I like the majority of their music, im familiar with all they have to offer but iv come to a conclusion regarding this album. The reason ppl love it so much is that its EXPERIMENTAL. Its something ppl had not heard during that time, something grounbreaking. I give it all props for that, but heres the thing, it does not have enought hits to justify the FORGETTABLE songs that this album has. The majority of the songs are experimental but forgettable. It has a good overall feel to the album but we wont hear anyone singing half those songs.<br /><br />1. sgt peppers: good song? yes, great? no<br />2. with a little help from my friends: good song, yes. Great? yes<br />3: Lucy in the sky with diamonds: great? yes one of two major hits on this album though<br />4: getting better: good? yes great? no. its okay<br />5: fixing a hole: forgetable<br />6: shes leaving home: forgetable<br />7: mr kite: forgetable<br />8: within you without you: forgetable<br />9: when im sixty-four: great song, but will you play it loud while driving with your windows down? no<br />10: lovely rita: forgetable<br />11: good morning: forgetable<br />12: .........<br />13: day in the life: one of the beatles greatest songs ever<br /><br />so before you DIE HARD beatles fans get your panties all scrunched up bout this review, just know its true! its just the hype of the experimentation that makes this album seem unique from other albums of its time. The only thing though, is that its got too many forgetable songs IMO....plus by the way, ABBEY ROAD is the beatles best album! hands down.
B001AVEJ1Y|2.0|I am a Trekie- in a sense, I have admired the series for quite some time. But I am a Star Trek Voyager fan foremost- any other star trek movie or series has and does not compare to Captain Janeway, Seven of Nine, the Doctor, and the U.S.S. Voyager's mission. I think since Star Trek Nemesis, the series does need to be 'revived'. But I don't necessarily think making a prequel with a hot young kirk, spock, mccoy will really revamp the series. I think another Star Trek movie perhaps based on another crew (besides TNG) would have served the future of Star Trek well (Voyager, DS9, New Frontier?) This new Star Trek movie is less serious, more silly, and less scientific. And that's not necessarily bad- it's what the series needs now- to be revived to accept general audience. But this NEW premise isn't really Star Trek. It's something in between the original concept of Star Trek and Star Wars. So what the creators of Trek should have done was make a new sci-fi spin off that is similiar to Star Trek, but a new creation on itself. Was this movie entertaining? Yes. Was it exhiliarting? Yes. Was it Star Trek? No. I would say it's something completely new and different, and in that case it should no longer be called Star Trek.
B0015DYIH2|1.0|Anytime a TV show introduces new, unheard of characters or babies, it has jumped the shark. For anyone not familiar with the term, a good series gone bad. This was the only way to describe the book to anyone who has not read it yet. I won't go into the pedophile thing. If I could ask Stephanie Meyer one thing, it would be, \\"Are you really proud of this book?\\"  This book does not deserve 1 star.
B00127RAJY|5.0|in a good way that is. today was my first day using this dvd even though I had it for some time. Boy oh boy was i sweating after 10min! My legs feel weak and are sore in good way. I'm so excited because I'm sure I will see results. I had to stop 3x because I couldn't catch my breath. I am out of shape and I know with this dvd along with walk away the pounds I will be healthy and lean in no time. I will post my results in 30 days! wish me luck.....
0446530573|5.0|I received this as a gift.  As an Italian-American and an excellent cook, I was a little insulted.  Well, I got over it in the first few minutes of perusing this book.  This is what growing up on the East coast in an Italian-American family tastes like.  The recipes brought back the sweetest, happiest memories.  Michele Scicolone provides truly authentic recipes.  As for the Soprano's blurbs, I can take them or leave them.  I actually refer to this book often when cooking.  Even though I own about 60 cookbooks, I consider this book one of my top 5.  If you are looking for that Italian-American food experience, this is your book.  If you're Italian and you want a collection of recipes your grandmother and your mother cooked for the family, this is your book.  You can't go wrong.
0312383320|3.0|The Stephanie Plum series has always been a funny series with strange characters and the in between numbers novels are no different. You have characters like Santa Claus and Cupid, so it's no surprise that in this novel the Jersey Devil and the Easter Bunny come alive. The title may suggest that the book would have to do with Halloween (as all the In Betweens deal with a holiday), but this one doesn't. There also isn't really anything \\"spooky\\" about this book. And like the last Plum novel this one gets even crazier (monkeys with helmets? a fire farter?). I have enjoyed all the novels, but 14 was not my favorite, and a lot it had to do with the storyline being way too far fetched (potato launcher guards?). This one is no different. We do get to travel outside of Trenton to the Pine Barrens which was a nice change of scenery (as I know nothing about the Jersey Pine Barrens), but the characters, the magnetometer and the \\"mystery\\" are really out there.    If you didn't like 14 you might not like this one, and if you're looking for Connie, Vinnie, Grandma Mazur, and the rest of the Plum family, you're not going to find them. They don't make much of an appearance. You will get a glimpse at Joe's brother Anthony, which was a nice treat, because we don't really get a glimpse at Joe or Ranger's families, but like all IBN novels, Joe and Ranger don't make much of an appearance either. They show up more in this novel, but the main focal points are Diesel and his power hungry cousin, Steph, Carl the Monkey and Lula and Tank (are they over?).
B001TODCII|4.0|By now, everyone has seen the promos of this movie with Liam Neeson talking on the phone with his daughter's kidnapper. \\"I will find you, and I will kill you,\\" being Neeson's last words to the kidnapper before the kidnapper replies, \\"Good luck.\\"<br />  From that point early on in the movie, the action begins and doesn't hardly let up on the gas until the very end. Neeson tracks the kidnappers to Paris on his quest to rescue his daughter using his 'training' as a preventer.<br />  Some have compared this movie to 'The Bourne Identity' but I don't think it quite gets there. That's the only reason why this movie doesn't recieve five stars from me. But definately worth the 96 minutes.
1416972242|5.0|This book was awesome.  The whole trilogy was great.  I flew through it.  It had an incredable storyline.  I was sad when it was over.  But I hear that she is writing another trilogy about 100 or so years earlier.  I'm really excited and can't wait for it to come out in June of next year.
B001U0HBPG|4.0|The premise of this movie was very, very interesting: a man, born in his eighties and ages backward through the course of his life.<br />  When Benjamin's mother died at his birth and his father saw the old looking, wrinkled infant, he panicked and left Benjamin Button on the steps of a retirement home in New Orleans.<br />  Thus begins the Curious Case of Benjamin Button. David Fincher (the director) takes us on a journey of a man who learns everything in reverse. He is ignorant while still an old man, and as he ages backwards, he becomes more knowledgeable and mature. We see Benjamin meet many people, all of whom he touches and changes their lives in some way.<br />  I was surprised by the sense of humor in this movie. It was genuinely laugh-out-loud funny in parts.<br />  It's really the best movie of its kind since 'Forrest Gump.'
B001VB8UAE|5.0|Funny girl, funny lady, and now--funny grandma.  Barbra's back, looking pleasingly plump and with a golden voice that sounds as sensual as ever.  For those who lament that she can't hit or hold the high notes as she once did, all I can say is, \\"And how are you doing in your mid-60s?\\"  If you want a sampling of the young Barbra, this DVD has extras from her TV shows for you to enjoy.      The amazing thing about Barbra, aside from that God-given voice of hers, is how beautifully she's aged.  She's really grown into her \\"look,\\" and she's far more attractive than many of yesterday's glamour girls who are now in their 60s and 70s.    The highlight for me in this elegant, gorgeously produced concert is Barbra's delivery of \\"Have I Stayed Too Long at the Fair?\\"  With its special lyrics saluting her mother and father, I truly felt that she was saying goodbye to her amazing career.  It was joyous and sad at the same time.  There never will be another like her.    On the downside, I'm always a bit uncomfortable when Barbra shmoozes with her audience.  This has been billed as the warmer, friendlier, \\"looser\\" Barbra.  I don't know why but I never really believe it.  And there's quite a bit of it in this concert.    But don't let that deter you from this exceptional DVD of her performance.  The sound, the lighting, the set are a true pleasure.  And Barbra's impeccable diction and heartfelt interpretations draw you into her songs as if each were a little play.  Just watch her eyes as she sings.  She really feels every word of the lyrics.    A footnote that may be of interest:  The name of the actor who played George W. Bush in the much-discussed political skit appears in the credits.  Thankfully, the skit is missing.  Was it a last-minute decision?  We'll never know but it was a wise move.  Why date this extraordinary performance?  For those who get off on Barbra's politics, you can hear all the gags on the bonus tracks.
B0024F08RO|5.0|I cannot believe that this series is over. I don't get involved in a lot of tv shows but I have been watching Prisonbreak for 4 years and have loved every minute of it. I never got tired of the crazy plot twists or mindgames. I love how they ended the series even though I am going to miss it terribly. I own seasons 1,2 and 3 and have pre-ordered season 4. I don't agree with the negative comments at all. I think the writers did a great service to the die-hard fans who deserved a good, strong ending that doesn't leave us hanging. The devoted fans who have followed from the beginning are proud of this show and the writers and directors and actors who gave so much entertainment to our Monday nights (and Friday night toward the end). Thank you Prisonbreak!!!
B000WMEAKC|5.0|Bought this album for \\"stop and stare\\" but actually liked the rest of the album more... once I got into it, I really started to dig their musical presence and creativity. Strong rhythms, well written lyrics, and a clear vocal presence captivates even the casual listener. I recomend the album.
B001U9BRNE|5.0|I knew a little about David foster, but had no idea the extent of his talent or influence on so many stars.  Of course it is a two lane highway, and his artist reward him.  In some cases he joins in with the stars, his love of life and music shows.<br /><br />This is with out a doubt the best of the best.  It was like being in the front row of a Vegas or Broadway show.  Just a short introduction for each guest and a few words about how they all got where they are.  Perfect.<br /><br />The stars and hits just keep coming.  This is worth the buy at triple the price, and I highly recommend buying and enjoying this DVD.
0670020478|5.0|There are only a few books that have inspired me as much as this book. I sent it to at least 20 people. I read it in 2 days and have gone back to it a few times since. I didn't feel like I learned new things by reading it--however-- the way Ken communicates his perspective and articulates anecdotes is, in my opinion, very effective. I could not agree more that we need to change the conversation about the way we support our young people in this country-teaching to standards is not unimportant--but--is it really helping young people to be empowered? To gain critical thinking skills? To learn how to express themselves in healthy, thoughtful ways? I don't think so.     Many of our nation's most disadvantaged youth have never been exposed to the \\"other\\" America outside their neighborhood. In order for them to gain ideas, have hope and see a future for themselves--we(caring adults)--as a country--need to help them discover their gifts. We need to expose them to ideas and encourage them to think outside the box to solve problems in their communities. We need to help them understand why what they are learning in school is relevant. The Element is a fine starting point for that conversation. I think every person who has young people in their life should read this book- parents, teachers, program youth workers and administrators. The business community also has so many opportunities to foster creativity in young people--as these kids are their future workforce, future consumer and future vendor. This is a book that anyone will benefit from reading--then they need to get \\"creative\\" on how we tackle the problem. Let's give young people the support and opportunities they need to get into their ELEMENT. Well done, Ken, well done.
1416550542|3.0|This story does a great job of weaving in and out of the present, past and an even deeper past. The mystery unwinds at just the right pace, keeping the reader interested and invested in the characters' happiness. A little girl who is seemingly adandoned on a ship headed for Australia only discovers this after growing up with her adopted family. This reality changes her emotionally and she finds it difficult to connect with anyone, not even her husband or her wild daughter. She searches for truth in the country of her birth, England and comes back to raise her grandduaghter who ultimately searches for her grandmother's truth as well. After the main character dies, the grandaughter inherits an English cottage. While investigating the cottage in England, she solves the family mystery while meeting new friends and finding unexpected romance.
B000E1ZBFY|5.0|This is a must see movie for anyone interested in the subject.  It gives an insight to Karol Woytila as no one could have known before. His life was fraught with sorrows, perils and dangers. He saw the worst of human behavior,yet still kept his sanity and improtantly, his faith. An inspiring life.
B001NERPHS|3.0|OK, I suppose this 1975 release was necessary, given the historical importance of the sessions and Dylan's reluctance to release them. Apparently, however, there was some re-recording done by Robertson and others to \\"clean up\\" the originals, plus the Band-only songs are mostly from totally different, much later sessions. Of course, being too much of a purist here is counterproductive anyway, as many of the songs most identified with the basement were actually recorded elsewhere, at places like the \\"red room\\" at Dylan's house.           Some of the best moments in the \\"basement\\" were incomplete versions of songs, and these are always ignored here in favor of more complete, though sometimes inferior, versions (\\"Too Much Of Nothing\\" & \\"Nothing Was Delivered\\" come to mind). And then, of course, there are \\"I'm Not There\\", \\"Sign On The Cross\\" and others that are completely absent. Not to mention, of course, some really fun stuff like \\"...Allen Ginsberg\\" & \\"The Spanish Song\\" that not only show how much fun everybody was having, but also the volume of substances they were consuming.           Even some of the better versions that were used here don't have the impact of the original, pre-\\"cooked\\" versions. \\"Goin' To Acapulco\\" virtually jumps out of the speakers at you in Garth Hudson's original mix, for example, where this official release version sounds relatively limp by comparison.          So, by all means, purchase this if you are looking for an easily obtainable sampling of what went on in that basement (and elsewhere) 42 years ago. If, however, you are a serious Dylan listener, or a student of modern popular music, then you must hear the complete sessions that are available only on \\"unofficial\\" releases. \\"The Genuine Basement Tapes\\" was the standard for many years, but is of inconsistent quality despite its completeness. I recently obtained the newer version, \\"A Tree With Roots\\", and I'm still looking for my socks, which were knocked off in the first few minutes of listening. If you really want to hear the Basement Tapes, you must find and listen to this.
1594481717|5.0|I must say that I loved this book. It is an easy read that discusses some very interesting ideas and concepts on left/right brain thinking, and why the author thinks right-brain thinkers will rule the world.    The first part of the book is essentially talking about the left/right brain model, according to which each side of the brain is responsible for different kind of functions: the left side for more rational, analytic, logical, sequential kind of thinking, while the right side is involved in more holistic, non-sequential, artistic, contextual, big-picture kind of thinking.  Then it goes into discussing the current, dying era, the Information Age, how it is dominated by knowledge workers, and how Abundance, Asia, and Automation will bring it to and end and make room for the new era, the Conceptual Age, dominated by creators and empathizers.    The second part talks in details about the six senses that a right-directed thinker must master to be successful in this new upcoming Conceptual Age: design, story, symphony, empathy, play and meaning. Moreover, the author argues that anyone can master these 6 senses, and provides for each one of them a nice portfolio with very concrete ideas that one can use to develop that particular sense.    One thing that I liked in particular was that it puts everything in a larger context and looks at the big picture (r-thinking :) - I love the stories about John Henry and Garry Kasparov as a symbols of dying eras. Also, in the second part, while discussing each of the six sense, there is a portfolio with very concrete resources to help one master each one of these six senses.     Regardless, whether you buy in into this right/left model or not, one thing is for sure, that is, that there are people that exhibit more right or left tendencies in their thinking. With this in mind, for the right-brain thinkers in particular, it is totally worth thinking about the fact that the times are changing, that there is another side out there, and that the status quo with respect to what's valued seems to be changing.
B001IAOEXU|4.0|They are great if you play a lot of racing games where you have to constantly have your finger on the gas. The curved shape helps keep your fingers in place. They kind of get in the way for other games though because they stick out just a little bit but that's only my personal opinion. Overall good accessory and I recommend for racing games.
B001U0HBQ0|3.0|\\"The Curious Case of Benjamin Button\\" is a gimmick movie that reminded me of \\"Forrest Gump.\\" We knew that Forrest was kind of slow in that movie, but why does Benjamin seem so dense in this one? Just because he's growing young backwards doesn't mean that he has to be slow-witted which he seems to be as played by Brad Pitt. In reaction shots he seems to a have a vacant, vacated look.<br />The World War II naval combat footage was very well done. I was particularly struck by the New Orleans setting and the approach of Hurricane Katrina because I, too, lived through that storm and have sad personal memories. At one point as Benjamin, a dwarfish old man, struggling up the steps reminded me of Jose Ferrar as Toulouse-Lautrec in \\"Moulin Rouge.\\"<br />The old lady lying in bed, Daisy played by Cate Blanchett, is listening to her daughter's reading of Benjamin's journal, and she is reliving her past with Benjamin as the hurricane nears.<br />The nursing home scenes and Button's relationship to his adoptive mother Queenie struck me as poignant.<br />To me it was not one of Pitt's best performances. The special computerized effects in which technicians were able to age his face and features were remarkable.<br />The reverse aging device, adapted from an F. Scott Fitzgerald story, wasn't enough to draw me into the story even though individual sections of the film were outstanding.
B000B8IA2G|5.0|I loved it. Stargate Atlantis is brilliant and humorous. Very entertaining and the best Sci-Fi show in my opinion.
0307408833|1.0|I have tried the banana bread which had to bake 30 additional minutes.  I also tried the lemon poppyseed tea cake.  It was a total disaster.  It to had to bake 20 extra minutes to pass the toothpick test.  After cooling it fell in the middle and after being cut it is a glob of  oily heavy mess.  Had to go in the trash.  I feel I'm experienced in the kitchen, baking for 40 years!.  I won't waste anymore supplies to this book.
B001TH16DI|5.0|I certainly agree with the lastest reviews on this page; the set is better than I expected given the harshness of the first wave of reviewers and the nitpicking from the videophiles. Glass half full: thank goodness we have blueray and this set-those who dont like this set can go back to their vhs tapes and standard dvds but I for one am perfectly happy with it
0307237702|5.0|I boiught this book and it was delivered within 4 days.  I could not believe it came so fast, and the quality of the book was new, I was told it was a used book but it was better than bookstore quality.  Thank you for the book.
0684857219|2.0|Yes, it is true this is very comprehensive, it is.      But a lot of the info is out dated or just plain wrong, for example when mentioning lactic acid or when championing stretching before starting your workout; static stretching will cool your muscles and relax them (that is weaken them) what you need is warm muscles, ready to work...this is one of many errors found here.    If you are or are trying to be a bodybuilder, there is some good info here, I guess.    I myself, have decided that trying to induce extra size to my muscles without true strength is a waste of time.    An excerpt from another review I wrote, to drive towards the point that I am trying to make:    \\"In reality, all you really NEED is the main exercises, the compound ones, like squat, deadlift, press, bench press, clean, and anything else that assist those exercises like rows, pull-ups, dips, etc.     And I have NOT found a book to teach you this fundamental exercises and to guide you towards doing some real work, better than 'Starting Strength: Basic Barbell Training by Mark Rippetoe and Lon Kilgore'.     Get it and learn the fundamentals, after that you can do whatever you want, but at least get your foundation in order.\\"    If you do not care about strength and all you want is pumped arms with no real practical strength, fine i can see that WANT...just do not get this \\"New Encyclopedia of BB...\\" there are better books out here.  Might as well subscribe to a magazine, etc.
0930289234|5.0|I ordered this item from Amazon.com brand new and payed less then I would have if I had bought it in store with the shipping and handling included!
0786939532|5.0|This was my first Salvatore book and I must say that I was utterly impressed! Other than Harry Potter, I have read very little fantasy, but I can already tell that I'm hooked on this series. Salvatore's prose is no-fluff, nonstop action from cover to cover. I found HOMELAND so exciting, I read it in only two sittings! Already, I've grown attached to the characters and can't wait to finish the next book. An \\"A+\\" for Salvatore, a master fantasy author indeed!
076790592X|5.0|This is a short, simply written book. That being said, it still manages to pack a powerful message. Morrie's words are truly words to live by and I feel like the world would be a better place if more people felt the way Morrie did about life. He was an amazing man and I'm glad someone was able to share his story. This book is the definition of inspirational.
B001GXR1GG|1.0|I'm referring to this version: [[ASIN:B000X249G6 The General Theory of Employment, Interest and Money]]<br /><br />It's useless on a Kindle because it has no clickable table of contents.
0553381687|5.0|An absolutely fantastic book! I cannot wait to read the next one! This book has everything - adventure, betrayal (lots and lots of betrayal), romance, and the characterization is excellent! I didn't feel like this book read like fantasy either. Aside from talk of dragons and The Others, it felt more like I was reading historical fiction. My favorite thing about the book is the way that each chapter is told from the viewpoint of a different character. It gave so much more insight into the characters and their way of thinking. Characterization is a very important part of a book for me. Also, no matter what I thought was coming, I was surprised! Sometimes, not pleasantly. It appears that Mr. Martin doesn't have a problem with letting you get attached to a character and then killing them off. That's okay though. It made for a very interesting read.
B000H6SXMY|4.0|Got the product in a timely fashion. Box was a bit scuffed and torn on one corner, but discs were in good condition.
0307387151|3.0|Atonement is the story of a young girl's lie and how that lie dramatically changes the lives of everyone around her.    I've been going back and forth with what rating to give this book. I've finally settled on three out of five stars. The book started off pretty slow for me, but it didn't stay that way long. I had a little trouble liking most of the characters. Honestly, the only character I truly felt for and liked was Robbie. That's not to say that the rest weren't well developed. They most certainly were. I just didn't like them. The author's description of the war scenes were amazing. I could picture everything vividly. As for the \\"surprise twist\\", I didn't find it much of a surprise, but it didn't hurt the story. Overall, a pretty good book. I just wish it had moved a little faster.
B00005JLD4|4.0|In the 1930's Australia where the white-man's law and world outlook is the truth, we find the story of these three little girls. In a time where aborigine life was considered a little more than a political and state matter to be resolved, it was government policy to remove \\"half breeds\\" (white fathers/aborigine mothers) to remote settlements where under strict government supervision they could become \\"white\\", at least in customs and manners, always with the underlying theme that they were not white, but needed to behave like one to be real persons, their original \\"neo-lithic\\"mindset was carefully altered to confirm to the needs of the white majority.<br /><br />Molly, the oldest and the leader of the group, is calmly independent and takes into her to get the other two children back home, the movie then centers mainly on the long trek north along the \\"rabbit proof\\" fence and the  chase of the government and the \\"tracker\\" an aborigine who is famous for not having now one escape him.<br /><br />The acting by the tree girls is superb, with a touch of reality that is chilling, as you see these girls walk more than a thousand miles trough the Australian outback.  Kenneth Branagh is outstanding as the government bureaucrat in charge of the Aborigine department, whose main task in life and his mission seems to be to \\"take care\\" of his children *the aborigines* and save them by making them white.<br /><br />A lesson on how far we can get in life with innocence and love... Superb!
0060853972|4.0|A very humorous, intelligently written story of The Apocalypse. I would have given it five stars, but it just seemed to take me a bit too long to get into it. I was expecting it to grab me right away with all the great reviews, but it took a little while. Anyway, this is the story of the quickly approaching end of the world. Crowley, a demon, and Aziraphale, an angel, have been on Earth for centuries just waiting for this. When the time comes, however, they discover that they rather like living on Earth and would hate to see The Apocalypse come and end it. So, they start working together in hopes of saving the Earth.
B001BTG3OQ|2.0|It's a great flash with great features. Too bad it overheats in less than 10 pictures when shooting in dimly lit areas. Outdoors, in TTL BL mode where the flash is providing just a little fill light, it doesn't seem to overheat.    This is a SERIOUS problem, and the eeprom update Nikon provided to fix the problem update won't work with my camera (D80), so I'm SOL.     Bad......very bad.
0060765488|5.0|This book is a true children's classic. I thought it was much better than The Magician's Nephew. One of the things I enjoyed about this book was the very Tolkien like feel it had (although definitely aimed at a much younger audience). I really thought I'd be turned off by all of the Christian symbolism (and this does seem to me to be a biblical allegory), but I wasn't. I felt it was a great, well told story with some wonderful underlying messages.
1439102813|5.0|Still Alice tells the story of a 50-ish Harvard professor's struggles with early-onset Alzheimer's disease.  The reader witnesses her decline: from more frequent moments of forgetfulness to bad days with still some good days and finally the late stages, in which Alice rarely recognizes the people in her life.  Although Still Alice is a very sad story in many ways, Genova tells it with humor, compassion, and warmth.<br /><br />Still Alice is a quick and very engrossing read.  It personalizes the sad decline an Alzheimer's patient endures, and at the same time reminds us of how precious our thoughts and memories are.
044022425X|5.0|I must admit that I'm hooked on this series! I can't seem to get enough of Jamie and Claire. I felt like this book was an improvement over the last one and I'm glad. I think I can say with a fair amount of confidence that this is my favorite series ever now. That says a lot because Lord of the Rings and the Dark Tower series have kind of tied for that spot for a lot of years. I have the fifth book in the series sitting on the shelf waiting for me and I'm going to try and get my hands on the sixth book soon. I hope the series continues to be this good!
B001PPLIFU|3.0|There are a lot of reviews on this movie, so many of you will probably not read down to this review. But I felt like I had to make a comment about the audio. Even though the case might seem to indicate English Dolby Digital there is no track for English Dolby Digital. The English track is only in DTS Master. If you have an older receiver as I do, that only has Dolby Digital, you will not get the full effect of the Digital Hi Def sound. It is some what of a disappointment, because the movie industry has standardization for audio on current movies released on DVD, which should probably also include Blu Ray releases, to be Dolby Digital. The sad part is that with the amount of storage available on Blu Ray, they should have made the default audio track Dolby Digital and an optional audio track for the DTS. I now get to go backwards in time and listen to the audio in Dolby Pro Logic.
0312383320|4.0|First off, let me say that I was very disappointed with Plum Lucky, the last between-the-numbers book in this series. Fortunately, Evanovich is back on her game with this one. This book had the magical/paranormal element that the between-the-numbers books are known for and of course, Diesel is back. Not only do we have Diesel, but we are introduced to his cousin, Wulf. Wulf is a very interesting character and I would like to see more of him in future books. This one definitely had it's laugh out loud moments, which I loved. Morelli and Ranger both made their appearances, but they didn't play very large roles in this one. That's okay because Diesel made up for it. The parts of the story concerning Lula and Tank were great. I can't wait to see what happens there. Overall, a very fun read in the series.
B0000CDL93|5.0|Before I watched this film for the first time in 2003, I regarded the JFK assassination as a mere detail of history - a President killed by a gunman out to extinguish the imagined villain of his own personal tormented mind. Boy, was I wrong! Watching JFK opened a whole new window for me and I walked away with more questions than answers on the assassination. You may certainly challenge the conclusions of this movie (or rather Jim Garrison) but you cannot deny the many holes it punches into the official line. In my personal view the circumstantial evidence does suggest conspiracy at a high level bordering on treason. My readings post viewing JFK have led me to believe (like many others) that JFK was martyred because of his refusal to toe the line of the covert empire builders (the military industrial complex or whatchamacallit). The assassination was an inflection point in history and as we look at the subsequent fate of the world it is hard not to ask the question of what might have been had JFK survived. Do watch this movie for its sheer epic scale, great direction, and the questions it raises. It is a great piece of cinema even if you have issues with the politics of Oliver Stone.
0525457585|4.0|This is the story of ten year old Bastian. Bastian's mother died, his father is grieving and not paying him any attention, and he gets bullied all the time by kids at school. Bastian uses reading and making up stories as an escape from his life. One day, running from bullies from school, Bastian finds himself hiding in a bookstore. There he discovers a book called \\"The Neverending Story\\" that transports him to another world literally. Bastian finds that in this new world he is able to be the person he always imagined himself being. But, is that the person he really wants to be?     I have loved the movie version of this book since I was a kid, so needless to say I was looking forward to reading it. The book was great! I was quite surprised to find out the movie only covered the first half of the book though. After that, the story was all new to me! I thought it was neat that my copy of the book is written in red when the story is taking place in the human world and in blue when the story is taking place in Fantastica. The story actually became quite a bit darker in the second half and the movie would never lead you to believe that. I did start losing interest in the last few chapters, but all in all, it was a pretty good read.
B000UNYPNA|4.0|I never thought I'd say this.. but this album could benefit from some metal growl in places.  Some of the songs work incredibly well with the ethereal vocals (parts of Les Iris, Sur L'autre, and numerous soaring female(?) vocal sections are truly brilliant).  However, other songs build a chilling atmosphere with harsh and beautiful instrumentals, but then are obtusely thrust into fluffy emo territory by the vocals, too much so for this listener to reconcile.  At its worst, this comes off as an unwillingness to commit to the sonic palatte they chose, or perhaps an attempt to water down the black metal canon they borrow from.    Metal heads (I should state I am not one myself) would be well served to pre-listen to this album before plunging in based on the other glowing reviews.  Lest you find yourself halfway stoked and halfway dissatisfied, which can be a very frustrating predicament.
0679731725|3.0|I think the book was beautifully written, but I found the story itself rather boring. I kept losing focus and wanting to read something else. I was hoping the book would redeem itself for me toward the end, but unfortunately, that never happened.
6305327041|5.0|This is an awesome movie! Watch it, then watch it again!  And again...and again...
0060012358|5.0|The Amazing Maurice and His Educated Rodents is a very witty version of The Pied Piper. Maurice, a talking cat, his stupid looking kid (that's what Maurice refers to him as), and a group of very smart talking rats with names such as Dangerous Beans, Sardines, and Hamnpork, go into towns and trick them into thinking they have a rat infestation. Once the town believes this, Keith (Maurice's stupid looking kid), comes forth as a rat piper and gets money to draw the rats out of town. When they come into the town of Bad Blintz, they quickly realize this town isn't like the others. Something fishy is going on and they're determined to find out what it is.    This was my first Discworld book by Pratchett. I thought starting out with the children's book in the series would be the best introduction for me. I think it was the right thing for me to do. Pratchett is a really good writer and he is very funny. I was surprised at some of the issues brought up in a funny book about rats. I look forward to continuing the series with the books aimed at adults.
B0007M22TI|4.0|The DVD is very good.  It is interesting to see the different performers - We had just seen the traveling show.  The quality of the DVD is excellent audio & video are very 'strong', creating much of the theater effect.  I am also pleased with Amazon's detailed & accuract service - Thanks!
0061139378|5.0|Coraline discovers a locked door in her home that appears to open only to a brick wall. Turns out that sometimes there's more behind that door than just a brick wall!    I just discovered Neil Gaiman this year and I must say I am now a fan! Coraline is an excellent book! It's quite creepy and scary, so I'd be careful about letting kids prone to nightmares read it. That being said, I think this would be a fantastic book to read with the kids around Halloween. This is a five star read for sure!
B0019LY5IM|3.0|I fully admit good tv is good tv, but it's just to unrealistic to have people who fought so hard to make it off an island to go back to that island under their own free will..once you get past that though Lost always delivers.
159448385X|5.0|I cannot believe I waited this long to read this book! I've heard people say that Hosseini is an amazing storyteller and now I believe it. Several times I had to put the book down and just cry. It's so hard to believe that women really have to live like that in some parts of the world and reading books like this make me realize how much I take for granted in my daily life. I thought this was a beautifully written, sometimes heartwrenching story of an unlikely friendship forged between two women that really had been dealt a bad hand at life. It was at the same time a story of love, and war, and oppression. Highly recommended.
0440237688|5.0|i read this book for the first time when i was 7th or 8th grade, for school and found myself thinking about it later and reading it again as a college student, for fun. it is a wonderful book
0440237688|5.0|At 12 years old, kids in the community, a \\"perfect\\" society free from pain, suffering, emotion, color, etc., are given their assignments to train for the jobs they will have for the rest of their lives. Jonas gets a special \\"honor\\" rather than an assignment. He is to be trained to hold all the memories from all time for the community and he soon learns just what the community members have had to sacrifice to live this \\"perfect\\" life.    I can see this book staying with me for a long time. It was not only an excellent story, but it gives you a lot of things to think about. I think Lois Lowry did a great job writing this book in a way that the target age group can understand the issues brought about. I would have liked to know a little more at the end, but it was a great read nonetheless.
B0002LMLSQ|5.0|Words cannot adequately describe the beauty I discovered upon listening to Una Mattina, by Italian composer and pianist Ludovico Einaudi. Ancora, the last piece on the album astounds me each time I listen to it. It reaches to the soul. I can't believe such beauty can exist in the world. Ludovico is a genius of high degree. I recommend this to all who appreciate beautiful music, especially the piano. Ludovico Einaudi is, in my opinion, the greatest music artist/composer on earth. You won't be disappointed if you buy his works.
0553260111|4.0|I thought this was a really good book. It had lots of action and adventure. I went into it expecting something different though. I guess it's because I saw the movie years ago and loved it, but the book was very different. The movie and the book had the same premise, a man is found floating in the water and wakes up unable to remember who he is or anything about his past, but from there on, totally different stories. The book was set in the 70's so there wasn't any high tech gadgetry, etc. like in the movie. Overall, a really good read, but don't be surprised if you've seen the movie and find the two are very different.
0670018651|5.0|If I were teaching a course on writing, I would use this book. Luca Turin produces some of the most inventive, joyous prose I've read in years. When I read the book I have to laugh out loud. Bravo!
1905654294|4.0|This book definitely had a different feel to it than the other three in the series. Meyer was able to tie up all the loose ends and give us an ending, which I am grateful for. I don't like to be left hanging. There were a few surprises along the way too. While this book was not my favorite of the series, I did enjoy it overall and could not stop reading. For me, that's what makes a book good. I'm not one to sit and complain and nit pick at a story for not being perfect if it's good enough to keep me up way into the early hours of the morning.
B001U0HBPG|1.0|There honestly needs to be an option for zero stars. This movie is flat out terrible.    The movie looked odd to me from the beginning. But I started reading a recap of it on IMDb and it intrigued me. I got about two paragraphs into a full recap (barely getting into any anything about Benjamin) before deciding that the movie looked really interesting and that I wanted to see it.    So I rented the movie Friday night.    It's nearly a three hour movie. With a movie that long, a slow start can't be afforded, but I got an hour into the movie before becoming so bored that I had to give up. The movie was just so dull and boring, going nowhere, which is a shame, because it was such an interesting premise for a movie (aging backwards) yet the movie fails so miserably by never going anywhere.    Why this movie is so hyped, I'll never understand.
0060558121|5.0|Neil Gaiman is absolutely brilliant! This is only the second book I've read by him, the first being Good Omens by Gaiman and Terry Pratchett. Good Omens didn't even come close to being as good as this book. Basically, the old gods from every pantheon immigrated to the United States following the people that worshipped them. As people started losing faith in these gods, the gods started becoming weaker and eventually had to start living like humans and getting jobs, etc. The old gods start feeling threatened by the new gods (the media, computers, cars, etc.) and a big battle starts brewing. I thought this was an amazing book and I look forward to reading more by Gaiman.
B00151QYU8|5.0|The UMD medium is not capable of including many title menu options, so I won't consider the lack of special features as a drawback.  The PSP's screen format did not sacrifice the quality of the film in the slightest.  The movie itself . . . well what can I say . . . it's Dogma.  Two fallen angels seek a way back into Heaven.  And it seems that dogmatic law has allowed them a loophole in divine decree.  If they aren't stopped, the consequences could be dire.  And it's a comedy.
0439813786|5.0|This book is completely deserving of the Caldecott Medal it received! Some parts of the story are literally told with illustrations only and they are fantastic! Several of the illustrations held my attention for quite a time. The illustrations aren't the only great part of the book though. The story is interesting as well. Part juvenile fiction, part graphic novel. The combination is genius!
B001CQONKY|4.0|[[ASIN:B001CQONKY CSI: Crime Scene Investigation - The Eighth Season]]  This season was cut short due to the strike from the writers guild (17 episodes where previous seasons had 24 or more) but it also contained most of my own personal favorite, or key, episodes.  The season ending cliff hanger, \\"For Gedda\\", which had Warrick Brown shot in his car in the final seconds. Sara's final episode, \\"Goodbye and Good Luck\\", is also during this season series. The \\"thought experiment\\" episode, \\"You Kill Me\\" brought some humor element and \\"A La Cart\\" was the referenced episode for the Grissom phone call cameo in season 9 episode.
0061120081|5.0|This book is truly deserving of it's classic status. It was so well written and easy to read. The themes addressed were so important to the time when it was written. The characters were loveable and you get to feel like you know them. I can very easily see why this book was voted as the best book of the century by the ALA. I'm just sorry it took me so long to get around to reading it! Definitely a five star read!
B000Q67876|5.0|I won't go into a long review. 'The Shawshank Redemption' is in my opinion one of the best movies ever. My wife and I own the DVD, plan to purchase the Blue-ray version, and if we are surfing channels on Direct TV and we come across this movie we will watch it. It doesn't matter if we catch it from the beginning, or somewhere in the middle. Just a perfect movie.
B001PPF12Q|1.0|The back of this 2cd packaged on the so called collectors edition states \\"This compilation 2009\\". NEVER have I purchased a CD with a more modern date than the original release that was NOT remastered...until now.<br />Total fraud. No where does the year 1997 appear on the back or front for that matter. The Barnes & Noble store could not even find out via their webiste whether or not it had been remastered. Wishful thinking had me shelling out over 20 bucks. Should have checked here first. I want my money back.  Bottom line... EMI-Capitol and I suppose even the band shoule be ashamed. Remastering techniques have come a LONG way even since 2002 and especially since 1997. I have second edition remasters and YES they generally sound much better than the last.  INX,Tears for Fears..The Smiths and so on and so on.  What I think this boils down to is the lost appreciation for true hi fidelity sonics in the age of MP3.
031606792X|5.0|This final book is written a little different than the other two, as it has a section from Jacob's point of view.  However, it is an excellent book and has the best ending ever.  I am so in love with the Twilight Saga, as I have read all four books multiple times.  JUST GREAT!
0439023483|5.0|I thought this book was very well written and held my attention right up to the end.  It was believable, the characters were interesting and easy to like, and I was excited to find out the story will continue in a another book coming out soon.
B001PPGAJY|5.0|Three years after the enormous success of \\"X-Men\\", 20th Century Fox released \\"X2: X-Men United\\". The sequel reunited most of the original film's cast along with director Bryan Singer. Where \\"X-Men\\" introduced us to the world of these warring mutants, \\"X2: X-Men United\\" blew that world wide open, and delivered to audiences a sequel easily superior to its predecessor.    \\"X2: X-Men United\\" basically picks up where \\"X-Men\\" left off, Wolverine is still searching for some hint as to who he really is, Magneto is locked away, while Professor Xavier and the rest of the X-Men are trying to ensure peace between humans and mutants while maintaining a low profile. Meanwhile, secretly waging a personal war upon all mutants is a renegade Colonel named Stryker (Brian Cox), who is determined to see all mutants dead or dying, and if some normal people get in the way, so be it. To stop this madman and his powerful forces, the X-Men must stand together, alongside their sworn enemies if necessary, or else mutantkind's days are numbered.    \\"X2: X-Men United\\" provided moviegoers with everything that was great about the original film, plus so much more. Boasting even more action, a story on a much grander scale, more impressive special effects, and not to mention more mutants, there was no doubt in my mind that \\"X2\\" would have what it takes to soar to even greater heights than its predecessor.    Written by screenwriters Michael Dougherty, Dan Harris, and David Hayter (\\"X-Men\\") the story for this sequel continued many of the threads left dangling at the conclusion of the first film, while going off in an all-new and exciting direction (especially for fans of the comic books) for some of the characters. The first film spent much of its time focusing on Wolverine's decision on whether or not to side with the X-Men against the villainous Magneto, in this film the focus still remains somewhat on Wolverine; however for this film to succeed the scope had to be increased, and \\"X2\\" never fails to meet that requirement. This time the story delves deeper into the relationships that comprise the team, and introduces some rather intense moments and new challenges for the characters to deal with. Within these challenges and the understandably heightened drama, one can definitely take note of the fact that the stakes were much higher in this installment and the decisions and actions being taken were going to have some very far reaching consequences for all involved.    The original film was a surprising movie for many people because of the amount of time spent within the story developing the characters, something that had generally been unheard of in many comic book adaptations. \\"X2\\" took the already established characters and dug even deeper (as I stated a moment ago), while at the same time introducing us to a couple of new main characters. I was surprised by the fact that in a two hour movie, the writers found enough time to continue exploring the already established characters left over from the initial film (of which there are several), while still managing to give us new characters to enjoy without skimping on their development as well    I found it fascinating how the inclusion of someone as bitter and bigoted as Colonel Stryker (Brian Cox) for the film's primary villain worked as well as it did. His character if handled improperly could have ended up being just a militarized version of the Senator Kelly character from the original film; instead, he was a multi-layered character that didn't just hate mutants because of what they could do or the fact that they were different. No, his reasons were much more complicated, and it was because of how richly developed his character was that he was such an interesting and without a doubt fearsome foe for the mutants. Brian Cox as an actor always delivers great performances in every film he appears in, and whether they are large or small roles, his character is always memorable (\\"The Bourne Supremacy\\" is an exampleof a larger role or \\"Braveheart\\" for a smaller example). As Stryker, Brian plays him as a patriot who only wants to eliminate the mutant problem for the sake of national security, but at the same time subtly conveys the sinister nature inherent in his crusade for what is essentially a mutant genocide without ever going over-the-top or venturing into your prototypical villain territory.    The other new character was the teleporting mutant known as Nightcrawler (Alan Cumming). While I've never been all that fond of the character in the comics, I must say that this film managed to make him a really intriguing, complex character and not to mention make teleporting one cool power to have (this had more to do with the incredible work of the visual effects team than anything else). In the comics Nightcrawler never seemed all that useful other than getting the team into a room that they couldn't bust into as easily, but this film actually made him a useful addition to the team, and even a mutant that could be feared if provoked into action. As far as Alan's portrayal of the character I would have to say that he did a great job with the role, and gave the character the perfect balance of self-doubt, faith, and quirkiness that allowed for such a strange creature to seem so real to the audience.    The rest of the cast for \\"X2: X-Men United\\" (meaning those reprising their roles from the first film) gave strong performances with only a minor gripe here or there, and some even improved upon what they had done prior. Hugh Jackman as Wolverine had already given the definitive performance as the character, but in this film he takes it even further by getting to explore some new territory with the hero. For instance we finally get to see what Wolverine can really do when allowed to cut loose (which made for an incredibly entertaining action sequence), also some new revelations about his past prompts him to doubt the kind of man he was prior to the hero he has become and to wonderif he really wants to know the secret behind his past.    For Shawn Ashmore, his character of Bobby Drake/Iceman was given so much more to do this time around. Before he was used as nothing more than the nice boy at school for Rogue to identify with; however, in this film he has become her boyfriend and is beginning to find his way on the path to becoming a future X-Man. If I had one minor complaint about Shawn's performance it would be the fact that sometimes Bobby comes off as being a little too timid and insecure. Granted those attributes would be due to the writers, which of course took their cue from the comics to an extent, regardless the character at times appears too weak that you almost wonder what Rogue sees in him.    Unfortunately in a film packed with this many characters some get put on the backburner and aren't given the screen time their character deserves. This would be the case for the mutant known as Cyclops (James Marsden). In the original film, Cyclops was given several key moments to shine as one of the integral members of the team; however, in this installment he is relegated to a handful of scenes. It's a shame that a character as fun as Cyclops can be, and with as rich of a history as he has in the comics that the writers didn't choose to do more with him. I guess sometimes the story just doesn't work as well with some characters as it does with others. Even with the truncated role, James Marsden still brings the character to life in a manner perfectly befitting his comic book counterpart.    Lastly, director Bryan Singer (\\"X-Men\\" and \\"Superman Returns\\") deserves mentioning as his hard work allowed for this film series to raise the bar in terms of what comic book movies should aspire to. With \\"X-Men\\" and especially with \\"X2\\" he proved that audiences want more than just visual effects extravaganzas and big fight sequences, they desire a story that sucks them in and remains grounded in a reality similar to our own, along with fully developed characters that they can invest in and relate to.    \\"X2: X-Men United\\" was an excellent movie and comic book adaptation rolled up in one. While \\"X-Men\\" was a really good movie, this one blows it out of the water with great ease. Granted there are a few minor complaints about some character treatment, but by and large everything in this adaptation worked brilliantly. Just like \\"The Dark Knight\\", \\"X2: X-Men United\\" is a comic book sequel that transcends the stigma of being just another run-of-the-mill comic book movie and stands proud as one of the best ever made.    \\"X2: X-Men United\\" is rated PG-13 for violence, language, and mild sexuality.
B00127RAJY|3.0|I did this workout, which I work out quite often 5 hours a week, and 20 min of this had me dripping sweat on beginner level.  It was intense and I thought I was in good shape.  I'm 36 and notice that on level 2 doing the plank jumping jacks made my ankles sore.  I definitely have a good work out doing it but feel it later too.
B000009HF2|3.0|The albums not even live? What the heck? all the tracks on here were recorded in the studio and then they ADDED crowd noises and clips from other shows. What A RIP OFF!, i mean even the musics just OK the only worhtwile songs on here are Do You Feel Like We Do and Show Me The WAy
B001IFZL50|5.0|This is a great portrayal of Soldiers (sorry marines but when if comes to it ground warriors are the same).  It is a very good show but have a poor portrayal of officers and senior NCO's.  There are a few 'would follow to the gates of hell' leaders but the rest are glory hunters (the Battalion Commander) or incompetent (CPT America, the B Company Commander).  However, this show truely captures the nuances and idiosyncracies of Soldiers who engage in ground combat.  A very good show but don't comfuse the actions of the leaders, they have been hollywoodized.  Not saying they aren't out there but not in this preponderance.
031606792X|5.0|I read all 750+ pages in 3 days (and I work and have 3 children so this was in limited time)!!  This book was very well-written and there was a surprise around every corner.  I literally could NOT put it down!  You must read Twilight, New Moon and Eclipse first to trule appreciate this book.  If there were the possibility to give more than 5 stars, I would.  VERY highly recommended for anyone!
0807014273|5.0|This is one of the best book that I've ever read. It changed my life in many ways. Viktor Frankl did an extraordinarily job that influences many people's lives. He deserves all respect for his job.
B001P9KR8U|4.0|Unfortunately this otherwise wonderful film was partially ruined by the bizarre credit sequence. ** Minor spoiler follows ** I was thoroughly engrossed by the story, feeling all warm and fuzzy as it ended, and then BAM!! here comes this staged dance number, with the two main characters now completely OUT of character! Imagine watching, say, Gladiator, and just as this near-perfect movie has wound to its near-perfect conclusion, you're greeted with Russell Crowe -- not Maximus, but Russell Crowe the actor -- cracking a few jokes about the fun they had on the set. That's about how this felt.    Please, directors, resist the urge to do stuff like this. If you abslutely must, at least put it in the DVD extras, not in the audience's afterglow time.    Otherwise, though, a very nice film (for viewers who aren't too sensitive to violence). Just close your eyes as soon as the credits start to roll.
B00168HARG|5.0|Boy, am I embarrassed.  I originally only watched the first half of the pilot and a little of the later season one episodes before I panned this show as \\"Robo210\\".  Cough...cough.  I was horribly unfair.  This thing's got depth, nuance, smarts, and a big helping of heart & soul.  I watched every episode of Season 2 as it was airing, and must say I'm floored.<br /><br />In about 30 hours, Fox Television Network will officially announce whether Terminator - The Sarah Connor Chronicles gets picked up for a third season.  After having purchased the first season and being utterly consumed by it now, all I can say is Fox executives will need their heads examined if they cancel this.<br /><br />I've got one friend working on Dollhouse.  I have another who worked on the first few episodes of Glee.  I'd gladly trade a hundred Dollhouses, Glees, and Prison Breaks for at least one more season of Terminator.  There's certainly precedent for Fox doing stupid things, though.  Hell, they canceled Family Guy early on, even though you had to be lobotomized to not realize it was genius.<br /><br />I'd thought Fox had learned the error of their ways.  After all, they did finally bring Family Guy back, then rewarded the writers with a spin off at least as good: American Dad.  It's not as if this is Twin Peaks, you know, with the murder solved and the plot getting meandering.  I think ABC's cancelation of that show actually caused the last few episodes to finally go somewhere.<br /><br />Terminator has huge oodles of potential left.  I get the sense the writers have more to say.  The characters are just heading up their arcs.  The show feels like something great right in its infancy.  It's a shame they moved it to Friday night in an effort to prop up Dollhouse's ratings, but it's done.  It still doesn't change the fact its DVR ratings were through the roof even in no-man's land.
B001AVEJ1Y|3.0|Well, I saw it last night and I must say it was far more enjoyable than I thought it would be, but is also seemed like a betrayal of the whole Star Trek universe up to this point, and of course I'd spoil it for anyone who didn't know already why I'd say that, and anyone who has seen the movie knows exactly why I'd say that, so I won't say it.<br /><br />(I just wrote one of the longest run-on sentences in a review evah!  I'm keeping it.)<br /><br />So, given that they're blowing up the old universe to reimagine the show, the one part I really didn't like was how Kirk was portrayed.  That is, I really believed I was seeing a young Spock, Scotty, and Uhura, but Kirk (and Chekov) didn't really work for me.  I believe Kirk could have been a \\"bad boy\\" in his youth, but I didn't see a future Kirk in that character in the movie.  Sometimes I thought I was watching a bunch of young Star Trek fans get together and roll play for fun.  (Oh, and the Chekov character was not part of the first season of the original Trek series anyway.)<br /><br />Also, the soundtrack was not memorable to me at all, but at least it wasn't boring or overly pompous and it worked for the film.<br /><br />The one big nitpick I've got is the term \\"Klingon Warbird\\".  This I believe was a mistake that should have been caught.  Romulans made \\"warbirds\\" and Klingons made the \\"bird of prey\\" type ships.  So many people seem to have a hard time keeping that straight, but you'd think this would have been caught by people making a Star Trek movie!<br /><br />Anyway, this movie has action, adventure, fun, laughs, and some character development too.  I suppose if you're a Trek fan, the less seriously you take it the more you'll enjoy it, and if you're not already a Trek fan you may just enjoy it period.
B001MYIXAC|5.0|I love to read vampire stories, especially today's urban fantasy vampire stories.  When I heard about this movie, how intriguing it sounded to me, so I rented it.  The copy that I rented was in English.  This interpretation of the vampire legend is disturbing because of the pre-teens aspect of it.  It makes quite a social comment, that I'm not sure is caught by anyone not an adult.  When I rented it, the clerk said that she had seen it and that it was very \\"strange\\".  I thought at the time, \\"What an odd thing to say about a horror movie\\".  \\"Aren't they all strange?\\" And then I found myself, having watched the movie, thinking about Abu Gharib and the Lord of the Flies movie.  We don't really need our monsters to scare us, just show us the monsters within.
B0021L8UM6|3.0|This was a good art house movie, but let me explain my two frustrations.  First and most importantly, THERE IS NO MALE NUDITY HERE!!!  There is much of the female kind.  Pattinson teases the viewers, but doesn't show the goods.  I guess this movie didn't want to be \\"ghettoized,\\" but in terms of naughty bits, this was the straightest rainbow flag movie I've ever seen.  Second, as beautiful as this period piece was, at one point, two actors are on a balcony and it is so obvious that their view of Madrid was computer-produced.  It reminded me of James Bond in cars where clearly a screen is just showing action behind him.  Many reviewers have said, \\"How will Pattinson's female tween fans feel seeing this?!\\"  First off, it's too arthouse for them and I think they'd get bored and turn it off.  Plus, many in Mall America won't have access to this arthouse film.  I am glad the work was for more direct than \\"Interview with a Vampire,\\" but hopefully the tame kissing won't shock that many.  This is a fascinating tale about bizarre triangles.  It is an interesting twist on homophobes who have bonds with rainbow flag men.  The work tries to bring in a female audience with the role of Margarita and her \\"Object of My Affection\\" vibe.  It may be hard for some to differentiate characters when the three main men are thin, white, black-haired, and the same age.  Boy, have the times changed!  It's hard to think of men that we'd say \\"dress preppy\\" as being radical.  There seemed to be some sex-segregation in the schooling.  In many schools, Dali would face persecution now the way he first appears on screen.  If you love artsy circles, then you'll love this work.  Those who are interested in the Bloomsbury Group, the Beats, etc. will love this artistic exploration.  If you loved \\"Frida\\" or \\"Head in the Clouds,\\" then you should love this.  And to be honest, Pattinson does an amazing job as Dali.    This work was rewarding and disappointing.  I like how it has my mental wheels spinning, but it's no \\"Color Purple\\" in terms of awesomeness.
0525478183|5.0|Paper Towns could be the best book of this decade! Is it perfect? No (but what book is?), yet John Green has created a phenomenal story that mixes romance, adventure, mystery, and humor. All the things that make up a fascinating, page-turning read.    I absolutely loved the characters--with the exception of Margo. Q was a character to whom I could easily relate. He was the typical guy next door--smart, considerate, and strong. His friends, Radar and Ben, added humor to the story. Radar was the cool, closet nerd with a good heart and embarrassing parents. Ben was the hilarious, free-willed friend that every person longs to have. Margo, on the other hand, just had too many issues. I like complicated characters, but Margo seemed to have gone off the deep end. While I understand her motives, her actions and timing remain confusing to me.    The settings and mysterious plot flowed nicely together, as each place in Paper Towns is relevant in its own way. This said, John Green has this magical gift of giving every place and every action a deeper meaning than a reader might expect.    I was anticipating that Paper Towns would be an exceptional story since it was written by John Green, the literary genius. I was not disappointed, in fact, it exceeded my expectations! [...]
0679847367|5.0|Oh, the Places You'll Go! is a perfect graduation gift for those starting out on new adventures.  Everyone loves Dr. Seuss!
1401307787|4.0|This is a good book on the basics of mindfulness and meditation. Its focus is on the importance of being aware of the moment, of attending fully to that which is at hand now. It stresses the importance of simplicity, of choosing those things that are meaningful to us and saying no to those things that are mental clutter. How we live our lives should reflect our priorities and our core values.<br /><br />The book provides the basics to begin meditation. What is most important is that we choose to meditate and devote a part of each day to the practice. There is no one way or body position that is required for successful meditation. What is required is that we choose to practice meditating and prioritize it in our daily lives.<br /><br />Kabat-Zinn suggests that we all ask ourselves what our job is on this planet. What are we here to do, to create, to fulfill? In asking ourselves this question, we provide meaning to our lives and give ourselves a direction, a north star so to speak.<br /><br />As a therapist, I found the book very well-written, easy to follow and laid out in a very readable manner. It is a book I will recommend to my clients should they want a basic book on meditation or self-realization. Other books on this subject that I find helpful are Handbook for Constructive Living (Latitude 20 Book) and Naikan: Gratitude, Grace, and the Japanese Art of Self-Reflection.<br /><br />I think that the most important message in this book is that how we live our lives and what we do every day should be a reflection of our core values and what is most important to us. So often, we go with the flow, do what we think we should do and not give our actions much thought. Kabat-Zinn encourages us to think about what we do and CHOOSE our actions wisely. Being mindful of the moment is important as the moment is what we have. Life is not a dress rehearsal and the author encourages us to focus on the here and now and fully attend to our lives.
B000ICM5MG|5.0|The review by Jeff Shannon should be completely discarded.  Anyone that calls Rocky's trainer \\"Gus\\" should be forced to write a weekly column on gardening tips.  Rocky's trainer's name is Mick and he is phenomenal, this movie is phenomenal.  Do yourself a favor and purchase this timeless, inspirational classic movie and never read anything that Jeff Shannon writes again.
B001B71NOI|3.0|Like probably most fans I downloaded the album for free from nin.com.  Didn't really think too much about it as there weren't very many stand out songs on this album.  But after my friend and I went to see NIN open for Jane's Addiction here in Austin and the fact that the dvd was limited to 250,000 copies I decided to cave in and buy it.  These songs sound to generic and don't really go anywhere so they really don't have the NIN charm.  Some of these songs in my opinion sound too noisy and some just plain boring.  I have heard this album was written and recorded in 3 weeks and it really shows.  The album sounds unfocused and rushed where as his other albums Trent really took his time trying to perfect his work.  The only song I really like on here is 1,000,000 but even that one is not up to NIN standars.  After the masterpiece that was Year Zero I really didn't think Trent could top himself again.  I was even surprised when Year Zero was so great when I didn't think he had it in him to top his first 3 albums Pretty Hate Machine, Broken, and The Downward Spiral.  This cd is really only worth owning for the dvd which contains rehearsal footage of them playing 5 songs on this album.  The dvd is pretty cool but it's nothing I will watch very much since 1,000,000 is the only song I really like.  The show we saw I thought was good until he played stuff from this which I was bored by.  As for my friend, she thought most of the set was boring as she is not a NIN fan.  She was there strictly for Jane's Addiction who were also very good.
B001QWBM62|4.0|I've had this recorder for three weeks and have used it to record my school and Army bands in various live and studio settings.  I've used the auxillary mics (AudioTechnica 2020 - condensor mics) and found the bass response to be a little weak which could be the mics themselves, but the response from the internal mics throughout the spectrum is terrific.  The auxillary mics require a WAV setting.  The compression settings make it impossible to have a distorted recording.  Stay away from anything that does not have a compressor for recordings that could get very loud.<br /><br />AA batteries only have about a 4-6 hour life span, but it's far better than an internal rechargable battery that lasts about a year before needing to be replaced to the tune of $60-$100.  The feel and look of the unit is the best I've seen and easy to run.  The one drawback has been having to go through several screens to delete individual tracks.
0307266303|5.0|There is no confusing the message of this book and it starts with the title.  It is a message of adventure, inspiration, hope, revelation, and living your life unconditionally. If you are a runner, you will want to read this book so slowly, not wanting it to end. And, you will most likely be wanting to head out for a run after each chapter anyway.  If you are a frustrated runner with injuries or a beginning runner, this book gives you HOPE and possibility.  Quite simply, McDougall lays the foundation of how we were all Born to Run and tells you why we \\"should\\" be running.    Most of all, this book leaves a lasting \\"runners high\\" for runners and non-runners alike.  This is a story about following your passion and how powerful self belief can be.     We are all born to run, but maybe even more important, we are born to be individuals, and McDougall is masterful at taking a true running adventure with real characters and illustrates how powerful running can be to life, and how powerful life can be to running.
B000W8OM5Y|5.0|I think this movie needs to be in everyone's collection. It is a true classic picture..and the soundtrack is as good as the movie.
031606792X|5.0|I love love love love this book, or this series in general or rather shall I say anything written by Stephanie Meyer.... I pray that she will publish Midnight Sun (I will be one of the pre order please please please hope that she finishes this book)<br /><br />I love the transformation of Bella (book 3) the detail that Bella exeperiences and poor Jacob until the end.  She left this book open so if she ever felt a need to return there can be plenty of tales.
0385341008|5.0|Oh, how I adored this book! The only thing that disappointed me was the fact that it ended! I wanted it to keep going! I did not want it to end!<br /><br />The story is told in a series of letter and telegrams, which is always magical to me. I find it amazing that an author (or authors in this case..)can create a story that way. I love stories told in this matter. It feels as if you have come across a chest full of old letters in your granny's attic. Almost as if you are spying on someone else's life.<br /><br />Juliet is a young woman, living in post WWII London. She is single, and quite sure that she will never find true love, especially in her war torn city. She makes her living writing a column for a daily paper, called \\"Izzy Bickerstaff Goes to War\\". But when the war ends, she finds herself struggling for new story ideas. As if by fate, she receives a letter for a complete stranger, asking for help locating a book. The stranger is a pig farmer named Dawsey, living on the island of  Geurnsey. Geurnsey was occupied by the Germans during the war and the residents are just coming out from  under their thumb. But they've got plenty of stories to tell. Juliet and Dawsey begin a regular correspondence and soon other islanders are sending letters as well. A strong friendship is formed and soon Juliet finds herself visiting the island. She has come to collect the stories, both happy and truly heartbreaking, for a book. But she manages to find much more than just inspiration for a story. She finds real people with real hearts and real frienships, along with a love of books.<br /><br />Some of the stories she hears are absolutely horrific. Others are heartwarming and funny. But all of them are completely absorbing and fascinating.<br /><br />I fell in love with each other characters, all who are as different from one another as possible. The Geurnsey Literary and Potato Peel Pie Society is truly amazing. I cannot recommend it enough!!
B001IAOEXU|5.0|I always wondered why these so called \\"triggers\\" on the Playstation 3 controllers were called so, because they really ARE NOT triggers!    Thanks to RealTriggers, you can get the real trigger feeling, similar to the XBOX 360 controllers. No more slipping or hindered gameplay!    Makes a gaming experience a little more effortless. I highly recommend for a avid Playstation 3 gamer!
0307266303|5.0|My wife handed me Born to Run about 24 hours ago and said \\"you might like this.\\"  Having run quite a bit but nursing an achilles tendon injury for about 3 years, I had almost given up on my dreams of getting back into marathon shape.  24 hours (and very little sleep) later, I feel inspired, awed, and enlightened, and I have Christopher's wonderful book to thank.<br /><br />In a nutshell, I have not been this entralled by a story since Shadow Divers, Seabiscuit and/or Into Thin Air.  Christopher's recounting of the forbidding Copper Canyons, the amazing Tarahumara, ultramarathoners young and old, and the greatest race you've never heard of is enough for me to give this a rave review.  But like the aforementioned books, there is so much more to this story, not the least of which was Christopher's own quest (and amazing resiliency) to run without pain.  Finally, he put to words many of the thoughts and feelings I've had about running but am unable to articulate.  And Christopher is a great writer - I laughed out loud many times throughout.  He has a style akin to a Timothy Cahill - a great wit that was obviously aided by a wonderfully intriguing cast of characters.<br /><br />As the sun was coming up this morning I was a bit sad to see this book end, and am already contemplating picking it up again.  But only after I strap on the old, beaten up sneaks and get in a quick jog.  Thanks so much for writing this book - I hope it changes lives and perspectives in the process.
B001PA0FFO|3.0|This movie came highly recommended and I couldn't wait to see it.  The movie spent time matching circumstances between this priest's personality and behavior, and our knowledge of sorrowful behaviors by priests w/altar boys over the years.  You are shown how stern and tenacious Streep's character is.  Once she suspects the motives and behavior's of this priest she does not relent in her mission to protect the boy in question and get rid of the priest from their school.  You're made privy to the sister's dislike of the priest (due in part) to his breaking from traditional teaching and disciplinary methods and his desire to rid the Catholic schools of such as her.  You're left not certain whether she was correct in her accusations and assumptions, or if he resigned to protect himself from rumors and accusations which he (felt he) was wrongfully accused.  I felt certain he abused the young black boy, plied him w/wine and had been inappropriate w/him.  The boy was troubled but when Streep informs the mother, she did not care to buck the system.  Streep's confession in the end surprised me, and I didn't like it. \\"A very human movie\\" ... human because she doubted what she \\"knew\\".  Human, because the Catholic church promoted and moved this priest to another church/school when he put in for a transfer (to avoid her reporting the situation), despite the number of times this happened in the past.  I didn't find this movie powerful, I found it simple and sad. It left me empty and irritated.
B001U0HBPG|3.0|\\"The Curious Case of Benjamin Button\\" was inspired by the short story of the same name by F. Scott Fitzgerald, though the film resembles it only in name and subject. Benjamin Button is a man who lives life backward. He is born old and dies young. Benjamin Button (Brad Pitt) of the film is born in New Orleans, Louisiana in 1918. His mother died in childbirth. His father Thomas Button (Jason Flemyng), thinking the infant deformed and anguished by his wife's death, leaves the child on the porch of a senior citizens' home.  The home's housekeeper and caregiver Queenie (Taraji B. Hensen) cares for the baby and calls it \\"Benjamin\\". She assumes little Benjamin won't live long, but, instead of growing more feeble, he grows younger. He leaves home at age 17, looking about 70, to see the world.<br /><br />This movie is 2 hours 45 minutes long, presumably so we feel the years pass as heavily as Benjamin does. If only I were that much younger by the end, it might have been worth it. The premise of a person growing younger is an opportunity to comment on aging, age's social implications as separate from its physical realities, how those change over the course of 80 years, etc. But \\"The Strange Case of Benjamin Button\\" doesn't seem to comment on anything. It's an excuse to be sentimental for nearly 3 hours. The dialogue is artificial and trite. People say things like, \\"We are meant to leave the people we love. How else would we know how important they are?\\" and \\"I was thinking that nothing lasts, and what a shame that is.\\" That's this film's idea of profundity. And of conversation.<br /><br />There are some redeeming features. Taraji B. Hensen always brings a vitality to her roles. The old folks home is charming. The film morphs into a tearjerker in the last 20 minutes and is successful as far as that goes. But characters are all two-dimensional. Benjamin's relationships are shallow. There is no hint of chemistry or depth of feeling between him and the love of his life, Daisy (Cate Blanchett). Everyone and every thing seems to be a device, leaving no real characters or story. There is a point where Benjamin appears to age about 25 years when he would have only aged 12. That might be insignificant if a major plot point didn't hang on his age. It doesn't make sense. What we have is an overlong piece of speculative fiction that doesn't do much speculating.veryone and every thing seems to be a device, leaving no real characters or story. There is a point where Benjamin appears to age about 25 years when he would have only aged 12. That might be insignificant if a major plot point didn't hang on his age. It doesn't make sense. What we have is an overlong piece of speculative fiction that doesn't do much speculating.
0783226063|5.0|One of my favorite sci-fi vids.  It has some hokey parts to it but overall I always really enjoy watching it.
B0000714BP|4.0|I've been a huge fan of this movie since it came out, so I can't say enough about it. It is at times hilarious and heartbreaking. It's a good forum for how lines are easily blurred between \\"outcasts\\" and \\"normals\\".   Heartwarming story that teaches us all that everyone, no matter their beliefs, dreams, and differences, are at their heart, all the same. And that sometimes getting \\"Lost\\" along the way is the best part of any journey. And Wesley Snipes in drag is worth the price of admission!
B0019T9FL6|4.0|Really liked Jennifer Hudson's singing abilities when we saw her on American Idol (she should not have been voted off as early as she did) so we had to get her album.  We were not disapointed.
0786838655|5.0|Lightening Thief was assighned to my 7th grade class as a project. In the 15 days since we've started, I've been able to blow through almost the whole series! This book is a great story of Greek mythology. In this captivating book, a young boy named Percy Jackson learns his real identity and goes to a hero camp. He must find many diffrent creatures including gods, monsters, demons, and many exciting and elaborate things. This author uses a great deal of detail letting you, as a reader, feel like you're in the book as one of the characters whether you're Percy, dealing with many different emotions or you are Annabeth trying to figure out what you need to do or you're one of those other characters.    I loved this book because of all the twists and turns it gives you. It is as if you were on the best roller coaster of all time in pitch black darkness, because you have no idea what's going to happen next. I would recommend this book to any person young or old. Even the kids at my school that hate reading said that they like it. In conclusion, I give this book an A+.
1932100385|5.0|There are a lot of different opinions here about the science behind this book, but the reality is, results are what counts, not arguments about \\"thousands of years of meat-eating\\". Before I started this diet, I had weight I couldn't lose no matter what diet I tried, painful arthritis in my hands and feet, serious issues with my period, and very low energy.<br /><br />Now I'm thin (and eat all day), my arthritis has disappeared (poof!), my period is normal, and I have so much energy, I get 10 times the amount of stuff done than I used to! I do occasionally eat meat/dairy - once a month is about it. I agree that completely cutting out those foods is a bit extreme, especially if you can handle making it a very small part of your diet. However, if you can't cut back, just cut it out - it depends on your personality more than anything. Also, he lists free oils as okay in small amounts - I would adjust that to VERY small amounts (like a tablespoon a week all together). Free oils (olive oil, veggie oil, canola oil, etc.) are consistently linked to cancer and arthritis/other auto-immune diseases in hundreds of studies (check out Dr. McDougall's website for more info).<br /><br />This book changed my life - before I was a die-hard meat and butter and cheese eater. Every meal included rich fats and meats and I loved it. Unfortunately, I didn't love how my health was starting to go down the tubes at 39 years of age. I felt like an old lady and I had to pop Advil constantly. Now, my Advil bottle and vitamin bottles are all gathering dust. My grocery bill is half of what it was. I'm never hungry and I'll never have to diet again. All of these changes would never have happened if my husband hadn't suggested I \\"just read\\" this book. All it took was one read-through and this die-hard meat-lover was changed forever. I can't imagine ever going back to the Western diet again.
B001PPLJIQ|3.0|Without question, this is beautifully done by everyone involved.  (And if they teach this in German high schools, its no wonder they don't have the dropout problems we do).<br /><br />But the story turns on a person being so ashamed of being illiterate that she would rather spend life in prison vs. saying \\"Well shoot.  I can't read or write so I guess that answers your question!\\"<br /><br />Obviously, most people didn't have a problem with that and one presumes Hannah is so overcome with guilt that she feels she deserves a life sentence.  She never gives any such indication but its the only other explanation.<br /><br />All of this is a monstrous stretch but even if true, her one great admirer, who happens to be learning that there is no morality, only law, withholds information that's vital to this most serious case.  Of course, it would have been predictable for him to jump up and say \\"She can't write!\\" but it would give the story what it lacks--plausibility.
B00000F14B|5.0|This is my favorite musical, so of course I bought the Special Edition DVD. The video still looks great since the movie first came out in 1962. The video and audio are much better than I expected for a 47 year old movie. Glad I bought this DVD to add to my collection of OUTSTANDING MUSICALS.
1594481717|5.0|This book is great for the times we live in now.<br /><br />As the dot com boom/bust settles, this book is throws a lot of light on ways to train your brain to tap into its creative potential.<br /><br />It doesn't take an \\"either / or\\" argument, it's an argument of complimenting the left and right sides of your brain, into a \\"whole new mind\\".<br /><br />It lists many simple exercises and points the reader to many other publications that will speed the process along.<br /><br />Very uplifting and highly recommended.
B000001GXJ|5.0|After you get tired of all other Verdi's operas, here is a masterpiece for real opera lovers and connoisseurs. The performance is so superb, and the music is unbelievable. I bought this CD three years ago, and I still can't get enough of it.
0446364495|5.0|Bridges of Madison County is a sweet little love story.  If you are looking for a quick read and like authors along the same lines as Nicholas Sparks or Will North, you will like this book.  I would recommend it to whoever is a romantic at heart.  Bridges would make for an excellent summer read on the beach or wherever you might be.
0307270807|5.0|Other reviewers have covered Herr in Vietnam very well.    Towards the end, when he comes home and writes about how that feels, he evokes why Vietnam never, ever goes away, opening a door that reveals memories as sharp now as they were then, whether you were there or here.    And why living through those times changed everything forever.      And why nothing for the rest of our lives could match the terrible sense of loss when it was over, even if one hated the war and had fought to end it every day until it was over.    Herr knew that was coming.     T
0446579939|5.0|This captivating novel had me immediately engaged!  Written very tactfully, each chapter is seen from different characters while following a storyline that leaves you wanting to continue to read on at the end of each chapter.  The end of the story will leave you screaming then crying.  This novel by Nick Sparks is different from his others, at the same time, like his others, pulls on every emotion.  I love it!
B001SGEUNI|4.0|I was given this CD by Halestorm, to try it out, as I wasn't sure...I almost said no cuz of the mention of many mainstream commercial rock bands listed in the credits whom I don't like...Nickelback, Shinedown, Theory Of A Deadman, etc...I stay away from that stuff.  My taste is powerpop, alt-country and many alt/punk/new wave bands, as well as many female rockers and singer/songwriters, plus the Scandinavian, opera-metal bands fronted by women.<br /><br />Then I read the reviews, comparing Halestorm to Pat Benatar and Heart, so then I listened, as I love Pat Benatar and Heart...and I'll tell ya, the reviews were right on!!  I'm not a big fan of huge commercial productions, UNLESS the songs and tunefulness is undeniable, and there is a VOICE...well folks, Halestorm fit those qualifications to a T.  Even American Idol judge/songwriter extraordinaire Kara DioGuardi cowrote a song here, \\"I'm Not An Angel\\", and it's good.<br /><br />I not only hear Pat Benatar, 80s Heart (not so much their 70s work), but also even forgotten, former Atlantic 80s female-fronted band Fiona...BUT Halestorm crank up the decibels and dark drama, and sharpen the edges 10-fold, almost in metal territory, yet they keep their tunefulness intact...Lzzy's got a voice that can knock over barriers, no doubt about it.<br /><br />Yes, they are quite mainstream and commercial, BUT Halestorm have more going for them than just being the next female-fronted radio rock band, the next Evanescence...unfortunately, the production is too slick to endear them to L7 fans or Babes In Toyland fans.  I can see through these shortcomings and get passed categorization and radio formats, and just see a band for what they truly are and their potential...unfortunately, many people cannot, going by radio formats and just what's spoonfed to them on VH1 and Metal Shop...I hope they evolve, but they might get stuck in a corner unfortunately, cuz Howard Benson's hyperslick production is not doing them any favours.  Sorry.  Good record, better than expected, not a fan of commercial slickness tho.pected, not a fan of commercial slickness tho.
B000002L7J|5.0|The second long-player by The Smiths is a revelation even today.  This reviewer lived in Manchester at the time of its release and can fully attest to the record's dead-center portrayal of a tender hooligan's fight to survive the soot of a disused city.  The now classic \\"How Soon is Now?\\" warbles from its lair with the unforgettable post-clubbing line \\"You go home and cry and you want to die.\\"  Instead of suicide, Morrissey urges the like-minded to moon the queen in the defiant \\"Nowhere Fast.\\"  The lyricist par excellence routinely got bashed and parodied for his persona of mope (rightly so), but \\"Meat\\" comes rushing out of the gate with four breathless songs about sadistic headmasters, dodgy carnival rides, a railway rendez-vous that will never happen, and cigarettes intensely inhaled to bring an early death.  Anyone trapped a whisper and a nudge from what they desire immediately senses in Morrissey a compatriot, a sensitive soul clutching secret treasures in a thuggish, merciless world.  And as one perceptive critic once noted, Johnny Marr is the wind that blows Morrissey's clouds.  The guitar work on \\"Meat\\" is simply superb.  The twining figures and textures, buoyed by Andy Rourke's melodic bass lines, bring the bumps.  \\"Every sensible child\\" knows what The Smiths mean.
B001PJRAUS|5.0|If you like Pride and Prejudice you will love Lost in Austen; It is a new twist on an old tale. Austen fans get ready to see your favorite characters come to life as you have never seen before.
B000MR9D5E|5.0|I bought this as a gift.  It arrived quickly and in good shape.  He enjoys it very much.
B001DJ7PR8|3.0|Hmm I was really interested to see this movie because I figured it could turn out to be anything, I really had no idea what it would be like. It surprised me how light the movie sort of was, I mean it was no chick flick romance comedy but it wasn't nearly as heavy as I thought it might be. Woody Allen is all over the place so I had no idea what to expect. I would definitely compare it to Scoop and also a bit to Matchpoint.<br /><br />One thing that was kind of weird and distracting to me was that the movie had some narration in it. Not like The Royal Tenebaums Alec Baldwin narration but like the Shopgirl Steve Martin narration, it was just distracting. I think it would have been better with a different voice but I had a hard time following along when there was narration.<br /><br />I liked all the characters and surprisingly to me I kind of liked Penelop Cruz in this movie, she usually just doesn't do it for me, but this time she did. I loved the scenes between her, Scarlett Johansson and Javier Bardem. Those were the best to me.<br /><br />Anyhow, the movie was interesting. I feel like ranking it. I thought it was better than Scoop but not as good as Matchpoint. So there is that.
B0002TT0NM|4.0|This is one of the best movies I ever watched.For an old vhs,it is still just as good as a DVD.
1590200918|4.0|Though not as outright frightening as WOMAN IN BLACK, still effective and highly literate. Once again, Hill chooses the short novel to tell this ghost story, which is reminiscent of such masters as Poe and Lovecraft.[[ASIN:1590200918 The Man in the Picture]]
B00000F214|5.0|I thought the movie was very good.  The story was really interesting, and the acting was well done.  My only point of criticism is I don't know if this movie has to be seen on blu-ray.  I've always tried to buy newer, more graphically pleasing movies on blu-ray to take a better advantage of hi-definition.  I decided to give this a try and I was very impressed, I thought it was totally worth it and I felt the whole experience was made better by it.  This was a good purchase.
1881273156|5.0|Gary Chapman's books teaches (or at least reminds) us that expressing our love for one another is essential to maintaining a happy and satifying life.  Love should not be expressed in one matter -- or language.  We need to embrace all five languages.    [[ASIN:0595409873 Angel's Dance: A Collection of Uplifting and Inspirational Poetry]]
B001F12J48|4.0|Absolutly love the story. I think it's everything a kid should see. As far as the anaglyph release, some parts don't work very well but it is still a great transfer. For me it worked very well in anaglyph. I know people are going to cry and whine about the loss of color but that is the best we have for 3D at home so deal with it.     The 3D was honestly pretty good. The story is great so most people should just get over the problems with a home version being in 3D.
B0000019HU|5.0|Start here for the start of something way ahead of it's time.  Mogwai, Godspeed TBE, Explosions in the sky, etc..are brilliant by their own design, but Slint's influence is still prominant in today's indie scene
B00127RAJY|5.0|I have only been doing this for about 10 days and have worked out with it four times. I had to take a break after the 2nd time because I strained my arm a bit (I think my 5lb were maybe too much). But I have done it four times now and I am totally noticing changes! Especially in my thighs, triceps, and love handles. Jillian is funny and makes me laugh and her motivation keeps me going. The circuits are great because you know you have an end point. I stick with it because I know it's possible to do anything for three minutes! I have only done Level 1 so far, I am excited knowing there are other levels so I won't get bored. This video rocks and works if you work it! Plus $9, you can't lose. Good luck!
B001AK3S4Y|4.0|Great movie. The second one is even better. Great color and cinematography. Very good effects and acting. Highly recommended.<br /><br />Only gripe is that it did not came with Spanish track.
B00008CLOA|5.0|Brought this for my husband as he had lost the vinyl version when we last moved.  Has always love Pink Floyd.  Great music, never to be outdone.  Will get heaps of playing time.
B001FB4W0C|5.0|Supernatural, season 4 makes up for the 17 episodes of season 3 (thanks WGA people!)with a full 22 episode run. This is a rare gem of a show where I find myself rewatching a season every 3-4 months (never, ever boring). Seriously, this show has become something of a religion and has re-introduced me to classic, old school rock from the likes of AC/DC & Grand Funk Railroad.<br /><br />Outstanding episodes here include: In The Beginning (where we see a smoking hot actress called Amy Gumenick as a young Mary Winchester); Metamorphosis; After School Special; Jump The Shark (which was Eric Kripke's in-joke about Chad Michael Murray being a third Winchester brother and introduces us to a new foe); The Rapture; Family Remains (unusually news topical) and saving the best for last: Yellow Fever, where at the very end, we have Dean Winchester doing his rendition of Survivor's \\"Eye of the Tiger\\" - believe me, you will watch that scene again and again! It's no wonder youtube get so many hits on it everyday and proves 80s rock DOES ROCK!!<br /><br />On a sad note, this series marked the passing away of Kim Manners, who was very much a creative force in terms of direction, the overall look and feel of the show. We miss you, buddy - RIP.<br /><br />As per usual, Jared Padalecki & Jensen Ackles are outstanding as Sam & Dean Winchester. Jensen is very much the Han Solo character who gets to quip funnier lines and pop culture references throughout; whilst poor old Jared has cranked up the emotional steering wheel 3 notches and is a revelation in the process. Fans of Heroes often do the Hiro scrunchy face when he time travels, but for me, I always do the Sam stretching-his-hand-out-before-extracting-a-demon-from-its-host routine. Before long, everyone will be copying it! These two actors have a chemistry I haven't seen since Niles & Frasier Crane. Also have to say kudos to Misha Collins as Cassiel, whom I really got used to, even if he does annoy Dean most of the time!<br /><br />Whilst watching Shatner & Nimoy in Mind Meld, it was great seeing these legends of screen & TV, discussing their fond memories on Star Trek and personal lives. I hope that one day, we'll get Jensen & Jared doing the same about Supernatural.<br /><br />PS: Don't be frustrated about the final scene of Lucifer Rising - Eric Kripke is genius personified and trust that he knows what he's doing - especially if season five is going to be the last. It's a classic cliffhanger, but the guessing game is on for what hell Lucifer will unleash! Forget girly rubbish like Twilight and stick to the real deal that is Supernatural!Mind Meld, it was great seeing these legends of screen & TV, discussing their fond memories on Star Trek and personal lives. I hope that one day, we'll get Jensen & Jared doing the same about Supernatural.    PS: Don't be frustrated about the final scene of Lucifer Rising - Eric Kripke is genius personified and trust that he knows what he's doing - especially if season five is going to be the last. It's a classic cliffhanger, but the guessing game is on for what hell Lucifer will unleash! Forget girly rubbish like Twilight and stick to the real deal that is Supernatural!
B00003CXBK|3.0|of all th einterviews i read -everyone said this was an out standing movie-i bought it and i didn't think it earned 4 or 5 stars!i think it takes sometime to get into this movie,i just have to say i was dissappointed in the movie and for the price i don't think it was worth it.
B001AVEJ1Y|1.0|an ALTERNATE REALITY...    Which explains why Kirk really isn't really Kirk but a generic punk kid with the name, how all the characters are 2D parodies of themselves, and so on.  I first thought I was watching Trek V but with better effects, except the plot's different.      Also, google it:  Abrams is on record saying \\"I never got Star Trek\\" and \\"I never liked Star Trek\\".  Given the number of 4th wall-breaking nudges and winks in the form of scene borrowing (e.g. telling a character he didn't invent ____ yet, the bug that gets put into a character's head that makes him tell the truth, and so on), it's clear JJ got himself a gaggle of ghostwriters.  If he never understood or liked Trek, I doubt he's going to sit through 6 movies and 79 TV episodes just to find token lines to what's surely tantamount to plagiarism?    Abrams could have made this a new franchise, but he pegged the name \\"Star Trek\\" onto it because Paramount didn't want to take any real risks.  This film, in ways, holds its own, but apart from leeching off of the franchise name and character names, and maybe Spock, this movie is NOT \\"Star Trek\\" or anything approaching it.    Granted, given they are not A-name celebrities, one can assume we got some talented actors.  And that is true.  Maybe that's another reason someone wanted to give this movie the name \\"Star Trek\\", because people only want their established celebrities...    Oh, product placement ads too?  For beer and cell phones?!  That's the icing on the cake.
B001SGEUNI|5.0|Lzzy voice is nothing short of unbelievable. Comparing her to Ann Wilson is not a stretch. She has the same ability to put so much emotion into a song. Every song on this album is good. With all the processed vocals from so many female vocalists today it is so refreshing to hear Lzzy belt out a song so effortlessly. Great album. Get it.
1596680180|5.0|This book really is a great tool for learning to make knots and braids. There are illustrated pictures and detailed instructions. Even if someone has never worked with this type of craft they can use this book.
0307266303|5.0|I once read a headline on one of those supermarket checkout stand tabloids, the World Weekly News that read: \\"Picture of Elvis cured my gout.\\"    This book is kind of like my picture of Elvis.
0307387178|3.0|A 24 year old nomadic self-described \\"non conformist\\" with the ideals of self-preservation as modeled by Thoreau and the fiction of Jack London has died on a trip to live resolutely in Alaska. The book is borne from, Jon Krakauer's fascination with and determination to retrace the tracks of this wanderer and tell as accurately as clues allow how he lived and more importantly, explain how he died. The Introduction warns that his [Krakauer's] opinion on matters will not be hidden, it still is left to the reader to gauge the character and sanity (among other things) of the subject, Chris McCandless.    However, Jon Krakauer holds such a tremendous bias and identification with his subject, that rather than remaining objective, the truth and hard-facts of what happened is distracted by Krakauer's own rememberings of his past. His telling of the McCanless death is skewed and facts blend with what sometimes seems like fiction. Krakauer fails to remain objective to his subject, which makes this telling of the story romanticized. His opinion of the circumstances is so smothering that the reader is not left to figure things out for themselves, but instead backed into a corner where they either agree with everything he has stated, or become a hateful person ignorant to the beauty of passion and finding meaning in one's experiences. A reader who chooses to remain objective thus is also left feeling a bit bullied. Krakouer remains so urgent in his message to think of the event in a specific way that he insults the reader's intelligence by making it clear that in his opinion there is only one \\"right\\" way of perceiving what happened.    I must say, though, that Jon Krakauer does not suffer as a writer with pointed intimacy and expressiveness. He is certainly a wonderful writer, and did exactly what he set out to do: he told the facts, as best to his understanding of what happened. However, as a journalist, he failed at the delicate task of objectivity. And, for me, when reading non fiction, the emotional side of the story is most gracefully told with restraint and respect for the subject discussed. I don't doubt that he is respectful of the event, nor do I doubt that he is respectful of the idea of the event. However, in his telling, his own opinions betray this respect, and leaves a bad taste in the mouth.    As a documentation of an event that has greatly moved a man who identifies, this is a splendid masterpiece. As a documentation of an event by someone who has enough history and knowledge and craftmanship to tell the story, this is a literary failing.    That said, I greatly enjoyed the language, the story was more than compelling, and I am definitely glad that I read this. It certainly won't be among any of my \\"trade for credit at the used book store\\" books.
B001PPLIFU|5.0|I really have not been happy with the actors playing Bond since Sean Connery..I truly believed Daniel Craig was a poor choice for the new Bond movies when it was announced.. But I have to admit he's the best since Sean Connery and I now own both of his Bond movies on BluRay..  I highly recommend this movie..
0757302661|5.0|My favorite out of the 20 or so gentle birth books I've read    Simple, you could get away with reading just this one book.    Things this book has that make it special:  1)Special birthing terms that have positive rather then scary medical connotations.  Makes the whole tone of the book so positive.  2)Fun prenatal bonding activities  3)Three excellent breathing tools to use during labor (reminds me of Yoga)  4)Four excellent relaxation tools to use during labor (not original, but powerful)  5)Five excellent visualization tools to use during labor (creative, I added them to the list of visualizations I've found elsewhere)  6)A simple, but completely thorough and accurate section on prenatal nutrition (based on the Brewer diet [...])  7)A simple enough birth preparation exercise routine that I could do it with three little kids   8)A chapter on perineal massage (most books skip this, but it really is good to learn how to relax down there)  9)Help for mothers with breech babies  10) Affirmations (super important)  11) This book doesn't belittle hospital births like most natural birth books, it prepares you to have a great birth in the place where most moms really do give birth.  12) Excellent, excellent, discussion on why and how to avoid an induction, natural ways to induce labor.  14) The best teaching on how to birth the baby I've read, it does away with the \\"push phase\\" which has always been where other methods broke down for me.  I birthed my second and third babies the way described in this book instinctively and I think it is the way to go.  13) no naked mamma pictures, you can show this to your husband without making him squirm.     The one thing this book mentions, but doesn't provide is the Birth Companions Prompt Card.  It suggested that it is better to make your own anyway.  Write down the things you think it would be helpful for your partner to say.  There are suggestions all throughout the book.    This book comes with a relaxation CD, but I have alwaysused Yoga and that is very effective too.  I was shocked that the book said walking isn't necessary to facilitate labor!!!  But after I read the explanation I agreed with their point.  If the mom doesn't FEEL like walking, she doesn't need to, relaxation is paramount.  As always, labor in the position that feels comfortable,     Hypnobirthing doesn't mean you'll have a pain-free birth (some moms do though, but you'll be really well prepared, and it probably won't be mor
B00133KHCY|5.0|I'm really not a fan of musicals..But I loved this movie and the music..If you like guitar music , check it out
B000MRA5NS|5.0|I grew up in the Sean Connery era of James Bond. The bigger than life super hero with bigger than life bad guys.  So I didn't know what to expect from Daniel Craig...But WOW was I surprised. The movie went back to when Bond gets his 00 certentials.  Like the new Star Trek Film no out this movie reintroduces Bond to a new generation and Daniel Craig puts in a great performance along with a great story.  No super bad guys, no bigger than life Bond. This Bond doesn't have all the high tech wepons but for what he doesn't have in technology he makes up with toughness, smarts and a lot of guts.  This movie along with Quantum of Solace have put James Bond back on the big screen for a long time to come...I really hope.
B001WCN23W|5.0|Sticky Fingers is probably my favorite album of The Rolling Stones (although I like Let It Bleed almost as much). This album has everything you could want out of a band. Sticky Fingers has a good variety of songs ranging from the light, beautiful, and catchy Wild Horses to the guitar and saxophone driven Can't You Hear Me Knocking.     I was also pleased by the fact that this remastered version turned out sounding like the original unlike some other remastered versions of albums I have heard. If you like The Rolling Stones or if you are new to them I recommend this album.
B00129H7VS|4.0|This review is specific to Blu Ray version, I and assume you already know the miniseries.    The image is not perfect, due to 2 points: much grain and a little DNR (Digital Noise Reduction). The latter one makes some skin and clothing textures seem a little dull sometimes.    The grain: there are people who don't care about it, but I don't like it. And I find hard to agree that, in Band of Brothers case, the grain is part the source and so should be there, because in the DVD version I can't see grain. That disappointed me.    On the other hand, Band of Brothers blu ray edition has what may be the coolest bonus I've ever seen. The \\"In the Field with the Men of Easy Company\\" interactive guide is great, with notes, real videos and explanations about army which are real interesting for those who like to learn more about World War II and army in general.    In fact, these bonus make you see the show with even more respect than before, once you see that every detail in the script was in fact real, and the show seems to be more like a documentary then a movie.
B001VPJZH2|3.0|This movie is loosely based on DAY OF THE JACKAL with Edward Fox as the jackal and Tony Britton as the French detective trying to stop him before he can act. To those who have seen the original, this is a terrible remake.<br /><br />To those who have not seen DAY OF THE JACKAL, Bruce Willis makes all of his roles interesting as the killer. Richard Gere plays the role of the detective, but in the movie he is a... wait for it--\\"Irish Republican Army\\" terrorist brought out of jail to find the Jackal. I kid you not--an IRA terrorist. We have seen Richard Gere play Sir Lancelot in FIRST KNIGHT with a Brooklyn accent. Now you get to see him as an Irishman with a Brooklyn accent.<br /><br />Blame whoever came up with this ridiculous idea for Gere's character, because the IRA has nothing to do with the plot. The character could just as well have been a former hit man from Brooklyn. Getting past that for the moment, if you knew nothing about the original movie, it is a reasonably good thriller.
B0010VD7EO|5.0|CD arrived in excellent condition and quickly.  I love the music and listen to it all the time!!
B001VPJZ5O|4.0|I had not seen this movie in perhaps 25 years, and I had forgotten just how good it is, and how much good music there is in it. The Blues Brothers almost single handedly revived the blues music industry with the album selling 3.5 million copies. Ray Charles, Aretha Franklin, and other well known artists assist along the way with some outstanding dancers too numerous to list.    Combine all of this with the comedy of John Belushi and Dan Aykroyd, and Carrie Fisher--the woman definitely has issues--and you have a great movie. See this movie and I dare you to keep your feet still, because they will move to the music... unless you're quiet dead.
B001DTPZNY|4.0|Despite the fact that there are many, many moments in the movie that will have you saying, \\"Yeah, right\\", \\"Indiana Jones and the Kingdom of the Crystal Skull\\" is still a fun movie.<br /><br />The action is great and sometimes comical.  The story is solid.  And the cinematography is top notch.<br /><br />True fans of the franchise will enjoy the story, the time period, and the adventure.  The finish is a bit of a suprise, but still works.<br /><br />In truth, it might not be the best in the series, but it sill holds up for fun, action, and adventure.
B0014I4KH6|5.0|From the moment I got this CD, I absolutely loved it. I can deeply relate to some of her songs and completely respect the fact that she writes or co-writes all of her own lyrics. For someone who has really been affected by tracks such as \\"Teardrops On My Guitar\\" and \\"Stay Beautiful,\\" I'm happy to know that these are actually her stories to tell.  This is my ratings of each track:    1. Tim McGraw - This song has great lyrics, but the music and vocals are just okay compared to some of the other tracks. Nevertheless, it's a good, sweet song. 4/5.  2. Picture To Burn - This song is great for when you're angry or just want to have fun singing along to something catchy. It's got upbeat music and hilarious lyrics. 5/5.  3. Teardrops On My Guitar - The most personal track on the album, for me. I've been in a situation similar to this, so I found it very easy to relate to. The music is beautiful and the lyrics are absolutely amazing. It's one of the only songs I've cried several times listening to. 6/5.  4. A Place In This World - A good song about finding where you belong. Pretty good, but mediocre compared to other tracks. 4/5.  5. Cold As You - This one is probably one of my two favorites, tied with \\"Teardrops On My Guitar.\\" The music is great, the vocals are really good, and the lyrics are absolutely beautiful. Very deep; it's amazing that this song was written by a teenager! 6/5.  6. The Outside - At first, I didn't care for this song. However, after listening to it a few times, it started to grow on me. This talks about the very reason Taylor being writing music; being left out. Good music and lyrics. 4/5.  7. Tied Together With A Smile - This is probably my least favorite track on the album, because I can't really relate. Still, it's got a good message. The song is all about Taylor trying to help someone who is struggling with self-esteem - inspirational much? 4/5.  8. Stay Beautiful - This is one of the songs that I overlooked at first, but when I came back, I was surprised I didn't see how great it was. I love the lyrics and music, and her vocals are better than many of the other tracks here. Very easy to relate to. 5/5.  9. Should've Said No - A great song. Like \\"Picture To Burn,\\" it's good to listen to when you're angry. The music is very good. One of the better showcases of Taylor's lyrical skills, considering this is one of the three she wrote herself. 5/5.  10. Mary's Song (Oh My My My) - Another song that grew on me. Beautiful lyrics about love that really does last together. 5/5.  11. Our Song - The most catchy tune on the album! The music is good and the lyrics are downright awesome. Great for anyone who's in a relationship and loving it. 5/5.  12. I'm Only Me When I'm With You - Another good song about being in a great relationship. The lyrics, as always, are great, and the music brings some variety to the album. 5/5.  13. Invisible - This song is also very easy to relate to. It's all about liking a guy who likes someone else - but she doesn't like him back. Good music and great lyrics. 5/5.  14. A Perfectly Good Heart - Not one of my favorites, but it isn't bad. The music, like \\"I'm Only Me When I'm With You,\\" also brings something different to the album. 4/5.  15. Teardrops On My Guitar (Pop Version) - As someone who connected deeply with the original song, I didn't really like the pop version. If you're not a fan of country, you'll probably like this version better, but I thought that this was mediocre compared to the beautiful music of the original. 3/5.    Overall, it's a great album. Can't wait to see where she takes her career; this girl has real talent.
B000Q6GUW0|5.0|this series is so good and different. Everyone in my family now wants to see this series. the premise is completely different. A series about a likeable serial killer. Brillant. the product is in good conditioner the price was very good. Reasonable. Good value for the money. Arrived in a timely manner.
B000AAF1U4|5.0|Disney knows what they are doing. Taking on a comidy in this great movie featuring David Spade and Patrick Warburton who are two quality actors. Don't let this movie get passed you. Great fun for all ages.
B001N26GFM|2.0|I think this movie was made in the UK because the very first thing I noticed was that all the characters had English ascents. I've never read the book but I did know it was meant to be a children's story and so I assumed that the movie would be much gentler. At the beginning I felt you didn't get a very good sense of the German culture at the time, subtract the Nazi flags and it could just as easily have been London or New York 1943 than Berlin. But I excused all of this because, again I assumed it was meant to be a children's story and more of a family movie.<br /> When Bruno first meats the little Jewish boy, my first thought was that this isn't at all historically correct. The grandparents didn't make it through the selection process and were sent to the showers but the eight-year-old little  boy did? But then I told myself, this isn't Auschwitz, in some of the smaller concentration camps they didn't always kill so many of the children.<br /> When Bruno decides he's going to dig under the fence and get into the camp, my mom screamed beside me \\"Oh my God! I don't want to watch this anymore! Their going to think he's a Jew and he'll die in the camp!\\" The thought had never occurred to me because I thought this was a children's story, I had no idea how I expected to it to end but that didn't seem right.<br /> I am Jewish myself and have been, let's say desensitized at a young age. I remember sitting in religious school when I was nine watching my teacher draw a detailed map of Germany on the board and placing a dot to represent a camp. But I found myself asking after I watched this movie, did they mean for it to be a Schindler's List?<br /> Throughout the movie you feel this conflict, perhaps it was in the book as well, I don't know, but it was as though the writers or the director weren't sure what feeling they wanted to give you. I truly believe this movie could have gone two ways and either would be equally good, but the movie tried to go both ways.<br /> Option 1: It could have been a feel good children's story. Bruno could have dug under the fence and the other boy could have come out. Bruno's mother could have found them in the forest and smuggled them away, leaving her husband, and the boy could have passed as one of the family, slipping seamlessly into the rest of society.<br /> Option 2: It could have been an all out, hard core, R rated, Holocaust movie. I didn't like the casting of the father, he was too soft, (for those of you who have read The Book Thief, he would have made the perfect Hans Hubermann, the man on the wrong side of the war) he acted too much like \\"I'm doing this because I have to to be respected and protect my family, not because I truly believe that this is right.\\" The story would need to have focused more on how awful dad's views were and the little boys and the fence would have needn't to be a side story. When the boy dies, you would need to feel terrible because you cared about him, but you would have had to really believe that the father deserved it and that would be the doninating feeling. I think the key with this would have been better casting of the father.<br /> I would have had a hard time deciding which way it should have gone, especially because it seems to be being used as a teaching tool but I don't believe it was very well done and I would not recommend it. It could have been a Schindler's List or it could have been a Life is Beautiful but not both.been a feel good children's story. Bruno could have dug under the fence and the other boy could have come out. Bruno's mother could have found them in the forest and smuggled them away, leaving her husband, and the boy could have passed as one of the family, slipping seamlessly into the rest of society.    Option 2: It could have been an all out, hard core, R rated, Holocaust movie. I didn't like the casting of the father, he was too soft, (for those of you who have read The Book Thief, he would have made the perfect Hans Hubermann, the man on the wrong side of the war) he acted too much like \\"I'm doing this because I have to to be respected and protect my family, not because I truly believe that this is right.\\" The story would need to have focused more on how awful dad's views were and the little boys and the fence would have needn't to be a side story. When the boy dies, you would need to feel terrible because you cared about him, but you would have had to really believe that the father deserved it and that would be the doninating feeling. I think the key with this would have been better casting of the father.   I would have had a hard time deciding which way it should have gone, especially because it seems to be being used as a teaching tool but I don't believe it was very well done and I would not recommend it. It could have been a Schindler's List or it could have been a Life is Beautiful but not both.
B001U6YI92|5.0|This is one of the top five westerns of all time.  This movie looks great on blu-ray especially when you consider  the age of the film. Don't hesitate to pick this one up.  I also recommend \\"The Searchers\\" and \\"Rio Bravo\\" on blu-ray.  Hopefully, we will also see \\"A Fistfull of Dollars\\" and   \\"A few Dollars More\\" in the future.
B000AYEL6U|5.0|This is a great way to spend 4 hours with some good friends! Settle in for a great story and just enjoy.
B001IF9WK0|5.0|Whom better than a soldier,having a \\"poets' soul,\\"to bring such entertainment to the world.This is a beautiful piece of work!If you enjoy melody...and thought provoking lyrics you will love this as much as I!
B00005JLKN|4.0|When  Red Dragon first came out on DVD, my wife raved about it, but I never got around to seeing it until this afternoon. Red Dragon is a tightly wound psycho-drama, and very tense crime suspense drama. This is really Anthony Hopkins best role, and Edward Norton is an actor who always surprises me. He seems so unassuming but always manages to pull off the believable hero. Here as a retired FBI profiler who bested Hannibal before only after he managed to get \\"killed\\" first, is using the mad doctor's  \\"help\\" to catch another serial killer, if he can only protect himself and his family long enough to do it.<br /><br />Red Dragon takes you right up to the timeline when Lecter meets Claire at the begging of [[ASIN:B000LP6KNU The Silence of the Lambs (Two-Disc Collector's Edition)]] and is absolutely a good (if somewhat disturbing) watch. Not for Kids or Family viewing, this is a definite \\"R\\" movie.<br /><br />But if you are in the mood for something \\"Dark\\" Red Dragon may be right up your metaphorical alley!
B00164KYV4|5.0|this is a must-see movie for every girl from age 16, 18 to see - if He Is Just Not That Into You, what are you doing wasting the time in your life?<br /><br />AND probably, really, you aren't that into him either - it's time for people who care about their friends, etc To Start Telling Everyone The Truth - no one wants to hurt anyone's feelings so instead most \\"friends\\" are just pumping each other up instead of helping each other to have a Better Real Life.<br /><br />Girls and women have been wasting years and decades of their lives imagining they mean more to a guy than they do - and end up embittered and scared that they are unappealing.<br /><br />Better to take a good look at one's self and evaluate one's true appeal: what is attractive and loveable about ourselves and what is NOT. then to assess our \\"marketability\\" and wait for that right moment, for a right one to come along - which is rare but DOES happen -<br /><br />but to waste time making more of something or someone than it or he is? what IS up with that?!<br /><br />better to be more selective, keep most guys as friends until they have proven they deserve a place in your heart - and become more wonderful every month and every year so that someone WILL come along and fall for you in a big way For Real.<br /><br />until, then, proceed with caution - and start with The Honest Truth. and watch this movie and read the book [and other good books on love and relationships] - don't waste your youth or precious time making something out of nothing - when we got nothin', we gotta admit It's NoThing - it's not our time, our turn - and he's not The One For You -<br /><br />greg behrendt's gift to womankind and his precious stepdaughter - it's a wonderful thing -
B001TODCII|5.0|I had my doubts like most other reviewers here upon watching this movie. However after i had watched this movie it was clear, the movie had exceeded all of my expectations. A fantastic top notch thriller.<br /><br />Liam Neeson play Bryan Mills a retired CIA agent who knows how to punch. He must call upon his past skills in order to save his daughter who has been kidnapped during a holiday in France by people traffickers. This is one of those things that is unfortunately very real and does happen.<br /><br />Here you see Liam Neeson in one of his finest forms yet (however he has aged considerably). The supporting cast is good, and includes Famke Janssen as Neeson's ex-wife and features a good lengthy back story which helps develop Nesson's character. This international thriller is a very dark gritty masterpiece featuring some of the coolest close combat fighting which is up there with the Bourne triology and backed up by some top notch camera work making this a very fast paced movie that is entertaining and well worth your money. Neeson does a great job at holding this movie together with his gravitas and emotional availability that make his character the usual action fantasy of impossible competence and righteous fury. An extremely entertaining thriller from the legendary writer/producer Luc Besson.
B00005LK95|5.0|Short Circuit has long had the misfortune of being unfavorably compared to its predecessor (aka Police Academy with Robots) I'm glad that it's been getting more positive feedback nowadays; then again, it was only a matter of time considering the memorable quotes (\\"Los Locos kick your...\\")     Much of Short Circuit's 2's success is owed to Fisher Stevens, who steps awkwardly in the forefront but quickly wins you over. His character, Ben, is no longer psudo-racist comic relief. He will never receive the acclaim he deserves, but if we let Lawrence Olivier get away with playing Othello, then surely we can't fault a Caucasian guy for playing an Indian guy, right? Stevens endows Ben with a lot of heart and plays him as a sort of human counterpart to Johnny Five; both are good-hearted but lack people skills. The script still overuses Ben's tendency to mispronounce English (\\"How time is fun when you're having flies.\\") Awkward.    Also worthy of praise is Michael McKean as the shifty Fred Ritter. He does surprisingly well for a brand-new character and makes a great foil to the ber-scrupulous Ben. The scenes where Ben grows increasingly outraged by Fred's complete lack of morals still make me snicker even though I can pretty much recite the entire movie by memory. Luckily, Ben and Fred's opposing natures make them a good team.    It's hard to describe, but the movie seems packed with events even though not much is happening in it. There's a trio of goons who want to rob a bank with Johnny's help, but it kind of pales to the impending peril of Johnny Five's military overlords in the prequel. Johnny's trials are a LOT more personal in this one, however; his ambush by axe-wielding thugs is outlandishly brutal and probably inappropriate in a kid's movie (big warning there). Mingled with the attack is a real sense of betrayal, too, as Johnny's naivete leads him to trust a vile individual.     I saw this movie before Short Circuit 1, and it didn't hamper my enjoyment at all. It'sbetter than the first. Don't let anyone tell you different.
B001NP8PQW|5.0|If you like the sound of The Cure this blu ray disc is a good aquisition!  The musicians are so competent and is a plasure to listen them.  There are a lot of number of musics and the ilumination of the show is so good (strong blue and red collors). I recomend it.
B000002J09|5.0|Please refer to 'Led Zeppelin IV' as simply the Fourth Album. It has no title and was never intended to have one.  For anyone who needs to submerse themselves in pure rock 'n' roll this is a must have.  Anyone over the age of 30 will no doubt reflect back to high school with Stairway to Heaven, but the album is more than that - it is a testament to a band that created classic rock and established the template that is still felt today.  When you buy this album listen cover to cover and remember back when...
0380973642|5.0|Neil Gaiman is, no doubt, one of our generation's better writers. While he has some interesting (read: weird) ideas of what makes a children's book or movie, no one will dispute his uncanny ability to tell a story in ways that show nothing short of ridiculous amounts of research (as is true with Anansi), a keen and full understanding of the cultures he is tapping into (American Gods, anyone? All its places are real, after all, and he went TO them to learn OF them, much like John Green with Paper Towns and Looking for Alaska)...     I first HEARD this book, rather I heard parts of it, when attending a brilliant reading by Neil, and wow, I've been entranced since... Shoggoth's Old Peculiar is always circulating around the shareware, and Mr. Gaiman has no shame in sharing to the Internet (he's a huge advocate for things like the Comic Book Defense Fund and Net Neutrality in general) what he already shared for free to hundreds! As fun as it is to READ, after you've read it, be sure to HEAR him tell you all about that walking tour of the British coastline.    This book suits young adults and old adults alike... short stories, yes, but full of punch and merely short because... he has a beautiful manner of only saying enough words to perfectly convey the info he needs to convey. It's kind of brilliant, really, that someone still pays attention enough to not fluff over. Maybe it was having to keep his Sandman words all within a certain bubble that made this ritual so religiously perfected by him, but in any case, his short tales don't leave you hanging, they don't embody a \\"wait, must leave room for part 14\\" like a Matrix type work... really, he says what gets the story told in the best way, even if he does do it far more succinctly in these tidbits of folklore than he did in the anthem of lore most were introduced to him through (American Gods, also recommended, though not my own favorite... my favorite... well, it's not a common first pick, so I'll leave it to my own little collection and let you discover Gaiman on your own).    It should NOT go without saying that the author of this brilliant little collection is also one of the kindest and most humble modern day achievers. He keeps his world a bit simple, honey bee harvesting, tomato farming (look at his devil horned tomato in his archives)... he stays true to the roots of a man seeking peace, solace, and ... fulfillment through means that most of us are far too hurried to take a look at and just enjoy. Seriously, how awesome is it that someone can sell a tomato for charity? :) I recommend this book to anyone, even those short of attention span, and recommend that you follow his blog if you have the time. It is quite refreshing to visit from time to time, even though my own world prevents me from such indulgence too terribly often.
B000OPPBEQ|5.0|[[ASIN:B000OPPBEQ The Ultimate Matrix Collection [Blu-ray]]]  I'm a big Matrix series fan so this was a great addition to my collection.  The package was amazing.  Loads of extras.  Total value for money.
4789009637|3.0|The Genki series is the textbook of choice at my college, and I've gone through alternating periods of absolutely hating and somewhat liking the text. Perhaps my learning style is just different than most people (or perhaps my language skills are slowing down in my old age), but I really can't see what all of the buzz about this book is.    In the interest of fairness, I'll list some of the positive points:  1) Genki does a nice job of introducing how ru and u verbs conjugate into polite forms at the beginning of the book.  2) Introduction of basic sentence particles (wa, e, ni, wo/o, etc.) is also good.  3) Explanations of stroke order and readings of kanji at the end of the book are clear, and the book even throws in a few words where you'd see the specific character used.  4) If you're willing to do some digging, there's a useful mnemonic device for learning te-forms of verbs.    These nice things, however, are offset by host of issues:  The most pressing issue is that of vocabulary, which is universally terrible throughout the book.  a) Genki's method of learning vocabulary is aggressive; you'll usually learn around 60 words per chapter.  b) It also suffers from what I like to call Phantom Vocabulary Syndrome: Genki will have you learn a word, say, in Chapter/Lesson 5, will not use it for three or four chapters, and will suddenly pull the rug out from under you and use the word once.  c) Although Genki ostensibly has unifying themes for each lesson (\\"A Day in Robert's Life\\", \\"After the Vacation\\", etc.), they are not used after the initial dialogue at the beginning of the lesson. Although some words may match with this theme, most don't. The book would benefit by using these lesson themes to help learn the vocab (more vacation words in the vacation lesson, more words about retail in the shopping section, you get the idea.)  d) Order in which the words are introduced is bizarre (learning the colors after you learn such useful words as \\"to do laundry\\" and \\"Municipal Hospital.\\" All I have to say is, \\"Huh?\\")  e) As other reviewers have mentioned, some words (letter, postage stamp) are almost obsolete; considering this was written in 1999, there's no excuse for words like \\"e-mail\\" not being introduced in the book at all.      There are also issues with formatting:  a) Contrary to what some other reviewers are saying, the use of furigana is more of a frustration than a help. Having to squint to see a tiny hiragana in 2-point font is not fun, especially when the kanji it is substituting is never introduced in the text. I totally understand that furigana are used in authentic Japanese, but the font size needs to be bigger, and they need to use them more sparingly, or they should just be omitted entirely.  b) In grammar lessons, very rarely do the authors come out and say exactly what the grammar is used for; aside from a few exceptions like \\"Degree Expessions\\", all of the grammar lesson titles are in Japanese and give the reader no idea what they're used for until they tackle the couple paragraphs of text attached to each lesson.  c) My teacher is rather put off by some of the kanji introduced, especially later in the book, saying that there are much more useful ones that could be learned first.  d) There aren't enough review exercises, and there are no cumulative review exercises to speak of.    I wish I could recommend another text, but I hardly consider myself an expert in Japanese textbooks; if anyone would like to recommend something, please feel free. This is the first one that I've used, so perhaps I'm being a bit too hard in my assessment of Genki. But in comparison with the quality of textbooks that I've used for learning other languages, Genki is rather mediocre.
B000WCDI5K|5.0|If you're wondering if this CD is right for you, ask yourself this: \\"Am I a true Killers Fan?\\" This CD is a contemplation of a bunch of songs, created and perfected by the one and only 'The Killers'. It includes many unheard songs, and renditions of a few popular ones. As a biased opinion, this CD was phenomenal. As a whole, a Killers fan would not be disappointed.
B000JJSRNY|4.0|Was thrilled to watch this video after having seen Placido Domingo live in New Orleans a few months ago. It was like having a record of his performance. I was also curious about Rolando Villazon. Who is going to be the next greatest living tenor? Placido holds that title in my mind, but Rolando is a contender. I like Netrebko, but I feel there are better sopranos out there than she. It was fun to see the audience during this performance. Good music is good music all over the world.
B000089CJI|5.0|I love this CD and have given it as a gift many times.  The lyrics are far from your typical love songs, but no so far out that you can't relate.  The melodies are catchy and unique.  Plan on just putting this on 'repeat' all day.
B00005UKKF|5.0|Sure Britney has had a couple of bad years but that does not make her a bad person or a bad entertainer, just watch this video and you'll know how hard a worker, entertainer and a person she is. I could tell that she wanted to give a great performance to her audiences and viewers. Britney Spears Live From Las Vegas is an awesome performance and to watch it on an 42\\" inch flat screen makes me feel like I'm right there standing right next to Elvis who just happened to be in the audience. Elvis Is In The House! I love all the songs she sang, the dancing and her costume changes, but most of all I just love Britney! This video of her performance shows us when she was at her peak as a performer before her life started to spiral out of control. I would recommend this dvd to anyone who love, like or just curious about Britney you will not be disappointed. Great songs, great camera footage, great performance and GREAT BRITNEY SPEARS!
B00000JNJ1|5.0|You cant appreciate why Ronnie Wood is in the Stones or Kenny Jones is in the Who or maybe why Ian McLagan has played with both until you listen to the FACES !! \\"TO BAD\\" would be a fitting acolade if you never saw a live show!! This band ROCKED! and to really put it altogether is Ronnie Lane who penned some of the most moving songs the band has written. Check out OHH LALA if you want a taste. This band has real roots, some may even remember SMALL FACES. If you think BLACK CROWES rock then give them a spin this is the Real Deal!
B001FB55N0|4.0|This is a silly kid's movie, but it was certainly entertaining for kids. In the film, the twists and turns of Adam Sandler's life eerily resemble the bedtime stories he tells his sister's children. The movie actually has a few surprises and genuinely funny moments. However, the movie seems too short and character developments hurried. It is never really clear why, for example, why the two main characters fall in love (they go from hating each other to nearly kissing in the span of a few minutes). I suppose this isn't the most important element for a kid's movie, but better character development might have made the movie appeal to a wider audience.
B001N26GFM|3.0|As big fans of \\"Life is Beautiful\\" and some other fine WWII movies, my family and I watched this film with high expectations. We've visited a concentration camp in Austria and still get chills remembering the gas chambers and quarry.<br /><br />The story is simple on the surface, yet full of ethical and emotional complexity. When a Nazi family moves from the big city so that the promoted father can help oversee a prison camp, his young son, Bruno, is unaware of the harsh realities involved. From sheer boredom, Bruno leaves the home's confines and discovers an electric barbed-wire fence at which he forms a friendship with the boy in the striped pajamas. This leads to some nice explorations of race and prejudice, as well as a harrowing example of innocence lost in hopes of strengthening a friendship.<br /><br />The story's ending is cause for discussion and controversy, but I was already struggling to appreciate the movie before this. Not only do the Nazis all have strong British accents, they also speak with British slang at points, even saying \\"by miles\\" when kilometers are the continental standard. I was willing to get past this due to the strong acting, but the physical landscape was also not German in appearance. I've spent months in Germany, and this looked nothing like the regions I visited--lacked pine trees, cliffs, mountains--and even the city at the beginning looks nothing like Berlin.<br /><br />With accents and scenery already breaking some of the magic for me, I was further distracted by the seeming freedom the boys had to chat at will along the fence. Despite one guard tower visible in the distance, no one seems to notice the intruder or the absent prisoner. In \\"Life is Beautiful,\\" a distinct fable-like quality allowed such things to work, but here I felt only duped and emotionally manipulated.<br /><br />The photography and acting were well done, the script had some nice moments of dialogue, but I was on the fence throughout, wanting to like it while finding too many sources of distraction.action.
B0000646UN|3.0|saving private ryan it is not!  however this is a good one for war history buffs.  there is very little material about the russo finnish conflict in ww2.  a small side show in the largest conflict in history. this gets a spot in my collection based on that alone. worth a look.
0156252856|5.0|This book came highly recommended to me and it did not disappoint. A timeless story of youth and childhood innocence. The translation was good too.
B001DJ69E8|5.0|I heard Immediate for the first time from someone's homemade trailer of New Moon and fell in love with it.  I was able to listen to the album at Amazon.com and I purchased it right away.  This is a beautiful New Age music that I know people can listen to from track 1 to 15.  If you like the music score from movies like 300 and Angels & Demons then you will love this cd.
B001FB55N0|4.0|BLU-RAY REVIEW: BEDTIME STORIES<br />MOVIE: 5/5<br />VIDEO QUALITY: 4.5/5<br />AUDIO: 5/5<br />EXTRAS: 3/5<br />OVERALL: 4/5<br /><br />MOVIE:<br />Adam Sandler is a funny guy, but I was a tad afraid to watch this after seeing that train wreck You Don't Mess With The Zohan in the theater. Seeing that movie, I lost a lot of respect for him. I kept wanting to leave the theater, but I convinced myself to stay, only to realize I shouldn't have.<br /><br />Anyways, I swallowed my pride and rented this movie tonight in Blu-Ray. I'm really glad I did actually. It looks like all is forgiven with Mister Sandler.<br /><br />Skeeter Bronson is a failing Utility man at a luxury hotel. His (overly eco-friendly) sister is leaving town for a week, so he watches over them for a week. He is to watch them at night when in the day, a friend of hers watches in the day. It seems as it they have not so good first impressions. However, they settle bad first impressions with Bedtime stories he tells. The stories are cute, fun, fantastical, and imaginative. And the funny thing is that they relate to his life- the hotel arses, him trying to win the management, the OCD boss, and much more.<br /><br />I liked the movie a lot actually. It was funny, it was cute. It even had that classic Journey song Don't Stop Believin'. The special effects were great too! They looked very realistic and were very well done. And Sandler was hilarious too. So if you like the Sandler-type humor, be sure to see it.<br /><br />BLU-RAY:<br /><br />-VIDEO QUALITY: 4.5/5<br />The movie has a spectacular presentation. The video quality looks great especially in the story scenes. The best one weeing with Skeeto (I do mean the Sci-Fi one). The reason it gets half a point docked off is because of a slight grain in the few of a conversation scenes. But after a while it's unnoticeable.<br /><br />-SOUND QUALITY: 5/5<br />The sound quality is excellent. The sound will blow you away, especially the ancient Rome scene. The music is quite mind blowing too. The 5.1 is great too. Good use of the back speakers too, during the story sequences you really feel like the crowd is surrounding you. It's a good release for sure.<br /><br />-EXTRAS: 3/5:<br />A shame, really, about the extras. With the exception of the deleted scenes, they're very short. For one, we don't get a commentary track here. There's one about the space scene which is interesting but not really much. The one about Bugsy is wasted potential too. The one about the kids is OK, but WHERE'S A DOCUMENTARY ABOUT THE MOVIE? On the bright side, we have some cool deleted scenes, as well as some hilarious outtakes.<br /><br />OVERALL: This is a good movie that's worth it for sure if you love Adam Sandler you'll like this movie. As for the Blu-Ray, it's worth it for the quality alone.uring the story sequences you really feel like the crowd is surrounding you. It's a good release for sure.    -EXTRAS: 3/5:   A shame, really, about the extras. With the exception of the deleted scenes, they're very short. For one, we don't get a commentary track here. There's one about the space scene which is interesting but not really much. The one about Bugsy is wasted potential too. The one about the kids is OK, but WHERE'S A DOCUMENTARY ABOUT THE MOVIE? On the bright side, we have some cool deleted scenes, as well as some hilarious outtakes.    OVERALL: This is a good movie that's worth it for sure if you love Adam Sandler you'll like this movie. As for the Blu-Ray, it's worth it for the quality alone.
B001AVEJ1Y|5.0|I am a huge STAR TREK fan.  I started watching it with my mother when I was around four.  I have loved every incarnation, every movie, every captain.  Yes, some versions and movies are better than others, but, all in all, any STAR TREK is better than no STAR TREK, IMHO.<br /><br />This new vision of STAR TREK is simply outstanding.  It is everything I wanted it to be and more.  Director J. J. Abrams has done a remarkable job both sticking to the canons for us fans and making a film for the general audience.  This is STAR TREK at a whole new level.<br /><br />The ship set is perfection.  This is the Enterprise that Gene Roddenberry would have created if he had had today's technology and effects.  I completely fell in love with this ship, and hope to join the crew any day now.  The special effects are seamless, fantastical, and true works of art.  The action and adventure (and what would STAR TREK be without action and adventure) are fast-paced, thrilling, and tight, and keep you on the edge of your seat.<br /><br />The casting is inspired.  All of the actors bear a remarkable resemblance in appearance, mannerisms, and feel to their original counterparts.  Chris Pine is an excellent young, rebellious, flying-by-the-seat-of-his-pants James T. Kirk.  We see and easily understand how this brash young kid develops into the revered Captain Kirk.  Zachary Quinto is an amazing Spock.  He looks and sounds just like a young Leonard Nimory, yet makes this iconic character his own.  Simon Pegg as the irascible  Scotty, Karl Urban as the good Dr. McCoy, Zoe Saldana as the mysterious Uhura, and John Cho as Sulu all do a superior job bringing their beloved characters to life.  And a delightful surprise is Anton Yeltin as Pavel Chekov.  Chekov's character was originally an afterthought, but not any more.  The entire cast works wonderfully together as cohesive unit, which was always the draw of the original series.  And with this cast, we get to learn origins of this young crew and see how these raw cadets became a team of comrades.<br /><br />That brings us to the plot of this STAR TREK film.  Yes, friends, the timeline has been changed...and it doesn't bother me in the least.  The best STAR TREK episodes of any of the series have involved time travel and alternate timelines, and this movie is no exception.  It gives the franchise a chance to take some risks and try some new things, and that is what STAR TREK has always been about.  As this new timeline continues, it will be interesting to see how different and how similar events will be.  I, for one, am looking forward to see how these changes will be handled.<br /><br />This eleventh STAR TREK film has all the heart and soul of the original, a fresh, new, updated look, and a new direction.  The drama, comedy, adventure, and vision of the original are all still present and accounted for.  Let this STAR TREK \\"go boldly where no\\" Trek \\"has gone before.\\"  MOST HIGHLY RECOMMENDED.adets became a team of comrades.      That brings us to the plot of this STAR TREK film.  Yes, friends, the timeline has been changed...and it doesn't bother me in the least.  The best STAR TREK episodes of any of the series have involved time travel and alternate timelines, and this movie is no exception.  It gives the franchise a chance to take some risks and try some new things, and that is what STAR TREK has always been about.  As this new timeline continues, it will be interesting to see how different and how similar events will be.  I, for one, am looking forward to see how these changes will be handled.    This eleventh STAR TREK film has all the heart and soul of the original, a fresh, new, updated look, and a new direction.  The drama, comedy, adventure, and vision of the original are all still present and accounted for.  Let this STAR TREK \\"go boldly where no\\" Trek \\"has gone before.\\"  MOST HIGHLY RECOMMENDED.
0385504209|1.0|I don't like to judge books without reading them, and sadly I did finish this sophomoric (is there such a thing as freshmanic?) work of \\"literature.\\" Dave Barry said it better than anyone else by \\"writing\\" his own version in a column that was not only wittier, but more engrossing -- all in about 1/2 page.  When you have to stoop to cheap cliffhanger tricks at the end of every chapter to make certain the reader doesn't just stop reading and go play on the swingset, you might as well put down the pen and go work in the yard.<br /><br />This book simply confirms the dreaful state of affairs produced by the pitiful public education system we're saddled with here in the US.
B000V1Y43W|5.0|Product arrived on time and as described. Will definitely do business with this company again. Thank you.
B001AVEJ1Y|5.0|Kudos to both crews. The legendary crew of The Enterprise and the crew that made this film in the Star Trek Signature that been treasured throughout the galaxy of her fans. How the writers were able to uphold that tradition while boldly going in a new direction/both at the same time seems....well,.. a no win scenario. Add to that, the characters holding true to the original characters. Add to it their coming of age as the crew together for the first time/at the same time/in the crucible of fire, ...well,...you have to to boldly go and... join the crew my freinds.    A new exemplar bar has been set for you by the new crew(s) above, upholding not only honor but the traditions of the trailblazers before them.    Therefore, a new toast is in order to the new exemplar bar, \\"Heres to the wine, women & horses, and those that mount them\\". - Bones
B0018M6J90|5.0|This is only the second film where I really paid any attention to Frances McDormand's work. As I have begun to work my way through her films, I find she was in a number of others I liked, but usually in a supporting role. I first saw her as a lead in Fargo, like most other people. Both her role as Marge Gunderson and the interviews in the extras on the DVD got me very interested in her and her work, hence my current journey through her films.    Miss Pettigrew (McDormand) is a down-on-her-luck governess in 1939 London, who by a twist of fate finds herself thrust into the \\"social set\\" of the times by way of ill-gotten employment with rising starlet, Delysia LaFosse (Amy Adams). The entire film takes place over a 24 hour period as Miss Pettigrew tries to navigate and survive the emotional waters of this turbulent social scene on the brink of World War II.    The pace of the film just about leaves one breathless, but pulls one along in a way that few films can. The cast is outstanding, and the on screen chemistry between them is of an extraordinarily high quality. The scenes between McDormand and Ciaran Hinds are particularly amazing. I have seldom seen the power and intensity that these two can create with just silence and facial expressions. The alley scene near the end fairly scintillates!    Amy Adams (LaFosse) and McDormand also have incredible energy together, and their scenes, though reminiscent of the work of Lucille Ball and others, are completely fresh and intense. Lee Pace, Mark Strong, Shirley Henderson, and Tom Payne add their considerable talents as well. (I do wish they had included a gag reel, as it was unfair to mention in the featurette how funny Stephanie Cole (Miss Holt) was between takes without letting us see for ourselves.)    The sets are great and the music wonderful (if you like swing, which I do).    The comedy is madcap, punctuated by deeply emotional interludes, and this is simply great film making any way you look at it. I got it from Neflix and kept watching it over and over (twelve times at last count), \\"snake-fascinated,\\" you might say (watch the movie, you'll get it). I finally broke down and bought a copy so Netflix could have theirs back.    This is a great film that I feel is destined to become a classic. I think it is Oscar time for McDormand again, and probably some of the others as well. A movie this good is a very, very rare thing. Everyone involved should be extremely proud, Oscar or not.    By way of indulging my current infatuation with McDormand, I have watched this back to back with Laurel Canyon (yes, several times), just to enjoy the polarity (as in 180 degrees) of the characters she plays in each. There is just something about her that is soooo compelling.......sigh...    Get it. Watch it. Love it. They don't make movies any better than this. Very highly recommended.
B000LE16VW|5.0|I can't tell you how much i loved this movie and the time it was released.Patrick swayze will always be the leading man in my life as far as romance and fine acting..along with Demi moore and the Hillarious Woopi Goldberg the cast makes this Movie a magical,romantic,hillarious thriller.I can watch it over and over again and still laugh and cry everytime...             doen't miss this one it's a treasure
0307269752|3.0|It embarrasses me a little, in light of all the praise that has been directed to this novel, to admit I really didn't get it.  Yes, the writing has a lovely, haunting quality to it. And yes, there are some very suspenseful parts that kept my interest going, but at the end I felt a little let down and wondering what all the hoopla was about.  Maybe I need to go back and give it another look sometime.
0439023483|4.0|I enjoyed The Hunger Games from beginning to end. There were a million different ways that this book could have gone, and I was never sure which path would be chosen. Collins's writing was gripping and her characters complex; the main character, Katniss, does some things that could not be looked at a honorable, but could anyone say they would not act in such a way if they were put in her situation?     The Hunger Games explores violence and its effects on people's lives. Throughout the book I was in shock that a country would allow such cruel things as those that happen to  Panem's citizens to occur. Once I sat back and thought it over some, I realized that maybe these events were not as far fetched as one would hope.      This book set me thinking, and I was very impressed up until the last page when I saw that the book's ending was a cliffhanger. This struck me as an obnoxious way to end it since it basically forces everyone to read the next book to get any resolution. However, as long as the reader is prepared to read the sequel, I would recommend this book to anyone who wants a thought provoking, action packed book where the tension never runs out.
B000W93CHC|5.0|I bought &#34;Pillars of the Earth&#34;, in truth, because of the neat looking cover design and found it a very entertaining novel.  Follet appears to have taken great pains to be historically accurate in both Pillars, and in this sequel. I found this novel to be just as entertaining, and would recommend it to anyone who is into old time Europe.
B000NIVJHM|5.0|I saw this movie 11 times in the theater at the age of 12 and it changed my life...I remember it was one of the first movies released on to vhs tape and it took over a year or so to be put out..But it was one of my favorites and I would pay that price again in a heartbeat to watch Patrick swayze Dance over and over again..It was an ispirational movie with love,danceing and a certain period of time now frozen on this classic dvd..I fell in love with Parick swayze then and today he remains my handsome talented leading man who could Dance like a dream...
1400079179|2.0|I don't know which is worse, Brown's writing or the fact that he based the book on something that was proven to be a total hoax.  It boogles the mind that Brown stands behind the material as factual when there is direct evidence that story was a hoax.  If you do any real background research, you'll find out quickly that the Priory of Scion was an organization created by 3 Frenchmen in the 1950's.  The individuals who pulled this prank freely admit they did this as a joke and never expected it to go so far.  Enter Dan Brown, a second class writer who falls for a previously disclosed hoax.  I cannot believe that so many people (mainly Americans) bought right in to an openly fabricated story.  On top of the story being completely fictional, the writing style is dreadful.  Do yourself a favor and read something by a legitimate writer, you'll be better entertained.
B0024F08RO|5.0|Prison Break was a full-circle of entertainment show:  suspenseful, dramatic, humorous and action-packed.  The characters exuded personalities which could charm you, endear you, excite you or repel you.  We will greatly miss the sparks between the characters, the emotions they shared and getting to know their stories as they evolved.
B00005MNP8|5.0|Though it may seem cliched to call \\"Parallel Lines\\" Blondie's best album, it's certainly up there for me. All of the tracks are great, with absolutely no fillers.<br />I have this album not only on CD, but also on vinyl, and I'm glad that I do. Each provides a separate listening experience unique to its own. I could listen to the album in its entirety, for it really fits every mood and never grows old.<br />\\"Parallel Lines\\" starts with the pounding \\"Hanging on the Telephone,\\" and then delves into the hit \\"One Way or Another.\\" Now that's a start that's going to draw people in. \\"Parallel Lines\\" also shows the band's soft side with \\"Fade Away and Radiate\\" and a Phil Spector sound with \\"Sunday Girl,\\" not to mention the disco-y \\"Heart of Glass.\\" Great song after great song, this is one of my favorite albums.
B00005B1W7|5.0|I read QBVII (Leon Uris) years ago when it first came out.  And I saw it on TV as a mini-series.  Both were wonderful.  The TV series was well done with great actors, great sets and gripping historical realities. This is one of Anthony Hopkins' very early movies and he does a bang-up job as the doctor.  Ben Gazzara as a jaded writer-turned-passionate is wonderful.  Lee Remick, Juliet Mills, Jack Hawkins, Anthony Quayle--all superb.  Powerful and addictive.
B001M5UDGS|4.0|Damn - Doogey Hauser can really sing!  He can really sing! and the tunes are catchy, I put it up there with Little Shop of Horrors.
B001PPLIEG|2.0|I wanted very much to like this movie, but could not.  I watched it three times trying to find some reason to rate it more highly.  It is only Daniel Craig's excellence in portraying Bond that earns the movie a second star.  The plot is non-existent, the characters unengaging, and the action is impossible to follow as the scenes shift all over the globe.  Killing off Mathis and chucking his body into a dumpster was an incredibly pointless bit.  As others have suggested, the film was more like a compilation of action sequences from the cutting room floor of Casino Royale, which, in my mind, may be the best Bond of all time.  And I saw Dr. No in its theatrical release, so I have observed a lot of different treatments of Fleming's character within their generational context.  I hope Craig is given better material to work with in the next one.  This one crashed aand burned.
B001TH16DI|4.0|I had pre-ordered this item, and then saw some early reviews around the web stating that the video quality wasn't up to snuff. I canceled my order, and put the discs on my Netflix queue instead to evaluate them before purchase.<br /><br />Well, I re-ordered the set. Let me tell you why.<br /><br />The Films:<br /><br />The Trek films, to my mind, are a very good capstone to the Original Series Trek characters' stories. In them, we are presented with a very good \\"trilogy\\" of sorts, ST2-4, and a few other films that retain the thematic elements of the others whilst enjoying varying quality of story.<br /><br />The Motion Picture (ST1) is unfairly maligned in my eyes. It very ably presents a story of characters re-uniting after a hiatus, with all the varying emotional consequences of that separation. Grafted to this is a relatively high-concept science fiction tale of an artificial intelligence seeking its creator. If this film had been cut by 20 minutes (very long effects sequences which seem a deliberate paean to Kubrick's \\"2001\\"), people would be hailing it as a masterpiece.<br /><br />ST2: The Wrath of Khan is, of course, the public's pick as the greatest Trek film. It's hard to argue. A good villain, a deep emotional core, a slam-bang space battle, and some great performances make this a film that doesn't really misfire.<br /><br />ST3: The Search For Spock is the middle act of a \\"trilogy\\", and really works in my opinion. It has a lot of action, a good dose of humor, and a lot of heart.<br /><br />ST4: The Voyage Home is unbridled fun from start to finish. Lighter in tone than the preceding two films, it still captures the emotional core of the story, and brings the trilogy to a satisfying conclusion.<br /><br />ST5: The Final Frontier is the black sheep of the family. It introduces an unfortunate \\"retcon\\" character, does some unrealistic things in its quest to reach the \\"center of the galaxy,\\" and posits an unsatisfying sci-fi story about \\"finding god.\\" The characterizations are still generally good, though, and there are plenty of charming moments for fans.<br /><br />ST6: The Undiscovered Country is a return to form of sorts, but I think would not be regarded as highly if it had not followed ST5. A cold-war allegory, it has some good action, but suffers from some silly sequences in the middle (a prison planet and a murder mystery spring to mind). It does have Captain Sulu, though, which is hard to dislike.<br /><br />The Blu-Ray:<br /><br />Well, first I'll list the negatives:<br /><br />We are not presented with the \\"directors editions\\" from the last DVD box set. Thus we miss some new effects shots from ST1, one very good bit of back story from ST2, and a few negligible cuts from the rest of the films (mainly 6).<br /><br />Digital Noise Reduction has been applied to at least the final 4 films - and the results are not always positive. Grain has been reduced from the films with negative results - some very fine detail (such as fine facial wrinkles) is scrubbed away also. It probably will not be noticeable on displays under 40 inches - and I imagine it would be quite noticeable on front projection screens above 80 inches. I personally noticed it in spots on my 50\\" display, especially on Star Trek 4. ST4 comes off by far the worst, with many faces looking waxy - and other scenes being artificially pumped up by edge enhancement to compensate (check out Kirk and Spock walking by the boat dock before Gillian picks them up). I would say ST4 and ST6 suffer the most by the out of control noise reduction. You can really see it when smoke is in a scene - check out the scene in ST6 when Kirk smokes a cigar. As the smoke wafts in front of his face, you can see pores and lines under the eyes that are absent in the very next shot sans smoke. It's that extra little layer of detail we could have had, and it's missing.<br /><br />The double dip conundrum: we are certain to be presented with a new set, although I will go on record bettingit won't be before Xmas 2010, if even that soon. Paramount will be putting out the Abrams film this year, Seasons 2-3 of TOS this year, and the TNG movies probably next year. Surely there will be a complete box set at some point, incorporating the \\"directors edition\\" footage, but I would guess that this will not be released until the 2nd Abrams film hits theaters. It seems to takes upwards of a year to re-transfer and restore a film, the Directors footage has to be re-shot in 1080p, and logically, Paramount would not cannibalize their current retail SKUs by so quickly re-releasing them. So I would guess 2012 would be the soonest we'd see the \\"directors editions\\" with new, hopefully less DNR'ed transfers.<br /><br />All right, now the good news:<br /><br />These films have never looked this good. NEVER. ST1 is revelatory - there are colors I've never seen, and DNR is not obtrusive at all - fine detail seems quite evident. ST2, which apparently had the latest transfer, does not suffer from excessive DNR. ST3-6 are the films that have the most aggressive noise reduction, but it is only noticeable in select scenes (I am watching on a 50\\" 1080p display). For the most part, detail is quite strong (especially for movies shot in the 1980s), color depth blows away the DVDs (you really should compare them - prepare to be dazzled), and sound quality is excellent. The worst looking of these films look as good as the best cable TV HD. The best of them (1 and 2) are competitive with some of the better Blu-Rays on the market now. Just to correct some misinformation from previous reviews, all the films are presented in 1080p. None of them are 1080i, or anything less. Also, all of the films are truly high definition. They are not some sort of pseudo-HD, as one particularly egregious review has claimed.<br /><br />So it's hit or miss in terms of A/V, but light years ahead of the DVDs. The biggest gains are in color - the DVDs are positively muddy by comparison. ST 1, 2, and 5 generally look pretty good detail-wise. The other films suffer from waxy faces - they have strong mid-range detail (like cloth textures or scenery), but weak fine detail (like facial wrinkles). It is aggravating, because the films look so good in general, that the little details are washed away.<br /><br />Extras are VERY strong. Each film gets new commentaries, and most retain a second commentary as well. MANY new documentaries supplement the older ones which are retained for this set (I would estimate about 100 minutes per film combining old and new content). \\"Library Computer\\" offers interactive text data while you watch the films. BD Live functions include the ability to create and take fan quizzes with your remote and internet connection. The one giant new inclusion, \\"The Captains Summit,\\" is presented on its own disc in full HD quality. This is a 70 minute round table, hosted by Whoopie (Guinan) Goldberg, featuring actors William Shatner, Leonard Nimoy, Patrick Stewart(Picard) and Jonathan Frakes (Riker). Wow! It is oddly titled, and I wish that they had included Kate Mulgrew (Janeway), Scott Bakula (Archer), and Avery Brooks (Sisko). The interview was a bit directionless at times, with Goldberg failing to keep her guests on track. Nonetheless, the actors are generally funny and at times engaging and insightful, and true fans will eat this up.<br /><br />Atypically for CBS/Paramount, the packaging for this set is very nice. A cardboard box with a plastic slipcover holds the Blu-Ray cases, which are all of the \\"slim\\" variety. Thus, the set takes up the space of only about 3 regular Blu-Ray cases, despite having seven discs. Separate cases, though, allow you to lend out one disc, and there is never any fumbling around with the elaborate multi-disc cases that often comprise these sets.<br /><br />******<br /><br />In summary, it comes down to a value proposition. At Amazon's reduced price, you're getting the theatrical cuts of the films, better than they've ever looked, for $11.65 apiece. I know I've paid more for films I care about a lot less. There probably won't be superior presentations of them for at least 3 years. So for a serious Trekkie, the math is simple. This is a purchase.<br /><br />For a general sci-fi fan with an HD setup, it's a maybe. If you're the type who's willing to buy \\"Chronicles of Riddick\\" for $20 just to have something HD to watch with spaceships and explosions, it's hard to see the argument against this set. If you're a new Trek fan who wants to dive in, this value is hard to beat. If you don't care much about Trek, this might be a pass, since intimate knowledge and interest for the characters really helps your enjoyment of the films.<br /><br />The haters need to calm down. No, this is not a perfect set. But at this price, it is still a very strong value. The missing material is not really integral to enjoying the films (unlike the LOTR set without the Extended Edition material - now THAT is a significant loss). If you want to see the films for the next 3 or 4 years at their best, this is the set to get. Otherwise, you're stuck with the dull, muddy DVD transfers for at least that long. When it comes time for the double-dip in 2012, the only ones that will probably warrant a re-purchase are 1 and 2, since they gained the most from the \\"Directors Edition\\" material.<br /><br />I would have rated this 3 stars had it been significantly more expensive, or had significantly fewer extras. But for $11-$13 (depending on the set's price) per movie, I'm willing to take the plunge, come what may. I think this set is a worthwhile purchase at either price point, and I would have placed the order at 79.99 as well.cenery), but weak fine detail (like facial wrinkles). It is aggravating, because the films look so good in general, that the little details are washed away.     Extras are VERY strong. Each film gets new commentaries, and most retain a second commentary as well. MANY new documentaries supplement the older ones which are retained for this set (I would estimate about 100 minutes per film combining old and new content). \\"Library Computer\\" offers interactive text data while you watch the films. BD Live functions include the ability to create and take fan quizzes with your remote and internet connection. The one giant new inclusion, \\"The Captains Summit,\\" is presented on its own disc in full HD quality. This is a 70 minute round table, hosted by Whoopie (Guinan) Goldberg, featuring actors William Shatner, Leonard Nimoy, Patrick Stewart(Picard) and Jonathan Frakes (Riker). Wow! It is oddly titled, and I wish that they had included Kate Mulgrew (Janeway), Scott Bakula (Archer), and Avery Brooks (Sisko). The interview was a bit directionless at times, with Goldberg failing to keep her guests on track. Nonetheless, the actors are generally funny and at times engaging and insightful, and true fans will eat this up.    Atypically for CBS/Paramount, the packaging for this set is very nice. A cardboard box with a plastic slipcover holds the Blu-Ray cases, which are all of the \\"slim\\" variety. Thus, the set takes up the space of only about 3 regular Blu-Ray cases, despite having seven discs. Separate cases, though, allow you to lend out one disc, and there is never any fumbling around with the elaborate multi-disc cases that often comprise these sets.    ******    In summary, it comes down to a value proposition. At Amazon's reduced price, you're getting the theatrical cuts of the films, better than they've ever looked, for $11.65 apiece. I know I've paid more for films I care about a lot less. There probably won't be superior presentations of them for at least 3 years. So for a serious Trekkie, the math is simple. This is a purchase.    For a general sci-fi fan with an HD setup, it's a maybe. If you're the type who's willing to buy \\"Chronicles of Riddick\\" for $20 just to have something HD to watch with spaceships and explosions, it's hard to see the argument against this set. If you're a new Trek fan who wants to dive in, this value is hard to beat. If you don't care much about Trek, this might be a pass, since intimate knowledge and interest for the characters really helps your enjoyment of the films.    The haters need to calm down. No, this is not a perfect set. But at this price, it is still a very strong value. The missing material is not really integral to enjoying the films (unlike the LOTR set without the Extended Edition material - now THAT is a significant loss). If you want to see the films for the next 3 or 4 years at their best, this is the set to get. Otherwise, you're stuck with the dull, muddy DVD transfers for at least that long. When it comes time for the double-dip in 2012, the only ones that will probably warrant a re-purchase are 1 and 2, since they gained the most from the \\"Directors Edition\\" material.     I would have rated this 3 stars had it been significantly more expensive, or had significantly fewer extras. But for $11-$13 (depending on the set's price) per movie, I'm willing to take the plunge, come what may. I think this set is a worthwhile purchase at either price point, and I would have placed the order at 79.99 as well.
B000000OUJ|5.0|This is simply the best Wu-Tang album ever. It has all the elements of great old school hip hop. You owe it to yourself to own this one.
0375842209|5.0|I have a confession to make. I thought this book was overhyped and over-talked. I mean, everyone just loves this book and when I read the first fifty pages, I was literally bored to tears. I don't understand that about myself after all, this book is about a girl who loves books. And it is a historical piece too. So I put it aside and got busy reading other books until someone in one of my bookclubs convinced me to pick it back up again and tell me to keep plugging away. So I did. (She really made a compelling argument about it.)     This time, I couldn't put it down. I couldn't read it at night since there were some disturbing scenes in there (it happens to me every time I pick up a book on the Holocaust ... I get too emotionally involved and it carries over into my dreams). But I was taken in by the drama unfolding during World War II in Germany. These are people who are just trying to live their lives as best as they could, covering up their doubts as to what their leader was doing and yet trying to survive. They were caught up in a scheme greater than their own. Then the book narrows down to a friendship between a Jewish man hiding in a basement and a little girl who has lost all she has ever known before taken in by her foster family. The little girl Liesel is also a book thief. She stole her very first book when her little brother died. It was a book called \\"The Gravedigger's Book.\\" From there, she learned to read, learned to live and survive while hungry ... always hungry for food and for mental nourishment that only her books can provide her. The Jew that was hiding in her basement, Max survived the bitter cold by writing down his story and encouraging Liesel to write her own. Together, along with Hans, Liesel's foster father, they created a story and meaning out of their own lives during this turblent time.     Narrated by Death (which, I must admit, did make me wary of reading this book as I really do not like macrabre reading), this book moved me beyond tears. Death's descriptions of his sorrow for all the souls he had to carry away (and how awfully tired he was ... in spite of what people may think, he really does not care for war because it is more work for him) ... was aptly described and definitely a fresh viewpoint ... one that I would have never considered.     This book really should not be regulated to just the Young Adults sections of the bookstore or the library. Really. It is so much more mature than young adult ... it is a must-read for all readers who desire to learn more about the Holocaust and how it not only affects the Jews, but also the neighbors and townsfolks who live among the Jews. The ugliness that is the Holocaust affected everyone and still affects them to this day. This book describes that so well. Not only does it focus on the horrors of war, it focuses on people's will to learn and to live ... and how important the written word is on our lives.     This is a must-read for all book clubs. There is a wealth of information in here that avid book lovers can dissect it for hours and come away with an awe that Zusak has inspired in the readers.     5/16/09
B0020MKTOS|5.0|This is a phenomenally good film about an elderly man who can come to see things in a new light.  While I think it is too easy to describe him as a racist, he is of the glib, crusty, irascible curmugeon type.  Indeed, he reminds me of my father - hard-edged and seemingly offensive (some people would get hurt and insulted, to be sure), but in fact with a good heart and natural nobility.  Eastwood plays it with unmistakable charisma.  I marvelled at the skill with which Eastwood pealed away layers of his character, from his crudeness to his soul-searching and ethic of community.<br /><br />The situation is that, his wife having died and his sons alienated, he is wondering what to do with himself.  He is rude to his Hmong neighbors, but comes to see them as truly worthy people in need of help and nurturing.  His evolution from suspicion and a playful hostility with the Hmong grandmother are totally believable.  In particular, he befirends a boy who is at a crossroads, even taking him to a barber in order to teach him how to trade manly insults.  Their chemistry as it evolves is beautiful, to the point of bringing tears to my eyes.  When his plans to help go awry, he hatches a very clever plan.<br /><br />I watched this twice and was moved each time and noticed more detail.  It is a masterpiece and an unusual story for Hollywood to do.  Warmly recommended.
B00127RAJY|5.0|I never use to workout before I did this DVD because I never got the results I wanted and always gave up.  I've always been about 20-30 lbs overweight and uncomfortable with my body and have gone on countless diets and put on and off the weight--- but always gaining it all back in the end.  But Jillian motivates you and keeps you at it.  Let me start out by saying she is not demeaning in any way and all of those people complaining about her \\"drill sergeant\\" behavior need to just toughen up haha.  Or I don't know--maybe I just like her because she's changed my body completely with the 30 day shred and I just started watching the Biggest Loser this season. I can't say a bad word against her except for maybe when I'm working out and feel like I am going to die, but I always forgive her after when I look in the mirror!    I started gaining muscle and getting more toned and was able to get through the DVD completely without taking a break or getting a sip of water after only 3 days.  It's amazing to see how your endurance improves in such a short time.  The first day I did this I had to stop and catch my breath within the first 5 minutes!  You know it's working when it transforms you from the inside out.  Because of Jillian and the 30 day shred I now workout 5-6 times a week.  I have been doing this workout along with Bob's Biggest Loser yoga workout, added cardio on the treadmill, and a moderately, healthy diet and I've gotten great results in only 1 1/2 months!  I've lost inches and gone down at least one whole pants size! I don't own a scale yet, so I cant tell you how much weight I've lost but I think it's more important to measure by inches anyways especially since you're gaining muscle. Let me just tell you that the fact that I am working out this much and being this healthy is a big deal because I have never had this kind of motivation until now!  I recently just purchased Jillian's two other dvds-- Banish Fat and Boost metabolism and No More Trouble Zones and I can't wait to try them and see what they do for me! Thank you Jillian for changing my life and outlook on working out and being healthy!
B000TXZVGQ|5.0|For anyone who enjoyed even a single episode of My So Called Life, buying the series is completely worth it!
0316017922|3.0|Malcolm Gladwell knows how to tell stories and capture people's attention.  He is so good at it that one is tempted to think that OUTLIERS is a better book than it is.  Extremely enjoyable to read, one can easily mistake the pleasure of reading it for something more substantive and meaningful.  But a closer look finds it to be rather hollow.    In OUTLIERS, Gladwell explores why some people become the super-achievers.  The Bill Gates, The Beatles, people like that.  Far from coming out of nowhere through sheer grit, determination, talent and intelligence, such outliers are products of particular environments that, upon closer examination, allow untapped skills to flower in ways that they would not absent such environments.  Gladwell's examination of the small, combined factors that allow such outliers to rise is indeed interesting reading.    But take a closer look.  Did anyone really doubt that, even for the super-achievers, environment, culture and a myriad of discrete life circumstances was irrelevant?  Seriously, would we have expected Bill Gates to be where he is if he did not have access to a computer at a young age?  Would we have expected The Beatles to have hit the top without lots and lots of practice?  Gladwell does not present his main thesis as completely original, but he downplays significantly just how much of his stories are simply detailed studies of things we really did know all along.    Certain of his critics have pointed out that Gladwell can cherry pick his examples to meet his topic.  But he can also pick his perspective to make things appear more dramatic than they really are.  A personal example.  My dad was a bombardier during World War II, an extremely dangerous job.  If an enemy plane took out the bombardier, the plane could not drop its bombs with precision on the military target.  Fighter pilots therefore shot for the bombardier, who had the distinction of being in the most exposed part of the plane, the bubble at the front.  Of the, maybe 50, bombardiers in his original squadron, my dad was one of two that made it to the end.  What an incredible coincidence that I am here!  Man, really a stroke of luck.    But look at it two other ways.  One, if I were not here, you would not be reading this.  My dad's survival only seems like a long shot because I was born and can tell you about it.  Two, and perhaps more important, is that the vignette loses a lot by focusing, not on me and my existence and working backwards, but starting at the beginning and looking at the big picture.  World War II was very big, with an awful lot of people dying during it.  Simply given the numbers, it is not surprising that some discrete group, a bombardier squadron, an army troop, a village, suffered near total destruction, with only a couple of survivors.  If those survivors ever had kids, it no longer jars us to maybe encounter one.  Gladwell often takes the present snapshot and works backwards, creating a picture that seems more incredible than it is.    It is just not that surprising that in a world of billions, certain individuals, highly intelligent and talented to begin with, will, through happenstance, find themselves in just the right conditions to become an outlier.  In fact, it would be exceptionally surprising if this were not the case.  After all, if some event is a billion to one longshot, we should expect six to seven such events to occur every day on this planet.  Gladwell simply sidesteps the point that all of us are the product of thousands, perhaps millions, of individual factors coming together in our past.  We are all special, not in the Lake Wobegon manner in which every child is above average, but simply by being products of factors unique to any one person.  It is simply mundane to point out that, given the numbers, some of us will fall far outside the average on some definable outcome.    Yes, some of Gladwell's practical suggestions are worth taking seriously.  We should focus on those cultural factors that hold some back while letting others succeed.  But at other times, and this is especially true when he discusses the myriad factors that allowed his own mother to obtain an education, Gladwell advocates a degree of social engineering that would make Maoists blanch.  In the end, OUTLIERS is quick, witty and entertaining.  It does not, however, provide much in terms of anything original.
B00127RAJY|5.0|Literally, the best video workout I have ever done.  Each workout is 20 minutes and it's the most intense 20 minutes you'll ever have.  I typically feel I have to head to the gym for 1-2 hours to make a difference.  Short on time, a 20 min workout, I have no excuses. Keep up with it, and you'll see results very quickly! Fantastic job by Jillian Michaels.
0810970686|5.0|My son really loves this whole series, so I picked the latest up for his B-day.  He couldn't put it down and finished it in a few hours.
B001FB4W0W|5.0|True Blood is the best of 2009. It brings a whole new view of vampires. Creating a whole new story line T.V. has never aired before getting the whole series isn't gonna be something to regret!!!!!!!!!!!
B000LRY9PY|5.0|You may not remember her name as easy as you will remember her Music....  Corinne Bailey Rae has a unique mesmerizing sound that puts you in another state of mind. I highly recommend her CD guaranteed not to be disappointing.
B00197POXG|5.0|i love dr quinn!  i used to watch it when i was little and watching it now is just as special!
B000JBWWQ0|4.0|From the Spanish land grants and the Moors (the shangri-la like jungles). To the 9th and maybe 10th scrolls this movie is a sleeper, and leaves you with something to chew on.
B000FDVOXO|5.0|This movie is loaded with action, we love it, we hope Arnold would be back with a T4.
0141439513|5.0|There aren't too many books that I absolutely never get tired of reading, but this is definitely one of them.  Fabulous characters and the perfect romance.  Even though it's become a bit cliche with all of the take-offs on the market right now, I will always love this book.
B001HBX91S|5.0|I'm going to be honest, I only purchased The Blu Ray Experience: Opera and Ballet Highlights because I wanted to test out my new blu-ray player and the price of the disc was very inexpensive but I was not disappointed. When they called this \\"The Blu Ray Experience\\", that was an understatement. The HD picture and sound quality of the video is phenomenal and really brings the performances to life. I feel like I was actually there. The acts were very enjoyable. The makers of this disc were sure to include many of the most popular opera and ballet performances that were familiar to even people like me who do not follow this type of entertainment as much. I still found this disc enjoyable and even though my blu-ray collection is growing, I still pop this disc in when I'm in the mood for some classical entertainment. The only thing I don't like about The Blu Ray Experience: Opera and Ballet Highlights is the fact that it's too short. If another 45 mins. to and hour were added, this disc would be perfect.
0205632645|5.0|This book is as useful today as it was 50 years ago. The new edition is a tribute to the original.
0596522347|5.0|Slide:ology tops my list of titles that have had an impact on me. After only skimming through the book it changed the way I think about and create my training presentations. I loaned it to a co-worker who then purchased her own copy.  Two other co-workers also wanted to read it and I have since purchased 12 more copies to give to people throughout my organization. Slide:ology is a quick, easy, interesting and powerful read. I recommend it to anyone who has to create presentations.
B00092ZMDY|5.0|Please consider releasing Live from Melbourne and Hell freezes over on Blu-ray  The Eagles release the best concert videos of all time! Now that HD DVD is gone, get with the program Rhino!
B0019IB26I|5.0|where 2 begin.......john mayer, altho cocky and whatever, he taps into the old blues that we all love with harmonious neatness of today. this album is brilliant and so is jm. love it.
B000AAJTL6|5.0|I loved this movie when it debuted on the big screen. Funny, charming, inventive and simply brilliant story and animation work makes Toy Story watchable to infinity and beyond! The UMD format amazes me with the beautiful picture and sound quality. Nice job Pixar and Sony!
B001AVEJ1Y|4.0|Having that Beastie Boys song in there was beyond stupid. They SUCK and it didn't fit at all in the scene. The Spock actor did a great job. But Kirk and everyone else basically were doing mediocre impersonations of the original cast. I enjoyed the film but the hype about this being so much more sophisticated than \\"your father's Star Trek\\" or that this is Star Trek for everyone is pure bs hype.  The theme sounded great at the end- so did some of the original sound effects interspersed throughout... they should have had more of that stuff... and maybe more focus on the writing.  The \\"humor\\" everyone kept talking about is not anything to write home about- other than one scene referencing Spock's relationship with Uhura in the transporter.  And it would have been cool to have William Shatner in there too.
0374105235|5.0|I loved this book.  I had the chance to hear Ishmael Beah just last year when he spoke at a school near mine.  This was before I read his book. The school i was visiting (Cushing Academy, Ashburnham MA) had all their students read his book and so he discussed the content of the book freely.  The things he said really intrigued me.  He was a well spoken confident individual, which says a lot considering his life story.  I praise Ishmael for his strength to share his story.  Every ones perspective is unique and his perspective is one not often seen by the human race.  It is a sad story, a real story, and a story of courageousness, full of life lessons and thought provoking realities.
0321127420|5.0|This is one of the most useful books about patterns I've found. This book was recommended by my lecturer at university and do not regret buying it.    You have to have some programming experience or you miss most of the value of this book. Although most of the examples are in Java or C# and I haven't use those languages regularly it was not difficult to understand them. Nevertheless, knowing the basics of Object-Oriented programming is a must.    This book has found a solid location in my bookshelf in the handbooks section.
B001PPF130|5.0|There's little that could be added to everything that's been written in the 12 years since OK Computer, Radiohead's third and most celebrated album so far, was first released. I wouldn't hesitate to say that this is the last essential album in the history of pop-rock to this day (by \\"essential\\", I mean that it's had such a profound influence this side of pop-rock that you can clearly identify a \\"before\\" and an \\"after\\" OK Computer, and that said influence is still evident more than a decade later; and while this is particularly true in Great-Britain, that influence has long since extended beyond). There is also little doubt that in it they've taken that style of music as far as it could be taken, before thoroughly smashing through that limit with their following \\"Kid A\\" and \\"Amnesiac\\". Is it their best album though? Well, you're likely to get very different answers if you were to ask fans at any of the band's concerts (and personally, I prefer both \\"Kid A\\" and \\"In Rainbows\\", which music sounds more \\"free\\" to me somehow, for lack of a better word), but the relevance of OK Computer, its seminality, cannot be disputed    I however wanted to write a few lines on this specific 2CD + DVD pack re-release of OK Computer. In all fairness, the whole thing and its tag price are actually very decent, unlike EMI's previous attempt at cashing on the band's back catalogue, namely the \\"Best of\\": if you are new to Radiohead, do yourself a favor, forget the latter and buy the former instead. Even if it only represents one chapter of their musical adventures, the addition of another CD containing most of this era's B-sides on top of the album itself and a DVD, reminds us of one major aspect of Radiohead's music: their albums form a whole, where the songs and their order are carefully thought through and executed, and only reveal themselves fully when listened to as such. Typically, no matter how remarkable most original B-sides titles are (with special mentions to \\"Meeting in The Aisle\\" and \\"How I made my Millions\\"), it is unthinkable to replace any song on the album itself with one of them, or add one or more to the original 12-songs listing    As for the DVD, there is relatively little material: the video clips to \\"Paranoid Android\\", \\"Karma Police\\" and \\"No Surprises\\", as well as 3 songs performed live on Later with Jools Holland, BBC2's evening show. They could all be found elsewhere before, which is also true of the B-sides, but having them all together in a relatively small box and for a reasonable price is definitely convenient, making it a good buy for the completists, those who had some of the songs/recordings missing from their collection, as well as those new to Radiohead and who didn't have OK Computer before - even though it's a little more expensive than the album on its own or just the two CDs (which is pretty logical considering!), this is definitely worth every buck and the edition you should go for
B000Y1ZXUM|5.0|Shakira is worth every penny.  She is a down to earth person and a great entertainer. Even though half of the concert is in spanish, the music flows and has such a good beat that you don't mind that you can't understand the lyrics.  Shakira's dance moves are eye catching and you can tell that she is having playful fun with the audience.  She connects with the audience very well, and they know the words to her songs, and sing along throughout the concert.  You can't help but like Shakira and her talented Band which blows you away.  This Blu-Ray concert is watchable over and over again without getting old.
B001P3SA94|5.0|I won't mince words by stating that this is one of the best films to be released in 2008.  I have to go back to \\"The Buddy Holly Story\\" in 1978 to recall a better portrayal of popular music translated to the screen.  The criticism of both films seem to be with the dramatic license the makers take.  I won't argue with the distortion of the facts but as long as the essence of the story is captured I take no objection.  The thing I find admirable about \\"Cadillac Records\\" is that it's not some slick sugar-coated confection(see \\"Ray\\").  This is a tough film about musicians who legitimately suffered for their art.  What is amazing is director Darnell Martin juggles so many personal stories satisfactorily in a relatively short running time.  You could easily make a miniseries with the material here.  The cast is uniformly excellent but I'd like to give special attention to Beyonce Knowles' portrayal of Etta James.  Previously I dismissed Knowles as a pretty voice and face probably unfairly since the only films I saw her in were \\"Austin Powers\\" and \\"Dreamgirls\\" where she had an underwritten part.  With limited screen time Knowles convincingly portrays the heartache and pain that James experienced.  I was so entranced that I longed for a film devoted solely to James.  I recommend this film with no reservations.
B001R7IHA0|5.0|I have liked Keith Urban since Golden Road.  I really felt that his soul shone through in those tracks.  I have purchased all of Keith's subsequent cd's to date.  When I first put Defying Gravity in I kind of thought it sounded a lot like the prior two, which had a lot of similar sounding songs, however, as I began to listen, I was impressed with the uniqueness of the songs.  This cd is fabulous and I'm happy with my purchase.
B001SF8G1Q|5.0|Bob Dylan's New Morning album always was one of my favorite Dylan albums although it seemed to be recorded on paper instead of professional tape. Now, with this super-remastered edition, I can finally enjoy the album as it was intended to sound. I recommend any Dylan fan: purchase this edition!    Tjibbe Spruit  Rotterdam  Netherlands
B000F39M9W|2.0|I was excited to hear this piece since it was recorded in the new Disney Hall. Unfortunately, the miking on this recording misses. The percussion is very muted on this piece which ruins the whole effect. Get Levi's recording with Atlanta or Gergiev with St. Petersburg.
0618680004|4.0|This is an excellent book. He supports his theories that Religion has done damage to our species. However, where I do believe in God, he does not. Man made Religion is the evil, not the belief in a higher power. Still, I found the book very interesting and enlightening.
006085880X|5.0|I don't think I've ever read a book that elicited so much emotion.  I found myself having to put this book down and take a break.  I thought about this book for days after reading it and I think it even got me a little depressed. Picoult really draws you in and takes you on one heck of an emotional roller coaster.  I wish Picoult would have provided more detail about Emily, but maybe what was left out made it all that more emotional.  Be ready to cry for sure.
031606792X|5.0|There were so many dramatic changes in the lives of the characters in this book.  I loved every minute of it.  I couldn't put this book down until I knew how it ended.  Thank you Stephenie Meyer.
0142410373|5.0|Roald Dahl is a master at captivating children (usually with telling them how boring/mean adults are).  Matilda has you in stitches from beginning to end and I promise your child won't get bored either.  I recommend this as a read aloud book because adults will enjoy it just as much as the kids.
B001P9KR8U|5.0|This is at the present our no. 1 movie. My Indian born daughter and I enjoyed the movie very much. Super impressing and really makes your thought go deep.
B000002ADT|5.0|This is the ONE!  You do not have any interest in Jazz (beginer-intermediate-advanced) without this album in your collection. It is Jazz! It is the greatest recording in the history of music. It is a must!     The english language does not allow me, or anyone, to fully describe what \\"Kind of Blue\\" is, or what it will mean to your Jazz experiance.  Perhaps only the recording itself can.
B00006FR47|5.0|Three double lengh albums and a handful of smash hits from where they started Chicago are at the top of their game.Even if the previous studio album to this [[ASIN:B000069KE4 Chicago III]] was a commercial disappointment there was no question here the band was back at 100% peak form all around. One reason is of course the single album lengh that really helped.Not only that but there was a change in approch if not totally in sound. One thing that really works well for bands of this sort is if they can strech their strong chops across shorter songs as well as extended jams-it really shows your musical meddle when you can be creative AND concise and it's not as easy as it sounds. That is what happens here. No song is over 7 minutes and the overall approch is rhythmic,tight and compact. Basically what ends up happening is.....it ends up being a funk album.\\"A Hit By Verse\\" really keeps things locked right up with this chunky,stuttering rhythm that turned out to be a surprising success for the band.In terms of breezier jazz-type music,if not necessarily down tempo \\"All Is Well\\" and \\"Goodbye\\" also deliver the goods.For the most part though this album consists of a strong funkiness across \\"Now That You've Gone\\",\\"While The City Sleeps\\" and \\"State Of The Union\\". \\"Dialogue\\",presented here in both it's full seperate parts and as it's single version in the bonus tracks is definately the most funk oriented Chicago single up to this point,with the last part either way going into a jazzy jam with some of their best horn charts. Of course the big hit here is of course \\"Saturday In The Park\\";it couldn't be anymore \\"classic Chicago\\" then that and the odd thing is.....it's poppier sound seems a bit out of place with the harder,funkier material on the rest of the album.As with almost everything here this song was a Robert Lamm composition. Terry Kath gets a go at \\"Alma Mater\\".It's a nice song and a good enough change of pace ballad but again clashes with the rest of the music with it's more obvious pop-rock flavor.As far as the bonus tracks go \\"A Song For Richard And His Friends\\" and \\"Missippi Delta City Blues\\" recall the longer jams of early Chicago which....ironically this is still kind of a part of.Considering the longjevity and creative energy of this band,who survive in a modified form to the present day this still seems somewhat like part of the first phase of their musical accomplishment. As time went on the band would gradually embrace sounds from around them for continued commerical success. But plenty of that 60's musical cross pollination and 70's sense of the groove and funkiness is very much a part of what makes this album huge and sets a general blueprint for more of Chicago's musical adventures to come.usic with it's more obvious pop-rock flavor.As far as the bonus tracks go \\"A Song For Richard And His Friends\\" and \\"Missippi Delta City Blues\\" recall the longer jams of early Chicago which....ironically this is still kind of a part of.Considering the longjevity and creative energy of this band,who survive in a modified form to the present day this still seems somewhat like part of the first phase of their musical accomplishment. As time went on the band would gradually embrace sounds from around them for continued commerical success. But plenty of that 60's musical cross pollination and 70's sense of the groove and funkiness is very much a part of what makes this album huge and sets a general blueprint for more of Chicago's musical adventures to come.
B0013FSL3E|4.0|I'm not a fan of animation movie but this is one of the few that I like.    The animation is so good that the robot look like a real thing!    The depiction of loneliness in the first 15 minutes is so touching and overwhelming. I did feel lonely during that time! The whole movie was painted in rusty color. There's only Wallee living in that city, no human being, no other robot. He compressed garbage by himself. He watched video by himself. He went to bed by himself. It's so depressing. It's amazing the director and animators can brilliantly express loneliness without any dialogues.     The story is meaningful. It shows even robots have feelings. They also possess love! It also shows people can make mother Earth inhabitable with their garbage dump.    The love story is cute and gentle. For example, in the scene where Walle held Eva's mechanic hand is so touching. No wonder it got an Oscar in 2009.    I don't know why when I watched it the second time at home; it did not move me as much as the first time in the theatre.
B001SGEUNI|4.0|I was pleasantly surpristed at how good this CD is.  Definitely some good rock and roll.
B000BYRCH4|4.0|Okay, I admit it.  I rented this movie for Jessica Alba in a bikini.  What I got, in addition to Ms. Alba's fine form, was a pretty entertaining story.  It was nothing earth-shaking, mind you, it's kind of an updated version of The Deep which had Jacklyn(sic) Bisset in a very memorable scene involving a wet tee shirt.<br /><br />The film was beautifully shot, making me want to strap on a pair of fins and a face mask and jump into the water. I doubt very much that the East River would provide anything close to gorgeous dive scenes in the movie.<br /><br />There's not a lot of heavy lifting in the acting department, but the cast does a fine job.  Scott Caan in particular plays his yuppie, scumbag, bottom-feeding lawyer role to the hilt.<br /><br />Overall, this is a good popcorn movie I would not hesitate to reccomend to others.
159448385X|5.0|Once I read The Kite Runner, I had to read A Thousand Splendid Sun. Although the book isn't on The Kite Runner's level of greatness, the book is great. I'm a true fan of Khaled Hosseini and have always been interested in learning more about the Middle East and Hosseini delivers yet another great book about Afghanistan, proving not only to be extremely interesting, but also insightful. In some ways I think Hosseini is a great propagandist, getting Americans to support the current War in Afghanistan to liberate the Afghans, and it worked for me. Excellent book, give it a read.
B0020MMB9E|5.0|My husband bought this for me and honestly I love the show he has on FN, this book is basically the series captured into chapters with the receipes used.      Fun and easy, and avoids the issue of having to convert the metric system of measuring he speaks of in the show in England.
1401322425|5.0|The book is full of easy everyday recipes along with a description of the main vegetable used with information how to grow it, keep it and maintain it.   Great book for someone who appreciates fresh cooking and their own vegetable garden!!
B000M341QE|2.0|I would give this 2 1/2 stars actually.    Scorsese has stunk up the place recently--see 'Gangs of New York', making him, along with Woody Allen, one of America's most over-rated directors (and both are identified with NYC!). This is something like a return to form, but no where near the quality of 'Casino' (which if Scorsese had stopped there would have made him a much-appreciated director).    First, neither DiCaprio nor Damon inhabit very believable characters. When you take unbelievable characters and add unbelievable actions and events, you get bad plot, among other things. Second, it's tiring seeing Nicholson in the role of criminal arch villain. What is most memorable about the depiction is the comedy. Third, an elaborate and unbelievable plot based around the idea that Irish and Italians (from Providence) battle it out for the 'mean streets' of Boston but with the main prize being the ability to sell computer chips to Chinese government officials was just way too much.     Since TV provides us with cop dramas like 'Homicide', the 'Shield' and the 'Wire', why would anyone need a film like this?     Alec Baldwin and Mark Wahlberg turn in the most credible performances in supporting roles--the sort of characters that could be fleshed out and inhabit some of the plot in a longer TV drama. Here they get very little screen time actually.    One other dubious distinction: this has to be the most over-acclaimed, most over-rated Boston-based crime movie since Eastwood's, which was also flawed by an unbelievable plot. Neither DiCaprio nor Damon over-act in the Sean Penn way here, but neither of them are very believable as white tough guys from the mean streets either. There is supposed to be some sort of irony in that the DiCaprio character is judged by veteran cops to be incapable of being one, while the Damon character is supposed to the veteran cops' choice as a departmental golden boy. I kept thinking if Damon's slightly better acting skills were put to use in theDiCaprio character (the undercover cop), which is a slightly more important character than the undercover criminal in the police department, the results might have been somewhat more engaging. However, Scorsese seems to be enamored of DiCaprio.
0307341550|4.0|This book is incredible. It is like nothing I have ever read before and I am completely in love with it. :D I could not stop reading it until I finished it, it just grabbed me and wouldn't let go. This is a real page turner.<br />The main character is Camille, a reporter, who has a troubled past thanks to her EVIL mother. Her next assignment for the not so popular Chicago newspaper she works for, is to go to her home town and find out about the strange little girl murders that occurred there. She has a really hard time as she tries to do her job in this place that brings bad memories of her dead kid sister and seeing her mother just makes it worse since Adora (her mom) is EVIL, ehem, um since Adora never loved her and things are not changing any time soon.<br />Camille goes through so much and reading about this is just too interesting you want to read faster and faster in order to find out what's going to happen next.<br />I have never read anything by Gillian Flynn and now have got to get me some more of her other works. I loved her writing and this just was not enough, I need more!!!<br />-tvandbookaddict.blogspot.com
0529064847|4.0|THE NEW AMERICAN BIBLE FOR CATHOLICS (NAB for the sake of convenience)is a newer translation of the Catholic Bible which is clearly written. This edition/translation is based on Hebrew and Greek and was approved by The Council of Bishops after careful scholarship and deliberation. Since this is obviously a Catholic Bible, the Deuteronocanonical Books or the Aprocrypha Books are included.    The first section or Old Testament has brief notes and historical background information to provide readers with a better understanding of when these books were written and what the authors meant. For example, many of the Prophets excorated their contemporaries for greed, lack of serious religious conviction, errant hypocricy, etc. The notes and historical background gives readers a decent understanding of Ancient Near East History as well as the history of Ancient Greece.    The notes clarify difficult passages and provide readers with possible altneratives of these passages. The notes also provide cross references whereby readers can make connections across several hundreds of pages of biblical text. The notes also provide explanations of possible different writers for some of the Old Testament books. For example, there may have been at least two or possibly three authors of the Book of Isaiah. There may have been one author for chapters 1-39 and possibly another for chapters 40-55. Then they may have been another for chapters 55-66. One should note that notes and introductions of the Old Testament Books give readers a useful chronology of when the Old Testament Books were written.     The Deuternocanonical Books or the Apocrypha books, part of the Catholic Old Testament, are well noted and good reasons are provided for their inclusion in the Catholic Bible. As one reviewer noted, the term Apocryphal means hidden which is not accurate because these books certainly were not hidden. Otherwise they would not been part of the Bible for over a thousand years.    The New Testament Books are also well translated and clearly explained. Even thought the New Testament is much shorter than the Old Testament, the editors devoted considerably more notes and explanations to the New Testament in the NAB.Again cross references are provided to bring the NT into clearer focus.     The NAB was based in part on the much older Douey-Rheims Bible done c. 1609 and the Confraternity edition which was done during the tenure of Pope Paul VI (1963-1978). The editors did a decent job of Hebrew translation re the Old Testament. The chapters and verses are easy to follow. The notion that there is only one THE Bible is wrong. Biblical chapters were not introduced until c. 1236, and some biblical scholars argue that verses were not introduced until the 16th. century. The Domincans thought they had the problem solved in the 1230s in an edition of the Bible known as the Paris Bible only to discover they were using corrupt bibles and sources.    The NAB for Catholics helps to overcome such errors. The text is much clearer than the old Douey-Rheims or King James Version of the Bible. As an aside the original King James Version of the Bible, which was an anti-Catholic Bible, had the Aprocrypha Books until the Puritans expunged them. One major criticism of some of the editions of the NAB do not have a glosary or a concordance. This is a good Catholic Bible for less \\"traditional\\" Catholics.
B0002OERI0|4.0|Why would a mother write a review about Green Day for her \\"kids\\" taste in music?  She is a f%#king American Idiot?  YES!  And this record is exactly about that.  Wake Up!  Listen! Look Around You!  This is the world we live, breath, sleep, love, and bleed in.  American Idiot is an amazing record.  Stop writing reviews because your \\"kids\\" have better taste in music then you!  Progress, and get a fu&#ing LIFE!  THIS IS AMAZING MUSIC!
B00004RFFS|1.0|\\"Like new\\" was actually \\"like garbage.\\"  It wasn't worth  the few bucks it took to purchase.  The DVD is scratched up as though someone rubbed it on a cement block.  This is the worse product I have purchased through Amazon unfortunately.  I will NOT be purchasing products from this vender EVER again.
0143038419|5.0|The condition of the book is excellent and the content is even better.  I am enjoying it emencely.  Elizabeth Gilbert has been through quite a bit in her life, something we can all relate to or at least sympathize with.  Her writing has a wonderfully compassionate sense of love, awe and awareness of the places she's been and the experiences she's had.    I am so intrigued by her sense of wonder and adventure that I am planning trips to these places in the near future.  Overall, Eat, Pray, Love has had a very calming affect on me.
B001GQACGO|5.0|I read some of the negative reviews...while they all have the right to an opinion...My opinion is I think most of the negative reviews were laughable! Just say that you didn't like the direction that she took with this new album and leave it at that. But no...got to trash her by saying stuff like she's already rich and just trying to get richer by pumping out garbage. That doesn't even make sense! Its not like she went from singing R&B to country! (don't get me wrong there is nothing wrong with country, just referring to the different styles). Those that are complaining about wasting their money...the magic thing about the internet is that you can sample songs on albums before you buy! That is what I did and that is how I came to the decision to buy this album! And to those that only liked a few songs, you can also, just buy the ones you like without getting the whole album!!! Try it before you buy your next CD so nobody else has to endure yet another sob story of money wasted.    I am glad Beyonce came out with this album! I never disliked her, she is talented, but I was not a big fan! I own the first album from Destiny's Child...refused to buy any of her solo albums, to me they were the same boring thing over and over (with the exception of a few single songs)...until this one! And I am hooked! I don't think its rushed or thrown together. It's about time she changed it up a little. I don't she lost who she is at all, just showing more of her! I guess Her \\"used to be fans\\" wanted another boring album so I can see why they were disappointed!    Get the Deluxe version if you can afford the couple extra dollars, its has 4 extra songs (Smash into you, Hello, Ego & Scared of Lonley) and 2 music videos (If I Were a Boy & Single Ladies). I believe both versions have the bonus track \\"Save the Hero\\". Both have a side one/side two. Side one is like her softer side and side two is like...well...her fiercer side!
B001HN697M|5.0|After seeing the first two, this was a great story revolving around the ancient war between the species. The movie provides everything that Underworld is known for fantastic transformations, great action sequences and a plot built around an interesting premise. All of the movies are very well done and stay true to the formula that made it into a franchise while providing some fresh prespective. Pitting these supernatural creatures against each other is a story which provides endless opportunites for delving into the mythology of entities that defy explanation.
0763628182|5.0|This wonderful pop-up book is now my grandchildren's favorite!  The pop-up engineering is amazing.  The children can open cabinet doors and closet doors(complete with 3-dimensional ghosts),make the friendly monsters move, and the octopus wash the dishes. It is a very interactive, entertaining book.
B001LPWGE6|5.0|WOW! I already had all 3 on DVD and decided to get these to go with my new Blu Ray player. It's no wonder they won awards for sound editing. The picture definitely seemed a little clearer than the DVD's but the sound was incredible. Already good on the DVD version in my home theatre this took it to a new level and I'm not regretting the $65 for upgrading my set. The best thing about it was I have a Sony Blu Ray and a Sony 7:1 AV receiver. Every movie I've played I've had to cycle through my settings to get the best sound. I'm not sure if it was just this movie, my set-up or what but it wouldn't let me change the setting before the movie got started saying it wasn't used. The sound was absolutely perfect so I'm glad it didn't let me mess with it. Motorcylces racing from back left to front right speaker, gun shots echoing and traveling through from front to back. My son and I were laughing at times at how cool the sound was. Visually I use an HD projector that throws a very clear 100 inch picture, I lose a little video quality but this was the best home theatre experience I've had. The movies are great but the Blu Ray version is incredible with the proper set-up. I have other Blu Ray movies that have not provided as good of an experience as these.
B0007Y89ZM|5.0|I grew up hearing the Eagles on the radio.  I wouldn't say I was a big fan; didn't own any of their records when I was a kid, didn't see them in concert...but I must admit, this concert is one of those rare moments where conditions come together and greatness occurs.<br /><br />They are really tight with their playing.  The singing and music is perfection.  And the video work is outstanding.  This may be one of the best music DVDs available.<br /><br />I rented this DVD a couple of times and realized it was a must buy!<br /><br />I hope you find it as enjoyable.
B0012QE4Q2|1.0|absolutely adored this book, and so upset with this movie. it skipped over so much, couldn't even come close to the depth of the book. can't believe that ms. gregory approved!
B001EN71CW|5.0|If you haven't seen Firefly then by all means, treat yourself to a pleasurable experience.    Its some of, If not the best Sci-Fi in the Gorham universe; The characters are memorable, the story lines will hold you in rapt attention...    Movie studios are like the auto industry executives, they have no idea what the public wants or needs.     They cancelled this gem after only one season and had no idea of what a quality show they were canceling.    This show could have easy gone multiple seasons, its by far better than Stargate SG1 or even SG Atlantis...    If only we could catch someone's attention and get a sequel made, even direct to DVD would be an outstanding achievement!
B001AVEJ1Y|5.0|I have been a Star Trek fan for years, ever since I saw the original series. I like most of the movies with the original cast except for the first one which to me was barely watchable. I like the Next Generation and Deep Space Nine but never became a fan of the animated series, Voyager, or Enterprise.<br />That's why I was glad to take the chance to see the newest Star Trek on Saturday afternoon.<br />The casting for this movie was excellent and I hope all the main character actors return for the sequel.<br />The special effects were great. The action sequences came off cool. It was the humorous interaction between the human characters that did more for this movie than all the special effects and action combined. Star Trek has always been about human or alien life forms co-existing with various degrees of success and conflict. The origianl series did a lot in teaching tolerance of all life forms and I think this was at the heart of this movie.<br />The tension between Kirk and Spock and the beginning friendship between Bones and Kirk and how well Simon Pegged nailed the part of Scotty all worked so well.<br /><br />I didn't want to like this at first but I have some much love for the original series. I did approach this movie was an open mind and tried to put aside crazy fanbook prejudices.<br />This version of Star Trek is a lot of fun. In the same way that the first Star Wars was a lot of fun. There wasn't a lot of scientific detail in this movie and the focus was more on action vs logical problem solving. That worked for me. I always wanted to see a more action oriented Star Trek.<br />Overall, if you a long time Star Trek fan or just a new comer to the series, then do youself a favor and go see it. It needs to be seen on the big screen. This is not a wait-until-DVD Summer film. It has something for everyone. Its the first big Summer movie in '09. The other Summer movies I want to see are the new Terminator, Land of the Lost, Transformers, and especially G.I. Joe.
0061122416|2.0|The Alchemist had it's interesting moments and a decent morality throughout, but altogether the writing was far too simplistic, repetitive, and predictable for my tastes.  I could see how this would be a good gift for a young teen, or a good recommendation to a friend who doesn't read very often, or maybe it's a good book for parents to read to their children, and I must say that my favorite part of the book was the ending, which I see some reviewers found disappointing.    I don't think you can go wrong with reading this book- it won't take you very long at all, just be prepared because it gets so simplistic at points that you feel the story has stopped moving even though a lot of progress is surely being made.  The characters are decent, but nothing memorable.  If you're on the fence I'd say just go to the bookstore and start reading it and see how you like it.
B000EHSVQ4|5.0|This was a gift for my son and it is so much better than the theatre version.  It is difficult to describe how the directors cut enhances the story except to say you have to see it for yourself.  I highly recommend this version, especially to those that enjoyed Kingdom of Heaven in the theatre.  A must own version!!!
0784011176|5.0|The Piano won the Palme D'Or at Cannes, making Jane Campion the first woman ever to win the prestigious award. She also captured an Academy Award for Best Original Screenplay at the 1993 Oscars, while also being nominated for Best Director. Holly Hunter and Anna Paquin both won Oscars as well, and it was also nominated for Best Picture, Costumes, Editing, and Cinematography.<br /><br />Fast forward to 2009, and Jane Campion is once again at Cannes, this time for Bright Star, which tells of the romance between the 19th century romantic poet John Keats and Fanny Brawne. Campion's still the only woman to have ever won the Cannes Palme d'Or, and she's one of only 3 women directors who have films in competition at Cannes this year out of 20 (Andrea Arnold and Isabel Coixet are the others).<br /><br />\\"The studio system is an old boy's system, and it's difficult for them to trust women to be capable,\\" said Jane. \\"So good luck to my female friends in the competition. They represent half the population [who] gave birth to the whole world.\\"<br /><br />With such strongly voiced feminist views it's not surprising that The Piano was a feminist manifesto. Forced into an arranged marriage, Ada (Holly Hunter) is sent to live in New Zealand where she's treated like some kind of commodity--a servant or even a slave. A mail order bride, her husband (Sam Neill) had hoped that being mute she would do as she was told without any back talk. Upon finally seeing her, he is disappointed by how small she is, and also totally indifferent to her desire to play her beloved piano. Under the circumstances, her eventual adultery and supposed neglect of her husband and family is excusable--in fact, her refusal to accept the role forced on her is exemplary. At least that is the point that writer/director Campion espouses.<br /><br />Following a thread about it on IMDB the audience seemed to fragment, with some saying they didn't like Ada McGrath or approve of her, and they certainly didn't care for her adulterous affair with George Baines (Harvey Keitel). There was even sympathy for her husband, Alisdair Stewart (Sam Neill), up to a point.<br /><br />Others sided with Ada, I among them. I think that Campion made her case, and gave the characters enough complexity and ambiguity that they came to life as people rather than cardboard cutouts in a feminist propaganda play.<br /><br />Sometimes, though, it seemed they were more in danger of becoming symbols. Especially Ada and her piano. The piano was meant to symbolize Ada's feelings and emotions. The fact that she was mute meant that the piano was her only creative outlet. An extended metaphor, if you will. She spoke with her hands, signing to her daughter, Flora (Anna Paquin); or pounding out her emotions on the piano. Hands, fingers, touching, sensual caresses--a recurring motif throughout.<br /><br />Then, the piano became a bargaining chip, as it was traded for land with little regard for her feelings, to George Baines. Baines was a plantation worker, illiterate, who wore the facial tattoos of the Maori, and also spoke their language. He has \\"gone native.\\" Though he is a bit rough around the edges, he is more sensitive to Ada's feelings then her husband. He sees that the piano is the key to her heart, so he has it tuned and signs up for piano lessons, a thin pretext to try and seduce her. He proposes a bargain, that he will return her piano to her when she has earned it, one black key at a time, in return for certain favors and indulgences.<br /><br />----------------------<br />George Baines: I want to lie together without clothes on.<br />==============================<br /><br />This of course leads to trouble when Flora mentions something to Alisdair. Though mother and daughter share a strong bond, Flora often acting as translator for her mother's sign language, she doesn't understand what is going on between Baines and Ada. Being a very precocious child she thinks she does.<br /><br />-----------------------------<br />Flora: I know why Mr. Baines can't play the piano. She never gives him a turn. She just plays whatever she pleases and sometimes she doesn't play at all.<br />Stewart: And when is the next lesson?<br />Flora: Tomorrow.<br />===========================================<br /><br />I don't want to spoil the ending, but you can see that we are headed for a showdown.<br /><br />Though the director had a not very well hidden agenda, and was a bit heavy handed with the symbolism, it succeeds as art due to the excellent performances by Hunter and Pacquin, who both won Oscars; and Keitel and Neill. Holly Hunter even played most of the piano parts herself, and Pacquin was nothing short of amazing. She is the second youngest person ever to win an Oscar, and she totally deserved it. Her character was very complex and nuanced, yet she never missed a beat. Upon meeting some women she gives this little speech by way of introduction:<br /><br />-----------------<br />Flora: One day when my mother and father were singing together in the forest, a great storm blew up out of nowhere. But so passionate was their singing that they did not notice, nor did they stop as the rain began to fall, and when their voices rose for the final bars of the duet a great bolt of lighting came out of the sky and struck my father so that he lit up like a torch. And at the same moment my father was struck dead my mother was struck dumb! She never spoke another word.<br />=========================<br /><br />This would explain a lot. Except that it is all lies. We know from the voice over narration that Ada had not spoken a word since she was six years old, and hence was not an opera singer. Flora is a child of uncommon sophistication, yet still she inhabits the land of make believe. Pacquin, being 11, had little trouble acting like a child, but her uncommon sophistication was quite rare and very uncommon indeed.<br /><br />The Piano reminded me a lot of another feminist manifesto written around the same time that The Piano was set, in the 1850's. In 1899, Kate Chopin's second novel, The Awakening, was published, and was criticized based on moral as well as literary standards. Her best-known work, it is the story of a woman trapped in the confines of an oppressive society. Out of print for several decades, it is now widely available and critically acclaimed for the quality of the writing and its importance as a seminal feminist work (is that an oxymoron?).<br /><br />The Awakening begins with the Pontellier family vacationing at the summer resort of Grand Isle. Edna, the protagonist, is the wife of a successful businessman, L&eacute;once. Since L&eacute;once is constantly occupied with his work, Edna begins to rely on others in Grand Isle for company. She meets Robert Lebrun, who is the son of the woman who manages the cottages on Grand Isle, and begins to fall passionately in love with him. However, Robert can't handle their forbidden love so he runs off to Mexico. Next she has an affair with Alc&eacute;e Arobin, a man with a reputation as the biggest flirt in town. She feels guilty for cheating--on Robert--not her husband. Tiring of her affair, she next moves out and completely rejects her role as wife and mother, neglecting her children even.<br /><br />What I find interesting is that both the novel, The Awakening, and The Piano were met with the same kind of criticism. No matter how oppressive and unfulfilling a marriage is, there are always those who will condemn a woman who rejects it. Yet, The Piano won three Oscars, and was nominated for five others. After a hundred years or so, at least some progress has been made.<br /><br />SELECTED FILMOGRAPHIES:<br /><br />HOLLY HUNTER<br /><br />[[ASIN:B00013RC2K Thirteen]] (2003) .... Melanie Freeland<br />[[ASIN:B00003CXRM O Brother, Where Art Thou?]] (2000) .... Penny<br />[[ASIN:6305161968 Crash]] (1996) .... Helen Remington (not that Crash, the one with James Spader that was directed by David Cronenberg)<br /><br />HARVEY KEITEL<br /><br />[[ASIN:B00005OM6L Bad Lieutenant]] (1992) .... The Lieutenant<br />[[ASIN:630469878X Thelma & Louise]] (1991) .... Hal<br />[[ASIN:B000R8YC18 Taxi Driver (Two-Disc Collector's Edition)]] (1976) .... Sport<br /><br />ANNA PAQUIN<br /><br />[[ASIN:B000CS464G The Squid and the Whale (Special Edition)]] (2005) .... Lili<br />[[ASIN:B00003CXMG Almost Famous]] (2000) .... Polexia Aphrodisia<br />[[ASIN:0780626117 Hurlyburly (New Line Platinum Series)]] (1998) .... Donna<br /><br />COMPARE AND CONTRAST<br /><br />[[ASIN:1438242921 The Awakening]] (1899) .... by Kate Chopin<br /><br />----------------------<br />Ada: George has fashioned me a metal finger tip, I am quite the town freak which satisfies!<br />====================================ed based on moral as well as literary standards. Her best-known work, it is the story of a woman trapped in the confines of an oppressive society. Out of print for several decades, it is now widely available and critically acclaimed for the quality of the writing and its importance as a seminal feminist work (is that an oxymoron?).     The Awakening begins with the Pontellier family vacationing at the summer resort of Grand Isle. Edna, the protagonist, is the wife of a successful businessman, Lonce. Since Lonce is constantly occupied with his work, Edna begins to rely on others in Grand Isle for company. She meets Robert Lebrun, who is the son of the woman who manages the cottages on Grand Isle, and begins to fall passionately in love with him. However, Robert can't handle their forbidden love so he runs off to Mexico. Next she has an affair with Alce Arobin, a man with a reputation as the biggest flirt in town. She feels guilty for cheating--on Robert--not her husband. Tiring of her affair, she next moves out and completely rejects her role as wife and mother, neglecting her children even.     What I find interesting is that both the novel, The Awakening, and The Piano were met with the same kind of criticism. No matter how oppressive and unfulfilling a marriage is, there are always those who will condemn a woman who rejects it. Yet, The Piano won three Oscars, and was nominated for five others. After a hundred years or so, at least some progress has been made.     SELECTED FILMOGRAPHIES:    HOLLY HUNTER    [[ASIN:B00013RC2K Thirteen]] (2003) .... Melanie Freeland   [[ASIN:B00003CXRM O Brother, Where Art Thou?]] (2000) .... Penny   [[ASIN:6305161968 Crash]] (1996) .... Helen Remington (not that Crash, the one with James Spader that was directed by David Cronenberg)    HARVEY KEITEL       [[ASIN:B00005OM6L Bad Lieutenant]] (1992) .... The Lieutenant    [[ASIN:630469878X Thelma & Louise]] (1991) .... Hal   [[ASIN:B000R8YC18 Taxi Driver (Two-Disc Collector's Edition)]] (1976) .... Sport    ANNA PAQUIN     [[ASIN:B000CS464G The Squid and the Whale (Special Edition)]] (2005) .... Lili   [[ASIN:B00003CXMG Almost Famous]] (2000) .... Polexia Aphrodisia   [[ASIN:0780626117 Hurlyburly (New Line Platinum Series)]] (1998) .... Donna     COMPARE AND CONTRAST    [[ASIN:1438242921 The Awakening]] (1899) .... by Kate Chopin    ----------------------  Ada: George has fashioned me a metal finger tip, I am quite the town freak which satisfies!   ====================================
B00004TJKI|5.0|In 1959 moviegoers were on the edge of their seats to watch Jimmy Stewart,George C.Scott, Ben Gazzara, Lee Remick and Arthur O'Connell in one of the classic courtroom dramas, Anatomy of a Murder. Let me see the drama still has a loyal following 50 years later. The performances are first rate plus you have the direction of Otto Preminger and the music of the legendary Duke Ellington. It's two and a half hours of pure drama. A film worth enjoying again and again!
1416550542|3.0|The Forgotten Garden: A Novel by Kate Morton  I'm surprised this novel has received such a high rating. For me, this novel was much too reminiscent of The Thirteenth Tale by Diane Setterfield. The structure of the plot, a story within a story, a mystery within a mystery, was identical to Setterfield. Sure, the location, characters, and cosmetic details were changed but the bones were the same. Of the two The Thirteenth Tale was the better novel. If you have already read The Thirteenth Tale don't bother with this one...it will be a disappointment (unless you happen to like the story within a story structure). I found the mystery to be not so mysterious (it was rather easy to figure out). However, there was some good to be gleaned from the book. The Fairy Tales were quite good, I adored the character of the Authoress (I wish we could have seen more of her), parts of the novel were very insightful on the subjects of life and loss, and at times there was a coziness that emanated from the story's location. Overall, it was OK. I found it to be a little on the long side (and I love length...when a story is moving), the pace of the story was rather slow, and at times not detailed or expounded upon enough (especially for the length). I, personally, don't think it is worth the time (unless you like this specific type of story).
B001TI9N7I|4.0|The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo is about a Swedish journalist by the name of Mikael Blomkvist who after losing a libel case takes time off to work for semi-retired industrialist Henrik Vanger.  Vanger hires him to write a Vanger family biography, but really wants him to discover what happened to great niece Harriet who disappered at the age of 16 in 1966.  Blomkvist reluctantly takes the assignment and uncovers some shocking Vanger family secrets alongside social outcast Lisabeth Salander, the girl with the Dragon Tattoo.  The story has many twists and turns and has more than one mystery floating around.  The story keeps you reading.  The translation isn't difficult to read as is the case sometimes when books are translated into English, often with translations everything sounds summarized or matter of fact.  I recommend this book for a lazy weekend or vacation.
3795753384|5.0|THIS SCORE IS PERFECT SINCE IT HAS ALL VOICES AND THE ACCOMPANIMENT.  WHETHER SINGING IT OR FOLLOWING ALONG WITH A RECORDING, IT IS TERRIFIC. HEY, AND IN THE PRIVACY OF YOUR OWN HOME, YOU CAN BE THE STAR.
B000VKJ6VS|5.0|from a great band... nice work, it has a lot of songs that you can listen over and over again... xD
0316017922|5.0|According to Malcolm, many things can make some  one successful, in their lives and those of their family's influence.<br />I enjoyed the book as an interesting point of view. I recommnended it to a friend. It made him feel awful. His take on it was according to Malcolm he would never be successful. Yikes! I wonder if others had this same  tragic reaction to reading the book?
B001PJRAUS|4.0|Which is what this is all about. Gently poking fun!<br /><br />Think Space Balls to Star Wars-Galaxy Quest to Star Trek, Blazing Saddles to westerns or Legally Blonde to all those pitiful jokes about  dumb blondes!<br /><br />This is not to be taken seriously.<br /><br />It had some very funny parts. Loved when Amanda tells Lydia \\"not to get her hopes up\\" about Mr. Collins! I just about rolled off the couch when she said that!<br /><br />The only reason I give this story 4 stars instead of 5, is because Lizzy and Darcy were not together at the end as they should have been.
B001R10BEG|5.0|Compared to earlier releases, this looks amazing! It doesn't have that sharpness that makes modern blu-rays amazingly detailed, but it's not needed or missed. Watching this is like watching it in a theater. If your TV or player has a Cinema or Movie mode (which mutes colors and/or softens the picture) turn it off. The movie already has the \\"soft\\" cinema look those modes induce. That being said, the colors are absolutely perfect, and it's hard to take your eyes away; especially if you've seen this before. The blacks are always inky, and overall there are never speckling or noise artifacts.      The sound is punched up to modern standards as well (see below) and sounds amazing in surround (considering how the previous releases sounded). It's up to modern day standards for a drama/comedy. Dialog is clear and easy to understand, and surround and L/R components are present only when appropriate, not just to show off surround technology. But when it does kick in (for scenes with music, etc.), it's enveloping. Definitely up to par with modern movies.     You have a choice of the regular or extended edition. The extended edition is fun. I've seen this movie many times, and the extra/extended scenes make it a lot of fun, since you never know when they're going to occur. Overall, if this is currently, or ever has been one of your favorites, you need to get it, even if you have it on DVD. It will be one of your favorites again!    Features:  Theatrical Version And Extended Cut  Big Brainstorming - An Audio Documentary by Gary Ross & Anne Spielberg  8 Deleted Scenes  Exclusive Featurettes:  - Big Beginnings  - Chemistry of a Classic  - The Workof Play  AMC Backstory: Big  Carnival Party Newswrap    Video:  Widescreen 1.85:1 Color  Screen Resolution: 1080p  Audio:  ENGLISH: Dolby Digital Stereo  ENGLISH: DTS-HD MA 5.1  SPANISH: Dolby Digital Mono  FRENCH: Dolby Digital Stereo  PORTUGUESE: Dolby Digital Mono  Subtitles:  English, Spanish, Portuguese, Mandarin, Korean, Cantonese
B000OLGCI4|1.0|As a long-time fan of Kipling's original The Jungle Book, I can't stomach this Disney drivel.  Kipling's Mowgli is brave, competent, and completely adapted to life in the jungle.  His Kaa is Mowgli's friend and protector.  His Shere Khan is a fool.    Disney twisted the story to make Mowgli naive and helpless.  The only moment in the movie that (almost) rings true is Mowgli's attraction to the human girl at the end -- but in the novel, this only happens when Mowgli becomes a man.  In the book Mowgli is driven back to man by traitorous members of the wolf pack, but returns to the jungle after killing Shere Khan and being rejected by his fellow humans.  I recommend that anyone who enjoys the movie read the book and find out what they've been missing.
B001AVEJ1Y|5.0|I loved this movie!  I loved the way they kept the characters traits true to the original series characters' traits; loved seeing how they got together on the ship and loved the humor and all the references to previous ST series.    The fight scenes were breathtaking and the scene of the Enterprise coming up through the clouds around Saturn's moon was beautiful and almost awe-inspiring. And the mystery of how Kirk beat the famous Kobayashi Maru test is revealed    This is the best movie of all of them, in my opinion.
B0001FR3IG|5.0|This \\"used\\" movie looks and works like a brand new one! THANK YOU VERY MUCH!!! shipping was great as well!
B001TODCII|5.0|TAKEN is a fast paced, well designed and choreographed action thriller that details the return to duty of an intelligence man, whose career distanced him from his family, when his own daughter falls victim to the crime syndicate in Paris. The driver of this well written (Luc Besson! and Robert Mark Kamen), well directed (Pierre Morel) film is the non-stop violence filled mission of a desperate father whose skills at getting to the heart of a matter have not been diminished by his 'early retirement'.<br /><br />Liam Neeson is in grand form as Bryan Mills, the skilled and committed father who can out kill and out wit even the most vicious of the Albanian forces against whom he must struggle to save his kidnapped daughter from being sold into human slavery to an Arab sheik. The film moves so rapidly, with the skills of cinematographer Michel Abramowicz, that the various other characters who populate this drama scarcely have time to establish an identity (Famke Janssen, Radivoje Bukvic, Maggie Grace et al).  The violence is constant but due to Bryan Mills' skills each death is so rapid that the camera doesn't linger  There are scenes in the brothels where the drug induced young girls serve as prostitutes that are quite disturbing, but again the camera doesn't pause long enough to make them gruesome.<br /><br />This is a fine performance by Liam Neeson who demonstrates a mastery of the action roles that likely will lead to others in a similar vein.  It is a wild ride, but a very fine one.  Grady Harp, May 09
0141182865|5.0|I do not have the vocabulary to adequately tell you what this book is about but I will try. It is about a man who is educated way, way beyond his intelligence. He is useless, worthless and a complete moron. I never laughed so hard in my life. The situations he gets himself into from a hotdog vendor, to office worker, to trying to start a uprising in a factory, this man is useless.<br /><br />Have a dictionary nearby. For once, you have a book that isn't written at the 5th grade level.
B001HDO4Z6|5.0|Like many other Coldplay fans, I enjoyed \\"Viva la Vida\\" - but it felt like something was missing. What was missing was the second half of the album, now released as an EP called \\"Prospekt's March\\". While some of the songs are the same, the new releases far surpass anything on \\"Viva la Vida\\", including that album's title track.    Both records open with 'Life in Technicolor', but the new version of the song is finished with lyrics. Another highlight is 'Glass of Water', a brilliantly crafted piece about optimism. 'Rainy Day' is a bit quirkier, with a Beatles' vibe to it. 'Prospekt's March/Poppyfields' could have come off of U2's \\"All That You Can't Leave Behind\\", though that certainly doesn't detract from its feel. And 'Now My Feet Won't Touch the Ground' is a near-acoustic masterpiece.    Any downsides to the EP? Sure. As others have said, Jay-Z's vocals on 'Lost+' are offensive, and don't really add to the song. And while the new remix of 'Lovers in Japan' is nice, it's not a whole lot different from the original. Still, the album is far and above anything Coldplay has ever produced.    If \\"Viva la Vida\\" was autumn leading into a cold winter, \\"Prospekt's March\\" represents spring after the snow melts. The two records are great bookends to each other, though this one is the better of the two. If you have \\"Viva la Vida\\", you really need to hear \\"Prospekt's March\\" to understand the brilliance of Coldplay's latest masterpiece.
031606792X|5.0|Book was sold out online, so had to buy it in the store. EXCELLENT book. Recommend for a true Twilight fan.
B000MR9D5E|5.0|I could not believe how inexpensive the Planet Earth series was!! And the price INCLUDED shipping!! I also received my order within 7 days, amazing - excellent buy, highly recommend to parents and teachers.
B000002L9J|5.0|There are just a few moments in lifetime when you really get into music by listening a record that will change your life and the way you enjoy good music forever. That has happened to me a couple of times already with albums like \\"Murmur\\" and \\"Out of time\\" by R.E.M., \\"Ok computer\\", \\"Kid A\\" and \\"In rainbows\\" by Radiohead, \\"American Idiot\\" by Green Day, \\"Neon bible\\" by Arcade Fire and of course \\"Meat is murder\\" and \\"The Queen is dead\\" by The Smiths.<br /><br />This Smiths's album gave me a wonderful feeling the first time I listened to it and this feeling keeps on popping up everytime I listen to this record. The feeling I'm talking about is that one that just Jonnhy Marr can create on me with his awesome way to make music by playing some notes in his guitar and the one that Morrissey can make me feel when I listen to his lyrics and the way he sings them as well. This is a perfect album in every way you look at it and eventhough not all of the songs are at the same level of perfection, that's just part of the whole idea. For me \\"I know is over\\" and \\"Cemetery gates\\" are the songs that make the album look good and so enjoyable but \\"The boy with the torn in his side\\" and \\"There is a light that never goes out\\" make you fall in love with it. Personally these two tracks I just mentioned are the ones that make me love The Smiths so much. \\"The boy...\\" is a song that makes me feel so happy and at the same time it brings me a sad feeling by missing the 80's good music... I can listen to this song over and over again at it never gets old for me. On the other hand \\"There is a light...\\" has one of the most intelligent lyrics ever written for a love song (maybe next to \\"Losing my religion\\" (R.E.M.)) and the music is so elegant and powerful as well that wraps up the whole song to make it just perfect.<br /><br />This is a \\"must buy\\" album from The Smiths. A band that left a legacy that is almost impossible to match. Now, who dares to say the opposite here? Anybody, I guess.
B001F0VHEM|4.0|This is a very strong album with a little something for everyone.  Pink seems to be channeling three sounds: 1) Janis Joplin-esque blues/roots rock 2) 90's singer-songwriter and 3) pure pop.  I didn't enjoy some of the down-temp singer songwriter stuff as much, but Pink sings so well that even those tracks were a pleasure to hear.
B001E0FRD0|4.0|\\"Lone Survivor\\" is a must read for anyone who wants to begin understanding the situation which our nation faces in both Afghanistan AND Pakistan.
0060899220|5.0|The irrepressible celebrity chef Tony Bourdain serves up a delightful bad boy biographical-stew, not for the squeamish but definitely nonstop fun. Heavy on the spice and streetwise flavor, it's a beat-poetic sampler plate of outrageous anecdotes and ruminations about what really goes on in the commercial kitchen.
0743270754|3.0|This is a work by a serious historian which received deservingly glowing reviews for the research. I am one of a few disappointed by it.  To be clear, my disappointment does not reflect the material ABOUT LINCOLN--in fact it was a great personal learning experience. It is due entirely to how the book treats \\"the other guys.\\"    \\"Team of Rivals\\" promises to deal with a remarkable side of Lincoln's story: how his desire to do the best for the country led him to pick the \\"objectively best\\" men to his cabinet (and may have influenced pres. Obama in present day)--past rivalries/antagonisms notwithstanding. It is incredible how the cabinet functioned essentially intact through Lincoln's first term.     However, the author focuses entirely on PERSONAL power of the President--his iron will, kind demeanor and thick skin that allow Lincoln to put out fires of a seemingly dysfunctional administration. Doris Goodman sadly bypasses the essential question: why was each of the men the right one for the job, and what did they actually DO in the office? The only Secretary whose government activities covered in some detail is Stanton at the quaintly named \\"Department of War.\\" Seward appears less Secretary of State than a friend and adviser. Bates as Attorney General seems to do absolutely nothing. Goodman simply mentions that Chase filled the Treasury coffers (in wartime!) and Welles built a mighty Navy. How they accomplished these amazing feats and what challenges they faced in doing so is entirely unclear.     My second beef is the allocation of space. In the first part (pre-presidency) a great deal of space is devoted to personal stories of Seward, Bates and Chase. In the second part, cabinet members are seen in the shadow of Lincoln and the war--but the social scene in Washington is covered in great detail. The structure adds to the weight, detracts from readability and ultimately cheats the reader who was hoping for a follow-through on the promised theme.
6304779356|5.0|Finding the Frog Brothers<br />Brotherhood beyond blood in the `The Lost Boys'.<br /><br />Franco Moretti wrote a critical theory essay about Bram Stoker's Dracula and Mary Shelley's Frankenstein.  I was impressed by his observation that Dracula represented aristocracy and capitalism, whilst Frankenstein represented the proletariat - a body made of bodies, a labor force formed by a body of workers. Returning to vampirism, the vehicle for the film, `the Lost Boys' we see vampires continuing the tradition of extracting energy and resources.<br /><br />Apart from the obvious sexual connotations of the vampire, many other themes have provided a universal appeal for consumers of this fiction; for me The Lost Boys is appealing because of the Frog Brothers.<br /><br />The Frog Brothers, like the tribe of vampires, are isolated; outcasts of society because they are privy to taboo information. They are unconventional; as a teenager I was drawn to their world.<br /><br />The Frog Brothers do not have a responsible guardian or parent. They are freely allowed to run the comic store as they see fit. They seemed beyond their years when it comes to cataloguing fictional genres, but Corey Feldman's character (Sam) corrects and questions their bureaucratic expertise. The Frog Brothers world is one of archive, monsters, magic, fictional devices delineating reality via the comic; yet the Brothers coolly, consciously campaign against the real threat of vampires, patiently amassing knowledge and storing it as popular culture. They are apprentices waiting impatiently for fiction to become reality. Their insider knowledge has value, but it is information regarded as `non-real' by the majority, by tourists and comic collectors visiting their shop. It is information that helps the Frog Brothers devise survival strategies.<br /><br />Sam's mother Lucy (Dianna Wiest) works in a video store. The characters in the film are surrounded by an abundance of fictional commodities - underappreciated, later suggested as prophetic survival guides. I connect with the Frog Brothers because they use fictions as a means of survival in the banal world.  Consumers of fiction would go crazy if they didn't have worlds to escape to. The added charm of the Brothers is that although they are empowered with specialist knowledge, they are at the same time incompetent, inexperienced, ignorant, arrogant, ineffectual, rude, cowardly and pretentious, making them interesting.<br /><br />The Frog Brothers inhabit Santa Carla, a shady, partying resort, a place expanding and contracting with seasonal trends. This seasonality reflects nature and harvest; summer - fresh crops of humans. These themes suggest vampires are more than daemonic creatures enslaved by capitalism; they are natural components of an ecosystem. The tourists come and go, new residents arrive - migration, immigration, emigration. The last line of the film is spoken by the cantankerous grandfather, who sparks a cigarette and remarks on the local problem: `those damn vampires' stated with the matter of fact tone of someone complaining about ethnic minorities dislocating locals.<br /><br />The Lost Boys has many hooks, used effectively during the `90s to enchant teenage audiences, the most notable being the soundtrack which has become a regular long player for students and thirty-somethings. The film also features motorcycle gangs, brooding sexuality, rebellious delinquency, a summer love, motor cars, pop culture for the post-slacker MTV generation, replete with leather jackets, rock and gore.<br /><br />We have the relationship between the Lucy and the head vampire Max, who in classic vampire folklore remains an enigma, a hidden player manipulating the tribe whilst moving seamlessly amongst the humans. He is the ultimate vampire, like Dracula, master of the seductive discourse of capitalism. His function to subsume candidates into a family - linage, aristocracy, genetic appropriation; core components of the vampire andhuman sociology.<br /><br />The Frog Brothers, unlike Van Helsing, are not in possession of all the facts.  They validate their sketchy suppositions by conducting bizarre and awkward experiments inside the victim's household. They are merely imitators of specialist vampire exterminators. Despite the Frog Brothers incompetency, they energize the film with their manic rage: destroy all vampires. The love story of the vampires is inconsequential to their doctrine of total extermination, a diabolical idiocy.<br /><br />The Frog Brothers do not have a discernible leader; it is hard to tell which one is the dominant one and which is the submissive.  Edgar Frog talks more than the Alan Frog - Edgar is just a mouthpiece, but when we consider the Frog Brothers practicality the qualities of the `silent but deadly' brother, Alan, are rendered ineffectual, for Alan is as useless as the extroverted Edgar. Sam becomes a Frog Brother when he decides to manage the catastrophe of his family - he has nowhere else to turn, the people he thought were idiots (the Frogs) turn out to be allies, because they believe; they form the trinity - breaking thought boundaries of generic lineage - brotherhood beyond blood.<br /><br />The duplicity of brotherhood; opposite the Frog Brothers: Sam and Michael, one vampire, one human, one condemned to nocturnal existence - a citizen of the underworld, servitude to the conditions of new genetics; the other ostracized from society because in the fantasy realm of the theme resort he sees the truth, is criticized for his revelations, chided for excessively consuming fictional commodities - surely only guilty of executing the logic of the system to its logical conclusion? Alas Sam's true knowledge is diagnosed as the condition of an overactive imagination. Only the animal is sympathetic, Nanook the dog, his breed chosen to approximate the spiritual wolf. Nanook understands - perhaps too well, he is a lycanthrope, his anthropomorphic character generous.<br /><br />The Lost Boys is situated in a resort where the unimaginable becoming imaginable - the unimaginable proactive, the image of fantasy culturally acceptable. The rupture, the drama, occurs when vampires break the film of reality.<br /><br />As mentioned earlier, the Frog Brothers do not have a parent of noticeable influence. Reciprocally Sam's mother Lucy is divorced but establishes a relationship with vampire leader Max. We have the idea of relocation, disruption caused by migration, also substitution of the father figure.  Sam has experienced his parents' divorce, distrusts the father figure. The head vampire allows Sam to release stress, tension, bitterness created by the fragmentation of family. As a teenager I related to this.<br /><br />The grandfather: antiquity, traditional values; does not have a television, reads the TV guide, knows what is on television, bypasses the culture machine, the commercialized, automated, programmed dream engine; knows reality is stranger than fiction, thus the choice of Echo and the Bunnymen's cover of the Door's `People Are Strange'- contextualizes `alien', `taboo', `repressed', not aberrant but normality. It is strange that society regards perversion as corrupt when repression is pathology. The Grandfather has experienced vampires; classic scripting: the monster not the threat, suppression of truth is. Young people are patronized when facts are withheld; maturity grows from enquiry.<br /><br />The movie deals with the manifestation of repressed emotions - the disappointment and anger of Sam.  He is alone, scared, in a foreign place, with the Frog Brothers - who are initially resistant but who then supply the method with which Sam finds emotional stability. The Frog Brothers could be brothers in any strange town - your town. Scared of moving on? There will always be Frog Brothers out there, to welcome you with aggravated countenances and fierce loyalty as you fight the vampires sucking off your family.g, are not in possession of all the facts.  They validate their sketchy suppositions by conducting bizarre and awkward experiments inside the victim's household. They are merely imitators of specialist vampire exterminators. Despite the Frog Brothers incompetency, they energize the film with their manic rage: destroy all vampires. The love story of the vampires is inconsequential to their doctrine of total extermination, a diabolical idiocy.    The Frog Brothers do not have a discernible leader; it is hard to tell which one is the dominant one and which is the submissive.  Edgar Frog talks more than the Alan Frog - Edgar is just a mouthpiece, but when we consider the Frog Brothers practicality the qualities of the `silent but deadly' brother, Alan, are rendered ineffectual, for Alan is as useless as the extroverted Edgar. Sam becomes a Frog Brother when he decides to manage the catastrophe of his family - he has nowhere else to turn, the people he thought were idiots (the Frogs) turn out to be allies, because they believe; they form the trinity - breaking thought boundaries of generic lineage - brotherhood beyond blood.     The duplicity of brotherhood; opposite the Frog Brothers: Sam and Michael, one vampire, one human, one condemned to nocturnal existence - a citizen of the underworld, servitude to the conditions of new genetics; the other ostracized from society because in the fantasy realm of the theme resort he sees the truth, is criticized for his revelations, chided for excessively consuming fictional commodities - surely only guilty of executing the logic of the system to its logical conclusion? Alas Sam's true knowledge is diagnosed as the condition of an overactive imagination. Only the animal is sympathetic, Nanook the dog, his breed chosen to approximate the spiritual wolf. Nanook understands - perhaps too well, he is a lycanthrope, his anthropomorphic character generous.    The Lost Boys is situated in a resort where the unimaginable becoming imaginable- the unimaginable proactive, the image of fantasy culturally acceptable. The rupture, the drama, occurs when vampires break the film of reality.      As mentioned earlier, the Frog Brothers do not have a parent of noticeable influence. Reciprocally Sam's mother Lucy is divorced but establishes a relationship with vampire leader Max. We have the idea of relocation, disruption caused by migration, also substitution of the father figure.  Sam has experienced his parents' divorce, distrusts the father figure. The head vampire allows Sam to release stress, tension, bitterness created by the fragmentation of family. As a teenager I related to this.    The grandfather: antiquity, traditional values; does not have a television, reads the TV guide, knows what is on television, bypasses the culture machine, the commercialized, automated, programmed dream engine; knows reality is stranger than fiction, thus the choice of Echo and the Bunnymen's cover of the Door's `People Are Strange'- contextualizes `alien', `taboo', `repressed', not aberrant but normality. It is strange that society regards perversion as corrupt when repression is pathology. The Grandfather has experienced vampires; classic scripting: the monster not the threat, suppression of truth is. Young people are patronized when facts are withheld; maturity grows from enquiry.      The movie deals with the manifestation of repressed emotions - the disappointment and anger of Sam.  He is alone, scared, in a foreign place, with the Frog Brothers - who are initially resistant but who then supply the method with which Sam finds emotional stability. The Frog Brothers could be brothers in any strange town - your town. Scared of moving on? There will always be Frog Brothers out there, to welcome you with aggravated countenances and fierce loyalty as you fight the vampires sucking off your family.
B001FBSMF8|1.0|Why?  That's all I wanna know.  Did you sell out?  Did cutting your hair, like Sampson, make you weak?  Suffice it to say, I didn't like the beat, and it didn't make me dance.  Stick with the harder stuff, Chris baby.  You'll lose all your soul this way.
1594201927|5.0|The fastest way to ruin a market based economy: ruin  the money supply. Very readable and timely.
B001AVEJ1Y|5.0|Upon watching this movie a couple of weeks ago, I have to agree with the consensus.  Bringing back the classic characters was a very bold move, and those were the ones I remember, back in the Kirk and Spock days.  I was a Trek fan back in the '80s when I grew up, then I felt that after the '90s, and all these spinoffs and sequels got released, it was too tough to follow anymore, and I felt that Star Trek lost its flavor and made me feel that Star Trek was falling apart.  I'm just glad that Abrams brought the good days back, and VERY enjoyable to watch.  Seems like if he does that good on the big screen, he should consider bringing Star Trek back to the prime-time lineup as a TV Series.  Never really did like anything past The Next Generation, but this is certainly a step in the right direction for old-school Trekkies like me.
B001ILFUDC|3.0|All of the disc were NOT in the case.But  I was fully refunded..And Very,Very satisfied with that..thank you and that will NOT effect any future purchases from Amazon..Amazon stands behind their word \\" 100% Satisfaction OR A Full Refund\\"....Thank You again...Rosie Davis
B000002PB2|3.0|I like this album alot as I grew up listening to it. The problem only lies in listening to it now. Some songs are just too overdosed with synths and keyboards. The worst offender is \\"At night she sleeps\\". The keys on that song are laughable. \\"Sing me Away is my favorite track. When you listen to \\"Hole in the Sun\\", the songs are much more up to date while still sounding like Night Ranger.<br />Russ D'Angelo<br />Massapequa, New York
B001NFNFIK|4.0|This movie is based on a series by James Lee Burke. Although I wouldn't have chosen Tommy Lee Jones to play Dave Robicheaux, the New Orleans, detective, Jones does an excellent job, managing to convey Robicheaux's daily internal battle with alcohol along with an intense personality and sense of justice. Goodman plays mobster Baby Feet Balboni with finesse and the Cajun milieu is a strong component to this mystery. Although it lagged at times, all in all, I thought it was a good film.<br /><br />The book is better simply because Burke is so good at revealing characters' personas layer by layer. Robicheaux's wife is an interesting character, but in this film, she's a very minor player and actually seems more of a backdrop than anything else.
0316017922|4.0|I picked this book up off the shelf and became hooked.  The observations provoke further reflection, but don't expect to be able to change your life and become an outlier overnight.  Also don't expect pages of studies and statistics that you would find in a journal.  There is no magic answer why some are successful and others are not.  There are a variety of factors that Mr. Gladwell mentions.  We all know there are environmental factors, and native abilities but these must be nurtured to realize maximum potential.  You also need to recognize impediments and challenges.  I think parents should read this book to better recognize children's abilities and navigate a path to success.    Chances are you will not agree with everything Mr. Gladwell says and I don't think he would expect you to.  The point is to evaluate your situation and work hard and you can improve your odds.  But if you don't become an outlier you could contribute to make an outlier and if you are lucky maybe more than one.
B001GSV3EC|1.0|This applies to the CD. The following tunes on the DVD are NOT on the CD or MP3 version of this album (They apparently cut all the \\"guest appearences\\").    \\"People Get Ready\\" with Joss Stone    \\"Blanket\\" with Imogen Heap (This is the video Amazon posted to promote the album. Dispite what the caption says, it's NOT on the CD.  It's a free mp3 download though, by all means grab it.)    \\"Little Brown Bird\\" with Eric Clapton    \\"You Need Love\\" with Eric Clapton    \\"Rollin' and Tumblin'\\" with Imogen Heap    That's at least 20 minutes of music, and the most interesting parts of the show.    What you're left with is largely a rehash of Jeff's fusion instrumental tunes from the late '70's and the '80s.    On the other hand, \\"Blanket\\" is a great track - It's nice to hear Beck with new material.  A whole live album of fresh tunes with Jeff, Imogen, and the great backing band would have been much more interesting.
B001P9KR8U|5.0|It was great. It had good quality and it was clear. I love it!!! Thank You so much!!
0312360266|5.0|I was hooked on this book since the first time i picked it up. The back of the book didnt sound good and to me it didnt describe the book that well! i could say its better than twilight but not yet! You cant compare those two books together because they are two different types and two different story lines! I would give this book 5 stars!
B000UNYJXQ|4.0|One of the things I've noticed in the few scathing reviews is that people seem to think Michael Moore meant for this film to be a documentary. This is incorrect. I think his primary intention was to poke fun at the flaws within our health care system. With these two points in mind, some of the ideas presented by critical reviews are moot (e.g. Michael Moore is the sicko for his Star Wars list, Michael Moore does not present factual information). Also, people bring to light that this is just another piece of liberal propaganda. Obviously, this is true since most media (especially on such a big issue as health care) will exemplify a particular slant. All this said, I really enjoyed this movie. It brings to light some of the deleterious and sometimes fatal aspects of the American health care system. The main reason I would not give this movie a 5 is because I wish he would have proposed somewhat of a solution, however cursory it may have been, of how to incorporate the Canadian, British and French systems on a large scale such as the United States. If you want an entertaining satire of how our health care system is failing I'd recommend this but if you want factual information I would recommend WHO.int or reading books from people within the medical community (as I plan to do).
B0000714BP|5.0|This movie is fabulous! The boys are awesome in drag.  It's almost like an American version of Priscilla, Queen of the Desert.
0375703764|4.0|The Truant narrative is less impressive, to be sure, and the writer is good, but no Pynchon (or Wallace, or Nabokov)... but it's all still pretty effective.  An interesting series of ideas, some very well handled, some not.  I like the Minotaur theme - it's like being lost in Borges.
1423101472|3.0|This being the 5th and last book in the series, Riordan has to tie up a lot of loose ends, but does an excellent job of it. There are some new tricks that Percy and his crew pick up, which make the elements of magic throughout the book seem to come alive in ways that the previous books don't exhibit. Percy is stronger, smarter and faster, but his weaknesses remain largely the same, keeping him human. The blossoming love relationships that show up in this book also give it a few more layers of conflict that the predecessors. Ultimately, this series was fun to read, and I recommend any of the books to readers 9+.<br /><br />-Lindsey Miller, lindseyslibrary
0375842209|5.0|I read a lot.  And it is not often a book comes along that grabs me and won't let me go.  And then, more importantly, stays with me afterward.  This book is beautiful and special.  I recommend it to everyone.
B001PPLIFU|4.0|I'm really enjoying the \\"reboot\\" of the Bond series that Daniel Craig has brought on, but \\"[[ASIN:B001DSNF8C Casino Royale]]\\" is a tough act to follow. I did enjoy \\"Quantum of Solace,\\" but some of it fell just a little flat for me. I didn't care as much about the Camille character as I did about Vesper from \\"Casino Royale.\\" It felt like there was a certain amount of depth left out... Like, with \\"Casino Royale\\" you could say \\"That was great!\\" but with \\"Quantum of Solace\\" you inevitably added the obligatory suffix - \\"That was great... for a Bond movie.\\"<br /><br />Which is, again, not to say I didn't like it - I did. I just had super high hopes after \\"Casino Royale\\" that didn't quite get lived up to.
0143039881|3.0|The book offers a look into the trials of Eichmann in Israel. Arednt attempts to explain the banality of evil and how the German people did not react to the tragedies done to the thousands of victims; the evil done within Nazi Germany towards the Jewish people. This book is superb in its explanation and analysis of the role of Eichmann and others like him within the Nazi regime. Arendt does a great job of analyzing Eichmann's psychological condition and attempts to explain why Eichmann did not protest his or the government's actions. It is a Great read - I highly recommend it.
0439023483|5.0|Katniss, whose father died when she was 11 and whose mother emotionally abandoned her, has a competence streak a mile wide. Her priorities have become just to keep her family alive, fed and protected (especially her little sister). However, these self-imposed responsibilities have given her little time for niceties (like kindness and sweetness). She is utterly practical. So, when her sister gets picked in a lottery to be the tribute for District 12 in the Hunger Games (an event similar to that of the gladiators, except for reality television), Katniss volunteers to take her place, where the only way to win is to kill all the 23 other contestants.    I thought this book was pitch perfect, especially the characterization. Suzanne Collins took a character like Katniss, who is not riddled with compassion for those around her and made her an enthralling, likeable character. Katniss still has her foibles: her cut-throat attitude and  how blind she is when it comes to the feelings of other characters, but all in all, I totally understood her motivations and I was rooting for her the whole way. The author, though, put Peeta in to balance out Katniss' ruthlessnes. He was completely genuine and good-hearted without being syrupy. (I loved me some Peeta.)    The plot was excellent. I read the entire book in a day. There weren't any \\"Man, I wish she would pick up the pace\\" moments. It was fluid and delicious, surprising and still plausible. It had bows and arrows and knife throwing, fire walls, a hearty splash of romance (but didn't drown you in sappiness) and really smart characters whose logic was sound (I hate it when you read a book and you're more intelligent than the characters because you've come to correct conclusions a hundred pages before the protagonist does). Though Katniss is completely obtuse when it comes to romance, which was a bit frustrating, but understandable considering her survival-inclined cognitions.    The only thing that dampened my ardour for this bookwas the slightly inconclusive ending. Now, that isn't to say most of the stuff wasn't resolved, but, for those of you who have read the book, I was DYING for Gale's reaction. If you haven't read it, be assured that the second book is coming out sometime in September of '09.    All in all, a fabulous book with a lot of fun. I absolutely recommend it to most people (though some may be turned off because of how utterly ruthless Katniss has to be). You get a taste of what she's like in the excerpt available of amazon's Look Inside. If you really, really hate her from that, don't buy it. Otherwise, add to cart already.
B001XRLWPQ|5.0|I fell in love with this show the first night.  Nathan is so funny that I made sure I watched it every Monday night. Every episode in this first season was great.  Can't wait to see the next season.
0201633612|4.0|This is an excellent place to start when you have a problem. It won't do the work for you, but it will get you off on the right foot.
B000002BYD|5.0|I want to start off by saying that im a die hard Pearl jam fan. Theyv been my favorite band ever since they first hit the scene back in the early 90's. They have hit some highs and some lows but as a band, overall they have quietly become one of americas greatest rock and roll bands of all time. So now that i have that off my chest, lets talk about Pearl Jams greatest album of all time, Yield. Yes, they have given us TEN, VS, Vitalogy... but this is the album that brought pearl jam back to what they are now. Its the album thats true to who they actually are, A band thats here to stay.<br /><br />This is the way my reviews are based on:<br /><br />(good, great and forgettable) & (?) will you hear it loud while driving with your windows down?....<br /><br />Lets start.....<br /><br />1: brain of jfk... awesome opening song 8/10  \\"good\\"<br />2: faithful... one of my favorite pearl jam songs of all time 10/10 \\"great\\"<br />3: No way... underrated song that shines evrytime you hear it 8/10 \\"good\\"<br />4: Given to fly: one of their biggest radio hits ever 10/10  \\"great\\"<br />5: wishlist: along with given to fly, another radio hit 10/10  \\"great\\"<br />6: pilate: good song, one of the weaker songs in the album 6/10  \\"forgettable\\"<br />7: do the evolution: dont personally like it, but was a big hit 9/10  \\"good\\"<br />8: mfc: good song, keeps the overall feel of the album going strong 7/10  \\"good/ bordering forgettable<br />9: low light: my personal favorite song from this album 10/10 \\"great\\"<br />10: in hiding: the most underrated pearl jam song ever! awesome 10/10  \\"great\\"<br />11: push me pull me: classic pearl jam weirdness in an album 5/10  \\"forgettable\\"<br />12: all those yesterdays:like every pearl jam album..great closing! 8/10  \\"good\\"<br /><br />.. (?)there is no good or great song that id be embarrassed of cranking up loud on my car with the windows down on this album. And thats Rare!!!!<br /><br />So there you have it, enjoy!
4770030096|3.0|This book aims to share the Japanese language in a systematic, but introductory, manner. It is aimed at beginners, and does a fair job in the reading/writing portion. The audio has a little more difficulty in keeping to a pace conducive for a beginning learner. The workbook relies heavily on drawings to identify relationships and aid in memory, which was helpful to me.<br /><br />The book is a workbook, with space provided for writing answers, thus avoiding the need for another notebook. Though I usually am averse to writing in books - I felt quite comfortable and enjoyed the ability to drag this copy around without thinking I would need a book-bag to carry it and another notebook. However, the provided space is regularly not quite enough for the work to be done, causing some headache.<br /><br />I did appreciate that this version is in kana. Though written Japanese is written with the addition of Kanji characters, making kana not as regular as this book might suggest to the uninitiated, I definitely appreciate the repetition that aids recognition. This workbook is offered in English, using transliteration; I would avoid that if this version is available.<br /><br />This workbook is certainly not exhaustive. A few particles had yet to be covered, while many verb formations were never even touched on. Nouns receive treatment from start to finish. Both -i and -na adjectives were covered, but spread out over an extended portion of the text. Counters and numbers as well as calendar and time words are covered. Both sentence particles and clause particles are addressed, though I would say both depended greatly on examples and were not entirely clear on distinctions where a shared English preposition is used in translation (e.g. the distinction between the use of '/' for \\"at\\" and the use of '/'/' to express variation in the thrust of a sentence.<br /><br />In most other Japanese books I've seen, verbs are divided up into many more patterns - based on the consonant in the final syllable. This book does not use that mechanism for distinguishing verbs, relying instead on a two pattern system with an additional category for the two irregular Japanese verbs. This made some of the descriptions on conjugation less than precise, and hard to follow and remember as a whole.<br /><br />I really enjoyed it, but there were a number of issues (like the short amount of writing space) that sometimes made it difficult. The measure of a language book should probably relate to the proficiency of the reader at completion; I can say that I am much more comfortable with identifying katakana characters on sight (I was already fairly comfortable with hiragana). I haven't gotten any better in listening for comprehension or conversation. And as a final note, I feel that this book has made me hungry to learn and develop my Japanese more, to keep going rather than run screaming into the night.t use that mechanism for distinguishing verbs, relying instead on a two pattern system with an additional category for the two irregular Japanese verbs. This made some of the descriptions on conjugation less than precise, and hard to follow and remember as a whole.    I really enjoyed it, but there were a number of issues (like the short amount of writing space) that sometimes made it difficult. The measure of a language book should probably relate to the proficiency of the reader at completion; I can say that I am much more comfortable with identifying katakana characters on sight (I was already fairly comfortable with hiragana). I haven't gotten any better in listening for comprehension or conversation. And as a final note, I feel that this book has made me hungry to learn and develop my Japanese more, to keep going rather than run screaming into the night.
0307408833|5.0|This cookbook is EXCELLENT! My kids LOVE everything I have made thus far and I am finally able to enjoy baking again since we went \\"GF\\"! Alot of reviews are critical of the fact that some of her recipes are made with spelt, but the book clearly explains the difference and gives you the substitution for it to be edible for GF eaters. I HIGHLY recommend this book, my 3 and 1 yr old (and husband too) love these recipes and don't get hyper after eating them either! I prefer these recipes over the regular wheat and sugar variety.
1400079179|3.0|Actually a great read; good story, moves along. A lot of stretches but still fun. There is some amount of predictability to it. And, no question, the historical facts and symbology are not actually there to back up the book in a \\"factual\\" sense, but it is enjoyable in spite of that. Read the book, skip the movie. Tom Hanks has done better.
0553381687|5.0|This is a truly well-written book. It made me remember why I am so lucky to live in a Democracy.
B001TH16DI|4.0|Here we go with the Star Trek 1-6 Motion Picture Collection. (Theatrical Cuts)    Quite frankly, these are the best the movies have ever looked.    Wrath of Kahn has been digitally restored, where they scan the negative frame-by frame and clean it up. The old DVD of this movie was hideous. Brutal grain and damaged film throughout. The clean up on it for the blu-ray is amazing, however there are a few scenes, most notably the botany bay scene which look real soft, perhaps shot that way in the first place, or the original negative was damaged. Great job here despite the rough shooting problems.    Now 1,3-6 have been cleaned up greatly as well, and yes there is a massive amount of grain removal. For darker scenes, like on the planet in ST III this looks completely fine. Also the space scenes look exemplary. I did notice some softening on medium and close up shots of the actors, mainly when Kirk is talking to the other admiral in ST III, just check his collar and you'll understand. However I found this \\"noise removal\\" to be noticeable in only a few scenes per movie and very minor.    I am viewing the Blu-rays on a BenQ w500 projector on a 110' screen using a PS3, and can say the the whole DNR whoolabaloo is quite overblown.    There is about 2 1/2 hrs of new HD content and new commenataries for every film. For about 11 bucks a disc the set is a very good value.
1594201927|5.0|This is a very readable book that attempts to explain the origins of money, bonds, stocks, insurance, and derivatives. (A derivative, for instance, pays out based solely on the future price of corn; none is actually bought or sold.) It's aimed at the lay reader, but the subject is simply too large to explain thoroughly if you're going to leave any room for the history. He seems to understand it though. It champions the evolution of finance as crucial to prosperity. It also reminds us of the symbiotic relationship between government and the banks, so relevant to the current crisis.
1400031524|5.0|Monk, the character on television, has extreme anxiety and is obsessive compulsive. A far more interesting character than Monk is to be found in crime novels, Kurt Wallander the Swedish detective created by the author Henning Mankell. Wallander suffers deeply from anxiety. He even (like many people) self-medicates by drinking too much. Like so many cops, he's divorced and very isolated. Wallander is drowning in doubt even though he solves difficult crimes. Michael Ondaatje, my favorite NY Times book reviewer says \\"For me, Henning Mankell is by far the best writer of police mysteries today.\\"<br /><br />The second book in the series is The Dogs of Riga takes place in Sweden and Latvia in 1991. Most people in Latvia live in fear because the communists are in charge. Reading this shows how fear infiltrates daily life. Wallander is besieged with worry because he sneaks into the country (legitimate fear) and never trusts his own tenaciousness. His ordinary life is constantly interrupted because of the disease of anxiety.<br /><br />When people are anxious they tend to want to people please, and then too much truth goes ignored. When hurts and wants are unspoken they go underground and build into resentments. Anxious people suffer with short term thinking and are afraid of hurting others. One of the most important things anyone can do to build more authentic relationships is to be able to talk about hard things. Inability to talk about hard things means the pile of resentments deepens and it can be tough to dig out from under it. People tend to get self righteous about their resentments which then makes it hard to consider the truth of the other person's point of view. Truth always lies in between people. Hearing the truth from someone who loves you is one of the most important ways to grow.<br /><br />If you are anxious and people please you will lose track of yourself. Love is meant to help you be more of yourself, not less. Diane Keaton was asked why she never married and she responded that she knew she would lose her identity. Kurt Wallander does get lost. His father was disgusted he became a policeman. Kurt still plays with the idea of quitting to be a security guard, to regain his father's approval. Though he's in his early 40's, his anxiety clouds his ability to recognize he only needs his father's love. These are a terrific series of novels and Wallander is a very three dimensional character who makes mistakes in relationships because of anxiety.he knew she would lose her identity. Kurt Wallander does get lost. His father was disgusted he became a policeman. Kurt still plays with the idea of quitting to be a security guard, to regain his father's approval. Though he's in his early 40's, his anxiety clouds his ability to recognize he only needs his father's love. These are a terrific series of novels and Wallander is a very three dimensional character who makes mistakes in relationships because of anxiety.
0767903862|5.0|This is a wonderfully insightful and accurate observation of Australia. The author thoroughly researched his subject, then added his own perspective and views.  I real joy to read.
B0012GMVXU|5.0|This album is one of Cohen's greatest achievements both lyrically and musically.  Featuring some of his best songs this great record only gets better with time and still holds the same if not more significance as it did when it was first released.
B000002KHH|5.0|Paranoid by Black Sabbath, while not quite being the best the band had to offer was the album that struck hardest commercially and for a good reason too.     There are some great songs on here. The songs Iron Man, Paranoid, and War Pigs, which are the most popular on this album are great and all have catchy riffs and great vocals. The songs Hand of Doom, Electric Funeral, and Jack the Stripper are great too, but I feel like I can't listen to them as many times as the first three I mentioned. Rat Salad is not a standout track; it is an instrumental which is too short and doesn't vary enough from the rest of the album. My favorite song on this would have to be Planet Caravan; it is different from the other songs but will grow on you quickly to the point you like it more than the others.     Overall, this a great album and is a must for any hard rock or metal fans.
B001U0HBPG|1.0|I've seen some stinkers over the years but this takes the prize.  A dreary, meandering tale about...?  A guy growing younger and then what?  The premise could have been interesting but sadly this was not only a waste of time (almost 3 hrs), it was a waste of $$ since I paid to see it at the theater.  Granted, some movies are simply meant mindlessly enjoy and not think about too much, but to watch this mess you need to check your IQ at the door and/or get a lobotomy beforehand.
B000002KB8|5.0|This was Black Sabbath's first album, and in my opinion the best.     The music on this album is heavy with a sort of bluesy sound, but it actually fits in pretty well with the heaviness. Overall, the music is very simple on this album and the mood is dark.    All of the songs on the album are different, but they are all extremely good. If you are a Black Sabbath fan or a metal fan in general and don't have this album, then this album is for you.
B000MV8ABS|5.0|One tall man, three heroes, several small jawas, one black Plymouth Cuda, a flying ball that'll drill ya, and a partridge in a pear tree!       Great movie. Weird as heck, but fun!  I met Angus Scrimm at a Fangoria horror movie convention as a teen back in 1987. Wow. What fun. He was really adept at being able to laugh about the Tall Man character and enjoying the role for what it was.  He talked about how little dialogue he actually had in Phantasm I and II. He actually had it all memorized and said it to us...something like, \\"Boy! Boy! Boy! You play a good game boy but the game is finished, now you die! Boy!\\" and a few other lines. It took him like fifteen seconds lol. We all cracked up. I got his autograph. It was my first convention for sci fi/horror.     I also met Bill Thornbury. I'm a teacher and a music teacher friend at our school knows Bill, got me on the phone with him, and got me an autograph. He's the coolest guy!  Just to be intellectually honest, this movie, although I adore it and it's a classic, is really a classy version of Plan Nine From Outer Space (LOL).  It takes place in a graveyard with a guy taking corpses and turning them into zombies to be used by aliens.  The difference is, the Tall Man could kick Tor Johnson's butt, Don Coscarelli doesn't wear a dress (like Ed Wood) and the Cuda, man...the Cuda!    Reggie Bannister is the greatest. \\"We're hot as love!\\" oh man, classic    And for corn's sake, the CUDA!  Plymouth Cuda! Oh baby! That and the Dodge Challenger, the two greatest cars ever made!    This is a fun frightfest. My wife is just terrified of this flick so it's fun to watch at Halloween.    I'm really happy that Phantasm II is now available. We had to wait for that sucker for years on DVD region 1!!
0307266303|5.0|Ever since I first read an article by McDougall in Men's Health about the Tarahumara, I have been fascinated with finding out more about these amazing people. With Born to Run, my appetite for knowledge of their running prowess has been kicked into overdrive.<br /><br />In Born to Run, McDougall weaves a Tolstoy-esque cast of characters, from running icons like Bill Bowerman to a virtually unknown and enigmatic gringo named Micah True, aka Caballo Blanco.<br /><br />Upon receiving this book, I was a bit wary of the pitfalls that many books of this type can fall into, yet somehow McDougall weaves a story of epic proportions while still filling your mind with the truly simple science behind why barefoot is better. Not only does McDougall come to this realization because of his extensive research, but by putting into practice all the techniques that he learns along the way.<br /><br />Every time I put this book down, I couldn't help but want to pick it up again, if only for one more page. The real joy and pleasure of this book, which is exactly the overriding message that lies within, is the joy of running that we have somehow managed to lose. Born to Run, through the wonderful words of Christopher McDougall made me want to put down this masterpiece only to go outside to run, like the Tarahumara, with a smile on my face.
B000P13RVS|4.0|BS\\"D  Makes very good points, but slow and repetitive.
1853260339|5.0|Listened to this one on Librivox audio recording (it's public domain now, since it was published before 1923). The book is really a collection of twelve short stories that Doyle wrote for a magazine. It's just a plain fun read - quick stories, occasional action sequences, easy reading material.<br /><br />The plot is pretty straightforward: Sherlock Holmes is a clever and somewhat eccentric man who runs his own detective agency in London. He takes in cases which strike his curiosity and uses his brilliant powers of deduction to outwit everyone and arrive at the only proper conclusion. Accompanying him is Dr. Watson, his close friend, who has taken it upon himself to be Holmes' biographer, and is thus the narrator of each story (which incidentally Holmes takes some offense to, as Watson plays up Holmes-the-man while Holmes would prefer the focus to be on the logic of each case). Each story runs roughly the same course: a case is presented to Holmes, Watson accompanies him on some clue-gathering exercises or interviews with witnesses, and then Holmes arrives at his conclusion which undoubtedly surprises and shocks his observers.<br /><br />Of course Doyle spices it up a bit by throwing in some extra characters (Holmes has a brother, there's another bumbling police investigator who gets in the way, Holmes even has a bit of a romantic interest at one point). Throughout the book readers get a nice glimpse into the characters Holmes and Watson - Holmes as a very intellectual man, skilled in both the arts and sciences, educating Watson in his methods as he solves crimes, and a drug addict to boot. Watson has his own past too, and though it isn't nearly so interesting, it makes him so very regular that you can't help but like him. There were some laugh out loud moments as I heard this story, particularly Watson's 'scientific assessment' of Holmes's skills and knowledge I thought was pretty funny.<br /><br />The entire point of the book, of course, is the focus on Holmes' deductions. They're brilliant - at times seemingly TOO brilliant, because in a couple of cases Holmes pulls clues out at the last minute to draw his conclusions, and so the reader doesn't get a chance to try to figure it out for themselves. But in the stories where there is enough information to guess at the conclusion, it's an enjoyable exercise to try to work out the ending before the big reveal. I only got it right once, but it made me feel pretty clever. : ) Holmes's cases range over a wide variety of subjects - murders, thefts, missing persons, and a lost goose. Every story is pulled along by the mystery, though sometimes the action gets a little tense.<br /><br />If you're looking for a book to help you understand the deeper meaning of life and unlock the mysteries of the Universe, look elsewhere. If you want an excellent collection of easily digestible stories, give Sherlock Holmes a shot. Highly recommended.
B0009VCSXW|4.0|The one drawback to this UMD, in my opinion, is that the one special feature on it is a \\"making of . . .\\" featurette.  I'm not a fan of \\"making of . . .\\" flicks.  I think the limited capability of the UMD would have been better used by including a fan-film or side-story featurette.
B000W7JWUA|4.0|We're not really board game aficionados, but after reading the Wired article about it I thought we'd try it.  It's definitely fun and worth the money.
6305327084|5.0|I both titled and tagged this review for Natalie Portman. I'm a fan of this rising star and I wanted her other fans to find this movie. Although the film has a large cast, this really is Natalie Portmans movie. She plays Marty, a wise beyond her years 14-year old with some truly great lines. The rest of the cast, particularly Timothy Hutton, are very good and the film is pleasant, but the real reason to watch this film is to see a young kid with amazing screen chemistry. Two other Portman films easily overlooked, are: Garden State and Closer. Both are excellent.
B001VKSPVO|4.0|Twelve Monkeys is, on first glance, a downer of a movie. Most of humanity is wiped out by a late-twentieth century pandemic and one man travels back in time to our present day to try to change the future. But you can't do that, can you? (you'll have to watch to find out.)    Well, this is a completely nutty, quirky movie by Terry Gilliam, arguably the most commercial project he's ever tackled, with big names like Bruce Willis and the up-and-coming Brad Pitt. Except, given the story, it's not that easy to watch. But if you love movies as much as Gilliam does, you'll find a LOT to like with layered references to other films and filmmakers (particularly Hitchcock and Chris Marker) and the outre sensibilities of the former Monty Python animator. And as for the downer aspects? Well, you can always come away saying \\"Glad I don't live in that world. Things don't look so bad!\\"
B001GKYBXA|5.0|It is amazing that Paul McCartney, as good as he is, is always better with a foil, in this case Youth.  This CD was an amazing surprise when I first heard snippets when it came out.  To hear him explore and at times command electronica gives my Beatle spirit a boost-they were always exploring new concepts and ideas, and most times they worked, like they do here.  Favorite tunes include Traveling Light and Light from Your Lighthouse.  I have not heard his other confabs with Youth in detail, but now I'm intrigued.  This is the most accessible so far.
B001SGEUNI|5.0|Hey!  I KNOW music & let me tell you that this Halestorm cd beyond rocks!  I can't remember when I loved an entire album.  The caliber of singing, playing of instruments, lyrics that mean something & are anything but stupid or predictable...is totally uncommon.  Plus the band members are down to earth, friendly, hard-working musicians who appreciate their audience...BUY this cd (you can't possibly be disappointed) & GO SEE them in concert (you'll be blown away)!  EVERY person I've introduced to Halestorm has unanimously raved about them, & people at the 3 concerts I went to were turning to their neighbors & saying \\"Are you hearing this?!?! Incredible!!!\\"
B000WC3A0S|5.0|The movie came 2 days after I ordered it.  The movies are all perfect, as well as the sound.  I would recommend this set.
B001HN697M|5.0|I TOTALLY ENJOYED \\"UNDERWORLD:RISE OF THE LYCANS\\". IT WAS A VERY FACE-PACED AND ACTION FILLED STORY WITH QUITE A BIT OF BLOOD. AS IT TURNS OUT, \\"LUCIAN\\", PLAYED MY MICHAEL SHEEN,  WAS NOT SUCH A BAD FELLOW AFTER ALL. I ALSO LIKE RAZE, PORTRAYED BY KEVIN GREVIOUX. FANTASTIC FILM!
B0009R1T7M|5.0|Great Album from start to finish! I mean, you need to like Sufjan, whose music is so different and unconventional as it is. If you're not open to his brand of indi rock then you may not like it. BUT for those of us that enjoy progressive music, you'll love it!
B000R7HY0K|5.0|I have a huge movie collection and Death Proof is the type of movie I can watch again and again.  This movie is pure genius!  It has invented it's own genre and set the bar extremely high!  This is an Action Horror Drama Comedy!!  It is sexy, action packed, with great dialogue and acting and a clever story!!<br /><br />Add it to your collection!<br /><br />[...]
0307278255|5.0|I enjoyed all of the stories in Unaccustomed Earth and the perspectives that they provided on the Indian-American experience.  If you are a first-generation American or know one, read this book! Unaccustomed Earth proved to me the reason that Jhumpa Lahiri continues to be one of my favorite authors.
B001IBIQU6|4.0|I know nothing of Depeche Mode but my boyfriend loves them so I got it for him as a gift. It took a few listening sessions but he's found a few songs that he really likes...Little Soul is his fav. \\"It's dark with some cool guitar effects (or something like that was said).\\" And that's all I can really remember him saying. So if your significant other is a DM fan, they'll prob find some songs to rave about.
B00005U8EM|3.0|Hi Dave here over all not to bad a little slow on dilvery but not bad will do bus again thanks
0743454537|5.0|I loved everything about this novel, that is except for the ending.  It's like Anna worked so hard for the law suite for work, and then BAM it all goes to waste.  I gave this book to my husband who also really enjoyed it and he was just as angry with the ending as I was.      Aside from that, the one thing I didn't like is that it kept switching between characters and at first it was kinda confusing.  Not only that, when the mother's character switched between \\"present\\" day and the past, that also became confusing as well.      Its just too bad the movie isn't going to be anything like the book.  Thats why I read it to begin with.  The movie looks incredibly good, but with poorly chosen actors (come on- Cameron Diaz and Alex Baldwin?????), there's no way the movie is going to stand up to the book.
0307408833|3.0|I ordered this book because I am an avid vegan baker and I have several family members that are allergic to wheat.  I wasn't expecting it to be completely gluten free because I've been to the bakery and know that they carry spelt varities.  My best advice is to go to a book store or library and look through the book before you buy it.  I'm glad I own a copy, but the recipes won't be in my regular rotation.<br /><br />Pros: This book is beautiful from cover to cover and it's just plain fun to flip through.  There are a lot of pictures to drool over and it makes me want to start baking immediately.  Also, the price is not bad for a hardcover book.<br /><br />Cons: While many of the recipes sound tasty, I can't afford to buy the ingredients regularly (not to mention some will be pretty tough to track down!)  The celebrity and product endorsements are a turn-off.  Most of the recipes make a very large amount as written.
B00243FQFA|5.0|Haven't received the DVD yet - it is due in June.<br /><br />Linda Sheean
B001CRRAE4|5.0|I really liked the film.  It's a cult classic    Just wanted to comment that I bought this blu-ray movie from amazon.uk where it is not discontinued and is still in stock at the time of this review.  Also, the UK version of this movie is not region coded (meaning it will play in blu-ray players in the US).  I don't know why the release in the US was discontinued but those interested in puchasing this film still have the option at amazon.uk.
074325144X|3.0|I've read the Chi Running concepts and they seem to make sense. But when I try to put it into practice, I have all kinds of trouble with lower back pain. If there were a reasonably priced chi running clinic in my area, I would definitely attend because I really would like to run with little to no knee and leg pain. The author makes it sound so easy but it's not.
B000E1ZBH2|5.0|This is a great movie and I had been looking for it in fullscreen, so I was happy to find it.
B001PPLIEG|2.0|The new version of James Bond just doesn`t work very well. And this one didn`t even have much of a plot.  The older Bond films didn`t try to be too serious. A larger than life hero with plenty of action and liberally laced with humor were just fun to watch.  The last 2 Bond films have lost that. They try to be taken seriously and the new Bond is not exactly a likable character. You find yourself not really caring if the bad guys manage to kill him off or not.  The last 2 Bond films are just not fun.
0802798225|5.0|Alex Fuentes is in a gang. But, that doesn't stop his teacher from assigning him to be chem partners with Brittany Ellis. The blonde, rich chick from the north side. His friends make fun of him hanging with the \\"snow girl\\" and he ends up in The Bet: Alex's motorcycle vs his friend's RX-7 that Alex can get Brittany to have sex with him by Thanksgiving.<br /><br />Three chapters in and I could NOT put this book down. To say the two main characters had sparks is putting it mildly. I found myself re-reading the same page over and over-it was THAT good.<br /><br />I loved the characters in Perfect Chemistry. Not just Alex and Brittany, but all of the side characters from Brit's best friend to the stern Chemistry teacher. Simone Elkeles really rocked it with this one.
0670451495|5.0|Make Way for Ducklings is a wonderful children's book with beautiful illustrations by the great-late Robert McCloskey. It truly is a unique and one of a kind book!
1588167461|5.0|I am a complete sucker for an impeccably dressed man and unlike most people I know, I quite enjoy the British sensibilities and broo-ha-ha that comes along with men's fashion.  I bought this book, as a gift for a friend and I spent an entire day reviewing it myself and I was utterly absorbed from beginning to end.  Not only is this book simple, clearly illustrated and thorough, but it is extremely relevant to today's world.  It has sections devoted to all essentials in a man's wardrobe, each section is highly detailed. Fo eg: Trousers: from the styles of trousers, to folding a trouser, to ironing a trouser, to the kinds of creases, buttons, material, do's and dont's...this little handbook is a must have for every young man.  A great graduation present.
B00127RAJY|4.0|This is a great workout.  I have been exersizing 3/4 times a week for many years, alternating between treadmill, jogging, and also using a fludity bar. This is definantly the quickest workout and I can certainly see results.  I have not done any measuring but within the first week I could see some tightening and toning in legs and arms.  I had to stop last week for about 5 days because I did something to my ankle doing the cardio on level 2 so that is going to slow down my end result, but I am telling you this works. It is brutal.  I could hardly walk when I first started, but I kept going and it gets better.  I am really ready to move on to level 3, but to be honest I am a little scared because this workout is tough.  I definanlty recommend this!
B0026GBIB6|3.0|First of all I have been a fan of this band since 1983. I really enjoyed most of their work but once in a rare while Martin Gore and company seem to have put a project together that definitely sounds like a lot of effort went into it... but it just didn't come together quite as well as I had hoped. This is still a good album, but for a band that has phenomenal albums to it's credit, it seems a bit off. Wrong is maybe the best of the bunch, and a lot of the songs feel like they are 80% of the way there to good.    Not up to Playing the Angel.. maybe on par with Exciter.
9562916464|5.0|I do not know why I wasn't ever told about this book! My professors never mentioned it in college. Writing partners never said a word. Editors I have worked with failed to give a hint. I am disappointed with all of them.<br /><br />This book is a must have for anyone who is serious about communicating with the written word. It makes every other book on writing worthless and overwritten. Every word in this masterpiece makes perfect sense. I do not know how I managed to write one meaningful sentence without The Elements Of Style. Don't be a hack. Get this book!
1423101472|4.0|Percy Jackson's last book is packed with monsters, titans, gods and adventure. With the help of Beckendorf, Percy is able to blow up the Princess Andromeda (the titans ship full of monsters and enemy half-bloods), with a few jars of Greek fire. When they hear monsters coming, Percy goes to make a distraction, he is caught and wounded by the titan Kronos,Beckendorf is also caught but has already set the bomb so when he activates the bomb Percy has just enough time to escape into the ocean and pass out because of his wound,(being the son of Poseidon he can breathe under water)but Beckendorf has to die a heroes death so they can blow up the Princess Andromeda.  When Percy wakes up to the face of his half brother Tyson (Tyson is a type of monster known as Cyclops, but is on the side of the Olympians) and asks about Beckendorf and gets the news that he is dead. When Percy asks where he is Tyson tells him that they are at their father's place(Tyson is there making weapons) their father is under war and when Percy wants to stay and help fight but his father convinces him to go and fulfill his destiny as the child of the great prophecy. There is more to this amazing book but that's for the book to tell not me! Especially if you have read the first four books in this series, you have to finish this amazing series and get all the answers with this book.   Julia Maughan
B001RTP3YQ|5.0|There are some things that you forget how good they are, how much you enjoyed them, until they are absent from your life and then return. Leonard Cohen's \\"Live in London\\" album is like that. Hearing him again, in this venue, is like sitting with him in his living room, drinking a glass of fine wine and reminiscing about a shared life.
0930289234|4.0|SPOILERS<br /><br />An immensely dark work which I'm still trying to absorb. Moore paints a bleak alternate reality in which so-called superheros seem to have done more harm than good, driving a world which was already teetering on the edge of chaos closer to apocalypse. These vigilantes range from being slightly naive and altruistic, like the two Night Owls, to psychologically disturbed and vengeful, like the Comedian and Rorschach. One individual -- Jon -- has become so removed from his humanity via the machinations of science as to have little emotion left at all.<br /><br />These \\"superheroes\\" aren't really heroes, but that seems to be part of the point. While many start out with good intentions, they come to realize that their heroics aren't fixing the major problems which are bringing the world closer to apocalypse: while they catch purse-robbers, the arms race chugs on. But does this make their actions meaningless? And what is the moral price of solving these bigger problems, and is it worth paying?<br /><br />Moore addresses all these questions through his characters, some of whom have given up on the world, and others of whom still see its potential for good. The search for any kind of meaning in life is something which all the characters, even the background characters who fill the streets of New York, are trying to find. By the brutal and morally dubious climax of the story, I wasn't sure if Moore was trying to say that such a search is ultimately meaningless in-and-of-itself and that means are ultimately justified by their ends, or that, as the Earth is always heading toward apocalypse, committing despicable actions in service of preventing such an event iis never justified.<br /><br />Regardless, the last scene presents a blank slate: the Watchmen cannot be expected to be humanity's saviors, because they are as flawed as those they are protecting. The human race must make the collective decision to save itself -- its all in our hands. This is certainlyan unsettling ending, but it fits the unsettling tone of the rest of the story. While I may disagree with some of Moore's conclusions, this is a well-written, thought provoking work that deserves to be read and discussed by many.
B00005NTJM|4.0|I understand that many Jethro Tull die-hards consider \\"This Was\\" as the pinnacle of the band's work, and while that sentiment is open to debate, the music forged by the classic line up of Mick Abrahams, Glenn Cornick, Clive Bunker, and Ian Anderson is closer to the heady blues churned out by the original Fleetwood Mac than the later Ian Anderson-centric Tull recordings.<br /><br />Listening to \\"This Was\\" recently, I keep focusing on Mick Abrahams' guitar, straining to hear what he is up to even when Ian Anderson is in the forefront and wailing as on the Roland Kirk cover \\"Serenade to a Cuckoo.\\" Hearing the two work together on \\"Beggar's Farm\\" shows what could have been had these two been able to find more common ground.<br /><br />The rawer, darker sound of \\"This Was\\" keeps this recording in rotation, as opposed to much of the later Jethro Tull catalog which has either been played to death (Aqualung) or thankfully largely ignored (e.g., \\"Roots\\" and \\"J-Tull Dot Com\\").
0312330855|5.0|ames Herriot is a vet in Yorkshire, England, during the 1940's. He is assigned to the practice of Siegfried Farnon, who (together with his mischievous brother Tristan) already have a successful business. James undergoes a variety of adventures during his work, which are just as often caused by the characters of the county (including the Farnon brothers) as the animals in his care.<br /><br />[...]
1592402690|5.0|I FEEL THAT THIS BOOK FILLS IN THE BLANKS OF THE TRUE STORY OF THE BEATLES. I HAVE READ MOST OF THE BOOKS ABOUT THEM , SINCE I TRULY AM A FAN. I WAS IN HIGH SCHOOL WHEN MOST OF THIS HAPPENED. GEOFF'S BOOK IS AN UNVARNISHED ACCOUNT OF THE PERSONALITIES OF THE BEATLES ,AND THEIR INTERPERSONAL RELATIONSHIPS. IN ADDITION , THERE ARE FASCINATING DETAILS CONCERNING SOME OF THE PERIPHERAL CHARACTERS [ GEORGE MARTIN , MAGIC ALEX MARDAS ,ETC. ] AND NONE OF IT IS GOSSIP   !  SOME OF THE STORIES SURPRISED ME [ PAUL PLAYED LEAD GUITAR ON \\"TAXMAN.....\\" ]     I RECOMMEND THIS HIGHLY TO ANYONE INTERESTED IN THE SUBJECT.......
B001KZBK76|4.0|Overall, unlike some other listeners, I like this album better than \\"Beautiful World,\\" which seemed bogged down by a number of undistinguished ballads. \\"The Garden\\" is probably the best song here, and the one that transcends the mainstream subject matter that can make TT seem a little bland. It earns its melodrama better than \\"Greatest Day,\\" which works better with the video - it is drama with little content. This could be the greatest day: why? so what? While some fans wanted a Barlow-dominated album, I found that the variety of voices here gave the album more depth. \\"Up All Night,\\" the Beatlesque \\"Shine\\"-type song of this album, is instantly likable, and its laddish lyrics give the band some much-needed grit. The social commentary of \\"How Did it Come to This\\" similarly earns its hook with a little humor. These are all non-Barlow elements (Mark Owen, mainly) that make the cd more engaging. \\"The Circus,\\" a piece of Barlow-balladry threatens to dissolve in its schmaltziness. Songs like \\"Julia\\" and \\"You\\" veer too close to teen pop, though; they're about *  * this far from the Partridge Family. \\"Hold Up a Light\\" may pander to the band's 02 Arena audiences, but it works, and would have made a good b-side. \\"Said It All\\" is a song with a strong hook, reminiscent of Keane, and, as the last single, rounds out a collection of \\"adult pop\\" with few skip-track moments. Take That are more charming this time around even as they are unabashedly commercial.
B00127RAJY|5.0|[[ASIN:B00127RAJY Jillian Michaels - 30 Day Shred]]  I hadn't worked out in years and was feeling really tired and embarrassed.  Love watching Jillan on The Biggest Loser and knew that if anyone could yell at me and get me to work out, it was her.  I've done Level One and Level Two and love both of them.  They both have moves in them that are challenging enough that even while I'm getting into better shape they are still working my butt off.  LIterally.  I love the fact they are 20 minutes so it's not too time consuming.  Who doesn't have 20 minutes?  After just a week of doing the tape I noticed remarkable differences in my stamina and strength.  I'm really glad I got this tape, I needed it.
B0010DRYPA|4.0|With Greta Garbo opposite John Barrymore you get you money's worth with this one: the film quality of this version sometimes lets you down,<br />but not the acting. They weren't all stars when this came out, but many of the character roles are played by screen greats like Wallace Beery and Joan Crawford ( very young here). The Baron( jewel thief) and the Russian ballet dancer makes for some very important acting in this movie.<br />I liked it!
B00127RAJY|4.0|This is a very challenging workout. I'm still doing the low impact version but getting stronger. I haven't tried level 2 yet, but will soon.
B001DJLCRC|5.0|Breaking Bad is probably one of the best shows on TV and I am so happy to have accidentally \\"bumped\\" into it one night while channel surfing. Not to spoil it for anyone, but it has a very unusual, but very compelling main storyline about a science teacher who resorts to desperate means to generate quick cash. The subplots are also very intriguing. All I can say is thank goodness for basic cable, because without it, quality TV would have gone down the tubes years ago. Another great show on basic cable is [[ASIN:B0015RRNMA Burn Notice - Season One]]. While completely different from Breaking Bad, it is also an underated gem.
1400064287|5.0|I used Made to Stick in a call center to help illustrate points about customer satisfaction. The specific area I was working on was reducing transfers and this book helped me clarify the actions needed from the reps to take care of our customers.    I had read the excerpts in Fast Company and was intrigued yet not convinced so I checked it out from my local library. Once I read it, I was convinced. Even with the tough economic times we are facing, buying Made to Stick is a wise investment in your professional library.
B001MS7IBS|1.0|If only it was fun to watch, but no, it tries to catch the x-files storytelling but it fails horribly. Studid narrative tricks, everything linked to multiverse, whith that you can tell everything and anything without ever clarifying something.    There is absolutely no reason to watch this show it's meaningless, even more when there is fine sci-fi shows like terminator the sarah connor chronicles.
0345446798|5.0|Excellent book. Does a great job of breaking down an understanding of how dogs interpret our actions and speech...all with humor and wit, too. Demonstrates that your relationship with your dog can be made easier  & rewarding with just some basic knowledge of a dog's point of view. I highly recommend this book to even the \\"seasoned\\" dog owner, but for first time dog owners it should be a requirment!
0307387178|5.0|Definitely one of my favorite books.  A very gripping tale of a disenchanted young man looking for more.  Krakauer does an incredible job of making McCandless someone easy to relate to, even though his attitude and actions were ones that hardly anyone would ever share with him.     I have read this book 4 or 5 times since buying it a couple of years ago.  I tried to watch the movie a few months back but turned it off halfway through.  Garbage compared to Krakauer's story.  Do yourself a favor and read this book.
031606792X|5.0|I was a bit wary reading some of the reviews because they were harsh. Then I started wondering, did these people even like the books in the first place? Stop complaining about all the things you hated and realize that if you don't like it then write your own darn book and stop the negativity on this one! Now, that off my chest, I read the book with an open mind. I loved it. It developed and matured and the characters are so real to me, I felt like I could live with the Cullens with out fear! I'm glad Bella was able to develope her \\"mental block sheild' to help others around her, I thought that was awesome. It is a perfect ending to the series and for those who were upset at the happy ending-how can you be true Bella and Edward fans and want tradgey to end their story? I wish I could keep reading about them but all things must come to an end....def. buy the book.
B0000252YK|5.0|Great album from an alltime great rock n roll superstar.  I personnaly prefer this album over Ozzy's first solo album (but that's just me).  Jake E. Lee's guitar playing is amazing.  Not too take away from Randy Rhodes - who was also tremendously gifted - as is Zakk Wilde.  But for me, this album, The Ultimate Sin, just rings true in so many areas.
0060254920|4.0|I thought I had bought a \\"new\\" copy, but it was clearly used when I recieved it. Still good a book though. My 5 year old loves it.
B000002KO1|5.0|I have always loved the Pretenders and got this CD at a great price and shipped in a timely manor. It is in mint condition and plays beautifully.
B000TGJ80S|5.0|This is one of my very favorite movies.  I have watched it so many times.  They could not have chosen anyone better to play the role of Dracula in this movie than Gary Oldman.  His intensity and passion in the part never fails to captivate; how he can make this character at once tragic, evil, vulnerable, bitter, tender, frightening, revolting and beautiful. The style of moviemaking, the sounds, the costumes and sets make this film fascinating, lush, and unique. It's not a perfect movie by any means (the rest of the casting is not so good in a couple of cases), but it's still a treasure.  I'm simply grateful this film exists.    I have the first DVD release of this, and just got this newly remastered one, so I was able to compare them side by side.  The improvement in picture quality on this edition is obvious.  Finer resolution, truer colors, deeper shadows.  I'm not much into DVD extras, but seeing some of the deleted scenes on the bonus disk was fun.  I only wish they would have included the video for \\"Love Song for a Vampire\\".  But as they say, you can't have it all.
B0011UBDTK|4.0|I am very satisfied with this purchase.  The set came in great condition.  Thank you!
630469654X|4.0|First off, I join the ranks of others who love this movie, who think it a classic.  There is nothing else like it.  I could go on and on about the number of things that make LadyHawke wonderful and incredibly special, but I need the Amazon review forum for another reason.  Why is this movie being IGNORED by the studios?  Just about every other movie - including the truly horrendous that don't deserve it - have gotten a remastered special edition of some sort by now.  LadyHawke truly DOES deserve better treatment.  People have requested it.  And I think we're getting to the point of demanding it.  Remastered picture and sound, please.  At the very least a new music score to replace the godawful original APP one (and yes, I thought it horrible back in the day, too, with the exception of the love theme).  The movie Legend has been released with an alternate music score, so it CAN be done.  Why are the fans being ignored?  Just the sheer number of people I see online using the screen name &#34;LadyHawke&#34; is evidence of this film's tremendous following.  So I'm completely baffled as to why this movie is being left to fall into obscurity.  It deserves better, and so do we.
B0009UVBQI|4.0|A friend recommended this movie to me.  I don't usually like Kung Fu movies but gave it a try.  At first, I didn't think I'd like it but about 10 minutes into the movie, I started to get it.  It has some of the funniest scenes you will ever see in a movie.  The knife throwing scene had me absolutely screaming with laughter.  It's kind of like Napoleon Dynamite in that it's not a movie for everyone.  It's violent but in a cartoonish way.  Also, it is subtitled and I know some people don't want to have to read subtitles.  It's honestly hard to describe.  It is a kung fu movie and a comedyand a love story and a morality play and a live action cartoon all in one.  It's one of those movies that you will either love or you'll hate.  I loved it!
0380715430|4.0|I read this book during a summer break while camping, and it was a very enjoyable read.  I have read many unhappy scholars' reviews of this book, that there is misinformation, incorrect facts ... and that might be true ... but for a lucky-unknowing-uncaring reader looking for some fun and lots of laughs ... this is a great choice!
B001IBIQU6|2.0|Afterfollowing these guys since the 80's. I think it's time they just hang it up. Although some tracks were a little catchy, for the most part it was like listening to a bad electronic copy of Pink Floyds \\"Dark Side of the Moon\\".
B0002UOK04|5.0|From the opening track to the ending song, this album will draw you in and never rlease you. Amazing solos!!!!
B001PJRAUS|2.0|It is not to be borne!  This was a wretched adaptation of Pride and Prejudice.  The only redeeming part of this movie was the character of Mr. Bennett, who happened to remain a constant.  I was excited to watch this, being an Austen enthusiast, but wish I could have my three hours returned to me.  I enjoy a good adaptation, but this was not one of them.  The main character was annoying to begin with and continued to worsen throughout the movie.  The soundtrack becomes burned on one's memory, with tendrils of smoke wafting through the air.  Many of the most witty lines are often rushed and mumbled so that you cannot understand them.  The plot was unbelievable and as the movie progressed, the characters would seemingly flip mid-stream as to their convictions.  My family and I all enjoy P&P and all of us feel betrayed by this farce.  We did find it rather fitting that the second portal between the two worlds happened to be a Port-a-Potty - and perhaps, this movie should remain there.<br />If you are to watch this \\"spoof,\\" please bear in mind that it is not like the original.  One of the lines uttered by Amanda Price is \\"Jane Austen would be rolling over in her grave like a cat in a spin cycle,\\" could not be more appropos.
B000AP04OM|5.0|A must have dvd for any Sound of Music fan.  If you have a choice, buy the 40th anniversary edition, it is well worth the few extra dollars.
0061673730|5.0|This book is quite a shattering self-analysis as well as a very painful and thought-provoking book.  The author talks very honestly about the emotional and metaphysical manifestations and symptoms of his mental breakdown.  The book touched me very deeply and will touch anyone who has dealt with depression or knows someone with depression.
B001AVEJ1Y|5.0|Old Trekkers never die, they build a new life. I was completely impressed and amazed with the newest production in a long line of wonderful Star Trek messages. The truth is out there. I absolutely loved this from beginning to end. All the characters, with perhaps one exception - in my opinion - nailed it. Yes, it is another reality, but then choices make our life a long line of choices, rather a catch 22 don't you think. If you like Star Trek at all, don't be afraid to go see this. I've already sign up to be the first to know when it's ready for DVD purchase. Live long and... oh well, you've already seen the movie.
1433502410|5.0|Outstanding study Bible for the student who desires to get a greater understanding of the Bible.  It is a very good tool for research and verse by verse study.  You receive an excellent view of history from a Biblical point of view  as well.  I highly recommend the ESV Study Bible for the serious Bible student.    John B. Trainer  The Trailblazer
B001ED7C58|5.0|I cannot get tired of this album.  The movie is great in its own right, but the soundtrack has such great songs!  I do recommend downloading the additional tracks from iTunes, there is another Rob Pattinson track that is so great, and a soothing version of Clair de Lune with just a piano.  Buy this!
B001GCUNYO|5.0|this movie delivers everything, good story, action, and good acting! there really is nothing else to say but buy it or rent it it is worth it! it isnt drawn out to be two and a half hours for no reason and leaving you bored wishing it was over like a lot of these movies do nowadays. it gets to the point quick and runs quick which is what i like. one of the best surprise movies in a long time!
B001AVEJ1Y|5.0|Mixed with humor, startling special effects, raw emotion and romance, \\"Star Trek\\" serves on all levels.  I am a casual fan of this now heralded sci-fi series, but I was very impressed with this prequel.  I understand that it may not have been well-received by devoted fans, but I for one felt it was the jump start this franchise needed.  Since \\"Enterprise\\" fizzled on TV, Star Trek needed a kick in the pants.  And J. J. Abrams planted one.  If only Lucas could have taken a cue from this film, Star Wars Episodes 1, 2 and 3 would have been fair contenders.
386521584X|5.0|If you want to understand the USA of today, 2009, there's no better time and place to start than with America in the mid 1950s, when the \\"post-war-cold-war-post-cold-war\\" culture first took shape, at the threshold of: rock and roll and youth culture; clvil rights, the end of Jim Crow, 'crossover' culture; global immigration, the culture of diversity; college as a normal expectation for lower-middle class kids; the Beat Generation, Hippies, the turn-on-drop-out culture; two kids, two income families, two cars in every garage, and above all a TV in every home. You'd have been quite a prophet if you'd foreseen 'what we are today' on the basis of 'what we were in 1950,' but the seeds were there.<br /><br />If you want to 'see' the 1950s, you can do it. You don't need a time-machine. The 85 photographs in this famous collection, taken 'on the road' by the German-Swiss Robert Frank, are worth at least 85,000 words. All in black-and-white, eclectic and experimental in darkroom technology, almost none of them of 'famous' people or familiar sights, these carefully and thoughtfully sequenced photographs reveal more of the shadows upon the American Dream than the sparkling spot lights, but they are as uncompromisingly honest as a dental X-ray. Not a speck of caries can be hidden. Frank saw through the superficial smiles of the 1950s to the cavities of core city and rural poverty, racism, sexism, crassness, and forced conformity - the grotesque 1950s that Flannery O'Connor depicted in Wise Blood and other works, that James Dean and Marlon Brando portrayed in films, and that Jack Kerouac tried to flee by taking to \\"the road.\\"<br /><br />If you want to understand Kerouac - or the appeal of Kerouac to a generation of young Americans - you couldn't do better than spend some hours looking at these photos of the culture he fled from. And in fact, Kerouac himself played a role in getting Frank's work recognized and published. The introduction to the first edition of The Americans is possibly Kerouac's most intelligent and coherent piece of social analysis, almost a manifesto of dissatisfaction with the stifling mediocrity of his contemporary USA.<br /><br />Robert Frank was above all a photographer. A camera artist. The compositional and technical innovations that he achieved in this and other thematic collections of photos nudged the aesthetic of photography in directions that are still evident even in commercials during football games or in fashion shots for auto ads. The huge touring exhibit of his work, now on display at the San Francisco Museum of Modern Art, has reminded me of his powerful impact both as a visual artist and as a social commentator. Don't miss it if you have a chance!s most intelligent and coherent piece of social analysis, almost a manifesto of dissatisfaction with the stifling mediocrity of his contemporary USA.    Robert Frank was above all a photographer. A camera artist. The compositional and technical innovations that he achieved in this and other thematic collections of photos nudged the aesthetic of photography in directions that are still evident even in commercials during football games or in fashion shots for auto ads. The huge touring exhibit of his work, now on display at the San Francisco Museum of Modern Art, has reminded me of his powerful impact both as a visual artist and as a social commentator. Don't miss it if you have a chance!
0061689246|3.0|I love Neil Gaiman, I own almost everything he has been a part of. However, this book is for girls, and since I am not a girl I will not review it beyond saying that it did not make me hate females (I'm looking at you Twilight.)
0470449748|5.0|I was supposed to get it just a couple days after I purchased it online, but the USPS messed up so the package was lost somewhere. I contacted them, and they immediately sent me another one. The customer service was very responsive and quick. 5 stars!
B001QWQJ4C|5.0|Ordered this great movie and it arrived in a VERY timely manner and in perfect condition! Would order from this vendor again!
B000002GY9|5.0|This comments posted here are also being used to comment on other Tom Waits albums.     The inner lives of the denizens of that late night diner in the famous painting by the American realist artist Edward Hopper, \\"Nighthawks\\" (1942). The scorching literary sketches of the rich and famous and the skid row bums provided by the late \\"Gonzo\\" journalist Doctor Hunter Thompson, accompanied by the renderings of the artist Ralph Steadman. The jingle-jangle high side lyrics of the legendary folk musician Bob Dylan of the \\"Blood On The Tracks\\" period. The reach into the far side of the part of the psyche exhibited by those down at the base of American society in an earlier period by the novelist Nelson Algren in \\"Walk On The Wild Side\\". And that same reach later by the man of the \\"mean\\" Los Angeles streets, Charles Bukowski. Wrap them all up in a whiskey-soaked, cigarette-scarred, gravelly, rasping voice and you have the idiosyncratic musician Tom Waits. Placed in that same company as above? Yes, by all means. Not a bad place to be, right?    Although I have been listening to the music of one Tom Waits for decades, every since I heard Jerry Jeff Walker  do a cover of his classic song of  loneliness, longing and reaching for the elusive promise of Saturday night dreams in \\"Looking For The Heart Of Saturday Night\\",  I am not familiar with his biography. All I know is that aside from his own far-reaching musical endeavors, as expressed in numerous albums over the years, he has acted in some motion pictures, most notably as a skid row philosopher of sorts in the movie version of William Kennedy's \\"Ironweed\\" (a natural, right?) and has provided the soundtrack music to many movies, most notably the Al Pacino-starring \\"Sea Of Love\\". That Waits soundtrack version of the late 1950's, early 1960's classic teenage anthem to longing and love is just the right example of what Brother Waits means musically to this reviewer. Taking that simple song of teenage longing, Waits' husky-voiced rendition reaches back and turns it into something almost primordial, something that goes back beyond time to our first understandings that we are `alone' in the universe. Enough said.     But so much for all of that because what I really want to mention is the \\"Waits effect\\". Every once in a while I `need' to listen to words and sounds that express the dark, misbegotten side of the human experience.  You know, sagas of Gun Street girls, guys talking \\"Spanish in the halls', people lost out there on the edge of society and the like. Is there anyone today who can musically put it better? If you need to hear about hope, dope, the rope. Wine, women and song or no wine, no women or no song. About whiskey-caked barroom floors, floozies, boozies, flotsam, jetsam, stale motel rooms, cigarette-infested hotels, wrong gees, jokers, smokers and ten-cent croakers. Drifters, grifters, no good midnight sifters. Life on the fast lane, nowhere lane, some back street alley, perhaps, out in the valley. This, my friends is you address. Listen up. Professor Waits is at the lectern.               Small Change, Tom Waits, Electra/Asylum Records, 1976    This is another early Waits album with some now classic material . \\"Tom Traubert's Blues\\", the prophetic pre- Hurricane Katrina \\"I Wish I Was in New Orleans (In The Ninth Ward) and the title track \\"Small Change\\" stick out here.
B0015OKWL2|5.0|This Movie Is So Great. I Love That Theres A Twist At The End Of EveryThing Its Crasy. I Watched A lot Of Movies And This Is A Great Movie.Trust Me Its Not A Let Down At All.
B000001FSR|5.0|The comments posted here are also being used to comment on other Tom Waits albums.     The inner lives of the denizens of that late night diner in the famous painting by the American realist artist Edward Hopper, \\"Nighthawks\\" (1942). The scorching literary sketches of the rich and famous and the skid row bums provided by the late \\"Gonzo\\" journalist Doctor Hunter Thompson, accompanied by the renderings of the artist Ralph Steadman. The jingle-jangle high side lyrics of the legendary folk musician Bob Dylan of the \\"Blood On The Tracks\\" period. The reach into the far side of the part of the psyche exhibited by those down at the base of American society in an earlier period by the novelist Nelson Algren in \\"Walk On The Wild Side\\". And that same reach later by the man of the \\"mean\\" Los Angeles streets, Charles Bukowski. Wrap them all up in a whiskey-soaked, cigarette-scarred, gravelly, rasping voice and you have the idiosyncratic musician Tom Waits. Placed in that same company as above? Yes, by all means. Not a bad place to be, right?    Although I have been listening to the music of one Tom Waits for decades, every since I heard Jerry Jeff Walker  do a cover of his classic song of  loneliness, longing and reaching for the elusive promise of Saturday night dreams in \\"Looking For The Heart Of Saturday Night\\",  I am not familiar with his biography. All I know is that aside from his own far-reaching musical endeavors, as expressed in numerous albums over the years, he has acted in some motion pictures, most notably as a skid row philosopher of sorts in the movie version of William Kennedy's \\"Ironweed\\" (a natural, right?) and has provided the soundtrack music to many movies, most notably the Al Pacino-starring \\"Sea Of Love\\". That Waits soundtrack version of the late 1950's, early 1960's classic teenage anthem to longing and love is just the right example of what Brother Waits means musically to this reviewer. Taking that simple song of teenage longing, Waits' husky-voiced rendition reaches back and turns it into something almost primordial, something that goes back beyond time to our first understandings that we are `alone' in the universe. Enough said.     But so much for all of that because what I really want to mention is the \\"Waits effect\\". Every once in a while I `need' to listen to words and sounds that express the dark, misbegotten side of the human experience.  You know, sagas of Gun Street girls, guys talking \\"Spanish in the halls', people lost out there on the edge of society and the like. Is there anyone today who can musically put it better? If you need to hear about hope, dope, the rope. Wine, women and song or no wine, no women or no song. About whiskey-caked barroom floors, floozies, boozies, flotsam, jetsam, stale motel rooms, cigarette-infested hotels, wrong gees, jokers, smokers and ten-cent croakers. Drifters, grifters, no good midnight sifters. Life on the fast lane, nowhere lane, some back street alley, perhaps, out in the valley. This, my friends is you address. Listen up. Professor Waits is at the lectern.                  Frank's Wild Years, Tom Waits    This one is filled with some very experimental works like \\"Straight To The Top\\"and Frank's Theme\\" More os than some of his other works this is a concept album, and it works. The high here are the two versions of  \\"Innocent When You Dream\\". Know this the song is one of the great modern love songs, and his raspy-voiced renditions showcase that notion. Forget Cole Porter, Forget Irving Berlin. Hell, Forget Frank Sinatra. This is what the love story is all about down at the base of society without the fluff. Kudos, Tom.
0307269752|1.0|It has been a rare experience in my life when I have not finished a book - I could not finish this one.  The sex scenes are violent, descriptions of murder victims graphic  and powerful sadistic imagery.  I stopped reading, threw it away and have since found out that I didn't even find the worse scenes yet.  Disgusting even though I did want to find out the murderer....not worth all the other trash to figure it out.
B000002GYG|5.0|The comments posted here are also being used to comment on other Tom Waits albums.     The inner lives of the denizens of that late night diner in the famous painting by the American realist artist Edward Hopper, \\"Nighthawks\\" (1942). The scorching literary sketches of the rich and famous and the skid row bums provided by the late \\"Gonzo\\" journalist Doctor Hunter Thompson, accompanied by the renderings of the artist Ralph Steadman. The jingle-jangle high side lyrics of the legendary folk musician Bob Dylan of the \\"Blood On The Tracks\\" period. The reach into the far side of the part of the psyche exhibited by those down at the base of American society in an earlier period by the novelist Nelson Algren in \\"Walk On The Wild Side\\". And that same reach later by the man of the \\"mean\\" Los Angeles streets, Charles Bukowski. Wrap them all up in a whiskey-soaked, cigarette-scarred, gravelly, rasping voice and you have the idiosyncratic musician Tom Waits. Placed in that same company as above? Yes, by all means. Not a bad place to be, right?    Although I have been listening to the music of one Tom Waits for decades, every since I heard Jerry Jeff Walker  do a cover of his classic song of  loneliness, longing and reaching for the elusive promise of Saturday night dreams in \\"Looking For The Heart Of Saturday Night\\",  I am not familiar with his biography. All I know is that aside from his own far-reaching musical endeavors, as expressed in numerous albums over the years, he has acted in some motion pictures, most notably as a skid row philosopher of sorts in the movie version of William Kennedy's \\"Ironweed\\" (a natural, right?) and has provided the soundtrack music to many movies, most notably the Al Pacino-starring \\"Sea Of Love\\". That Waits soundtrack version of the late 1950's, early 1960's classic teenage anthem to longing and love is just the right example of what Brother Waits means musically to this reviewer. Taking that simple song of teenage longing, Waits' husky-voiced rendition reaches back and turns it into something almost primordial, something that goes back beyond time to our first understandings that we are `alone' in the universe. Enough said.     But so much for all of that because what I really want to mention is the \\"Waits effect\\". Every once in a while I `need' to listen to words and sounds that express the dark, misbegotten side of the human experience.  You know, sagas of Gun Street girls, guys talking \\"Spanish in the halls', people lost out there on the edge of society and the like. Is there anyone today who can musically put it better? If you need to hear about hope, dope, the rope. Wine, women and song or no wine, no women or no song. About whiskey-caked barroom floors, floozies, boozies, flotsam, jetsam, stale motel rooms, cigarette-infested hotels, wrong gees, jokers, smokers and ten-cent croakers. Drifters, grifters, no good midnight sifters. Life on the fast lane, nowhere lane, some back street alley, perhaps, out in the valley. This, my friends is you address. Listen up. Professor Waits is at the lectern.                  Nighthawks At The Diner\\", Tom Waits, Electra/Asylum Records, 1975    This is another early Waits album with some now classic material . Here there are some monologues interspersed into the material that give it a very West Coast back street night club kind of feel. \\"Emotional Weather Report\\", \\"Nighthawk Postcards\\" and the long intricate almost surreal \\"Big Joe and Phantom 309\\" stick out here.
0312360266|2.0|Great book candy!  Terrific adolescent vamp fun, but has anyone else noticed the blatant Harry Potter rip-off?  I mean, it's just astonishing in its boldness.  It's not an unforgivable sin, of course.  Writers have been re-purposing plot lines for centuries.  But the House of Night/Hogwarts parallel is downright hilarious.  The protagonists both get a sudden summons.  Harry becomes the youngest Seeker. Zoey becomes the youngest and/or only of a whole bunch of different things.  They both become favorites of the school's headmaster.  They both have wealthy blond antagonists at school. The even share \\"special markings\\" on the same body part!!!  I could go on but I'll stop there.  It's just hysterical!  Fun reads, but seriously, Rowling should demand some royalties.
B000002GXS|4.0|This comments posted here are also being used to comment on other Tom Waits albums.     The inner lives of the denizens of that late night diner in the famous painting by the American realist artist Edward Hopper, \\"Nighthawks\\" (1942). The scorching literary sketches of the rich and famous and the skid row bums provided by the late \\"Gonzo\\" journalist Doctor Hunter Thompson, accompanied by the renderings of the artist Ralph Steadman. The jingle-jangle high side lyrics of the legendary folk musician Bob Dylan of the \\"Blood On The Tracks\\" period. The reach into the far side of the part of the psyche exhibited by those down at the base of American society in an earlier period by the novelist Nelson Algren in \\"Walk On The Wild Side\\". And that same reach later by the man of the \\"mean\\" Los Angeles streets, Charles Bukowski. Wrap them all up in a whiskey-soaked, cigarette-scarred, gravelly, rasping voice and you have the idiosyncratic musician Tom Waits. Placed in that same company as above? Yes, by all means. Not a bad place to be, right?    Although I have been listening to the music of one Tom Waits for decades, every since I heard Jerry Jeff Walker  do a cover of his classic song of  loneliness, longing and reaching for the elusive promise of Saturday night dreams in \\"Looking For The Heart Of Saturday Night\\",  I am not familiar with his biography. All I know is that aside from his own far-reaching musical endeavors, as expressed in numerous albums over the years, he has acted in some motion pictures, most notably as a skid row philosopher of sorts in the movie version of William Kennedy's \\"Ironweed\\" (a natural, right?) and has provided the soundtrack music to many movies, most notably the Al Pacino-starring \\"Sea Of Love\\". That Waits soundtrack version of the late 1950's, early 1960's classic teenage anthem to longing and love is just the right example of what Brother Waits means musically to this reviewer. Taking that simple song of teenage longing, Waits' husky-voiced rendition reaches back and turns it into something almost primordial, something that goes back beyond time to our first understandings that we are `alone' in the universe. Enough said.     But so much for all of that because what I really want to mention is the \\"Waits effect\\". Every once in a while I `need' to listen to words and sounds that express the dark, misbegotten side of the human experience.  You know, sagas of Gun Street girls, guys talking \\"Spanish in the halls', people lost out there on the edge of society and the like. Is there anyone today who can musically put it better? If you need to hear about hope, dope, the rope. Wine, women and song or no wine, no women or no song. About whiskey-caked barroom floors, floozies, boozies, flotsam, jetsam, stale motel rooms, cigarette-infested hotels, wrong gees, jokers, smokers and ten-cent croakers. Drifters, grifters, no good midnight sifters. Life on the fast lane, nowhere lane, some back street alley, perhaps, out in the valley. This, my friends is you address. Listen up. Professor Waits is at the lectern.                  The Heart Of Saturday Night, Tom Waits, Electra/ Asylum Records, 1974    This is early Waits and a place where I caught up with his song of longing, searching and just plain \\"screwing around\\". Jerry Jeff Walker's cover of his classic song of longing, \\"The Heart Of Saturday Night\\" got me onto Brother Waits back in the days. Back that up with \\"The Ghosts of Saturday Night\\" here and you have the beginnings of a \\"beautiful\\" friendship.
B0000025JT|5.0|I've long been a huge fan of Barbra's music, but this album remains my favorite (as well as the most commercially successful, at least in Britain) among the many great albums that Barbra has recorded. Anybody who knows my musical tastes will be aware that my favorites aren't necessarily the most commercially successful, but this is one case where the two coincide.<br /><br />For this album, Barbra enlisted the help of the Bee Gees who, at the time, were basking in the glory of their own rejuvenated career following the monumental success of Saturday night fever. Barry Gibb wrote one song (The love inside) and co-wrote all the others, five of them with his brother Robin (one of which, the title track, also co-credits Maurice) and the other three with Albhy Galuten. The songs are all strong and any of them could have been considered for release as A-side singles if they'd been on lesser albums, but even with such a strong album it's easy to detect the standout tracks.<br /><br />The set opens with the title track, a brilliant duet with Barry Gibb that became a hit around the world although it was only a minor hit in Britain. Next comes Woman in love, which was the first single taken from the album and which became Barbra's biggest-ever hit in her glittering career; it was also one of the biggest hits (perhaps THE biggest hit) that the Bee Gees were ever involved with. After beginning with two such outstanding tracks, you might expect the rest of the album to be an anti-climax but it's not so although (of course) nothing else can match Woman in love.<br /><br />The next three songs (Run wild, Promises, The love inside) are great songs in their own right and Barbra sings them all superbly. She then teams up with Barry again for another excellent duet, What kind of fool. Three more excellent songs (Life story, Never give up, Make it like a memory) complete Barbra's masterpiece. Of all the album tracks that weren't released as singles, my favorite is probably Run wild, but it's a difficult choice.<br /><br />So successful was this album, both commercially and artistically, that it seemed that it would only be a matter of time before Barbra teamed up again with the Bee Gees, or at least with Barry. In fact, a quarter of a century elapsed before the sequel, Guilty too, was recorded, but Barry was the only one of the brothers involved in that sequel.<br /><br />When it comes to singers with long, distinguished and varied careers, there are always arguments about what their best music really was. In Barbra's case, I'll always regard this album as her masterpiece although I enjoy listening to many of her other albums too.e.    So successful was this album, both commercially and artistically, that it seemed that it would only be a matter of time before Barbra teamed up again with the Bee Gees, or at least with Barry. In fact, a quarter of a century elapsed before the sequel, Guilty too, was recorded, but Barry was the only one of the brothers involved in that sequel.    When it comes to singers with long, distinguished and varied careers, there are always arguments about what their best music really was. In Barbra's case, I'll always regard this album as her masterpiece although I enjoy listening to many of her other albums too.
159562015X|1.0|[[ASIN:0743201140 Now, Discover Your Strengths]] I bought this book NEW and when I tried to use the access code to take the strengths test online, I got a message that the code was already in use??!  The book is really of no value without this code.  It's annoying that I spent the money on this book, especially since I lost my job, and now I can't even use the book for what it was intended for!  The access codes are apparently only good once.  If someone buys the book online, I would suggest that a working access code be emailed to assure that it's valid.
B000P12LWY|5.0|I have been watching The Tudors since it came on the air and it has grown on me every season.  Yes, this is truly a fictional series based on truth but you won't care as you become engrossed in the series.  A viewer can end up doing research and reading websites and books in search of the truth.  The show is well acted, lush and a lot of fun, which it should be.  Henry VIII went down in history due the creativity of his marriages and his religious beliefs.  His daughter from Anne Boleyn turned out to be Britain's greatest monarch so something came out of it.  A fun show and a great entertainment.  I'm so surprised that Showtime didn't cancel it due to the cost.
1402756399|5.0|This book is a must read for anyone interested in social history.  Very much a social commentary on the life of Darwin with lots of historical facts and prints.  I would highly recommend this book.
B000AOEMXM|5.0|Each Star Trek series is unique. All are worth watching for entire family entertainment...with parental common sense. Current political topics are touched on with balance. And the stories are just plain fun to escape to...a great series of books on video/audio tape.
1416509798|3.0|with all the things the other raters have spoken, i dont think that there is much left to say. so, i'll gloss over things.<br />the construction of the story was infinitely better then 'the moonstone'-his other famous book. 'the moonstone's' premise was a lot more fun.-.<br />though, by chapter 3, you knew that the guy would get the girl at the end, you dont quite know how. as well done as it was, it seemed to be lacking. perhaps it was the length, or perhaps it was an excess of meandering information at times but, well, a person could call it a great work of literature and be absolutely, in every way correct still, how do i say this... when you are finished with the book its done, you dont take away anything from it. there is nothing to wonder about or ponder. the author has been so detailed that everything has been written. its a book that could take you a week to read and when you were done, you could put it on your shelf and never pick it up again because you already know all there could possible be to know about everything that happened.
B000002LOE|1.0|Re-reviewing this album years later I have to say that it really hasn't aged well and I do consider it to be one of their worst albums. This album essentially consists of pop radio singles and B-side material, much like their album, Green. Some fans might like this album and that's fine, but if we're making an honest comparison of Out Of Time with their older albums then it's no contest, their early work is much better.   This album is so watered down and simplified. The tracks Radio Song and Shiny Happy People are just irritating. Their big hit Losing My Religion has never done anything for me. They've made better songs featuring the mandolin and I can't stand the heart on my sleeve pretentiousness of this track, it represents everything wrong with mainstream R.E.M. It's an overrated and overplayed tune. Low, Near Wild Heaven, Endgame, Half A World Away, and Me In Honey are all B-Side material. Mediocre at best. Belong sounds like a Chrisitan Rock song, it's terrible. Country Feedback is one of the most dull and lifeless songs I think I've ever heard from them. Texarkana is perhaps the only proper classic sounding R.E.M. track here but I don't care for the vocals that much because Mike Mills, the bassist and back up singer, is doing them. At best that is an average song.   Now this is a popular and commercial album for them but it truly is an awful release by them containing subpar material and that's the bottom line. Even if someone enjoys the well known tracks here, the deeper cuts really don't support the album as a whole. They have made much better albums than this and overall there's hardly a song here worth listening to and that is why I give it a rating of 1/5.
1441498141|5.0|This was the book that freed many people from foolish thinking.<br /><br />I had always planned to read it, but kept putting it off until I had a long train ride....it was simply powerful!  Darwin is not out of date, or 'wrong' its so clear, and scientific (yet easy to read and understand) that one can see why it is read by university grads over and over again.<br /><br />This is a book for every free thinker's library!
0307266303|5.0|What a great book -- and great story -- this is! This book is certain to re-energize the sport, and the sheer joy and fun, of running. Not since the whole running craze began has there been a book that could recapture the simple joy of running. But in this case, there's a definitive message: running has been hijacked by big shoe companies, running fadists, and commercial interests, including \\"Runners World\\" magazine, which is nothing more than a rag-sheet for the hoity-toity, willing to spend a grand on running shoes, the latest in watches, \\"nutrition,\\" and all the rest that took a wonderful, mind-bending experience and turned it into big business.  Well, long before Dr. Sheehan and Arthur Lydiard, the Tarahumara Indians of Mexico's Copper Canyon were running -- and living long healthy lives just ... for the fun of it!  It was part of their lives, which, without modern medicine, telephones, computers, EPSN, or Nike, New Balance, and Asics, they took to a real art form and more: it was just a part of their culture.  This book, in a unique way, captures those heady, early days of the running craze, but with a remarkable twist and a remarkable cast of characters:  a big, lumpy, would-be runner (the author), never able to overcome the continuous string of running-related injuries; the unique collection of odd-ball, but wonderfully \\"American\\" ultra-marathoners, who did it just for the love of a sport that no pro football, basketball, or baseball player paid millions of dollars would even dare try; and most engagingly, a shy, indigeous band of Indians, trying to live simple lives deep in a canyon in Mexico's Sierra Madre Mountains, where just the latest enemies to their centuries-old way of life are the violent drug cartels.  Very simply, I couldn't put this book down. Well, I did, midway through, but only to go to a soccer field next door and run a few laps around barefooted, just to come back, pick up where I left off, and start surfing the 'Net to see if I, too, couldfind shoes that let me run like I was \\"Born to Run.\\"  It's a great book. If you read it and don't want to go running barefooted yourself ... well, there's something wrong with you!
0743482832|2.0|Worlds better than Cymbeline, but not as good as Pericles. I did like how the plot seemed fresh and new, unlike some of Shakespeare's other works. The opening scene with the storm was really cool. I didn't like the fact that Sebastian and Antonio weren't punished, b/c I just don't buy their \\"conversion\\"--I still think they'd betray Alonso and/or Prospero again in a heartbeat. Also, I felt like the romance b/n Miranda and Ferdinand was a little too quick to be believable. Interesting, but just a one-time read.
B00004TS0E|5.0|I have always loved this movie..the old and the new versions..sometimes remakes are not as good as the old ones, but this was.  This video was in good condition as promised and I am happy with my purchase.
0312383320|5.0|I thought this book was very funny! I had a great time reading this adventure and read it in one sitting. Having never read any of the Stephanie Plum novels before this all of the characters were new to me, including Stephanie herself, so I didn't have to judge this book against the number series as so many reviewers seem to have done. I came here today to order more of them, but I think I'll pass on the number series for now as it seems to jade the reader in some way that they then don't enjoy the between the numbers series. I loved Diesel, Wulf, Carl, the residents of the Pine Barrens, the family & co-workers... all of them! And I thought the story was very well put together and progressed at a perfect rate, not too slow and not too fast. I've been a big Carl Hiaasen fan for many years and this reminded me of his Florida series with the crazy characters and zany adventures strewn throughout the story. I laughed hard enough to have to put the book down a few times and wipe the tears away!<br />Back to my cart now to find the rest of them! Thank you Janet Evanovich!
0380730405|4.0|Rebecca is a chilling book that follows the life of the second Mrs. Maxim de Winter and her experiences trying to outlive the ghost of her predecessor, Rebecca.  She meets Maxim while serving in the employ of a Mrs. Van Hopper--a rude American who hires the narrator to be a companion.  She hates Mrs. Van Hopper but doesn't see much other option for herself since her parents died and left her penniless.<br /><br />Upon Mrs. Van Hopper becoming ill, the narrator and Mr. de Winter strike up a friendship that turns into something more and eventually marry.  It's upon the return to Mr. de Winter's estate, Manderley, that things start  to get interesting and complicated for the narrator.  We follow along as she deals with family, the servants and former friends, and attempts to make a happy life for herself and Maxim.  The mysterious death of Rebecca haunts the main character though she can't quit pinpoint why, and we follow her through her daily routine until she discovers what happened and why it's important to her.<br /><br />I found the book tedious at points.  The writing is very tightly wound up in the narrator's mind and we follow her thoughts through several permutations of \\"what could have happened\\" or \\"what might be happening\\" or \\"what other people are currently thinking about her\\", etc.  I never felt like putting the book aside, however, but I did find it difficult to get into in the beginning.  And it isn't until around p. 200 (in my edition) that it becomes gripping...and the book is indeed gripping, and I finished the last 200pp in an evening and the following afternoon.<br /><br />Recommended.
B001FSDOZO|5.0|The seller responded quickly to my order & I received the product sooner than I expected.  I would definitely order from this seller again.
B001MS7IBS|1.0|Terrible 'plot'. Bad Acting. Bad writing.     And if by some miracle it does get better, can you really trust FOX? They will just cancel it anyway. Does Firefly or Terminator: The Sarah Connor Chronicles ring a bell? Great shows canceled prematurely. Do not let this happen to you. Just avoid this terrible show from the start.
B00023B1LM|5.0|This is a excellent video, I am very please to see this much action in just over ninety minutes.  The plot is a bit hard to follow in some places however, if you like Matt Damon this is a truly great movie.
B0009LNRLE|4.0|A friend of mine who I turned on  to Amon Dull II using Yeti discribed them as a \\"rich man's Hawkwind.\\" We are both major Hawkwind fans, so this is not an insult, but that phrase was right on the money.<br /><br />Yeti fetures long, dark, winding jams. The album is one spooky, intense experiance, and is magnified when your hearing it non stop on CD. The long sheets of music, and noise, create an almost endless tunnel of sound. These jams are repetative, so as to be hypnotic, drawing you in deeper and deeper to Yeti's black vortex. Hippiedom  was great in 1967, but by the time this came out, the counterculture was evolving into something angrier and darker. Yes, Sgt. Pepper was great, but this is the BAD acid.<br /><br />Hawkwinds music can have the same impact, but Amon Dull II seem more interested in writting complicated parts and inserting them into their music, where Hawkwind exploit the possibilities of a few chords. Amon Dull also layers a lot more onto each number.<br /><br />Tranz Lemmings is more advanced and diverse, and to me, this is Amon Dull II's true masterpiece. But Yeti is essential in understanding the darker end of the counter-culture, and the darker side of Kraut rock, and if you don't sit through and really experiance this album, you really are missing out.<br /><br />I mean, how can you resist an album that fetures an ugly lady waving a sickle.<br /><br />7/27/09: I got the following note in the comments section. Evidently I made a gender mistake, and  thank my brother in German Prog  for the correction. Bill<br /><br />The \\"ugly lady\\" on the cover is actually Wolfgang Kriske, who lived with the other members of the band at their German commune. He apparently died at his parents' home when he took an a--id trip in the middle of winter, fell asleep (which is hard to do when you're tripping, methinks), and never awoke. I think he looks like Iggy Pop when he was in The Stooges.
045122499X|5.0|Simply put, this book is utterly magnificent.  It is a captivating tale of life in 14th century England and the challenges, successes and setbacks encountered by the characters.  Much has been said in other reviews about the plot so I won't bother to rehash it here.    I especially enjoyed how the characters' stories and lives were so intertwined.  I also enjoyed the balance, in that no one character ever seemed to rise too high.  Nobody seemed to have unadulterated success - for every boon granted to the character it seemed that there was always some aspect of hardship that was already present or due to come.    Follett does an excellent job of creating characters that are multi-dimensional.  I was truly passionate about each of the main characters and will remember them for a long time.  I wanted desperately to see the good characters of Merthin, Caris, Gwenda, and Wulfric succeed, and was eager to see Godwyn, Philemon, Ralph and Elfric fail.  By the end, things may have been fairly predictable, but still all in all, extremely satisfying.    If I have a slight complaint, there was one loose end that I felt Follett never addressed or wrapped up.  At the very beginning of the book, Gwenda steals the purse of Merthin and Ralph's father.  This causes their family to be disgraced and really sets the stage for the life paths that Merthin and Ralph are left with.  All throughout the book, I was hoping for some sort of apology or acknowledgement of the theft by Gwenda to Merthin or Caris or Ralph, but it never happened.  It would have been nice to have had Gwenda tell this to Ralph in one of the key final scenes, or to see if Caris and Merthin would have been able to accept the fact that they had been friends for 40 years with someone who had been a root cause of so much hardship for Merthin's family.    All in all, this is a book not to be missed.  I actually cried when I finished it, because for the past four weeks I have found myself lost in its pages.
076790592X|5.0|If you feel like your 9-5 job is just a \\"means to an end\\" type job, I highly suggest reading this.  Being only 25 myself I feel the lessons learned from this book could very well change my life for the better. It showed me to go out and do what you love, materialistic junk is not the answer.
B0015DYIH2|3.0|I read the Twilight Saga in under two weeks.  The books were easy reads, and quite enjoyable to follow.  I got lost in the Cullen world and had fun reading the love story between Bella and Edward.  By the middle of Breaking Dawn, I found myself skipping sentences that seemed familiar to me.  Meyer's writing style is fairly repetitive and she loves to use similar phrases in her books.  I suppose this is for the \\"tween\\" fans who may have a more limited word bank.  In any case, I knew the ending because it was pretty obvious what was going to happen. Bella's constant fear of dying toward the end of the book was rather annoying, I felt like we had been there many times before.  It would have made the book much more interesting if this were a tragic love story, however, I doubt it would have went over well with the target audience for this series.  I enjoyed the ride!
B000VECAEO|2.0|by the 9th and final season, pretty much all the magic was gone.  it had become an obnoxious charicature of itself.  the fact that   people give it five stars is highly suspect.  and the final episode  was embarrassing...    - cRAIG
B001ED7C58|5.0|I became an obsessed fan of the movie and every bit as much attracted to this soundtract; it brought me back to the movie while I was reading the next book and gave my imagination the pictures of the characters all too vividly going through my head so that my own movie was being played without even being put out there yet. I cannot tell you how much I truly enjoyed all of this music, and I am old enough to be a mother to most of these characters--I am very musically inclined as are most of my family -so all of us enjoy a great variety of choices in tastes of music, and this is surely one of my top choices.
4789009637|4.0|This book, while obviously dated (tapes are the only media in the vocabulary), presents a great deal of information in a ordered and concise form.  If I hadn't read other reviews, I wouldn't know that the verb forms in the book are not the most likely to be used.  The book works very well as part of a university course.
B001MYIXAW|5.0|I understand your complaints about the audio setup for the movie: maybe most of you saw it in the theaters so of course you'd be upset.  The fact of the matter is that I didn't have the liberty of seeing it in the theaters and just on a hunch rented it the other night...and loved it!!!  I then found out about the bad subtitles after, but you know what?  It didn't ruin the film for me: I stilled loved it, so I'm buying it anyway.  Magnolia said that they are going to wait until current copies are sold out before the theatrical sub will be release anyway...so why don't you guys just chill out...don't return the copy you've already purchased: you obviously loved the film so keep it as a collector's copy...albeit with bad english subs and buy the good copy when it's released.  Don't deter fans of the genre from seeing/purchasing this film.  It's still worth the price!!!  Fans will know how great this movie is when they watch and when the good sub comes out it will be even better!!!
1439138311|4.0|Eilis Lacey is an Irish lass in Ireland who grows into an Irish Woman in Brooklyn only to return to Ireland.  The transformation and the romantic tragedy carry you along as you read.  That being said, the scenes in Ireland ring most true and authentic (having lived in both locations in my life, I feel I can say this).  The characters in Brooklyn didn't seem as well-developed and the story seemed weaker in this setting. However, I'm giving the book four stars rather than five mostly because as much as it is a smooth read, I'm not sure it's a book you'll reread.  However, you'll like Eilis as a well-drawn, honest character that you wish lived in another time.
B001SN78JO|4.0|I was pretty much over Jim Carrey's crazy over the top funny movies but I liked the idea behind a man that decides to say YES to everything and had to check it out. It was surprisingly good yet not really annoying like I thought it could be. It also didn't hurt that Zooey Deschanel was in it, she can really do no wrong in my mind (well besides The Happening er) and also Rhys Darby from Flight of the Concords!<br /><br />And this is going to sound weird and probably make no sense, but it was kind of like Slumdog Millionaire in the sense that everything was connected and I liked that. In this case it was a funny thing but it still worked really well.<br /><br />I also thinks the concept of saying YES to everything can give us something to think about. I'm sure a lot of us, me especially included could take more chances, be more open minded, and say YES more often!<br /><br />Overall a hilarious but not over the top movie with a interesting concept!
1905654294|5.0|Less than a month ago, I 'discovered' Stephenie Meyer by way of her brilliant sci-fi novel, \\"The Host\\" (a book I highly recommend you read).  Being a 50+ year old male, I didn't think that \\"Twilight\\" would appeal to me, but decided to take a chance and bought the first book, \\"Twilight\\".  Needless to say, I liked it enough to read all four books.    I was most worried about \\"Breaking Dawn\\", having seen the lower Amazon score.  My worries were unfounded.  This is a great book, possibly my favorite of the four.  I have seen a fair number of complaints about how this novel ends.  I have none.  In fact, I'm impressed by how expertly, and creatively the various conflicts are worked out, while conforming to broad story arc of the four novels.    The discussions about Stephenie Meyer being a bad writer are just silly, and a big waste of time, IMO.  I will single out S. King's comments as especially inapproprate.  I found it shocking that an author of his stature would make such a comment -- very unprofessional, and wrong.    A great writer knows their intended audience, and writes in a way that is appropriate for that audience.  The audience here is young adults (especially females) and older.  I can't think of a narrative style that would be more appropriate for the younger female audience.      Furthermore, the narrative 'voice' is first person.  The first person characters (Bella and Jacob) in these books are teens, and therefore the narrative can and *should* have a teen feel to it.  If that means a little repetitiveness, or 'gushing' of feelings, that is precisely what some teenagers do.    Consider me a big fan of this series now -- something a month ago I would have NEVER predicted.  This is a simply a great fantasy/romance series, one that tells an exciting story, and also presents some life lessons that everyone can benefit from -- learning how to listen to, respect, and cooperate with those whom you initially distrust.  And, more importantly, how family, friendships, working together, and love can help overcome great obstacles and hardship in a person's life.    The movie \\"Twilight\\", based on the first book, is quite good, too, and will be enjoyed by both those who have read, and not read the series (my wife falls into the latter category).
B001TH16DS|4.0|I have just finished watching the release of the Blu-Ray edition of Star Trek the Original Series, Season 1.  First off, let me say that the colors are clean and bright and I found the sound to be improved over previous releases.  That said, the menu leaves a lot to be desired.  You cannot select a specific episode to watch because there is no episode menu. You have to watch them one-by-one.  The picture only takes up 2/3 of the screen so you have this annoying chopped-off look at the sides, and this is in wide view. As another reviewer states, the discs are blank and do not list the episodes presented on each disc.  Overall, I enjoyed it, but thought that some things could have been better.
B0000640VO|5.0|I am not going to give you a break-down of this movie, because it is described below countless times.   You have to see this movie if you haven't. It's magical, beautiful and well-crafted. From the director the  movie \\"City of Lost Children\\".   It will make you smile quite often... If not, then you probably can't read subtitles or don't have an imagination.   I rate this movie up there with \\"Magnolia\\", \\"American Beauty\\" and \\"Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind\\".  You will want to see this more than once, so just buy the DVD.
B00006G8HX|3.0|After Spock dies from radiation and dropped on the Genesis planet, he is slowly reborn! Kirk and the crew are forced to go rogue, and steal the Enterprise in order to go save him. They must deal with greedy Klingons who want to control Genesis. This isn't one of the best sequels, but it's pretty good! If you are a Trekkie, you'll love STAR TREK III: THE SEARCH FOR SPOCK!!!
B001PL4HZW|5.0|This CD is awesome! i especially love the added tracks and bonus features! Can't wait for New Moon
B0000683DH|3.0|This is a pretty good sequel! Khan is back and wants revenge for what Kirk did to him in the past. Khan also wants to control the Genesis planet. Genesis is a living planet that brings life. Will Kirk and the Enterprise crew be able to stop him? If you are a Trekkie, you'll love STAR TREK II: THE WRATH OF KHAN!!!
B001MEJY8W|5.0|Prior to viewing this, I had heard all kinds of advanced word on this film. Love it or hate it, it was reported to be the most brutal and ferocious movie in decades. Now, a lot of independent movies get lots of fan love at film festivals but only marginally live up to it's reputations.  I, however, and very satisfied and find it easily to be the equal of last year's Inside, another amazing French import.  Sharp and brutal, it is certainly not a film for everyone.  I can even understand the reported walk-outs it supposedly elicited at film festivals.  That being said, any estimation of its ferocity should be measured along side its potential audience.  While unseasoned viewers may indeed be met with the most brutal, uncompromising movie experience of their lives, I'm sure spectators more accustomed to horror violence will fare much better.  For the ladder demographic, it is highly recommended and well worth the purchase price.
B001NESPHC|5.0|If you consider Nat King Cole an indispensable element of your library, I encourage you to buy this album immediately.  Although I think I'm partial to Track 3/Who Will Comfort Me, every track demonstrates the care and extraordinary attention necessary to surprise and delight listeners. While [[ASIN:B000WTNCYA Worrisome Heart]] is rarely far from our players, this album may never get out of the slot.
B000SMWUPS|4.0|After reading bad reviews of the Phil & Teds cup holder accessories, I decided to try this generic one.  I was worried that the velcro wouldn't be sturdy enough, but it fits perfectly on the stroller handle, hangs securely and holds two drinks and my cell phone/keys in the middle.  I don't know that I'd cruise along with hot coffee, but for a bottle of water it does the trick.  I have a Phil & Ted's Classic stroller.
B000Q6GUW0|5.0|Television has been called a vast wasteland. I've heard people rant and rave for years about having so many channels and nothing to watch on TV. And then I started looking at two things. The first was my television watching schedule which has actually begun cutting into my DVD watching schedule (so little time, so much to watch). Then I looked at my shelving unit and noticed the number of TV series collections there. People are wrong. There is plenty good to watch on TV. And DEXTER is an example of it.<br /><br />For those who aren't aware, DEXTER is a series on Showtime, so many of you might not have seen it. If that's the case you're in luck because the series has been released on DVD. While season two has just hit shelves in blu-ray format, the focus here is season one.<br /><br />Dexter Morgan (Michael C. Hall) is a forensics blood splatter expert for the Miami police department. His job is to help collect and understand evidence found at the scene of a crime that involves blood and blood splatter patterns. Oh, and on the side, Dexter is a serial killer.<br /><br />Stay with me here because he's not a bad guy really. Well...then again maybe he is. After all he is a murderer multiple times over. The difference is that Dexter only kills bad guys. Dexter kills murderers, pedophiles, arsonists and the like that got off due to some technicality. But he always verifies that they were guilty before taking them out of the picture.<br /><br />Dexter's foster father Harry (James Remar) was a police man who found Dexter at the scene of a crime before adopting him. Harry recognized the killing instinct found in Dexter at an early age so he helped him to channel that, to use rules that he established for Dexter, to get through life. And via Harry's rules, Dexter now kills bad guys using his job as a means to find just the right victims.<br /><br />So there is the basic set up for the series. But it's so much more than that, filled with layer upon layer of subtext and inner meaning that is revealed as the series progresses.<br /><br />Season one focuses first on letting us know who Dexter is and who the surrounding cast of characters involved with him are. First off is his sister Deb (Jennifer Carpenter), a seemingly spastic patrol officer dying to become a homicide detective. Deb's enthusiasm for the job is off set by her self deprecating ways and the giddiness she exhibits for all things.<br /><br />At the stations there are two main characters who affect Dexter. The first is Lt. Maria Laguerta (Lauren Velez) his direct supervisor who at times seems to have a personal interest in Dexter. A woman who's made it where she is by hard work, she has a storyline of her own involving police office politics as the series progresses.<br /><br />The second is Sgt. James Doakes (Eric King), Dexter's apparent nemesis. Doakes is a hard boiled cop from top to bottom, a no nonsense sort who wants answer and wants them now. Doakes is constantly badgering Dexter, offering everything from name calling to in your face attitude. One would think that eventually the two of them would reach a point where there wouldn't be room for both of them in Miami. One would think.<br /><br />Along with these major players there is an assortment of cast members in the squad who round out the ensemble in the best way possible. And each gets enough screen time in season one to make them a character to care about. The interaction between them on a personal level comes into play as the layers of Dexter unravel.<br /><br />On the personal side, Dexter actually has a girlfriend. Normal on the outside, but not within. It seems Dexter has taken her as his girlfriend to help appear normal. It is through his thoughts (voice over into Dexter's mind runs throughout the series) concerning her that he lets us know he is devoid of emotion, that he has no feelings. His involvement with her is purely as a means to offer him cover.<br /><br />Rita (Julie Bienz) is a battered wife, or atleast she was. Dexter's sister was on call when her ex was arrested. Paul, her ex, was a wife beater extreme and a drug user to boot. Now in prison, he gets release part way into season one and a subplot here involving him trying to reinsert himself into his family's life crosses Dexter's life as well.<br /><br />With characters and plot lines established, you would expect the series to kick off with Dexter showing what he can do. Instead, Dexter finds himself in a competition of sorts when a new serial killer hits Miami. And this killer is leaving calling cards that Dexter not only finds discomforting but amazing as well. He's impressed with the style and artistic ability of the killer who leaves his victims in pieces and drained of blood.<br /><br />As each episode continues the tale, we find that this new killer referred to as the Ice Truck Killer (when it's discovered that he uses one to haul victims from their murder location to where he leaves their bodies) knows something about Dexter. He leaves small clues at first for Dexter to find. Eventually he leaves Polaroid's of Dexter's past as well. It seems that the perfect serial killer is being stalked by his own serial killer.<br /><br />Season one not only defines who the character of Dexter is it offers the world he lives in and tosses in his biggest match to boot. How Dexter became who he is and what influences him is told in flashback. His motivations are shown by the end of this season as is the identity of the Ice Truck Killer. But will that change who Dexter is? Doubtful since season four begins soon.<br /><br />What makes this show so unique is that it combines one of the most frightening characters one can imagine, a soul less who cares serial killer, with one of the wittiest funny line spouting people seen on TV. Dexter tosses off subtle one liners non-stop and each one offers a glimpse behind the mask and a laugh as well.<br /><br />But the amazing thing is that not only do we find ourselves repulsed and attracted to the same character, we find in the writing that there is more to him than is even he realizes. The character of Dexter may think he possesses no emotions whatsoever but his emotions run deeper than he realizes. And it seems as though his journey of self revelation may be what's driving the series forward in later seasons.<br /><br />Also Dexter offers something that many of us would never want to admit we seek. An avenging angel out there doing what so many would love to know is going on but at the same time turn their head and condemn on the outside. Like Jack Bauer of \\"24\\", a hero who uses tactics we claim to hate while hoping someone like him exists to protect us, Dexter is the privately admired solution for those who feel that the worst of criminals are let lose on technicalities. We would fear someone like Dexter while at the same time would love to see someone who doesn't let the bad guy get away with murder. Even though this is what Dexter does, murder.<br /><br />There is no way to offer up in this short space just what it is that Dexter is about. Police procedural. Police politics. Serial killer. Murder mystery. Family complexities. Killing tutorial. Hilarious dark comedy. All are a part of Dexter and all come together in a fantastic package.<br /><br />If you're not afraid to try something a little different, then you need to give Dexter a try. I know the season one set I watch belonged to my son. After watching I intend to get a copy of my own. And to continue with it down the line. I'm already hard at work watching season two on blu-ray to write about. Unusual, quirky, off beat, scary, normal...all are words that define Dexter. And yet none can explain what this series is all about. Watch and see.s a wife beater extreme and a drug user to boot. Now in prison, he gets release part way into season one and a subplot here involving him trying to reinsert himself into his family's life crosses Dexter's life as well.     With characters and plot lines established, you would expect the series to kick off with Dexter showing what he can do. Instead, Dexter finds himself in a competition of sorts when a new serial killer hits Miami. And this killer is leaving calling cards that Dexter not only finds discomforting but amazing as well. He's impressed with the style and artistic ability of the killer who leaves his victims in pieces and drained of blood.    As each episode continues the tale, we find that this new killer referred to as the Ice Truck Killer (when it's discovered that he uses one to haul victims from their murder location to where he leaves their bodies) knows something about Dexter. He leaves small clues at first for Dexter to find. Eventually he leaves Polaroid's of Dexter's past as well. It seems that the perfect serial killer is being stalked by his own serial killer.    Season one not only defines who the character of Dexter is it offers the world he lives in and tosses in his biggest match to boot. How Dexter became who he is and what influences him is told in flashback. His motivations are shown by the end of this season as is the identity of the Ice Truck Killer. But will that change who Dexter is? Doubtful since season four begins soon.    What makes this show so unique is that it combines one of the most frightening characters one can imagine, a soul less who cares serial killer, with one of the wittiest funny line spouting people seen on TV. Dexter tosses off subtle one liners non-stop and each one offers a glimpse behind the mask and a laugh as well.    But the amazing thing is that not only do we find ourselves repulsed and attracted to the same character, we find in the writing that there is more to him than is even he realizes. The character of Dexter may think he possesses no emotions whatsoever but his emotions run deeper than he realizes. And it seems as though his journey of self revelation may be what's driving the series forward in later seasons.     Also Dexter offers something that many of us would never want to admit we seek. An avenging angel out there doing what so many would love to know is going on but at the same time turn their head and condemn on the outside. Like Jack Bauer of \\"24\\", a hero who uses tactics we claim to hate while hoping someone like him exists to protect us, Dexter is the privately admired solution for those who feel that the worst of criminals are let lose on technicalities. We would fear someone like Dexter while at the same time would love to see someone who doesn't let the bad guy get away with murder. Even though this is what Dexter does, murder.    There is no way to offer up in this short space just what it is that Dexter is about. Police procedural. Police politics. Serial killer. Murder mystery. Family complexities. Killing tutorial. Hilarious dark comedy. All are a part of Dexter and all come together in a fantastic package.       If you're not afraid to try something a little different, then you need to give Dexter a try. I know the season one set I watch belonged to my son. After watching I intend to get a copy of my own. And to continue with it down the line. I'm already hard at work watching season two on blu-ray to write about. Unusual, quirky, off beat, scary, normal...all are words that define Dexter. And yet none can explain what this series is all about. Watch and see.
0765301598|2.0|Oh, for proper editing. I am a long term Dune fan having read the original back in high school long, long ago. Frank Herbert had the remarkable imagination to make up histories, societies, cultures and religions. I can still go back to the first three Dune novels and marvel. Many scenes are still etched in memory. I have read all the foregoing Dune prequels. None are memorable. Much of the dialog is contrived. In as much as they worked some off of Dad's notes they fill in the some of the history.  Battle for Corrin is another plodding addition. Why, oh, why does every character have to be reintroduced every chapter at the expense of true development? Why does prequel history have to be reiterated over and over? Why does the language have to be so stilted. This series could have been half the size with twice the pacing. It is almost as if the authors do not trust their audiences' intelligence. Nostalgically I want to like it, but it is hard to maintain attention. Much like director's cut DVDs, the whole trilogy could do with combining into one manuscript, severely editing redundancy and working out the plot holes. Then divide it into 2 or 3 much shorter, punchier, more logical books. Not likely to happen.
B001VEE5KK|5.0|This film was beautifully done in every way from beginning to end. It was absolutely captivating throughout. Kate Winslet was superb--as usual. David Kross was nothing short of perfect! Great plot, great acting, great writing, great directing, great cinematography. What more can you ask for?
0743270754|5.0|Its pretty easy to see why Kearns Goodwin is a bestselling author. I'd read fifty pages before I realised I was reading a book - I felt like I was *there*. Unmissable.
B0008ENHUI|5.0|Usually, after reading a long book filled with many interesting adventures, watching a two-hour film later winds up being a big disappointment. There is no way a film can give you anywhere near the info you glean from a book, especially one over 500 pages as is the case with \\"Papillion.\\"    Yet, despite most of Henri Charriere's incredible feats of survival, (\\"Papillion\\" was Charriere's nickname) this 2.5-hour movie is above average. It gives enough of a flavor to have the viewer appreciate - at least to some degree - the brutal trials and tribulations Papillion went through.     If you enjoyed this film, the book is a \\"must-read\\" for you and very highly-recommendly.  You won't believe all the things Charriere experienced: good and bad.    Steve McQueen, playing \\"Papillion,\\" was excellent.  He was particularly good at showing the physical effects of years of solitary confinement.  By the way, in real life, Charriere was much younger went sent to jail than McQueen was at the time this movie was shot.  Papillion should have been played by a younger actor, but who's going to complain when you get an actor of McQueen's caliber?      Dustin Hoffman also was great as Papillion's friend, \\"Louis Dega,\\" who had a bigger role in the movie than he did in the book.  For the most part, Papillion had a number of friends, all helping him over the years.  Hoffman also provided some good comic relief to the movie and, heaven knows, it needed it. Take it from someone who has read the book: this is a grim story, worse than what you saw on screen here.    Nevertheless, thanks to the two leading actors and the wonderful work by Director Franklin Schaffner and Cinematogher Fred Koenekamp, this long film entertained.  No, it wasn't the caliber of the book, but it's didn't insult it, either, and is definitely worth a look.
B000A2W1X2|5.0|I don't need to add any information to all these glowing reviews except to say I loved it too, and generally I don't like romance movies... they are too predictable and done to formula. Not true here. In fact rather than saying this is a beautiful romance film, I'd say this is a beautiful human interest film with a romantic angle.
B001PA0FFO|5.0|This movie is a wonderful adaptation of a really great, award winning play. It is for people of intelligence and people who are educated. It poses the question of doubt and leaves it to the viewer to make his or her own judgments and draw one's own conclusions. It is meant to make you think...
B001GKJ2E8|2.0|I can't believe Morgan Freeman showed up for this film.  It is gross!  You would have to love violence, cursing, hate, brutality, and incredibly sick characters in order to tolerate this film.
B001OW5NF0|5.0|I'm a new fiction writer (not published, yet) so please take this review with that in mind.<br /><br />One thing this book has helped me with is making the start of my draft much easier to read. I believe it will be one of the tools I have discovered to help me get published.<br /><br />But the one thing this book does for me is to provide the assurance I need that I have included the key points that will, with additional rewrites and luck, get my story noticed.
B00003CX8Y|5.0|This movie is a timeless classic and well worth the watch. A character for everyone resides in this movie to relate to. One of disney's best movies up there with Snow White and Sleeping Beauty, this movie is simply beaustiful.
0739321005|1.0|i have sent a message telling you that I never received the product. when the product is received, i will happily review it.
B001XJEKGC|4.0|Although I caught the Cream reunion, I missed this one (unfortunately). These two artists completely complement each other (and hopefully Winwood will finally receive recognition as a great guitar player in his own right). Some of the songs have been played better (Had to Cry Today - original version and the one at the recent Crossroads reunion (no harmony guitar parts, boys!), and of course, NOBODY can top Hendrix playing Hendrix). Those quibbles aside, it was a great show. As these guys are in their mid-sixties, I expect shows of this energy will not be happening with much frequency in the not too distant future. Both artists are priceless gems. Enjoy the glitter of the moment!
B00008NG5V|5.0|was a fan after curious george and have come to realize his talent goes far beyond fun children's music.. his laid back vibe and feel good lyrics have a way of adding tender therapy to the music soul..    love this, fast ship, great stuff
B00003CXB4|5.0|I ordered this movie and the first one that came didn't play correctly. It kept stopping and jerking through the movie. When I emailed the seller and told them the problem a second movie was sent with no issues. I received tip top service and the second movie plays. I highly recommend this seller.
B001E2JNA6|5.0|I watched this Blue Ray version in awe. It was so clearly an advance over the DVD program that I had it was like watching a new movie. You are able to see and somehow understand the expressions of the actors which you were unaware of in the previous editions. I am sure that I have seen the original DVD about 10 times(and the VHS version several times before that).   All these previous viewings did not prepare me for the outstanding BLUE RAY version. The sound was also just perfect and added immensly to the overall program.
B0024F08RO|5.0|Prison Break is the best show ever shown on TV don't read the one star review they don't know what they are talking about. So if you are trying see a great TV show I recomend you buy Prison Break Season 1 through 4 you would not be disapointed
B000Q6GUTI|5.0|Short Attention Span Summary:<br /><br />1. The movie opens with Mark Wahlberg doing his job with another guy. There is some blow up, and only Wahlberg survives.<br /><br />2. Later, he goes into isolation, living with his dog. Some government officials find him and recruit him for one last job (planning an assassination but not carrying it out).<br /><br />3. During the job, a crooked cop (who is part of what turns out to be a grand conspiracy) tries to assassinate him, but he manages to escape.<br /><br />4. After a very long series of implausible lucky chances, he goes to visit the widow of his old partner (who was killed in the first scene in the movie).<br /><br />5. The only person who believes that he is innocent is a rookie FBI official, and so the rookie too becomes part of this game.<br /><br />6. Eventually, the whole plan is exposed (including the Senator and the other government official), but because of some technicalities none of the government officials are indicted.<br /><br />7. Wahlberg is let free to go, but kills the crooked government officials anyway.<br /><br />This movie was pretty good overall. There were some disturbing things/ points that the movie tried to make without talking.<br /><br />1. All of the bad guys were wearing American flags on their lapel pins. What was the latent message of this?<br /><br />2. Could any corruption really go that far up before someone noticed? Can one single senator really order the FBI around?<br /><br />3. The bad guy was a senior Senator who had been on the take for some time. So was the film's writer trying to suggest that the corruption was very deep and also extant over a very long time?<br /><br />4. In one scene, they had the good guy wearing a Che Guevara T-shirt. Hmmmm. I wonder what they could have been getting at there.<br /><br />There were also problems with the believability of the film (even though it moved fast enough to not give the viewer time to sit and think about said problems):<br /><br />1. Could a sharpshooter really train an accomplice THAT fast?<br /><br />2. In the scene where he went to meet the crooked Senator and crooked FBI official, where did he get the helicopter to do that? In fact, where was any of his money coming from (since the government had frozen all of his assets and tried to destroy his life)? Did he have that much laying around in cash?<br /><br />3. He randomly went to the old guy Looking For Answers, and the old guy just happened to know what he wanted to know and just happened to have lived through other government conspiracies. Umm, ok.<br /><br />4. The Archbishop of Ethiopia was assassinated because he was the ONLY ONE who knew that a whole village had been wiped out because of an oil pipeline?<br /><br />Other than that, the movie was great. The cinematography, acting and casting were all top notch. And Wahlberg is still nice looking even after all these years.<br /><br />The plot was enough to keep you interested-- even if you don't like the hidden message.e crooked Senator and crooked FBI official, where did he get the helicopter to do that? In fact, where was any of his money coming from (since the government had frozen all of his assets and tried to destroy his life)? Did he have that much laying around in cash?    3. He randomly went to the old guy Looking For Answers, and the old guy just happened to know what he wanted to know and just happened to have lived through other government conspiracies. Umm, ok.    4. The Archbishop of Ethiopia was assassinated because he was the ONLY ONE who knew that a whole village had been wiped out because of an oil pipeline?     Other than that, the movie was great. The cinematography, acting and casting were all top notch. And Wahlberg is still nice looking even after all these years.    The plot was enough to keep you interested-- even if you don't like the hidden message.
0689859368|4.0|I wasn't too sure what I was getting into when I started this book and I must say that I was much more than pleasantly surprised. The story centers on a mother and her three children, a set of twins and their older sister, who have just moved into the old dilapidated house that has been in the family for years. Very soon after moving in, strange occurrences begin to happen and the children dedicate themselves to solving the mystery.    This is a well written introduction to the series and the style and illustrations really add to the feel of the story. The characters are likable and there are a few minor twists and turns that keep things interesting. This isn't a very long book so naturally it didn't take too long to read, that being said however, I did find it difficult to put down. I think that kids of all ages would be able to follow the story and enjoy solving the mystery along with the children in the story. It was an enjoyable read and I am looking forward to book 2 once I purchase it.
1559277734|5.0|I read this series of books years ago as a teenager and enjoyed it immensely. It's a surprise I didn't go into veterinary medicine. I am now a people doctor and frequently wish I were a vet. The book is extremely charming, heart felt, humorous and realistic. Many times, I feel like I am there with James as he is treating an ailing animal or owner. I also purchased the audio CD, unabridged, and have a great time in the car listening to a very personalized voice narrating the book.
B001F0VHEM|5.0|Love it.  P!nk at her finest.  Lots of catchy tunes and heartfelt lyrics.
B000M5AJQS|5.0|The Departed is a great film. It has no less than 6 terrific performance, a gripping story, fantastic editing, and an engaging score. For just pure entertainment value it never dissapoints. It's not quite up there with Scorese's big three masterpieces--Raging Bull, Goodfellas, and Taxi Driver--but I'd put it at the top of the second tier of Scorsese movies just ahead of The Aviator and underapreciated The Last Temptation of Christ.     However on special features the two disk set is lacking. The special features probably could have all fit on one disk with the movie pretty easily. There's some deleted scenes and a few very short featuretts. I got through all the special features in a very short time and nothing was very memorable. I've bought other Scorsese two disk sets like Ragining Bull and The Aviator and was definetly satisified with their special features. Those films even had commentary, which The Departed does not. Such a shame better treatmeant wasn't given to the movie that Scorsese finally won an Oscar for. Save a few bucks, buy the single disk edition.
B0001Z52RU|5.0|Short Attention Span Summary:<br /><br />1. The movie opens with Ashton Kutcher as a child. At early points, he is molested by a friend's father and later he is shown doing mischevious things with friends (the exact nature of which does not become clear until later in the movie).<br /><br />2. Eventually, he finds that he has some type of power to think about things and go back in time to change them.<br /><br />3. Changing things leads to several different outcomes-- all of which are unsatisfactory (for him, but amusing for us).<br /><br />4. Eventually, he decides that the only way to do things is to commit suicide (which he does in the womb).<br /><br />The idea of this movie is not strictly Chaos Theory (which is misstated in the very beginning of the movie), and which correctly is: \\"Small changes in initial conditions can have large changes in the final result.\\" This movie was more strictly making a cinematic version of Milan Kundera's \\"The Joke\\" or \\"The Unbearable Lightness of Being\\" (=there is no reason that It Must Be....It Could Very Well Have Been Otherwise).<br /><br />That all said: There were some funny parts in the film (1), and the character acting made it all work very well. Children actors are normally a \\"vacuum that nature has every right to abhor.\\" But even these children were very good and the characters in one state were so believable that it was all the more interesting that they could be equally believable when portrayed in such radically opposite ways.<br /><br />This movie is worth an evening movie ticket price.
B000ATQYT2|5.0|The delivery time was fast and The product was exactly what I ordered. I was very satisfied.
0810993139|1.0|Great book if you think burping, farting and acting badly is great. We just ended up taking the books and tossing them in the garbabe.
B001JRB16U|5.0|I bought this as a birthday gift but now I wish that I had kept it for myself!  Oh, Well!!  Mary Poppins is truly a classic... and so am I!!!
B00028HBKM|4.0|Held off seeing this but after I saw Gibson's Apocalypto and liked it thought I'd check this out. After seeing it I can't say that he really believes in this stuff or takes it seriously ( especially after his present divorce / girlfriend stuff) Anyway i thought it was a great horror flick...scary and spooky. No wonder why the jesus freaks are so scared of everything! The torture does get a tired after a while. Gibson is a sick puppy , lol
1878424602|1.0|The \\"Law of Least Effort\\" is one of 7 laws formulated by the author.   It seems to be the most fundamental law he used in writing his book.     My wife read a few pages together with me and said the ultimate truth:   \\"Author really wanted to publish a book but did not have enough material.   So, he used large font, small page size and double space to fill up 100+ pages.\\"   I was looking for profound wisdom.  But found instead 7 small chapters that contradict each other.    Despite meditation and enlightenment author is obviously exhibiting personal ego issues in the following  statement to his kids: \\" I never, ever want you to worry about making a living. If you're unable to make a living when   you grow up, I'll provide for you, so don't worry about that.\\"   Well, that goes without saying - they are your kids after all. Sure, everyone should make the best effort to   support their family and their kids.   But, there is also God, and circumstances outside your control.   How can you make a statement like that other than pet your own ego?   Buy the way, that was the only sole example in the entire book.   Author did not bother to provide any supporting material, research or examples - just the dogma.   I am disappointed.
1439138311|5.0|A beautifully written story of a young Irish woman's life just after WW2. Eilis doesn't seem to know what she herself wants, and goes passively along when other people make decisions for her.  Her lack of decisiveness comes back to haunt her when she is caught up in a situation where she no longer has any options.  As always, Toibin's prose captures a sense of time and place in a manner that makes what might otherwise seem ordinary into something worth a second look. I read the entire book in the space of 24 hrs; I found myself immersed in the setting and wanting to know what happened to Eilis.
0843133503|5.0|My 3 year old loves this book.  She thinks it is so very funny all the mishaps Little Miss Whoops has and likes how they show the book about her brother when she is on the train.  I have to read it over and over to her and it never gets old.  Very cute
B001U0HBPG|3.0|This is a great \\"feeling\\" movie...but it got a little ridiculous towards the end, when he strated shrinking and becoming a little boy and BABY again....I think it would have a been MUCH BETTER ending had he died at about 25 or so, cause we all know it's impossible to shrink bone and organs....I mean geeze! Otherwise, it was a great movie.<br /><br />Gotta add:<br />\\"Did I ever tell you I've been struck my lightni'n 13 times?\\" haha!<br />Enjoyable movie. Just wish it had had a more believeable ending.
B001TODCII|5.0|This is a fast paced adventure that will keep viewers on the edge of their seats.<br /><br />It features Liam Neeson as Bryan Mills, a retired CIA operative.  His daughter has been kidnapped by white slavers.  Mills speaks to one of her abductors on the phone and gives them a chance to release her.  He makes it clear that he does not have money to pay a ransom, but 'I have a particular set of skills' and 'I will find you and I will kill you'.<br /><br />Mills functions quite a bit like Jack Bauer.  In other words, the bad guys better watch out because it is going to get very ugly for them very quickly.<br /><br />This is a very intense show that is a lot of fun to watch.
0143038419|4.0|This may seem like an unlikely book for me to review, but my daughter grabbed \\"Eat, Pray, Love\\" and she liked it. Two ladies that went on vacation with us last year brought this book along and they both raved about it. It my attempt to stay in synch with the feminine thinking of my household (I have a wife and three daughters) I read it too and found this bestseller to be spiritually interesting.<br /><br />I've read and reviewed \\"Silence on Fire\\" (follow [...]). I'll soon be writing reviews for Eckhart Tolle's \\"The Power of Now\\" and \\"A New Earth\\". These three books work at explaining and enlightening us about the spiritual. I recommend them, but cannot deny how difficult it is to write about this topic. It's so abstract and frankly - personal. \\"Eat, Pray, Love\\" takes a crack at it by putting us on a journey with the author Elizabeth Gilbert. She doesn't describe spirituality. She let's us climb into her head and through her entertaining writing style allows us experience her spirituality up close and personal.<br /><br />I believe we live in the constant presence of God. I see prayer as our attempt to increase our awareness of that presence. We don't need to find God. He's right here. What we need is to clear our head and awaken our awareness like \\"lifting the fog\\" so the eternal sitting right in front of us simply appears.<br /><br />For me this is so difficult. I'm pretty independent, self-sufficient and VERY slow to see my limitations. When things go right and I'm in control (if you can ever say you are truly in control) I ignore the eternal and go at it solo. What I have found is that during my toughest struggles, I am most likely to humble myself and turn to God. When things get tough, that's when I seem more likely to accept the help that's truly available to me. \\"Eat, Pray, Love\\" helped me because it reminded me that regardless of my mental state at a given time, I am not alone. It pulled me into someone else's spiritual journey and helped me see what I like to call \\"the obvious\\" in another person's life.<br /><br />Elizabeth Gilbert does entertain us with her account of a year-long post divorce trip. In order to better \\"find herself\\" she eats in Italy, prays in India, and loves in Indonesia (hence the title). I'm not too fond of her religious views and sexual antics, but I have to admit, she sure can spin a story which at the same time helped me reflect.<br /><br />Her internal dialog enabled me to see, understand and capture her experience. Her precise word choice and vivid pcturization comunicated her relationship with the eternal. I deal with a constant, crazy mental chatter as I know everyone does. In the book, you listen to hers and though a year's experience see how she evolves. She gets to know herself better, grows more mature and becomes less dependent upon the approval of others. It's a real treat to watch and then compare notes with my own.<br /><br />This is no doubt a chick book. (In my house we watch ten chick flicks for every Arnold movie. Such is life.) However, for anyone wanting a fun read with some spiritually enlightening tidbits regardless of your gender, it's a straightforward and fun read. Whether working, at peace, on vacation or in the middle of a difficult job hunt, this is a book for helping with your spirituality.<br /><br />You never can do too much of that.in another person's life.    Elizabeth Gilbert does entertain us with her account of a year-long post divorce trip. In order to better \\"find herself\\" she eats in Italy, prays in India, and loves in Indonesia (hence the title). I'm not too fond of her religious views and sexual antics, but I have to admit, she sure can spin a story which at the same time helped me reflect.    Her internal dialog enabled me to see, understand and capture her experience. Her precise word choice and vivid pcturization comunicated her relationship with the eternal. I deal with a constant, crazy mental chatter as I know everyone does. In the book, you listen to hers and though a year's experience see how she evolves. She gets to know herself better, grows more mature and becomes less dependent upon the approval of others. It's a real treat to watch and then compare notes with my own.     This is no doubt a chick book. (In my house we watch ten chick flicks for every Arnold movie. Such is life.) However, for anyone wanting a fun read with some spiritually enlightening tidbits regardless of your gender, it's a straightforward and fun read. Whether working, at peace, on vacation or in the middle of a difficult job hunt, this is a book for helping with your spirituality.     You never can do too much of that.
B001PJRAUS|5.0|With the recent renditions of the Jane Austen novels for BBC like Chinese food, I find I was briefly satisfied but now I am hungry for more. More Jane Austen!...So imagine my delight when I stumbled across this new ITV production \\"Lost in Austen\\"....<br /><br />What!? Time travel mixed with Jane Austen? Pass me my salts and loosen my stays!<br />Being released soon on DVD....Pre-Order from Amazon!? Yes! Yes! Must. Have. NOW! WANT!<br /><br />\\"Amanda Price is sick of the modern world. She yearns for the romance and elegance found in the books by her favorite author, Jane Austen. But she's about to get a rude awakening as one fateful evening, she is propelled into the scheming 19th century world of Pride and Prejudice while that book's Elizabeth Bennet is hurled into hers. As the book's familiar plot unfolds, Amanda triggers new romantic twists and turns within the Bennet family circle as she clumsily tries to help the sisters nab husbands and even captivates the tantalizing Mr. Darcy herself. But what about Elizabeth...and what will become of one of the world's greatest love stories?\\"<br /><br />Of course my favourite rendition of Pride & Prejudice is the Colin Firth BBC-1, A&E version...But to be lost in the novel? And really, Ladies? Who does not want to see Darcy again in a wet shirt?<br /><br />So, whether tis good or tripe....I shall order this and with the eager delight of a guilty pleasure watch a modern girl enter the pages of a beloved novel..and yes, kisses ....ardently so...with Mr. Darcy!<br /><br />UPDATE~!! i got the DVD today! gosh i love Amazon! And yes dears it was delightful! Fun, frolicking, and yes, very entertaining!! I want to watch it again even! ..There was one point I was thinking \\"how in the world is this going to END?!\\" and I love it when a story takes me to places where i can't easily predict the ending and am happily surprised by it!...and I was! I'm such a wus...I cried. Gah!
B001PE26QQ|5.0|**This doesn't seem like the version of this movie you want to buy--check out the 2-disc edition or the \\"Dual Subtitled\\" edition instead, yo!**<br /><br />This movie blew me away- I expected a good \\"martial arts\\" movie, but was really surprised to find a rousing, heartfelt story about China during the Japanese occupation. The film effectively shows how martial arts is about so much more than just punching and kicking: in the film, and in the life of Ip Man, it becomes an embodiment of the Chinese national character, the expression of the dignity and spirit of the Chinese people, and a conduit for resistance to oppression.<br /><br />Donnie Yen does an excellent job of conveying the humility and dignity of the character. I found myself really getting caught up in his struggle to maintain his honor in the face of the wearying oppression of the Japanese.<br /><br />Of course, the fight scenes were terrific. The sets period costumes were also very well done and evocative, as was the music.<br /><br />The subtitles, as other reviewers noted, are rather iffy at least in the \\"Ip Man Dual Subtitled\\" edition I viewed. However, having lived through the years when the only subtitles available in most kung fu films were the British-mandated ones that old HK companies included in the film print, which were badly translated, and printed in white so it was impossible to read them, well, the bad translation was nothing new to me.<br /><br />In conclusion, this is a very enjoyable movie that not only features some fantastic choreography, but is also an inspiring and well-crafted Chinese national fable about war and resistance that is not simply a framework to hang some fight scenes off of- the fight scenes really are expressive of the theme and story.
B001DDBCUK|5.0|I saw the movie when it came first came out and was very pleased with it.  I'm a fan of the cable show and I was not disappointed in the movie. I purchased the DVD for my lady friend who is 78 yrs old.  She's been enjoying watching Gilles Marini on Dancing with the Stars and has asked me several times, who he is.  What better way to show her who is is?  Literally!  I just hope she doesn't get a heart attack after watching it!
0553293397|4.0|The story was a little in depth and the only problem I had with it was the amount of time it took to provide a background for the planet's culture. If you aren't able to understand the lifestyle that these people have enforced on themselves you will find it hard to understand anything else in the story. Despite this it is well written story and full of imagination. A very easy read.
B001TH16DI|5.0|I was not a fan of the special editions of any of these movies with the exception of Star Trek: The Motion Picture.  When TMP first hit video, someone decided to slap together an extended cut which inserted an extra 12 minutes of extremely boring a pointless material that was originally dropped for very good reasons.  The director's cut, with a few notable exceptions, took most of this footage back out and got us much closer to the theatrical version.    The director's cut of Wrath of Khan similarly incorporated unnecessary footage that I felt did not add anything to the story.    And then there was the notorious \\"Scooby-Doo\\" ending tacked onto the home video version of Star Trek VI.    People have said that Paramount is going to double-dip us with the Blu-Ray release and they're probably right.  A year or two from now we will most likely see the special editions of the original six films on blu and this release will fade away.    However, as someone who much preferred the theatrical cuts, I'd say buy these while you still can.
B001TOVZYQ|5.0|This movie blew me away- I expected a good \\"martial arts\\" movie, but was really surprised to find a rousing, heartfelt story about China during the Japanese occupation. The film effectively shows how martial arts is about so much more than just punching and kicking: in the film, and in the life of Ip Man, it becomes an embodiment of the Chinese national character, the expression of the dignity and spirit of the Chinese people, and a conduit for resistance to oppression.<br /><br />Donnie Yen does an excellent job of conveying the humility and dignity of the character. I found myself really getting caught up in his struggle to maintain his honor in the face of the wearying oppression of the Japanese.<br /><br />Of course, the fight scenes were terrific. The sets period costumes were also very well done and evocative, as was the music.<br /><br />The subtitles, as other reviewers noted, are rather iffy at least in the \\"Ip Man Dual Subtitled\\" edition I viewed. However, having lived through the years when the only subtitles available in most kung fu films were the British-mandated ones that old HK companies included in the film print, which were badly translated, and printed in white so it was impossible to read them, well, the bad translation was nothing new to me.<br /><br />In conclusion, this is a very enjoyable movie that not only features some fantastic choreography, but is also an inspiring and well-crafted Chinese national fable about war and resistance that is not simply a framework to hang some fight scenes off of- the fight scenes really are expressive of the theme and story.
B000T9OP7G|5.0|This show really brought me back into the Terminator franchise and with the new film, Terminator: Salvation coming out this week, I'm definitely going to give it a chance.  This show was the best thing that happened in my life.  Its unlike any other show I felt that was worth watching and I am glad to be a part of a very large fan base from around the world.      There is too many great things to say about this show so I'm going to keep it simple.  Lena Headey (Sarah Connor) really surprised me of how she portrayed Sarah and made the role her own. She brought so much to the role and now I'm a loss for words.  Thomas Dekker (John Connor), again he brought so much to John and he really made me feel for what John was going through.  I was more drawn to the show because of the relationship between Mother and Son, which I thought was beautifully well portrayed by both Headey and Dekker. Summer Glau (Cameron) also gave an exceptional performance as the good Terminator sent back through time to protect John from being assassinated by Skynet.      With word that Fox dropped the ball on not renewing TSCC for a third season is beyond me.  At least the fans of TSCC got two great seasons out of it.
0060775858|5.0|Excellent book for young children. A wonderful tale that lives on with any child.  A great read to book for parents and grandparents alike.  Buy it, the kids will love it!!!
B00012FXB8|5.0|A.) Alien 3 is the most understated movie ever. It is a fascinating journey into the heart of darkness and solitude. Yes it would have been awesome had it continued off of Aliens. But what we got instead was a beautiful nightmare,    B.) Bought this looking for the -pre- Fox edited version of the extra's disc.    Basically:    1. Alien 3 - troubled production, Fincher remains silent on it.  2. A good documentary and extras existed  3. FOX censored these for the Quadrilogy edition.    I was hoping these would be on this disc.    They are not, it's identical to the Quadrilogy version.    For those who care:    The original extra's (before being censored by FOX) were called:    1. Development Hell: Concluding The Story   3. Stasis Interrupted: David Fincher's Vision   5. The Color of Blood: Shepperton Studios, 1991   7. The Downward Spiral: Fincher vs. Fox   8. Where The Sun Burns Cold: Fox Studios, L.A. 1992   10. Requiem For A Scream: Music, Editing and Sound    If anyone knows where to get these please let us know here.
B001SAHOBO|5.0|This movie blew me away- I expected a good \\"martial arts\\" movie, but was really surprised to find a rousing, heartfelt story about China during the Japanese occupation.  The film effectively shows how martial arts is about so much more than just punching and kicking: in the film, and in the life of Ip Man, it becomes an embodiment of the Chinese national character, the expression of the dignity and spirit of the Chinese people, and a conduit for resistance to oppression.<br /><br />Donnie Yen does an excellent job of conveying the humility and dignity of the character.  I found myself really getting caught up in his struggle to maintain his honor in the face of the wearying oppression of the Japanese.<br /><br />Of course, the fight scenes were terrific.  The sets period costumes were also very well done and evocative, as was the music.<br /><br />The subtitles, as other reviewers noted, are rather iffy at least in the \\"Ip Man Dual Subtitled\\" edition I viewed.  However, having lived through the years when the only subtitles available in most kung fu films were the British-mandated ones that old HK companies included in the film print, which were badly translated, and printed in white so it was impossible to read them, well, the bad translation was nothing new to me.<br /><br />In conclusion, this is a very enjoyable movie that not only features some fantastic choreography, but is also an inspiring and well-crafted Chinese national fable about war and resistance that is not simply a framework to hang some fight scenes off of- the fight scenes really are expressive of the theme and story.
B0000024W3|5.0|Im constantly reminded that bob had a singing that sounds like this. it almost brought to tears that he had tones at one time. He voice sounds like a ash tray now. it drives me nuts that he you could hear every note and word he sung. I also liked this cd never bought many of the lp's. I got into Dylan around 1990 when they released those first batches of cd's that are plain as paper, there isnt a remaster yet of SP but the remasters have nicer everything packaging and sound. Bob will rerelease this one his death bed.
B000XA5K48|1.0|Now, I like a good action film as much as the average male. But I have a rule--if I turn off the DVD before the film ends, the film gets one star. What stopped me here, about 20 minutes into the film, was where this baby was placed on a children's merry-go-round, the baddies begin to plunk away at it, and our hero empties a clip to make the merry-go-round go round and (once more) save the infant from harm. This is the epitome of dumb. Nothing before that sequence was any better. I suppose some people will write this off as my not being able to take a joke. Well, I'm a big Johnny  To fan, and his flicks are as wild and crazy as this one. But To doesn't take the cheap way out and wink, wink at the audience. Shoot 'em up is simply stupid in so many ways.
B001AVEJ1Y|2.0|12 REASONS WHY THE NEW STAR TREK MOVIE IS JUST LIKE STARS WARS<br /><br />Nothing new is in Hollywood. The old script writers for Star Wars rewrote their old script and changed the characters into our familiar Star Trek heroes.  They used some lines from the original tv series, hired new actors, and recycled the old Star Wars script, and expected Science Fiction fans not to notice the difference.<br /><br />Cases in Point<br /><br />1.Light Sabers- Sulu's got one.<br /><br />2. Recycled Imperial Fleet uniforms, dye them red- Starfleet's got em.<br /><br />3. Cantina brawls- Iowa's got em.<br /><br />4. Blowing up a planet to torture someone who's watching- Got em.<br /><br />5. Marooned on Ice planet Hoth- Kirk's got it.<br /><br />6. Meeting an old Vulcan Master with pointed ears on an empty planet- Yoda? Nope-Kirk does it.<br /><br />7. Huge planet destroying ship that can be destroyed by one little ship? Yep, done that.<br /><br />8. Cute little Ewok alien with huge black eyes that can't speak Federation? Got one.<br /><br />9. Police in land speeders? Got em.<br /><br />10. Whiny droid?- name him McCoy3PO - Got one.<br /><br />11. Jim, I am your father, (whoops, should have put  my transmission in neutral, not forward.)<br /><br />12. At the end of movie, everyone gets a huge promotion and a medal? Yup, done that, too.<br /><br />Got some of your own? Add Em here and forward it along!<br />Martha Cryptocat colhoun<br /> Stardate 0516.09
B00006JSS8|2.0|good song variety.... not the best quality... i was disappointed in the quality of sound.... and will probably look for another stevie wonder cd.
0316067601|1.0|I expected something completely different from a Navy SEAL.  I suspect most SEALs cringe upon reading this book.  The editing and fact checking could be a whole lot better.  If you are looking for a book that attempts to glorify Bush's agenda, this is your book.  Otherwise, look elsewhere for a better account of special operations.
B001IKKMCW|5.0|Jim Carrey will always be a favourite actor of mine. He's one of the only actors that I will go out of my way to watch their films and \\"The Mask\\" is a supreme representation of the ability of Carrey's physical comedy. \\"The Mask\\" originally started out as a dark horse comic series back in the 1980s and as the movie focuses around a mask that takes over the wearer and rids them of their social inhibitions. It's believed to have been originally created as a cross between Batman villain, The Joker and Steve Ditko's Creeper. The comic contained quite a bit of violence which was toned down a lot in the movie to cater to a younger audience.<br /><br />The movie plot focuses around loveable loser Stanley Ipkiss (Carrey) who's down on his luck until, one day he meets the divinely beautiful Tina (Cameron Diaz) who comes into the bank where Stanley works to secretly filming the vault for a potential break in by her mobster boyfriend, Dorian (Peter Greene). After a bad night after being refused entry into a club, Stanley comes across a mysterious mask floating in the river. He takes it home and tries it on only to be completely taken over by it and becomes a completely different, green faced super powered antihero. These new powers get Stanley into a whole heap of trouble that he simply doesn't need.<br /><br />This is by far one of my favourite films and it was rightly deserving of its massive financial and critical success upon its release. Featuring some amazing special effects for its time and truly utilising all of the talents Carrey could offer, this is truly an all round entertaining masterpiece of comedic cinema. This was the same year as Dumb & Dumber and Ace Ventura which shot Carrey into the stratosphere of superstardom and rightly so. The majority of scenes involving the masked version of Ipkiss take on a very cartoon like imagery to it as the character is a fan of cartoons and this transfers into his super powered alter-ego.<br /><br />Really the primary interest of the film is based around a man and the mask that allows him to express his true feelings without fear of repercussions. The Mask also teaches Stanley that he should be more impulsive and not such a nice guy as nice guys finish last. There is sort of a sub plot that blends well into Stanley's story leading to the end of the mobster and his girlfriend. He becomes suspicious that she helped Stanley rob a bank originally planned by Dorian's crew, but they were beaten to the punch by the masked alter-ego. It's a nice way of moving the story along but I found the mob side of the story quite boring and the film as a whole could have done without it.<br /><br />Along with Carrey, Cameron Diaz is an amazing choice as the love interest. Although she's still very beautiful today, there's something to her in this movie that makes her a lot more appealing. Maybe it's her damp breasts introduced to us at the start of the film or maybe it's because of her dazzling legs, again introduced to us at the start. Peter Greene's character became quite annoying throughout the film and did drag it down quite a bit but even with him this film does manage to remain a 5 star movie that can be enjoyed by all.<br /><br />I would say you should check this film out as soon as possible and if you haven't seen it already then you really haven't lived.nd a man and the mask that allows him to express his true feelings without fear of repercussions. The Mask also teaches Stanley that he should be more impulsive and not such a nice guy as nice guys finish last. There is sort of a sub plot that blends well into Stanley's story leading to the end of the mobster and his girlfriend. He becomes suspicious that she helped Stanley rob a bank originally planned by Dorian's crew, but they were beaten to the punch by the masked alter-ego. It's a nice way of moving the story along but I found the mob side of the story quite boring and the film as a whole could have done without it.    Along with Carrey, Cameron Diaz is an amazing choice as the love interest. Although she's still very beautiful today, there's something to her in this movie that makes her a lot more appealing. Maybe it's her damp breasts introduced to us at the start of the film or maybe it's because of her dazzling legs, again introduced to us at the start. Peter Greene's character became quite annoying throughout the film and did drag it down quite a bit but even with him this film does manage to remain a 5 star movie that can be enjoyed by all.    I would say you should check this film out as soon as possible and if you haven't seen it already then you really haven't lived.
0143038419|1.0|From the first page of the book, things just didn't sound right.  It all seemed made up, from the way things happened to the people she met on her \\"spiritual\\" journey.  ESPECIALLY the part in Bali, it seemed totally made up!  It was all ME ME ME.  I don't know why anyone would want to read a self-absorbed story that is supposedly true...For those who have read it and hated it, there's a new book called Drink, Play, F@#k by Andrew Gottlieb who writes Bob Sullivan's (elizabeth Gilbert's EX) 1 year journey to Ireland, Las Vegas, and Thailand.  It's not a true story but SOO hilarious!
B00127RAJY|5.0|I think the 30 Day Shred (Is actually 60 days) a day of rest in between. I am fairly fit and have to take a day of rest. This workout is very good, but it's hard on my knees. I 'm hoping I'll past by the pain soon. If you don't allow a day to rest then the muscles won't be able to repair to get the results you need. I've done his for a week and can tell a difference. I love jillian....just don't push your body into the pain....REST! It will pay off!
B001K3JF7K|3.0|As the title suggests, she's still in great voice, very soothing. The orchestrations are great too, although sometimes it's hard to imagine that some of the tunes qualify as bossa nova. Regardless, it's a great, relaxing CD to listen to. I've had @ least a couple of people ask me who it was singing while this CD was playing in the background. They both enjoyed it, even though they were only vaguely familiar w/ Diana Krall, if @ all.
B001VLXNLU|5.0|the book starts off a little slow. but stick with it because it turns into an extremelly good and addictive series. you will need to read the rest!
B00005N6KG|5.0|These are great earphones. I use these while running and they never move and stand up to the sweat.
1439102813|5.0|The book arrived very quickly in new condition. The seller had also included a cute pen!
1594201927|3.0|Niall Ferguson's THE ASCENT OF MONEY, as its subtitle promises, is a broad overview of financial history, from the dawn of the first form of currency in Ancient Mesopotamia to the proliferation of complex residential asset-backed securities early in the twenty-first century.  In six chapters, Ferguson traces the genesis and evolution of the pillars of modern finance: currency, bonds, corporate stock, insurance, and real estate.  A final chapter focuses on the US and China's symbiotic debtor-creditor relationship, and an afterword discusses the current global recession and includes a somewhat strained evolutionary analogy comparing financial development to natural selection.    The objective here is to illuminate the modern economic system by surveying its historical origins, and to a large extent, Ferguson succeeds.  The book is targeted to a lay audience and such readers are certain to walk away from a reading with an enhanced understanding of modern economics.  The author generally takes the time to explain even elementary concepts in an effective manner, but there are also several maddening instances throughout where he casually references somewhat arcane metrics and complex ideas (e.g., VaR) without any explanation as to their meaning and significance.  In this respect, Ferguson can be at times simultaneously too basic for the advanced reader and too complex for the novice.    Never dry reading, the narrative flows freely over its 358 pages, with perhaps the most interesting and edifying chapters being those on the bond, equity, and real estate markets.  I especially enjoyed Ferguson's exploration of the five stages of \\"bubble\\" (displacement, euphoria, mania, distress, and revulsion).    Ultimately, though, the book will be of most benefit to those with a casual interest in economics, as it is entirely descriptive and not prescriptive.  Ferguson never really offers anything resembling a thesis, nor does he reveal his own views except for the most fleeting of moments when singing the virtues of late-19th/early-20th century imperialism.  He is focused exclusively on reporting, not analyzing.  As such, THE ASCENT OF MONEY, though well-written, does not transcend its status as a historical chronicle and will be of trivial value to those seeking a sophisticated economic treatise.
0670033049|5.0|For years I've wanted to tackle Steinbeck's \\"East of Eden.\\" I knew going in that it was a retelling of sorts of Adam and Eve, Cain and Abel, and the sin that \\"crouches on your doorstep, waiting to devour.\\" I suspected Steinbeck would make it his own, setting in his beloved Salinas, California. What I did not expect was this sprawling, gritty, wise, and sometimes beautiful classic.<br /><br />Adam and Charles Trask are the first set of protagonists, two brothers at odds. They are only precursors for Adam's own sons, Cal and Aron, who will be even more at odds, a division rooted in part in their mother's cold-hearted choices and philandering. Cathy/Kate, their mom, is one of the most vivid and three-dimensional portrayals of evil I've ever read in fiction. Adding some moral balance to the cast is Lee, the loyal and long-suffering Chinaman. His studies lead to life-changing decisions for Adam and his sons, based on the differences between a fatalistic approach to life or one born from the freedom to choose.<br /><br />While the story reads at times like an exploration of the early to mid-1900s, Steinbeck parallels this earthy tale with the slow unfolding of biblical events in Genesis. He follows that script without being predictable or bound by it, instead showing its immediacy in the human soul and mind. These characters could've lived thousands of years ago, or they could live next door today. That's the brilliance of this novel. Yes, it can be stodgy in parts, even pedantic, but Steinbeck's willingness to let his characters wrestle with life's ugliness and its unknowns make the lessons feel worthwhile and well earned.<br /><br />I loved this book, after trudging through the first thirty pages or so, and realize why it's a classic. Where Hemingway stripped down language and reshaped American literature, Steinbeck took that same gritty, manly writing and gave it back its heart.
B000003RCY|5.0|Great album!  This band has an edge not found in most of the music today.  Most of the newer stuff sounds the same and the bands are very boring.  Being a fan of older metal and rock, Rammstein are a welcome change to the cookie cutter bands that abound today.  I discovered the band a few years back and they are now one of my favorites.  The guitar is heavy and hard but not overdone.  The singer actually sings instead of moaning or screaming.
142312166X|5.0|My son couldn't put this book down!  A great read for your 6/7th graders.
B00006LLNV|5.0|This soundtrack has been running in our home for the past 5 1/2 years as we travel around the world from the moment I met my girlfriend to the moment she became my wife to now. It is the soundtrack of our life together. You can't find a more romantic soundtrack to drink to and romanticize to.     Lila Down's voice is amazingly powerful, melancholic and fierce. She can change her voice from a low tune to an extremely high tune without any effort whatsoever. She is a legend for sure. One of the greatest singers of all time.     The composer of the songs (Elliot) could not have composed a more beautiful collection of instrumental songs. If I could play these songs on the guitar, my wife would immediately take me in her arms, the songs are so sentimental.     The sound of the guitar is so intruiging, it moves your soul to a level where nothing else in the world matters, but people enjoying the time together.    The final song is almost impossible to describe. Burn It Blue deserved the Oscar in 2003 a million times more than the other songs in that category. This song can't be beaten. Caetano Veloso and Lila Down's voices are simply perfect together and rip your heart out of your soul when your loved one is away.     It is a terribly sentimental song - so beautiful it will stay with you for the rest of your life, as will the rest of the CD. It deserved more than five stars.
B000ZEE3I6|5.0|I am a huge Harry Potter fan and have watched every movie at least 3 times when it is first released.  This movie left me with no desire to really see the last movie.  I didn't feel there was as much action and suspense that I felt there should be.  The movie is good but not the best of the HP series.  I felt that they dealt too much with the romances and not as much with how they thought was the Half Blood Prince.<br /><br />This movie was geared for the younger audience more then for those who have grown up reading the Harry Potter books.  The special extras on the DVD make the purchase of the movie worth while.
B000FVQYYK|4.0|As we wait for Muse's new album, this is the last album which took the rockers by surprise, as it is not as hard as their past albums. Yet, \\"Starlight\\", \\"Knights of Cydonia\\" and \\"Invincible\\" show that this album is another one of their masterpieces. The remaining songs are unforgettable, but still give a feeling that the former album had a greater effect on the fans. Hopefully the new album will be the greatest masterpiece of their career, as this album is more important to me than the arrival of the epidemic by the end of the year!
1600240526|5.0|David Baldacci's books are exciting and always keep you one the edge.  I used the books on CD's and I find myself driving the extra few minutes just to listen. I give them a 5 star rating.
1416550534|5.0|I won't say anything of the plot or its secrets, but I just wanted to add my five stars to this, the best novel I've read in quite awhile.
B001PJRAUS|5.0|I really thought this was a really good movie and it's one of the kind you wouldn't expect. It has great comedy in it and the character's are really good. I'm definitely going to buy this when I get the chance! For anyone who is a fan of Jane Austen/Pride & Prejudice, I would definitely recommend this to you. It is a fun movie. Well worth the watch and/or buy.
B00005ASIL|4.0|This is a great compilation of Jethro Tull's works and I immensely enjoy it though they could have made this available in 2 cds with more tracks and a better booklet. 4/5
0679413251|4.0|The story is written as correspondence send between the principle players and makes one feel as if they have intercepted someone's private letters. Makes for a very intriguing read. Also, I was very impressed with the binding and the cover on this book. There is also a ribbon sown into the binding as a place marker. Lovely book to add to ones collection and at a very reasonable price.
B000002UAC|5.0|I really enjoy this album. It has some of the Beatles early sound that made them the greatest rock group ever.
B000F6IOC0|2.0|Nowhere near as good, at least in my opinion, as the original Underworld. Too much gore and a weak plot. Bought this via Video On Demand, but I wish now I had just rented it (lesson learned). One redeeming factor: getting to watch Kate Beckinsale for an hour and a half --almost made the experience worthwhile, but not quite.
B0008ENICU|5.0|This is an excellent addition to any collection of classics. The director cleverly stuck with the theme in the play and avoided any men appearing the film. None appear even for a split second!
B001FB4W0W|5.0|I can't wait for this to come out. I'm already geared up for Season 2! In no way is this season more amazing then it already is. It's a great show, and still does stay close to the truth-fullness of the books. A must buy.
B001AVEJ1Y|3.0|(Some mild spoilers.)    I wanted to like this movie.  Based on the previews, I expected to hate it.  The real experience was somewhere in the middle.    What was great about this movie was the casting.  I liked the characters.  The actors put a very credible new spin on the crew we all know and love.    The movie looked fantastic and had good effects, but effects are not really what make Star Trek, or else we would not find the original series so compelling.    What was sadly weak about this movie was the plot.  It was about as contrived and convoluted as it could possibly be.  I kind of like the idea of an alternate time-line, but was Old Spock really necessary?  It just seemed hokey.  Was the Romulan story line really necessary?  I mean, if Nero found himself back in time, why seek vengeance instead of working to prevent the tragedy that would occur far in the future?  What the heck was he doing for twenty-something years while waiting for Old Spock?    And as far as Nero goes, has there ever been a more boring villain in a Star Trek movie?  Blech.  They gave that actor nothing to work with.    There were other small irritations, like Kirk being promoted, irrationally, to first officer - and then to captain at the end of the movie.  Cadet to captain is quite a career move.  Then, there is the scene where Scotty beams into a coolant system for some \\"comic relief.\\"  Worst of all is an inexcusably lame scene near the beginning of the movie involving a joy ride off the edge of a quarry that should have been left on the cutting room floor.    I came away from the movie entertained but mildly disappointed, but with hope for the sequel.  Having set the new story line in place with a bag full of gimmicks, perhaps the writers will be able to focus on a truly new adventure for this crew the next time out.  All the right elements are in place, if only they can get the mix right next time.
6305736650|5.0|I was very happy to have received my delivery so fast.  It was exactly as described. Thanks.
B001WCN232|1.0|If there was a zero star rating, this release would deserve it.  This \\"remaster\\" is terrible in every way compared to the previous Virgin remasters done by Bob Ludwig.  This latest release has had all the dynamic range taken out of it to make it \\"iPod ready\\".  I suspect all the other re-issues are similarly lobotomized.   See some technical analysis at, [...]
0307277453|5.0|If you clapped a fez on the reconstruction of Neil Shubin's fish, the Taktaalik, on the cover of the paperback edition of his book, it would look a lot like Major Amos B. Hoople in Gene Ahern's old newspaper comic, \\"Our Boarding House.\\" I think it is the beady eye.    We are all cousins under the skin.    In 2006, Professor Shubin and his team discovered 375-million-year-old fossils of a \\"fish with a wrist\\" in northern Canada. It was the sort of discovery that, although completely expectable for 150 years, proves a point and gets its finder in the newspapers. It gives him the opportunity to find an audience for a popular book, and \\"Your Inner Fish\\" is an amusing, informative race though developmental and evolutionary biology.    I picked it up not because I needed to learn elementary evo-devo but because it seems to have achieved a wide audience and I wanted to see what they were getting.     They get a highly concentrated overview of modern biology, in its three research aspects: fossils, embryology and molecules. For anyone who already studied biology, a lot of this is a refresher course.    For the majority of Americans who never did, \\"Your Inner Fish\\" is a gentle introduction to a topic that drives the religious bigots wild. Shubin barely alludes, once, to the existence of creationists, but the whole book is one in their eye. What Shubin does, though not in a sequential way, is mark the links in the unbroken chain from \\"pond scum\\" to us and everything else on Earth.     (The only real objection I have to his approach is his tendency to gloss over some of the oddballs in the zoo. For example, he remarks that one thing everybody knows without ever thinking about it is that each animal has two parents, four grandparents and so on. This is true when you take the really long  view he is taking but does not find a slot for, for example, some kinds of aphids, which have only one parent for long time back. Probably they evolved from 2-parent ancestors, so Shubin is conceptually right. In a book so short, such compromises are inevitable.)    That there must have been a Tiktaalik, a fish with a wrist on the way to spawning fully walking descendants, was a consequence of Darwinian evolution. Other stops on the way had already been discovered. Shubin notes that paleontologists don't have much use for the idea of  \\"missing links.\\" Tiktaalik is a \\"found link.\\"     There are thousands of such.     What Shubin does so well is meld the very recent tools of molecular analysis to show that in DNA we have (though we have not worked out all the details) a complete set of found links now.    Fossils are chancy things. But DNA goes back forever.    Biologists now can trace the sequence of wrists, like Tiktaalik's, deep into time, past limbs to fins.    Shubin does the same for other senses, like ears, noses and eyes. For eyes, the sequence now goes very, very deep indeed, even into microbes. The opsin molecule, so important to vision, turns out not to have evolved after the rise of multicellular animals but even earlier.    Although Shubin - avoiding the so-called creationism controversy
0143038419|3.0|This book was not really what I hoped it going to be. Liz had become an emotional basket case after her divorce, and unfullfilling love affair.  Not able to climb out from her dispair, she goes on a soul searching trip across Italy, India, and Indonesia.<br /><br />I began the story by being fascinated by her going to on this trip of discovery alone, something I could never do.  I enjoyed her partaking of the Italian language and Italian food in a \\"live vicariously\\" kind of way.<br /><br />Then onto India.  Here is where I started having some issues.  I plodded on through my reading, trying to focus on the positives such as going quietly before God and truly giving Him your complete attention. Perhaps my own views of Christianity clouded my perspective, but I was really starting to tire of her self centeredness. Yes, I know it was a memoir, but still....<br /><br />Then onto Bali, Indonesia.  My interest sparked again, but not because of her journey into the \\"love aspect\\" of her life.  I found her descriptions of Bali and the Balinese people to be wonderful and I wondered when I could visit this tropical paradise.<br /><br />So it boils down to this, I enjoyed her time in Italy, couldn't get into her time in India, and while I would someday like to visit Bali, I was ready for the book to end.
0345337581|5.0|This book is very useful, because we need to learn the memory techniques. \\"We should never have realized how great is the power [of a trained memory],\\" wrote the philosopher Quintilian, \\"nor how divine it is...\\". In my opinion this book is necessary. \\"A great and beautiful invention is memory\\".
B001R7IHA0|5.0|Love every song on the album.  Keith continues to deliver.  Can't ever get enough!
B000NQRR1Q|2.0|I reeeeaaaally wanted to like this movie. Yes, the opening credits were good. The movie itself, however, was utterly pointless and nonsensical...and yes, boring. Even the actors looked like they weren't taking it seriously. I'm convinced Polanski only made this film as a showcase for his wife (\\"the girl\\")...    Blech. Need some brain soap now.
0525421033|5.0|This book quite simply put, is breathtakingly beautiful. I loved every single page and how the author went back and forth between Mia's past, so that you could see her life as it was, and the present, to what she would be waking up to. That is if she decides to wake-up. I've always believed that people in comas can sense others around them, can hear people talking to them, and I also believe in out-of-body experiences. Right around the time I finished this book, a co-worker's mother was on her death bed. She hung in there for two weeks while she was in the hospital, towards the end she said she wanted to GO HOME. She hadn't been inside her own home in almost a year. They took her home on a Thursday evening and she died Friday morning. I believe people can will themselves to die and will themselves to live. This book will touch you.......and make you look at the after-life with a different slant of light.
B00009V7T2|3.0|No, this kind of progressive rock music can't compete with the classic progressive rock giants such as Yes, Rush, King Crimson, and Genesis.  BUT, for a touch of alternative rock that's a bit above average as far as creativity goes, I guess De-Lousied in the Comatorium is a better choice than something like Stone Temple Pilots or other alternative rock bands that try to be creative but ultimately fail.    I think the one thing that bothers me the most about the music the Mars Volta are trying to make here are the vocals.  While they do grow on me a little bit over time, and they're definitely better than most current vocal melodies out there from current bands, let's not kid ourselves- this stuff can't compete with the classic 70's progressive rock bands.  You don't feel much in the way of beauty or spiritual adventure when the vocals are screaming through the speakers.  You don't feel any kind of serious emotional approach from the band members either.  Not when everything sounds forced.    I just want to make it clear in case anyone out there has an urge to hear some REAL prog rock bands that the Mars Volta is *not* the best example of sophisticated rock music.  You'd want to start with the classic bands first, and THEN decide where you stand with a band like the Mars Volta.      There *are* parts of the album where the vocals feel a bit on the annoying side because of a deliberate attempt to implement noisy ideas into their music.  To me, noise is nothing more than a distraction, but it's not a *really* big deal in this particular case since the noisy moments are few and far between.  But we can't ignore the fact that they DO pop up from time to time.     Another problem is that the way the songs are structured feel a little clumsy, like the Mars Volta are throwing instrumental variety into their music for the sole purpose of making their songs go in another direction to carry on with the sophisticated prog rock theme, but not thinking their ideas through very carefully, so yeah, some clumsy singing moments and an overall slightly obnoxious guitar sound can definitely be heard in a song such as \\"Roulette Dares\\".    There ARE some neat guitar tricks that impress me though.  I wish these moments would have lasted longer, and would have been focused on more clearly and carefully, but for modern music that's trying to be artsy, I guess this will have to be about as impressive as it will ever get for now on.    Worth a few listens, but for serious music fans who are looking for something similar and much much better, I HIGHLY recommend Henry Cow, the Mahavishnu Orchestra, King Crimson and Yes.
B000P12LWY|5.0|Excellent!!!  Now waiting for the # one to come out you will not put this movie down
B001EYU1VO|4.0|I bought this product because I have purchased other Saitek products before and have enjoyed them very much.  The way the Joystick works is interesting, I have never seen a joystick come in two parts like this one did.  It has the stick and the base separate when you first purchase it.  The base is also quite noteworthy.  For space saving it folds in on it self and when you need to play a game it expands to create a nice base.  Over all this is a great joystick. However, this is not some of the other professional sticks out there.  Space is sacrificed for quality and some things just become cramped.  The plethora of buttons help, and the adjustability is wonderful.
B00000IQC8|4.0|Yeah, I know. Low budget. Black and white. Nothing much really happens. I get it. I still like it, though. I like it because of the witty dialogue, which is basically where all the humor in this movie is found. The Star Wars dilemma, the cigarette fury, the oral sex story, etc. I mean, it's all about the dialogue, and the characters that say them. Sure, there's a bit of physical comedy here and there, but the quirky conversations are what makes \\"Clerks.\\" Basically, I'm not a big fan of Kevin Smith, but this is one film that I particularly enjoyed watching.
B001NESPHC|5.0|I bought my one and only thrill on a whim and I was very surprised. It is really good. I recommend this to anyone who likes jazz.
B001P9KR8U|5.0|Whenever I watch Jeopardy or Who Wants to be a Millionaire, I always hope for questions from the following categories: computers, Chicago Bears, The Karate Kid, internet videos, Yo Momma jokes, and famous midgets.  I'm sure I'd win it all.  It never happens, of course, and there ends up being questions about Zoroastrianism, famous European architecture, or Finnish lakes.  For one Indian slumdog, however, the stars align.<br /><br />A young man, Jamal, is a contestant on the Indian version of \\"Who Wants to be a Millionaire\\", and he's quickly turning into an improbable Ken Jennings-like participant with a nation of cheering .  He simply cannot lose, and none of the game-show or police officials, who torture him, believe he's doing it legitimately; they're willing to beat him in order to prove that he's cheating.  Time and time again, however, Jamal unfolds exhilarating tales of how he has answered the seemingly impossible questions, and proves through flashbacks that his difficult, poverty-stricken life filled with the pressure of both the impossible rags-to-riches life of urban Mumbai, India, but also a criminal element constantly grasping at his shoestrings, has provided him with a lot more knowledge than anyone could believe.<br /><br />Together with his brother Salim - who drifts towards the criminal element rather than living a more difficult ethical life - and the only woman he has ever loved, Latika, the three form as children their own version of the Three Musketeers.  When hardship causes them to separate multiple times in life, it's love that eventually brings Jamal back to his brother, and eventually Latika.  When he improbably ends up on the game-show, he realizes it is his best, and possibly last, chance at a dream life with Latika.<br /><br />Very rarely does a highly touted film actually deserve the praise Hollywood bestows upon it.  In the case of Slumdog Millionaire, I'd say that for a welcome change, the praise is warranted.  The story itself is enthralling; there is intense drama, excellent acting, and a total package that brings about heartbreaking emotion.  Comparable to several movies, I'd say this most closely resembles an Indian Romeo and Juliet, but with a less tragic ending.  Amidst the squalor of the Indian slums, this fast-paced gem shines right through the fast-rising garbage typical of Hollywood, as well as the garbage piling up in the Mumbai slums.  Highly recommended.e drama, excellent acting, and a total package that brings about heartbreaking emotion.  Comparable to several movies, I'd say this most closely resembles an Indian Romeo and Juliet, but with a less tragic ending.  Amidst the squalor of the Indian slums, this fast-paced gem shines right through the fast-rising garbage typical of Hollywood, as well as the garbage piling up in the Mumbai slums.  Highly recommended.
B000JVSUS4|5.0|If your a fan of the film and are looking for the HD experience then rest assured it delivers. Even if you haven't seen the film, chances are you'll enjoy it.
B000UNYJV8|5.0|Superbly written and directed by Shane Meadows, \\"This is England\\" provides us with an unflinchingly realistic and grimly depressing look at the skinhead subculture of early 1980's Britain.<br /><br />Shaun is a twelve-year-old lad who has recently lost his father in the Falklands War.  Even though Shaun has learned to give as good as he gets when the schoolyard and neighborhood bullies go to whaling on him (both verbally and physically), that still doesn't keep him from being ridiculed and harassed on an almost daily basis by kids who are bigger than he is - until, that is, he hooks up with a gang of social delinquents who take him under their wing, drastically altering his appearance and bringing him along on orgies of destruction as part of his initiation.<br /><br />Although \\"This is England\\" is harrowing in what it says about a generation caught in an out-of-control spiral of purposelessness, rebelliousness and violence, there is a surprising amount of humor and tenderness in the film as well.  Shaun may be mouthy and obnoxious a good part of the time, but he also possesses a whip-smart sense of humor, a strong instinct for self-preservation, and a wise-beyond-his-years perceptiveness about how life on the street actually works.  In a similar way, even the punks who befriend and corrupt the boy are portrayed as complex, three-dimensional individuals, their occasional displays of charm and decency going a long way towards explaining just why it is that Shaun and even his own well-meaning mother are so easily taken in by them.<br /><br />The real trouble begins when Combo, a neighborhood troublemaker and now radical \\"England for the English\\" nationalist, is released from prison and proceeds to infect the group with the idea of \\"taking back\\" the country from the hordes of dark-skinned \\"Pakis\\" who have increasingly made their home there.  A gifted rabble rouser, Combo not only exploits working class dissatisfaction with the economy and the war, but appeals to out-and-out racism and xenophobia to win the men over to his side.  This proves too much for a number of the gang's members - including Woody, the nominal leader - who quietly bow out of the scene, but Shaun, still feeling sorely the absense of his father, continues to find a home with the group.<br /><br />The thing that is most striking about \\"This is England\\" is how remarkably fleshed-out and true-to-life the characters are, a result stemming as much from Meadows' thoughtful and intelligent screenplay as from the brilliant performances by Thomas Turgoose and Stephen Graham as Shaun and Combo, respectively.  Turgoose has an astonishing ability to be both childlike and strangely adult at one and the same time, while Graham keeps us on edge throughout with his volatile combination of charm, charisma, love of violence and hair-triggered temper.  And there are numerous other first-rate performances in the film as well.<br /><br />Even though the story, in this case, is played out against the backdrop of bellicose speeches by Margaret Thatcher and file footage of the Falklands War, the themes the movie deals with - the irrational fear of \\"the other,\\" the radicalization of disaffected youth, the seductive nature of the mob mentality - are sadly universal and relevant to all times and societies.  It is an eye-opening, cautionary tale about where modern society may be heading if we don't learn to see beneath the superficial differences of skin and culture and find the common ground of humanity that unites us all.  It's an old message but one that is delivered with unforgettable force in this film.ophobia to win the men over to his side.   This proves too much for a number of the gang's members - including Woody, the nominal leader - who quietly bow out of the scene, but Shaun, still feeling sorely the absense of his father, continues to find a home with the group.      The thing that is most striking about \\"This is England\\" is how remarkably fleshed-out and true-to-life the characters are, a result stemming as much from Meadows' thoughtful and intelligent screenplay as from the brilliant performances by Thomas Turgoose and Stephen Graham as Shaun and Combo, respectively.   Turgoose has an astonishing ability to be both childlike and strangely adult at one and the same time, while Graham keeps us on edge throughout with his volatile combination of charm, charisma, love of violence and hair-triggered temper.  And there are numerous other first-rate performances in the film as well.    Even though the story, in this case, is played out against the backdrop of bellicose speeches by Margaret Thatcher and file footage of the Falklands War, the themes the movie deals with - the irrational fear of \\"the other,\\" the radicalization of disaffected youth, the seductive nature of the mob mentality - are sadly universal and relevant to all times and societies.  It is an eye-opening, cautionary tale about where modern society may be heading if we don't learn to see beneath the superficial differences of skin and culture and find the common ground of humanity that unites us all.  It's an old message but one that is delivered with unforgettable force in this film.
1600241824|4.0|The only thing better than reading David Sedaris, is having him read to you. His witty observations and dry delivery had me driving down the road LMAO. I especially enjoyed his childhood reflections of life in NC and also hearing about some of his more colorful neighbors later on.
B001TODCII|5.0|and it succeeds nicely in that genre. Remember, an action/revenge flick is  very generic and follows a simple formula. In the first 10 minutes,  the villain does something very bad to the hero and /or his family.  The next hr and a half is jockeying for position. The last 5 min, the  bad guy is eliminated in a creative manner. And you know what? That  usually works for me.    But this is more. Young women worldwide are enslaved by various ruses,  or-as in this instance-outright kidnapping. White slavery is very  much a reality (and its counterpart childnapping for the selling of  children). I know whereof I speak. I want my teen daughter to  watch, not for the violence, but to be aware that there are those  in the world who will steal, sell, and hurt a young girl and  not lose a night's sleep over it. I wish all of those predators  ended up the way these men did.
B0016MOWP0|3.0|Not Like expected!!, i though i could find clear oceans and high definition everywhere but i was wrong.
0307454894|4.0|The hype about the movie based on this book spoiled the plot for me, but the plot is not what's most compelling anyway. The book takes place in post-WWII Germany, where thirty-something Hanna comes upon fifteen-year-old Michael Berg, who is obviously ill. She walks him home, and, after getting over a bout of hepatitis, Michael visits Hanna to thank her. Thus begins an unlikely affair. (I'm reminded of \\"The Last Picture Show\\" without the comic element.) Moreover, Hanna harbors two big secrets that are wildly different in magnitude, but she guards them both equally closely. Hanna exits Michael's life abruptly but leaves a lasting impression, and then their lives cross again under very different circumstances while Michael is in law school. The book is largely about sins of omission, on the part of both main characters. It raises several disturbing questions, such as what constitutes betrayal and whether one should risk embarrassing a person in order to save him/her from larger consequences, when that person seems unwilling to save himself/herself. The biggest question, though, has to do with the Holocaust and what steps should or could the guards have taken to save the prisoners. Translations always seem a bit dispassionate to me, but in this case, emotional numbness is one of the primary themes, so that the absence of passion seems to be appropriate.
6305428050|5.0|This is the first and only movie review I'll ever do.  I do not watch movies.  In fact, I hate movies with a passion.  This is the only movie I've ever watched in my entire life that I actually loved.  I tried to watch movies and appreciate them, but I never could enjoy them.  I don't even try anymore to watch movies.  I've accepted the fact that I am not a movie watcher, but a book reader instead.  However, of all the movies I've tried to watch, this is the only movie I love.  I will not review any of the other movies I've watched (or tried to watch - I don't comprehend movies) because it wouldn't be fair to give those movies 1-star reviews just because I couldn't get into them.<br /><br />This is a fun and cozy movie.  Because I love it so much, I've watched it several times.  I've also read the book, and I also have a review for that, also.  This is a movie I can actually enjoy, cuddled up on the couch on a Friday night.  (Most Friday nights I am reading a book.)<br /><br />Chris Parker, a beautiful teenager girl, accepts a babysitting job after being stood up by her boyfriend.  She thinks it will be a quiet night at home with the kids. . .<br /><br />Her friend Brenda calls her to come and pick her up at the bus station after Brenda had tried to run away from home.  Just a quick trip to the bus station to get Brenda, and then back home with the kids. . .  Of course, the kids have to come, because they can't stay home alone.  Therefore, Chris and the kids come to the bus station. . .  or try to come to the bus station. . .<br /><br />A tire blows on the freeway. . .  What a horrible time for a tire to blow when you have a carload full of kids. . .  How will Chris get another tire?<br /><br />While trying to get another tire, she and the kids have one adventure after another.  I will not tell you what they are, but they are fun.  You never knew getting a tire was that adventurous. . .  I can't say more, because I don't want to ruin the movie.<br /><br />But the main question is:  Will Chris get the tire, get Brenda picked up, and get home before the parents know that she was out on the town with the kids?<br /><br />I enjoyed the French restaurant scene; Joe was an awesome character; I enjoyed the campus scene; the bus-riding scene was fun.  The hospital scene was really fun.  Gosh, the whole thing was fun, awesome, and cozy.  That's coming from someone who hates movies - from someone whose brain doesn't even comprehend movies!  (But I did enjoy the book even more.)<br /><br />This movie is really awesome, and if you are like me and can't/don't watch movies, I think this movie is one you would enjoy; but thank goodness there is a book out and that would be even better for people like me.<br /><br />Highly recommended (at least for people like me).  I get to have a \\"cozy, adventurous night on the town\\" without leaving my couch.enda picked up, and get home before the parents know that she was out on the town with the kids?    I enjoyed the French restaurant scene; Joe was an awesome character; I enjoyed the campus scene; the bus-riding scene was fun.  The hospital scene was really fun.  Gosh, the whole thing was fun, awesome, and cozy.  That's coming from someone who hates movies - from someone whose brain doesn't even comprehend movies!  (But I did enjoy the book even more.)    This movie is really awesome, and if you are like me and can't/don't watch movies, I think this movie is one you would enjoy; but thank goodness there is a book out and that would be even better for people like me.    Highly recommended (at least for people like me).  I get to have a \\"cozy, adventurous night on the town\\" without leaving my couch.
1416584072|4.0|Monica Ali's Brick Lane is the story of Nazneen, a Bangladeshi woman living in London with her older, fatter husband, Chanu. Theirs is an arranged marriage, but Nazneen is pretty much resigned to whatever fate dishes out. At least Chanu is kind, but, while he is educated and somewhat of a dreamer, he stifles Nazneen's thoughts of expanding her horizons, even discouraging her from learning English. He inadvertently expands her horizons, though, by introducing a sewing machine into the house so that Nazneen can contribute to the family's income. Karim, the young handsome Muslim organizer who delivers and retrieves Nazneen's sewing projects, piques her interest in more ways than one. The book is full of colorful, though sometimes tragic, characters, including Nazneen's sister Hasina, whose love marriage doesn't work out so well, Nazneen's friend Razia whose husband is killed by frozen beef, and Mrs. Islam, who is the neighborhood loan shark. My biggest complaint is that there a number of letters from Nazneen's sister, including one 20-page section, in broken English that is very difficult and annoying to read. Since neither Nazneen nor her sister speaks English, I don't understand the author's purpose in making the letters grammatically incorrect.
B00006CXSS|5.0|It was very moving and beautiful. I would highly recomend it to anyone even if they dont like war movies. It comes in a beautiful package and has great bonus features.
0307346617|2.0|There are plenty of reviews that have already summarized this book so I'm not going to waste my time.  For a book so dependent on using the military to tell its tale, Brooks' painting of the military is utterly cartoonish.  As a veteran myself, the complete lack of realism in his portrayal of and obvious disdain towards the military was distracting to say the least.  That and the fact that all of his protagonists for the most part just happen to have the same political bent was just a bit too much.  Brooks' self-indulgence is all the more obvious when he writes about the \\"heroic\\" Berkley film students.    The characters are shallow and two-dimensional throughout.  His choice of style for the book lends itself to an understanding of the overarching events that unfolded throughout the world, but I don't think it makes for a particularly compelling story.  Some of the threads he follows might have been successful had his format allowed him to go into greater detail.    I don't mind an author's politics on display, but some attempt at subtlety and intelligence is always appreciated when trying to make their statement.  I suspect the same folks who thought that Joe Dante's \\"Homecoming\\" was a masterful piece of social commentary in the zombie genre will enjoy this book.  If on the other hand you're looking for a compelling story with well-developed and realistic characters, you're not going to find that here.
0743496736|3.0|I went into this book blind. I had no idea what it was about except my friend said \\"its good you need to read it...\\" So I did.    Don't get me wrong. The book was well written. The plot made me want to know what happened. And I felt with the characters and lived their horror right along with them. Which, I guess,  by all accounts would make what most people would call a good book.    Baring that in mind, I just felt the book way to much after I was done reading it, and not in a good kind of way. I liked the story but was unsettled with the way i was able to think about it terms of my own life. How it would have affected my school, my friends, and my life. How i would have reacted or turned out if it had happened to me. The empty feeling of \\"what if my friends were lost the same way.\\" The longing to call each of them i had neglected on the pretense that they would be there when I finally got around to them...     Equally unsettling was the way in which she allowed the reader to empathies with both sides of the story. A rather frightening prospect for anyone not ready to see bits of themselves in a kid who shoots up a school,    Again. It was well done. It just lingered longer on my real life than I expected it too and was just more than i,  personally,  was planning to take on when I decided to pick up the book.     Good.... But a bit too real for this harry potter and stardust fan.
B000ZBPQEO|4.0|There will be many listeners (especially baby boomers, like me) who first heard large chunks of the standard repetoire on DG records featuring Karajan and the Berlin Philharmonic.  Slightly older listeners may have earlier encountered Karajan and the Philharmonia, although i suspect that one would have had to be born in the '20s - and probably in Germany or Austria - to have heard Karajan at teh time of his first recordings.    For those who fit into the above categories can all loudly applaud EMI though, as they will all be able to re-live memories of these recordings. I was thrilled to have newly mastered performances on CD of old LPs that I had worn out long ago, and to have so many of them in one box is just great.     Further, there is proof that once Karajan had set himself a way of approaching each work, his vision remained fairly consistent over the years.  Even those who deride Karajan's approach can learn from this set.  There are multiple performances of the same work recorded decades apart, mainly with either Vienna Phil, Berlin Phil, or the Philharmonia Orchestras    This immense 88CD set is so inexpensive, that it would be a crime not to buy it!
B00006D295|5.0|The Rocky Horror Picture Show is one of the greatest comedic rock musicals ever.  It's naughty, over the top, and wonderfully played.  Music is secondary here, and that's fine.  The show goes places that polite people didn't go at the time.  A great piece of historical import to the genre.
B001AVEJ1Y|5.0|Several times, Star Trek has exhausted it potential, only to be renewed.  While I enjoyed the first series the most when it came out and watched it for years as reruns, I really got into the Next Generation (after initial resistance).  TNG was not just a re-tread, but a culmination and maturation of themes evident in the first series.<br /><br />Kirk would blast his way out of a complicated situation, with some cheesy philosophical observations that rang just true enough.  I loved all of it totally, non-critically, to the point that I did not question it until I was iddle aged.  It is the best show that I ever knew.  Period.  You got all the great hard sci-fi themes:  time travel, a new kind of empire, wonderful characters in complicated cultures, and technological power pushing the edge of science.  Indeed, not to exaggerate, it informed my intellectual pursuits through college.<br /><br />Then, after lot of junk TV, I discovered how fabulous TNG was:  rather than military and impetuous, it was studied, disciplined, and diplomatic.  Once again, it synched with my interests:  international relations and institutions, cultures, historical influences, simple alien mystery.  TNG was even better than the original, though emotionally I will always prefer Kirk and Spock,<br /><br />Deep Space 9 and Voyager seemed like pale attempts to breath life into the series.  As a friend of mine said, \\"none of the aliens are intersting.\\"  Neither series did a heckuvalot for me.  I could watch them, but I always felt a \\"so what\\" in the back of my mind.<br /><br />So here we are.  I think that this film may be a successful reinvention.  Because of a time warp, an alternate reality is created, complete with two Spocks existing in the same space.  This alters the universe, opening possibilities for an entirely new series, one up to date in ways I can't imagine or articulate.  OK, I though the resoltion of this film was a bit under par, like the origianl TV series a bit impetuous, but the themes work and are pretty deep with fun variation.  Will Spock and Uhura have a love child?  How will Spock's relation with his father change?  What is Kirk like without having grown up with his father?  Fun stuff for the greatest (and most profitable) franchise hollywood ever created.<br /><br />Recommended?  Yeah.deep with fun variation.  Will Spock and Uhura have a love child?  How will Spock's relation with his father change?  What is Kirk like without having grown up with his father?  Fun stuff for the greatest (and most profitable) franchise hollywood ever created.    Recommended?  Yeah.
B0000046ZJ|5.0|Got my first item, EP`vinyl in 1959 !  If you love \\"THE SOUND\\" of Stan Getz,  You must have this recording either on CD  or you will have the oportunity to get it on 180 gr. Vinyl !  It`s just wonderful !
B00127RAJY|5.0|This workout is giving results very quickly!     When I try a new workout if I don't start seeing or feeling results pretty quickly I usually go on to another one. With the 30 Day Shred I definitely felt a difference after the first workout and after just three workouts I have noticed a difference, even though it is only slight, especially in my abs. I think this will really motivate me to continue these workouts. The workouts are only 20 minutes in length so it is very easy to find 20 minutes each day to get in shape and improve your health.    There are three workout levels included on this video and I have started out with the easiest one. I am thrilled to imagine the results I can achieve with this video, especially with what I am noticing after only three workouts with level 1.    I really appreciate the fact that this video can work for any age group, regardless of your current fitness level. I am 51 years old and even though my body is feeling the pain, it is a good pain and at a level I can tolerate until my body adjusts. I laugh at one section of the workout when Jillian says to not give up, don't shut off the DVD, don't stop, you can do this - if I have 400 pound people doing these exercises then you can do them too! She is a very motivational trainer!
B0000047CW|5.0|Jazz Samba and Bossa Nova enters the peak of pop music !  And the music lives with Stan Getz and Louis Bonfa.  I`ve got my first item on an EP`vinyl in 1964 !
B001NERPHS|1.0|It would be nice if Columbia/Sony would go into the vaults, and take the master tapes and release the damn tapes. Instead they give you a manipulated fragment.    It's well worth trying to find or download \\" a tree with Roots\\". Not only does it have pretty much the complete basement tapes, but sound quality blows this release away. A more recent, \\"mixin' up the medicine\\" Neil Young's safety master is the best fidelity yet. keep in mind those are bootlegs. But what can one do, if the official release is garbage? Actually, I read that the film , \\"I'm not There\\", and it's title song from the basement tapes was mastered from Neil Young's \\"Safety Master\\". Supposedly given to Young by mistake? Eitherway, why wouldn't Columbia use that for mastering if that's the best known source they can locate ?
B001AQO3WY|5.0|This is a modern day band of brother.  Highly recommended for those who like to see the true insight of military.  Real, intense, funny and insightful!
B000001EPB|4.0|Very good songs but i have given 4 stars for the pieces of the middle aren't that good
B001GMH8SI|5.0|This is a fantastic movie (book of course is better). It was brand new, in excellent condition, and came in on time! Great seller.
B001R10BEG|4.0|If you have [[ASIN:B000LC4ZF8 Big (Extended Edition)]], then you will see that this new Blu-ray edition has no new extra features from that version. What it does have is higher picture quality and sound. There are details I hadn't noticed before. Is it worth this purchase? That all depends on how much of a home theater buff you are. If you want blu-ray quality video and audio, then you will most likely want to upgrade this classic 1988 flick; otherwise, you might be content to hold onto your DVD version until something significantly better comes out.<br /><br />When it was first released in 1988, \\"Big\\" instantly became one of my favorite films. 20 years later, I can still say the same thing. This film not only \\"holds up\\" well, it is still a timeless classic. It is the story of 12 year old Josh Baskin, who wishes he were \\"big\\" after being humiliated at a carnival for not being tall enough to ride an attraction in front of the classmate that he has a crush on. His wish is granted by the arcade machine, Zoltar, and the next morning, he wakes up as a 30 year old (Tom Hanks). He's kicked out of the house by his mother, who thinks he is a pervert who has broken in. To make matters worse, he can't reverse the wish for at least another 30 days. On the advice of his best buddy, Billy (Jared Rushton), he gets a job in New York City to pass the time and earn some money to live on. Josh quickly moves up the ladder at MacMillan Toy Company, and also attracts the attention of Susan Lawrence (Elizabeth Perkins), who has made a habit of sleeping with the new up-and-coming executives. The longer he inhabits his 30-year old body, the more he grows away from his childhood buddy, Billy. However, the day of reckoning eventually comes when he must make a choice.<br /><br />Hanks & Perkins give outstanding performances; instead of \\"playing\\" a 12 year old, Hanks actually becomes one. His innocence is totally believable. Perkins plays the part of the ambitious Susan to perfection, and she is the perfect love interest for Hanks. Talk about chemistry!<br /><br />Just like its DVD counterpart, the Blu-Ray version gives you 2 versions of the movie; one is the theatrical version, and the other is an Extended Cut (note: NOT a director's cut...just an extra 20 minutes or so added back in). Skip the extended version; it adds nothing, and if anything slows the pacing down and adds sub plots that are meaningless (example: Billy's shrewish mother, played by Frances Fisher). The picture is wonderful; good detail and color. Sound is a DTS-HD Lossless Master Audio 5.1 Surround track (48kHz/24-bit) that sounds pleasing, but other than the Billy Idol \\"Hot in the City\\" Limo scene, doesn't really get much of a chance to shine. Video is presented in a remastered 1080p/AVC MPEG-4 transfer (1.85:1) and looks very good but won't blow your socks off. Extras are all presented in 480i/MPEG-2.<br /><br />There is an interesting \\"commentary\\" track by the writers/creators of \\"Big,\\" Gary Ross & Anne Spielberg. Although extremely interesting, this would have been better as an audio-only supplement. A nice commentary that corresponds with the picture by director Marshall or Hanks would have been better. The track consists of current interviews with Ross & Spielberg (yes, Steven's sister) who introduce vintage audio tapes that they made while they brainstormed the idea of what would become \\"Big.\\" The tapes do not correspond to what you see on your screen. Yes, it is interesting, but after awhile, it gets somewhat annoying having to listen to Gary continually talk over Anne and not letting her ideas be heard. It does appear that much of the movie that we know and love came from Anne, who quietly (and thankfully) persisted with her vision.<br /><br />Deleted scenes with commentary by director Penny Marshall (but if you watch the extended cut, none of these will be new for you). For one of her first movies, she does an excellent job. As did Anne, she had a vision of what the film and especially Hanks' performance should be and she stuck with it, despite the risks (example: at least 3 other age-change movies were ready for release before \\"Big\\" would be finished). There are a number of featurettes: \\"Big Beginnings\\", \\"Chemistry of a Classic\\", AMC Backstory, \\"The Work of Play,\\" and \\"Carnival Party Newswrap\\" (a vintage film showing the wrap party for \\"Big.\\"). There is a fair amount of overlap in all the extras, as Marshall, Ross, and Spielberg are the main contributors. Still, plenty of interesting tidbits; we came this close to seeing Robert DeNiro in the lead role. It is also interesting to hear the young stars of the film, David Moscow (young Josh) and Jared Rushton, discuss the filming. Perkins also gives some fun insights as well. Theatrical trailer and TV Spots round out this edition.<br /><br />If Blu-ray is to succeed, then some of the other studios besides Disney need to really step up to the plate and offer something that takes advantage of the format, rather than just shuffling over material from previously released DVD's. Disney puts most of their extras in high-def as well, whereas Fox and other studios seem content to only upgrade the movie itself.<br /><br />While it`s good to see \\"Big\\" on Blu-ray, I wouldn't recommend that people rush right out to buy this one.nd she stuck with it, despite the risks (example: at least 3 other age-change movies were ready for release before \\"Big\\" would be finished). There are a number of featurettes: \\"Big Beginnings\\", \\"Chemistry of a Classic\\", AMC Backstory, \\"The Work of Play,\\" and \\"Carnival Party Newswrap\\" (a vintage film showing the wrap party for \\"Big.\\"). There is a fair amount of overlap in all the extras, as Marshall, Ross, and Spielberg are the main contributors. Still, plenty of interesting tidbits; we came this close to seeing Robert DeNiro in the lead role. It is also interesting to hear the young stars of the film, David Moscow (young Josh) and Jared Rushton, discuss the filming. Perkins also gives some fun insights as well. Theatrical trailer and TV Spots round out this edition.    If Blu-ray is to succeed, then some of the other studios besides Disney need to really step up to the plate and offer something that takes advantage of the format, rather than just shuffling over material from previously released DVD's. Disney puts most of their extras in high-def as well, whereas Fox and other studios seem content to only upgrade the movie itself.    While it`s good to see \\"Big\\" on Blu-ray, I wouldn't recommend that people rush right out to buy this one.
B000Z0OX9O|5.0|For years, Blade Runner fans had to endure the New American Orchestra soundtrack, which was simply inferior to the sensual, atmospheric music found on the soundtrack. It's still available for purchase, but its an oddity at best. Although, sometimes, I pop in the player just for old times sake.  Then, in 1994, the new CD of Vangelis' soundtrack was announced and I still recall buying it on the first day of release. I loved it, but some die-hard fans felt it was an unexpected slight. I adored the reworkings and ambient dialouge insertions and listened to it many times over the years.  In later years, Gongo (a fake US based company from 'Romania') took advantage of a public need and released the original soundtrack in its full glory (how they got it is debatable). The disc quality was good, but not mind-blowing. The Gongo edition is essentially the purest edition of the soundtrack that mirrors the Vangelis score found in the motion picture.  The new 3-disc 25th Anniversary disc has now been released. Oddly, disc one is the 1994 release. In the liner notes, Ridley Scott clearly understands that some fans were not that thrilled with the release, but there it is. Why not make disc one a remastered disc of the Gongo edition?  Disc 2 is an incredible collection of unreleased 1982 tracks as well as extended versions of familiar tracks from the film.   Disc 3 is newly created by Vangelis that are inspired by the original score. Again, Vangelis mixes in soundtrack elements along with dialouge readings from everyone to Roman Polanski to Oliver Stone. In short: its awesome!  Buy it, but shop Ebay for that Gongo disc just to be sure you have it all.
1577314808|5.0|I have been practicing yoga for 6 years, have read numerous books and have heard lots of lectures on spirituality. I kind of understood what was going on, but this book actually nailed it for me. It finally all came together and made sense. This is the book that made me finally understand what is meant by consciousness. The mind is a tool to be used for practical purposes but when it takes over and becomes the master, we turn unconscious.  Problems and the concept of time are creation of the mind. If you free yourself from the mind, you are free of problems and time. Consciousness can be gained by going into a no mind state and living in the moment. In this moment there are no worries, no problem, just peace!
0307455874|5.0|I'AM ENJOYING MY PRESIDENT BOOK, IT'S AMAZING AND I JUST THINK HE'S ONE OF THE MOST INTELLIGENT GUYS I HAVE MET IN QUIET SOMETIME. KEEP UP THE GOOD WORK PRESIDENT OBAMA AND I WILL ALWAYS SUPPORT YOU IN WHAT EVER YOU DO.                                                   BRENDA S.C.
B0018CWEYY|5.0|The item was listed as \\"very good used\\" when it arrived it was still in it's original packaging, it had never been opened!!! I paid less than half of the full retail price. Just an awesome deal from a great seller!
B001F290E4|4.0|Seal manages to convey the soul and depth of all the original artists on Soul. As a big Al Green and Sam Cooke fan, I didn't think anyone could do a better job with their songs than the singers but Seal blew me away with his take on the songs.
B001DHXT20|4.0|This was a three to four star film as far as all members of my recent movie party (on my 52\\" HDTV) were concerned.  I thought the wives in the group would only tolerate the film, but everyone was in agreement that this movie was lots of fun and very enjoyable.<br /><br />Even my wife thought the computer graphics were really good and did justice to the Hulk. In fact, she felt sorry for Ed Norton's character (which means the film worked for her). We both are looking forward to getting the Iron Man into the fray!
B000LE16VW|5.0|Bought the product used and it was in PERFECT condition. The movie it self was great. I will be getting all my movies on Amazon from now on.
B0007LXPBI|5.0|My 8 year old daughter and 6 year old twins love this movie. It's actually funny and clean.
1417732474|3.0|The story is great, and as a teacher we use the book to teach Greek Mythology.  My 7th grade students love it.  My original hardback broke in half, so I bought the \\"Library Binding\\".  It is the Scholastic Literature Circle Copy-not true library binding.
B001NESPHC|4.0|What a great find.  I happen to stumble on to this CD and listened to a few sample tracks.  Glad I bought it.  Good seclection of songs and beautifully delivered by Gardot.
B001HAQB9G|5.0|What a wonderful book this is.  Norman Doidge has a great mind - and applies his mind to its essential \\"engine\\" - the brain.  We are not stuck with so many of the gloomy prognoses that once applied to brain damage or limitation - yet he is clear that the brain is also not infinitely plastic.  None of us is using whatever \\"brain power\\" we do have to the optimum. All the more reason why we should understand the brain better and, with it, that phenomenon of the human mind. The book is immensely readable, clever, wise, stimulating.
B001FB4W0W|5.0|As soon as I seen the previews for this show on HBO I was hooked! Every single episode has you begging for more. After I watched the series I found out the show was based on the Sookie Stackhouse series by Charlaine Harris. I went on here and immediately purchased the boxed set and was hooked. All the characters were completely believable and gave outstanding performances. The first few episodes with Bill were great but after him and Sookie hook up I really couldnt stand him. Stephen Moyer does a terrible southern accent and every now and again u can here it slip. But everyone else is just captivating.
1577314808|3.0|As a Christian pastor for 14 years, I found this book fascinating.  Tolle starts out by saying that if you're reading the book from a religious perspective (Muslim, Buddhist, Christian, etc.), there will be no need to abandon your faith - just allow him to take you a little deeper.<br /><br />And indeed, I can see how this happened for me in some ways.  Tolle explained his concept of The Now in ways that I think Jesus was clearly indicating in passages such as Matthew 6:25-33.  In fact several times he quoted Jesus and I believe treated Jesus fairly and explained things Jesus said in ways that seemed to clearly fit where Jesus himself seemed to be headed.<br /><br />Yet in several other places Tolle had to mention that this or that parable had been frequently misinterpreted, before giving his own interpretation.  In the case of the parable of the wise and foolish builders, Tolle's interpretation was nearly laughable, going far beyond anything Jesus obviously intended (especially if one interprets all of Jesus' teachings with the assumption that they more or less mean what they say and are not just clever disguises for various Eastern teachings that happen to appeal greatly to Tolle).  The same was true of the parable of the Prodigal Son.  By the time I got here I realized that for Christians to accept his interpretations of some of these parables actually WOULD require abandoning their faith, and trusting that wherever Tolle says something has been misunderstood, it actually has been.<br /><br />There was something in the book I just could not get past as a Christian.  Tolle kept saying that learning to be in the present moment is the key to seeing our toxic thoughts and thought-patterns begin to fall away.  He says our deepest problem is the mind and its constant rambling, so we must learn to stop thinking (to observe our own thoughts).  Christianity teaches that the mind, like everything else, is fallen, and can be redeemed.  It promises healing and transformation of the mind so that the mind is no longer a fountain of violence and lusts of various kinds.  Christian spiritual masters have shown this is possible - that rather than stopping thought, the content of one's thoughts can be increasingly directed God-ward so that gradually one's mind and thoughts are focused on God and God's goodness, even when engaged in the normal activities of life. Tolle basically says,<br /><br />1. The mind is the cause of your misery<br />2. So stop thinking<br /><br />Christianity teaches:<br /><br />1. The mind is the cause of your misery<br />2. Change your mind - redeem it<br /><br />Many of the techniques Tolle recommends to stop thinking are excellent ideas for Christian meditation.  But once the mind is stilled, Christian meditation reintroduces thinking, only the thoughts are focused on God and on the good.<br /><br />In summary, if someone were to read this book who was not committed to any particular religion, and followed its guidelines, I believe they would live a much better life overall than they otherwise would have.  However, I don't believe his philosophy works as a whole, or that it ultimately beats Christianity when it comes to offering an accurate diagnosis of what has gone wrong with mankind and how that problem can best be fixed.<br /><br />I am a critic of the \\"pray and God will fix everything\\" variety of Christianity.  I can't be consistent in that without also criticizing Tolle's simplistic, \\"The secret is to stop thinking and be present.\\"  Much can come from that, to be sure, but it's certainly not the end of the story.mind is no longer a fountain of violence and lusts of various kinds.  Christian spiritual masters have shown this is possible - that rather than stopping thought, the content of one's thoughts can be increasingly directed God-ward so that gradually one's mind and thoughts are focused on God and God's goodness, even when engaged in the normal activities of life. Tolle basically says,    1. The mind is the cause of your misery  2. So stop thinking    Christianity teaches:    1. The mind is the cause of your misery  2. Change your mind - redeem it    Many of the techniques Tolle recommends to stop thinking are excellent ideas for Christian meditation.  But once the mind is stilled, Christian meditation reintroduces thinking, only the thoughts are focused on God and on the good.    In summary, if someone were to read this book who was not committed to any particular religion, and followed its guidelines, I believe they would live a much better life overall than they otherwise would have.  However, I don't believe his philosophy works as a whole, or that it ultimately beats Christianity when it comes to offering an accurate diagnosis of what has gone wrong with mankind and how that problem can best be fixed.    I am a critic of the \\"pray and God will fix everything\\" variety of Christianity.  I can't be consistent in that without also criticizing Tolle's simplistic, \\"The secret is to stop thinking and be present.\\"  Much can come from that, to be sure, but it's certainly not the end of the story.
B001AVEJ1Y|1.0|Why bother arguing with people who have no idea what Trek was and who haven't the mental capacity to understand the nuances of Roddenberry's original vision? Forget it, ignore it, don't go to it.  There is no use arguing with someone who probably puts \\"TRANSFORMERS THE MOVIE\\" on their top ten movies of all time list.  Soon enough they will forget and go back to their Playstations and XBox's for some more mind numbing \\"fun\\".  Remember: it is highly likely that these people have never even read a book so they have no idea what constitutes good storytelling.  These are some of the same type of people that make shows like \\"American Idol\\" one of the top shows on t.v.<br />The state of ALL entertainment in this country can be expressed in three words: bland, generic and predictable.  Thanks, of course, to the JJ Abrams and Simon Cowell's of this world.<br />addendum:  o.k. Abrams and Cowell are only feeding at this trough and not responsible for it.  Went back watched the movie for free on EPIX still garbage - story problems everywhere.  Characters don't even make sense within the very context of their own background stories!  Tried to find something good and found it - the \\"off\\" switch on my t.v.
B000PFU7OO|4.0|[[ASIN:1423439287 Once -  Music From the Motion Picture]][[ASIN:B000X1Z0BU Once]]<br /><br />Both the movie (opening sequence is smashing) and the music are exhilarating.  Top notch acting and top notch singing,
1423101472|5.0|I love this series.  I love these characters.  And I love the effortless way that Rick Riordan was able to weave true Greek mythology into this completely original series.<br /><br />This final chapter for Percy Jackson and his friends at Camp Half-Blood contains all the twists and turns we've come to expect from an installment within this series.  But there're also some very tender moments included, along with laughs and suspense.<br /><br />I'm very sad to see this series end, but I'm happy to know that it ends on an excellent note.  Unlike some other series', it won't weaken because further storylines become strained.  And, readers can also take solace in the knowledge that Mr. Riordan might have a few more tricks up his sleeve involving Half-Blood Hill.<br /><br />Percy's story may have come to its rightful close, but I could easily see a new band of heroes coming into our hearts and saving the day.  It's my solemn hope that this is true.  But for now, I'll just enjoy re-reading these five books from time to time.  I hope you all will do the same!
B001CW7ZXA|5.0|This is the original movie and it's still hilarious!  Buy it!  Let your inner teenager out.
B001PPLIEG|1.0|This movie is loud, rambling and uninteresting. I was unable to view it for more than 20 minutes. Not my cup of tea. Totally different from  Casino Royale.
B000XUBFE2|5.0|What a great find.  I did not want the story to end, it was beautifully written.  A sure classic that I will want to read again.  You won't be disappointed.
B001AVEJ1Y|5.0|Just came back from a IMAX \\"Experience\\" theater.  This movie is so amazing. It is like watching a HD movie the first time with a HD TV with a screen that is 2 to 3 story height.  The screen is so sharp and clear.  Although there is very little Star Trek in this movie, the action is very good.  The action flows pretty good with the story too.    So go see it.
B00006J3WH|5.0|\\"Once More, With Feeling\\" is one of the top ten Buffy episodes ever created in my opinion. I love it when Anya belts out a rock hit about her irrational fear of bunnies. It still makes me laugh! Being as the original cast sang these songs, I didn't expect very much. But the voices are surprisingly decent, especially noting Sarah Michelle Gellar, Amber Benson, and Anthony Stewart Head (who we all knew could sing decently from earlier episodes). \\"Walk Through the Fire\\" is one of those classic Buffy moments and it always makes me tear up a little. A strong album release for a strong episode! Totally recommended!
B001R0KH3M|2.0|He looked bloated, tired...perhaps a little melancholy.  In his performance, his songs felt dated and you know, in the hands of an more enthusiastic performance or performer, these songs are unarguably timeless!      This is not the concert I wanna remember the man in.  Apparently, \\"going down memory lane\\" with a greatest hits premise has made the master's performance look even more tired.  His solo work was listless and uninspired (particularly the harmonica solo in his opening \\"All Blues\\" segment)  His band was/is capable, but they didn't seem to embody the music much, with the exception of the drummer, IMHO! (Often, it's a reoccurring danger for an seasoned act that has been around for 30+ years to do \\"greatest hits\\" tours: it doesn't take long before the act begin to look and sound like a covers band STARRING the original members.)     Stevie's most recent record \\"A Time For Love\\" proved to me that he still had something to say musically, poetically and politically.  Perhaps he should retire from gigging publicly and do something he might really love doing at this point of his life.  Political activism, maybe? ;)     (I'm definitely SO ready for him to publish his memoirs then get on the morning talk show circuit to support it. :))
B000M52Z8I|5.0|An interesting movie. Too bad it didn't have a following or good reviews in the U.S. I saw it on TV and decided to purchase it to view it without commercials. It was well worth the purchase.
B001GCUO1G|3.0|After X-Men: The Last Stand left a bit of a bad taste in my mouth, I had hoped that X-Men Origins: Wolverine would fix that. Considering that it has director Gavin Hood (Tsotsi, Rendition) at the helm and Hugh Jackman behind it one hundred percent, I had figured that a film telling Wolverine's origins wouldn't be half bad. Well, it isn't as bad as some would lead you to believe, but it definitely leaves something to be desired, especially if you're a die hard fan of X-Men comics in the least. I won't really bother going into the story of the film, since so many have already and chances are if you're reading this you already know a bit about it yourself, but I will say that the best parts about the film are definitely Jackman and Liev Schreiber. Jackman, who first played Wolverine nearly ten years ago, is still one of the best actors to ever take on a comic book character period, and Schreiber is almost equally good as his nemesis Sabretooth. Finally getting to see characters like Gambit (Friday Night Lights' Taylor Kitsch), Blob (Kevin Durand), Emma Frost (Tahyna Tozzi), and Deadpool (Ryan Reynolds) on the big screen is bittersweet, considering how much their characterizations get mishandled, especially Deadpool, who by the film's end is a shadow of the \\"merc with a mouth\\" we all know and love, which is even more of a shame considering that having Reynolds in that role should be perfect casting. Other characters show up and disappear like Wraith (Will i Am), Silverfox (Lynn Collins), Bolt (Dominic Monaghan), and Agent Zero (Daniel Henney), while Danny Huston plays a younger Stryker and Tim Pocock plays a young Scott Summers; all of whom are thrown into the mix in a screenplay that is often confusing and non-sensical, and leads to a final fight is just plain incoherent to watch. Character's motivations change at the drop of a hat, and it almost gets to the point that Wolverine ends up playing second fiddle in his own movie. Still, there's enough here to hold your interest, including great performances from Jackman and Schreiber, and some great special effects work as well. Other than that though, I may be a little generous here with the film's rating, as it remains worth seeing for X-Men fans of all ages, but here's hoping that the next time around, we'll manage to get something that recaptures the magic that Bryan Singer managed to weave on the first two X-Men films.erest, including great performances from Jackman and Schreiber, and some great special effects work as well. Other than that though, I may be a little generous here with the film's rating, as it remains worth seeing for X-Men fans of all ages, but here's hoping that the next time around, we'll manage to get something that recaptures the magic that Bryan Singer managed to weave on the first two X-Men films.
B001EN71DQ|5.0|Product was exactly as described.  I would buy from this vendor again.    CSB
0060599847|5.0|This CD collection is awesome. I listen to it over and over. I highly recommend it!
B001NFNFIK|4.0|Movie was good, but lacked the mystery of the book.  Tommy Jones was excellent, as usual.
B000VFGQUC|5.0|If you are a Thin Lizzy fan from the beginning then you will not be disappointed. Picture quality is great and the audio is acceptable.  With a little tweaking of your Home Theater Sound you can bring out a decent audio. That has been my problem with earlier releases.  The interviews are the icing on the cake!!!  A great insight on the band.
B001NFNFNU|5.0|Excellent movie that is historically accurate yet well written, directed, and acted.  Heart-wrenching to know this actually happened.
B001FBSMF8|5.0|Audioslave is my overall favorite band of all time. So I was pretty disappointed when they broke up. That being said, I have to say I am very impressed with this album. It really does show how talented Chris Cornell is, and a much as I don't like Timberland at all. This is a solid album. My favorite song on it is Enemy.
044024367X|1.0|It's always a bad sign when the author has to name towns Hope and Despair. That means the book is \\"symbolic\\" and \\"meaningful\\" somehow. And you'd be right.<br /><br />Reacher stops Thurman, a \\"born-again Christian\\" and \\"businessman\\" from starting WW3. You see, born-again Christians want to start WW3 by killing lots of people so that Christ will return. And breeding red cows. Not Anglicans, though, because (as an Anglican character explains) Anglicans don't believe the Book of the Revelation is trustworthy - let alone the Bible itself. So it's not like Reacher hates all Christians - just the ones that believe in the Bible.<br /><br />In this book, Child inexplicably paints Reacher as a \\"village atheist\\" - one who fancies himself a skeptic, but hasn't really thought about the issues too deeply. Child strangely ridicules Reacher as one of those who judges others like Thurman for being evil and hypocritical but is himself a hypocrite for judging Thurman in the first place, imposing his own moral preferences on Thurman - just as he complains Thurman does to him.<br /><br />Why are they nothing more than preferences? Because, as one atheist philosopher has said, without God, all moralities are meaningless - \\"the words remain, but the meaning is gone.\\" Without God as an external moral standard, Reacher's distaste for Thurman's misdeeds are nothing more than that - distaste, as one might prefer not to eat celery. We are fortunate that in this book Reacher does not simply prefer to kill Jews and gypsies and homosexuals in great numbers, as one famous Darwinist did not too long ago.<br /><br />Yet he acts as if his morality applies to all people. Reacher has a Christian sense of justice, yet is wholly ignorant of that fact as he tosses around infantile objections to God as if they were not two thousand years obsolete.<br /><br />Reacher also accuses the USA of deploying uranium shells against civilians and covering it up, and sympathizes with deserters, helping one to escape, again claiming the supposed moral high ground.<br /><br />Why is this all so upsetting? Because, like most of the 1-star reviewers, I've read his other books, and it's sad to see what has happened. Someone we thought of as smart (well, actually, that image began to crumble in that book where he says the Vietnam war was the \\"wrong war, wrong time\\" - he seemed to have forgotten the millions killed by atheist, anti-Christian governments) is, in this book, spouting beliefs that are uninformed and puerile.<br /><br />Child seems to have tired of Reacher as a character and is trying to get his fans to cheer as he is ignominiously dispatched in the near future, maybe setting him up for an early death involving cotton wads and a Dan Rather Clown Suit in the next book.round.     Why is this all so upsetting? Because, like most of the 1-star reviewers, I've read his other books, and it's sad to see what has happened. Someone we thought of as smart (well, actually, that image began to crumble in that book where he says the Vietnam war was the \\"wrong war, wrong time\\" - he seemed to have forgotten the millions killed by atheist, anti-Christian governments) is, in this book, spouting beliefs that are uninformed and puerile.    Child seems to have tired of Reacher as a character and is trying to get his fans to cheer as he is ignominiously dispatched in the near future, maybe setting him up for an early death involving cotton wads and a Dan Rather Clown Suit in the next book.
B00092ZMDY|5.0|The Eagles prove why they have been around so long. I hope there are many more farewell tours
B001DHXT1G|4.0|it almost good as iron man and it way, way, way better then the first one too!
B001AVEJ1Y|1.0|This really pains me to write this, but:     The first half of this reboot is incredibly clever, fresh, and the characters we've come to know and love are astonishingly well cast.    HOWEVER: after an amazing setup it becomes STAR WARS - literally. The entire setup is thrown away. Romulan villain \\"Nero\\" has a gigantic death star ship, and he's blowing away planets.    Kirk and Spock team up to - guess what? BLOW UP THE DEATH STAR!     Young Spock flies his little ship thru nooks and crannies of Nero's death star until he blows it up; Kirk gets awards, applause, etc; all that's missing are the goofy baby-names from Star Wars (at least nobody's called Captain Boobbo or Googgo or Jarjar)    I can't believe they'd take such an obvious franchise and try to graft onto Trek.    What's next? Jar Jar Binks in a time warp?
B001DU8T6S|4.0|I find it sad that because of Freddie's death too many people think that he was all there was about Queen..I've been a fan for decades and have enjoyed soo much of their music and not all of it was Frieddie's songs. Brian May is a huge contributor to Queen's history of music and he and Roger should not have to change the name of the group because Freddie died. I find all the negativity sad as I really enjoy Cosmos Rocks it had what was still alive of Queen and Paul Rogers mixed in for a truly enjoyable album there were evena couple songs I could really imagine Freddie singing.     I was a sceptic too a few years back but then I saw them live in 2006 and there was soo much respect for Freddie and no one tried to imitate or copy him. I think some of you out there are not looking at the big picture..Queen still lives!   How sad that many of you seem to think it is all for the money but you are wrong, neither Brian May not Roger Taylor are hurting for money they do it because they love to make music and Freddie's death ripped a sizable whole in their lives but they can't just stop nor do I think they should have to lose the name Queen...there were there from the begining too and have right to continue to call themselves Queen.    I miss Freddie's voice soo much but I do not think that the rest of the band has to change their name just because of that loss. The album gets a solid 4 stars from me I'm pleased they made it and I enjoy it. Without Freddie it is hard to give 5 stars but I can at least appreciate the quality and strength of the surviving members work as well as Paul's great vocals and talent as well.
B000002OX3|1.0|I just bought a copy of A Quick One with a sticker that said it was re-mastered in stereo.  It is not.  It is the same mastering as originally released in 1995.  The only songs in stereo are Run Run Run,I've Been Away, In the City and Man with the Money.  Also Whiskey Man is in fake stereo.  If you already have A Quick One, don't be fooled by claims of new stereo re-mastering.
B0013FSL0C|5.0|I purchased this season of In Treatment as I had heard from others that it was a pretty good program.  I am a professional in this field and I wondered if the show would be a \\"hollywood\\" version of mental health and psychotherapy, as if often the case with shows in a particular field of professional practice.  I am happy to say that the shows I have watched so far have been excellent.  The characters, both patient and the therapist, are very well done, not over played, and at the same time, keep you hooked into the story and closely watching the artful interchange between patient and doctor.  I would recommend this series for anyone interested in the fieldyearand for anyone who may prefer artful intellect over mindless action.  I would not say the show if enough to get one to buy HBO, but it certainly warrants renting or buying the series a  year later when it comes out.
B000K15VSA|5.0|As cool of a giftset you can get, the size is like a real briefcase and comes with tons of goodies. If your'e a fan of Blade Runner, there's no other edition you should be getting. It's well worth the money.
B00169N0BK|2.0|I have used three other profilers before and understand color management well. Aside from the licensing and installation problems, I only want to comment on the functionality of this instrument. 1. The advance calibration for the display does not work. Concur with other reviewers that the brightness cannot be set to target. If you skip the step by hitting the next button, you get a dark profile that is totally useless.The ambience measuring is a joke: gives you no idea what is dim, moderat or bright environment and therefore give you a unpredictable profile. 2.I have made two profiles for my Canon i990 printer and both turned out to be dark and yellowish. Face tone are like jaundiced patient.Optimizing it makes it worse. I give it a 2-star rating because the scanning design is really easy to use and one profile I made for my Epson 1440 printer is barely usable albeit too dark. But I do not understand why the Canon printer profile were so bad. I really regret that Xrite put out such an unreliable product in this day and age when 400 dollars can buy a lot of good photographic instruments, not to mention the frustration of wasting so much ink and paper to find out that Colormunki really does not work. It should be renamed ColorMonkey. Shy away from it.
B00127RAJY|5.0|This video is worth every penny. Its highly motivating and an intense workout to boot.  I feel great afterward and even though I've only been doing it for a few days my endurance is way up.  Definitely give this video a shot.
B001TODCII|3.0|As revenge movies go, this doesn't compare to great revenge classics like \\"Death Wish\\", \\"Rolling Thunder\\" or \\"Bring Me the Head of Alfredo Garcia\\".  If you haven't seen any of those, buy them and not this.  However, this film held my attention and it was great to see a big sensitive actor like Liam carrying such a dark brutal story.  The action is just a bit too unrealistic.  We see Liam beating up five guys at once who are all half his age, but we never see him pause to catch his breath once.  I don't think he ever bleeds or bruises at any time.  This is a shame, because seeing Liam's character at risk would have drawn the viewer deeper into the story.  Liam Neeson is an exceptional actor who can easily play vulnerability.  But his vulnerable side is never explored.  All we get is a loud bone-crushing superhero.  Still, as bad as it is, I enjoyed \\"Taken\\" and will probably watch it again someday.
B0007KS7D0|4.0|This is a great little item for the price. Obviously not as good as a macro lens, but well worth it for the person that cannot afford a dedicated lens or fot the person that has a camera with a non-interchagable lens.
B001SGEUNI|5.0|I love Halestorm and this album is amazing. It's already one of my favorite albums of 2009. Everyone needs to get it, because Halestorm is an amazing band and this album just proves that.
B0007Y08IS|4.0|\\"Team America World Police\\" is a political satire from Trey Parker and Matt Stone about their perceptions of America's role as the world's policeman. Made with \\"Thunderbirds\\" style marionettes, the plot springs from the destruction of much of Paris while pursuing terrorists, where an elite U.S. counter-terrorism group loses a member; the replacement turns out to be an actor with a boatload of emotional baggage. Before long North Korean crackpot Kim Jong-il plots world destruction with the help of the Film Actors Guild, lead by Alec Baldwin. An assortment of leftist actors sympathizes with Kim and believes everything to be America's fault. Satire can be the best indicator of reality; certainly this is one of those times as the film satirizes the arrogance, nave, and simplistic attitudes so prevalent in the chic Hollywood political activist circuit.<br /><br />The film is somewhat libertarian in attitude, as it mocks elements from all political factions from Derkaderkastan to Hollywood. By far most of the venom here is directed at the far left Hollywood elite, with special treatment reserved not only for Baldwin, but Michael Moore (who is referred to as a \\"giant socialist weasel,\\" and who blows up Mount Rushmore), Martin Sheen and Tim Robbins (who are North Korean guards), Sean Penn, Susan Sarandon, Janeane Garofalo, George Clooney, Matt Damon, Danny Glover, Peter Jennings, and others. The actors meet fates appropriate for the film, with Glover and Penn being eaten by house cats, for instance.<br /><br />The United Nations, as impotent in this film as it is in real life, is also rightfully mocked. The U.N. sends the useless Hans Blix to inspect Kim Jong-il's property, and Hans is quickly eaten by Kim's sharks. Kim gets to sing a ballad about loneliness that is the musical highlight of the film, although I loved the battle preparation song complete with the line \\"we're gonna' need a montage\\" almost as much.<br /><br />As you might expect from Parker and Stone, the film is frequently tasteless (e.g. extensive marionette vomiting) and is very politically incorrect. I am by no means a fan of \\"gross out\\" humor, and while some of the gags could have been dispensed with, the satirical points made by Parker and Stone are completely legitimate. Unsurprisingly some of the people caricatured in the film were unhappy with the skewering they received. Penn wrote a hostile and profane letter to Parker and Stone as a result, which seemed to prove that he can dish it out but can't take it, although Clooney was more mature and claimed that he would have been insulted had he not been parodied in the movie.<br /><br />The film is refreshingly independent and did well at the box office (grossing approximately $51 million), which provides hope that more films not beholden to the uber-left Hollywood mentality will be greenlighted in the future. While \\"Team America\\" is nowhere near perfect, it does have many funny moments interspersed with the gratuitous grossness, and most importantly of all, effectively skewers its targets, which was the point in making a satire in the first place.ess (e.g. extensive marionette vomiting) and is very politically incorrect. I am by no means a fan of \\"gross out\\" humor, and while some of the gags could have been dispensed with, the satirical points made by Parker and Stone are completely legitimate. Unsurprisingly some of the people caricatured in the film were unhappy with the skewering they received. Penn wrote a hostile and profane letter to Parker and Stone as a result, which seemed to prove that he can dish it out but can't take it, although Clooney was more mature and claimed that he would have been insulted had he not been parodied in the movie.    The film is refreshingly independent and did well at the box office (grossing approximately $51 million), which provides hope that more films not beholden to the uber-left Hollywood mentality will be greenlighted in the future. While \\"Team America\\" is nowhere near perfect, it does have many funny moments interspersed with the gratuitous grossness, and most importantly of all, effectively skewers its targets, which was the point in making a satire in the first place.
B0013FNC38|5.0|I love Jason Mraz and this album is just another example of why I love him. His music always puts me in a good mood. I'm Yours is my favorite song of the album, but all of them are very good and I would recommend it to everyone.
B0007PAMR4|2.0|Basically all the criticisms of this movie upon its release are on point. The story is choppy and confusing; the special effects are terrible, even for 1984; and the appearance of the film in general leaves you wondering if the intent was not to make a serious recreation of the novel but rather something campy, like \\"Flash Gordon\\" -- except that it is much darker, with occasional gory intrusions. What you're left with is basically all the novel's mumbo-jumbo (\\"Bene Gesserit,\\" \\"Maud'Dib,\\" \\"Kwisatz Haderach\\") but nothing of the sense you get from the best science fiction of a complete, alternate time and place. In addition, some of the acting is downright terrible, especially Brad Dourif's (Piter de Vries), whoever he is. Sting too, while bringing back memories of his hairstyles from that era, is pretty unconvincing. Poor Max von Sydow cannot but come across well, but he's killed after about 10 minutes on screen. There's really no saving this movie: fans who wanted it to work, and wanted David Lynch to do it well, can maintain that it was brutal editing that caused the problem, but it's just not the case. No amount of additional scenes would have made this a good movie. It is definitely a disappointment. On top of it all, this DVD release (I am reviewing the \\"extended version,\\" with the theatrical cut on side A and the \\"Alan Smithee\\" version on side B) looks very poor. It's been put into a Dolby Digital 5.1 mix, which sounds fine, if uninspiring, but the picture quality looks rough and aged. One suspects that given the source no one thought it was worth the time to restore. They were probably right. Two stars: One for Toto, one for Sean Young, cornerstone of 80's sci-fi babedom.
B00005MM01|5.0|I'll make this short and sweet.  In content and structure this was a great album as the original record set, and the CD has brought it back.  Right up there with Dylan, The Beatles, PP&M, Simon and Garfunkel, Stone Poneys, and The Doors in defining \\"The Sixties.\\"
B001UE27X8|5.0|Wonderful remastered classic.  Heartily recommend. In my opinion, Bill Evans was the greatest jazz piananist of his or any time.  Tony Bennett with Bill Evans at his best.  Magnificent!
B000X5SPBI|5.0|shows on TV right now.  I've been loving Supernatural since the first episode and Sam/Dean have really grown in the series.  From fledgling demon hunters to full on demon killers, but still at the same time keeping that thing that seperates us from them...their humanity.  Yes, he sold his soul to save his brother and that is one of the major storylines in Season 3.  As the brothers race towards finding a way to undo this pact that has been made.<br /><br />Not knowing what lies ahead for them it never stops the Winchester brothers from having a blast doing what their Dad trained them to do.  It's violent, dark and grown up, but at the same time its light hearted and funny to watch.  Supernatural isn't like any show out there and that's what makes me love it so much.  Especially after the Season 3 epic cliffhanger, I can't spoil for folks that haven't seen it yet.<br /><br />But wow!  It's something else and will leave you wanting Season 4 to hurry and come out on DVD asap.  I love all the characters in story whether recurring (Bobby) or not.  They all make this show something special and kudos to the writers, producers, directors, set designers, lighting effects, custome designers and everyone else work on the show.  Thanks for making Supernatural just that.
B001C08RHA|4.0|I was very happy with the movie over all and how quikly it arrived. There were a little bit of scrattes but nothing to ruin the movie. Thanks for the service.
0399534601|5.0|This book is really great!  It makes you see the world around you in a whole new way!  I frequently hear, \\"I'm not creative at all\\" or \\"Where do you get all your ideas?\\" or \\"I don't have an artistic bone in my body.\\"  Well, this book is the answer.  You ARE creative.  You DO have ideas.  EVERYONE has some artistic gift.<br /><br />The back cover says, \\"Everyone is an artist.\\"  Yep.  I believe that.  God gave us all different gifts, you just have to find yours.<br /><br />Read more on my blog:  digitalfondue.wordpress.com
B00000DHRX|5.0|My CD's got stollen over a year ago, this CD is one I just had to replace! Anyone who is a George Michael fan will love this! The 2 CD set is broken down into one that is his softer songs and one that is more up tempo. I play the softer one at work often.
B001JE25ZE|5.0|I very much enjoyed the movie \\"I Am Legend\\" and i am pleased to say that the book was just as good, if not, better. I don't read a lot of books, but this one had me hooked. It was very original, very clearly worded, and the plot was fantastic! I loved how the author was able to put a reason behind everything that happened which made it not only logical, but very believable. I would recomend this book to anyone who enjoys books with suspense, horror, and that keeps you guessing throughout the whole story.
B001PA0FF4|5.0|Superb performances by all!  Have watched it several times now and always see something different!
B001GMH8SI|4.0|Quiet docu-drama about Christopher McCandless, a young kid who is searching for himself and where he belongs in the world. If this was done wrong, it the kid would have seemed like a whinny yuppie who needs a good slap. Instead it's done with tenderness and quiet grace, and you feel empathy and sympathy for him. Also has some nice scenes with the people he meets along his journey. Plus a strong soundtrack from Eddie Vedder that fits the mood of the movie perfectly.
B001IF266C|5.0|\\"Seventh Tree\\" is an ablum of gasping beauty..an autumnal masterpiece with lush strings, beautiful accoustics, and the lilting ethereal pipes of Allison Goldfrapp.  These folk pop gems are irresistable.  Anyone put off by the electronica reputation of Goldfrapp fear not!  This is like listening to a mash up of the psychedelic Beatles, Serge Gainsbourg and Nick Drake, all sung by an angel. \\"Clowns\\" and \\"Cologne Cerrone Houdini\\" are masterpieces, blasts of pure joy..and this album, once in, will not leave your player of choice for a very long time.     This special edition features a bonus DVD that contains some live footage and videos (The clip for \\"Happiness\\" cribs just a bit from an 80's Peter Wolf video) that are notable only for the pleasure of seeing Ms. Goldfrapp herself...the real attraction here is the album.
B00001U0E1|4.0|Wasn't as good as remembered it to be; it won seven (!) Oscars including Best Picture, but in retrospect I think that award should easily have gone to 'Saving Private Ryan'. This it still very likeable though.
B0015KO52S|3.0|Any project that Jack White attaches himself to has the same bluesy, dirty rawk feel...magic in a bottle that can't be copied.  Raconteurs, the Stripes, the Dead Winter, even his Loretta Lynn album...they all have the signature choppy no frills riffing that is unmistakable.      This Raconteurs album is no exception.  With the Raconteurs, the workload is spread over more people than 2, so White gets a chance to stretch out a bit and delve more into songs.  Tracks like 'Salute Your Solution' or 'Old Enough' blast out of your car speakers just like the best summertime anthems do.       The one problem I have with it, however, is the length.  There are 14 tracks here, about 4 of which are sub-par and dont stand up well against the rest of the material.  The second half of the record has too much filler, and after the killer first half the weak tracks stand out like a shredded guitar string.  If they had just taken a scissors to the thing before release, it would have been a tight, 10 track classic (see Broken Boy Soldiers), but with the extra padding its just good.
B00139XZF4|2.0|Mediocre telling of a popular book that I haven't read. After seeing pretty adaptations of other childrens books like 'Bridge to Terabithia' and 'Chronicles of Narnia', this one was a pretty big letdown. Everyone seemed like a stock character, and I never got involved with the by-the-numbers storylines. Looked good, though.
B0017R5UAA|2.0|Maybe the best part of this album is the painting by Bruegel on the cover. Reminiscent of CSNY, Steve Winwood, Panda Bear but like so many bands today, The Beach Boys. However, this smells of the Beach Boys without Brian Wilson. Robin Pecknold's reverbed voice is lovely, but I\\"m not quite sure why he needs the other guys? The music is uninteresting and the lavish vocals call back to classic rock and folk's sappy past. Pecknold's the only star here and hopefully the songwriting will improve and he'll lose the harmony stuff. Or at least see if Bernie Taupin is available...
B001AEF6D6|1.0|I absolutely love most Coen Brothers movies, but when I tried to watch this one when it first came out, I hated it. Wanted to give it another try, given its rise in popular culture to iconic level. Unfortunately, I still hated it. Didn't like 'The Dude', didn't find it funny, and didn't care for the plot. For the second time, I turned it off before getting halfway into it. I just don't get it.
0439023483|5.0|I loved reading this novel!  It captured my imagination in a way that few books these days do.  I stayed up all night to finish the book - it made me feel like a teenager again, huddled under the blankets with my reading light.  It's a fascinating premise, well-executed, and I can't to read the second book. Catniss is a terrific narrator.  I admired the way in which the author kept the action going nonstop, but not at the expense of character development.  In this book the stakes are high and the characters struggle to preserve their humanity as they face increasingly brutal conditions.  This is one of the finest examples of YA lit I've read recently.
B0010X8NF0|4.0|The latest from Wes Anderson, using a lot of the same troupe as usual (Owen Wilson, Bill Murray, etc.) Light but fun movie about three estranged brothers who are called together by the oldest after he has a bike accident (and the an epiphany). They set off in India on a train ride to find their inner spirits. These comedies are more chuckles than belly laughs, but they come often and are nicely quirky. If you like Wes's previous movies ('Royal Tannenbaums', 'Life Aquatic', etc.), then this is right up your alley.
B0010VD7EO|5.0|I LOVE this CD!!! I knew I liked the songs that received radio play (Time to Pretend, Electric Feel, and Kids), but after listening to the 30 second clips of the other songs I wasn't so sure if the CD was worth buying for the three songs. Boy, am I glad I got it because every song on this CD is fantastic! The more I listen to it, the more I love it. It's hard to label what type of music it is, but there's an alternative rock-psychedelic-pop-dance feel to the songs. I also love their Metanoia EP!
B000ZLFALS|4.0|Hit and miss musical. It's a hell of a lot better than the last time they tried to make a musical out Beatles songs (Peter Frampton and the Beegees anyone?). The storyline is generic, sort of like a TV miniseries about the Sixties; no cliche left untouched. However, some strong performances and some inventive choreography saves the day. Not everything works, but luckily no act is longer than 3-4 minutes, so just wait for the next song to begin. My favorites included a radical reworking of \\"I Want To Hold Your Hand\\" (I hear it in a completely new light now), and the scenes with the Janis Joplin-like Sadie. Oh yeah, and there's the trippy scenes with Bono as Dr. Robert and Eddie Izzard as Mr. Kite that are both pretty funny. As an added bonus, the soundtrack (when not recorded by the actors) was done by The Secret Machines!
B001DTPZNY|4.0|Bought this movie to complete my Indiana Jones trilogy. I loved all the movies and enjoyed this one as well. Great ending to a great movie epics.
B000K7VHLY|4.0|I like a lot of the first time I saw it, and still liked it a lot. It's not for everyone (some people really hated it), but I thought it was cool.
B0018QCXH8|1.0|Visually stunning and morally bankrupt.  While the movie provides an powerful sense of time and place it also makes you wonder, why bother?  The characters seem to revel in the most negative aspects of human nature.  The film seems intended to drain the viewer of hope and I found one viewing to be more than enough.
B0017U7PT6|1.0|This could have been a so-bad-that-its-good movie. Unfortunately, it's just bad. Stay far, far away.
B0018CWESK|1.0|Hugh Jackman is not hard to look at but the movie is all computer generated what ever happened to real actors and real make-up men. If you really want to see a good vampire movie get the original Dracula with Bela or Bram Stokers Dracula with Hopkins I felt like  I was watching a cartoon not a horror movie. Not a big fan of Mr. Jackman.
B0000A7W14|4.0|Believe it or not, I had never seen this movie before! Starring the always reliable Larry Fishburne and a very young Cuba Gooding Jr. Simple tale of a young man growing up in South Central LA, with his dad trying to keep him out of trouble by teaching him life lessons, while the young man gets pulled closer to a life of crime by his friends, who don't have the same potential or options in life as him. Well told, moving story that still rings true today.
0312539517|5.0|I just finishied reliving an era in the history of the Western World which should not be forgotten. Jeffery Archer always involves the reader like very few authors are able to do in the lives of the characters of his novels. George Mallory becomes alive in Paths of Glory. Archer brings us to the sad conclusion of a sterling life and compounds the mystery of the achievement Mallory always dreamed of fullfilling.    Why do human beings direct their lives in pursuit of the highest attainable quest of their lives; be it mountains, money, or other goals. The pursuit to the point that life itself, the most basic of human need to survive, is toyed with and sometimes lost in the pursuit?
B0019EXZYE|4.0|Old school heist movie, based on true events in 1971, where there was no cool gadgetry ala 'Oceans 11'. Just the old-fashioned way of digging a tunnel and blowing things up. Well directed, acted, and great pacing makes this a real pleasure to watch.
B001AVEJ1Y|5.0|Just got back from seeing the movie in the theater, and it was very enjoyable. I was an avid ToS watcher when I was a kid, and I have no real complaints with the treatment, in fact I'm kind of excited about the possibility of seeing a new version with these characters. I also enjoyed introducing my young son to Kirk, Spock and the rest.<br /><br />I thought all the characters were well done, the writing was good, the story was fun, and I loved the very end sequence (it actually took me by surprise a bit).<br /><br />My only dislike (and keep in mind I still think it deserves 5 stars overall) is that there was an overabundance of LOUD, heavy action scenes and an explosion of special effects too much of the time. A little over the top in that department for my taste. Not that a lot of them weren't good, it was just a little too much. I really enjoyed all the character scenes.<br /><br />I hope that in this \\"reimagining\\" the writers will have the same level of imagination that the ToS writers did (or more) and not rely too much on pure action (though definitely action has its place).
B001CD6FKS|4.0|Visual eye candy that I saw on an Imax screen. I realize it's not for everyone, but I thought it was amazing to watch! The colors pop up like 50's faux-modern plastic, the acting is just a stilted as the original cartoon, and the plotline is appropriately silly. I absolutely was enthralled watching it all whiz by like Skittles for the eyes! But here's the thing - I don't think I ever need to see it again. And I also think that if I saw it on a normal screen or on TV, it would lose most of it's punch. So 4-stars for seeing it once in IMAX, but 2-stars for replay.
B000U0F7RG|4.0|Excellent series, in my opinion, good acting and very well written.  Very intellegent series.  You won't find a smarter, wittier series, anywhere.  Very fast and sometimes hard to keep up with, but it makes your conversations longer and smarter in everyday life.  It's what makes the show great.  Well worth the money, however the ending isn't really surperb.  Hopefully they will make a movie to end the show right.
B001DTUU7A|3.0|Fun little kids movie that brought back memories of the original book, which I haven't read in 35 years. Nothing special about the movie, and it can't compare to the great Pixar films, but well enough done that I didn't turn it off.
0563494433|3.0|Product was as advertised, arrived in a timely fashion. 4-CD jewelcase was damaged in transit, but CDs themselves were undamaged.
B001GKJ2FC|2.0|Pretty forgettable movie. After seeing great action films like 'Shoot 'Em Up', this one comes off pretty lame and all smoke-and-mirrors. Barely give it 2-stars, and only because there are a couple action sequences are the decent. But overall, weak.
0671042858|4.0|Girl gets lost in the woods, does everything right, and comes out unscathed.\\" NOT! Stephen King takes you into the woods, the DEEP woods, and lets you know it...right down to the last blistering, bubbling mosquito bite. Ouch! Forget the bug repellant...there ISNT any! The strength of this novella lies in sheer description. I wont go into further details, but lets just say this novella makes a \\"bad night of camping out\\" look GREAT...not good, GREAT! Enjoy this book;you'll enjoy the safe haven of your home after the final sentence is read.
B001BN1ZHW|2.0|Great performances, and a great look. However, with a musical it is all about the songs, and I hated them all! I guess I'm just not a Stephen Soundheim fan, because there wasn't a single number that I liked, and most of them I wanted to mute (except I couldn't, because just about all the dialogue was sung). 4-stars for acting and production design, but two stars for the movie over all. (And I like musicals! 'Hairspray' was one of the only movies that I have four stars to last year!)
B0013UN9DQ|3.0|Great CD, although I was a little disappointed to find that Disk 1 had some scratches on it!!
B001UW58YK|5.0|FAST SHIPMENT.
1905654294|2.0|The Breaking Down of Breaking Dawn (and, Consequently, the Entire Twilight Saga)       The fourth and final book of the Twilight Saga, Breaking Dawn, was released with high anticipation and sold, I believe, 2 million copies the day it was released. Needless to say, some loved it, some only liked it, and some could simply not call themselves fans of the latest installment of the beloved series. Then there were those who vehemently detested the book. There were enough of these people that they pooled together and decided to create a protest against Meyers final Twilight release called, Dont Burn It, Return It. The sentiment of downright hate was undoubtedly present in many of the hearts of those who had followed the series so faithfully until present.     I would find myself with those who simply could not call themselves a fan of the book. Ive read it, I enjoyed it for what it was (and thats key with this book, enjoy it for what it is) but I wont be glancing back to my favorite chapters like I occasionally do with the previous three books; simply because I really have no favorite chapters. Without revealing any major spoilers, I will tell you why this final installment falls short of the first three.     The book is divided into three parts or, as theyre labelled, books. In book one, the story is progressing in a way you might think it would after reading Eclipse, but it ends with a humungous plot twist and cliff hanger. In the past three books, I had never found myself being caught by surprise by Meyers stories, so I was very intrigued. The second book has much of the same bizarre twists and a big surprise at the end and is perhaps even more shocking than the first. (Actually, perhaps? Try definitely.) And then we get to the third book. The conflict weve seen (well, Ive seen, I assume most did as well) on the horizon of Edward and Bellas strange but endearing relationship is coming nearer. And Bella, is, of course, obsessing over her doom and the doomof everyone else around her.     I will go into a slight bit of detail here, so be warned: If theres anything ultimately wrong with the book as a whole, it is the narration of the third book. Bellas character, quite plainly, becomes vapid in this last part. Granted, her character has undergone much change, but the way Meyer approached Bellas change (as well as Edwards pivotal character change) seemed almost reminiscent of a newspaper article, in that, rather than show us whats going on with the characters, she simply tells us. Its far more effective to have scenes where characters reveal to the reader whats going on with them, rather than the narration simply going through the motions. And thats what much of all this is: going through the motions. And that is, ultimately, where Breaking Dawn breaks down.     If youre still interested in reading it, I do encourage you to do so; especially if youve finished Eclipse, or are about to, and are interested in reading the series until the end. After all, under a lighter, less critical eye, this book is just pure escapist fantasy; unlike the first three which, while they were of course fantasy, provided analogies to aspects of life and allowed you to connect to the themes, emotions and characters of the book. (Which is my sneaking suspicion of why these books are so intensely popular with all sorts of people; the escapist aspect intertwined with some relevancy.) So, read this book and appreciate it... for what it is worth.
B001MYIXAC|5.0|Terrific movie, I watched the English dubbed version, wonderful theme around direct, innocent and cruel relationships of children with peers and adults, if Eli was a girl I would recommend it for my son's viewing, my own prejudice. CAVEAT: from watching a subtitled version of the trailer on other websites, looks like some scenes in the original movie (eg: bullies going after Oskar in the bathroom) were cut out of the English dubbed version.
B00110K62U|5.0|Once my granddaughter, Izabella, heard the music and we told her the story, she fell in love with the music and the characters.  She is an ice skater and  she will be skating to a few of the songs this winter.  She cannot have lyrics in the event she will use it...so only parts will be used.  I was not able to get just the music without lyrics.  So we will make the best of it.  I have seen the stage play at least (4) times and maybe one day will bring her to see it on stage.  We have the DVD but there is nothing like the stage. The music is spellbinding and this version is impeccable.
B001NFNFNU|4.0|Angelina Jolie is a tour de force in the true life story of Christine Collins in \\"Changeling\\".  This is a story about a mother who comes home from work one day to discover that her son is missing.  It is during an era when the LAPD was known more for its thorough corruption than for solving crimes.  Christine persists in pressuring them to find her son and her plight takes on mass appeal.  The police produce a boy after five months and the boy himself claims to be her son, Walter.  But, is he? Christine refuses to accept this child as her own son,  and the guts of the tale is how she fights and what she goes through to make her case.<br /><br />The Christine Collins case had dramatic impact on the LAPD.  Several key officers were forced into retirement and citizens' rights received protection such that no one could be thrown into a mental ward based on the whims of the police.  \\"LA Confidential\\" is another movie about the police corruption in Los Angeles in the same era and features many of the same real-life personalities.<br /><br />Jolie was nominated for best actress based on this performance and deserved that Oscar nod.  She transforms herself into the mild speaking Christine such that you forget it is actually Angelina playing a role.  The movie was directed by Clint Eastwood and it is first-rate.  Some of the scenes are upsetting to watch, but the movie itself is superb.
B001TH16DI|1.0|The Box Says it all ... \\"Over 2-1/2 Hours of ALL-NEW special Features Plus over 12 HOURS of PREVIOUSLY RELEASED CONTENT*\\" Now you have to read the fine print at the Bottom of the box with the Asterisk ...  \\"*Previously released content is presented in STANDARD DEFINITION\\"  Amazon should be posting this fine print in there description.  People who purchased Blu-Ray players did so to watch High Definition Content. If we wanted standard definition content there would be no need for Blu-Ray players! Paramount Studios tried to pull a fast one on us suckers who purchased this box set. Thank God for Amazon's return policy!  This is one guy who will not be suckered by Paramount's underhanded practices!!!
0743270754|5.0|Ms. Goodwin has done an awesome job with this book. Most books about the Lincoln administration content themselves with discussing the man himself and barely acknowledge the men who worked for him. Some books look at the Lincoln cabinet and note the many foibles and weaknesses of the men who worked for Honest Abe. But this is the only book which actually looks at the interpersonal dynamics of these leaders of the Republican party, all great men in their own right, and the way in which these men came together during the United States' hour of need.<br /><br />Seward, Chase, Bates, Stanton... these were all impressive men in their own right. Overshadowed by the man and the myth of Lincoln, they have become footnotes in history. At least, until this book.<br /><br />Goodwin writes with a style that is engaging while informing the reader of the nuances of politics as practiced in the mid 19th Century. Photos and other illustrations help to make this a truly enjoyable book. It may be very long but it's well worth the effort to get through it.
B000IU3XTM|5.0|Best album I own! Beautiful songs. Helps me unwind after a long day. This product says \\"9\\" by Damien Rice, but the one I bought is \\"0\\".
B000ANVQ0K|5.0|Good business I paid for what I wanted and they sent it in that manner!
1401216676|2.0|What with all of the hype surrounding this work, and with the reputation Moore earned with the Watchmen, I was extremely underwhelmed with the Killing Joke.      The dialog is of the typical amateurish, newstand comic variety, with lots of extremely unnatural sounding lines arising from the author's attempt to weave too much backstory into single sentences.    The artwork is very good, of course, but even here I have issues with the inconsistency in style and art direction.  One frame to the next might exhibit vast differences in coloring, technique, etc. depending on how much the artist fixated.  The overall impression is that the work as a whole lacks coherency and maturity.    But my biggest exception - especially in light of the quotes and blurbs on the cover - is with the story.  Honestly, the jacket copy praising the story is more interesting than the story itself!  The entire backstory concerning the Joker boils down to: starving artist, down on his luck, attempts his first crime to make a quick buck.  Batman pushes him into some chemicals.  (Apologies if that's a spoiler, but if it is here's another:  Batman is really Bruce Wayne.)  Aside from a little artsy \\"Batman and the Joker are on a collision course...\\" monologuing, this really is a story that could have been written by an 8 year old.    Forget this.  It's probably been a while since you read Year One or Dark Night Returns.  Reread one of those instead.
B00004RF83|5.0|It rarely gets better than this. The cast is stellar, near unbelievable: Burt Lancaster, Kirk Douglas, Frederic March, Edmond O'Brien, Martin Balsam AND Ava Gardner - with John Houseman, Andrew Duggan and Hugh Marlowe in supporting roles. John Frankenheimer's direction, in black and white, captures the Cold War era in a remarkable way. If that is not enough, the script, by Rod Serling, is literate and crackles. This is a thinking person's film - could there be a military plot to overthrow the government? In the film, the dispute is between a pro-nuclear disarmament President (March) and the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs (Lancaster). You do not have to be sympathetic with the apparent politics of the film in order to enjoy this - the twists and tensions are terrific. It may very well be that they do not make movies like this anymore - if bang-bang special effects are what you are looking for, this is not it. If gold-plated dialogue, great actors and a serious subject for thought are what you are looking for, you could hardly do better than Seven Days in May, certainly among the great films of the post - WW II era.
B000MR9D5E|5.0|Excellent condition. Didnt take too long to get to me. I was very satisfied with the service!
0517548232|5.0|Just an amazing book showing how almost every policy enacted by government to help the public actually hurts much more than it helps. Hazlitt takes on every fallacy head-on, and derails every myth that has been fed to us by the Keynesians. I really wish this was mandatory reading for every Macroeconomics class, before students start learning about keynesian Macroeconomics, just so that they are ready to point out every fallacy and short-sighted policy the teacher claims is helping the economy. Hazlitt tackles everything from price fixing, to unions, to wage controls, to subsidies, tariffs, and quotas, to rent controls, to inflation.Hazlitt expands on Frederic Bastiat's concept of \\"that which is seen, and that which is unseen\\" and applies it to every sort of economic situation.  It is a very easy read, and you do not need to know anything about economics to read this book. It is a great starting point for any student of economics to get a good start to the school of rational thought, The Austrian school.
0739367676|4.0|I'm glad to finally be finished with the Twilight series, though I am glad that I read it.  It was very well written, with many great lines.  Very well done, with the exception I felt it could have been drastically shorter.  After a while Bella's POV became a bit obnoxious.<br /><br />I love Twilight, and even the secondtand third one, but had a hard time finishing the forth.  I did however like being in Jacob's POV.  It was nice to have someone else's besides Bella's, even if only for a short period.<br /><br />I'm also glad to be in tune with what all the kids are reading/talking about.<br /><br />Now, back to my romances!
0316042994|5.0|A novel of remarkable depth and wistfulness tied to sometimes outrageous humour and a whiff of satire -- truly a delicate balancing act, and here carried off with panache. 'Brideshead Revisited' is a riveting, immersive novel that will carry you to a nostalgic yesteryear of the British aristocracy, complete with all its hidden warts and lesions. A short but lovely read.
B002436WJE|5.0|This is a review for the 2 disc version:  Taken blew me away. It's a tight, well written action flick. Luc Besson wrote and produced this and the character building of Bryan (Neeson) reminds me a lot of \\"The Cleaner\\" in Leon: The Professional, which was an earlier work of Besson's. The action reminds me of the Bourne series but more satisfying in a way than Bourne. The first 30 minutes is awkward. But a lot of what Besson writes is awkward, but charmingly awkward. The extended cut is the European cut. They decided the American audience couldn't handle some of the scenes. There is NO nudity in this film at all and none in the extended cut.     But what you get on the 2-disc version and not on the 1-disc is the following:  \\"The Making of 'Taken'\\" (18:22) - a featurette of the making of.   \\"Avant Premiere\\" (4:37) - video of the premier night in Paris  \\"Inside Action: Side by Side Comparisons\\" (11:05) - what it says   Plus, two tracks of commentary.   The second disc is nothing but the digital copy which is extremely annoying.     Is the 2-disc worth it? If you are a hardcore fan of Taken, then yes. If not, then buy the 1-disc cause that also has the extended cut. Buying the 2-disc is worth it for the commentary and 18 minute featurette.     Cons:  For me, the let down was the acting by Maggie Grace, but I'm not sure it's her fault. She is in real life a 25 year old woman and here she is unconvincingly playing a 17 year old teenager. I'm not saying she's a bad actor...she just doesn't pull off the age thing right. Her portrayal doesn't kill the film, and at times she nails it but at others it's just weird. They should have gotten an actress closer to 17 in real life. Even the ending was not realistic but I'm not sure it was Grace's fault. But at the same time she only endured the ordeal for less than 96 hours so I guess she might not be as traumatized as one would think she should be.     Taken is a solid popcorn flick. One you can watch and have fun with and it gets the nerves going too.
B001PPLIEG|4.0|No spoiler information here - just to say I thought the first Daniel Craig Bond was spectacular and this is a worthy follow up.  The movie starts with a bang and the action is pretty much one fantastic stunt after the other, real heart-pounding stuff.  But it seems as if the screen play ran out of steam at the end, kind of a wet noodle finish.  But the move overall gets a B+.
B001M5UDGS|5.0|Dr. Horrible is, of course, amazing.  I'll admit I was hoping for an amazing commentary musical as well and was somewhat disappointed.  There were certainly a few good commentary songs, but for the most part they seemed rather uninspired and had little to do with the video (I'd have rather just seen the people singing it or something).    That being said, it's still far more entertaining than most DVD special features out there.
0316017922|5.0|I've always been curious about the archetypal \\"overachieving\\" type; the person with a 4.0 GPA, supplemented with a vast resume of extracurriculars and seemingly guaranteed placement at some selective, elite institution. They seem to effortlessly master their studies, creating a very bothersome imposition in the back of my mind that made me feel inadequate. For awhile, I felt that there was something innate these certain individuals possessed, hardening my fatalistic perspective about the world and making me question my own self-worth.    Gladwell essentially put everything into perspective for me. People aren't just born \\"with it.\\" The typical stories describing the ascent to success by prominent individuals oftentimes, if not always, obscure the social, cultural, economic, institutional and fortuitous elements that allow that person to rise in the first place. This book, replete with credible substantiations, investigates the lives of many successful people, like Bill Gates and Joe Flom, and show how particular environmental factors and fortunate circumstances led to the realization of these individuals' potential. The story of success is always more complex than the simple tales of \\"rags to riches.\\" This book comprehensively examines not just individuals, but systems (like public education), and stereotypes (such as Asians being good at math) to provide the reader with a deeper understanding of what provides the proper foundation for high achievement.    Though, let me be clear: this book does *NOT* suggest that sheer hard work is somehow irrelevant, or weakly relevant (i.e. \\"it's all luck\\"), in one's pursuit of success. To the contrary, this book emphatically illustrates how crucial hard work is to the fulfillment of success. The book, however, indicates that hard work goes hand-in-hand with opportunity. Your intellectual potential might have you be a great computer programmer, mathematician, or businessman. Unfortunately, it might very well go to waste without the resources needed to foster the development of such potential. There's no point in having a warehouse of hardy seeds without the fertile soil to plant them in.    This book has inspired me to push onward with my studies, to work incredibly hard towards mastery of subject material and to seek opportunity and claim it upon arrival. Highly recommended book!
B001U6YI92|3.0|I am a huge fan of Leone's work, especially his Westerns. The Good, the Bad and the Ugly is a fantastic entry in his oeuvre (though I rank Once Upon A Time in the West and For A Few Dollars More just above it). It is full of his great style, it's very entertaining, and it features one of the best adversarial trios ever put to film in Blondie, Tuco, and Angel Eyes.<br /><br />So it is with sadness that I have to rate this Blu-Ray 3 stars (and it's closer to 2.5). I've bought this movie three times now, not counting this Blu-Ray: on VHS, the first single disc DVD, and the SE that came out a few years ago. It should be obvious that I love this movie. When the Blu-Ray was announced, I was ecstatic. High definition Leone? Sign me up! I pre-ordered it along with the new T2 disc. Then I started reading early reviews that said the picture quality wasn't up to snuff. I was disheartened, and decided to cancel my order until I could check out the disc for myself.<br /><br />I rented it from Netflix, and have unfortunately found my fears confirmed. While it certainly looks better than the SE DVD, it is not the best this movie can look. The over-zealous Digital Noise Reduction that has been applied completely robs many scenes of the fine detail we might otherwise have seen in 1080p. I put the old SE DVD in my Xbox and flipped back and forth between the Blu-Ray and DVD on a single scene (Blondie stands alone against some hills in the background in the final scene). While the Blu-Ray looked \\"cleaner\\" (that is, the digital artifacting visible on the DVD was gone), there was actually no further detail to be seen on the Blu-Ray! It was as if you took the DVD image and smeared it until the noise was gone, then bumped it up to 1080. I looked specifically at Blondie's eyes to see if any more detail was visible on the Blu-Ray, but there wasn't. The bushes on the hill in the background, too, looked like sharpened up-scaled blobs rather than bushes captured on film by a camera.<br /><br />So, the picture quality isn't as good, but how about the rest? Well, it's mostly great! The extras, carried over from the SE, are all still interesting, and the new commentaries (which I haven't listened to yet) are very welcome and appreciated. The new menus are also nice. But I do have one more negative point: the sound.<br /><br />If you watch the special feature on restoring the movie, the producer notes that in order to make a 5.1 audio track, he had to add sound effects. While I'm sure some appreciate having a 5.1 track, the sound effects (specifically the gun-shots) sound way off from the original unique and integral Leone effects. They use the exact same stock gun-shot that you've heard on TV cop shows and it really detracts from the movie if you've seen the original as many times as I have. The Blu-Ray includes many audio options, but unfortunately, an original mono track is not among them. It did have an English 2.0 mono, but it's still the remastered sound with the lame gun-shot effects, oddly. To hear the difference, pick a scene (like Tuco in the bath), and switch back and forth between the English 5.1 or 2.0 and the Italian 2.0. It's very obvious and really bugs me. So if I want to hear the original sound effects, I have to watch it in Italian? Come on, MGM/Fox, how hard would it have been to include the ORIGINAL 2.0 Mono track?<br /><br />So, in conclusion, you have a great movie on Blu-Ray with lackluster picture and no original English soundtrack, but a plethora of great extras, all on a single disc. Worth it? Not for me, but it may be for you. I'm holding out hope that one day MGM/Fox will get a good transfer that isn't overly digitally tampered with (Leone should have some GRAIN, man! Check out the Italian BR releases!), and includes the original mono sound in English. Until then, I'm going to have to buy the old 1-disc DVD release used to enjoy this great movie.ty isn't as good, but how about the rest? Well, it's mostly great! The extras, carried over from the SE, are all still interesting, and the new commentaries (which I haven't listened to yet) are very welcome and appreciated. The new menus are also nice. But I do have one more negative point: the sound.     If you watch the special feature on restoring the movie, the producer notes that in order to make a 5.1 audio track, he had to add sound effects. While I'm sure some appreciate having a 5.1 track, the sound effects (specifically the gun-shots) sound way off from the original unique and integral Leone effects. They use the exact same stock gun-shot that you've heard on TV cop shows and it really detracts from the movie if you've seen the original as many times as I have. The Blu-Ray includes many audio options, but unfortunately, an original mono track is not among them. It did have an English 2.0 mono, but it's still the remastered sound with the lame gun-shot effects, oddly. To hear the difference, pick a scene (like Tuco in the bath), and switch back and forth between the English 5.1 or 2.0 and the Italian 2.0. It's very obvious and really bugs me. So if I want to hear the original sound effects, I have to watch it in Italian? Come on, MGM/Fox, how hard would it have been to include the ORIGINAL 2.0 Mono track?     So, in conclusion, you have a great movie on Blu-Ray with lackluster picture and no original English soundtrack, but a plethora of great extras, all on a single disc. Worth it? Not for me, but it may be for you. I'm holding out hope that one day MGM/Fox will get a good transfer that isn't overly digitally tampered with (Leone should have some GRAIN, man! Check out the Italian BR releases!), and includes the original mono sound in English. Until then, I'm going to have to buy the old 1-disc DVD release used to enjoy this great movie.
1439138311|5.0|I loved this book... yes, as some of the others have mentioned, it's a little slow-moving at first, but a sweet book that will make you think.
B001V7YWTQ|4.0|For people with good taste in music how often is it these days that you actually look forward to buying a new cd. Well this one does not disapoint<br />this music was good 40 years ago and it is still good today. clapton and winwood sound terrific. i do wish had to cry today sounded a little more like the original had to cry today was blind faith's best song no arguments but who cares this cd is a stellar live performance. my favorite song on here is double trouble this is the best version i have heard eric clapton do. The biggest suprise and best song here is easily the 16 min cover version of voodoo chile jimi would be proud. its good to hear lots of hammond organ in this cd. there is also a dvd of this concert as well.
B000B7QCKO|5.0|I received the tape in a timely manner.  The tape is in very good condition.
B000VNMMQG|5.0|Amazing Grace is truly one of the classic great movies of our time.  It demonstrates what a tireless effort by one man can do to strike a blow against evil.  This is especially valuable for times such as we live in today.
0800196341|5.0|I needed this particular copy instead of all the other versions because this one goes word for word with the original work. Because of that, I was able to watch the video (and with the use of captions) read it as well. It was over in about 4 hours and I got much more out of it. I am not a big fan of Shakespeare so this was a perfect way for me to get through it without too much suffering.
B001SO69IY|5.0|Method Man has been my favorite Wu-Tang Clansmen since 1993.  So perhaps I am biased in my views....<br /><br />In the early nineties, Wu-Tang music was dirty, gritty, and wholly original.  But sadly, too many imitators copied the Wu-Tang style, forcing the Clansmen to evolve and change their unique sound in order to stay ahead of the game.  These evolutions and changes have divided Wu-heads since 1997.  Regardless of these divisions, the Osirus of the Clansmen, Ol' Dirty Bastard, declared, \\"Wu-Tang is here forever.\\"<br /><br />Truth be told, I prefer Method Man's solo efforts, such as \\"Tical\\" or \\"4:21 - The Day After.\\"  That said, Method Man's collaboration album with Redman was a wonderful mix of Wu-Tang and Def Squad sensibilities and expertise.  There was never a dull moment when Meth and Red blessed the mic back in 1999.<br /><br />\\"Blackout! 2\\" arrives over ten years later.  \\"Blackout! 2\\" is almost as hot (and almost as smoky) as its predecessor.  The formula is familiar.  Like their first collaboration album, \\"Blackout! 2\\" is a celebration of blunts and broads.  Meth and Red rip through clever lyrics over unique, Wu-banging beats.  What more could you want?<br /><br />Is this joint as dirty, gritty, and as wholly original as \\"Blackout!\\"?  (I don't think so.)  Is it a display of witty, unpredictable talent, and natural game?  (Well...I'll let you decide.)  \\"Blackout! 2\\" is definitely a genuine Wu-banger.  Light `em up boys.<br /><br />This joint is perfect for your next party (inasmuch as the party attendees know the difference between good music and 50 Cent).  This is true hip-hop, in an age of s---y copy cats and talent-less shark biters.<br /><br />If you're a fan of Hot Nikkels and Funk Doc, cop this joint after you cop their first album.  As for me...I'm hoping \\"Blackout! 2\\" will grow on me during these next ten years.<br /><br />Wu-Tang forever.  Peace.
B00005V3Z4|5.0|Mr. Kelly wrote and directed a mezmerizing and paranoid tale of Dead Traveling. It has already been said what the movie consists of and there are breakdowns of how this worked. I rented this the day it hit the shelves and I was watching with my mouth open the whole time. I urge film students and film lovers alike to buy this movie, you can't go wrong.    It's not only about the death of a boy, but a statement about how wrong people are. Hypocracy, jealousy and redemption come to mind.    One of my top 20 movies of all time. Kelly's \\"Southland Tales\\" recieved a lot of flack, but still I enjoyed the chaos just as much. Only \\"Donnie Darko\\" had a much more coherent story that was easier to follow. I think it's a shame that there was a sequel (S. Darko) to this work of art. No one should touch it if it isn't broke. Hollywood can really suck... I may watch the sequel when I am bored one day, but I won't go out of my way because I just have a feeling it's not going to measure up to this classic.
B001AVEJ1Y|3.0|While watching Star Trek, I felt a sense of wonderment and awe. The special effects are great. The score was soaring and kept the pace.     Overall, the movie was entertaining. Is it perfect? No, not even close.    Could the story have been better? Yes. It borrowed heavily on ideas that have been presented before. Time travel in a Star Trek movie?    During the movie, some things did not make sense. The Red Matter that causes or creates the conditions for black holes, wasn't explained to the extent that it should have been.    If one drop of the red stuff can destroy a planet, then a whole sphere full smashing into an enemy ship, would do what? Wouldn't it create something greater and massive than a black hole?    A creature chasing and falling down a mountain, crashing into a cave entrance, only to be thwarted by a torch? In the same scene, coincidentally introduce a familiar main character. It was hastily written, to say the least.    It would be great if they have an extended cut of the film, that maybe adds more depth to certain scenes.    This is, after all, Star Trek, to boldly go where no man and no one has gone before.     Yet, now, it seems to set out to boldly go where we have been before, time and time again.
B001TOD92C|5.0|Best emotionally moving movie since \\"Magnolia\\". Say that three times fast.    Anyway- You've all heard about Mickey Rourke's big return and stellar performance in this flick... Can't wait to see him in \\"Killshot\\" coming out soon... I agree that it's his best performance since \\"AngelHeart\\". But do not rule out what he brought to the table in \\"Sin City\\", (Sorry, I collected the Graphic Novels and I'm a big fan)... But he was definately made for this part. It's almost like Aronofsky needed to make this fim with Mickey. No one would've been able to pull off this role like him.    This film easily matches Aronofsky's \\"Requiem for a Dream\\". Both tragic and nervous feeling. A bit to depressing for real life, but I guess some people make choices that they can never return from. Please watch this film, not because of the wrestling, but for the story of a broken man who thinks that he can still live the dream.  Marisa is great as a stripper trying to take care of her son the only way she can... Rachel Wood is also good in this but I think I was to busy getting pissed off at her to actually see her performance.    This is a fantastic story, not to be missed. If you enjoy watching stories like \\"Affliction\\", \\"Magnolia\\", \\"American Beauty\\", and \\"Requiem for a Dream\\", then see it. I give this 5 1/2 stars.
B001FB4VZS|2.0|As most fans who watch this show are aware, the character Doomsday emerged this season.  However if your a fan of the comics, you will most likely wind up scratching your head as to why the writers are bringing in a character that is known the world over for killing Superman.  Especially considering this a show that has nothing to do with Superman, but an adolescent Clark.    As usual, Doomsday's origins get the standard Smallville treatment in that it deviates far from the source material.  The writers decided that Doomsday would reside within a human host (that \\"host\\" being Davis Bloome).  Now as much as I would love to say that there was major character development within this season, I'm sorry to say that I am at a loss for words.  Aside from a stellar performance from Allison Mack (Chloe), the drivel that is written up about Doomsday/Davis is hokey at best.      As stated earlier, Alison Mack delivers a roller coaster of emotions through her character.  Chloe, by far, has her worst season yet.  Her character encounters so much tragedy, that I'm amazed that Alison Mack was able to deliver so flawlessly.  All this tragedy stems from Chloe's interactions with Davis. The two share quite a bit of screen time together.  Not in a romantic way mind you, but more in a hostage kind of way.       We also see the emergence of Tess Mercer, the temporary replacement for Lex Luthor (Michael Rosenbaum left the show last season).  Now she may not be as evil as Lex, but she certainly is just as shady.  With season nine possbily being Smallville's last, it's obvious that there is little time or incentive to develop this character beyond a season or two.  Which is why Tess's actions will continue to speak louder than words.  So don't be surprised if this character exits just as quickly as she appeared.      The writers also finally tie up the loose ends left over from Clark and Lana's relationship.  We finally find out why Lana taped the \\"dear john\\" video for Clark from last season, although I think this explanation arrives a season too late.  However it's through the result of that explanation, that the writers finally seal the end of the relationship.  Sadly, the writers put Lana in such an over the top predicament, that it comes off as just ridiculous (trust me when I say \\"you have to see it to believe it\\").  I would have preferred a coming to terms ending between these two characters that would have resulted in a powerful and emotional pivotal scene, in place of the debacle the writers came up with.    Which leads us right back to Doomsday (which this season was centered around anyway).    Throughout the season we saw much bickering between Oliver and Clark over how to go about ridding the world of Doomsday.  Do you kill Davis, thereby making the fight significantly easier, or take the moral high ground and try to save Davis?  It's not too difficult to figure out which option Clark chose.      Now as you would imagine, there is a final showdown between Clark and Doomsday.  Unfortunately, it was weak at best.  The writers teased the audience for nine straight months, only to have this final fight last less than sixty seconds.  This was a major disappointment in my book.  You don't bring in the one and only character ever known to kill Superman, and have Clark not only win the fight, but have the battle run as short as it did.    There is also a major twist in the season finale involving Jimmy, Chloe, and Davis.  The twist mostly involves Davis, but makes no sense based on the characteristic traits we have seen with this character thus far.  It's obvious that the writers were pushing for a surprise twist, but all season they kept leading their audience down a narrow path that resulted in the wool being removed from everyone's eyes in the eleventh hour.  The problem with this is that there were no visible signs that would have left the audience questioning their assumptions.  *SPOILER ALERT* -As if the Davis twist wasn't shocking enough, welearn that Jimmy wasn't really the James Olsen from the comic book.  Apparently he was Henry Olsen, Jimmy's older brother. Which begs the question, \\"Was it really necessary to call him Jimmy?\\".  And given how old the cast now is and looks, I was surprised when they revealed the real Jimmy Olsen to be no older than twelve years of age (I'm totally guessing, but he was a kid regardless).  I find it perplexing, yet also humorous that the writers go to great lengths to avoid the actor's ages. For example, Tom Welling (Clark) is 32 years of age, yet in the realm of Smallville we're supposed to believe he's only 21.  Look, Tom has aged well, but not that well.    At the tail end of the season finale, we also saw the reemergence of Zod (again). It's safe to say that the well of ideas has run dry for Smallville. When you have an underpowered Clark defeating the likes of Lex Luthor, Bizzaro, Brainiac, Lord Zod, and Doomsday, it leaves little reason for Clark to become Superman. And since Clark has managed to go toe to toe with some of Superman's greatest villains, it wouldn't make sense to bring in a villain of lesser renown into the realm of Smallville for next season. Hence the reason why we have seen Brainiac on more than one occasion.    This show is so far gone that I no longer hold that emotional attachment I once had. I thought the emergence of Doomsday was a bad idea, and my gut was right.  I can't speak for everyone, but I could care less about what the next season will bring.
B000XA5K48|2.0|Okay, I like over-the-top sometimes. But this was total eyecandy for stupid people. The new Bond flicks are 10 times better than this crap.  Stay away, Clive is taking all he can get. The carrot thing was really dumb as well. Not cute like my girlfriend thought. Maybe this is an Action/Chick flick?  Monica is just a smokin' hot mama, even at her age. But seriously,this is what the Bush Administration will be remembered for. Feed us crap, and tell us we should like it..... I like Monica.    This movie is for 12 year olds.
B000B6CODO|5.0|Ever since I was a kid, I have loved this movie! Today I watched it to refresh my memory. When young Alan Parrish finds the Jumanji board game in 1969, he and Sarah try playing it but Alan is sucked into the game and stays there for 26 years. Judy and Peter Shepherd move into Alan's house and find the game and finally release Alan. While they play; bad things start happening like monkeys in the kitchen, a lion in the bedroom, poisonous flowers, stampede, a hunter and much more! They need the help of Sarah to finish what they started 26 years ago. If they finish the game, everything will go back to the way it was. I highly recommend JUMANJI!!!
B000Y7U98C|5.0|I loved this movie. There are a few people who thought this was a lousy flick. I was amazed at the whole rather drab and dark feeling that was incased. Kinda Dark City/Apocalypse Now in Space.  There were times in the movie that were visually unclear, and it pissed me off. But as a whole, this was a fantastic movie with a great plot. You put yourself on that ship and feel all the character's emotions.    For those of you that don't like it, go watch Lost in Space.
B001SGEUNI|5.0|After hearing some of their previous live material and seeing them live performing led zeppelin covers I knew they had a lot of potential to be a great band.    Well this album has totally exceeded my expectations!  They do rock (and even a little pop!) like bands in the eighties did it.  It's fun and funny with lots of attitude and great music.  I've had at least 3 songs stuck in my head since I started listening to it.  I was a little worried based on previous efforts that they would do too much screaming but fortunately that isn't the case.  This is the best rock record to come out in a while!  I hope this breaks them out into the big leagues because they deserve it.
B001LRJH0U|1.0|The problem with this movie was quite simply- YOU SHOULD'VE HAD A DIRECTOR!.    This cast would have worked... If it had another director. I love many westerns, like \\"The Proposition\\", \\"The Good, The Bad and the Ugly\\", and \\"Once upon a time in the West\\" etc.. And I love Vito and Ed. But this was more like a couple of buddies trying to make a movie together, and it came out really immature and boring. The character flaws were just pathetically high....Sorry guys, 3 strikes. I really didn't care about who lived or died.     I'm sure it will appeal to people who think that \\"Smokey and the Bandit\\" was celluloid magic.
B0018RWD1S|5.0|I immediately fell in love with Amy Winehouse's album Frank. I bought it for the B-sides (disc 2), especially her vocal interpretation of Someone to Watch Over Me. But both sides are great, great, great.
B001FB55H6|5.0|This movie is a masterpiece in my opinion.    I can't really review the DVD yet as it isn't out yet. But the Director's Cut is about 30 minutes longer than what was shown in theaters and I'm dying to see it.    My own view as to why it didn't clean up at the box office is because the movie is ahead of its time. When the graphic novel came out in the 1980s, comic readers were tired of the same old same old in comics. WATCHMEN came along and blew up the traditional superhero stereotypes.    A lot was said in interviews by the creators of the film that MOVIE audiences were tired of \\"typical\\" superhero movies (just as those comic readers were back in the 80s) and the timing was right for WATCHMEN to blow people's minds.    Well, it did and it didn't. For those who \\"got\\" the movie, mission accomplished. For most fans of the novel, mission accomplished. But for the \\"masses\\", it didn't quite work. I've read a lot of complaints about the film and there is a common thread running through them. Folks who didn't like the movie complain that it was not what they expected. In other words, it was not a typical superhero movie.    From this, I think it's safe to say that movie goers WEREN'T ready for a different kind of superhero movie.     Yet.    When Blade Runner came out it was a dismal failure. Many of the same complaints being made now about WATCHMEN were made about Blade Runner: it's too long, it's too slow, there's no action... Now Blade Runner is generally considered (not by everyone, I know) one of the best science-fiction movies ever made. It has become a classic. It was ahead of its time and audiences eventually caught up.    I think the same will be said of WATCHMEN. Hollywood is cranking out superhero movies faster than we can watch them. Movie goers are loving the CGI and action sequences. We're eating it up! But the time is coming when you'll see a trailer for one of these and groan: \\"My God, not ANOTHER superhero movie.\\"    And that's when it'll be time to check out WATCHMEN again. You might just see the movie a little differently then.    I'm convinced that WATCHMEN, like Blade Runner, will become a classic. I loved the movie. Saw it 5 times in the theater and will probably wear out the DVD. Zack Snyder stayed true to the source material, he didn't dumb it down. And the movie looks stunning! In my mind it is already a classic.    Let's see what time does to the general regard for the film.
B00006690G|4.0|Obviously not one of Slim's crowning achievements but still this album deserves my time in writing a review, Before I begin my review I'd like to mention that my favorite song in this album would have to be \\"My Dad's Gone Crazy\\" a particular line stuck with me in that song, \\"My words can make you cry, take you by surprise at the same time, make you dry your lines in the same rhyme.\\" Just stunning. I'm only going to review the \\"songs\\" and not the skits.    2. White America 4.5/5:  Eminem use's his \\"shout\\" voice in this song and alas to great effect, helping to stur up emotion that is driven by the lyrics, A nice chorus to match the verses.    3. Business 5/5:  The delivery of his rhymes in this song is simply stunning, particularly in the third verse, Dr Dre's involvement in the production of this song is evident by the very G-Funk beat and overall very polished production.    4. Cleaning Out My Closet 4.5/5:  A beautiful song that really that really emphasizes eminem's lyrical ability, this is one of the most lyrical songs on this album and is extremely heart wrenching to listen to, you can almost feel Slim's disdain towards his Mother and Kim.    5. Square Dance 4/5:  More of a novelty song then anything else, however the delivery is still excelent with Eminem throwing quick jabs at Cannabis here and there.    7. Soldier 5/5:  One of my favorite songs on this record, talks about the pressure that is put on him, a nice beat to go with Slim's raps, the hooks are well placed and entertaining, Overall a great song.    8. Saying Goodbye to Hollywood 5/5:  A haunting piano track running barely audible in the background sets the mood for this song, a recount of recent history and his frustration over his life and \\"hollywood\\" Nice lyrics with stunning production.    9. Drips 3/5:  The worst favorite track on this Album, mostly due to my disdain towards Obie Trice as a rapper, Obie Trice's delivery in this song while, while passable, really lowers the bar for the entire album. Obie simply can't rap at the level that Marshall can.    10. Without Me 5/5:  A fantastic song, with a stunning first verse taking jabs at the FCC, Dick Cheney and America in general, with beautiful delivery and awesome production this is one of the most enjoyable songs on the track.    12. Sing For The Moment 5/5:  Must be one of the most classic songs from this album, that is a haunting narrative of how Eminem is being blamed because of his music, with a fantastic sample from Dream On by Aerosmith adding to the effect, a stunning song.    13. Superman 4/5:  Not a bad song per say with fantastic verses and delivery but somehow I never did take a liking to this song.    14. Hailies Song 5/5:  A song retelling Eminem's love for his daughter, and Eminem sings in this song, to great affect alas. Slim has a nice singing voice I must say, an enjoyable song through and through.    16. When The Music Stops 4/5:  A full on rap fest with no Chorus or hooks with, I think 5 artists including Eminem, Nice delivery... loved it.    17. Say What You Say 4/5:  Just Dr Dre and Eminem Taking Pot Shots at Jermaine Dupri and Cannabis, an enjoyable song with nice production value.    18. Till I Collapse 5/5:  With Prince's We Will Rock You's beat in the background, this is one stunning song with extremely invigorating lyrics and emotional delivery and Nate Dogg landing a haymaker with the Hooks.    19. My Dads Gone Crazy 5/5:  As I said earlier, one of my favorite songs on the album, Hailie in the song added to the already enjoyable verses, although not as deep as his other songs... One of the most enjoyable listens on this track.    Overall 9/10:  A nice in general, compared with Slim's previous albums a slight let down, but compared with what else is on the market today, this is still a beauty, especially considering artists like Lil' Wayne daring to release disgusting albums like Tha Carter III, a beautiful album in general.
B001K3JF7K|2.0|I have to agree with most of the reviewers here. I love Diana but this album is dull and disappointing and nothing of her passion not to mention piano shines through. I have bought tickets to see her perform live in July and I sure hope she just doesn't promote this album or I may want my money back.
B0000042MY|5.0|I have always thoroughly enjoyed the music of Mohicans whenever I watched the movie.  I just wanted to be able to listen anytime and this CD fills the bill perfectly.
0307278255|5.0|But seriously, Lahiri is the best living short fiction writer. The  reader finds himself living inside each character as he reads. Enjoyed immensely both her short story collections as well as her first novel The Namesake [the movie version, though,not so great, with a badly miscast main character--the dude from \\"Harold & Kumar Go to White Castle\\"!!!
0375823360|5.0|i bought this amazing trilogy and i can totally say that this series is one of my favorites..ever... its too great to resist...4 thumbs up :P :)!!!!    get it
6305657947|5.0|One of the best chick flicks ever!! I watch it over and over. Rene Russo rocks. Pierce Brosnan much better than as James Bond.
B0028MBKVG|5.0|Running shoe companies have known for years that their products are responsible for the epidemic proportions of running-related injuries, yet they continue to deceive the public into thinking that their designs are based on sound biomechanical principals. I've been transitioning to barefoot running over the past several months, and though I didn't need it, this book provides compelling evidence of the advantages of running unshod.    McDougall shows us that humans have evolved to run amazing distances, and running can also be an integral part of our spiritual  growth. He asks, \\"Do we run to become better people, or do we become better people because we run?\\" My answer is \\"yes\\".    A humorous, touching, and inspiring story of a group of gringo oddballs and a tribe of benevolent Indians weaves through the book as running is discussed on both scientific and philosophical levels.     \\"Born to Run\\" is just fantastic, I couldn't put it down, and I encourage everyone to give barefoot running a try.
B0017VG69U|5.0|I thought the memories of the show would continue to suffice, as they had for more than 25 years, but when I came across this collection for less than fifty bucks I thought I'd give it a try. After all, this show certainly qualifies as a classic, if only for its impact on popular culture.    I am extremely pleased to see how well the show withstands the test of time. Many of the scripts are excellent, and thankfully devoid of pseudo-scientific nonsense... when the scenario demands the use of some made-up device or concept, it usually uses pretty vague terms that keep the script from sounding dated. The interaction between the main characters is still as funny as in the late 60s.    My only reservation concerns the revamped special effects in many scenes. I understand that given the many releases of this series on VHS and DVD, it probably makes sense to add something to invite customers back in. I'm not sure that the new CGI imagery adds anything to the show, however... in fact, I'd argue that it takes something away from it. I don't find super-sharp and brightly colored computer-generated images any more convincing than the old model-kit shot against a black background images. Both look fake, but the old images at least looked fake for a good reason; besides, the current transition between scenes with backgrounds made of plywood and styrofoam and scenes generated in a computer is a little jarring.     The bonus material is also pretty good, and certainly qualifies as \\"bonus\\" instead of as \\"filler\\". For example, in addition of the classic episode \\"the trouble with tribbles\\", this set includes its sequels from the Trek animated series and from the Deep Space Nine series. A very good move indeed!
B001V7YWTQ|5.0|Two former band mates reunite for a series of concerts performed last winter at Madison Square Garden.  I did not have a chance to see these two rock legends perform, but I would have loved to.  My favorite track is \\"Presence Of The Lord\\".  This is a spiritual rock song that Steve and Eric sing together.  Another highlight is Steve's rendition of \\"Georgia on My Mind\\". His vocals are very moving, and he really shows  his skill on the piano.  I also enjoy Steve's vocals on \\"Pearly Queen\\" with Clapton backing him on guitar.  Both men are talented guitarists, and their talents are on display here.  I love Clapton's guitar playing on \\"Them Changes\\".  Winwood is equally impressive on the guitar performing \\"Dear Fantasy Man\\" and \\"Can't Find My Way Back Home\\".  Clapton sings his classic hits \\"Around Midnight\\" and \\"Forever Man\\".  \\"Cocaine\\" is probably the grooviest rock song I've ever heard about an illegal drug.  This is excellent classic rock.
B00110K62U|4.0|When I ordered the DVD I thought it was the play but instead it's a command performance of the actors singing the songs in order of the musical tho it was not what I was expecting I enjoyed it
0765348276|4.0|I first discovered Robert Heinlein as a young teenager, which was great.  Someone said the Golden Age of Science Fiction is about fourteen.  I read all the \\"juveniles,\\" including Space Cadet, Tunnel In the Sky, and Citizen of the Galaxy.  When I was older I devoured Stranger in a Strange Land, Double Star, Farnham's Freehold, and Starship Troopers.  This book takes me back to the pleasure I felt then, in discovering a new tome from the old master.  Only it's really better, because the didactic dialogs are kept to a minimum, the misogyny is largely missing, and there is a fully satisfying ending, instead of the sudden ends when Heinlein seemed suddenly to run out of steam.  This book made me laugh out loud several times, and (unlike much of Heinlein) the characters were developed such that I really cared what happened to them.  I enjoyed in particular: (1) John Perry's move from his old body to his new body, (2) the naming of the Brain Pal, (3) the opening monologue of drill instructor Ruiz, (4) Perry's first meal with the Special Forces, and (5) the curious greeting of the Consu Ambassador and Perry the Honored One.     This is not Great Literature.  It is one hell of a good read. It is a modern take on Heinlein (whose books I still reread from time to time), less depressing than Joe Haldeman, and quite a lot of fun.  Try it.  You'll like it.      If you like this, check out the earlier Heinlein (the old man became a little sex crazed later on), Joe Haldeman on a sunny day, David Gerrold's books about the war against the Chtorr, Panshin's Rite of Passage, and the Larry Niven/Jerry Pournelle novels.
B00009MGGI|5.0|Cunning thy name is Francis Urquhart.  Starting in House of Cards and going though Final Cut a portrait is presented of a man who is probably one of the most driven politicians in fictional history.       Urquhart is morally repulsive, manipulative and sometimes downright mean but his trials and tribulations are a treat to watch even if admittedly the ultimate resolution is somewhat unconvincing.        Overall-Sometimes you like to root for the bad guy and most of the time you feel just downright sorry for the opposition.
3257060653|5.0|I think this book awakes really strong emotions, not only for the episodes it recalls but also for its very  concise language, that expresses  in a few words very intense feelings directly to the reader. I would also recommend the film that was made after the book (The Reader).
0399247459|5.0|My daughter enjoys sticking her fingers in the caterpillar holes. Colorful and easy to turn pages. Just as I remember it...
B00127RAJY|1.0|I had heard some good things about this video and that's why I bought it. I was very disapponted for the following reasons. Jillian does a lot of tough talking that becomes annoying to listen to after the third workout. She is not friendly and is certainly not someone I would look forward to spending 30 minutes with every day. I also don't recommend this video to anyone over 40 or who has had children. A good portion of her aerobic section consists of Jumping Jacks for which she offers no alternative. The routine is both shin-splitting and pant-wetting.  yuk!
B000OYC7A8|4.0|While this performance is top-notch and spit polished like the most beautiful pair of shoes you've ever seen, this lavish production lacks the one ingredient that maketh a great rock concert. It has no spontaneity to it at all. You can tell that Gilmour's band is so well-rehearsed with each and every tune that you would be hard pressed to hear one bum note throughout the entire performance. But what matters here, is less the expertness and polished production, more the spontaneity and impromptu performance by a band which distinguishes itself from other bands. This concert is superlatively performed. But it lacks soul. Gilmour plays with passion but everything is so rehearsed that I wonder how much soul he's really generating when he knows exactly what note he's going to play at each and every moment!<br /><br />Overall, a great production. But it lacks spontaneity and dare I say it, the music, while melodious and sublime, could also put one to sleep with its lack of spontaneity.  It's just too well-rehearsed. And that my friends, is a valid criticism.
1416914307|5.0|The final in the Mortal Instruments series, City of Glass is a beautifully written adventure twisting through the topics of love, family and self-understanding. The tenderness in the emotions and passion in battle only lends further quality to Cassandra Clare's work.   I found my heart-wrenched and and lifted and spun around all the way through the story and, I have to say, am still nursing a major crush on Jace and admiration for Clary. But above all I finished this book with an overwhelming desire to perminantly share their world and adventures.  Excellent Product, top buy :)
B001MS7IBS|5.0|Avoid what the trolls that hate Fox and miss X-Files are saying. It's a great show!
0307341569|3.0|So this book is about a bloody massacre that takes place in the early eighties on a small farm. The mother is killed, as well as two of her young daughters. The only survivors are the troubled teenage son, Ben, and his 7-year-old sister, Libby (dad is not involved much with the family and isn't around when this happens). Ben is sent to prison as the murderer of his own family, with some thanks to Libby, who testifies that she saw him commit the crimes. Fast-forward 25 years, Libby is a bitter, dark, and depressed woman who lives alone with her cat and has no friends. She has been living off of donations made by many people over the years who felt bad for poor \\"baby Day.\\" She gets a call from the man who handles her finances--it turns out she's running out of money. Shortly after, Libby receives a letter from a man who wants to meet her--he is part of a Kill Club, a group of people interested in different famous murders. There are many people that have followed this case and the aftermath for the past 25 years (some of whom even visit Ben in prison, where is still is after 25 years) and want to ask Libby some questions... and perhaps get her to see that it couldn't have been Ben who committed the murders... Libby only agrees to this if they will pay her... I don't want to tell too much more. The book switches back and forth from today to the events leading up to that fateful night. Throughout this the reader will try to piece together the clues. Did Ben do it? If he didn't, then who did? The book is definitely named correctly--it is a very dark read.   I give it 3.5 stars (or 3 since I can't give 3.5 on Amazon) since it was a little slow at first. It took a good 90-100 pages before I could really get into it. I also gave it a lower score due to just how dark it is at times. It was a little much for me at times, but still worth a read. Some people may enjoy that darkness more than I did.
1573223085|4.0|For all too long unconventional thinkers were disregarded [if not shunned] by the intellectual in-crowd, but as the world environment shifts the event horizon for the lunatic fringe approaches.  This book outlines and reaffirms all of the cubical abstraction minds and gives us something for which to look forward.  Reading this book is a \\"right brainer\\" - I enjoyed it very much!  ~ perry berryhill
B0028MBKVG|5.0|All I know is I couldn't put this book down.  Its a great read.  And I can't wait to go running with a whole new perspective.  Its both a page turner from the story standpoint, and very fascinating perspective on the business and science of running.
B000000H57|5.0|Type O Negative is one of those bands that is known to a select group of metal fans, yet deserves the status of such bands as Tool and Slipknot. Peter Steele is a genius, and if you do not agree with that statement, listen to October Rust. If you are skeptical, listen to Bloody Kisses. If you are still skeptical, I'm sorry but you do not understand what quantifiable, substantive art is.     TON has the ability to capture emotions and put them on display for your listening pleasure as no band can. They are unique. They are absolutely original. And if you disagree, you have lost already. Because NO band sounds like TON.     However, this review is for October Rust. Lets make it clear: This album is one of the GREATEST METAL ALBUMS EVER MADE. The album as a whole brings out the darkness, despair, anger, hope, and ecstasy, that we as human beings experience. If you look at life through a pair of rosy glasses, this album might not be for you. If you revel in the deeper emotions in life, this album is definitely for you. You must purchase it at once.
0385340575|4.0|Title: Gone Tomorrow  Author: Lee Child  Publisher: Bantam Dell  Publication Date: 19 May, 2009  ISBN: 978-0-385-34057-1  Reviewer: Lee Carper    Lee Child's latest novel, GONE TOMORROW, starts off with a bang   -literally- and doesn't let go.  Boarding subway car 7622 at two o'clock in the morning, Reacher, an ex-military cop who forever remains vigilant to his surroundings, memorized the Israeli counterintelligence spot-list twenty years ago and to this day cannot forget the behavioral indicators. A woman sitting on the train catches his attention. Reacher's mind whirrs, taking him through that check-list. One by one she meets the criteria. Eleven points out of eleven.    Suicide bomber.    Reacher quickly makes a decision that sets off a string of events with deadly consequences. As usual, he finds himself wrapped in a quagmire with many players, not the least of which involves various departments of the government.    I admit I don't normally tend to enjoy thrillers with too many details, but I make the exception for Lee Child's novels. For me, the details make Reacher come alive. In GONE TOMORROW, the author takes us for another wild ride, and this book is highly recommended.
B001S86J5S|4.0|Considered by many sports fans as \\"the greatest baseball\\" film that captures the excitement of America's past time, the 1989 sports comedy film \\"Major League\\" brought in over $50 million during its theatrical run.<br /><br />The film which was written and directed by David S. Ward (writer for \\"The Sting\\" and \\"Sleepless in Seattle\\")  was known for jumpstarting the careers of Wesley Snipes (\\"Blade\\", \\"U.S. Marshalls\\", etc.), Dennis Haybert (\\"24', \\"The Unit\\", etc.) and Rene Russo (\\"Lethal Weapn 3 and 4', \\"Get Shorty\\", etc.) but also trying to capture the realism of underdogs sports teams and even Charlie Sheen (who was a former high school baseball pitcher), an actor throwing actual pitches.  And possibly breathing new life into the Cleveland Indians baseball team (which did very well during 1990's) and giving significance to the number #99 and also athletes utilizing the song \\"Wild Thing\\" as their theme song.<br /><br />\\"Major League\\" is the ultimate sports film featuring a group of underdogs not expected do accomplish anything but in the process, becoming a team that has a chance of making it to the playoffs.<br /><br />VIDEO & AUDIO:<br /><br />\\"MAJOR LEAGUE\\" is featured in 1080p High Definition.  And is actually a very clean and vibrant transfer thanks to the fact that the film was remastered several years ago.<br /><br />For a film that is 20-years-old, you realize how beautiful the actual picture quality is as colors pop, blacks are well done and although evident, minimal specks of dirt.  Of course, as many films created back in the late 80's and mid 90's tend to have a softness to it, \\"Major League\\" also has that soft feel.  But the amount of sharpness and color vibrancy makes this release much, much better than the 2007 \\"Wild Thing Edition\\" DVD release.<br /><br />As for audio quality, audio is presented in English 5.1 Dolby TrueHD (also French and Spanish Mono).  The film is primarily a dialogue-driven film and only until you get to the last half hour of the film, where the stadium is finally packed with people and Vaughn getting his \\"Wild Thing\\" introduction, do you finally see the sound being kicked up a notch.<br /><br />Audio is front channel heavy, with some subwoofer usage during X's \\"Wild Thing\\" theme (even more pronounced on the menu selection).  Rear surrounds featured a little stadium ambiance but nothing significant in terms of audio direction but overall, you hear things quite clearly.<br /><br />Subtitles are featured in English, English SDH, French, Spanish and Portuguese.<br /><br />SPECIAL FEATURES:<br /><br />The \\"Major League: WILD THING EDITION\\" Blu-ray Disc release comes with everything that was included on the 2007 DVD and all are in Standard Definition.  Included are:<br /><br />  * Commentary: Commentary by Writer/Director David S. Ward and producer Chris Chesser - The commentary for \\"Major League\\" was quite interesting.  Especially how David S. Ward wanted to reshoot scenes, for example, Wesley Snipes final scene and by the time he was done, he was black and blue from sliding a lot.  Also, Ward and Chesser discussing the crowd scenes especially in the championship game, shooting long hours to the early morning (which Russo cried because she was forgetting her lines because it was so late) and how CG wasn't used at all, especially during Charlie Sheen's pitching and more.  Discussion of how the ending had to be reshot because it didn't test as well in front of the audience.  So ,they had to travel to London to have Margaret Whitton reshoot her scenes as Rachel Phelps.  Also, how both men were almost speechless because they were enjoying the film.  Overall, an informative and fun commentary.<br />  * My Kinda Team Making Major League - (23:10) Interviews with the Director, Producer and cast of \\"Major League\\".  How the film continues to stay strong and how David S. Ward is a true baseball fan and how he modeled certain characters from a combination of a few baseball players and working with LA DodgersSteve Yeager who put the cast through a 2 week baseball boot camp and more.<br />  * A Major League Look at Major League - (14:27) Interview with several Cleveland Indians baseball players and staff who discuss similarities or differences from the characters of \\"Major League\\" and people who actually play in the big leagues.  Especially how one minor leaguer watches the film each day he is supposed to start pitching.<br />  * Bob Uecker: Just A Bit Outside - (12:43) A look at Bob Uecker the baseball player, the baseball announcer and being on the film.  Featuring cast of \\"Major League\\", Cleveland Indians players and staff and interviews with Bob Uecker.<br />  * Alternate Ending with Filmmaker Introduction - (4:18) In the original screenplay and for the film, it was supposed to be revealed that the owner Rachel Phelps planned it all along and that she had to use the baseball players that they had because the team had no money.  But because it was tested badly among fans who despised her character, they had to reshoot the whole scene with her character.<br />  * A Tour of Cerrano's Locker - (1:35) A short segment with the character of Pedro Cerrano showcasing his vodoo shrine in his locker.<br />  * Photo Gallery - Still photos from the film.<br /><br />JUDGMENT CALL:<br /><br />\\"Major League\\" still manages to have the enthusiasm as it did back in 1989 with sports fans in 2009.  Many baseball players and even athletes talk about the film and how it ranks as one of their top sports films of all time and whenever its on television, they have to watch it.<br /><br />It's an enjoyable film but it all comes down to what your preference is for a baseball film.  Are you looking for inspirational and serious films such as \\"Field of Dreams\\" or do you want a sports comedy film such as \\"Major League\\".  It's also an honest film that even professional baseball players and staff have said it has its relevance because many elements from the film actually happen in real life.  From veterans assisting rookies, players having their daily rituals before a game, relievers in their own element and the feeling of sadness and excitement for a fan of one's baseball team.<br /><br />Obviously, not all audiences enjoy sports films but for those who do, \\"Major League\\" definitely is quite fun and entertaining with its team of interesting to unusual characters but most of all, watching a group of people rising to the occasion as a team and most of all kicking some butt!<br /><br />\\"Major League: WILD THING EDITION\\" is worth checking out!ajor League Look at Major League - (14:27) Interview with several Cleveland Indians baseball players and staff who discuss similarities or differences from the characters of \\"Major League\\" and people who actually play in the big leagues.  Especially how one minor leaguer watches the film each day he is supposed to start pitching.      * Bob Uecker: Just A Bit Outside - (12:43) A look at Bob Uecker the baseball player, the baseball announcer and being on the film.  Featuring cast of \\"Major League\\", Cleveland Indians players and staff and interviews with Bob Uecker.      * Alternate Ending with Filmmaker Introduction - (4:18) In the original screenplay and for the film, it was supposed to be revealed that the owner Rachel Phelps planned it all along and that she had to use the baseball players that they had because the team had no money.  But because it was tested badly among fans who despised her character, they had to reshoot the whole scene with her character.      * A Tour of Cerrano's Locker - (1:35) A short segment with the character of Pedro Cerrano showcasing his vodoo shrine in his locker.      * Photo Gallery - Still photos from the film.    JUDGMENT CALL:    \\"Major League\\" still manages to have the enthusiasm as it did back in 1989 with sports fans in 2009.  Many baseball players and even athletes talk about the film and how it ranks as one of their top sports films of all time and whenever its on television, they have to watch it.    It's an enjoyable film but it all comes down to what your preference is for a baseball film.  Are you looking for inspirational and serious films such as \\"Field of Dreams\\" or do you want a sports comedy film such as \\"Major League\\".  It's also an honest film that even professional baseball players and staff have said it has its relevance because many elements from the film actually happen in real life.   From veterans assisting rookies, players having their daily rituals before a game, relievers in their own element and the feeling of sadness and excitement for a fan of one's baseball team.    Obviously, not all audiences enjoy sports films but for those who do, \\"Major League\\" definitely is quite fun and entertaining with its team of interesting to unusual characters but most of all, watching a group of people rising to the occasion as a team and most of all kicking some butt!    \\"Major League: WILD THING EDITION\\" is worth checking out!
B0002858YS|5.0|This album is great for on the road, and or casual listening in the house.  Great 80's sound!  It's a well rounded sound of emotion, life situations, and just great feeling songs.  I recomend to anyone who enjoys a nice comfortable blend of Rock, pop.
B001U0HAZM|5.0|In 2004, writer Scott Kosar (\\"The Texas Chainsaw Massacre\\" (2003) and \\"The Amityville Horror\\" (2005) wrote a script titled \\"The Machinist\\". Director Brad Anderson (writer of \\"Transsiberian\\" and directed \\"Session 9' and \\"Happy Accidents\\") enjoyed Kosar's dark storyline so much but unfortunately, no American film studio was interested in picking the film up.<br /><br />Fortunately, the film was picked up by Fantastic Factory of Filmax and Castelao Productions in Spain and the film known as \\"El Maquinista\\" was released and won multiple \\"Best Film\\" awards.  The film although seems to take place in America was all shot in Barcelona, Spain and Director Brad Anderson who suffered a back injury during filming, directed the film while lying on a gurney.<br /><br />\\"THE MACHINIST\\" would eventually gain momentum in the US and received rave reviews due to its dark storyline but most of all, the performance by Christian Bale who literally starved himself for four months going from 182 pounds down to 120 pounds.<br /><br />VIDEO & AUDIO:<br /><br />\\"THE MACHINIST\\" gets its High Definition treatment via 1080p on Blu-ray.  The film showcases the world of Trevor Reznick in a dark, muted pallete and showcasing a brooding, dark monochromatic life that he is living.  This is quite important because we know that there is something odd with Reznick and it was important to showcase the film without its vibrant colors.  In fact, you'll feel that you watching a film that is focused on more of the blacks, the grays and the darker side of the color spectrum.<br /><br />As for picture quality, you do see a bit of spots and speckles on some parts of the film but you will also notice that the transfer to HD also brings out the grain.  Overall, this is probably one of the few films where vibrancy of colors is not what I wanted to see.  And the depressing shades of darkness is what is more pronounced.<br /><br />As for audio, The film is featured in English 5.1 Dolby TrueHD (Also, French and Spanish 5.1) the majority of the film is all dialogue based.  Front channel, clear and understandable.  The musical score by Roque Banos definitely highlights the eeriness of certain scenes of the film.  There are some scenes where you do notice sound effects especially during the scenes shot at the amusement park and then at a scene that displayed thunder.<br /><br />Subtitles are presented in English, English SDH, Spanish and Portuguese.<br /><br />SPECIAL FEATURES:<br /><br />\\"THE MACHINIST\\" comes with the following extras:<br /><br />  * Commentary: Audio Commentary by Director Brad Anderson - A very informative commentary by Brad Anderson as he goes into what he wanted to accomplish with the film, shooting in Barcelona, talking about the various talens and really dissecting the certain scenes.  In fact, he's a brutally honest director that is not afraid to pick apart his film not for the positive but also some of the negative.  Overall, informative.<br />  * Manifesting the Machinist - (23:00) This featurette is exclusive to the Blu-ray release and is in HD.  We learn more about the narrative of the film, the performance by the cast including interviews with cast and crew and more!<br />  * The Machinist: Hiding in Plain Sight - (13:58) This featurette is exclusive to the Blu-ray release is in HD and features the major twist of the film and how they wanted to put enough twists that would fool the audience.<br />  * The Machinist: Breaking The Rules - (25:19) This featurette from the original DVD release features interviews with writer Scott Kosar, Director Brad Anderson and the cast.  We learn about how the film came about, shooting in Spain and making people think it's America and a lot of informative information of the behind-the-scenes making of the film.<br />  * Deleted Scenes - (12:05)  The following are eight deleted scenes.  These are actually solid scenes that could have changed the emotional impact of the film.  The deleted scenes are in standard definition.<br />  * 1) Trevor Visits Mysterious Grave<br />  * 2) Alternate Intersection Crosscut with Burning Paper<br />  * 3) Pensive Trevor (Alternate Transition to Airport)<br />  * 4) Stevie's Mysterious \\"John\\"<br />  * 5) Alternate Chase Ending Revealing Chimneys<br />  * 6) Trevor Tries To Skip Town<br />  * 7) Trevor Confronts Mother at Cemetery<br />  * 8) Alternative Version of Holding Cell<br />  * Theatrical Trailer - (2:32) The original theatrical trailer in standard definition.<br /><br />JUDGMENT CALL:<br /><br />\\"THE MACHINIST\\" is one of those films that you can look at it as quite a unique story.  The film is a psychological thriller that has you on the edge of your seat at times, especially when you start to explore the psyche of Trevor Reznick and the dark and dreary world that he lives in.  But what made this film believable was Christian Bale and what he put himself through to making his character seem real and odd.<br /><br />Before the Batman films and \\"Terminator Salvation\\", we have always learned about how intense an actor, how dedicated Christian Bale was to character role.  There are not many films that have featured an actor losing weight (the last major film which an actor had to gain and lose a lot of weight was \\"CAST AWAY\\" starring Tom Hanks) but for Bale to lose so much and look quite skeletal was shocking.<br /><br />Having gone down to 120 pounds from 160+ pounds in four months is shocking and the pain and inconvenience he put himself to achieve the look for this role and still wanting to go down to 100 pounds is just amazing (and gaining it back with muscle for the following year with \\"Batman Begins\\").  And also a big applause to the make up crew who made Bale's character so eery with its dark shade around the eyes, knot on his forehead and blood scars throughout his face.<br /><br />As for the Blu-ray release, although this is not a film that you want to show off for its picture and audio quality, the solid commentary and even for its few Blu-ray special features definitely make this Blu-ray release worth owning.  If you owned the previous DVD release and enjoy the film, I can definitely recommend going for the double dip.<br /><br />Overall, this is quite an intense psychological thriller that fans of films by Alfred Hitchcock can probably give a nod to.  It's cleverly written and the challenges that the cast and crew had to go through (especially trying to make Barcelona, Spain look like a town in the US) to make this film possible was well-done.  It may be a bit dark and eery for some but it was a film that definitely caught me by surprise at the end.<br /><br />\\"THE MACHINIST\\" is definitely recommended.osscut with Burning Paper        * 3) Pensive Trevor (Alternate Transition to Airport)        * 4) Stevie's Mysterious \\"John\\"        * 5) Alternate Chase Ending Revealing Chimneys        * 6) Trevor Tries To Skip Town        * 7) Trevor Confronts Mother at Cemetery        * 8) Alternative Version of Holding Cell      * Theatrical Trailer - (2:32) The original theatrical trailer in standard definition.    JUDGMENT CALL:    \\"THE MACHINIST\\" is one of those films that you can look at it as quite a unique story.  The film is a psychological thriller that has you on the edge of your seat at times, especially when you start to explore the psyche of Trevor Reznick and the dark and dreary world that he lives in.  But what made this film believable was Christian Bale and what he put himself through to making his character seem real and odd.    Before the Batman films and \\"Terminator Salvation\\", we have always learned about how intense an actor, how dedicated Christian Bale was to character role.     There are not many films that have featured an actor losing weight (the last major film which an actor had to gain and lose a lot of weight was \\"CAST AWAY\\" starring Tom Hanks) but for Bale to lose so much and look quite skeletal was shocking.    Having gone down to 120 pounds from 160+ pounds in four months is shocking and the pain and inconvenience he put himself to achieve the look for this role and still wanting to go down to 100 pounds is just amazing (and gaining it back with muscle for the following year with \\"Batman Begins\\").  And also a big applause to the make up crew who made Bale's character so eery with its dark shade around the eyes, knot on his forehead and blood scars throughout his face.    As for the Blu-ray release, although this is not a film that you want to show off for its picture and audio quality, the solid commentary and even for its few Blu-ray special features definitely make this Blu-ray release worth owning.  If you owned the previous DVD release and enjoy the film, I can definitely recommend going for the double dip.    Overall, this is quite an intense psychological thriller that fans of films by Alfred Hitchcock can probably give a nod to.  It's cleverly written and the challenges that the cast and crew had to go through (especially trying to make Barcelona, Spain look like a town in the US) to make this film possible was well-done.   It may be a bit dark and eery for some but it was a film that definitely caught me by surprise at the end.    \\"THE MACHINIST\\" is definitely recommended.
B0001WGDXA|5.0|I just had to weigh in on this set - several weeks after I acquired it - because of a recent listening to the Third Symphony over the radio. I had only once played the discs I purchased and did not know which recording was being used on air. And from the start, its sublime beauty had me wishing for a copy if I didn't already have it. To my financial relief, a check of the station's playlist the next morning revealed the Bernstein/VPO! I've since replayed 2 and 3, so I confine my comments to them. At just under 42 minutes, the Third SHOULD be considered too long, and ditto the Second at over 48 minutes - but neither is the case under Lenny's baton. The warmth and spaciousness of both middle symphonies are given full expression in this \\"autumnal\\" presentation. They simply feel as wonderful as they sound, and could have even been longer!
B001U0HAYS|5.0|In Nov. 1975, \\"Three Days of the Condor\\", a suspenseful conspiracy thriller based on the novel by James Grady (titled \\"Six Days of the Condor) was adapted to film and directed by Sydney Pollack (\\"Sabrina\\" (1995), \\"The Firm\\", \\"The Way We Were\\") and a screenplay by Lorenzo Semple Jr. (\\"King Kong\\", \\"Flash Gordon\\", \\"Sheena\\", etc.) and David Rayfiel was released in theaters.<br /><br />The film which received positive reviews by critics was nominated for a 1976 Academy Award for \\"Film Editing\\" and also a winner of multiple awards.<br /><br />VIDEO & AUDIO:<br /><br />\\"3 DAYS OF THE CONDOR\\" is a 1975 film that is featured for the first time in 1080p High Definition on Blu-ray.  Because the film was created in 1975, the film quality does show a bit of age but the transfer is actually better in picture quality that some 1990's and early-2000 films that I have seen on High Definition.<br /><br />The film does showcase a few dust but there are a number of dark scenes and a few compression artifacts were detect but again, for a film over 34-years old, the colors were strong, blacks were good and overall, a very good transfer of the film to Blu-ray.<br /><br />As for audio, the film is featured in English 5.1 Dolby TrueHD (and also French Mono).  Truth be told, this is a front channel, dialogue driven film.  If there was use of any bass, it's that old 70's bass picking style that was popular at the time that utilizes the bass.  As for the action sequences, the gunshots and everything else seems quite bland but I was not expecting thrilling audio directionals to come from all speaker channels with this film, so I found the audio satisfactory for a film this old.<br /><br />Subtitles are featured in English, English SDH, French and Spanish.<br /><br />SPECIAL FEATURES:<br /><br />\\"3 DAYS OF THE CONDOR\\" has only one special feature and that is the original theatrical trailer with scratches and dust galore.  The trailer is in HD but it would have been nice to have someone do a commentary or revisit this film especially how relevant it is in today's modern world.<br /><br />JUDGMENT CALL:<br /><br />\\"3 DAYS OF THE CONDOR\\" is a very good conspiracy thriller.  What is quite shocking about this film which was released in 1975 is how it actually predicts the government's involvement in future affairs.  I don't want to go into too much into the film without spoiling it but I will say that what Turner is able to find out, it's what's happening in today's modern world, especially with the United States.<br /><br />What is also a bit numbing to see is the few shots of the Twin Towers and the film featuring the two buildings not long after they were built.<br /><br />Robert Redford's performance was fine but there were some lines that almost echoed a John Wayne style of acting which was acceptable around that time but for today's modern viewers, it may not hold up.<br /><br />Stars that did shine in this film were Faye Dunaway, who did a great job playing the role of Kathy Hale.  As a captive hostage turned woman who is willing to aid her abductor, this was a film that seems to utilize \\"Stockholm Syndrome\\" and not surprising considering that the Patty Hearst-SLA bank robberies in real life happened in 1974 or perhaps its a woman who agrees to help Joe Turner because both share a side of sadness and loneliness in their life.<br /><br />Max von Sydow as the assassin Joubert is also quite effective in his role, especially during the big reveal near the end of the film.<br /><br />In reviewing this Blu-ray release, although a few artifacts and dust are seen on the video quality, this is probably the best transfer we will get of the film.  The audio quality is uninspiring but considering this is not a modern film which we come to expect full utilization of audio channels, \\"3 DAYS OF THE CONDOR\\" is quite clear in dialogue and for a 1975 film, taking all things into consideration, this is a pretty good transfer on Blu-ray ala HD.<br /><br />My main peeve withthis Blu-ray release is that a film with so much relevance for today's modern world, it would have been wonderful to have interviews with the stars or having some sort of special feature included other than the trailer.<br /><br />The film is a well-written, well-edited and captivating thriller with a storyline that I don't know if Sydney Pollack or even novel writer James Grady knew how relevant it would be over 30 years later.<br /><br />Overall, \\"3 DAYS OF THE CONDOR\\" is definitely an action-thriller classic definitely worth recommending!rviews with the stars or having some sort of special feature included other than the trailer.    The film is a well-written, well-edited and captivating thriller with a storyline that I don't know if Sydney Pollack or even novel writer James Grady knew how relevant it would be over 30 years later.    Overall, \\"3 DAYS OF THE CONDOR\\" is definitely an action-thriller classic definitely worth recommending!
1416550534|4.0|Grace is ninety-eight years old when a film producer approaches her.  It seems that a film based on the Hartford sisters, Hannah and Emmeline, is in the works.  She is a consultant of sorts, visiting the sets and the old Riverton house.  However, she does not shine a new light for Ursula (film producer).  She thinks that Robbie Hunter, poet and veteran of the Great War, killed himself.  Both sisters witnessed the crime.  It is believed that Emmeline, party girl turned silent film star, was Robbie's sweetheart and that her older sister Hannah, married at the time, was in love with him.  Was it really suicide or a crime of passion?  But only Grace knows what happened on that fateful summer night in 1924 and, out of guilt and love for the Hartford sister, especially Hannah, whom she had worked for as her lady's maid, she will take it to the grave.  Or, at least, she won't let the truth come out in a Hollywood film.<br /><br />\\"Last November I had a nightmare.  It was 1924 and I was at Riverton again.  All the doors hung wide open, silk billowing in the summer breeze.  An orchestra perched high on the hill beneath the ancient maple, violins lilting lazily in the warmth.  The air rang with pealing laughter and crystal, and the sky was the kind of blue we'd all thought the war had destroyed forever...\\"<br /><br />Sound familiar?  If the opening paragraph of The House at Riverton reminds you of the opening paragraph in Rebecca by Daphne du Maurier, then you're not alone.  In fact, that is the reason why I decided to read this book.  It is a book about the past, about ghosts of guilt and torture lingering in the present, about a beautiful English estate and a family with dark secrets.  The language is eerie, gothic, and full of romantic suspense.  How could I resist?  Well, the novel does kind of remind me of Rebecca, but the story within a story aspect sounded like another novel, The Thirteenth Tale by Diane Setterfield.  But in spite of the aforementioned similarities, The House at Riverton has a charm of its own.  It is impossible to put down.  The historical aspect, especially the ones centered on the First World War, is spot on and well written.  The story is riveting; it keeps you turning the pages until its haunting conclusion.  The narrative is a little disjointed at times though.  The author switches from past tense to present tense even when she is narrating at the present time, which confused me.  Also, certain characters are underdeveloped -- only Hannah, Grace, Alfred and Robbie have real depth.  Robbie is the proverbial tortured writer and he should've been in the story more.  The author does tie all loose ends by the end of the book, so you're not left feeling like there's something missing.  All in all, I very much enjoyed this book.  Kate Morton is a great author.  I've already picked up The Forgotten Garden and I look forward to giving it a whirl soon.e House at Riverton has a charm of its own.  It is impossible to put down.  The historical aspect, especially the ones centered on the First World War, is spot on and well written.  The story is riveting; it keeps you turning the pages until its haunting conclusion.  The narrative is a little disjointed at times though.  The author switches from past tense to present tense even when she is narrating at the present time, which confused me.  Also, certain characters are underdeveloped -- only Hannah, Grace, Alfred and Robbie have real depth.  Robbie is the proverbial tortured writer and he should've been in the story more.  The author does tie all loose ends by the end of the book, so you're not left feeling like there's something missing.  All in all, I very much enjoyed this book.  Kate Morton is a great author.  I've already picked up The Forgotten Garden and I look forward to giving it a whirl soon.
B0002XH9Z4|4.0|This is the second set I ordered because I had to return the first. The #5 disc would not play. The CD player in my car kept spitting it back out each time I put it back in. The other 4 play fine. I exchanged it for this new set, AND THE SAME THING HAPPENS. THE #5 DISC WILL NOT STAY IN THE PLAYER SO OF COURSE IT WON'T PLAY.  So far, I have not been able to get Amazon to cooperate with me about getting just a new #5 disc. They offered a refund, but how does that solve the problem? I WANT TO KEEP IT!!  It is more expensive elsewhere.  There may be a bad lot of sets with this problem, so be aware.
B001R4MEYI|5.0|I can not say enough good things about this release by Mastodon . It is the perfect combination of modern metal & progressive music . Easily the best release by Mastodon up until now .
B001SO69IY|5.0|real hip hop is back... beats the original blackout, not all about blazing. im very happy i purchased this. definetly recommened to true hip hop heads.even keith murray comes back on a track. HOTTT
B001DE29SS|4.0|a sad, funny, fun movie. beautiful touching music. downey made a great chaplin. wish there were more features. deleted scenes, downey intv., etc.
015206057X|5.0|A celebration of newborns! Delightful illustrations of newborn babies and a rhythmic text remind the reader that each of us is magical and each of us is special to someone when we are born.  Not only that, this book reminds us that we are all alike and we are all different; when we are born and throughout our lives.  This is a perfect text to wind down with for children from birth to three years.
B0009K7QZ8|5.0|Season 2 of the OC is as incredible as the first. This is a show about teenage life in Newport Beach Calafornia. There are many moments when you forget the characters are in high school due to mature content. However, the series is captivating and addictive.
0312427999|5.0|This is one of the most shocking books I've ever read.  It has opened my eyes to the corruption of government, and the propaganda that paints pure capitalism as a false god. Unfortunately, it has also shown me that the USA isn't the \\"good guys\\" we portray ourselves to be, but a bunch of greedy multinationals. I've long known that every war since the dawn of time has been started for greed; more land, more people, more religious converts, more money, more resources, more power, etc. However, I didn't know quite how ingrained it was, how tightly knit politics and economics really are. Everything one does affects the other. Now everything I see, read, and hear take on more meaning, and I understand more because I can read into the reality of it all, instead of just getting what's on the surface. I sometimes miss my blissful ignorance, but I truly am thankful for this book arming me with awareness. Well, this and other books, movies, and documentaries.  Trust me, you want this book.
B0014YVCDK|5.0|So much better than you remember. I guess Binaural got lost among all the electronica albums that were ruling the airwaves at the time.  Maybe it just got lost in that sea of other great records. I liked this album when it was out but I don't remember it being THIS good.
B001IBIQU6|5.0|To me Depeche Mode is that special band that puts alot of heart, time and creativity into every album. Every single DM album is carefully thought out and different than its predecessor - whether you like the music or not, you have to give them high marks for their effort every time... Their latest album is to me their greatest feat as artists. To use old analog synthesizers combined with today's technology to create a mood that is modern, futuristic and retrospective all at the same time is a remarkable accomplishment! I cannot think of another album out there by anybody that comes close to doing what DM did here... but for fans still waiting for another Violator album then just keep listening to Violator... DM doesn't like to repeat themselves, thank God!
B000UJ48O0|5.0|Recieved quick. Disk were in great condition. Case was in almost perfect condition as well. I loved it!!!!
B001AQO3WY|5.0|I read Evan Wright's book back in 2004 and more recently Nathaniel Fick's \\"One Bullet Away,\\" which covers the same ground from another angle, and am amazed at how well this film captures the images those books created in my head. Everybody deserves a lot of credit here: Wright, for so vividly describing the characters, action, and scenery of that chaotic thrust into Iraq, and the filmmakers for faithfully reproducing his narrative. This is right up there with, or maybe even better than, everyone's favorite HBO production, \\"The Sopranos.\\" If you're a war film buff, or student of history, or just want more insight into what it was like to charge into Iraq at the \\"tip of the spear,\\" you can't go wrong here. As icing on the cake, you even have an actual Marine from Fick's platoon, Sgt. Rudy Reyes, starring as himself. Right on, Fruity Rudy! :-) I think most readers of the book will also get a kick out of the personalities of Cpl. Josh Ray Person and Sgt. Anthony Espera, which are very faithful to Wright's description. Cpl. Person's running monologue is a riot.<br /><br />Interesting thing about this film: There is no music soundtrack, except at the end (killer use of Johnny Cash) and when the Marines amuse themselves singing various pop hits as they ramble through the Iraqi countryside. Also, the special commentary is well worth checking out. There is extra information about some of the officers that the film was not able to include. For example, if you didn't read the book, you may not realize that Lt. Col. Ferrando was highly regarded by Wright, or that \\"Captain America\\" and \\"Encino Man\\" were not trained as field officers, but just thrown into those positions for expedience. (That's bureaucracy for you, be it military or civilian.)
B0017ZB8M6|5.0|When I heard Hot And Cold on the car radio I recalled liking I Kissed A Girl during summer 2008, so I bought the album on the strength of those two songs, on the offchance that I would like some of the rest of it.    I must add here that I am a 56-year old male British accountant, with taste firmly rooted in the 60s, and the last album I bought where I unequivocally enjoyed every track was Blue Hotel by Fox in 1977.    Well, now there is another one.  One Of The Boys joins a very small club - there isn't a track on it which I don't like.    Let me get my reservations out of the way first.  While I very much like the quality of Katy Perry's voice - she's a husky pop shouter with a delicate breathiness in her upper register (I suspect, from Youtube clips, that she requires some studio assistance to deliver a vocal take with no tuning issues, but that's not a major problem on a record!) - I don't much care for a) the Alanis Morisette-style vocal mannerisms (viz. the register-changing yodel), b) the croaking groan at the ends of lines and c) the intakes of breath (stylistic choice, or poor mic technique and/or poor production?).  I'm also not a big fan of breaking words up ar tificially (if you see what I mean).    But I love the songs - each and every one of them.  Every one has a strong melodic hook, and I love melody more than anything.  The lyrics, though sometimes gauche, are funny, witty, and often heartfelt (and, even when not, they still tell an entertaining story - how can you resist an album where the second line is \\"I can belch the alphabet, just double dog dare me\\")?).  And they are delivered with gusto and good humour in arrangements which are mostly spot on, if occasionally a little anonymous.  I was delighted to see that Katy had a hand in writing all of them (and two of them solo).    I had a quick look at critics - they seem to be centred on ciriticing the fact that these songs are exactly what they are - fun.  I don't think any big statement is intended here.  After some seesawing back and forth, Katy has found the image she was looking for - Fruit, Betty Grable, big eyes, Minnie Mouse bows, and good-humoured theatricality, and this is reflected not only in her visual impact, but also in the material presented.    I loved every second of this album, and I can't wait for the next one.
B0013FSL3E|5.0|For those of us who remember Hollywood Squares or Mr. Peepers, who else sees the resemblence between Wall-e and Wally Cox?     Wally Cox was a TV personality of the 1960s and 1970s. He was Mr. Peepers and guest-starred in many other shows. He also was on Hollywood Squares. Unfortunately, he died quite young, so I'm guessing that readers born after 1965ish will definately not remember him. Check him out on Wikipedia!
068484267X|5.0|5/19 Frank McCourt is in a life-or-death battle with cancer, according to the site IrishCentral.com  [...]
0316017922|3.0|As with The Tipping Point and Blink, this third book from Malcolm Gladwell was interesting and thought-provoking. As with his other books, reading it is like reading the opening argument made by one side in a series of debates. It's a great conversation starter, but not a treatise on the topic. It's well-written, with only a few gaffes in grammar and spelling.    This book consists of nine chapters and an epilogue. The first five chapters are in Part One, \\"Opportunity\\" and the last five are in Part Two, \\"Legacy.\\"    If you're familiar with Gladwell's works, you know he writes interesting opinion pieces rather than rigorous works of research. He comes from a newspaper background, so this is to be expected. Most of us enjoy a well-written opinion piece, as long as it's not blatantly insulting to our intelligence (as, for example, the NYT consistently is). Though Gladwell's books aren't serious works of research, they make for enjoyable reading and some intellectual stimulation.    I disagree    Because I happened to read this the year after its release, I glanced at what other reviewers were saying. Are we all talking about the same book?    At one end, there are the worshippers. They proclaim this book offers great insight based on solid research. But the book isn't rigorously researched, doesn't fully develop any of its arguments, and really doesn't offer new insights. It presents some cherry-picked examples and knits them together to form a flimsy framework of some interesting ideas in a fairly preliminary manner. This is what interesting conversationalists do all the time, to start interesting conversations. It does present some meta ideas that you will catch if you are alert enough; more on those, in a bit.    Unfortunately, Gladwell interjects conclusions into his \\"conversation starter\\" instead of asking questions. So, he sort of stifles the whole point of the book, if that point is per the above. Gladwell presents his conclusions as fact without the evidence orrigorous examination to do so credibly. That's considered unfair among interesting conversationalists, and it's the kiss of death in a debate.    At the other end, there are the demonizers. They deride this book unfairly and exaggerate its weaknesses while minimizing its strengths and value. One of these reviewers gives the impression that Gladwell did a few Wikipedia searches and not much else and just threw together a poor excuse of a book using fallacies of logic and a very inventive mind. But Gladwell did look at a variety of sources. He just didn't take that far enough to address contrary evidence and defend holes in his theories. It's not a scholarly work, and I think it's important not to grade it as one.    As would be expected, the truth lies between these two extremes. Outlier isn't a terrible book, and it's not a great one. It's between. It's not total fluff, but it's not a serious scholarly work. It's between.    The book lacks rigorous research, so it is not possible to draw supportable conclusions from what Gladwell presented. This doesn't mean his material is completely out in left field; it just means that he hasn't made a solid case for his conclusions. In a peer-reviewed journal, this kind of work would be rejected outright. But this isn't a peer-reviewed journal; it's a book by a person with no experience or formal credentials in the field he's writing about and it needs to be considered in that context. While such books will never be academic references or cultural game changers, they do have their place.    Both the lavishly praising and harshly criticizing reviews struck me as superficial and inaccurate.    Wrong title    The word \\"outliers\\" is one that that Gladwell seems to not understand, and which did not make an accurate title for this book. I think the presumptuousness and non-relevance of the title opened the author to the kind of criticism he's drawn.    The subtitle, \\"The Story of Success\\" is also inappropriate. My question, \\"Are we talking about the same book?\\" also applies to the title and subtitle.    Not all of the anecdotes are about outliers. Perhaps none are. I know this word from its usage in statistical analysis. Really, there is about zero statistical analysis in this book, so the word should not even be used in conjunction with the text.    I'm not a statistician, nor have I played on on TV. But I'm familiar enough with the discipline to know that you need to work from a very large representative sample of the population and use some calculus before you can start talking about what parts of society are in the areas along the edges of the curve. There's not a single differential equation in this book; in the professional journals I regularly read, I might come across a dozen diffiQs in a single article.    It's not \\"the\\" story of success; it's \\"a few stories\\" of success rather than even a representative sample. Another author could probably write a book of \\"other\\" stories of success that aren't congruent with these few.    Practical value: true or false    Despite the above, I believe the points Gladwell makes in this book are worth considering. As a member of Mensa, I know quite a few geniuses (and I are one, too, ha, ha). Gladwell is correct that IQ does not automatically confer success. Anyone can go to Sears and buy a great tool set. But not just anyone can be a great mechanic. A high IQ is like that tool set. How you use it is what matters (with nods to the size doesn't matter folks). But as Gladwell might point out, it helps if your dad run runs the car clinic your grandfather started and you grew up in a town with a couple of racing tracks.    One of his underlying concepts, if I understand him correctly, is that no single personal characteristic automatically confers success. That's not a new or controversial concept. And what about the inverse of that? Even a single great flaw, if one believes Sean Stephenson or Tony Robbins, can't stand in the way of success. Gladwell seems to be saying this, as well.    Some people complained the book has no practical value. Au contraire. Consider how many people berate themselves or have self-esteem problems for not reaching some particular metric of success. To compensate, they do things that unintentionally broadcast their insecurity, for example going deeply into debt to buy a status car instead of a practical one they can afford.    There is an \\"I'm OK\\" theme reverberating under the text of this book. And that theme has a counterbalance that is also a theme reverberating under the text of this book. People who pat themselves on the back for their successes without acknowledging other factors besides their own qualities and contributions are delusional. Simple chance plays a great role in how things turn out. This doesn't mean everything is a matter of chance and circumstance, and Gladwell doesn't say it is. But sometimes you can do everything right and not get very far.    The thrust of this book, as I can determine, is this. Successful people become that way by latching onto opportunities and then working hard to take advantage of those opportunities. A corollary is what is not an opportunity for one person is an opportunity for another, due to who they were and where they came from. This doesn't mean using where you came from as an excuse for failure, but matching it with the opportunities that come along and working hard to achieve your goal.    Gladwell's major point (that I see) is a generalization, and it's generally supportable; perhaps you recognize it from Sunday School or from some other childhood training: those who work hard get the rewards, if they work on the things that are right for them and if they seize or make the right opportunities. This is a core concept in our Western civilization, so agreeing with it as Gladwell generally does (he seems to disagree with the \\"make\\" part) isn't as loony or absurd as some reviewers would have you believe.    The specifics are a different matter. You can choose to see the forest or just look at the trees in front of you, which gives rise to the observation of strategically blind people, \\"They can't see the forest for the trees.\\" Gladwell takes a tree approach to describe the forest, and that's where the controversy comes in.    I chose not to get too mired in the weakly presented trees or to argue about whether that forest is the size and composition Gladwell asserts it is. I chose to reflect upon the meta ideas of what Gladwell was saying. That's a powerful takeaway, if you haven't thought about those things for a while. On the particulars, Gladwell may be correct or not but we don't know that from this book because he didn't rigorously defend or even analyze his conclusions on those particulars.    Gladwell's been featured in the business literature, and he is interesting though not definitive. He doesn't have a background that would make him definitive. As with the people in the anecdotes he writes about, he makes the best use of his talents to seize the opportunities presented him. If you haven't yet written three best-sellers and been featured on the cover of Fast Company, perhaps you can learn something from reading this book. Or perhaps not, if you've achieved your personal best in some other way.
B001TH16DS|3.0|[[ASIN:B001TH16DS Star Trek: The Original Series - Season 1 [Blu-ray]]]    I recently purchased the first season of Star Trek on Blue ray.  I was impressed by some of the enhancements, ship motion is more seamless and other graphical changes.  I must say that I am disappointed  by the fact that the episodes are not in order.  I grew up in the 60's, and my family sat watching each week as the latest episode was released.  So when I sat down with my son to watch them for his first time, there was just something missing.    I will say in the defense of the product, that they include stardates in the menus so that you can try to arrange them in some order.  So far I have not found the first episode \\"The Cage\\" with  Captain Pike, and I really wanted to start with that episode.  I am hoping that it is buried somewhere in the multi-disc set, and not simply omitted.    Overall, I will say that at the discounted price, the set was worthwhile, but as stated before, I am a bit disappointed.
B001P9KR8U|5.0|We thought this movie would be too violent at the beginning - but it is reasonably subtle and tastefully done.  It's disturbing that such things can happen to people, but I'd say nothing is overplayed or gratuitously exagerated.<br /><br />Overall, we enjoyed this movie.
B000000XCH|5.0|With this, their fifth album, Creedence Clearwater Revival  delivered their last utterly great album as a group, although John Fogerty later recorded some great solo albums. On this album, you can find several classic songs.<br /><br />My favorite here is Looking out my back door. It is a great song anyway but its reference to Buck Owens adds further to my listening pleasure. John Fogerty later confirmed his enthusiasm for country music, implied by that reference, when he recorded Blue ridge rangers, an album of country classics. By contrast Looking out my back door is a typical slice of rocking Creedence Clearwater Revival, albeit with just a hint of country.<br /><br />Other Creedence Clearwater Revival classics to be found here include Traveling band, Up around the bend, Who'll stop the rain and Long as I can see the light. I also like their interpretation of I heard it through the grapevine, but I don't think it really needed to be eleven minutes long. Creedence Clearwater Revival also show how well they could cover other people's songs with their brilliant versions of Ooby dooby and My baby left me. The first two tracks (Ramble tamble, Before you accuse me) are also of a high quality, but here they seem just like the warm-up act for what follows. On some albums, they would have been the highlights.<br /><br />Many of these tracks have (not surprisingly) featured on Creedence Clearwater Revival compilations down the years, so if you've got one of those, you may not feel the need to buy this album. If, however, you buy it anyway, you're unlikely to be disappointed. If you haven't got any Creedence Clearwater Revival music, this album will provide a great start to your collection.<br /><br />More recently, this album has been re-issued with bonus tracks, making it even better value.
B001FB4W0W|1.0|True Blood spends too much time in nudity and the obscene and not enough time developing a story.  The death scences of a Vampires are gross when they turn into a mess of blood.  The characters are hard to believe and act like idots most of the time. The love Sookie Stackhouse is supposed to feel for Bill the Vampire is lacking,you don't feel the magic between them.  Their facial expressions don't even show a deeping love.  The secondary characters are a drag on the show i.e., sheriff etc, very poor activng or directing, whichever. Emotion is entirely missing in the acting for the entire cast.  It is definitely not one that I would considering purchasing or rewatching beyond the HBO initial series. Give it One * Star.  After seeing Moonlight, True Blood is a belly flop,  At least HBO didn't dump the audience that enjoys this show like CBS did Moonlight or Lifetime did Blood Ties.
030014332X|5.0|What exactly makes this book such a pleasure? This is not easy to answer. But I believe it is its minimalism, its boiling down issues to their essence and then choosing words carefully to convey, as well as possible, the author's sentiments. For example, talking about the grandiose plans of the 16th century Catholic Church:    \\"Old St. Peter's ... was too plain for their taste. They planned to build a new church, far bigger and more beautiful than any seen before. But it would cost a lot of money. Where this money came from mattered less to the popes of the day than getting hold of it and completing their wonderful church. And in their desire to please the pope, priests and monks collected money in a way which did not conform with the teachings of the Church. They made the faithful pay for the forgiveness of their sins, and called it 'selling indulgences'.\\" (p. 180)    Gombrich follows this with a stirring chapter on Martin Luther and the Protestant Reformation. Simple yet beautiful.    The book is no encyclopedia--fewer than 300 very thin pages can hardly scrape the surface of the most basic introduction to history. Much detail is left out. Many areas of the world get short shrift. Today's notions of political correctness find no place--it was written in 1935 and Gombrich would not succumb to the PC approach in any event.    But every page is full of gems, of insight, of clever turns of phrase. It's perfect for parents to read out loud to their 8-12 year olds, or for their 11-18 year olds to read on their own. It's a perfect introduction to topics that can be studied in greater depth later on.
B000K7VHQ4|5.0|Received item promptly and in great shape.  Received helpful & courteous info from seller.  The purchase and experience was excellent and will recommend for future products. Thank you.
B00000ING2|5.0|THis movie is about Business.  Ameican business.  Another reviewer compared it to HOW TO SUCEED IN BUSINESS WITHOUT TRYING, and that's not a bad comparison, because business success is for schmucks.  A Schmuck with a brain, sometimes, but a Schmuck with Luck more often than not.    Who invented the Hula-Hoop?  I won't waste your time or mine describing the plot of the movie.  It's just too out-of-your-mind fabulous!  Better, I'll remind you of something of Goethe's -- THE SORCERER'S APPRENTICE -- and the Dukas tone poem (which you may remember with Mickey Mouse in Disney's FANTASIA).  Only here, in PROXY, the Mouse wins.  Bigtime.    Tim Robbins is wonderful, unbelievable, and I nearly shat my skivvies when he fell out of that skyscraper.  And the great Paul Newman redeemed himself for all the schlak he did for money.    Give yourself a break:  Buy it and watch it as often as you need to.  That is, when you look in the mirror, mornings and see signs you're either turning into a schmuck, or into something worse.  OK, watching it may not help.  Maybe the problem is in your genes?  But at least you'll get some laughs out of it.
B0000062FJ|5.0|The purchase was as expected and received in a timely manner which was most appreciated.  Thank you.
0061120073|5.0|Excellent book, lovely story.  Everytime I picked up the book, it put a smile on my face. Couldn't wait to continue reading the book. Characters in this book are very real, geniune and heart warming.  One of the best stories of turn of the century. It is endearing to read at any age. Well deserved 5 starts.
B000FA675C|1.0|The author (or his publisher on his behalf) have blocked Text-to-speech on this title, so what you are buying is a crippled version for what your kindle will not have all features enabled.<br /><br />This is a very lame choice, I wish the author reconsider this decision and that's why I am giving it a 1-star.<br /><br />As it is, the e-book does not worth the money.
0743298039|5.0|This novel is gothic to the core. I am a huge fan of gothic novels and this book serves up to expectation in every sense and beyond. Every chapter and page is a new suspense and a thrill. Just when you think you got it, new twist pops up and  keeps you wondering. This book engages the reader and makes the reader part of the story. You find yourself following Margeret's foot steps, trying to figure out the mystery. You feel compassion for her when her efforts come to a dead end and admire her courage, when it feels impossible for her to go on. Every chapter is a new possibility. Wonderful, great read. Suspense, thrill, awe, shock, mystery, gain, loss, love, sadness all in this story. My eyes popped a couple of times at the turn of events. Awesome book !! I hesitated to pick up and read this book for a while. I am glad I did !! Should've done it sooner..
B000MRAAJM|5.0|My kids and I love this movie, I am satisfied with the sender, it was sent to us fast in the mail. One comment, the disc holders inside are very cheap and as soon as i opened it, they were already broken. Any advice?
0385340575|5.0|Lee Child's thirteenth Jack Reacher novel GONE TOMORROW begins with Reacher onboard a Manhattan subway late at night. Reacher spots a woman displaying the traits of a suicide bomber. He is so convinced that he decides to confront the woman, and his decision to do so sets him on his course for the rest of novel.<br /><br />Reacher's path through GONE TOMORROW takes him from the New York Police Department, to the U.S. capitol, to a U.S. Senator from North Carolina, to the highest levels of government. Along the way, several shadowy groups follow Reacher intent on threatening to get information out of him any way that they can.<br /><br />GONE TOMORROW is vintage Lee Child. Stylish, suspenseful, and infused with dry humor, Lee's prose style is spare and efficient. Reacher comes to this novel older, less likely to resort to bare-knuckle fighting, and more apt to use patience and intelligence to unravel a sticky set of characters and motivations.<br /><br />GONE TOMORROW is one of the best suspense novels I've read this year. It's fascinating to watch Lee develop into a grandmaster of the genre, and I thoroughly enjoyed this book.<br /><br />I definitely recommend it.<br /><br />Stacey Cochran<br />[[ASIN:B0024NL6QS Author of CLAWS available for 80 Cents]]
0316067601|5.0|Absolutely riveting from beginning to end...Of course if you are one of the liberals that likes to tie the hands of our fighting men you won't like this book.  Luttrel tells his story and gives his opinions without sugar coating... He lived through an extremely harrowing experience and tells the story in detail...
0783225482|5.0|This is one of my all time favorites, the movie is comical, the stars in the film are awesome. This has always been a family favorite and always waited for it to play on cable. Now we have our own copy.
B000002KAT|5.0|I think it was 1969, a friend and I took the train into NYC to comb the record shops. In one small shop somewhere near Grand Central Station I'm flipping through vinyl with this playing in the store, and more and more I can't do anything but listen. Madame George did it. So I say to my friend, \\"listen to this, this is pretty cool,\\" but he's taciturn, non-committal. I was riveted. So I left with Astral Weeks and Country Joe's Thinking of Woody Guthrie. Astral Weeks is one album that simply entered my aural mind and took up residence. I can hear it anytime, anywhere, no ear buds necessary. In my own Van Morrison list of indispensables this is the cornerstone, along with Veedon Fleece, A Sense of Wonder and St. Dominic's Preview.
B00003CXSM|4.0|I had it on vhs so have upgraded to DVD. I believe this is a chick flick but I find it entertaining never the less.  I am a guy who likes Lopez and if that isn't enough there is the blonde for the rest of you. Somewhat irregular story line, like getting his hand glued to the statue's genitals or the two guys riding the scooter through the bikers with the \\"just married sign\\" on the back was very humerous.
B001N18HO6|5.0|Great for any Pearl Jam fan.  I was impressed by all the stuff I found in this box set.  Now I like Ten even more than I do.
0307408833|1.0|First off this book is NOT entirely gluten free even though the title states that it is. The cookie and cake recipes that I have tried so far are good, but the icing is terrible. I've had to use my own when using the recipes. I wouldnt waste the money. The recipes are not any better than most other cook books and like I said earlier a lot of the recipes are not gluten free even though it is advertised.
B0015ABRE2|2.0|Season 2 of Dexter was such a gem it created a problem. You had all these great, dynamic characters. Now they're all gone and we're left w/ these droning superbores. In Amazon's little interview Michael C. Hall says that Dexter is done asking questions about his father and his background, but why is he wondering aloud about Harry's code halfway through the first entry of Season 3? The problem with this go-round is that, aside from Dexter, there's very little to like about any of the characters. We're more interested in having sex with Rita, her kids are irratating by now, Debra is far too safe and about to have an affair with the new blonde cop (who is himself boring, safe, and predictable), and meanwhile Doakes is long gone so there's no one around to hassle Dexter about his devious nocturnal activities.   Dexter himself is even wound down a bit, his killings mere pretense now and less ritualistic. I sincerely hope this improves because Season 2 looks like the apex for the series. And to think I panicked when I heard Season 3 was it for the show. Now I know why.
B0013FSL3E|5.0|Awesome movie! My 5 year old loved it, as did the rest of the family. We've watched it many times now! Good messages
B000C20VPA|5.0|Watched \\"Casino\\" and 2 days later, The History Channel did a show about this story. Everything in the movie happened just the way it did at the time. Facinating story. And although he wasn't funny, Don Rickles (one of my favorite comedians) was pretty good (for a hocky puck). Glad Sharon Stones character ends up like she did. Greedy \\"broad\\" to use the vernacular of the era. Great movie.
B0015DROBO|5.0|I had finished Ken Follett's \\"World Without End\\" and was looking for something to take on my next vacation.  I bought this with some skepticism--it can't be as good as everyone says, maybe I'll be the one to hate it--but was pleasantly surprised to learn that it was an absorbing, exciting story.<br /><br />It kept me guessing till the end and I cannot WAIT for the sequel to be released on Kindle since the book finishes in an unsatisfying (yet oddly acceptable) place.
B001M5UDGS|5.0|Given I sometimes believe that Joss Whedon can do no wrong, in my albeit unlikely unbiased opinion this is one of his best projects ever. Who woulda thunk? 30 years later Neil Patrick Harris grows up to be a Dr. again. I was amazed at his talent and the quality of his vocal work. He must have used a vocal coach to nail it because the hammer wouldn't work.
B0006MT314|5.0|Everything was great condition.  Any issues were noted, no surprises!    Thank you!
B000O5AYCA|5.0|Boxer is my first cd from The National.  After my first listen I thought it was interesting, but was going nuts on it.  After my 3rd listen, I realized this cd has legs.  Almost every song is excellent which is rare to find these days.  Stand outs:  Gospel, Guest Room, Start a War, Green Gloves and Slow Show.
B001RIY49C|3.0|I know everyone is disappointed that the bust is plastic, but for this was an okay deal.  It will probably drop in price, but for a fan and collector, I wouldn't take the chance of missing out.  I own all these editions, so this doesn't really give much that's new other than a new transfer or remaster of the Blu-Ray.  It would have been nice to put some type of new feature on the BD disc.<br /><br />Considering that a Sideshow Collectibles bust is like $500, if you want the display this is nice piece.  The teeth are white, which is more accurate than the ones that show metal teeth.  The Terminator had to look like a human and the white teeth are a nice detail.
0743454537|5.0|But reading these reviews has me sitting on the edge of my seat waiting for the PostMan to deliver it!  I saw the previews of the movie that is out this Summer and it made me cry twice!  The Previews!  Everyone says the books are always 3 times better!    Updated Review.    It was worth the wait.  I got the book on Tuesday Night and had finished it by Wednesday Night.  I couldn't put it down and I cried more than I think I've cried in years.
1844137864|5.0|When I was in NY I couldn't find the hard cover to bring back with me so I scoured Amazon.com.  I ordered the hard cover...amazing...love the storyline.  A++
1423101472|3.0|A very entertaining read, but not all it should be.    The Percy Jackson series has been great and with such a delay from book 4 I was really looking for something special. While I enjoyed reading it I was also let down. This was probably the second weakest book of series.     It's just not inspired; not as good as it could (and as the final installment) should have been.
067182449X|1.0|Should come with a warning label, so don't pick it up if you don't want a bummer. Read it for school, didn't enjoy the experience.
B00127RAJY|5.0|I didn't really know what to expect from the Jillian Michaels series, but all the dvds are great.  I can feel a big difference in my clothes after only 3 weeks of doing these workouts.
B00003CWPL|5.0|I finally got a chance to view this much-hyped, forever-talked about freak fest known as Eraserhead by David Lynch.<br /><br />First and foremost, I am QUITE sure that subsequent viewings will find me liking this movie more and more.  To date I have only seen it once.  I KNEW I would have to write a review and my thoughts about it were all over the place - I was disgusted, frightened, amazed, laughed like hell but ultimately was THOROUGHLY entertained.<br /><br />Secondly, I had to come up with a plot line to couch a review in.  After only one viewing that seems virtually impossible. Hello folks, this is a David Lynch film - plot is ENTIRELY too restrictive a concept. Suffice it to say, it deals with loneliness, insecurity, frustration, a horny mother, an endlessly smoking grandmother, a hapless father, a mysterious Lady of the Evening, and a VERY disturbing baby.<br /><br />Lastly, pegging it as merely \\"different\\" is a masterpiece of understatement and for a directorial debut is MOST unforgettable.  Actually, I have come to like most, if not all of Lynch's work because it was NEVER commonplace, trite or contrived.  Lynch is behind such fascinations as \\"Lost Highway,\\" \\"Blue Velvet,\\" \\"Wild At Heart,\\" and, of course, \\"Twin Peaks.\\"  My ultimate justification is that David Lynch and I share a birthday which probably explains a lot.<br /><br />Nonetheless, I most certainly recommend.
B001UREJWM|4.0|this sounds more like  dio solo than sabbath.songs dont seem to have the same punch as the 3 sabbath albums Not enough of tonys riffs. but dio still has the great powerful voice. but having said that i liked it very much its great to see that the type of music these guys pionered is still sounding fresh and new. a must for all real metal heads
B001V7YWTQ|4.0|Two discs 65 and 63 minutes each approximately.  The sound is immediate yet warm,especially the vocals.  The booklet has photographs of the band and song titles and that's it.  The booklet omits the song \\"Low Down\\" on the track listings,but the listening order is as the jewel case lists them.<br /><br />If anyone thinks that this is yet another release by yet more musicians trading on their past glories-think again.  This is music that everyone has been waiting for for ages.  It's powerful,good-time music that will please anyone who likes Clapton and/or Winwood.  Its safe to assume that listeners are familiar with both Winwood and Clapton at this point.  Winwood,from his teenage years,first came to prominence in the SPENCER DAVIS GROUP,then went on to form TRAFFIC,then BLIND FAITH (with Clapton),and then made several solo albums.  Clapton,likewise,gained acclaim in the YARDBIRDS,then his stints with John Mayall's BLUESBREAKERS,CREAM,the previously mentioned BLIND FAITH,DEREK AND THE DOMINOS,and then he recorded many solo albums under his own  name.<br /><br />Why these two musicians waited this long to record together again is anyone's guess.  Neither one needs the money,so there must be a better reason.  Perhaps it's friendship over all these decades-coming up together in England's music scene,they surely must have formed some kind of bond.  No matter,this music is a reaffirmation of much of their  respective careers.<br /><br />The band consists of Winwood,Clapton,Willie Weeks-bass,Chris Stainton-keyboards,and Ian Thomas-drums.  There is also a horn section (uncredited) that help(\\"Them Changes\\"),yet never get in the way.  The compositions range from tried and true blues numbers (\\"Sleeping In the Ground\\",\\"Double Trouble\\"),Robert Johnson (\\"Rambling On My Mind\\"),to J.J.Cale (\\"Cocaine\\",\\"After Midnight\\"),to Hoagy Carmichael (\\"Georgia On My Mind\\"),to Hendrix (\\"Little Wing\\",\\"Voodoo Chile\\"), to a number of tracks from Winwood's days with TRAFFIC,and a few Clapton tunes (\\"Presence of the Lord\\" and others he made famous)-together they weave a fiery concert setting that will make you wish that you were there.<br /><br />Clapton's guitar is front and center on most tracks,and he plays like someone who has been given a second chance.  Likewise,his vocals are very forceful and emotional.  Of interest is the Robert Johnson tune,\\"Rambling On My Mind\\",where Clapton sings this solo,accompanied by his electro-acoustic guitar-a nice change of pace.  Of course many tracks are used as jumping off points for jamming-something this band can do effortlessly,but here the entire group sound very together,playing as if this may be their last chance.  Winwood's keyboards have that familiar bouncing sound to them,that in contrast with Clapton's guitar,is a real treat.  His guitar playing is still fiery and alive.  Together they weave in and out of each other,and I defy anyone to keep their body still when the fireworks get started.  Its nice to hear these old chestnuts from the past reinvigorated by these masters (including the entire band) who take these songs and put some real life into them.  From a pop sound (or as close as they ever came) to slow blues,this is the real deal.  Clapton's vocals really shine on \\"Double Trouble\\",an old Otis Rush blues that shows his reverence for Rush.  His vocals have that lived-in sound that elevates this tune to something else entirely.  His guitar cries yet soars through this track,letting every doubter know that he can still feel and play the blues.  Winwood's vocals are similarly aching and have that lived-in sound,which he proves over and over again on this set.  If anything,his voice has deepened a bit,which gives his vocals an extra punch.  It's interesting that Winwood started out imitating Ray Charles,and here he still retains a lot of Charles' sound and vocal inflections.  Listeners will have their own favorites here,with a song selection that's designed for just that effect.<br /><br />Anyone who likes Clapton from his DEREK AND THE DOMINOS days will find much to like here.  These tracks have that old magic from days gone by.  Its great to hear that these two masters still have that certain something that enables them to reach out and move listeners like they do here.  This will be something that will be played over and over again by listeners,and every time something new will be heard.will find much to like here.  These tracks have that old magic from days gone by.  Its great to hear that these two masters still have that certain something that enables them to reach out and move listeners like they do here.  This will be something that will be played over and over again by listeners,and every time something new will be heard.
B0006J28L4|5.0|Purchased this along with Glory.  What can I say but the man is amazing.  The way he personafies Malcom in this movie is incredible.  Denzel and Spike, you've outdone yourselves with this one!
B001FSDOZO|4.0|It's a good album but for me, it's not as good as The Long Road...  Nickelback is a great band. They mix rock and slow music and sometimes  sounds of country music.  I think that the best songs in this album are I'D COME FOR YOU and NEVER GONNA BE ALONE.  I really love this band and this new album.
031606792X|3.0|Personally, this book was a letdown. Spoiler!! warning!! I wanted the Volturi to die.. but they didn't die. In the end, there is a happy ending that absolutely pissed me off. Maybe I like violence too much though?
B001K3JF7K|3.0|The most disapointing Diana Krall CD I have ever bought.  And I LOVE Diana Krall.  Only one track that showcases her piano.  Song selection is underwhelming.  I think maybe she needs some space betwen her and Tommy LiPuma for a while.<br />Revision, after a few months I warmed to this CD, having a real difficult time now getting behind Gladrag Doll
B001AQO3WY|2.0|well,i watched this for up until the fifth episode when i just had enough.this series reeks of antiwar leftist weak self hating propaganda.if you are young,stoner,hippie,or generally a self loathing confused man you'll enjoy this.if you passed this phase and grew up you'll hate it.simple as that.
0439023483|5.0|In the future world of North America, now called Panem, 12 districts circle a Capitol in what was formally the Rocky mountains. 80+ years prior the districts had revolted against the Capitol and were overthrown and subjugated. Now the Capitol has devised an elaborate punishment for all in the districts to remind them just who is in charge - An annual competition called the Hunger Games.<br /><br />The Hunger games is an Olympic like duel to the death. Two tributes, one female and one male, are drawn in a lottery from each district every year, taken to the Capitol where they will duel to the ultimate death. To the Victor of the Hunger Games goes the spoils - food, wealth, fame, and comfort for the remainder of their days. To the loser goes a horrible death at the hands of their fellow competitors.<br /><br />As this years Repeaing approaches Katniss Everdene, 16, knows that she, and her best friend Gale, has a good chance of being called. Both have entered their name into the drawings as much as possible so that they will receive more food stores for their family. But when Katniss' 12 year old sister is chosen as tribute Katniss steps up to volunteer for her place, a feat virtually unheard of in the competition's 78 years of practice. Katniss is not concerned to win, she's obsessed with survival, and it is this desire that may give her an edge over her fellow Tributes.<br /><br />Every good thing that you have heard about the Hunger Games is true. It's Dystopian, it's affecting, it's really well written. What you don't hear besides the plot and the bloodshed is that Katniss is an amazing character who really comes into her own by the end of the book.<br /><br />Almost half of this book goes by before any of the Tributes ever set foot in the Arena where their deaths await and still we feel the journey with every poignant step. I think that is the real strength of this book and, in tandem, Collins writing... that she draws the reader in with very thorough exposition and character development so that by the time Katniss sets foot in the ring she is a force to follow. A force. To be reckoned with.<br /><br />I lost much sleep to reading the Hunger Games. I've lost even more minutes daydreaming and wondering in between readings. I lost myself totally in this book, and it's been a while since I could call anything engrossing. I cannot wait to lose myself in more of Collins work. She is an author to be reckoned with.at by the time Katniss sets foot in the ring she is a force to follow. A force. To be reckoned with.     I lost much sleep to reading the Hunger Games. I've lost even more minutes daydreaming and wondering in between readings. I lost myself totally in this book, and it's been a while since I could call anything engrossing. I cannot wait to lose myself in more of Collins work. She is an author to be reckoned with.
B001TODCII|5.0|Liam Neeson is a bit too old to be the star of an action movie. That's what I thought BEFORE I saw this movie. Luc Besson has made a fast-paced tightly woven film that picks up momentum rather fast and does not let go.     As a retired CIA agent, Liam Neeson is quite convincing and more so as a really angry father who unleashes substantial mayhem among the bad guys in Paris.    Well this movie is not as high budget as the Bourne Series but if you liked the Bourne style of film-making, you'll like this one.
B001TH16DI|5.0|I dont; knwo why people have to complain about how crappy these movies look on blu-ray but they are fantastic.  Granted i have only watch the 1st movie but it looks amazing and sounds great.  They are all remaster for 1080p HD and 7.1 surround.  For an old movie i am absolutely please with this set.  I recently bought Superman The Movie and Superman II: RD cut, and i was stunned by they look and sound of those as well.  If you are a trek fan and own a blu-ray, by the set of movies,it's well wroth the 79.99 amazon is charging.  You wont be disappointed, and if you are, well then you have major issues.
0156030306|5.0|My name is Charlie Gordon. I'm 32 years. Doctor Strauss says I must write down what I think and what I remember and every thing that happens to me now and forward I do not know why that is important but he says it is important for me and for every else being because I want to be intelligent. I work in bakery. And the doctor makes me compete with a mouse, Algermon, which always wins. I want to win. I want to be as intelligent as the mouse and I am sad that it is so much smarter but the doctor says that after surgery I will become more intelligent they promise.     This is touching story of Charley being transformed from being of little intelligence to being a genius after an experimental brain surgery. The transformation is seen through his journal entries. Charlie's low IQ 68 convincingly portrays the writing style of someone with an intellectual disability: groping grammar and spelling. The plot slowly engages, lures, (after 50 pages) the reader. The novel changes as Charlie becomes a genius, and with his mental improvement, the diary exposes his decline of morality. Charlie becomes more and more aware of his lab rat status, how his co-workers at bakery make fun of him being an idiot, how he is emotionally underdeveloped and cannot treat feelings and affection towards his teacher, Alice, whom he falls in love. Charlie's childhood memory blocks tangle him to turn to the obsessive drinking and sex. The parallelism with the Algernon, the mouse, can be seen more as an extension of Charlie's character.    Five (5) stars. Written in 1959 the book won 1960 Hugo Award for Best Short Story and 1966 Nebula Award for Best Novel. Millions of copies sold. All deserved. First 50 pages may be a struggle because it's hard to tell what the novel develops. After the start everything either develops a character or advances the plot; nothing extraneous is present to distract from the basis of the story. The life of a person who suffers mental retardation, how he may see the world andhow others treat them is nakedly displayed in his \\"progress reports\\". It is therefore understandable that the depressing plot may not be for everyone. Hear Charlie, the person, not the object. Timeless and a touching story.
0385340575|5.0|The first and best news is that Lee Child is back in form with \\"Gone Tomorrow\\". While not the all time best Reacher novel that I have read, this is a more than satisfactory addition to the series. It involves some truly unpleasant villains, a politician with a deeply guarded secret, a missing son and plenty of tension. One thing I love but also find quite disconcerting when I'm reading a Reacher novel is the way that he deliberately seeks out and provokes the bad guys. It's so much the opposite of the way that I would behave that I find it quite nerve-wracking to read. And in this book, he does it a LOT.<br /><br />It starts with Reacher on a New York subway in the small hours of the morning. He spots a woman, Susan Marks, whose behaviour meets every criteria for a suicide bomber. She's not. But she is a woman in trouble. Reacher can't help Susan, but he can't let the matter rest until he finds out what was behind her state of mind and finds the people who drove her to that point. Although at various times he recruits her brother and a friendly police officer as allies, essentially this is Reacher taking on the bad guys on his own.<br /><br />The first half of the book is all set up and it's quite gradual. Reacher is a little slow off the mark: there are a couple of revelations that seemed pretty obvious to me, but which take some time to emerge. On the other hand, I wasn't sure for quite some time who the villains would turn out to be, which I enjoyed. In the second half, Reacher goes after the villains: this half is dead exciting and includes some of the most graphic descriptions of violence that I can remember Lee Child writing.<br /><br />There is one central implausibility: Reacher is told repeatedly that he'll be in deep trouble if he finds out a particular secret. But when he does find it out, suddenly it doesn't seem to matter that he knows. Reacher also has developed an unlikely ability to track down his adversaries with ease.  Some key plot elements are left unresolved. And the obligatory roll in the sack feels just that: out of place and only there because it's expected. However, at the end of the day the book's momentum means that these are just annoyances, not critical flaws.<br /><br />Unusually, this book is written in the first person (as if Reacher is narrating): only three other Lee Child books have used this. It's not my preference given that Reacher is such an enigma, but it works fine. It's a great read: enjoy!bligatory roll in the sack feels just that: out of place and only there because it's expected. However, at the end of the day the book's momentum means that these are just annoyances, not critical flaws.    Unusually, this book is written in the first person (as if Reacher is narrating): only three other Lee Child books have used this. It's not my preference given that Reacher is such an enigma, but it works fine. It's a great read: enjoy!
B00127RAJY|3.0|I have done this dvd 12 times and today just moved up to level 2. Level 2 is definitely a lot harder than level 1. I do like this dvd but I haven't lost any pounds at all yet. That part is a little disappointing but I am not dieting so it is partly my fault. I say PARTLY because I don't really eat unhealthy so I don't really need to diet. So I'm not really sure why I haven't lost any weight yet but I'm going to keep at it. Maybe I will once I continue with level 2. I only want to lose 10 lbs and I have been told that when you don't need to lose a lot of weight, it is harder than people who have a lot to lose. I'm not sure how true that is but it is the only thing I can think of as to why I haven't lost any yet.
0061170623|5.0|Magnificent! This audio book is just so  tremendously well read I could hardly do better myself. Enhances and illuminates both the novel and the movie so much. I definitely recommend  this work for those seeking the deeper meaning of things.
8170262259|5.0|I have read the book when I went to school in Germany (I now live in New Zealand) and I never forgot the story all my life. We mentioned a text cutout from it for the obituary of my mum. This book is as simple as our life is intended to be. But mankind has forgotten the right way of living and we are going further and further away from the place where we should be, therefore millions of people are seriously sick. Just read the book, and you if you decide to to so, you will find your way back into a better life.
B001EO748M|5.0|The Discs came just as they were promised.  In perfecct condition!  I was completely satisfied.
0307346617|5.0|World War Z is as advertised: it is a history of the zombie war, ended approximately a decade earlier, and a chronicling of its human elements.  It is a thoughtful novel.  The blood and guts and horror are there, to be sure, but what makes this book so good is its dual focus on the macro scale of the (let's face it, probably inevitable) zombie apocalypse and, simultaneously, its careful consideration of the human cost.  Instead of following a group of survivors and letting us in their tiny sphere of post-apocalyptic existence, the book is written as a series of interviews with many unrelated survivors, all of whom experienced the war in different ways.  This paints a complete picture of the geopolitical and societal structures that might enable such a global catastrophe.  Instead of making the conflict smaller, as have many authors writing about a single group of survivors of the nuclear/zombie/disease apocalypse, Max Brooks expands our view to a national (focusing on the consequences of the outbreak, panic, and subsequent war for the United States, China, Russia, and Cuba, among others) and international level.      At the same time, the interview format of the novel lets us personalize the conflict and forces us to confront the central question of zombie (non)fiction: what does it mean to survive?  There's a character who claims that fighting zombies has made him \\"addicted to murder,\\" another driven crazy by choices that were necessary but unbearable, and a host of others forced to consider, sadly, what normalcy is in a post apocalyptic world.    I highly recommend this book for a thorough examination of a world in crisis and the clearheaded following of that premise to its logical conclusion.  And, of course, zombies!
0385340575|4.0|Jack REacher is the ultimate loner - it is himself against everyone and everything. Confident, his eyes open not distrusting, not trusting, simply being true to himself. Not that he seems that prone to analysis - of himself anyway.    One night in New York city returning from a blues gig he sees a woman in a carriage displaying all the signs of a suicide bomber. All twelve signs that are on the Israeli list that he has read. He watches her, looks around at the other people in the carriage (very few at that time) and intervenes. He goes up to talk to her - she draws a gun and what follows is 429page ride of cross, double cross, good cop bad cop - Russian crews with bad tempers and some pretty nightmarish descriptions of torture.    No one is telling the truth, or seems to know the truth. Following the incident Reacher is taken away by the police and questioned. Then another crew, probably from the Intelligence Service is brought in to question him. This raises his suspicion that there is something else going on beneath this.     Then out on the street a third security crew try to question him about it - they all seem to think he has some kind of memory stick, that he got sometihng off the body. Not one to disappoint anyone Reacher implies that he has. And so the chase starts. Not just the Russians pursuing Reacher, but Reacher slowing sifting through the information to track down the truth.     The absolute gem in this book, for me anyway, was when the trail lead to the Senator. Jack Reacher rarely displays any weakness at all - but this was just a gem of weakness and writing. The Senator's wife becomes one of the few people to trick him - and although it is only mentioned a couple of times in the book, it is a marvellous piece of writing, of Reacher disgarding the things that she has tricked him over. Very nice work.    The book winds back and forth between Washington and New York - but things seem to link back to Afghanistan and the Russian invasion of the 1980's -the beautiful Russian woman and her mother who are staying in New York are somehow directly related to the woman in the subway - and it is only in the final few pages that the reason why is revealed - and it is up to Reacher with the help of one New York officer to sort things out.    It is a pretty typical page turning outing for Reacher and Lee Child manages to keep the rapid pace up despite the almost laconic tone from Reacher. Packed full of facts - Reacher doesn't appear to forget anything, it is filed in military precision inside his head - and repeated for us. It reminds me a bit of Tom Clancy in that regards.    However, this book is ultra-violent - the descriptions of violence and torture seemed to far outweigh just about anything I had read in a Reacher book before (Except for perhaps Trip wire which was pretty gruesome). That part was pretty vile.    Also the premise for the whole scenario which is revealed in the last few pages seemed an extraodinarily weak idea - all based around the Senator's military service in Afghanistan and how he got his medals.    ....and of course there is the obligatory Reacher sex scene. Hmmmmm. I know he can't have a girlfriend, but the lead up to these scenes is so obvious, I kind of know that there will be one female character written in to make sure Reacher 'gets some'.    All that aside, while I don't think this is the best of the books (I love One Shot best of any of the novels). It was still a great page turner of a book. Jack Reacher is a GREAT hero - utterly dependable, utterly alone.    He rides off into the sunset, I think on the subway this time.
B001IBIQU6|5.0|I've been a DM fan since 1984, when a friend loaned me her Some Great Reward tape and I fell in love with Master and Servant.  I can tell you exactly where I was in my life with the release of each subsequent album, and I've seen them 3 times in concert.  When I heard they were releasing a new CD, to say I was excited is an understatement!  I don't love everything they have put out, as I was extremely disappointed with Exciter, and thought Playing The Angel had some good songs, but overall, was only so-so...so I was cautiously optimistic about Sounds of the Universe.  However, after having listened to it constantly for the last few days, I can honestly say that I am extremely happy.  Some of the lyrics are a bit iffy, but I absolutely LOVE the dark, retro-80s sound to some of the songs, and Dave's voice is as sexy as ever.  This CD will be put on my personal Top Three DM Albums list along with Ultra and Violator...I truly believe it is a work of art, and I am immensely pleased that the guys are still going so strong.
B000EHSVOG|5.0|I loved this movie when it came out and am very happy that I now have the DVD and can watch it any time I want.    If you like disaster movies this is one that is worth the purchase.
B00005JKHP|4.0|When I first saw this as a little kid, I hated it. But that was just because I saw a very, and I mean very, heavily edited version on TV that cut out almost all of the good parts and a great deal of the important parts too, so I wasn't only bored, I was completely lost. Then I bought the DVD years latter, and I actually enjoyed it very much. The only let down to this movie is that it's almost an exact copy-cat of the original series' episode \\"The Changeling\\". You think the writers could have came up with something new instead of reusing old ideas. But other than that it was very good. And one thing that pisses me off about the DVD release is that it does not work right on all DVD players. Luckily I have three DVD players in my house, and two out of the three work for this DVD.<br /><br />As for the film itself, it's exciting, well made, great special effects, and it has a great ending without having the usual spaceship explosion in it. In all, this film shows what \\"Star Trek\\" is all about. It's not about having space battles with the enemy. It's about exploration and making peace with your enemies which this film does very well while still having an exciting (yes, exciting) and thought-provoking tale. Highly recommended!
B0018CWEYY|5.0|What is there to say other than LOST is the best show that has ever aired on TV! Every season they make it better and better and I can't wait for season 6 now. It's going to be sad to have an ending, hopefully they'll change their minds and give us at least one more season!
1577314808|5.0|A friend recommended this book so highly, I went ahead and bought a copy.<br /><br />I didn't read it immediately, but when I did I was blown away.<br /><br />At first, it sounds like it might be another self-serving manual with bits and pieces of wisdom borrowed from people like J. Krisnamurti, philosophers, and visionaries from the past. A few chapters in, and I couldn't help but drop all resistance to his words.<br /><br />The simplicity of his writing is a testimony to the truth behind it. He manages to present old wisdom in an astonishingly practical manner.<br /><br />If you want freedom from the insanity of the ego, this is the book for you.
0312305060|5.0|Get ready for a powerfully moving book. The Hours is a fascinating tale of intersecting lives. From my perspective, it is about characters who are connected through different incarnations. I especially related to this aspect since I believe in reincarnation. The Hours had a spiritual dimension which I appreciated since I am the author of a spiritually-themed novel entitled \\"The Misadventures of Sister Mary Olga Fortitude.\\"    The book skillfully moves between two story lines which are set in different times. Virginia Woolf's tragic life is sensitively portrayed in a manner that will help the reader to develop empathy for someone who has suffered from a bipolar disorder. That is something else to which I can relate, having suffered from a lifetime of debilitating depressions.    As I see it, the wonderful character that is portrayed in the movie of the book by Julianne Moore is the reincarnation of Virginia Woolf. She obviously suffers from her own form of depression which only seems to escalate as she reads Woolf's novel, \\"Mrs. Dalloway.\\"     Michael Cunningham has a gift for painting beautifully lush word pictures that capture the multiple settings in the novel along with fleshing out its multifaceted characters. If you like this book, you will definitely want to read his others. He truly has the gift for writing superb dramatic fiction. Don't miss this book! It was a transforming experience for me.    Davis Aujourd'hui, author of \\"The Misadventures of Sister Mary Olga Fortitude\\"
045122499X|5.0|A wonderful book, hard to stop reading when started. It is a 'must have' ! Wonderfully well written, you will spend delicious hours among the citizens of a 14th century English priory and will share the love affairs, the treasons, the disasters and the hope of the protagonists.
B00129H7VS|5.0|I have both the standard and blue-ray version of this movie. I personally think this is one of the greatest war movies produced.  From start to finish, it's keeps you drawn in and wanting more.  It feels real, and not \\"made in Hollywood\\". An intense movie.  Not for the light hearted.
B001AVEJ1Y|5.0|This was a great renewal of the Star Trek saga. The film was handled in a manner where we can accept the significant differences -- and often departures -- between the original 1960s television series and the 2009 film.  In this case the changes are attributed to the accidental interruption of the original time line by the unintentional time travel of a large Romulan vessel.  The Romulan ship appears at the moment of James T. Kirk's birth and its destruction of the George Kirk's star ship forever changes history.  As such Federation technology took a leap forward with the new Enterprise appearing as a hybrid of the original starship with the more modern saucer and scanner of the STAR TREK: THE MOTION PICTURE Enterprise.<br /><br />There are countless links in this film to the original television series whether it be some of the sound effects, dialogue, or references to people and places mentioned in the television show or subsequent movies.  Still you have to approach this movie as a very different Star Trek.  This movie is as different from the original cast Star Trek movies as the Daniel Craig James Bond films are from Sean Connery's Bond in DR. NO.<br /><br />All in all the new STAR TREK is action packed from the opening scenes through to the end.  Yes, I did miss the familiar faces from the original Trek movies, but nothing is forever.<br /><br />There were a couple deviations from Trek canon in this film. The first is that it essentially places James T. Kirk in command of the Enterprise at the conclusion of this third year at the academy.  Even with an intergalactic emergency this would be unlikley. Three years of service would hardly have afforded Kirk the Starfleet rank of captain.  It would be more realistic to have Kirk graduate from the academy, serve in more junior officer positions (ensign, lieutenant junior grade, lieutenant, lieutenant commander, and commander) for several tours in space before attaining his own permanent command.  Based on the current movie, Uhura would have been senior to Kirk and would have been further up in the command waiting line.  Kirk's award of a command -- no doubt bypassing hundreds of other more senior officers waiting their selection -- was a cinematic vehicle to get a youthful crew aboard the Enterprise quickly.<br /><br />The other event that is not fully explained in STAR TREK is the whereabouts of the rogue Romulan mining ship for 25 years.  The large Romulan mining ship, complete with drilling device that can be lowered from the mothership through the atmosphere of the target planet, is sucked into a black hole and appears almost two hundred years in the past.  After the mining ship's encounter with the first starship it disappears for 25 years.  Where was it during that time frame?  Very possible that answer ended up on the cutting room floor.<br /><br />It was great to see Leonard Nimoy as Spock.  William Shatner was approached to provide a cameo role, but reportedly insisted on side by side screen time with Nimoy.  As Shatner's Kirk was killed in STAR TREK GENERATIONS his appearance would have been difficult to explain in the new STAR TREK.  Alas, Shatner declined the offer to provide a recorded greeting.<br /><br />Now that the characters have been re-established in STAR TREK it will be interesting to see what happens in subsequent adventures.ve been senior to Kirk and would have been further up in the command waiting line.  Kirk's award of a command -- no doubt bypassing hundreds of other more senior officers waiting their selection -- was a cinematic vehicle to get a youthful crew aboard the Enterprise quickly.    The other event that is not fully explained in STAR TREK is the whereabouts of the rogue Romulan mining ship for 25 years.  The large Romulan mining ship, complete with drilling device that can be lowered from the mothership through the atmosphere of the target planet, is sucked into a black hole and appears almost two hundred years in the past.  After the mining ship's encounter with the first starship it disappears for 25 years.  Where was it during that time frame?  Very possible that answer ended up on the cutting room floor.    It was great to see Leonard Nimoy as Spock.  William Shatner was approached to provide a cameo role, but reportedly insisted on side by side screen time with Nimoy.  As Shatner's Kirk was killed in STAR TREK GENERATIONS his appearance would have been difficult to explain in the new STAR TREK.  Alas, Shatner declined the offer to provide a recorded greeting.    Now that the characters have been re-established in STAR TREK it will be interesting to see what happens in subsequent adventures.
B000MRAAJM|5.0|This is my first BD Movie. I played it in my 42\\" Daewoo LCD and PS3. Believe me the sound and movie quality takes us into a new generation. My wife and kids love it. Amazon free shipping delivery is quite fast too. I recommend this to all PS3 users and would like to try Blu-Ray movies. Very educational and inspiring. I love our planet EARTH !
0060899220|3.0|I enjoyed reading Kitchen Confidential.  I am a big Anthony Bourdain fan, mostly because of his television show.  This book is an easy read and Anthony Bourdain is a good writer, though I will say that the narrative writing quality he produces for the television show, No Reservations is superior.  In this book, he fashions his style loosely on the gonzo journalism styling of Hunter S. Thompson in that is he admits to mostly exaggerating the stories, substance abuses, people, and exploits for the reader's entertainment and he makes no apologies for it.  He is witty, reasonably descriptive, and generally entertaining as he weaves a nice mythology for the reader to consume.  I just love when he blasts all of the no talent, bubbly wannabees on the food network.  That said he is no H.L. Mencken, nor is he an Eric Rupert (by his own admission) for that matter.  As other reviewers have said this is his story of coming up through the ranks as a cook then ultimately chef and executive chef in New York City so I'll just focus on some of the minor flaws in the book, some would even say I am just nit picking and I would agree.<br /><br />The drug use bravado described in the early years wears a bit thin as do the obviously exaggerated bigger-than-life characters he describes from the many kitchens in which he worked.  His best chapters are those in which he minimizes the hyperbole and describes moments of foodie epiphany and the details of the the foods, places, and people that are involved with different styles and preparations.  BTW, how does a three pack a day smoker and admitted alcoholic keep his pallet sharp and well calibrated?<br /><br />There are obvious errors in the book and he bounces around making it a bit frantic unnecessarily.  A fine cook and decent writer Tony may be, but a mathematician he is not.  At one point he is working the line at the Rainbow Room, and then suddenly in 1982 he proudly boasts that at only age twenty one he takes the chef's job at a new restaurant.  By my calculations, he would have been twenty six years old in 1982.  I guess it really doesn't matter though as publishing a factual book wasn't really his goal.  The day in the life at Les Halles chapter was interesting.  Tacked on I guess by writer's reflex are a couple self help sections.  I did like the \\"how to cook like the pros\\" section.  A couple of throw away chapters like the \\"Adam-Real-Last-Name-Unknown\\" chapter.  Who f'ing cares?<br /><br />I bought the updated paperback and there is a postscript from 2006 to correct a few errors (names, places, events) and an interview from an unknown date is included.  Nothing too exciting though he does apologize to all the waitresses he f'd .  An admission of infidelity? Hard to tell.  Tony sticks to detailed descriptions of his professional life and almost completely ignores his life outside of work.  Too bad, because the relationship with his girlfriend turned wife during those early years is something I was intrigued by and wanted more details of.  Even if the stories and almost daily drug and alcohol abuse and debauchery were partially true, she would have put up with a lot of flakiness, insanity, and instability for many years.  I see that they divorced in 2005.  Strange timing since that was about the time Tony was starting to become a recognizable foodie star.  Is it a coincidence?  The official line is that the strains of travel challenged their marriage.  Hmmmmmm all that supposed craziness and long hours apart for so many years, then suddenly a few trips to exotic places to eat weird stuff on television caused trouble in the marriage.  Somehow me thinks Tony pulled a Howard Stern and upgraded as soon as the big payday came through.  Oh, who cares anyway...we love him mostly because he is an entertaining, knowledgeable, yet deeply flawed individual...just like us, right?!<br /><br />Like any good mythological tale, this one blends reality and fantasy, has gods and demons, heroes and goats, freaksand fair ladies, and a protagonist who slays many dragons, imagined and real, on his journey through the culinary world.  Bourdain is a likeable guy and really a talented writer.  I am intrigued by his fictional works and may give one or two a read.<br /><br />Bottom line: 3.5 stars overall, worth the $11 and the three or four hours it took to read.nist who slays many dragons, imagined and real, on his journey through the culinary world.  Bourdain is a likeable guy and really a talented writer.  I am intrigued by his fictional works and may give one or two a read.     Bottom line: 3.5 stars overall, worth the $11 and the three or four hours it took to read.
B000000XB9|5.0|I really enjoyed hearing so many of the CCR hits I grew up with.  Great CD!
0307277887|5.0|WOW! Awesome book, kept my interest from begining to end!  This is a must read.
B000ZLFALS|4.0|Wife really liked this one.  Nicely done and I ended up buying the [[ASIN:B000WCBPOG Across The Universe [Deluxe Edition]]]
B001SMC91M|3.0|Black Joe Lewis & the Honeybears latest effort,\\"Tell Em What Your Nane Is\\",is a high energy blast with an old school,James Brown style opener. The colorfull lyrics on some of the songs remind you that these guys have many different influences. I liked most of the songs and would,(and have),recommended this CD to friends. The only knock I have is that the CD is a little too short,only about thirty minutes worth of material.
0385341008|5.0|Intelligent folk must read this selection.  Yes, Seneca wrote letters, also.  These are on par, ladies and gentlemen.
0321525655|5.0|I think is a practical guide to communicate an idea or a concept always in a different manner depending in our audience
B001W2I9Y4|5.0|If you buy into the whole fire, water, earth, sky pattern of mastodon albums..this is the perfect conclusion to that sequence. I never thought I'd ever find a great metal band again, but Mastodon has more than restored my faith in metal. The only thing I had a problem with was with the sound of Brann's snare...it does grow on you after a while, but I prefer his drum sound on the previous records, esply blood mountain.
B001TK80C0|2.0|Terminator 3: Rise of the Machines gave me new appreciation for the uneven television show Terminator: The Sarah Connor Chronicles. At least the show wasn't wasn't dull.<br /><br />The film started off well enough, with a grimness that fits in well with the original movie. But soon it becomes clear that was meant to cover for cruddy production values, stiff dialogue and uneven characterization. (It's a strange day when Arnold Schwarzenegger overacts in a part.)<br /><br />There's the illogical writing -- none of the characters find it strange that they can break into a top-secret military facility that seemingly has no guards around and no personnel at all -- and CGI-generated robot threats that change size based on how large or small their environs are.<br /><br />And then there's the conclusion. I know, it was supposed to be grim (and possibly set up a sequel, which I suppose it does, even though it's one in which everyone involved is disavowing the third movie), but it's delivered with no oomph, and what should be a horrifying moment instead elicits a \\"so what?\\"<br /><br />This is a rental at best, but even then, most casual Terminator fans would be better served skipping this one entirely and just going straight from T2 to Salvation. If you must bridge the gap, watch the television show instead of this dud.
0810979772|5.0|I bought this and other \\"Wimpy Kid\\" books for my grandson, and he loved them.  Buying for 12 year old boys is hard for me, but this was a winner.
0374531269|4.0|I read this book for a college course. It was a good book, not only for school but also casual reading. I am a little disappointed that it was limited to what we want to know about child soldiers. If he was to tell everything with passion and in his own view, it would have been better. I know some may say that I'm wrong and he did capture what he saw, but in today's world it's not possible. Most people have to alter their stories to fulfill what the world wants to see, hear, and feel. Don't get me wrong, it was a wonderful and powerful book about child soldiers in parts of Africa, but it could have been better.
B001PJRAUS|2.0|The movie was okay but not great. Jemima Rooper,for me, was not a good choice for the lead role in this movie. I found it hard to really care about her. This is not a movie I would watch twice. I've watched Pride and Predudice at least 25 times.
1582701709|5.0|I received The Secret in no time at all.  I would rate the seller andproduct as excellent.
B0000035GN|5.0|I only just discovered this band a few months ago, but ever since then I've been listening to them quite a bit.  Bakesale is definitely their best album that I've heard so far, and a great place to start if you want to check them out.  The songs are relatively short, very energetic, and quite catchy.  I can easily listen to this album many times in a row without skipping a track.  Stand-out songs are Together or Alone, Got It, and Magnet's Coil, but really the whole album is amazing.  If you like this one, make sure to also check out The Sebadoh, Harmacy, and Bubble & Scrape.
B001QWBM62|5.0|All has been already said (and written) about the excellent qualities of the H4n.<br /><br />I teach sound and acoustics at the Universidad Veritas' School of Cinema & TV in Costa Rica, and we were looking for a field recorder that is both portable and user friendly. The H4n is definitely the best option!<br />Both my students and myself enjoy greatly the capabilities and the many options offered.<br /><br />My only minor complaint is the \\"Mic clip adapter\\": since we use a lot of professional equipment in my sound classes, most of the microphone accessories come with a 3/8\\" thread. Why not have a 3/8\\" at the base of said adapter, so one can screw it directly onto a tripod / base / boom? Why the (flimsy) 1/4\\" thread on the bottom of the recorder?<br /><br />Maybe the next version (H4n II) will take care of that.
B00006CXSS|5.0|In my view, this is a miniseries that comes along once in a decade. Created by Tom Hanks and Steven Spielberg, in my view it lives up to their reputations. Incredible cast led by Damian Lewis, its hard not to feel involved with the story. The movie includes interviews with some of the real soldiers depicted in the story which is a factual account (pretty much)of the battles covered. I strongly recommend this series.  As an aside, Damian Lewis is in a new TV series called Life. Its about a police detective wrongly convicted of murder and vindicated after 12 years in jail. He receives a huge settlement for his wrongful imprisonment and goes back on the police force. Damian Lewis is terrific. Worth watching
B001N18HOQ|5.0|I never expected that a remixed version of \\"Ten\\" would ever be undertaken.  After all, I was never aware of audible outcry from fans over the past 18 years demanding a re-mix of Pearl Jam's debut album.  After reading an interview with Jeff Ament in which he expressed the same slight \\"annoyance\\" with the original mix that I have had all of these years, I was a surprised.  I wasn't sure if anyone else had the same small gripe that I have had, and to find out one of the band members was thinking the same thing all these years was pretty neat.    My gripe is best is best exemplified during track #3 \\"Alive\\" at   min  sec.    At this point it is clear just how much reverb is on the mix.  Reverb helps smooth and blend instruments and vocals together.  This is not a bad thing in and of itself, but the overuse of reverb smoothed out the grit and edge of these songs in my opinion.    Now que up  track # 3 \\"Alive\\" on the remixed version of the album at  min  sec.  WOW!!  I was blown away!!   I never looked forward to this point of the song knowing that the revealing of this reverb was taking serious edge off of all of the songs on the CD.  This was terribly apparent with the release of \\"VS\\" which has much more grit and edge to the sound.  I had always wished \\"Ten\\" had the same grit and edge because the playing on the album clearly demonstrated that everyone was playing with intensity, but the edge was subdued.  NO LONGER!!  Now you can enjoy \\"Ten\\" the way I wish it had initially been released.    Now, I cannot fault Brendan O'Brian or anyone else for the original 1991 mix, after all we were coming out of the 80's which produced some serious overuse of effects, EQing, etc in order to make recordings sound \\"contemporary\\" at the time.  Nowadays, many of these recordings sound very dated.  Listen to Sinatra from the 40s, 50s or 60s and while the music may be cemented in a specific genre which 50 years later may sound \\"dated\\" to some (not so to me though because I love Sinatra), the recordings sound natural, no artificial flavors added!!  I am so pleased to have this unexpected version of \\"Ten\\" which reveals the edge, grit and guts that the guys played with and which launched them to international stardom.    I send a hearty \\"Thank You\\" to Brendan O'Brian and the members of Pearl Jam for revisiting \\"Ten\\"!!  Crank the volume up the \\"Ten\\" and ROCK HARD!!    PS: Yes, the compression for loudness-sake is unfortunate but to be expected in this day and age.  I look forward to getting the LP version as well.  PPS: The DVD of the MTV Unplugged session is great to have!!
0525948023|5.0|This book was recommended to me by two people. It is an excellent book for people searching for. \\"What is going on?\\" Highly recommend for anyone over the age of 18.
B001FB4W0W|5.0|I just LOVE this series.  So does my Step daughter, step son and Hubby.    My daughter and I read the books which are just as awesome.  Even though the show is not exactly as the books they still have made some characters that were not as prominent in the books come to life (Such as Tara and Lafeyette).      Often they make series from books and its just not the same, but this is so wonderfully made I do hope the series sticks through it with all the books I love it!  I dont watch much TV but this one is great!      The acting is great so is the chemistry between the actors.  And they book great people that were quite close to what I pictured in the books (***** for The actor that plays Eric btw heh)    Lots of sex and violence so NOT for kids but great for us adults :)
0767020308|5.0|With Kate Beckinsale as the lead character, it would be difficult not to like it. I really would like to give it 4 1/2 stars, but that wasn't an option. I generally rate 5 stars for those movies that I would watch every few months. This one I would watch annually. Worth buying.
B000001FDP|5.0|Quite simply- a masterpiece. Somewhat symphonic in it's structure, it even has operatic overtones. Electronic sounds bubble-up from the depths of black space to occupy every part of the soundstage, accompanied by choral voices. Neither entirely classically orientated, nor 'new-age', this defies accurate pigeon-holing, which can't be a bad thing. For the electronic-music anoraks amongst us, it has to be pointed out that he plays a Yamaha CS-80, which is just about the most powerful and expressive electronic instrument ever built, even including todays instruments.  Go on- buy this album!
B001R0KH3W|5.0|After a long time wating, theres only one thing to say, Stevie Wonder is a genius, excelent performance, great songs, excelente audio and video image!
B0019LY5IM|5.0|I own all the seasons and will buy this one as soon as it comes out. This is my favorite show. Brilliant writing, acting , and storyline. Everything is starting to come together perfectly and the waiting was totally worth it. LOVE LOVE LOVE this show!!! I wish it wasn't ending next season.
031236198X|5.0|Great book. I would recommend this book to anyone that has a job or family. It presents a humorous way of looking at change and gets the point accross very well.
B001NESPHC|5.0|I bought this album on a whim, and I absolutely love it.  Her voice is incredible, the lyrics are fantastic.  I can do nothing but rave about this album.  Definitely worth it!
B001E2JNA6|5.0|Best Pride and Prejudice release. Forget the previous DVD releases, and fest your eyes on this one.   Fast shipping and in excellent condition!!
0688156819|5.0|I first read this book at the library and decided I just had to have it.  It is definitely Tim Burton's slightly macabre sense of humor.  The stick people illustrations are perfect for the poems.  Every Tim Burton fan ought to have this book!
B001E5FYS8|4.0|I remember this movie being at the theater, but I seldom see movies that way any more.  I just wait a few weeks for the DVD.  Anyway, a few months ago, I heard a movie reviewer saying that one of his favorite films of '08 was the documentary Man on Wire.  Well, I had to see it, and I was not disappointed.  I am buying Petit's book, as well.  The entire feat, start to finish, just blows my mind, especially the dedication and participation of these other people in his life.  They, too, walked on the wire.
B001TH16DS|5.0|So, let me get this straight: every episode in glorious hi-def transfers, in both the original AND remastered-with-new-digital-effects versions, plus the ability to switch back and forth between the two? Plus all the extras a fan could ever hope for? For HALF what a season cost on the ridiculously packaged DVDs? Have the suits finally decided to give the fans what they want? Have I died and gone to heaven? Give this treatment to the rest of TOS, TNG, DS9, and all 11 movies, and I'll have to accept that I've been absorbed into the Nexus. But it, buy it now.
B001RTP48G|5.0|YES! I wholeheatedly agree it is their best CD since Nightlife. I won't compare it to the greatness that is Very, but since Nightlife is my 2nd fave after Very, I'll use that as my reference point. I'll throw Bilingual in their since no one has mentioned what a strong CD it is.  Anyway, to say Yes is a soild CD is putting it lightly. Unlike \\"Release\\" and \\"Fundamental\\", there is not one, single \\"iffy\\" song on this one! It is already one of the best CDs so far this year and will remain there when this year comes to a close. It's hard to pick a favorite after just a couple listens, but I right now it's \\"More Than A Dream\\". They have to release this song!! I really can't say anything else that hasn't been said so far, except go buy this CD immediately.
B001JV5BIA|4.0|The new one doesn't even come close. This movie is very disturbing, even after over 35 years, it still packs a nauseating punch to the belly. This is not for kids.
B000025802|5.0|Being of Czech & Slovak heritage, I revere and adore Antonin Dvorak. As a used record store owner, I had access to unlimited versions of his symphonic works, and own many many many single disk recordings, and in addition own both the Kertesz & the Kubelik cycles.<br /><br />Why insist one is better than the other? I can tell you that Kertesz' gets my Bohemian blood coursing merrily through my veins, while Kubelik's makes my heart sing like a nightingale.<br /><br />And then there's the stunning 8th done by Carlo Maria Giulini and the CSO on DG back in 1979. It violates every rule of Slavic symphony interpretation, particularly in Giulini's characteristically laid back tempi. The final movement is about half the speed of Kertesz! But the attention to inner voicing and  detail, combined with the (at that time) unmatched virtuosity of the CSO, and the sublime sonic quality of the DG recording allow it to stand on its own as a valid intepretation.<br /><br />Every conductor and every orchestra, along with every sound engineer is going to put his personal stamp on any interpretation. The urge to rate them comparatively is almost irresistible, but let's not criticize what we don't understand, and get in the way of people's decisions on what to listen to!
B001RTP48G|5.0|Yes! They did it! Quintessential Pet Shop Boys in 2009. Very high quality album with everything a Pet Shop Boys fan may wish for. My favorite is \\"The way it used to be\\" - a really beautiful song, reminded me a little bit of nostalgic \\"Dreaming of the Queen\\" and \\"King's Cross\\" but with more beat. Definitely worth the money!
B001SO69IY|4.0|If you enjoyed Blackout by the tag-team duo of Red and Meth then you will surely jump right into Blackout 2. Yea, it's been in the works for the last 8-10 years or so, big deal, they sorta had other things going on. However, it was well worth the wait. Def' worth a listen, or two, or hell play it endlessly because its worth every bit.
B001VPJYZK|5.0|The five year jump at the end of Season 4 was an interesting way to wrap up the season.  I was worried that viewers would lose interest, but Marc Cherry pulled it off!  The storylines were great and we were introduced to the darkest mystery character that the show has ever had.  The final episode was filled with twists and turns and will have every fan on the edge of their seat if they haven't already seen it.  Kudos to Desperate Housewives!  Keep cranking it out!
B001FB4W0W|5.0|I've never read the books that this show was based on.  I don't care how close or how far it strays from the source material, AT ALL.  I don't care to read the books and I never will.  From what I've read regarding the books, it doesn't sound like something I would find to be an entertaining read anyway.  Apparently, the book is told entirely through the Sookie Stackhouse character's perspective with her commentary and female wistfullness to go along with it.  YAWN!<br /><br />Sure, this show is done primarily from Sookie's point of view, but there is no voice overs or inner-monologues conducted from her character.  Thank you.  Sookie is played by Anna Paquin, and I mention her first because she is one of the very major factors in why this show really works so well.  She is charming, charismatic and turns in a multi-layered and totally relatable performance.  She grounds this series, which is way out there in the realm of fantasy.<br /><br />This show was created and written by(with co-writers obviously) by Alan Ball(Ocar winner for writing American Beauty and creator of Six Feet Under).  Admittedly, this show isn't on the same level of greatness as Six Feet Under, but as a horror fan, the addition of vampires gives me a slight bias for it.  Also, it's so addictive and intriguing in its first season that hopefully the only places left for it to go in further seasons is up.  Hope does spring eternal.<br /><br />Vampire lore is instantly turned on its head just by the main premise.  In True Blood vampires are common knowledge.  They co-exist with humans and all are aware of it.  A Chinese company invented a synthetic blood drink called True Blood so vampires don't have to hunt on humans anymore.  So, essentially it's safe for vampires to come out of the closet.  Of course, if you're a versed horror/vampire nut you just know that there are some ornary vamps out there who just aren't down with changing their centurys' old ways.<br /><br />The main storyline comes from an intense and passionate romance between a living woman and a vampire.  Yes, this does sound a lot like Twilight, but unlike that puff piece this show examines the real conflict and danger that comes along with loving one of the undead.  The characters are all likeable or at least intersting, interesting to the level of frustration(Sookie's brother)who is the town's local man-whore and is quite the moron. Without his character's bad judgements this show would have far less conflict.  Plus, the way this season ended, his arch is truly one of the more intersting.<br /><br />Of course with all the show's originality and pure rawness we still have the usual cliche's of the Southern Gothic tale.  Everyone knows each other, but everyone also has many secrets they keep and will of course all come to the surface.  There's tons of southern fried humor and hospitality and great scenery common to this genre.  And of course we get the usual vampire stuff.  They're torn and tormented.  They've had tragic pasts, some of which lead them to their current undead status.  It's all old hat, but this show does us the favor of presenting it in an original way.<br /><br />The DVD is pristine, if light on the special features.  We get a bunch of mock True Blood adds and commercials, and one mockumentary regarding the man and vampire situation around the world.  Thankfully, we get about seven commentary tracks on selected episodes, commentary tracks are the only note-worthy special features on DVDs these days anyway.  Plus, for an HBO show the price is awesome.<br /><br />The only thing I can fault this show for is the political satire.  No, i'm not against it being in the show, I just think in moments it's a little on the nose for my tastes.  Then again, if you know the actual definition of the word 'satire', maybe it should be on the nose.  Anyway, sometimes the somber drama and the political satire come at odds in an uneasy tone shift.  It's not often but it doesn happen on a few episodes.<br /><br />This show is an HBO show so, and thankfully so, it's loaded with violence(of the non-exploitive sort) and kinky sex.  It's all done with the characters' personalities in mind so calling it anything close to soft-core would be ignorant or narrow minded.  It's a show made for grown ups.  Grown ups have sex.  Most grown-ups, well maybe not in this country, enjoy sex and hold it in high regard.  If you can't handle it, then I would suggest you wait for this show to run in syndication on AMC or Bravo, like The Sopranos, and watch it filtered of all the boobies, girating simulated sex acts, blood, and those foul and nasty words, which can't really hurt you and say nothing about your character if you watch, or dare I say, enjoy watching a show with characters that speak them.<br /><br />This show is too good to pass up.  This set is a good price.  At least rent it and taste what I'm talking about here.  Or don't....it's loaded with violence(of the non-exploitive sort) and kinky sex.  It's all done with the characters' personalities in mind so calling it anything close to soft-core would be ignorant or narrow minded.  It's a show made for grown ups.  Grown ups have sex.  Most grown-ups, well maybe not in this country, enjoy sex and hold it in high regard.  If you can't handle it, then I would suggest you wait for this show to run in syndication on AMC or Bravo, like The Sopranos, and watch it filtered of all the boobies, girating simulated sex acts, blood, and those foul and nasty words, which can't really hurt you and say nothing about your character if you watch, or dare I say, enjoy watching a show with characters that speak them.    This show is too good to pass up.  This set is a good price.  At least rent it and taste what I'm talking about here.  Or don't....
0312539517|5.0|I am always pleased when I order a product from Amazon.com.  Jeffrey Archer is one of my favorite authors and his books are  always \\"the best\\".
B001FB4VZS|5.0|i think is one off a good season of smallville  i can't wait to see de next season
031606792X|5.0|The last book pulled all the other books together.  Once I started reading I was not able to put it down.  The author has an amazing power of intrige that keeps you glued to the book.  I have read all her \\"Twilight\\" series books and they are all great.  I even read the one on Edward that is on her website.  That one too is spellbinding, its perspective from Edwards point of view and feelings helps you understand his actions.
B00008DDSC|1.0|I WATCHED A MOVIE CALLED THE PIANO TEACHER A FEW YEARS AGO AND WAS REMINDED OF IT WHILE THIS UNFOLDED IN FRONT OF ME. AWFUL; JUST AWFUL. IF YOU DONT GET THE WHOLE B/D OR S/M THING...WHATEVER IN THE *ELL WAS GOING ON IN THESE MOVIES(which i do not and never will) I CANT IMAGINE ANYONE WANTING TO SIT THROUGH AWKWARD MATERIAL LIKE THIS THAT JUST ISNT EVERYONES CUP OF TEA. I WONT SPOIL IT FOR ANYONE. LETS JUST SAY IF ANY SORT OF GETTING HIT FOR SEXUAL PLEASURE BOTHERS YOU....SKIP THIS SHOW.
B001MYIXAC|5.0|I just finished watching  a new horror film from Sweden.  \\"Let the Right One In\\" is a touching, beautiful film, even though it is a vampire story.<br /><br />I've never really warmed to vampire tales.  I usually prefer stories of hauntings and witches.  I'm one of the few who liked \\"The Blair Witch Project.\\"<br /><br />This new film actually reminds me of feelings I had as a child.  The mysterious friend who no one else could see, and who was only occasionally around.  The first bloomings of friendship and love.  The imaginary friend who could do anything.  The keeping of secrets.<br /><br />This is a film which resonates with those who had a rough time growing up.  It identifies with those who have a longing for intimacy.  It appeals to all who want to be an insider to someone special.<br /><br />The vampire is unlike any you will have seen.  She is young, lonely, and sad.  Or is she?  She is vulnerable, and yet powerful.  She claims not to be a girl, and yet she is clearly not a boy.  She is just different, and that is what appeals to Oskar, the troubled boy through whose eyes we see Eli and the cruel world of his childhood.<br /><br />This story shares more in common with after school specials of the 1970's than it does with the modern horror genre.  There is only the necessary amount of blood, and only the required bit of violence and terror.  The film is understated, and this is what gives it its power.<br /><br />We are so accustomed to seeing monsters cavort around the screen, and to elaborate scenes of predators playing with their prey.  We too often see a hideous monster which becomes overused and dull.  \\"Let the Right One In\\" is instead a minimalist horror.  A wonderful story, which happens to involve a vampire.<br /><br />It's not often that I find a film with such poignency.  I can't wait to see it again.
B001S86J1C|5.0|What a perfect John Hughes 80's masterpiece! Ferris Bueller's Day Off is one of my top 5 all time favorites. This Blu-ray is awesome where it counts most. The picture quality is the best this 1986 film has ever looked with a crisp clean presentation. The audio is excellent and exceeded my expectations. I really enjoyed the extras featuring the amazing John Hughes and cast. Overall, Bueller gets an A+. Take a day off with this inspiring 80's masterpiece featuring unforgettable performances by an exceptional cast. :)
B00062IDCO|5.0|This product was everything I had wanted and more.  It arrived sooner than I expected and was a delight to watch.  Will more than likely order seasons 4, 5 and 6 very soon.
0385341008|3.0|After hoping for some insight concerning a different geographical area as well as enrichment of my historical knowledge, I was disappointed in this book, especially the last third of it. It was very hard to distinguish between all the different islanders, and there was little or no narrative imperative to finish. I struggled until finally reading the last page and exhaled a grateful \\"good, what worthwhile book can I read now?\\"<br /><br />I really fail to see any reason for the amount of fame this title has engendered. Maybe it is just my own personal preference, but for a much better story of German occupation, Five Quarters of the Orange by Joanne Harris is far more satisfying. Even the unfinished Suite Francaise gives a more fascinating picture of wartime occupation.
B000OONQBM|3.0|information did not say that you needed a hd dvd player to watch this dvd
0007144350|5.0|I STOLE THIS BOOK FROM THE LIBRARY BECAUSE IT'S THAT GOOD!  I THEN BURNED MY LIBRARY CARD BECAUSE IT'S THAT GOOD!  I AM NOW A MURDEROUS THIEF BECAUSE IT'S THAT GOOD!
B001RQ0SJO|5.0|cant say anymore-hate to use the overused  11-letter 'M' word, but....  Ha! she has a pet bear it seems .....
B001YXVOU2|4.0|I think the songs on New Morning and the songs that were originally released on GH2 (such as Watching The River Flow, I Shall Be Released, etc) were created with such a great style of music. They produce a happy and laidback atmosphere and Dylan's voice is really good at this point!    If Not For You, New Morning and The Man In Me are great great songs!! One More Weekend is excellent with a great blues riff. If Dogs Run Free is phenomenal!! It's the only jazz tune I could find by Dylan. Winterlude, Three Angels and Father of Night are just okay but I like that they are included on this album.    Day of the Locusts, Time Passes Slowly, and Went to See the Gypsy have great melodies but he sings a little off key. Especially in Time Passes Slowly...I can't listen to it. You could throw Sign on the Window into this category but I think it gets a pass because it is such a beautiful song except for the \\"looks like there's nothing but rain\\" verse. It is such a great song and he ruins it.    I wonder if this was intentional throughout the album just so people wouldn't praise this album. Maybe Self Portrait was his kiss off album and he wanted to make something good to follow up, but not too good so he threw in some off key vocals just in case he became extremely popular again.    I would say 3 stars because of the off key singing but since I really love the style of music we will give it a 3.5 and round up to 4!
B00005AXEL|5.0|This is a fantastic cd from Stevie Nicks. It contains 12 great songs as follows:     1. Trouble in Shangri-La  2. Candlebright  3. Sorcerer  4. Panets of the Universe  5. Every Day  6. Too Far From Texas (featuring Natalie Maines from the Dixie Chicks)  7. That Made Me Stronger  8. It's Only Love  9. Love Changes  10.I Miss You  11.BomBay Sapphires  12.Fall From Grace    This is one of Stevie's Best CD's in my opinion, and I highly recommend it. Thanks!!!!
B000089CJI|3.0|\\"Give Up\\" was something I found as I was listening to my ultra-mellow station on Pandora.  The CD delivers exactly what I expected.  Mellow, soothing, electronic sounds with exceedingly pleasant vocals, and steady, move-into-the-background kind of beat.  It is a nice, relaxing CD.    What I didn't expect was stellar lyrics.  Ben Gibbard's poetic words are incredibly thoughtful, fluent and easy to understand while still carrying deeper meanings.  I find them to be engaging while not so incredibly cryptic that they're inaccessible.  They're playful and original.    So why only 3 stars?  Truthfully, I would have liked to give the album 3 1/2 stars, but there is no such option.  The truth is, unfortunately, that relaxing, soothing sounds with a noticeable but not blaring beat gets old pretty quickly for me.  Not that I don't like the CD in any way, but it somehow seems more fresh and unexpected when I hear it on Pandora as opposed to when I just listen to the entire album whenever I want.    Still, I'm happy I bought it, and if you're looking for something that's calming, thoughtful and original, I recommend you buy \\"Give Up\\" by The Postal Service.  I hope that's helpful!
B001BKG9SK|5.0|Con mucha admiracin encontr el presente disco en Amazon, la verdad desde hace tiempo quera adquirir el disco de estudio On An Island, pero al observar la presente opcin, me detuve a ver el contenido del CD y veo que adems de ser doble en audio, es un DVD tambin doble, WOW espectacular sorpresa, la tentacin ya era bastante grande. Si uno est familiarizado con la msica de Pink Floyd, slo debes de revisar el contenido del CD y del DVD para ver el listado de canciones incluido en los mismos, al revisarlos y luego escucharlo, puedo expresar las siguientes opiniones que espero sean tiles mis estimados compradores de Amazon; DISC 1. En l encuentras completo el disco On An Island en su versin en vivo, desde luego, un Cd con un material brbaro, me encant el contenido completo del disco, Castellorizon es una cancin instrumental con acorde de guitarra majestuosos, como nos tiene acostumbrados Gilmour, en Red Sky at night, observamos a Gilmour tocando el saxofn; y la otra cancin instrumental Then I close my eyes, es fantstica, con el acompaamiento del piano y el toque del saxofn de Dick Parry, hacen de ella una de mis canciones instrumentales favoritas de todas las que he escuchado, el material es buensimo. Como extras, en el inicio del disco, encontramos clsicas canciones del Dark Side of the moon, como Speak to me, breathe y time, en resumen un primer disco, maravilloso. Disco 2. Lo puedo denominar, el \\"de las grandes sorpresas\\", tres cosas me impresionaron desde que observ el listado de canciones, en primer lugar, la inclusin de Astronomy Domine, versin en vivo que nicamente recuerdo haberlo escuchado en el disco Pulse, pero que est incluida en el presente Disco, un gran acierto incluirla como un clsico del primer disco de Pink Floyd; segunda sorpresa, la cancin Fat Old Sun, la cual no recuerdo se encuentre incluida en algn disco en vivo de Pink Floyd, la que pertenece al disco Atom Heart Mother, siempre versinmuy fiel a su original; y la sorpresa ms grande de todas y particularmente creo que es la sorpresa ms grande del disco, es la versin completa de Echoes, quienes amamos la msica de Pink Floyd sabemos que es una cancin espectacular, con varios cambios de sonido y ritmo maravillosos, y quienes por primera vez la escucharn, es una cancin que de verdad les dejar cautivados, se disfruta enormemente el toque especial de los sintetizadores de Richard Right (QEPD); y por ltimo puedo agregar otra sorpresa, la cual no encontr viendo el listado de canciones, sino que lo descubr al escuchar el disco y es que Shine On You Crazy Diamon, Gilmour la canta en un tono y en una versin totalmente indita, la cual siendo honestos qued magnfica. Con respecto a los DVD's, en el primero encontramos el concieto en GDANSK que incluye canciones de todos los Discos 1 y 2, salvo algunas que no se interpretaron dentro del concierto, pero el concierto es realmente fabuloso. En el segundo DVD, vemos presentaciones en distintos lugares de David Gilmour interpretando distintos temas, muy buen DVD, me encant que incluyeran Wearing The Inside Out del albumb Division Bell; en conclusin, un paquete de discos espectacular, tengan en cuenta que tenemos adems de dos discos de audio, dos DVD, incluyendo la intepretacin completa del ltimo disco como solista de David Gilmour. Agreguemos a sto, que tambin lamentablemente para todo fan de Gilmour y Pink Floyd, adquirimos el ltimo material en el cual el Sr Richard Right demuestra sus dotes magistralse como tecladista, es ste el aspecto sentimental del paquete de discos. Puedo decirles que ste es un disco fabuloso, el cual personas que estn o no familiarizadas con las msica de Gilmour y Pink Floyd, lo van a disfrutar, porque realmente es un material muy buen, tanto en audio, como en efectos visuales en la representacin del concierto, la calidad de los msicos con los que Gilmour comparte el escenario es sobresaliente, teniendo en cuenta que tanto Guy Pratt, como John Carin y Richard Right, son msicos que forman parte de Pink Floyd, Phil Manzanera trabaj en el Division Bell y Dick Parry que ha sido el saxofonista de Pink Floyd desde Dark side of the moon si mal no recuerdo, as que eso nos garantiza la calidad en cuanto a la intepretacin artstica.
1572816295|5.0|These cards are very pretty and are printed on good quality stock. I'm very happy with my purchase.
B0015DYIH2|4.0|Personally I am unclear why this book is recieving negative reviews by fans of the series.  I loved the book, the ending and thought that Stephanie Meyer did a great job of wrapping everything up.  It is well worth the read and reading it on my kindle only made it better.  I certainly couldnt peak to find out any spoilers.!!
B00006LJ6X|5.0|Chicago were not only one of the most ambitious pop bands of the 70's but one of the buisiests. Between 1969 and this point the band had manage to tour almost consistantly but still manage to record five albums worth of innovative studio material.And guess what:1974 rolls around and the band is dropping 15 more cuts,a whole other double albums worth when they'd already made three double sets in the past.Even so it was all to their advantage. This is easily one of the most artistically satisfying and musicianly album Chicago has made,not to mention especially rhythmic.The first five tunes,which would take up one old vinyl album find the guys all pulling their songwriting pooling together for what is basically one of the finest funk-jazz records from this era.The afro-cuban percussion and cascading horns of \\"Prelude To Aire\\" and \\"Aire\\" really put this in the vanguard of some of the jazz/funk/rock free-for-alls since the earliest days of the band.The intro to \\"Devil's Sweet\\" alone,with Walter Parazaider's flighty sax solo over those great rolling drums really bring out the sense of \\"darkness and light\\" spirituality of the song,which actually gets pretty dark from there on in and keeps it up for ten minutes.\\"Italian From New York\\",named after a funny story involving percussionist Laudir DeOliveiar features some spacy (some harsher reviewersmight see them as gimmicky) electronics over this really tight jazz-funk rhythm.\\"Hanky Panky\\" is about the perfect vehicle for Walter Parazaider,Lee Longhanne and James Pankov a chance to blow away on their horns in this swinging jazz number.The peppy pop of Peter Cetera's \\"Happy Man\\" and Terry Kath's poetic \\"Song Of The Evergreens\\" showcase how much about vocal harmonies and complex pop arrangements they'd learned from Brian Wilson by touring with The Beach Boys;there's still that jazzy touch there with Robert Lamm's Fender Rhodes coming in and out. The hit \\"(I've Been) Searching So Long\\" is one of Pankow's great reflective ballads,very jazzy and with some excellent lyrics and that extends into \\"Mongonucleosis\\",this great jazzy caribbean street parade tunes with plenty of fanfare and party shouting from the players;you can tell everyone involved was having a blast on this one.\\"Bydlos\\",another great Kath tune and sadly no-hit single that turns out to be one of Chicago's great unsung tunes,no pun intended.Either way again it has a great rhythm.\\"Wishing You Were Here\\"....well I've heard it a million times but hearing it in the album contexts really brings out so much more in it;one of the reason I go more for original albums rather then compilations or boxed sets,especially during this era of music.My favorite hit song here has to be \\"Call On Me\\"-it just has everything that makes this album and Chicago special;the jazziness,popcraft and the great Brazillian percussion.It's one of the favorite hits they've done in my book.The album ends with two phenomenal funk jams in \\"Woman Don't Want To Love Me\\",with it's great wah-wah intro and Robert Lamm's rocking \\"Skinny Boy\\" which ended up being the title of his first solo album coming the next year. Considering the mid 70's was also the salad days of EWF,War,Mandrill,Santana and any of the genre busting,horn packed but commercially friendly bands we all remember fondly Chicago's music on this album and during this time was very friendly to the \\"united funk\\" era in which funk,rock,jazz,pop and different latin American styles could all coexist AND be popular at the same time. And considering how Chicago learned and adapted so much from this era of music.Not only that but the fact these guys can leave the self indulgence out of their music and create something both ambitious AS WELL as warm and welcoming. This represents one of Chicago's very greatest musical achievments and you'll find yourself all the happier for having heard it!eflective ballads,very jazzy and with some excellent lyrics and that extends into \\"Mongonucleosis\\",this great jazzy caribbean street parade tunes with plenty of fanfare and party shouting from the players;you can tell everyone involved was having a blast on this one.\\"Bydlos\\",another great Kath tune and sadly no-hit single that turns out to be one of Chicago's great unsung tunes,no pun intended.Either way again it has a great rhythm.\\"Wishing You Were Here\\"....well I've heard it a million times but hearing it in the album contexts really brings out so much more in it;one of the reason I go more for original albums rather then compilations or boxed sets,especially during this era of music.My favorite hit song here has to be \\"Call On Me\\"-it just has everything that makes this album and Chicago special;the jazziness,popcraft and the great Brazillian percussion.It's one of the favorite hits they've done in my book.The album ends with two phenomenal funk jams in \\"Woman Don't Want To Love Me\\",with it's great wah-wah intro and Robert Lamm's rocking \\"Skinny Boy\\" which ended up being the title of his first solo album coming the next year. Considering the mid 70's was also the salad days of EWF,War,Mandrill,Santana and any of the genre busting,horn packed but commercially friendly bands we all remember fondly Chicago's music on this album and during this time was very friendly to the \\"united funk\\" era in which funk,rock,jazz,pop and different latin American styles could all coexist AND be popular at the same time. And considering how Chicago learned and adapted so much from this era of music.Not only that but the fact these guys can leave the self indulgence out of their music and create something both ambitious AS WELL as warm and welcoming. This represents one of Chicago's very greatest musical achievments and you'll find yourself all the happier for having heard it!
031606792X|5.0|BOOK FOUR IS THE ICING TO THE CAKE... ITS WHAT YOUVE BEEN WAITING FOR TRUST ME... READ ALL 4... SUCH AN INTENSE STORY WITH PASSION AND LOVE... I LOVE IT IM OBSESSED.. IM KEEPING THEM FOREVER AND I WANT TO READ THEM ALL OVER AGAIN! GET THEM! AMAZON HAS THE CHEAPEST PRICES TOO!
B0000DERO9|3.0|Bilingual Limited  being Pet Shop Boys 10th album and their 6th of entirely new music and contained six singles. These being \\"Before\\", \\"Se a vida &eacute; (That's the way life is)\\", \\"Single-Bilingual\\", \\"A red letter day\\", \\"To step aside/Se a vida &eacute; (That's the way life is)\\" and \\"Somewhere\\". The booklet has all the lyrics and some interesting photos. This is an alright release and I give it 3/5.
B001GQACGO|4.0|Sasha Fierce.. what can I say.. That is the dumbest title for an album ever.   Who told her to pick that name?  Sasha Fierce sucks..What is she a mental patient with split personality disorder?  Get a god damn doctor.. anyway, I think the album is nice for the most part.   The ballads are different and original outside of Beyonces normal ghetto self.  On the second cd she claims it is more in your face.. street ghetto music.. like Diva.. she wants to keep her fans from Bday however.. that is stupid to me. because artists are supposed to grow.. not stay the same.. So she needs to leave the hood behind.. and Upgrade herself.  She should of done a complete album of music that she likes .. not music her .. split personality likes since.. Sasha already has Bday!
B000002U9W|3.0|Atom Heart Mother  being Pink Floyd 1970 release is an alright experimental rock album that is almost too experimental for its own good. It starts out with the odd 24 minute Atom Heart Mother that sounds more like a rock gig rather then a track and ends with the 12 minute long Alans Psychadelic Breakfast. I can honestly say that I like it but I am quite confused about this album as it seems a bit unfocused and confounding. The booklet is also a strange one with pictures of cows on the cover and inside the booklet. 3/5.
B000026OHN|5.0|You know, I am not real Bach fan, I like many other composers much more, but there are few recordings of Bach which are great, fantastic and have the place of honour in my (very large) collection. For example Goldberg variations with Gould and Tureck, anything with Casals whether playing or conducting, Milstein solo violin, Menuhin concertos, and of course this Well Tempered Clavier with Richter. I like also Gould and Barenboim, but the Richter version is by far the best, divine, otherworldly. It is once-in-a-lifetime recording, although it is true that Richter made quite a few once-in-a-lifetime recordings! The tenderness, vastness, insight, creativity, it is all there in plenitude. Quite a miracle. I believe that Bach would be very happy about this recording.
B00127RAJY|5.0|I've been using the DVD for almost a month now, I haven't lost 30 lbs, but along with dieting I did lose some weight.  Jillian gets you motivated to work out!
B001EOOQF6|5.0|While I grew up in the 70s listening to Rush, Rainbow and Black Sabbath and graduated high school in 1983, I had moved into a classical music phase before either Heaven and Hell or this album were released. About 5 or 6 years ago, I got nostalgic and started buying CD versions of the LPs I grew up with.  I then moved on to later albums from my favorite bands which I had never heard including all of Rush's albums, Sabbath's Heaven and Hell, and Dio's first few solo albums.  But my musical interests shifted again - this time toward jazz -and I did not actually get Mob Rules or Dehumanizer until a few weeks ago.  Well, I'm glad I finally did. I like both albums very much and consider them just as good as H&H.<br /><br />I agree with those who highlight The Sign of the Southern Cross.  However, I disagree with those who diss Country Girl; I think it features great guitar, bass, and drumming and that Dio's vocals on the song are outstanding, demonstrating his ability to be both tough and sensitive.  I admit that I don't understand the portion of the lyrics about sailing away on a crimson tide.  I also really like Falling Off the Edge of the World a lot.<br /><br />Like H&H, this 1981 album was produced and engineered by Martin Birch and featured Geoff Nicholls on keyboards.  The 2008 remastering features new liner notes that includes commentary from the band about the album and Dio's departure from the band during the tour that followed it.  Fortunately, the guys patched up their differences (twice!), releasing Dehumanizer in 1992 and then reforming as \\"Heaven and Hell\\" in 2007 and releasing a live CD that year and a new studio album, The Devil You Know, in 2009. They also both rock.
B001VPJYZK|5.0|I enjoyed Season 5 of \\"Desperate Housewives\\" very much. In a surprising twist, the fourth season of the series fast-forwarded five years at the end of the final episode. When Season 5 begins, Bree (Marcia Cross) is a successful author and owner of her own catering business, and recently welcomed her husband, Orson, back from prison. Gabrielle (Eva Longoria Parker) is financially strapped and is raising two young girls with her still-blind husband, Carlos. Lynette (Felicity Huffman) and her husband, Tom, are raising four troublesome children and struggling with their pizza parlor. Susan (Teri Hatcher) and Mike have divorced after a serious car accident destroyed their marriage, and Mike ends up shacking up with Katharine (Dana Delaney). Finally, Edie (Nicolette Sheridan) reappears on Wisteria Lane with a mysterious new husband in tow, who is hell-bent on a silent quest for revenge.<br /><br />Overall, this is a great season full of fun. Highlights of the season include Gabrielle's effort to regain her model figure, Orson's little problem with kleptomania, and Bree's surprising new love interest in the final episode of the season, which I know most people will probably hate but I find absolutely hilarious. Dave's storyline is fantastic and drives the entire season...this was definitely one of the best mysteries on the show so far. As usual, the season finale ends with a cliffhanger. I won't spoil it for everyone, I'll just say, it better be Susan under there! I can't wait for Season 6.
B001EOOQEM|5.0|Before writing this review, I first read some of the negative reviews here on Amazon.  It's clear that a small minority of Black Sabbath fans were unable to accept Ronnie James Dio in place of Ozzy.  They primarily seem to object to the shift in lyrics which were all written by Dio and are much more like those he wrote in Rainbow and his own band later.  They also find the music lighter and more mainstream than Ozzy-era Sabbath.    While I knew and loved the original Black Sabbath lineup, Rainbow was actually my favorite band when I was in junior high in the late 70s.  So, I already liked Dio a lot -- both his singing and his lyrics -- before I ever heard this album. Dio is such a dominant personality that Heaven and Hell does come across as more like Rainbow than Sabbath with Ozzy.  For me, that's not a problem and might even be a plus.  (Note that the album was produced by Martin Birch who also produced Rainbow's Rising and Long Live Rock 'n' Roll albums.)    While it is true that the lyrics are not tackling dark social issues, Dio is a good story teller.  I also think the songs are more varied and that Dio does ballads much better than Ozzy ever did.  I'm not saying that Sabbath is better with Dio than with Ozzy.  But I do think that Heaven and Hell is as good as the best Ozzy-lead Black Sabbath albums and the Rainbow albums that featured Dio.    Every song on this album is a winner.  There's plenty of energy throughout but also moments of tenderness and lyricism such as on Children of the Sea, Die Young, and Lonely is the Word.  This lyricism comes both from Tony Iommi's guitar and the high end of Dio's vocal range.  One trick I especially like is the way the title track speeds up in the second half.  I have the old non-remastered version of the CD, but Geezer Butler and Bill Ward both deliver plenty of punch on it on bass and drums.    One unappreciated fact about Black Sabbath is that an almost invisible fifth member, Geoff Nicholls, played keyboards both on this and subsequent studio albums and off-stage during live shows.  This gave Sabbath extra harmonic depth.  It might also be another factor making post-Ozzy Sabbath sound more like Rainbow which generally featured a 5 man lineup.  Nicholls' keyboards are especially prominent on Lonely is the Word.
B001F0VHEM|5.0|There's nothing I can add that the 143 other reviewers before me haven't said.  When Pink arrived on the music scene, most didn't know what to make of her.  Where did she fit in?  Her sound was always great, but was she hip hop, R&B, which genre was she supposed to go in?      Well, here we are years later, and Pink has proven that she doesn't belong in anybody's category; she's carved out a nice niche all her own.  She's graduated from a gimmicky dance songstress, to a full blown Rock 'n Roll Goddess.  This album is AWESOME!!  There's not one bad song on this CD, and it stays on rotation in my car and at home.  This woman was blessed with a set of pipes, and she knows how to use them.  I love seeing talented people, define themselves, instead of letting others define who they are.  I'm looking forward to her next album, I can't wait.
B001AVEJ1Y|4.0|*SPOILERS*<br /><br />For the most part I was impressed, but I was left a little confused and may need to see it again.<br /><br />I mean, was this a reboot or Star Trek: The Origin?<br /><br />If it was in fact a reboot, why was that necessary? If it isn't, why did it feel like one?<br /><br />To be totally candid, I am a casual Trekkie and prefer the eccentricity of the original series over the slicker incarnations.<br /><br />But as a comics fan, I have a deep respect for canon and the history and tradition it brings and know that new followers can be drawn into a shared universe without being alienated or alienating the already converted.<br /><br />Needless to say the special effects were absolutely superb, the first twenty minutes being one of the greatest cinematic thrillrides I have experienced in recent memory.<br /><br />And the casting was perfect. I got such a kick out of seeing fellow Gen X-ers take hold of these beloved, classic characters and make them their own, particularly actors who I hate to say never appeared in a movie I actually liked before.<br /><br />Simon Pegg was BORN to play Scotty, not some goofball in \\"Shaun of the Dead.\\"<br /><br />Harold Cho was BORN to assume the mantle of Sulu, not appear in another \\"Harold and Kumar\\" movie or other such frat-boy, bathroom fare.<br /><br />And who the hell else could have pulled off Spock but Zach Quinto? Again, talk about being BORN to play a role, talk about inspiring, and again, that extends to all who starred in it. Well done. In fact the acting was what made for the greatest scene in the film, one that didn't involve an ounce of studio wizardry.<br /><br />It was when Uhura trying to comfort a grieving Spock after losing his mother and his home planet, and it's revealed that they are in fact lovers. That to me was as breathtaking as any big space-opera battleship clash.<br /><br />Also, I think it's safe to say that Chris Pine has firmly established himself here, in his portrayal of James T. Kirk, as an action star for the next decade. Call me crazy, but he reminded be of Robert Conrad a bit, and was every bit the wild, two-fisted, skirt-chaser one would imagine a young Kirk to be.<br /><br />But the story? Um, it left me with somewhat of a headache.<br /><br />Time travel tales have a knack for doing that to me.<br /><br />Why did the old Spock have to meet the young Spock? Isn't that sort of thing really bad, as in paradox, as in unraveling all that was, is, and ever shall be bad?<br /><br />Sorry.<br /><br />Not that it hindered my enjoyment so much as to leave me disappointed as the closing credits rolled. To me, this installment wasn't really about anything more than how the Star Trek crew we all know got started. It wasn't about scientific, philosophical, or ethical questions. It wasn't intended to make you think. This is the new radio-friendly Trek, Trek done in true summertime blockbuster fashion, a Trek that people who don't dress up as Klingons will enjoy, and that's fine I guess, but...<br /><br />...I think the script could have been even better.<br /><br />I read about the various unrealized Trek films in the book \\"The Greatest Sci-Fi Movies Never Made,\\" and after watching this chrome-plated edition of the franchise, I'm left wondering what the hell would have been so bad about The  Academy Years concept? Am I also the only one who would have rather the makers of this film have used \\"The Planet of the Titans\\" script or Harlan Ellison's tale of a reptilian take-over of time and space? I think one of those concepts, merged with a \\"Year One\\" type of story, would have satisfied the hardcore fan's desire for a lofty, intellectual, grand, mythic epic and would have more than held a novice Trekkie's interest at the same time.<br /><br />However, despite my qualms, this is the Trek film that had to be made in order to inject the dying franchise with a new life. That alone is reason for any movie or genre fan to celebrate. In these uncertain, divisive times, we need Gene Roddenberry's optimistic, Utopian, very 60's (in style and spirit) vision of the future as much as we ever have. In that regard, Messrs. Orci, Kurtzman, and Abrams have certainly performed capably in what is essentially the celluloid equivalent of rescue mission. Thank you for saving a mythos. You have plenty of stories left to tell.rd, Messrs. Orci, Kurtzman, and Abrams have certainly performed capably in what is essentially the celluloid equivalent of rescue mission. Thank you for saving a mythos. You have plenty of stories left to tell.
B000089RVX|5.0|[[ASIN:B000089RVX Fallen]] Well i don't have to say much but agree with the rest of ppl who said this album is great, except one thing, this album isn't great but perfect, simply, love it.
159448385X|4.0|In this novel two wives of the same man become unlikely friends in turmoil-ridden Afghanistan. Mariam is the illegitimate daughter of a rich man and finds out the hard way where she stands with his family. Laila is twenty years younger with an educated father and seemingly bipolar mother. Both women end up married to the much older Rasheed, who is virtually the devil incarnate. I enjoy books in which there is a moral dilemma and shades of gray where right and wrong are concerned, but most of the characters in this book can be divided into clear groups of good and evil. For that reason, I think The Kite Runner is Khaled Hosseini's better book, but a lot of women disagree, perhaps because A Thousand Splendid Suns is primarily about women. Only Jalil, Mariam's father, straddles the line between good and evil. He is conflicted as he tries to balance his love for Mariam with his desire to protect his good name. His biggest flaw, like that of the protagonist in The Kite Runner, is that he is a coward, and this weakness has tragic consequences. Also, The Kite Runner has an event that defies reality, whereas this book is almost too real. The brutality that dominates these women's lives is unimaginable, although I don't doubt for one second that their situation was common in Afghanistan under the Taliban. The ending is fairly predictable and sentimental, but at least Hosseini's books offer some degree of hope.
1416550542|5.0|If I were to create a recipe for THE FORGOTTEN GARDEN, it would be \\"mix Setterfield's THIRTEENTH TALE with Byatt's POSSESSION and throw in a dash of Burnett's SECRET GARDEN.\\" A delicious concoction indeed! I saw this book in a bookstore and picked it up on a whim. I liked the cover and the story sounded interesting. Something about it spoke to me. I wasn't disappointed. I could NOT put this book down. I carried it with me everywhere hoping to find stolen moments in which to read it.<br /><br />THE FORGOTTEN GARDEN tells the story of a four-year-old girl named Nell who was found on a dock in Australia all by herself. The girl will not reveal her name and origins and is raised by a kindly man and his wife. She learns the truth of her origins on her 21st birthday and begins a quest to find her true identity that will last throughout her life and into her grand-daughter's life. The story takes us from Australia to England and back and forth through time as we are given tantalizing glimpses into Nell's story.<br /><br />BOTTOME LINE: HIGHLY recommended. There are times when I worry about liking a book because I fear it won't hold up to its promise. I wasn't disappointed this time. The book offers an intriguing family mystery while telling a story about the importance of roots and family and how it all affects our identity.
0393327345|5.0|First of all, I would not recommend this book to anyone who has seen the movie; they are very similar and in the deifferences, I think the movie did a better job. For those who want to read the book who have not seen the film, I would recommend it. The story is a fascinating analysis of a generation that has no cause and people who collectively need to find a fatherly figure.
B001F290E4|5.0|Great song selection and very enjoyable.  Good collection for people who enjoy soul or jazz
1905654294|4.0|I have seen quite a few reviews citing the writing style, plot lines, grammar, etc. as just not helping this book. That's probably true. I don't know mechanics of books. I do recognize this series for what it is, and wish more people would. This series is never going to be great literature, its simply a fun ride to go on. This is true of ALL the books. If you have expectations above and beyond that, its your fault, not Stephenie Meyers.  The same goes with the plot line. Yes, there were some pretty darn major plot twists. I highly recommend going into ANY book not expecting how things will turn out. It creates for better reading in the end.    If you've read the other three twilight books, you know you're going to read this one as well. If you haven't, you probably should not read this one as it'd just be very, very confusing.  Personally, I enjoyed this book, but I am able to let go of common sense for awhile to just enjoy the fun so to speak.    **SPOILERS BELOW**    There were a couple things I saw in other reviews I'd like to address. First of all, I don't know what Stephenie Meyer said in interviews. Maybe that's why I'm not bothered by the supposed break in canon. For those of us who read the books later, didn't watch the interviews, etc. it doesn't seem like there was one really.    Jacob and Nessie's relationship is not an encouragement of pedophilia. I can understand how some of you may see this, but really. Do you think Edward would let him anywhere near if THAT were the case? Its simply a case of love.  A little too convenient, but it rounds out the book nicely.    I admit I read some reviews before I read the book and was expecting a totally egotistical, self centered Bella.  To my surprise, Bella is no more self-centered than normal and honestly I don't think she's that egotistical either. Yes, she enjoys her new abilities but keep in mind this is written in the first person and what would YOU think if you went from a total klutz to vampire? No stray thoughts on it? You're more amazing than me in that case... It made it much more realistic to me to have those thoughts in there personally.    The final thing I'll throw in there was that I've seen complaints about Bella and Edwards relationship changing. It has changed, but the change was for the better. Yes, some of the tension is gone. For Edward and Bella this is a good thing. It doesn't mean the love is gone, the want is gone, it means that they can finally enjoy their love without problems for the first time. To me, its wonderful to see them put on equal grounding. I enjoyed seeing Edward's joy at how things turned out and Bella's surprise at how well things went.  Maybe I'm just a sucker for a happy ending, but it was nice to see things come full circle. For those who want more books, trust me it is much better to have something end on a high note than to have it drug out so long that it is no longer enjoyable.    This book got 4 stars from me. Really it probably only deserved a 3 star, but I'm adding an extra in for it fulfilling what it promised to be all along, a fun ride.
B001RTP3Z0|5.0|If you're a fan of Leonard Cohen, or need an introduction to his work, I recommend this DVD. This London show is basically the same show that he is performing on his current tour of the US, if a bit stripped down.    If you are not able to catch a show on the current tour, then this is the next best thing. Leonard, in his 74th year, is amazing and the musicians that back him are brilliant. The 3 backup singers, Sharon Robinson and the Webb sisters, are wonderful.    As mentioned in previous reviews, the songs represent a specrum of Leonard's 4 decade career. His voice has deepend and become more husky over the years, but is still very literate, emotional and beautiful. You might want to get some of his early CDs to contrast the change in voice...both are appealing in different ways.    Easy 5 star rating for this DVD.
B001TH16DI|4.0|I pre-ordered this at Movie Stop a week before its release. With trade ins I only ended up paying around 55 bucks for it. The picture of these discs are of amazing quality. Despite the whining of excess DNR, the images are very clean and highly detailed. If the finished product looks leaps beyond the past but requires a little grain reduction, then I don't think there is a problem. The 7.1 TrueHD audio is astounding. Not only during action scenes, but even rear audio contains great atmospheric effects during more subtle scenes. Yes, Paramount will most likely re-release these in the future (and I bought these knowing this) but for now, they are quite satisfactory for Star Trek and blu-ray enthusiasts.
B0000C9V3T|4.0|Excellent soundtrack! The only flaw is it doesn't include the song \\"Death Rides a Horse\\" aka \\"Da uomo a uomo\\" which is the song played right as Beatrix is about to cut off Sophie's arm.
B001TH16DI|4.0|I too was a bit concerned when I read some of the reviews of this set here on Amazon. I was afraid I would pop this Blu-Ray into my player and be totally disappointed by a lackluster presentation. I've seen the screenshots and I started to worry that I wasted $80. I was wrong.<br /><br />Before I continue, know I haven't evaluated all six movies in the set. I started with the oldest - Star Trek: The Motion Picture. It was an experience. I said \\"Wow\\" to my television. I've seen this movie countless times on VHS & DVD - I know this movie and I was immediately impressed by what I was able to see. The V'Ger cloud now has levels of detail that give the image depth - something I'm sure I would have noticed had I been lucky enough to see this one in 35mm on the big screen. Can't say the same for my DVD. I felt like I was watching this flick for the first time.<br /><br />I can't wait to make it through the rest of the set - with Part II being the crown jewel. If you're on the fence trying to decide whether or not to get this set because you've read it looks horrible - RELAX. It's WAY better than DVD. Will they release special editions later? Possibly - it's the nature of the business. However, if you're in the mood to enjoy original Trek movies in your home theater in very fine quality - you can hardly do better. Why deprive yourself of a good time?
1416914307|5.0|City of Glass, third and final installment of the Mortal Instruments trilogy, lives up to the standards that the previous two (City of Bones and City of Ashes) have set.    The book starts with Clary on a mission, one that will require her to travel to the City of Glass, the ancesteral home of the Shadowhunters. However, entering the City without permission is a crime, one that is punishable by death. The only way for Clary to enter the City is through a portal, and the warlock Magnus has agreed to create one for Clary and the Lightwoods to enter. The only issue is, Jace doesn't want Clary to come with them because he thinks it'll be too dangerous, and so he lies to her about the departing time.    Clary eventually finds her way to the City herself, making a portal with the runes that she is able to create. When she gets there, she finds things to be in a mess. Jace still doesn't want her there, and somehow, her best friend Simon has been thrown into a Shadowhunter prison!    And Jace and Clary's relationship continues to develop despite the taboo surrounding it. But then Jocelyn makes a startling revelation, one that could make or break Jace and Clary.    And along with that, once Clary is in the City, she finds things have taken a turn for the worst, with Valentine's evil plots coming to a head causing a war that will require everyone to do their part to win.    The final book in the Mortal Instruments, City of Glass ties up everything neatly, with a satisfying conclusion.    More characters are introduced in this novel as well as further development on the ones already part of the story. For one, we get to meet Valentine's other son. He and Valentine really do make a perfect evil pair. Both are pretty terrific villans, charismatic yet completely horrible. The type with no chance of redemption. They really pushed the story forward, with the tension they caused with their horrific plans.    Simon plays his important role in the book as well. I think he really grewas a character in this novel, he's gone so far from simply just being Clary's loyal best friend. He takes his own part in saving everyone from Valentine and his nefarious plans and also takes the steps to his own happy ending.    Jocelyn finally woke up (not really much of a spoiler, since it's the end of the series...it kind of had to happen) and I really enjoyed reading about her while she was awake and learning about the things that she revealed when she woke up.     Clary and Jace continue on their up and downs together, they're still drawn to each other despite the \\"sibling\\" issue that continues to eat away at them. They have quite a few great scenes together, their longing is palpable in each scene together.     And the ending? I can't say that I'd want it any differently. Cassandra Clare did wonders with it. Not all evil can be erased and that's not what happened. But she managed to tie it all up nicely, with a satisfying conclusion. (Though I think most fans are pretty sad that we won't be reading about Jace, Clary, Simon and the rest of the gant anymore...)    Overall, City of Glass is a terrific conclusion to a great series. Be sure to pick this one up, it's at a bookstore near YOU!
B001FB4W16|4.0|It's an interesting conceit of TV producers that no matter how much they tell you they love a particular book (series), they'll still change things quite drastically when adapting them for the screen.  With True Blood, what we are getting is about half of the author's original story mixed in with producer Alan Ball's notion of how to improve that story, and how to make it more suitable for television.<br /><br />The main difference in True Blood from the original books is how the supporting cast fits in.  The books focus much more tightly on Sookie Stackhouse, but the TV show brings several characters from the background of the books into co-star status.  The most notable example is Tara, who is basically a completely new and different character from the one who appears in the books. The other two big examples would be the larger part that Sookie's brother Jason plays, and the new character of Amy Burley, his girlfriend.  The other characters are tweaked around a bit here and there, but for the most part remain similar to the original versions.<br /><br />My guess would be that the producers are afraid to focus a TV show on a single character the way that the books do. If a show focuses on one character, and a viewer doesn't like that character, they won't watch the show. But making the supporting cast more prominent gives viewers more choices to find a character they like that will keep them watching.  Or at least, I guess that's the theory.<br /><br />Plotwise, the first season of True Blood is a combination of the first book of the series with a pair of new storylines that serve little purpose except to provide a reason for the increased prominence of the secondary cast.  The first of these is basically \\"Tara's Life\\" and it's not so much a story line as a series of unfolding events.<br /><br />The other new story line is Jason Stackhouse's addiction to \\"V\\", or vampire blood, and his relationship with Amy Burley.  The concept of \\"V\\" was introduced in the beginning of the first book, but never played a major role in the storyline there.<br /><br />Frankly, I could have done without the new storylines. They're just filler and do nothing to advance the main plot. I would have rather watched half-hour episodes that focused on the original storyline.layed a major role in the storyline there.    Frankly, I could have done without the new storylines. They're just filler and do nothing to advance the main plot. I would have rather watched half-hour episodes that focused on the original storyline.
B001PPLJIQ|5.0|Kate Winslet won the Academy Award for Best Actress for \\"The Reader,\\" and the film was nominated as well for Best Picture, Director, Cinematography and Adapted Screenplay.<br /><br />The film is beautiful and touching, brutal and distressing.  It raises issues that range from uncomfortable to horrific, but it does so with an even-handed view.<br /><br />The story begins in 1960 Germany.  David Kross plays Michael Berg starting at age 15.  He contracts scarlet fever and becomes ill trying to make his way home.  A kind and practical woman helps Michael get home, first washing away his vomit outside her door.<br /><br />It takes several weeks for Michael to recover, but once he does, he returns to thank the woman.  Her name is Hanna Schmitz and, although twice as old as Michael, she is still beautiful.  She awakens sexual feelings in the teenager.<br /><br />He makes a few awkward teenaged attempts at courtship.  When she realizes his actual intention, she offers herself frankly and sexually, but not romantically or intimately.  These scenes include a significant amount of nudity on the part of both Kross and Winslet, and it would not be a stretch to say that Hanna crosses a boundary of propriety.  But Hanna also has Michael read to her.  He reads \\"The Odyssey\\" and \\"Huckleberry Finn\\". Comically, she scolds him for reading \\"Lady Chatterley's Lover\\" to her while they are in a bathtub.<br /><br />Hanna is a toll-taker on the trolley.  Their affair lasts through the summer and Michael's 16th birthday.  Hanna receives a promotion, a desk job, with the transportation company, and abruptly packs her things and leaves.<br /><br />Michael does not see her again until eight years later, when he is a law student.  As a part of his training Michael goes with his classmates and professor to a war crimes trial.  There Michael is stunned to see Hanna again.  She is on trial as one of the chief female guards at Auschwitz.<br /><br />A film that initially seems almost soft-porn becomes a film about people who do nothing, or even willingly participate, when an evil as great as Hitler's final solution appears in their society.  Hanna was not Hitler, or even one of the senior Nazis.  In her testimony, she makes it sound as if working with the SS was only a job.  In a fine scene Winslet passionately asks the court \\"what would YOU have done\\" and this scene made me ponder this question in a way that a hundred previous films or documentaries had not.<br /><br />Michael discovers a key piece of information during the trial.  While not exonerating Hanna, it may mitigate her sentence by almost 20 years.  He is torn.  Hanna also has the same information, but she is not using it to save herself.  Should Michael?<br /><br />Ralph Fiennes plays the adult Michael, and with every gesture he shows that Michael has been tormented by the experience.  In the final scene Fiennes comes to New York to meet a woman who survived Auschwitz and was one of the key witnesses in Hanna's trial.  The woman, played by Lena Olin, is appropriately suspicious of Michael and his motives.  In this scene we find neither absolution for Hanna or relief for Michael's torment.  But we do find a modicum of understanding, and common ground.  In a world with so many diverse cultures and opinions, finding even that seems a significant accomplishment.articipate, when an evil as great as Hitler's final solution appears in their society.  Hanna was not Hitler, or even one of the senior Nazis.  In her testimony, she makes it sound as if working with the SS was only a job.  In a fine scene Winslet passionately asks the court \\"what would YOU have done\\" and this scene made me ponder this question in a way that a hundred previous films or documentaries had not.    Michael discovers a key piece of information during the trial.  While not exonerating Hanna, it may mitigate her sentence by almost 20 years.  He is torn.  Hanna also has the same information, but she is not using it to save herself.  Should Michael?    Ralph Fiennes plays the adult Michael, and with every gesture he shows that Michael has been tormented by the experience.  In the final scene Fiennes comes to New York to meet a woman who survived Auschwitz and was one of the key witnesses in Hanna's trial.  The woman, played by Lena Olin, is appropriately suspicious of Michael and his motives.  In this scene we find neither absolution for Hanna or relief for Michael's torment.  But we do find a modicum of understanding, and common ground.  In a world with so many diverse cultures and opinions, finding even that seems a significant accomplishment.
0975991477|2.0|This Book seems more like a Biology text book. Mr. Lipton uses a lot of scientific terms, making the book not only hard to read (for non-biologists) but also boring. For most of the scientific terms used, he does not provide an explanation. The long title of the book does not agess with its contents. It does not get to the point. The author takes a lot of space just teeling about himself than anything else. I think a more simple language (language for the average person) would make this book fascinating.
B001FB55HG|4.0|I terminated 2.5 hours of my overcast afternoon to get to and wait in line for the sneak preview of Terminator Salvation, so I figured that I might as well try to get my review up tonight to help people make an informed, spoiler-free decision this weekend. I know I waited about the length of movie in line, but I did walk into it knowing what to expect and I got exactly that: a summer blockbuster action movie.<br /><br />The plot is basically what you think it is given the plots of the first two movies (the third one doesn't really count in the continuum of this movie's timeline, from what I remember of it). In the future, the government contracts Skynet for defense technologies, which creates robots that end up becoming self-aware and decide that humanity is a threat on \\"Judgement Day\\" and start trying to destroy the entire human population. Unlike the first two movies, which take place because robots from the future travel back in time, this one takes place in the middle of the war with John Connor right in the middle of the resistance as they prepare to attack Skynet. If I tell you any more than that then it would spoil what little there is to be spoiled (but the trailer does spoil quite a bit).<br /><br />It's really easy to pick apart this movie. Let's face it: it's a hardcore action movie. No one is going to see it for quotable dialogue. Sadly, you never really connect to the characters so you don't care much about them. Character development is slim-to-nil, even with the leading role of Christian Bale as John Connor. Some of the supporting characters give predictably weak performances, most notably Common (although he is very good at hip hop). The only characters I ever felt myself caring about were Sam Worthington's and Moon Bloodgood's. I'm not even going to get into the scientific impossibilities or inconsistencies in the movie, or its strange idea of time (which differs with Lost and Star Trek). Of course, no one is going to this movie for a character study though or scientific accuracy, so to critique those points would be dumb. You're really going because you want to see evil robots trying to kill people.<br /><br />You will definitely see a lot of that. Those robots get pretty creepy, so if the robot apocalypse scares you excessively then this is definitely not the movie for you. Seriously, the robots are creepy, and there are some startling moments (not a whole lot, just a few). I definitely don't think the movie is appropriate for any kids younger than 13 (though I think even 15 is kind of pushing it). There's no sex or excessive gore, but there's plenty of violence and the robots are eerie. The dystopian future it paints can just be a lot to handle for a young teenager.<br /><br />Anyway, the action is definitely stellar. There's also a lot of it. It reminds me of Mission: Impossible 3 since the breaks between action scenes are few and far between, and each action scene is ridiculously intense and has you very anxious. I have to admit that it's a bit of a stressful movie to watch after a full day of work, but it's still fun. The only criticism I can viably make about the action is that at times the characters didn't seem sufficiently scared about the situations they found themselves in, but I could believe that they live in a world where the stuff that happens in this movie just doesn't phase them anymore because they've been totally desensitized to it.<br /><br />I was sitting in the very front of the theater and I didn't notice any crummy CG. Whatever CG they had was actually pretty believable. They do an incredible job of creating a world and a reality that you believe could happen. I seriously found myself pondering what I'd do to deal with the robot apocalypse at points in this movie. I really wished they took it a step farther and covered a little bit further some of the ethical/logistical issues they touched upon with regard to robots rather than skirting them or handling them awkwardly, but I knew thatit really wasn't that kind of movie.<br /><br />Overall, I really enjoyed this movie. I'm not the pretentious film critic who's going to give this movie an F just because it wasn't the best movie of the year. Sure it didn't measure up to Watchmen or Star Trek, but it was a solid action movie. We live these super busy lives where we don't take a whole lot of time to stop and just rest and enjoy something, and I think that Terminator Salvation, ironically enough, gives us something to enjoy as a fun experience. Assuming that you don't think you're going to have nightmares about the robot apocalypse, I definitely recommend seeing this movie while it's in theaters. I've seen better action movies so I have to give it a solid B-, but I still think it's a very worthwhile B movie.Overall, I really enjoyed this movie. I'm not the pretentious film critic who's going to give this movie an F just because it wasn't the best movie of the year. Sure it didn't measure up to Watchmen or Star Trek, but it was a solid action movie. We live these super busy lives where we don't take a whole lot of time to stop and just rest and enjoy something, and I think that Terminator Salvation, ironically enough, gives us something to enjoy as a fun experience. Assuming that you don't think you're going to have nightmares about the robot apocalypse, I definitely recommend seeing this movie while it's in theaters. I've seen better action movies so I have to give it a solid B-, but I still think it's a very worthwhile B movie.
B001FB4VZS|5.0|I did not miss an episode this Season and I could not have been happier...my favorite things were Lois and Clark getting more time together *Especially those calls she got from the \\"Red-Blue Blur\\"*...Jimmy's turn on Chloe, no matter how much it upset her..*I'm bizarre and thought it was funny* And Doomsday..oh Doomsday..the best character in Smallville history, at least to me :) I recommend this Season to any Smallville fan, you won't be disappointed, every episode either makes you laugh, cry, or scream..the finale was not to much of a let down for me, I liked it..I think it was good acting on all sides and the writers just blew me away..my only hope, is for a Doomsday action figure
078322608X|4.0|This is the movie that made me look at Brad Pitt in a different light.  His acting was excellent in this movie.  His portrayal of a mental patient had me a believer.  The mention of a virus infecting everyone is even more relevant today ie. swine flu, avian virus etc.. Is it so impossible to believe we may not be able to live on the surface of the earth due to man's ravaging of the earth's resources?   I still was not able to figure out how he was the little boy and the main characteer, but oh well.
B0024F08RO|4.0|I have been a fan of Prison Break from the begining and this last season is a great way to end the show! Almost perfect in everyway.  The only thing I didnt like was that in season 1 they said that Mike's mom died of liver cancer, while in this season they say a brain tumor.  And the fact that they removed all of Mike's tatoos in about 15 seconds was a little angering too.  Besides those minor things Season 4 brings all the action and adventure from past seasons back in full force!    In conclusion: there are a couple of mediocre episodes but nothing to really complain about. Its a great season with a great cast and you gotta see how it ends!
B000003N7Y|4.0|Rarely was anyone, especially back in 1963, able to take big band and swing elements like these and whip up such compelling compositions. Mingus was one of the few back then bold enough not to be dictated by conventional structures but instead become liberated from them, even when reinterpreting past works.
B00007L4MJ|3.0|It took a while, but I finally received word from a representative from the Murnau Foundation, who owns distribution and restoration rights to the recently discovered print of \\"Metropolis\\" in Buenos Aires, that work on a restored (and almost whole!) version will be completed (hopefully) sometime in early 2010. No specific day given as DVD and TV rights have to be finalized as well. This should prove worth the wait. They do other great work in film restoration, and we should all take a minute sometime to thank them for their efforts.
B000005ILF|4.0|This has a fairly bad rap. It does center around mid-tempo numbers that may not immediately jump out, but also contains some of his best cultural dabblings to date. It is Sting doing what Sting does best, essentially.
B001MYIXAC|5.0|Occasionally, a great new film about the dark sides of childhood or early adolescence appears ... JEUX INTERDITS, NIGHT OF THE HUNTER, CITY OF LOST CHILDREN,TO KILL A MOCKINGBIRD .. this is the first great one of the 21st century to join the list.  Unique, alarming and an instantly recognisable \\"classic\\" film.   Please avoid any USA remake!
B001WCN23W|5.0|By my count, this is the 3rd CD release of 1971's classic Sticky Fingers album. Remastering is the only degree of separation here and the sound is really good. To my ear, the remastering team focused on Mick's (and Keith's) vocals and they are much clearer and more distinct in the overall mix. You can also better distinguish individual instruments and there is better separation. I also agree with one of the other reviewers that the bass is more pronounced in these remasters as well.   Sticky Fingers is of course a Stones classic and a rock classic as well. This was the first full album featuring Mick Taylor and the sound is ragged, loose and inspired on cuts like Brown Sugar, Bitch, Sway and Can't You Hear Me Knocking. In addition, Jagger/Richards produces some really memorable ballads like Wild Horses and Moonlight Mile.
B001DE29SS|5.0|Charlie Chaplin has been a remarkable comedian for all to see on silent film. Without a voice he could display a range of emotion. Chaplin is a wonder of fun, the rag of a man trying to survive daily life, running into daily obstacles, but reacting in comedic ways to get out of his predicaments. This movie opens your eyes to the man behind the comedy, while you still get to see Robert Downey Jr. play the comedian as we know him, and love him. I suggest this film for all Chaplin lovers.
B001AKJ97O|5.0|Discovered Adele from Ugly Betty cameo and her one song started me on a mission to buy them all.
0316044695|5.0|After reading about these seals in the paper and finding out this book existed I sought out purchasing it. This is a book you can't put down the whole book is an unbelievable story of a seal team that was compromised during a recon mission.  The insurgents outnumbered them and each one fought for their lives.  The Capt on the team received the medal of honor as he should for his actions peformed during a firefight with the insurgents.  I will not ruin the plot but I guarantee that everyone will enjoy this book.  I read through this book in one day and I'm about to read it again. The story is unbelievable and we should all say thank you to this team and every other military member who lost their lives defending our country.  I think that this book will make everyone feel the same way.  Freedom is not free but I don't think it would exist without the strong willed fighting of the Navy Seals.
B001GKJ2DY|4.0|While Mamma Mia! won't rank among the great cinematic events, it is certainly enjoyable, fun, and escapist fare. This ensemble cast appears to have a lot of fun in performing the ABBA songs. There are some delightful scenes, especially Julie Waters (\\"Take A Chance on Me\\"), Christine Baranski (\\"Does Your Mother Know\\"), and Meryl Streep and Pierce Brosnan (SOS). This is a movie where you can sit back and smile, laugh, and perhaps sing-along (if you're at home). Don't approach the movie with high expectations; accept it for what it is and you'll find it very entertaining.
B001NFNFNU|5.0|I'm surprised I've never heard of this story before being that I'm from california.  Angelina Jolie playing the mother role has determined her son is missing, during a time of corruption in the police department a boy resembling her son is returned to her.  She immediately recongizes that this is not her son and fights to notify the world that her son is still missing.  This movie inspired me to research the story online and it is all completely true.  I believe you would be very happy with the purchase of this movie.
B001GKJ2DY|5.0|I thought this movie was a blast.  I remember hearing the Abba songs years ago, and as the songs appeared they would bring back fun memories.  But what I really liked was that the songs were incorporated in a true musical style, to advance the story line and give insight into the characters.  The actors all delivered their songs with such heart and energy, not in a corny \\"Disney High School Musical\\" fashion, but in a joyful burst of emotion, as if singing were as natural as talking to them.    Meryl Streep's voice was a true joy.  She gave me shivers with her delivery and style, especially \\"The Winner Takes it All\\".  The other singers were also top notch, except for Pierce Brosnan.  And while his voice may leave a bit to be desired, he made up for it with spirit and heart!  And everyone looked like they were having a great time with it, no plastic Barbie smiles or cheesy performances.     And not only was it fun for me with my Abba reminescences, but my teenage daughters loved it as well.  We have enjoyed sharing it over and over.  Hurray for a new musical that I could enjoy with my girls, unlike many of the other musicals of recent years, ie Sweeney Todd, Rent, Chicago, Moulin Rouge. Hey Hollywood, bring on more like this one.      (For parents, the PG was for the basic premise of the story, that Donna did not know which of the three men was the father of her daughter.  Also there was some other content, including a brief glimpse of a bare male bottom, some homosexual dance partnering, and social drinking.  There was one drug reference, with the singer miming smoking a joint and looking cross-eyed while the singing \\"the night is young and the music high.\\"  All very small and totally unnecessary for the plot, they were probably just stuck in to insure the PG rating.)
B000W7JWUA|3.0|Takes quite a while to unsnap the pieces and fit them together. The thickness of the parts could be larger and there is no help in how to store the pieces in the box. But the game is great. Get on the web and follow the video tutorial that has a simulation of players starting the game. Then grab some friends, have them watch it and have a great time (about the third time you play). Not an easily adaptable game for two players but, again, there are hints on the web.
B001VPJYZK|1.0|This was the WORST season of Desparate Housewives. They completely massacred the characters. They're all just so different from the characters we've grown to love.
0553277472|1.0|This book has been in the pop culture library for so long I decided it was time to see what the fuss was about.     Based on reviews I expected an introduction to the author's philosophy propped up by a bit of story and anecdote. Instead, it's a very dense 400 pages of what amounts to ranting.     I'm not a student of philosophy, so any concepts need to be presented to me in a simple and relatable format. In some cases Pirsig is successful in this attempt, using analogies (frequently involving motorcycles of course)to present his ideas. But these cases are few and far between. More often he simply invents a phrase and spends the next few pages expounding on his invention without any attempt to ground his ideas.     And to speak from ignorance: he's not a very convincing philosopher. It starts off promising enough with a basic overview of the distinction between classic and romantic principles (though again, not being educated on the subject I have no idea how accurately he portrays this material) and the desire to unite these seemingly contradicting modes. As soon as his overarching concept of \\"Quality\\" is introduced as a means to that end however, everything goes downhill rapidly.     \\"Quality\\" to Pirsig is a primal force which infuses, or perhaps even creates every internal and external event and allows us to instinctively sense worth, be it in a piece of art or the act of changing oil on a motorcycle. At least that could be a definition except for the fact that Pirsig's Quality theory is by his own admittance undefinable.     His early test of this theory is to allow the class that he teaches to grade each others' work before exposing them to the knowledge necessary to intellectually evaluate the papers. Since the students' grading agrees with his own then surely this is evidence that we all have some sixth sense which allows us to interpret the intrinsic value of everything we perceive... Except at this point Pirsig admits that this experiment is invalidated bythe number of variables and the possibility that his students might not represent a diversified enough sample to be statistically meaningful. He specifically states that a group of students with different backgrounds might have had a conflicting opinion of the Quality of their peer's essays.     This does nothing to deter the protagonist (if he can be called that) of our story. He acknowledges the deficiencies of logic in his own theory yet does absolutely nothing to address them, unless you count the dismissal of logic as an argument (much like the lack of definition is used as a definition of Quality). Pirsig presents his hero as a genius of both scientific and philosophic rationality, yet he displays neither of these characteristics at any point in his \\"Chautauqua\\".    Besides my gripes with the underlying message of the book there are plenty of other structural flaws with the work. The background story is just that: background, with little color or life to draw in the reader. The pacing is glacial at best, but since the plot is nearly nonexistent this may be considered moot. There is a spark of hope when the protagonist's dark past begins to unravel but that hope is quickly extinguished by the increasingly self righteous monologues. Apparently his serious mental illness should not be taken into consideration when you're listening to his ideas on the sum total of reality.    In short: I would not recommend this book.
B00005N6KG|1.0|I recently purchased this headphone set because it fits in the ear over the head.   I have used it only one month and it is not working properly; the connection at the jack is losing contact.  I have used it very slightly and would not reccomend it.
B001AVEJ1Y|3.0|This movie isn't terrible and by Star Trek movies' abysmal standards it is a real triumph.<br />If your curious to read an honest response from a less overwhelmed film goer, be my guest...<br /><br />Criticisms-<br />In my HUMBLE opinion, the story is kinda weak. Star Trek is more space opera now than science fiction. I always thought the original Star Wars was a great space opera and Star Trek, when done well, was better as geeky, heady sci-fi. (Wrath of Khan, notwithstanding.)<br /><br />Nero is \\"disturbed\\" and an idiot. Just another uninteresting one dimensional villain (although passionately played by talented Eric Bana).<br /><br />Time travel is always absurd, and I have mixed feelings about its use in this case. Is it so easy? And if so, if there are genocidal nutjobs flying around like Nero how are there any planets left? I feel for Spock. (Geeez I know the guy is pretty stoic, but after years of heroic deeds, saving countless lives, he must endure this?) Why not just go back and change history again? Maybe they will! Why not? And, by the way, knowing about this central aspect of the plot effectively spoiled the movie for me. That's my fault, but I do wonder how well the movie will hold up over time.<br /><br />The guy they have playing Kirk lacks charisma-unlike Shatner- and I don't mean to sound funny, but he doesn't exactly look like a ladies man. Well it's all in the attitude and cockiness of course, but his looks are average and he doesn't seem \\"alpha-male\\" to me (lol). Anyway.<br /><br />And then your beaten over the head with almost nonstop \\"action\\" as if this were specifically made for attention deficit disorder inflicted \\"generation y\\" teenager video game junkies that can't sit still and follow dialog or tolerate more than 2 minutes of downtime.<br /><br />Some of the humor and \\"comical\\" alien characters were lame. Maybe trying to please the age 5 and under crowd?<br /><br />While watching this movie I felt like it was so obviously made to appeal to everybody as much as possible and I don't respect that or think it is the way to make a great movie. This thing is lauded as a movie people that don't like Star Trek can like! And people that don't like science fiction---What's up with that anyway? That isn't necessarily good, nor is it respectful of people that do like science fiction. You nerds!<br /><br />Highlights-<br />The opening scenes were genuinely intense. I overall loved the casting and seeing the younger versions of classic characters played by new, young actors was really entertaining in itself. The new Spock was a highlight, as was Bones. Time travel and rewriting history was an interesting and bold way to re-boot the franchise for sure. The Enterprise can really fight now, lighting up with multiple lasers and I dug that. There were *some* truly funny moments. Some cool shots of Federation headquarters and Vulcan.<br /><br />Legions of Star Trek fans and even the film critic community really wanted to love this movie. (95% \\"fresh\\" rating on RT last I looked! Hmmm, this movie is that great?? Wow.) Rare for a sci-fi movie to be this well received. If YOU loved it I'm happy for you.think it is the way to make a great movie. This thing is lauded as a movie people that don't like Star Trek can like! And people that don't like science fiction---What's up with that anyway? That isn't necessarily good, nor is it respectful of people that do like science fiction. You nerds!    Highlights-  The opening scenes were genuinely intense. I overall loved the casting and seeing the younger versions of classic characters played by new, young actors was really entertaining in itself. The new Spock was a highlight, as was Bones. Time travel and rewriting history was an interesting and bold way to re-boot the franchise for sure. The Enterprise can really fight now, lighting up with multiple lasers and I dug that. There were *some* truly funny moments. Some cool shots of Federation headquarters and Vulcan.      Legions of Star Trek fans and even the film critic community really wanted to love this movie. (95% \\"fresh\\" rating on RT last I looked! Hmmm, this movie is that great?? Wow.) Rare for a sci-fi movie to be this well received. If YOU loved it I'm happy for you.
B000P0J024|4.0|The DVD was fun and it was nice seeing Roy and George alive again.  The first album is definitely the better one. They lose some of the melodic nature on the 2nd/3d album without that VOICE.  Both Tom Petty and Bob Dylan have fame as monotones and Roy isn't there to push them along.  It got more nasal  as it droned on and I turned it off and went to Los Tres Panchos for some Bolero therapy.  I've gotta have melody, harmony AND rhythm.  But the 1st one is great, and the DVD too.
0743270754|5.0|This book may start out a tad slow but after the introduction of each character and their historical background the book becomes like a snowball racing downhill getting larger as it moves.  DKG develops each character and provides detailed insight from both Lincoln and the individual's point of view.  We learn about people who made history at the time and lesser known characters whose family names are attached to historical buildings and places we might not have known (Blair House for one).    A must read for anyone interested in Lincoln, the Civil War or leadership.
B00127RAJY|4.0|Im on day 4 on the shred work out, and is great! I like level 2..level 1 after a few days is too easy, and level 3 is too hard (for me) , in four days I feel my body becoming stronger and is eager to keep on..Im not into excercising but this video makes you want to wait for tomorrow for your next session...Jillian is a great instructor...I highly recommend this video....In 20 minutes you sweat like you was working out for about an hour...Jillian sure knows what she is doing!
B001PJRAUS|5.0|I can't say enough good things about this movie.  My favorite part was fining all of the \\"Easter Eggs\\" hidden in it.  There are so many fun and subtle references to the 1995 version which is universally loved.  I think there should be a drinking game made for it.  When you see one, you should drink some port.
B001ED7C58|5.0|This is the best soundtrack I've ever heard. I've never been obsessed over such a soundtrack in my life. The music captures the film very well. You'll be listening to this CD on 'repeat' for a while! Also, I am on staff at [...] the best and most comprehensive Twilight community around; for those of us who are truly addicted to Twilight. If you don't want a cure, come join us!
B0015OKWL2|1.0|Wow, with these two big stars, how could it go wrong? Yet it does.<br /><br />This movie is utter rubbish. The plot gives you only two options, and when it's finally resolved, it's feels silly.<br /><br />The middle part, though, is only tedious. So it's not all bad!
0802130208|5.0|This is my favorite book. I first read it while travelling by train, and the passengers were so annoyed by my constant giggling that they shooed me out of the coach. I had to finish it on the dining coach.   My favorite character is Ignatius; however, I also love Irene, Miss Trixie, Miss Annie, Santa Battaglia,and even the stupid Mancuso. All of them are unbelievable funny in their stubbornness, foolishness, egotism, and absurdity.   Ignatius is a hopeless case, but who isn't? Whether people admit it or not, eveybody is somehow a hopeless case. Believing otherwise is delusion. The only purpose of life is to ackowledge that we, as a species, are a tumor, a blob of thick and sticky self-righteousness deserving of somebody as crazy and lucid as Ignatius who manages to prick holes in our blob. That is why he is an inspiring character. He is here to rub salt in our wounds. He teaches us that there is no limits to our delusion. We only have to look around us: everybody lies and cheats in order to accomplish his goals, and at the same time everyone wants to convince himself that he is right, that he is a wonderful human being. That is why motivational speakers are so successful and inspirational literature sells so well. Nonsense! If people were lucid enough, they would recognize that they have only two choices: stop breathing altogether or laugh at themselves and at their shortcomings and stop taking themselves so seriously.   My favorite paragraph of the book appears almost at the end of the second chapter: \\"When Fortuna spins you downward, go out to a movie and get more out of life. Ignatius was about to say this to himself; then he remembered that he went to the movies almost every night, no matter which way Fortuna was spinning.\\"   That is exactly what humans do, even though they fail to acknowledge it. Nonetheless, Ignatius has something, a kind of candor and idealism that most of people nowadays lack: he believes that the Middle Ages was a better time, and even though deep down inside we know that he is intelligent enough to recognize that this idea is misguided, in his madness he behaves as the champion of that cause. And that is what saves him from vulgarity.
0800105877|5.0|I'm amazed and thrilled that this version still exists!!!  I saw this years ago and was blown away!!!  Nicol Williamson is truly one of the most original and incredible actors ever.  SO underrated and so talented!!  Everything I've seen him in (not enough, unfortunately) has been an experience that becomes almost physical!!  SEE this version, everyone who loves MAGNIFICENT acting and \\"Hamlet\\" itself.  Not for the (dramatic) faint of heart.  Those who love PASSIONATE acting will LOVE Nicol Williamson and HIS \\"Hamlet.\\"
0156030209|4.0|Once past the horrifying thought of being cast adrift in a lifeboat with a tiger with only one waking thought that is to eat you, the story becomes charming. The stream of consciousness of a genteel adolescent Indian boy, the son of a zoo keeper, who must resort to savagery himself to survive is heart-wrenching. Martel's mastery of the language, vivid description and cryptic observations about the good and evil in all of us holds the reader entranced even though the situation is absurd. Pi finally lands on an island where the only living creatures are markeets and carnivorous plants. He is forced to set himself, and his tiger, adrift again. Based upon a true incident, we are not sure what is true and what is not. The opening line is \\"My suffering left me sad and gloomy.\\" The overall affect of the events in the book left me feeling the same way. It is a bitter-sweet, yet brilliant read.<br />Linda Ballou
B0024F08UG|5.0|I've heard rumors of people who've had the chance to preview the Blu-Ray version of Towering Inferno.    And according to them, TI Blu-Ray is THE BEST home-video version of this beloved all-time disaster classic!    The picture and sound quality - and John William's masterful film score (arguably his best ever) are absolutely stunning in detail and clarity.    When Blu-Ray first came out...Towering Inferno is THE PICTURE I had in mind for this superior format.    If you have at least a moderate interest in Towering Inferno, you should really enjoy it on Blu-Ray.    If you are a \\"Towering Inferno Faithful\\" (like me) you should be thrilled to death with this \\"ultimate home video\\" version of our beloved classic.    I wish I knew what \\"extras\\" are on it. I would at least expect it to contain the extras found on the DVD Special Edition.    Towering Inferno is my all-time favorite film...in spite of all the flaws and negative critiques. Steve McQueen's performance as Battalion Chief Mike O' Hallorhan is one of my favorite all-time roles of any actor in any film.    I can't wait to hear how great John Williams score sounds with the enhanced Blu-Ray technology (especially the opening helicopter sequence over Northern California, the suspense-building drama with the planting of the explosives on the rooftop water tanks, the aftermath in the Plaza, and the ending credits).    I hope this \\"preview review\\" is helpful to you.
B001RIY4WE|3.0|Okay, so you know the movie.  You know that this has three versions of it (the third is accessed with the code of the original Judgment Day (82997)).  What you might not know is how it looks:  Very textureless and plasticy (plasticky?).    And that's the biggest problem here.  In an attempt to remove the \\"noise\\" in the picture, this edition of Terminator 2 also ends up removing the natural film grain from the picture.  What does this do?  It makes the picture TOO sharp, TOO clear, and ends up giving the feeling that everything has been sprayed with a shiny kind of plastic, removing the textures from just about everything.  (Obviously one can see that road is road and that cloth is cloth, but skin in particular looks TOO smooth, at least to me.)    I only own this release and the old Ultimate Edition on DVD, and I'll tell you right now that this picture is superior to the DVD.  However, on my 42-inch plasma, running at 1080i, I can clearly see that this movie has had its grain-reduction WAY overdone.  The sound is good, the movie is as good as ever, and the video is better than DVD.  However, it's not as good as it SHOULD be, and that is disappointing.    Caveat emptor in this case, especially since this probably means some kind of triple-dip sometime in the next two or three years.    UPDATE 5/20/2009:  There's more and more discussion about how much grain-reduction was actually done on this film, especially at thedigitalbits.com.  I'm not terribly interested in getting into discussions of \\"did-they or didn't-they\\", so let me just say this:  When I watch this on my display (which is not state-of-the-art but is respectable on a PS3-HDMI-42\\"-plasma-1080i setup), I think that the image looks too smooth.  I expected a grainier look from the Super35 photochemical film process Cameron used.  I still think this is the best release of T2 available in terms of video + multiple versions.  I just wouldn't be surprised if a \\"better\\" edition comes out two years from now with an\\"improved\\" transfer/remaster.    In the end, I'm glad I bought this and I'll be keeping it for years to come, I'm sure.
B001ED7C58|4.0|I really like this CD - I've listed to it many times. My favorite songs are the ones by Paramore and Linkin Park.
B001W63DX2|5.0|This is one of my favorite bands , i saw them this year in guadalajara, mexico, during this tour, believe me this is an incredible band, with the old set,... was awesome , i cant wait to buy this cd.. please listen or die...
B001OQCV74|4.0|Universal Studios Home Entertainment have announced the US DVD and Blu-ray Disc release of Coraline on 21st July 2009. Based on the book by Neil Gaiman, this stop-motion animation written and directed by Henry Selick follows an adventurous girl who finds another world that is a strangely idealized version of her frustrating home, but it has sinister secrets.    Available on single-disc DVD, two-disc Collector's Edition DVD and Blu-ray Disc, all include both the 2-D and 3-D version of the main feature and come packaged with 4 pairs of 3D glasses. Features are outlined below...    Single-Disc DVD        * 2-D and 3-D Presentations      * 1.85:1 Anamorphic Widescreen      * English, French and Spanish DD5.1 Surround      * English SDH, French and Spanish subtitles      * Feature Commentary with Director Henry Selick and Composer Bruno Coulais      2-Disc Collector's Edition DVD - As above plus a bonus disc with the following content:        * Digital Copy of Coraline 2-D Version (Expires 07/31/2010)      * Deleted Scenes      * The Making of Coraline      * Voicing the Characters      Blu-ray Disc - This is a Blu-ray Combo release which comes bundled with a standard-def DVD that includes the 2-D version of the film (AV specs as per the DVD releases), audio commentary, and a Digital Copy of the film. Features include:        * 2-D and 3-D Presentations      * 1080P 1.85:1 Widescreen      * English 5.1 DTS-HD Master Audio      * French and Spanish 5.1 DTS Surround      * English SDH, French and Spanish subtitles      * U Control - Picture in Picture (2-D Feature Only)      * U Control - Tours and Voice Sessions (2-D Feature Only)      * U Control - Picture in Picture Animatic (2-D Feature Only)      * Deleted Scenes      * The Making of Coraline      * Voicing the Characters      * Creepy Coraline      * Feature Commentary with Director Henry Selick and Composer Bruno Coulais      * D-Box      * BD Live - My Scenes Sharing      * BD Live - The World According to Henry* Disc 2: DVD with standard-def 2-D version of the film, audio commentary & 2-D Digital Copy of the film (expires 31st July 2010)
0316017922|5.0|This book sparked a very interesting discussion with a book group about the concept of an outlier.  While Gladwell's information was interesting, it seemed to most of us to represent fairly common sense.  However, the group spent about 2 hours discussing the definition of an outlier and thinking of any we thought we might have known once we sort of defined it.  Gladwell's book seemed narrow with respect to being almost exclusively American in nature and ignored so many that were in other places in the world and other times in history.
B00000IMTF|5.0|The best Rainbow album ever and possibly Blackmore's best work. Stargazer is worth the price of the cd alone. Cozy Powell plays the heaviest drums of his career... BUY IT NOW!!!
045122499X|5.0|i read this a little, and it is going to be a great book. i bought the first book (Pillars of the earth) and these are books i'd recommend for heavy readers and nice days on the porch.
B000002KBD|4.0|It's odd how direct and accessible this album is, coming so soon after the  sublimely ephemeral \\"Astral Weeks.\\" Hard to believe the same person made them both and yet if you don't listen directly at \\"His Band and Street Choir\\", you can detect faint lingering \\"Astral\\" strains. Or maybe I'm just still so deeply lovesick over \\"Astral Weeks\\" that EVERYTHING reminds me of it. I really should do some mind and soul cleansing, like burn a copy of \\"Astral Weeks\\" as an effigy. Maybe then I'd be able to fully enjoy the more humble, earnestly sweet sounds on this one. It's certainly got fabulously joyful R&B and Soul down pat, with \\"Domino\\", \\"I've Been Working\\", and \\"Sweet Jannie.\\"  And it manages deeply tender, elegant moments with \\"Crazy Face\\", \\"I'll Be Your Lover, Too\\",  \\"Gypsy Queen\\", and \\"If I Ever Needed Someone.\\"<br /><br />I suppose what I'm saying, \\"Street Choir\\", is it's not you, it's me. You're a really great album. Really, you are. I guess I just need more time to heal, to get over my first love. Yes, I know, there was \\"Moondance\\" last year, but that was just foolish of me, emotionally reckless. I was devastated and lost, and found comfort in \\"Moon's\\" warm, swinging ways. I was seduced by the gentle spiritual charms of her \\"Into The Mystic.\\" It reminded me so of \\"Astral.\\" And now, it seems, I'm still too weak. Dammit, I'm not over \\"her\\". But, I know, in time, with the help of God and pharmaceutical science, one day I'll be able to listen again. So don't think you are not terrific. Oh no, \\"His Band and Street Choir\\" you ARE terrific. You've even made me smile like a fool with your \\"Virgo Clowns\\", so lovely and kind. It's just not meant to be, yet, here, now, so soon. I'm sure in time, maybe three or four more decades I'll be over Astral and strong enough to listen again with my whole heart. So this isn't goodbye, dear \\"Band and Street Choir\\", it's au revoir, ma cherie...
B0015DROBO|5.0|I've been reading mysteries for over 40 years and The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo is one of the best I have read. Highly recommended.
B000NQRR1Q|5.0|Johnny Depp once again gives an excellent performance as a book appraiser who is hired by a very rich and powerful man to authenticate his copy of a book supposedly written by Lucifer itself.    The element about this story that is classic and thought provoking is that in the end, the Angel of Light Lucifer shows its favor towards Depp's character for his willingness to do whatever it takes to survive in this world of false morals that are only followed by the mentally and spiritually weak.    A very good expose in true Satanic thought versus Hollywood Satanists.
0316017922|5.0|This book had been recommended by a friend, and since I had read Gladwell's THE TIPPING POINT and liked it, I decided to give this a try.  It's a fascinating study of some of the real underlying elements of success: it doesn't really come \\"out of the blue\\".  Gladwell points to chance opportunities that successful people have taken advantage of, and how those opportunities aided the progress of the person under discussion.    The most talked about part, in my circles of creative friends, is the 10,000 hours of preparation aspect.  Gladwell draws from several different success stories, of widely different professions, which show that it is not a fluke that 10,000 hours of practice and preparation go into making the masters of any field.  It is a challenge, laid out in very pragmatic terms, to anyone who wants to succeed at anything. In the back of my head, I kept hearing the old joke: \\"How do you get to Carnegie Hall?\\" \\"Practice, practice, practice.\\"  It's funny because it is seriously true.    Gladwell has a very comfortable style, making the book a pleasure to read.
B001SO69IY|5.0|Man in from the south and i have to admit this album is the s***!  I'm dope, city lights, and mrs. international are my favs.  I was excited to see my n****s UGK on the album too.  In all honesty it seems as if the rap vets are the ones holding it down in the game you know besides red & meth, you have ugk, jadakiss, busta, t.i., etc.
B001TH16DI|5.0|I have viewed these disks and I have to say - You WILL NOT be disappointed with them!  They all look great (viewed on a PS3 and Mitsubishi 73\\" Diamond 1080p DLP HDTV) and sound fantastic!  Don't listen to the \\"one star\\" complainers.  They either don't know what they are talking about, or, when they watch movies they use the \\"pause\\" button to study each pixel with a magnifying glass.  If you like these Star Trek movies, you will appreciate the presentation these Blu-Ray disks give you.
B00008A7QK|5.0|What can I say that has already been said regarding Marc Bolan, T. Rex, and Electric Warrior? First of all great reviews I loved reading them all. I must agree that Electric Warrior is way before its time. It spans the test of time and will continue to be loved by old and new fans alike. I have to say that Cosmic Dancer is one of my favorite all time tracks written beautifully by Bolan at a time when dancing was well needed amongst the chaos of the era. All the hits are here, and make a stellar album that again will be cherished for years to come.
B001VPJZF4|4.0|A carefully constructed tale of the beginning of the CIA, or at least, based on the start of it. All acting is top-rate. The story itself is evolved so slowly and quietly as to almost become boring. I found my mind wandering in a few places. However, it still is a great adult story of intrigue.
B001SN78JO|1.0|This movie is totally stupid and not funny at all.  I remember seeing Liar!Liar! at the theatre and the whole place was laughing throughout.  Luckily I was smart enough to wait for this one to come out on DVD, but still I had high hopes because most of Carrey'movies are pretty hilarious and the previews looked pretty funny.  WRONG!  This movie stinks I couldn't watch after about half-way through.  The gags aren't funny, the plot is typical and the characters are not likeable.  Particularly, I thought his boss character was really stupid and unfunny.  I liken this movie to 40 Year-Old Virgin which I also thought was terrible and I turned off half-way through, not funny.  I am truly shocked there are people who actually gave this good reviews (though it is clear many think as I do - don't even waste your time on this movie).
B000002JBG|4.0|Bugs Bunny provides a straightforward rap track, \\"Buggin',\\" with the help of Elmer Fudd, Daffy Duck and Porky Pig. The soundtrack, like the film, is full of energy and silliness, but there are moments of genuine sweetness: All-4-One's earnest and soulful \\"I Turn To You\\" and R. Kelly's gospel-inspired \\"I Can Fly.\\"
0061170623|5.0|If you've enjoyed the book and/or the Kubrick movie, then you're going to love this audiobook.<br /><br />Tom Hollander's rendering is so very similar to that of Malcom McDowel's performance as Alex in the movie, that at times it would be difficult to distinguish one from the other.  His accents, pronunciation, intonation and dramatizations blend magnificently to form a captivating bridge between the book and the movie, thereby making the audiobook an integral part of the Clockwork trinity.<br /><br />The story of disaffected youth employing anti-social behaviors in order to establish their place in society is as relevant today as it was 40 years ago.  The characters, the settings and the situations show very little age - in other words, it's not difficult to imagine that Clockwork was written yesterday.  The result, even a modern day teen with a semi-sophisticated reading palette could find Clockwork readable as well as be able to relate with the characters.<br /><br />My copy includes the 21st chapter left out of the original US publications and not included in the movie.  Frankly, I prefer the story without the final chapter - gives it a more foreboding and ominous feel.  Also in my copy, there is a bonus CD with Burgess reading a number of chapters from the book.  Though interesting to hear his interpretation of the words, phrases and rhythm of the story he is obviously a much better writer than orator.  The extra CD certainly adds to the experience but, mostly, it best serves to illustrate what a remarkable job Hollander did as narrator.<br /><br />Read the book.  See the movie.  Listen to the audio.  Three powerful slam dunks.
B000MNP2KI|5.0|Daniel Craig takes the reins from Pierce Brosman in this classic Ian Fleming story.  Unlike previous Bond films, this story shows how Bond got his OO status and the trials he had to endure to learn the one important lesson: trust no one.     Craig is dynamic as Bond and shows how the British assassin is suppose to be portrayed.  Sean Connery will always be the best but I can't think of a more worthy successor than Craig.  The only other actor who portrayed the British agent correctly was Timothy Dalton.  Brosman was okay and Moore portrayed Bond too much as a comedian.      I love the way that Bond is portrayed as a vulnerable human being who is just as likely as anyone else to be fooled by love.  But he also shows that when all is said and done, he can be efficiently ruthless against his foes and will do just about anything to get the job done.  Now that is someone you want on your side (well, most of the time!).
B0010X8NF0|5.0|I'm not a big owen wilson fan, but this is amazing. I love it. Great Photography too.
B000UBMWG4|5.0|FYI: All the different versions are in HD, but all the extras are in SD.  Not sure why, though.
0345441184|5.0|Ms. Bradley has an expert hand in fantasy. The details is absolutely breathtaking and it's handled with such a light touch, you don't just believe in this, world you live it.  It might take a chapter or two to get into the narrative, but once you are you can't put it down.  A great read.
B001VLXNLU|5.0|This has to be one of my favorite Teen series! Fast paced, never a dull moment and keeps getting better with every book! Unique differences that seperate it from the rest. The love triangle was getting on my nerves a bit, but isn't that always the case! This series is great for the adults as well. If you haven't pick this series up, your missing out. Blows Twilight out of the water!<br />[[ASIN:0312360282 Betrayed (House of Night, Book 2)]]<br />[[ASIN:0312360304 Chosen (House of Night, Book 3)]]<br />[[ASIN:0312379838 Untamed (House of Night, Book 4)]]<br />[[ASIN:031237982X Hunted (House of Night, Book 5)]]<br />[[ASIN:0312567480 Tempted (House of Night Book 6)]]
B000W4HIX6|1.0|I am just reviewing the Blu Ray Disc. The quality is awful. Somehow I had to change the colours in my Sony LCD X series several times to watch the movie with some satisfaction. Mostly it reminded me of video transfer. There are some moments of grain,blur and to what I felt was audio drop.<br />Die Hard with a Vengeance faired much better which prompted me to buy this one as well. They should be more mindful than this before releasing a movie on a new format which boasts superior pic quality.<br />I know it's a 80's movie but still there is no excuse for the drop in visual quality.
0525951113|4.0|Breathtakingly paced along the lines of an episode of 24. Its plot is out there, but it is delivered in a relatively believable way.    One complaint - no real central character per se and it becomes a little distracting.     One thing that is different about this book is that characters that you care about are in real peril and the use cool (semi-real) technology is compelling.    Looking forward to his next.
0446402397|4.0|Martin Cruz Smith needn't worry- he's still the best by a mile- this is no rival of Arkady Renko but it's still a gripping read and the plot is not much dafter than those of M C Smith's novels. The paranoid feel of the era could have been better developed and characters are a bit rudimentary.   Makes me long for another trip with Arkady Renko all the same.
B0000CDJPQ|5.0|Service was real fast. I received the FireWire a few days after ordering it, and it was what I needed to connect an interface to my computer.
B001SO69IY|5.0|This is by far the best album of 2009, every song is fire, every lyric is fire, cop this album, its better than relapse, better than the last kiss, better than crime pays
B000007VCO|5.0|This is a fairly obscure Santana album but it is one of his best in many ways.  It has great melodies and outstanding lead guitar. Just listen to \\"Cry of the Wilderness\\" and \\"Song for Devadip\\" and you'll agree that his lead guitar work is as good or better than \\"Europa\\" or \\"Samba Pa Ti\\".  Plus both songs really rock.  Other songs have a great mix of strong lead singing filled in with more great guitar.  I loved listening to this album for 10+ years.
B001FB4W0W|5.0|MY GOSH!  WHAT HAVE WE HERE?  I LOVE IT!  MY HUSBAND AND I HAVE READ ALL OF THE BOOKS, WATCHED ALL THE EPISODES, AND HAVE PRE-ORDERED THE NEXT BOOK OUT IN OCTOBER 2009.  WE HAVE TURNED FRIENDS AND FAMILY ONTO TRUE BLOOD / THE SOOKIE STACKHOUSE NOVELS.     THE MYSTERY, THE FANTASY, IT IS TOTALLY CAPTIVATING.  THERE IS NOT ANY \\"ONE PARTICULAR\\" FAVORITE YOU CAN PICK BECAUSE EACH CHARACTER IS TRUE UNTO THEMSELF.  THE DIFFERENCES BETWEEN THE DESCRIPTION OF EACH IN THE BOOKS TO THE SERIES IS NO MAJOR DEAL.  I CAN HARDLY WAIT FOR THE STORY TO RESUME.     I WAS A FAN OF SIX FEET UNDER AND I DO BELIEVE MR BALL HAS HIT AOTHER HOME RUN!
B00110K62U|5.0|I was lucky enough to see the play when it opened in New York and it is still my all time favorite.  The cast is beyond compare.
0517548232|5.0|If you can hang on (it is a little dry), you will be happy you did.  I mentioned prophetic, but it is not really that.  It is \\"prophetic\\" in that it merely states time honored truths that were the same in 1946 (the 1st ed) as they are now.      He felt little hope in the economists and politicians of his day then (when they actually had brains and guts).  In the 1978 edition, he really touches upon how economists have not only not learned, but also taken their foolishness to new levels.  I fear he would be truly disheartened to see where our non-representing \\"representatives\\" and the economic hacks have really taken us.    One wonders if he would now ask that the fat lady sing.
B001AVCFK6|5.0|This movie had it all, humor, great character development and wonderful special effects.  The actors did a good job, I could see them as a young Spok, Kirk and Bones.  I laughed out loud quite a few times.  This movie was a wild ride, full of thrills, and I hope there are more movies to come.  I don't usually buy many movies on DVD, but I will definitely buy this one on Blu-Ray.
1595141979|5.0|Shadow kiss is definitely the best installment of Richelle Mead's work. At times the book kept repeating itself but the ending made up for it. Great way to continue for the 4th installment. I love the protagonist because she is not perfect as these other vampire series makes their protagonist. She's like any other teenage girl. Act first, think later. She gets into fights, talks back to authority and is very flirtatious. But as she enters the life of becoming an adult we get to see her change into someone responsible and think first, act later person. We even get to see her fall in love and have to make some very hard decisions. This book has it all;action,love,death,comedy,suspense,thriller..... A definitely must read.
0312370849|4.0|I loved this book!<br /><br />WWII has always been an interest of mine, although hard to learn, see and read about it's always sparked an interest. This book was a wonderful interpretation of how things were for young Sarah during her difficult times. Although, some of the situations in the story were hard to read, and I did find myself crying in some of the parts, the book was altogether a wonderful read. Very capitivating and eye opening. Very surprising! Easy to get into, wonderful story!
1400082773|4.0|Everyone should read this book on our president. It gives you a window on his belief formations. It is amazing that he has become such a well rounded, intelligent and empathic person with such ever changing early years.
B001PPGAIA|4.0|I watched this movie with an open-mind.  I had heard and read the various positive and negative reviews about it.    I found the acting was ok in this film. The actors had to work with the script, so you can't blame them if the script is lacking.  The storyline, whilst somewhat interesting but lacking in originality, just seemed to lack any depth.  This shouldn't have been the case though because the film went for nearly 3 hours.  Perhaps there was just too much happening in this movie to enable any issue to be covered adequately (trying to save cattle property, stolen generation, world war 2, romance...).      The romance between the Kidman and Jackman seemed to come on all of a sudden, with no romantic build-up. The plot (or should I say plots) was/were far too distant for my liking.
B00005QIPH|5.0|This IS it.  The Strokes are one of the most addicting bands out there.  Their sound is influenced by some, but like no other.  I would describe them as artists that create beauty out of disgust.  They have a really rough and grungy style that becomes catchy and original.  This is mainly due to the lead singer, who is like Jim Morrison without poetry.  There are people that will look at this band and say \\"I Get It!\\"  They're displaying a harder message behind their simple abandonement of class.<br /><br />The Strokes are sarcastic, dirty, and rebellious.  The microphone recording style is roughly polished and yet most would consider it \\"ugly.\\"  I listened to them awhile back and I didn't quite understand it till I came back to it at age 19.  They're recreating grunge with the element of real art.  It took me two seconds to buy the album after previewing.  Do what I did, and preview \\"Is This It?\\" and \\"Someday\\" and tell me that you wouldn't buy this on the basis of those samples.<br /><br />\\"Is This It?\\" is an album that will go in my generation's collection as a classic.  I feel sorry for those who cannot connect with it as I can, because it generated a lot of good feelings within me.
0307346617|5.0|This is a very smart, well thought-out novel. It brings the fantastic idea of a zombie attack into the real world with meticulous attention to detail. Highly recommended.
B000J2DAYM|5.0|among the best movies i have ever seen.  solid acting weaved into a modern version of the old detective movies.  awesome dialogue.
B00000264F|3.0|...That song is \\"Scream of Anger\\".  It never gets old.  Just a mesmerizing, full throttle metal song with great vocals to add to the fantastic guitar playing.  A real gem, that one.  Aphasia and Dance the Night Away help make this release worth owning, too.
B000ZLFALI|1.0|The world of art basically has four types of people: Talented artists who get the recognition they deserve, talented artists who never get the recognition they deserve, untalented artists who never get recognition because they don't deserve it, and untalented artists who get recognition even though they don't deserve it.<br /><br />The latter category flourishes by creating its own subculture which, by unspoken consensus, agrees to praise each others' works with psuedo-intellectual evaluations like \\"sublimely original\\", \\"deceptively profound\\", or \\"highly stylized\\", without any regard for the actual quality of the artist's work. The trick is for bad artists to get together and create a subculture where they regard each others' work as so original, and so unique, and so ahead of its time, that YOU must be the problem if you think it's nothing more than a bad artist urinating on a crucifix. If you don't think that an abstract sculpture built out of the contents of a 911 victim's garbage can makes as profound a statement about the human condition as the collective works of William Shakespeare, then YOU are the problem, not the artist. Why? Because National Public Radio and other members of the pretense cult say so.<br /><br />When it comes to film, Across The Universe falls into this category. In the pretentious New-Age subculture that not-so-gifted artists have manufactured to make it appear that they are, in fact, gifted, I would expect this film to have a lot of appeal. If you bought this film at Barnes & Noble, and grabbed a latte from Starbucks on your way out, then you'll probably love this film. Especially if you've heard all the reviewers telling you that you are supposed to love this film and, so it is implied, if you don't love this film there's something wrong with YOU.<br /><br />And this means that I am the problem if I think that Across The Universe is nothing more than a group of filmmakers with no original ideas co-opting and degrading the work of the most talented group of pop musicians in history.<br /><br />I've only walked out on one film before, and I can't even remember its name. I made it through Easy Rider. I made it through Ishtar. I made it through Waterworld. I even made it through The Blair Witch Project, even though that horror film was about as scary as a caged guinea pig. But I only made it 9:27 into Across the Universe before I just couldn't donate any more time out of my brief life to feeding these artists' egos.<br /><br />The opening wide-angle shot at the beach was simply gorgeous. Every frame of film that followed felt like a vicious and humiliating assault--not on me, but on The Beatles. The only emotions this film evoked were sadness and sympathy for The Beatles, who worked so hard for many years to make it from the Cavern Club to the Hollywood Bowl, only to have the fruits of their labor co-opted as a platform for pretentious filmmakers to join their elite ranks in 133 minutes.<br /><br />Don't get me wrong--the film features some fine singers with beautiful voices. However, the Beatles covers in this film are just atrocious. In fact, it was the first time I'd ever felt the presence of evil while listening to \\"Helter Skelter\\", despite the Manson Family drama. Reasonable people would have to ask themselves, Why? Why would you \\"interpret\\" such beautiful compositions in such an uninspired manner? Why would you want to remake songs that were done perfectly in the first place? Copying a perfect work can only degrade it, and the greatest honor you can bestow upon perfection is to leave it alone, and let the original artist enjoy the full credit for what they accomplished. Why do anonymous members of the masses always feel the need to stand in the background and wave to get attention, whenever someone like Walter Cronkite interviews someone like Albert Einstein on camera?<br /><br />But letting The Beatles' talent speak for itself wasn't good enough for these filmmakers. They had to try and associate themselves with the kind of genius that characterizes the Beatles, instead, with no regard for how much they might degrade the Beatles' legacy in the process. This film isn't about The Beatles at all. Neither is it a unique and profound love story or social commentary on the Vietnam War era. It's all about the filmmakers.<br /><br />The film's \\"story\\" is about as coherent as Pink Floyd's \\"The Wall\\". The difference is that Pink Floyd used their own music to tell their own story, so it made sense, despite the schizophrenic presentation. That's a completely different thing than stringing together a bunch of unrelated songs that were written by someone else over the course of nearly a decade, to tell your own story in a deliberately \\"stylized\\" manner. The Beatle songs didn't magically \\"fit in\\" to the story; the story was forcibly constructed around the songs. Hijacking music like this necessarily requires every viewer to interpret the original musicians' work in the same way that the filmmakers' personally interpreted it. But great music should impact each listener uniquely, especially when that music attempts to evoke feelings of love, memories of heartbreak, or hopes for peace.<br /><br />It's horrifying to think that younger viewers might forever associate the imagery in this film with the Beatles' music. The greatest benefit of being raised along with The Beatles is that their music is uniquely special to me. Each of their songs has a very special meaning to me personally, derived from the context of my own life, and the time in my life that those songs first impacted me, over the course of many years. As the Beatles grew and matured and changed, so did I. No one else in the world FEELS exactly the way I do when I hear The Beatles' music because of this, and that is what makes The Beatles so special. Young viewers of this film are being deprived of this beautiful experience. Instead, they are having imagery for each of these great songs implanted by some independent third party. It is no different than those television psychics who emotionally molest loved ones that are left behind, by implanting in their minds false \\"final\\" messages from their dearly departed.<br /><br />I couldn't see Across The Universe through to the end. Nine minutes into the film is when the filmmakers attempted to replace my cherished memories of The Fab Four earning the right to sing \\"I Want To Hold Your Hand\\" on the Ed Sullivan Show, with an image of some young suburban cheerleader singing that same song to herself. Somewhere in the translation all of the joy, all of the fun--all of the real-world meaning of that song, was obliterated. So I turned the film off.<br /><br />The 1987 teen flick Can't Buy Me Love was obviously inspired by the Beatles' song, and it used the original Beatles song on the soundtrack. This was appropriate use of Beatles music in film because it was presented independent of the film's story, rather than TELLING the story throughout the entire film. Moreover, it was sung by the original artistic genius, rather than relying on mediocre third-party interpretations. Likewise, many music producers today sample Beatles' songs as a starting point for building their own unique creations. When this is done well, it is also appropriate, because it doesn't degrade the original work. I've heard the same famous piano chord from The Beatles sampled on several new songs, and some of those songs were rotten. But this never threatened to affect my future enjoyment of \\"A Day In The Life\\", let alone the entire Sgt. Pepper album. This film threatens to degrade my future enjoyment of the entire Beatles catalog, if not the real significance of the whole Beatles' phenomenon.<br /><br />Across the Universe is worse than inappropriate--it's literally a threat to The Beatles legacy, masquerading as an attempt to honor The Beatles, while serving no one except for the artistic subculture that made this film possible. I realize that John Lennon marriedYoko Ono--a performance artist cut from the same pretense cloth. Yet I still have to believe that even Lennon, the quintessential independent man, would call BS on this film, somewhere between his laughter and his tears. After all, he and his three friends did all the work, and all he got was a bullet in the back for his efforts. These filmmakers are winning praise and awards, and a four star review on Amazon dot com. Even worse, no one seems to notice, and even fewer seem to care. Something is dreadfully wrong here....<br /><br />But what do I know? The cover says that Bono has a cameo in this film. Someone once told me that Bono was going to save the world--and they were absolutely serious. However, I think no one will ever match the positive influence that The Beatles had on the world. At least not until films like this reduce The Beatles to little more than a trivial historical footnote, while those who exploit The Beatles' very real talents to further their own careers enjoy their 15 minutes of fame.emotionally molest loved ones that are left behind, by implanting in their minds false \\"final\\" messages from their dearly departed.    I couldn't see Across The Universe through to the end. Nine minutes into the film is when the filmmakers attempted to replace my cherished memories of The Fab Four earning the right to sing \\"I Want To Hold Your Hand\\" on the Ed Sullivan Show, with an image of some young suburban cheerleader singing that same song to herself. Somewhere in the translation all of the joy, all of the fun--all of the real-world meaning of that song, was obliterated. So I turned the film off.    The 1987 teen flick Can't Buy Me Love was obviously inspired by the Beatles' song, and it used the original Beatles song on the soundtrack. This was appropriate use of Beatles music in film because it was presented independent of the film's story, rather than TELLING the story throughout the entire film. Moreover, it was sung by the original artistic genius, rather than relying on mediocre third-party interpretations. Likewise, many music producers today sample Beatles' songs as a starting point for building their own unique creations. When this is done well, it is also appropriate, because it doesn't degrade the original work. I've heard the same famous piano chord from The Beatles sampled on several new songs, and some of those songs were rotten. But this never threatened to affect my future enjoyment of \\"A Day In The Life\\", let alone the entire Sgt. Pepper album. This film threatens to degrade my future enjoyment of the entire Beatles catalog, if not the real significance of the whole Beatles' phenomenon.    Across the Universe is worse than inappropriate--it's literally a threat to The Beatles legacy, masquerading as an attempt to honor The Beatles, while serving no one except for the artistic subculture that made this film possible. I realize that John Lennon married Yoko Ono--a performance artist cut from the same pretense cloth. Yet I still have to believe that even Lennon, the quintessential independent man, would call BS on this film, somewhere between his laughter and his tears. After all, he and his three friends did all the work, and all he got was a bullet in the back for his efforts. These filmmakers are winning praise and awards, and a four star review on Amazon dot com. Even worse, no one seems to notice, and even fewer seem to care. Something is dreadfully wrong here....    But what do I know? The cover says that Bono has a cameo in this film. Someone once told me that Bono was going to save the world--and they were absolutely serious. However, I think no one will ever match the positive influence that The Beatles had on the world. At least not until films like this reduce The Beatles to little more than a trivial historical footnote, while those who exploit The Beatles' very real talents to further their own careers enjoy their 15 minutes of fame.
6305718954|5.0|Stigmata was always one of those movies that I loved and never got around to buy and was very happy, because Amazon was the place to get Stigmata a good price and very good condition. Thank you once again as always
B001QOOCTE|5.0|[[ASIN:B001QOOCTE Songs Around The World (CD + DVD)]]  I first heard of this on NPR, and the short clip they played made me an instant buyer. This is so good, I have bought the set for 3 other people so far.  Do yourself a favor, and order this.
