0307276902|4.0|It was an interesting read until all of the controversy came out about it being a fake story.
1400082773|5.0|Barack Obama has written this so it is like listening to him speak...a little complicated for the simplest man but a good read still. It perfectly explains why he is who he is. If you like Barack and like to listen to him speak you will love this book.
0385340990|5.0|I consider The Guernsey Literary and Potato Peel Society one of my favorite books.  It is so well written that you can learn the whole story of the island's occupation and the special people who make up the society and its origin, entirely through letters. It is filled with humor, but also sadness.  I first read it while listening to it on a cd and loved the different accents of the people telling the story.  I liked it so much that I bought and read the book and relished every page. Our book club is now reading it.
0312330537|2.0|No question about it, Shantaram is a good story.  It comes complete with good guys, bad guys, heroes and thugs.  Lin, of course, is the requisite superhero, albeit a bit too hard to believe.    If the story is indeed autobiographical, it is wildly embellished.  If the story is fantasy, it is still over the top.  At the end, I still couldn't decide which is a more apt description - which may be the most compelling reason to recommend it.
B00003CXB4|5.0|Awesome movie - my son loves this movie and it took me a while to find an original - This merchant can be trusted.  I would buy from them again!  Thank you.
0316010669|4.0|I was intrigued by the message. While I don't necessary agree with everything the author states or his generalities, I felt the book was stimulating and created a good opportunity to reassess thought processes.  Shipped timely and was in good condition.
B0017V7GTY|5.0|These songs are simple, mostly,   but they're executed perfectly.   Fallon and guitarist Alex Rosamilia do this thing,   mostly on the quiet bits, where their guitars wrap   twinkly harmonies around each other,   getting loose and intricate without being showy about it.   And when the guitars turn into chorus-firepower,   it just kills because it's been so long since we've heard   anyone pull that off with such panache.   If you've got even a tiny bit of a soft spot for that   bruised-growl retro-punk,   THE '59 SOUND is an answer to a prayer.
B001GKJ2DO|1.0|I saw the stage version of this and it was a delight, so I thought I'd try the movie & like an idiot I even bought it!  What a disappointment!!!  It is ESSENTIAL that the actors in a musical can sing!!  It should have made like some old musicals:  The King & I and South Pacific, etc. dubbed those atrocious voices, then it would have again been a light, fun film with great ABBA music.
B000021YQV|1.0|This is an absolutely atrocious album.  Do not waste your time or money.  I will use it for target practice with my .44 Magnum.
0316113506|5.0|We all know exercise is good for you, but all too often we put that knowledge in the back of our minds and forget it. Dr. Ratey makes a very compelling argument in \\"Spark\\" why exercise is so important in treating anxiety, depression, ADHD, addiction, etc. and gives you the scientific studies to back it up. It's an entertaining, yet informative narrative full of case studies of his actual patients. Highly recommended for anyone looking for an alternative to our pill-popping culture.
B001PPLIEG|4.0|The second film in the re-vamped James Bond franchise, QUANTUM OF SOLACE begins almost immediately where CASINO ROYALE ended.  In an adrenaline-fueled car chase, Bond (Daniel Craig) races away from a group of villains to a secret location where he retrieves his cargo from the trunk: the mysterious Mr. White (Jesper Christensen) who was last seen at the end of CASINO ROYALE.  Distraught over the death of his beloved Vesper Lynd (Eva Green), Bond wants information about who was responsible for her death so that he can seek his revenge.  M (Judi Dench) just wants information about the organization responsible because of the threat to national security it poses.  It is revealed that the group is called Quantum and they are much larger and well-organized than anyone imagined, including having M's personal bodyguard as a member and spy.  Thus begins a race across the globe as Bond seeks to find the man responsible for both the death of Vesper and the betrayal of M: a man wealthy environmentalist named Dominic Greene (Mathieu Amalric).  Devoted as he is, M doesn't trust Bond because he's no longer focused on his duty and mission, but is driven by revenge, seeking an elusive quantum of solace from the pain he feels.  She strips him of his license and orders him to stand down, but Bond will be Bond and nothing will keep him from finding his prey. His search for Greene and flight from MI6 bring him into contact with a young woman named Camille (Olga Kurylenko) seeking revenge against a Bolivian dictator and Greene for the brutal deaths of her family members.  They both possess information and skills the other can use and join forces.<br /><br />CASINO ROYALE was the first of the new re-tooled franchise, but it is in QUANTUM OF SOLACE where audience members are given a glimpse of where the filmmakers are headed and the type of character the \\"new\\" Bond will be.  I did not like CASINO ROYALE.  It was an excellent movie, but it was unlike any Bond movie I had ever seen.  It did not feel like a James Bond movie and is basically an Americanized version of the famed secret agent.  Many people liked that, but I didn't.  Therefore, I was a hesitant about QUANTUM OF SOLACE.  However, I enjoyed QUANTUM OF SOLACE, much more than CASINO ROYALE.<br /><br />As a movie, QUANTUM OF SOLACE isn't as good a film as CASINO ROYALE.  The acting is excellent and the cinematography and special effects are superb, but the tone is much darker than any previous Bond movie.  In this film, Bond is a very brooding character, driven by the revenge from his passionate affair with Vesper Lynd.  Yet, beneath the veneer there are glimpses of the Bond that readers and audiences around the world have come to know and love<br />The overall spirit of the QUANTUM OF SOLACE  is much more attuned with previous Bond films than was CASINO ROYALE.  For example, there are several direct allusions made in the movie to previous James Bond films.  CASINO ROYALE tried to cut all ties with Bond and make him into an American action hero.  While continuing to remold Bond, QUANTUM OF SOLACE acknowledges what came before and seeks to take the two very different images of Bond and melds them together as one. This makes me hopeful for the future films in the franchise.  Hopefully, in the next Bond movie, James will be back better than ever: erased of the cartoon lunacy of some of the previous movies and strengthened by the pain, suffering, and hardships he's endured to emerge not just as a top-notch spy with a dry wit, but as a fully human being that audiences can relate to and root for.<br /><br />Recommended for fans of James Bond, people who have seen CASINO ROYALE, and people who enjoy dark action movies.like a James Bond movie and is basically an Americanized version of the famed secret agent.  Many people liked that, but I didn't.  Therefore, I was a hesitant about QUANTUM OF SOLACE.  However, I enjoyed QUANTUM OF SOLACE, much more than CASINO ROYALE.    As a movie, QUANTUM OF SOLACE isn't as good a film as CASINO ROYALE.  The acting is excellent and the cinematography and special effects are superb, but the tone is much darker than any previous Bond movie.  In this film, Bond is a very brooding character, driven by the revenge from his passionate affair with Vesper Lynd.  Yet, beneath the veneer there are glimpses of the Bond that readers and audiences around the world have come to know and love  The overall spirit of the QUANTUM OF SOLACE  is much more attuned with previous Bond films than was CASINO ROYALE.  For example, there are several direct allusions made in the movie to previous James Bond films.  CASINO ROYALE tried to cut all ties with Bond and make him into an American action hero.  While continuing to remold Bond, QUANTUM OF SOLACE acknowledges what came before and seeks to take the two very different images of Bond and melds them together as one. This makes me hopeful for the future films in the franchise.  Hopefully, in the next Bond movie, James will be back better than ever: erased of the cartoon lunacy of some of the previous movies and strengthened by the pain, suffering, and hardships he's endured to emerge not just as a top-notch spy with a dry wit, but as a fully human being that audiences can relate to and root for.    Recommended for fans of James Bond, people who have seen CASINO ROYALE, and people who enjoy dark action movies.
0739321005|5.0|These audio cd's are great. With Obama himself as narrator it makes it as if he were talking directly to you. Great listening during a long drive home.
0307455874|5.0|This is one fantastic, necessary read!  Barack Obama is a true visionary and articulate statesman, who writes accurately and with passion.  I found myself agreeing with almost everything in this book, especially his stance on government and it's more than ever needed role.  I am sick and tired of so many 'knee jerk', simpleton, right-wingers over-using the word 'socialist' to 'fan the flames' against government in general, when in fact, NO country has ever achieved true socialism.  Countries like Canada, Sweden, Germany, France, etc. are all 'mixed economy' capitalist nations, and their expanded role of government steps in where pure market capitalism fails.  We have a LOT to learn from them!  Given the many cyclical economic downturns our nation has weathered over the decades, it is evident that capitalism (now global capitalism) is not near the perfect system so many think it is.  Government's role in this global economy has increased by necessity, and is often the engine needed to help our limping economy get back on it's feet again, after free market failures have manifested themselves (AIG, bank bailouts, automotive bailouts, stimulus plan, etc.).  To read this book is to understand what crossroads we are at as a nation, and what we need to do to solve our most pressing issues, which are many.  Don't miss this book folks... it's that good!
B001GZ6QC4|5.0|I said before I saw this movie that no one could replace Jack Nicholson depiction of the joker, but Heath Ledger did a phenomenal job as the joker, I already knew the joker was crazy and Heath Ledger made it true on the screen. Heath Ledger is my favorite joker of all time.
B001PPGAIA|5.0|This movie has it all - don't listen to that hogwash that the Amazon review says.  There IS chemistry between the stars!  This movie has something for everyone.  And because you can watch it at home now the length doesn't have to keep you from viewing it.     The film is beautiful - the sound is great and the casting is perfect.  The heros are awesome and the villain is evil.  I just got my Pre-order and I couldn't even wait until after dinner to watch it!  This is a wonderful movie.  Well worth the money and NOT lackluster in any way!
B00003CX9E|5.0|This film isn't for everyone.<br /><br />Citizen Kane is an anomaly in the history of film.  Orson Welles came to Hollywood, a fervent, raging 24 year old theater and radio prodigy with no film background whatever.  He created in one film a tragedy meant to be larger in scope and power than any Shakespeare play, a film that would draw on the human need to piece together someone from stories and recollections (a non linear narrative- no film had ever been made in this way before), a film that would use every cinematic device available to tell it's story.  No studio ever gave a new director (or any director) this much power, and never had any new director seized on a such a complete vision for how to make a film in such a new way.  The script by Herman Mankiewicz used the life of newspaper tycoon William Randolph Hearst as it's main body, and this ignited a terrible battle of wills between Welles and Hearst. The included documentary 'the battle over Citizen Kane' is crucial in understanding these 2 men. Because the ultimate irony here is that the message of the lone businessman who runs off everyone in his search for love is really not Hearst's story at all, but Welles'. Welles lost all his clout, sank into obscurity, became an industry joke, and died. He became the bitter recluse, his onscreen creation. That's the real tragedy, here.
B0014NDXGA|5.0|Love my Tour V2! I've used it in conditions ranging from full sun to cloudy, and from windy to calm, with flag hanging limp, and have been able to get accurate readings to every pin I've shot at. There has not been one time that I have been unable to get distance to a tree, face of a trap, or even a rise in the fairway. Works better than I expected.
0740748475|5.0|This complete set of Calvin and Hobbes leaves nothing to desire. Each comic strip is marked the exact date when it was first published and the Sunday strips are in color. All 10 years of Watterson's comics are printed on art paper for a nice glossy finish. Each book weighs around 8 pounds so be careful with them, it's a bit of a hassle to carry. Besides that, every comic ever made is put in chronological order, excluding some comic stories that last 2 weeks in which the Sunday one is put afterward for your convenience, you can see each new character come in. This makes a great gift of any sort to comic-lovers and looks great even just as a shelf book although it may not fit just on any regular book case. Truly a piece of work for the ages to come.
055358894X|5.0|Usually when people recommend a book to me by calling it \\"hilarious,\\" I end up throwing the poor volume across the room and letting it rot behind the couch, so I didn't have high hopes. Maybe underestimating the book to begin with influenced my subsequent swooning; maybe it's just as good as I think it is. Either way, it tricked, lied, cheated, joked, and murdered its way past every one of my other favorites until it was sitting on top of a pyramid built of the cold, bloody corpses of every other book I've ever loved.    [...] Lies has everything I love in fiction: witty dialogue, heists, court intrigue, a protagonist who uses his brain more than his brawn, gritty noir, amazing filth, mafiosos, continuous action, angry sea creatures, irony that makes you kick your legs while you're reading, layers upon layers of backstabbery, and creatively torturous deaths. If that sounds good, your mouse should already be clicking its way toward the \\"Add to Cart\\" button.    Trust me, unless you were actually about to hand that eight dollars to a starving, orphaned kitten with a wooden leg, there is no better way to spend it than buying Scott Lynch's \\"The Lies of Locke Lamora.\\"
0965425169|5.0|I thought the reading was a bit difficult at first but then I got into the plot and the characters.  I completely fell in love with Sebastien's character and the new movie that's out is was just the icing on the cake for this book.
0316066524|4.0|I found this book to be entertaining and challenging.  Although it purports to be \\"accessible\\" - and is so, in a fashion - I would not characterize this as a light read.  The book requires a commitment of time, intellect, and emotion. But it is a suitably worthwhile and rewarding investment.  I found myself interacting quite a bit with the substantial end-notes, and kept a dictionary on hand to extract the most from it.  It takes a bit of work to parse everything that is going, especially in the beginning, but it is exciting as you start to see it coalesce.
B001EO2UJK|5.0|I obsessed over these recordings when they were new.  I continued to like Genesis for a few albums after the departure of Peter Gabriel.  However, for me, this was the prime period of the band.  I was able to see the band perfom live in 1975 for the Lamb Lies Down on Broadway Tour, but I alway wondered what it was like watching Gabriel's antics in the earlier years.    This box set is wonderful in that it gives some very insightful interviews from band members, even Anthony Phillips.  The concert videos are priceless in that they are full performances and not just snippets.  The 5.1 surround sound DVDs are crystal clear, I hear many things completely missed on my old vinyl and CD's.  I know I will spend many hours enjoying this box set.
B000NTPDSW|3.0|The passage of nearly 40 years hasn't been kind to this series of films. What was dazzling and electrifying to audiences back then, has been dulled by countless imitations--specifically the cable smash, The Sopranos.<br /><br /> In the original Godfather, performances still impress, especially Marlon Brando. Robert DiNiro in the sequel is still powerful.  But the way these movies were made, with long, long unbroken shots, a leisurely way of telling the story now come close to being boring. We have much dialogue, followed by silences and reaction shots, and many of us are impatient for something to happen.  In the beginning marriage sequence that starts The Godfather, minutes tick by until thirty minutes later, we're finally into a different scene.<br /><br />Some Oscar winning movies that were smash hits upon release sadly to not hold up for modern audiences.  The Godfather saga is one of them.
B001U1V3RW|5.0|I already have other Bicycle decks and it is one of the nicest. If you like Black Tiger or Ghost decks, you will like this new one. Black cards with a yellow rider back, hearts and diamonds are white and spades and clubs are yellow. The deck includes 3 gaff cards.  Very good quality and nice design that give your magic routines a nice touch.
B000Q6GUW0|5.0|My friend turned me on to this show, so I picked up the first season.  I was totally engrossed from episode 1 and in the interim bought the second season and finished that and have been waiting for the 3rd season to be released.  It is VERY well told, suspenseful and with constant payoffs.  In some series you kind of wait forever for things to happen.  With Dexter, there is always something driving you to watch the next episode to find out what happens with the incredible turn of events.  Absolutely love it.  Not for the squeamish or vocab sensitive.  But if you relish amazing storytelling and acting, this fits the bill in bloody spades, or plastic trash bags as the case may be.
0714834491|3.0|I found this book interesting that it provided me with several ideas and ways to think about a piece of art or a situation. I wasn't really engaged by this title, however, I really enjoyed all of the conversations I had with friends when they paged through this book. The reaction from my friends alone was enough to give this book three stars.
0060254920|5.0|This book is just as captivating to my 3 yr old son as it was to me when I was a child.  Thank you, Amazon, for making classic books so accessible.
B00011F5DK|5.0|Ok, let's describe the people at home who plays this:<br />-Dad=Doesn't like game of chance<br />-Mom=Loves Tetris and family games<br />-10 years old boy=Likes to win<br />-5 ys old girl=Likes to be with Mom and Dad<br />And we play, and play, once a day, twice sometimes, and when we don't want to play we usually only play with the little girl and teach her how to \\"attack\\" in the game.<br />The Dad loves this game because you actually have to think, it doesn't matter your luck and even if you make a mistake you can turn the tables at your favor.<br />The Mom just wants that nobody blocks her, because all that she wants is to make the perfect strategy to put all her pieces.<br />I really recommend this game for anybody, even if you are totally different from us.<br />You get better over time, the battles heat up :) and nobody complains or whines.<br />The only thing is be careful not to lose a piece, you will cry if you do.
B001NEK2GE|5.0|Logitech's G13 gameboard is a definitely step forward for this kind of PC gaming peripheral. I'm sure you've seen controllers that look similar to this one, but you can throw your experience with them out the window. With a built-in LCD screen, the ability to program custom macros and scripts, customizable back-lighting and a thumbstick that basically allows you to have six actions available with the flick of the thumb, it brings quite a bit to the mix.<br /><br />The keypad layout is nice, although it might initially seem a bit awkward, but it actually mimics the left-side of a standard keyboard nicely, with the keys curved ever-so-slightly to give a bit more of an ergonomic feel. Everything is well within reach. The thumbstick doesn't fare quite as well, as it's a bit on the sensitive side, but once you take that into account it's quite usable.<br /><br />Macros and scripting are a nice feature as well, although most users will only ever use the former. Thanks to the G13's built-in memory, you can even save your macros to the device, so if you take it on the go, they'll be readily available for an impromptu LAN-party. Using the macro editor is pretty straight forward if you've ever used one before...start...make needed key presses...end...voila, your macro. You can further customize your experience through scripting ([...]), but that's going to be something a lot of users, including myself, aren't going to want to get into very deeply.<br /><br />The LCD is probably the most noticeable feature on the G13, and reminds a lot of the LCD on the first iteration of Logitech's G11 gaming keyboard. It has the same customizable lighting as the keys, and will display game information if the game supports it. The resolution of the screen is an adequate 160x43 and the display is more than bright enough (you can turn off the backlight if you so desire). It might not be a feature many will use (want to keep your eyes with the on-screen action I'd think), but it makes the G13 look that much more impressive.<br /><br />All-in-all, I'd consider the G13 to be at the top of the heap when it comes to the one-hand PC \\"gameboard\\" controllers. It's got an impressive list of features, a comfortable key layout and the thumbstick does add another level of control once you get used to it. It's a bit on the pricey side, but for the gamer that's able to take advantage of everything it has to offer, the asking price will be well worth it.sive.    All-in-all, I'd consider the G13 to be at the top of the heap when it comes to the one-hand PC \\"gameboard\\" controllers. It's got an impressive list of features, a comfortable key layout and the thumbstick does add another level of control once you get used to it. It's a bit on the pricey side, but for the gamer that's able to take advantage of everything it has to offer, the asking price will be well worth it.
1400064287|5.0|A book you'll want to read again and again.  The power of stories and ideas made concrete to convey meaning that stays with you.  Review and full mind map here:  [...]    3D guy
B001AQO3WY|5.0|Generation Kill was first presented on HBO. If you're looking for combat, this isn't the movie for you. A Company of Marines is assigned to different tasks in the Bagdad area. Life inside this company shows the incompetence of many of the Officers. It also depicts another reason why the US should not be in Bagdad. One memorial line by a Marine as an Iraqi is killed, \\"Too bad, he would have loved democracy\\". And another by a female asking the NCO, \\"Why are you destroying our country?\\" The story was taken from the notes of a reported bedded with the Marines, so it is non-fiction.
B000LN7HUC|5.0|One of my best purchases.   Rock solid.   Entire cook kit weighs 11.6 oz  and everything (burner, wind screen / pot stand, pot handle) fits in the bowl.  Teflon coated skillet is the lid.  And if you're really weight conscious  replace the brass burner with aluminum to get down to 8oz.     Can store fuel in the stove so for a short trip where you're  only cooking once can just fill it up and not take a fuel bottle.     Pot is grooved so it fits on the stand and won't fall off on un-level  surfaces.    Simmer ring to knock the flame back.     Just a really well designed system.
B001AEF6IQ|5.0|I loved this show when it aired on BBCAmerica.  I loved it when I rented it on DVD.  I especially loved it when I watched it again on BluRay!  There are subtle details in the makeup and special effects that were lost in standard definition.  It looks so gorgeous, I can't wait for season 2 on BluRay so I can experience Torchwood the way the creative team meant for it to be seen.
0440244870|5.0|Its really good. haven't see the movie. but hopefully it so good like that book. Its easy to read and has a really nice ending.
B001EO748M|1.0|I had difficulties with this series - second disk was unplayable.  From what I saw, it was good, but very disappointed that I couldn't see the whole series.  I returned the series stating the reason and you were kind enough to send me one a  second time.  However, this happened three times, so finally you have checked into the situation and have given me a refund.  For this, I thank you very much.
B0001GMIOE|5.0|Got this battery as a spare to use in my grip.  Now I have more battery power than you could believe!  Great factory canon battery!
B001CTDH4Y|1.0|I am unsure how this sin against god even got past the idea stage. If not for the movie Bolt, I think Disney would have taken a nose dive. Not only do they use one of the ugliest dog breeds. The story is something that one would make up after an all nighter and then realize that a paper is due in an hour. If you are going to get your kids a movie that they will enjoy and you will enjoy multiple times just save yourself a headache and get Bolt. I can promise you after the first time you'll want to throw this disc out and wish you could get your money and that hour of your life back.
B001IB63KQ|4.0|For a live CD, it was ok. The beginning intro of the music part started off great. But then as it progressed it seems like she started to force her vocals. In the end I am not disappointed with this buy. I would recommened this if you are a live music fan. Paramore is a great group.
B000VEA30W|5.0|These guys are incredible musicians, and it shows on this album. The whole album is a trip, from beginning to end. The MVI is especially cool, because the behind the scenes look at making the album is just as slick as the album itself. Highly recommended for A7X fans, as well as for those looking for a new source of musical inspiration. Nice work, boys.
B0014BEDBQ|5.0|I love it!!!!!!!!!! He is so sexy and he gets a little personal with his interview. Anyone who likes Justin Timberlake should watch this. It is totally awesome! The best music show I have ever seen!!!!!!!! LOL!
B000000Y2R|5.0|I first heard the entire CD from local jazz station as their noon time live concert hour.....I had missed the anouncment at the start so...I did not know whoe are these musicians.....as I started to listen...I just froze....!!! so much energy was coming out of my speakers...I could not believe my ears....!!!so much momentum...groove...I started yealing... gee.... who are these people....I could more or less guess about the Parker or someone like him...or even Dizzy...but I had never heard them live  solo for so long on the stage till now. Those days these artists were recorded on 78-records that all together they could play for not more than 3.5 minutes....so no long solos were recorded...specialy live...( Charlie Parker died before the long playing records were widely available)....!! I started to screem...my wife said what's going on...I said listen to these people they play like there is no tomorrow...!!    Then I found out who these artists where....no wonder....  who cares about recording quality ....which I think is great considering the circumstances....who cares about balance....if you find a live recording of Mozart will you be picky about the sound...? come on....    This is 1953 and recoding technology was certainly very decent when came to recording bunch of forgatable entertainers...but our jazz greats...? ALL IGNORED...they had to record themselves...how sad....guess what has servived the test of the time...THIS music and the artsits....    evry none classical musician owes  these men ....who were the pioneers of the modern  music.    Charlie Parker...still ... nobody can play like him ...almost 55-years after his death. Listen to his frazings...you almost don't care what tune he is playing...he could change the time and the tempo at will..for me I don't care where he is...he opens up the music so much...with ideas after ideas...never repeating....how he creats tention and release...plays the blues...qoutes even classical music...his rythm variations...he was everything...even a drumer...!!!      Dizzy...makes you dizzy playing the trompet like a machine gun....    Max Roach...listen to him on the tune called WEE..so fast but so relaxed...wow...pay attention how he responds to every soloist when they leave  room for him...even a fraction of a second....he knows what they're up to...everytime now somebody tries to tell me about a rock drumer who he thinks is the best on the earth..I play this CD for them...they for ever shut-up....!!!    Bud Powell...this is jazz piano playing at it's best. He could mach any instrument. Every jazz piano player after him plays or at least tries to play his style...this is it....    Mingus....if you don't know about him by now...well go find out....he just happened to play the bass in the band...
B001HZ9ABM|5.0|I've loved this album for 40 years, the Bee Gees' masterwork as far as I'm concerned. Masterpeace, anyone? This collection is a gem, down to recreating the original red flocked cover. The mono version sonically reminds you that the Bee Gees really were a band while the stereo version swims more in Bill Shepherd's strings. The bonus cuts CD is a wonder: It follows the order of the album with some markedly different vocal and instrumental arrangements, and two previously unreleased songs tagged on at the end. For fans of the early Bee Gees, this release like those for the first three post-Australia albums is a collector's delight.
B00168OINK|5.0|In my case, this product does meet my need, because I am brazilian and this BR movie has languages and subtitles available in portuguese. =)
B001DTPZNY|4.0|We all have enjoyed these Indiana Jones movies. They have always entertained and seem to capture a little bit of our cultural hero worship for the good guy fighting the evil forces pretty well. This time around it's an intrigue with the meaning of the Crystal Skulls being the mystery to unravel. This movie is a nice exit for Indy as he has this one last adventure. It's been a good franchise for all concerned and we all happily live his adventures vicariously. This one is pretty good and gives this classy guy a nice sendoff while setting up what may be the new Indy in Shia Lebouef.
0930289234|2.0|I'm really amazed that Time magazine named this book \\"one of the best 100 novels since 1923.\\" Although it's understandable why Watchmen was  influential and important in the comic book world of the 1980's, the book is by no means \\"one of the best novels since 1923.\\" That claim is really quite absurd. Although I'm not arguing that the book is unreadable, it has nothing on even your average prose novelist. While it is entertaining, the dialogue, plot, and characterization are much too juvenile for this book to really be taken seriously (by anyone over the age of, say, 16).<br /><br />If you're looking for a dark comic that influenced subsequent dark comics, then you'll be satisfied with Watchmen. However, if you're looking for a literary graphic novel, this isn't it.  For truly literary graphic novels that can compete with prose novelists, you'll have to look elsewhere. I'd recommend the work of Daniel Clowes.<br /><br />Also, parents should be forewarned against buying this for young children since this book contains some nudity, disturbing sexual situations, and very graphic violence.
B00177YA1K|5.0|I'm taking this opportunity to opine not only to say that the movie is great fun, it's worth buying to check this out, but also to say that sometimes the Full Screen edition of a movie is a thousand times better than the Widescreen. Sometimes a studio or director decide to film in 35 (Full Screen) and then somebody decides to chop off the bottom and top of the movie in order to make it Widescreen and thus remove like 25% of what one can see. Other movies are filmed in Widescreen and then mutilated to Full Screen for the DVD edition by chopping off the left and right sides. There are tens of thousand such cases which I can't mention here 'cause of lack of space. There are even cases in which nor the Full Screen or the Widescreen give you the whole filmed image of the movie. The bottom line is that I BOUGHT THIS EDITION BECAUSE IT IS FULL SCREEN AND I HAVE MORE IMAGE TO WATCH. The only way to discover this, for the time been, is by having a movie on a DVD and compare the image whenever one can catch the movie on TV. Don't always trust the info on the back of the DVD box.  Again, Tommy Lee Jones and Will Smith team in a sci-fi action comedy that can entertain just about anybody. Excellent CGIs and FXs as well a touch of human feelings and the possibility that ... we're not alone.
B001G0LBZ6|5.0|product was recieved in a fast process and in good quality. i would reccomend this cd to anyone who greatly enjoyed the movie.
B0001L3LUE|4.0|Few figures in our shared history hold such a tragic place as Robert S. McNamara who served during the Kennedy and Johnson administrations.  Even fewer ever manage to find redemption.  Here, in this very well-made documentary, Mr. McNamara does exactly that---finds redemption as he carefully analyzes the situation as it then existed between the U.S. and Vietnam, takes an honest look in the mirror (at his personal role in the foreign policy committments of the period), and shares his thoughts with us, the American public.  And that is what's striking: there are so few people in politics who would ever examine the course taken and PUBLICALLY address mistakes that had been made: this is what we did, this is why we did it, these are the results of the actions we took, and---hindsight always being clearer than what we experience \\"in the moment\\"---this is what we can learn from the past.  It is in this last respect, in learning from the past, where the subject of this caring documentary shines as extraordinarily valuable!      The raw honesty of the situation should commend Mr. McNamara to anyone willing to listen.  Not because he asks us for forgiveness---because he wants us to learn from it, to gain understanding.  Mr. McNamara realizes that the past has something to offer us.  And we should give well-deserved applause to the director, Errol Morris, for a job very well done.  His contribution to our understanding of a terribly difficult period in American history is invaluable.
031606792X|5.0|I LOVED this book! I really don't understand all the bad reviews it got!     I was worried I would not enjoy it after reading the reviews. I am not going to go into detail about the book as it ruins it, people read reviews before they read the book so they don't want to know what happens before they read it!     I just wanted to say I was hooked on the first three books and I could not put this one down either. I pictured what I thought would happen...but it all turned out SO much better!
B000QUEQBS|5.0|Mark Wahlberg does an amazing job as an ex Marine gunner (sniper) who tries throughout the movie to prove his innocence after being sabotaged.  He uses all his skills he's learned as a Marine to keep himself alive and get back at those who framed him and tried to kill him.  You won't be disappointed!
0525951113|4.0|SOMEWHAT ALARMING IN ITS CONCEPT, BUT MAY BE CLOSER TO THE TRUTH THAT WE REALIZE.  GENERALLY EASY TO READ, BUT YOU MAY HAVE TO KEEP TRACK OF A LARGE NUMBER  OF CHARACTERS.  I LOOK FORWARD TO HIS NEXT BOOK.
B000LPQ6DE|5.0|I thought that I didn't need another rendition of Jane Eyre.  I loved the William Hurt and Charlotte Gainsbourgh version.  But upon seeing the reviews for this adaptation, I was tempted and succumbed.  I was thoroughly moved by this production.  Both of the lead characters, while unusual looking, were appealing, real, and immediate.  I loved Mr. Rochester's pompous, petulant and cold demeanor, you know it is only a shell that he wears to cover his broken heart.  Will Jane be able to end his torment? If not maybe I could!  But alas, she does with a passionate and real life portrayal of an inspiring character that has suffered, been tormented and heartbroken.  The supporting cast was both familiar and superb.  My whole family enjoyed this.  If you're a BritLit fan like me, it will have you running for your well worn copy of Jane Eyre that hasn't been touched since your teenage years.
B000Q66PXE|5.0|As 21st century citizens of the world, we like to think of ourselves as more enlightened and progressive than civilizations of the past, like the ancient Roman Empire.  However, having viewed the HBO production of Rome - The Complete First Two Seasons, I have to offer my opinion that we delude ourselves.  If anything, the ancient Romans were simply more honest about their basic depravity than modern humans are prone to be.  If we factor in the world wars of the 20th century, Nazi death camps, and the wholesale slaughter of tens of millions of men, women, children and babes in arms during warfare, ancient Romans might admire the refinements in cruelty which 20th and 21st century humans have achieved.    To see how we are no better than the ancient Romans were, watch Rome - The Complete First Two Seasons.  Filmed in Rome with Roman extras on the sets, you'll see a magnificent recreation of the Roman Empire as it began its Imperial Age.  Remember, as you watch, that we are no better than they were, only more deluded by our false claims of humanitarian progress.
B00127RAJY|5.0|I've been doing this workout on and off (weekday mornings) for a few months and I've lost the dreadful freshmen 15 and then some. Her workouts are no joke and when I'm not complaining about how sore I am, I love every bit of it. If you feel as though this workout isn't enough, her new videos (No More Trouble Zones and Boost Your Metabolism) are painful, yet incredibly effective sequels.
B0006AAS5G|5.0|The watch arrived in the typical bright yellow Invicta box.  A very nice, well constructed box, which provides superb protection.  I have always liked Invicta watches and own a Submariner, Off-shore Classic, Ghost Diver and a Women's Submariner for my wife's weekend watch(I own a Rolex Sub, but use the Invicta Sub for daily wear).  They are all well constructed watches which keep time as accurately as I need.  I have always admired the Rolex Daytona and recently had a chance to look at the Speedway.  This is much more watch than I expected.  Like the Sub, it's a near spitting image of the Rolex Daytona.  Sure it has a Japanese heart, but so does Seiko, Citizen and a host of others that keep accurate time and are respected timepieces.  I've heard that earlier Speedways didn't work like a Rolex.  I was told that the second hand would tick off minutes but was not controlled by the chrongraph buttons and that the small center eye was the timer hand for the tachymeter.  Poppycock !!!  The center eye ticks off each second and the sweep second hand is used as the tachymeter just like it should.  The watch components are very well made, the fit and finish are excellent, and it keeps time as good any any other watch.  It gets compliments when worn and has the weight one would expect from a quality tachymeter.  Enjoy your watch.  you won't find a better deal anywhere.
B001NFNFNU|4.0|I can't say much about the film's story without giving anything away. I will hint at one thing, for those who have seen it, and that hint is chicken farm. I was incredibly upset by the way Clint Eastwood shot that memory scene as described by one character. Please be warned. It was required to appreciate the deserved fate of one character toward the end. I however question if that whole aspect of the story needed to be in as much detail as presented. Because of it, I can't watch the film ever again.  The film itself starts out in 1928 Los Angeles. Clint Eastwood gets the era totally right as far as costumes and scenes. I wonder if he studied Hal Roach comedies like Laurel and Hardy and Our Gang or Harold Lloyd comedies. So many of these films involved much street location filming and Clint Eastwood just matches it perfectly. I imagine computer graphics were employed to present 1928 Los Angeles.  The police corruption, the mystery of the boy's disappearence, etc. are very involving. I just wish the chicken farm component was played down.   By the way, in a small part can be seen one of my favorite actors, Amy Ryan. I think she is one of the very best of contemporary actors in cinema. See her in \\"Gone, Baby, Gone,\\" in a dead-on performance of a very real character type.
B001PPGAIK|1.0|We tried two different copies of this blu-ray disc from the video store on our player, which has the latest upgrade, but neither would play.  Apparently the manufacturer of this disc doesn't care if people waste their money on a blu-ray that hasn't been made to common standards.    Avoid!
B001GKYBXA|5.0|This is a great album if you want to listen to some \\"out of the ordinary\\"<br />music from Paul McCartney.  We loved it.  He does some fun experimental stuff in the studio.  It still sounds like him, but a lot of this music sounds like it could have been written in different eras!<br /><br />Amazon has a great price on it too.  Can't beat it!!
B00003OSU4|5.0|Excellent transfer of a great concert film. Seller was accurate in all aspects. I would certainly do business, with him again.
B000MRAAJW|4.0|The Planet Earth BBC version is obviously spectacular as for the visual effects, camera angles etc.. The dvd is good olde fashioned family entertainment a sorta \\"Wild Kingdom\\" on steroids. The dvd can get quite repetitive with the camera angles and after the first dvd you tend to know what to expect. The dvd definitely has its distinct presentation style. I would have given the dvd FIVE stars but I must admit due to the repetitive nature of the technical camera work I found myself getting bored at some points. However, in defense of Planet Earth I am one who gets bored with 95% of the movies I watch (lack of sleep). Overall Planet Earth BBC version is a wonderful family event and is worthy of your dvd collection.
B001PPLIFU|5.0|I have only seen this film in theaters, but it was an excellent action movie. Comparing to so many other movies that came out in 2008, it stood far above everything else. Great action, great acting, great story and a excellent visuals.    I was also impressed by the political aspect of the film: The CIA was depicted as doing wrong (which is true to life). And the water shortage in Bolivia is also true to life.     Many regular people don't know that a parallel real life situation took place in Bolivia, in which Bechtel Corp. bought up all water rights and doubled the price of water overnight, while getting local corrupt politicians to make it illegal to collect rainwater (!!). Poor Bolivians became desperate and protested, but the police responded by murdering a teenage protester in the town of Cochabamba.     Thus this is a wonderful film not just because it's great action, but because it imitates life so well.
B000TGCR38|5.0|Since I was born in The Netherlands, this movie hits home. Fantastic. Excitement from beginning to end. Well played by the actors.
0307346617|5.0|What can I say, this book is amazing in terms of the kind of detail the author went into telling the story. With the story told from different perspectives of individuals after the event really lends some weight to the whole book. If the zombie war ever happens, this is probably how it will play out or at least very closely. I cannot recommend this book enough, I made a buddy of mine read it, and had to steal my copy back. I have read this book a few times in the last month and a half or so and will probably read it again and again, its just that good. The atmosphere is captured amazingly well from chapter to chapter, characters are given their proper due in formation of who they are, where they have been, and where they are going. If your into this style of book you wont be disappointed.
B001P5HI4A|5.0|I was really excited when after 25 years after Yentl first came out of the screen, they are releasing a Director's Cut 2-Disc DVD. Even though there were other DVD editions out there, this one is definitive because it is officially endorsed by Barbra Streisand herself.    I love the fact that everything was digitized and \\"cleaned\\" giving out a more clear picture and movie experience.    I also loved the fact that the deleted scenes were incorporated into the selections of how you want to watch the movie - either in the original theatrical release or the extended version.    The personal video archives of Ms. Streisand were an added bonus giving us glimpses of the genius of Barbra's directorial debut. PLUS the bloopers especially the bathing scene by the lake. Hehe!    I also loved the fact that Amazon is really competitive with the pricing. I pre-ordered this DVD and it was a bit high but when it was finally released, I got a big discount which is nice because then it will make the movie worth dollar for dollar.    All in all I am completely satisfied. I have ordered DVDs from Amazon before, and with their good track record, I am sure this will not be my last.
B001LPWGE6|5.0|Having seen all three films on the silver screen the experience in HD is superb. It brings an extra dimension to the film and makes the experience more enjoyable. Superb trilogy highly recommended, even more so now in HD.
B000T9OP7G|5.0|As stated already, great show.  I'm only adding my five-star-vote on the off chance that the studios give a crap.  After FOX studio cancelled FIREFLY--I thought I better start adding my two cents worth whenever a great show is still broadcasting--before studios cancel them all!
0439023483|5.0|I could not put this book down until I had to (a girl has to sleep).  I loved and hated the constant suspense (hated in a good way).  I finished The Hunger Games the next morning and I cannot wait for the second book coming out Sept 1st, 2009!
0061122416|2.0|This is an allegory about following your bliss. I think that Eat, Pray, Love, or even Under the Tuscan Sun, does a much better job with this topic as a memoir. Still, this is a hugely popular book for reasons I cannot fathom. It's about a boy, Santiago, who gives up his life as a shepherd in Spain to act on a dream of finding a treasure at the Pyramids. I felt like I was rereading The Celestine Prophecy or something by Richard Bach, and that's not intended as a compliment. At least it was a fast read, and Coelho is very equal-opportunity where religion is concerned. I have to admit that I found interesting his suggestion that your loved ones should support you in your quest rather than feel neglected. I agree, up to a point, but relationships need nurturing, too. I also enjoyed the convenient New Age philosophy that the world \\"conspires\\" to help you achieve your goal, if you want it and strive for it with your whole heart. Does this mean that if I fail in my quest that I just didn't go after it hard enough? What if I was just ill-suited to that particular dream? I haven't read The Secret, but I wonder if it preaches the same gospel. Also, why is the ultimate pursuit called a \\"Personal Legend\\"? I can't help wondering if this is a translation problem. Doesn't a legend usually imply something that happened in the past? Anyway, read at your own risk.
B00005JLEJ|5.0|Kagemusha...originally I planned to 4 stars due to several problems I had with this film. But after watching maybe 10 minutes worth of commentary by a Kurosawa specialist on the disc's special features and then brushing up on my Japanese medieval period history documented in this film, I came away satisfied enough to give it 5 stars. Its very rare a movie of this magnitude be less 4 stars, due to the sheer technical difficulties of production. Occasionally you get cheese like \\"Gods and Generals\\" but I digress... if you want a great plot synopsis look elsewhere, you will not find it on my post or anywhere on Amazon.<br /><br />Basically it comes down to this...your looking at either buying or renting this movie. You need to rent this if you are Japanese cultural or film lover. You'll probably want to buy it because its one of those movies that will get better each time you view it due to its rich symbology, political intrigue, and entertaining characters. Im not sure how it rates to all of Kursowa's movie due to the fact I haven't seem them all (ive seen 14 of the 30 films of his) Give you an idea of what im thinking....Rashomon is my favorite film by him but 7 samurai is what I think to be his most complete film. This movie deserves to be in that short list of his great movies. My only gripe with this movie is the horn heavy orchestration. It felt out of place within the movie; as if I'm watching a roman psycho drama. Don't be disgruntled by the ending, it is merely a visual condensation and distillation in which the new Takeda daimyo wrecked the clan in such a short time frame after Shingen's ruse is no  longer in effect.
140003180X|3.0|Alexander McCall Smith's tales of Botswana bear similarities to those of small-town U.S.A. but with a unique cultural slant. When Precious Ramotswe needs information for one of her detective agency's clients, she just visits a friend for a chat and a cup of tea to get the latest gossip. She is nonplussed by the sudden appearance of a rival detective agency and faces the problem head-on by going to his office to introduce herself. Despite the fact that he's all bluster and no substance, he's a former police officer, and that may be all her neighbors need to believe that he's a more qualified detective. The title refers to a venture that her assistant, Mma Makutsi, initiates as a sideline, so that men can learn what's considered to be a woman's skill in a private setting. There Mma Makutsi finds a potential love interest who, Precious discovers, is not what he seems. I knew that everything would turn out OK in the end, but I still enjoyed reading how Precious manages it, without hurting anyone's feelings.
B000LRY9PY|5.0|Almost two years ago, during the course of a school program, I heard \\"Like a Star\\" for the first time, as it was the background selection used by a dance group.  I was, figuratively, blown away by Rae's mesmerizing vocals and had to hear more from the young artist.<br /><br />I'm glad that I opted to buy the double CD over the original release because it offers the listener the chance to really appreciate Rae's diversity, as she tackles a variety of styles, from R & B to jazz to \\"torch\\" songs.<br /><br />Corinne Bailey Rae's voice is reminiscent of so many vocal stylists like Billie Holliday and current favorite Erykah Badu; However, she is painting her own place in the musical landscape and this double-CD - especially on the covers on disc 2 - is the perfect introduction to a singer that's destined for a long career in music.
B00004W5A6|5.0|WOW this is a GREAT CD!  Just get this one you wont be sorry. Sound Quality is AWESOME!!
B001CTDH4Y|5.0|My fiance and I had seen ads for Beverly Hills Chihuahua on TV and thought it looked pretty funny. I was skeptical, though, because previews usually highlight the best parts of movies which are, sometimes, the ONLY good parts. We went to see it anyway and laughed through the whole thing! The movie included the kind of humor that young kids love PLUS a lot of subtle humor for the adults. I am buying the DVD so I can catch all the little comments, etc. that I probably missed the first time around. (I was too busy laughing!) You don't have to be a Chihuahua-owner to thoroughly enjoy BHC. In fact, two of my favorite characters were a green iguana and a rat who are little scam artists. Very very funny. Disney did an amazing job of integrating animation with voiceovers, real actors and computer-generated characters. Definitely see this movie - no matter what your age - you'll LYAO!
B001NKI60W|1.0|Don't get me wrong....I like Meryl Streep a lot, Pierce Brosnan is okay, too.  Individually, the cast has some credentials.  I even like the music of ABBA.  But when you put them all together and try to spin a story based on the lyrics it is more than very very bad.  It is moronic.  The movie Hard Days Night was more imaginative.  Any episode of the Monkees flows more smoothly.  If these were my friends I would be embarrassed for them.  It is that bad.
068485743X|5.0|If you want a no-nonsense guide on how NOT to write (and why), then buy this book. It gets straight to the point and is a great reference to come back to. Highly recommended!
B001TCNSOI|4.0|This was better than I expected.  I'm not sure why....could be because it is an Eastwood film.  He is better behind the camera than he is in front of it. John Malkovich is good as well.
B000MGATTE|3.0|Let me start by saying that I am a Stephen King fan.  He has always written well and has great command of language.  The scary parts are scary and the alternate world he creates is interesting.  Having said that, if any book could have used some editing it's this one.  The book is way longer than it needs to be and contains too much material that does not move the story forward.     Another thing, you know how the pet names other people have for each other are annoying to you?  Same thing here;  I was continuously distracted by Lisey's/Scott's little lovey-dovey names and mannerisms.  We get it, they loved each other but as in real life, pet names are nice between you and your partner but nauseating to others.    Not his best work.
B000002HHC|4.0|Tigerlily is fifty-two minutes and six seconds long and was released on June 20, 1995. Tigerlily reached #13 on the U.S. Billboard 200 Album and #32 U.S. Billboard Top 40 Mainstream charts. This was Natalie Merchant first solo album after leaving 10,000 Maniacs. The music is comprised of mainstream, Adult Contemporary and soft rock sound. Since this is my first cassette that I own of Natalie Merchant, I can't go into further details and my opinion about her is still open. Still I am giving Tigerlily by Natalie Merchant a B+.     Side One     San Andreas Fault   Wonder   #16 U.S. Billboard Modern Rock Tracks   #7 U.S. Billboard Top 40 Mainstream   #18 U.S. Billboard Adult Contemporary   #1 U.S. Billboard Adult Top 40 Recurrents   #2 U.S. Billboard Adult Top 40   #20 U.S. Billboard Hot 100 Singles   #12 U.S. Cash Box Magazine Top Singles  Beloved Wife   River   Carnival   #8 U.S. Billboard Adult Top 40   #8 U.S. Billboard Adult Contemporary  #10 U.S. Billboard Hot 100 Singles   #12 U.S. Billboard Modern Rock Tracks   #6 U.S. Billboard Top 40 Mainstream   #1 U.S. Billboard Adult Top 40 Recurrents   #9 U.S. Cash Box Magazine Top Singles    Side Two     I May Know the Word   The Letter   Cowboy Romance   Jealousy   #23 U.S. Billboard Hot 100 Singles   #1 U.S. Billboard Adult Top 40 Recurrents   #17 U.S. Billboard Adult Contemporary   #5 U.S. Billboard Adult Top 40   #8 U.S. Billboard Top 40 Mainstream   #10 U.S. Cash Box Magazine Top Singles  Where I Go   Seven Years
B000FSME1A|5.0|The king of war movies. The film highlights the fact that often there is no one behind the wheel as the war machine rolls forward with devastating results. It reveals some of the ugly truths about war and points a finger directly at those on the upper end of the chain of command. Other films have more graphic combat scenes but this one goes much deeper that the ground fight. It gets under your skin and you will refer to it whenever the subject of waging war arises.
0452285186|3.0|I thought it would be a lot funnier than it was.  I think everyone else hypes this book up too much and set it up for disappointment.  Cute book to sit by your toilet for guests, but other than that, it is just something you will read only once.  I found the book of 101 uses for a dead cat much better.
0307388840|5.0|Wow!  There are almost 800 reviews already for this book.  I'm glad about that because this is a book that should be read.<br /><br />Ian McEwan certainly has a way with words. This novel is beautifully written and the plot is so intricately developed that it reminds me of Russian stacking dolls.<br /><br />Without giving away the crux of this wonderful book, let me say that it weaves in and out of the present into the past and back again.  In World War I England, Briany is a young impressionable girl who witnesses an event that she misinterprets.  Does she really believe what she says she saw or does she tell a tale for her own devices?  Regardless of her motives, her story has lifelong irrevocable implications for her sister and her lover.<br /><br />This is a book that will be long remembered once the last page is read.  It is poignant, tragic and beautiful.  I feel enriched for having read it.
1416550534|5.0|This is a great old-fashioned read with shades of Wuthering Heights, Upstairs Downstairs, Water for Elephants, Possession, the list goes on.  Fortunately, Ms. Morton is very honest about her debt to those who have gone before, and if this isn't exactly a cutting edge novel, who cares?<br />It's complicated and surprising, rich in historical details about Upstairs/Downstairs style British life in the Edwardian era and Roaring Twenties. If I found my Inner Jaded Reader saying, \\"This is exactly like...\\" several times, that's my problem and I still loved this book!
B0013FFMOK|4.0|This is a remake of the original film starring Charlton Heston in \\"The Omega Man\\" A lot of good detail is missing from this remake.
630469654X|5.0|I found this to be one of more likable medieval (13th century) fantasy movies I've ever seen. It works because of the great mixture of action, beautiful photography, likable lead characters, humor, touching romance, suspense and no offensive language. Yes, here is an adult film that everyone can watch, and that' no clich.    Rutger Hauer and Michelle Pfeiffer are handsome leads but Matthew Broderick, as \\"Phillipe Gaston,\\" is the star of the show. He provides the humor and is involved in almost every scene.    There is a lot of \\"religion\\" in here, both shown positively and negatively. Broderick's character acknowledges God and constantly talks to Him. Hauer refers to Him, too, but Broderick is the talker. However, here is yet another case of a French Catholic clergyman being the evil \\"bad guy.\\" (Is one ever shown in a positive light?) John Wood effectively plays the nasty \\" Bishop of Aqulia.\\"    This is a \\"curse\\" story about two humans who turn into hawk (Pfeiffer) and wolf (Hauer) by day/night never seeming to be human at the same time so they can be lovers and live happily ever after.    Overall, even though it's about 15 minutes too long, it is a solid film and one that has been enjoyed by everyone I know who has seen it. Now, if a sharp Blu-Ray could be made of this, I'd buy it all over again.
B000W0DE7O|5.0|Simply Red in the best of the best time.<br />The concert is an art itself.As always Mick brings 1st class show.<br />I would recommend to get this DVD w/ the concert of Simply Red from Sicily from a few years back.<br />This should be classic of present music from Europe.
B000YJ54DU|1.0|I have read and loved all the prior Jack Reacher novels.  Obviously, some were better than others, but each left me wanting to read the next adventure of this anti-social hero.  UNTIL ... I picked up and started to read Nothing to Lose.  Not only was the plot weak and uninteresting, but suddenly (it seems to me) Jack developed a political agenda.  Why do writers like Child and Grisham stop doing the thing that made them successful and gave them an audience and start \\"making statements\\" that frankly, I don't want to hear.  I can turn on the TV anytime and get all the left-wing, anti-American gibberish I want.  I don't want to ruin my favorite leisure activity (reading action packed fiction) by having to endure the diatribes of self-anointed political activists.  I'm now in the process of looking for another author to read who hasn't fallen into this trap.  Any suggestions would be appreciated.
B001JNNDBA|4.0|A bizarre, stunningly original film that shows clear influence from writer Philip K. Dick and his surreal novels/short stories and film directors like David Lynch/David Cronenberg, \\"Donnie Darko\\" even sounds like a Phil Dick novel title. The plot concerns a giant rabbit in a bizarre twist of the film \\"Harvey\\" that tells teenage Donnie that his mission is to save the world and how he has the ability to manipulate space and time. A quirky mixture of cultural satire and science fiction, \\"Donnie Darko\\" may be an acquired taste but if you have a taste for the off-beat, then you'll love the film.<br /><br />My focus here is on the Blu-ray presentation of the film and while it looks better than the two previous DVD releases of the film, the Blu-ray is not a huge leap up. I've been underwhelmed by many of Fox's recent Blu-ray catalog releases and this one isn't an exception. While images are a bit clearer here they still appear flat and the darker scenes aren't rendered with as much detail as one would expect from a Blu-ray.<br /><br />The major advantage of this Blu-ray is that it features both the \\"Director's Cut\\" and original theatrical cuts of the film which feature some different songs and with the former running about 20 minutes longer with a more lucid, involving story than the latter. All of the extras have been ported over from the two DVDs in high def so that's good news for fans. If, however, you already have this on DVD in both versions I'd suggest waiting to buy this on Blu-ray since the image quality while better isn't a huge leap (unlike some other catalog titles). I suspect that this was rush released using older high definition transfers because of the direct-to-video sequel that Fox is releasing in March. Fox should have spend as much time on new, pristine high def transfers for this rather than rely on older elements because it clearly shows in the presentation here.<br /><br />While this is a terrific film, I can't suggest taking the plunge if you already have the first two movies on DVD. While this looks slightly better than the previous version and features all the extras from BOTH the theatrical and \\"Director's Cut\\" of the movie, you might do well to spend your money on something that you don't already have on home video.<br /><br />Five stars for the movie--3 stars for the transfer and 4 stars for the extras.ies on DVD. While this looks slightly better than the previous version and features all the extras from BOTH the theatrical and \\"Director's Cut\\" of the movie, you might do well to spend your money on something that you don't already have on home video.    Five stars for the movie--3 stars for the transfer and 4 stars for the extras.
0439023483|5.0|This book was great and had me on the edge of my seat the whole time.  I wish it was longer so I could enjoy it more.  I hate that I have to wait until Sept. for the 2nd one to come out.  Already pre-ordered.
B001PPGAIK|5.0|I cannot understand how the Oscars could almost completely ignore this epic motion picture. This is old fashioned movie making at its best!. Sure it is sometimes corny and sugar-coated, but at the same time it can be cruel and poignant. This movie has it all: spectacular cinematography, a sweeping musical score, great performances by the entire cast, laughter, romance, tears, action, you name it. The movie brought back memories of \\"the Cowboys\\", \\"Father Goose\\", \\"Pearl Harbor\\", \\"The Lion King\\",\\"Gone with the Wind\\",\\"Cinema Paradiso\\" and obviously \\"The Wizard of Oz\\". In other words , it is a cinematic celebration set in a continent  with much history unknown, and a mystery to many. The director achieved his goal in his homage to his native continent of Australia!. The Blu-ray transfer is magnificent, and surpassed any 35mm projection I have seen in theatres recently. It looked like 70mm in sharpness front projected in full 1080p on my 10.5 foot wide PANAVISION screen. This is a MUST have in any serious film collector's library!
B0000024W3|2.0|Hm<br /><br />Its a pretty wretched album. Theres the odd good track (Quinn the Eskimo) but - God! - what on earth is he thinking crooning with himself on \\"The Boxer\\"<br /><br />I can't imagine this being pulled out too much. Its not bad, as such. Songs like Belle Isle, The Boxer.. they're actually good songs<br /><br />But Dylan sounds really bored. Minstrel Boy - what is that? Even the Band sound bored on that track<br /><br />Are there interesting tracks? Sure! But so much of this album isn't really sung very well. I mean, God help us, I hope Bob didn't spend much time singing these tracks<br /><br />Certainly the mans worst double album<br /><br />Theres always the case of a double album that can be whittled down to a GREAT single album. Blonde on Blonde, The Beatles White Album.. they would've sounded great with songs like \\"Revolution 9\\" left off<br /><br />But where does that leave Self Portrait? Do you just have a 45 single of the tolerable tracks (Wigwam, Sadie, Tired horses)<br /><br />I can't imagine many Dylan fans really play this album too much. Granted, Down in the Groove is more bland (at least here the songs are more memorable - you NEVER forget Dylan's take on \\"The Boxer\\" - ouch!)<br /><br />His worst? I don't know. Maybe Dylan, or Dylan and the Dead. Or the wretched Budokan double set (which is ruined by a flute on several numbers; indeed you can barely recognize \\"Maggies Farm\\"!)<br /><br />Its an .. interesting .. album. Dylan went into the studio pretty damned quick after the reviews savaged this. Thankfully he went on to better things (the Band helping out bigtime on a live and studio disc on Asylum)<br /><br />But by this point, Dylan obviously didn't care. Definitely this album is in his bottom 5. The only thing more painful is watching all four hours of Renaldo and Clara<br /><br />A wretched dispirited disc altogether!
0743270754|1.0|Here is more fodder for the fire as people bow before the alter of the tyrant Lincoln. If you want honesty for Lincoln's actual actions please read Thomas DiLorenzo's \\"The Real Lincoln.\\" Let us see tyrants as they are, not as we wish for them to be.
B000GH3CVQ|4.0|this album takes me on a swimming dream I've had over the years....swell swells, northern lakes.
B00068IOWC|3.0|With what was becoming the norm, the once vibrant group continued to fight off mediocrity mainly through an under-sung guitarist's singular sonics, and an old habit of kicking those anthemic choruses out of the park on occasion when not sleep-walking through the playbook. Give U2 credit for still not faltering in releasing albums worth owning despite their decline in quality.
0896762629|5.0|The shirt and smock patterns are easy to reproduce, and are beautiful in modern fabrics.  This is a wonderful book, in Ms. Arnold's fine tradition.
B00008OLYN|3.0|3 1/2    It was nice to hear a darker metal group taking that tone into acoustic realms. Not being a huge fan of death metal in general, this tends to get the most play out of Opeth's above-standard releases in the house, but what was initial enthusiasm in the approach has diminished to more standardized appreciation with eight powerful, if fleeting melodic memories.
B000VFY7H6|4.0|Jack never fails to delight : he is fearless, reckless, doesn't know why he goes where he does and gets himself in a seemingly hopeless situation. But he finds himself between two towns : Hope and Despair, and the names fit.  There is definitely something WRONG in Despair - he is forcefully removed - kicked out literally; In Hope he finds a friendly female sheriff,& strange young women waiting for something or somebody. He finds a body in the desert - Who is he? An old man runs the town of Despair, has a strange philosophy somehow connected to a military installation and his large factory that makes what?? And where does the old man fly off to every night and return hours later? Hours of reading suspense with the daredevil Reacher.
B000003TSP|4.0|Solid synth-spook abound, as the former trip-hop's accessibly sour tone is grimed and slowed further down. It may not be the revolution Dummy was, or even as far ranging and pretty, but is still nearly as consistent a follow up possible, definitely worthy of name recognition, unlike their latest.
0743455967|5.0|Though I've been a long-time fan of Stephen King [well, more a fan of his earlier works actually], I had  put off reading \\"On Writing\\" for some reason. When I did read it, I found it to be an insightful read into King's life and also on the craft of writing. The first part of the book is about King's life - childhood, his life struggles, his family and also the accident that almost cost him his life. The second part of the book deals with the writing craft, but this isn't really a how-to book on writing - instead it gives us insight into how King himself approaches writing and his Prime Rule: Read a lot and write a lot. He does cover some basics, but once again, these are written in a down-to-earth manner that will entertain non-writers just as much as they serve up hints to aspiring writers. All in all, \\"On Writing\\" is not so much a manual about writing as a craft as it is a perceptive look at King the author, in his own words, as well as his approach to the craft.
031606792X|5.0|I had heard, because of the reviews on Amazon, that Breaking Dawn was a major disappointment.  I still couldn't wait to read it.  I found it to be just as exciting as the first three books, but with a lot more action than any of them had.  The truth is, nothing stays the same.  I can only guess that is why some readers are negative about it.
B001C08RHA|2.0|This IRON TURKEY isn't a flick you're likely to want to view twice.  Oh, it may well be a reasoable or even a competent recreation of a Marvel Comic strip Superhero, I don't know because prior to the film's publicity I was unfamiliar with the Superhero.  But, the publicity campaign was effective and the effort was touted as having been produced with a high level of artistic skill and vision.  Nevertheless, five or ten minutes of viewing time, showed the effort to be considerably below the level of other recent films in the Cape/Action/Superhero genre.  It was patently inferior to HELLBOY, for example, on every level.  Or the latest BATMAN.    What's it about?  Not much.  The first fifteen minutes of the film is so dark and the sound is so confused and muddy, one sits stymied, wondering what comes next.  All this takes place somwhere in the Afghanistan-Pakistan border area.  An American arms manufacturer is captured by terrorists of some sort, who live in caves.  (All very well played and costumed, by the way; most effective.)  They want this man, Tony Stark of Stark Munitions, to make a \\"guided\\" missle for them.  Tony has been seriously wounded and now wears a sort of big flashlight diode aray where his sternum ought to be.  (Idiotic justification.)  Aided by a doomed multi-lingual individual of uncertain origin -- who is somewhat interesting in spite of the far-fetched and murky dialogue -- Stark builds a self-powered, napalm-spurting flying suit of armor, and escapes the cave.  He crashes in the desert and is promptly picke up by American copters.  Next, he has a one-line epiphany on his way home, which he announces at an impromptu news conference.  He intends to lead Stark Enterprises \\"out of the munitions business.\\"  Into what, everyone wants to know?  \\"I don't know yet,\\" he replies.    Now here we have to pay close attention to Jeff Bridges as he proceeds to fold the movie up, stick it in his breast pocket and walk away with it.  He's absolutely terrific; the best thing in the movie, by far, playing the role Kris Kristoffersen aced often, and last for Wesley Snipes; that of the substitute father-figure.  Here he's Big Daddy Warbucks with a shaved head and white beard, sporting good suits and an enormous cigar.  A baddie too, for all the difference it makes.  But so good and so likeable you yearn to see him from scene to scene until, at the very end, he re-appears driving and 'wearing' a super-flying enhanced armored suit to battle the smaller Tony character in his smaller suit: its like the mano-a-mano last scene in ROBOCOP as the good Humanist Robo battles the bad Corporate Robo.  Not better, just similar.    Second best?  Gwenneth Paltrow with a discreetly padded chest, sporting an orange wig and the highest possible stilettoes.  She has nothing to work with, character-wise or script-wise, but manages to create the impression that she endures labial seizures every time her co-star comes near to her.  Its a feat of acting ability and almost comic, because Downey never does anything that even remotely suggests any degree of physical intimacy.  Endlessly condescending, he ignores her and talks over her constantly.  Cold and narcissistic, he touches her once when they briefly dance together for a few seconds.  Prior to this, she does what Lois Stewart did as Miss Moneypenny in the JAMES BOND Series, rolling her eyes and appearing to ooze as Bond passes by.    BACK TO THE PLOT.  What's Tony up to?  After his vapid revelation?  He's at work in the billionairei's workshop - garage under his huge  billionaire's hilltop Malibu cottage, re-fashioning a better version of the iron suit he made whilst among the brigands.  Very flashy toys on display.  Virtual this and that.  Flashy cars.  Flashy welding and tooling equipment.  Super electronics to handle his secret Power \\"Source.\\"  Tedium.      Meanwhile, Daddy Warbucks reveals himself as working to take over STARK ENTERPRISES for himself.  Purpose?  To sell the newest munitions tothe insurgents in the hills.  Tony  finds out and flies -- that's right, flies to Afghanistan -- and Flying ROBOCOP blasts the baddies himself by means of the diodes in his palms and on the soles of his feet.  He is attacked by jet planes, but escapes.  And then, finally, he meets his nemesis at Stark Labs Headquarters and they fight it out.    Well, if you enjoy this genre of action movies -- capes and gadgets and super-powers -- you accept the improbabilites that go along with the fantasies.  And,  you have your roster of favorite stars, and you might have wondered  how it came about that Robert downey Jr got cast in the role?  Especially when there's Dwayne \\"The Rock\\" Johnson, Vin Diesel or Wesley Snipes.  And that's just the Americans.  Unless you figure they'd be an ethnic stretch for the story.  But then there's Christian Bale, Patrick Swayze, Orlando Bloom or even Mat Damon and Ben Afflek.  And from the set-up, one wonders if IRON MAN might not have been intended for Afflek or Damon?  La Paltrow is a personal friend of both men and has appeared with them both in various films.  Afflek did well in DAREDEVIL, which did well at the Box Office.  Did he tire of the tights and pulleys and wires?  Or did Damon commit, and then refuse at the last minute, or after reading the script?  Leaving...  Gweneth, and crew.  Money talks, or in this case, it keeps mum.    The project is odd, yet conventional, without being entertaining in an unconventional way.  It gave off the feeling of having been stitched together out of whole pieces of comic book and monster movie cliches.  Downey doing his red carpet celebrity walk through the crowds while not speaking to anybody directly -- which he did so perfectly in SOAP DISH, one of the best Show-Biz comedies of the 80s -- in imitation of Bruce Wayne' many entries and exits in all of the latest BATMAN flicks.  But why Downey, particularly?    And what about DOWNEY anyway?  Well, since his publicized recouperation, it is obvious thatthe course of treatment involved an intense regimen of body-building, for the actor has managed to become an obvious Gym-Rat, and Gym-Rats have something in common with Downs syndrome people.  As Downs sufferers share a round-faced, slant-eyed asian appearance, so Gym-Rats share a gaunt, sunken-cheeked volpine resemblence that makes them look like brothers.  Astonishingly, Downey with his pitch black hair, thick browns and inky moustache and goatee, has become the identical twin of venerable Gay porn performer and total Gym Rat, Jason Probe aka Joshua Perez.  Well, let me put it to you this way:  Downey is rather a small, compact man.  Everybody in the entire movie is bigger than he is, and some tower over him.  This is a very odd handicap for a Superhero.  Which makes me wonder why anybody would cast this movie in that way?  What is the point?  The Mighty Mouse effect.  It trivializes everything the hero does.  And if Mr. Downey's height wasn't a consideration in the casting of this movie, why would any producer hire the same casting people to do another job?    This is a re-hash of the old BULLETMAN strip.  But, as I say.  Look at it once and return it the next day.  It's good for a bag of popcorn.
B000VJ271A|5.0|[[ASIN:B001CZVVUU Manon [Blu-ray]]]    Impressive direction; Outstading singing and acting of the two main characters.
B0015D3Z4O|3.0|I like a couple of songs on the CD. After Confessions this CD is a bit of a disappointment. The more I listen to it, the more I like it. The stand out song for me is \\"Devil wouldn't recognize you\\". She is doing her thing though, she is still and will always be an icon to me.
B0017HEYEI|1.0|The language said English in the product description but it's all Asian writing on the menu.  I'm going to figure out how to report this seller (if it's possible).  I never had to deal with any scams when purchasing from the internet before...this is a first and I'm furious.  Luckily, I found out how to get it in English without the subtitles.  Choose the third cloud on the bottom of the first menu screen.  Then choose the 2nd option under the first heading and finally choose the 4th option under the second heading.  It will take you down to a cloud at the bottom (the left-hand side); choose this one.  Good luck.
0385721234|5.0|I needed to purchase multiple copies of this novel in Spanish to teach my Advanced Spanish class. I was greatful for the prompt and very reliable service provided by Amazon.
B001F7XIJW|5.0|Gojira - The Way of All Flesh    It's is incredibly rare to find new, fresh and original bands these days and Gojira is unique and talented and totally fills out the description.    Directly from France with hate, make no mistakes these guys are here to stay. I personally discovered their music with the album From Mars To Sirius and automatically got hooked. Now with TWOAF they brought the game to another level.    Gojira's music it's just too damn original!! It's a little prog and heavy as hell, melody and depending on the song even sing along choruses.    Here are some highlight songs from TWOAF: Oroborus, A sight to Behold, Vacuity, Toxic Garbage Island. After listening to those you will experience firsthand what's Gojira's all about.     Great album from a promising band indeed, can wait for the next one.    Cheers.
B000002U9W|3.0|This is the first album I ever bought in my life and listening to it now I can understand why I was attracted to this strange, adventurous music - in 1970. But alas, the Cow Album doesn't hold up very well after forty years. Sure, side one has its good moments, but without Ron Geesins participation it would have been a big bore. And as for the rest, well ... nice, but nothing special. If and Fat Old Sun just meander. And Alans breakfast is just not edible, save for part three which contains some strong keyboard playing by dear old Richard Wright. All in all, a few pieces of good meat and a lot of watery milk.
B000ZM1MGE|4.0|It still has it all. Great music, lots of drama and emotion too. Such a shame Brad Davis died so young he really was a talented actor. Billy's pain and anguish has just as much impact as the first time I saw it.
B00003CXB4|2.0|This dvd has not arrived.  have emailed the seller and have not recieved a responce
B000NOQDOA|1.0|Does not work with all DVD players (panasonic in particular) the bottom brackets interfere with the buttons on the DVD player \\"hitting\\" them which in turn causes the DVD to stop or power off.  I am in the process of returning it to AMAZON.  THanks!
B000053GUF|1.0|This tape was in ok phisical condition but the sound was not understandable.I emailed sender 8 days ago no response.
B0007TKNKG|5.0|We rented this movie for our children many years ago and wanted our grandsons to see it also.  Unfortunately, this movie can't be found in video rental businesses but we can almost always find old movies at Amazon.com.
6305558167|4.0|Ok the people that played King Arthur and Guinevere were the week points of the movie. BUT if you hate to read and hate reading Shakespeare even more, this is in the end the best movie portrayal of the King Arthur story ever done. It is easy to follow and comprehend. I wish they would redo it in the same fashion and extend it like they did the lord of the rings. This version has a slight feeling of rushing through the story in order to get it out in one movie. But like I said, it is the best portrayal of the King Arthur story ever done, in less than two hours. This movie will never be toped with the current corporate Hollywood approach to everything in today's movies.
B000U1ZV8K|5.0|Murtaugh and Riggs, the ultimate buddy cop team.<br /><br />you get all four films in one package, and they even give us the unrated director's cut of the 1 - 3, theatrical version of 4.<br /><br />Lethal Weapon - the most serious of the series. centered around ending local heroine imports.<br /><br />Lethal Weapon 2 - centered around a south african diplomat's legal immunity, and money laundering. loads of extra comic relief from Joe Pesci.<br /><br />Lethal Weapon 3 - centered around the stop of circulation of illegal armor piercing bullets, and more laughs from joe pesci.<br /><br />Lethal Weapon 4 - centered around stopping the local asian slave trade. deffinited the funniest of the series, with the addition of chris rock, and the return of joe pesci<br /><br />its not the most loaded package, theres very little bonus features to speak of, but at this price tag, no one can complain. i mean, at $4 a pop for some of the greatest action/comedies of all time, what could you possibly complain about?
B0000CABBW|5.0|OK this movie is a chick-flick. With that said, I am male and I enjoyed it. Unlike American movies, it does not spend all of its time developing the characters. Instead it develops the situation to a climax. It is well written, although a little predictable at times. I should warn all the tough guys out there that it will make you weep like a girl at the end, so don't see it with other guys.
B001P5Q6FC|5.0|its all here, the machine gun guitar riffs, the heavy bass, the thunderous drums, and vocals that still stand out in the crowded sub-genre.<br /><br />just as good as their Ashes of the Wake, though a bit short of the greatness that was Sacrament.<br /><br />in what was lately been a crowded, uninspired genre, these guys continue to crank out solid american metal, carrying the torch forward for the greats like Pantera. if the albums to follow this year are anything close to Wrath, we should be looking at a great year for music.
6304698682|4.0|Westerns.  The traditional \\"good vs. evil\\" vehicles, featuring an evil villain who oppresses a town or a group or a people, only to be thwarted in the end by the hero.  It's a story that's been told, over and over, yet we always come back for more, even though we know how it's going to end.<br /><br />Enter PALE RIDER, a film released in the mid-1980s when Hollywood had all but given up on the Western.  Yet Clint Eastwood, who also directed, threw his considerable clout into the project, and audiences took notice.  In California, circa the Gold Rush, a group of stubborn miners is clinging to a small valley in hopes of striking ore, yet the local miner baron (Richard Dysart), whose hydraulic mining techniques are turning the landscape into rubble (and the metaphor here is certainly not lost), wants them out so he can scour the valley himself.  The villain has tried everything--from intimidation to bribery--to chase them away, but the group (led by Michael Moriarty) is, as we've mentioned before, stubborn.<br /><br />His patience exhausted, the miner baron contracts a hired gun (John Russell) and his posse of assassins; meanwhile the miners are mysteriously befriended by a man with no name, a man astride a pale horse--a man known only as \\"Preacher\\" (Eastwood), by virtue of his collar.  Preacher's past is a little hazy, but none of the miners seem to mind, as they are happy to have such an ally.  Accordingly the stage is set, the tension mounts (there is even a love quadrangle too mind-boggling to decipher, so best here left unsaid), and, in grand Eastwood fashion, we are privy to a solid shoot-'em-up ending.<br /><br />Thing is, Eastwood has been down this road before.  Many reviewers have discussed this film's numerous similarities to 'Shane', and while I certainly agree, there is a previous Eastwood movie even more similar.  In the film [[ASIN:0783225725 High Plains Drifter]] Eastwood plays another man with no name--another metaphysical avenger.  In that film the actor was edgier, grimmer; by contrast, in PALE RIDER Eastwood is much more restrained.  Yet he's steal the real deal, an avenger who makes the bad guys pay, and PALE RIDER is a quality addition to the Western genre.<br />--D. Mikels, Author, [[ASIN:142573152X The Reckoning]]r; by contrast, in PALE RIDER Eastwood is much more restrained.  Yet he's steal the real deal, an avenger who makes the bad guys pay, and PALE RIDER is a quality addition to the Western genre.  --D. Mikels, Author, [[ASIN:142573152X The Reckoning]]
B000UZNSWM|5.0|Well written book about a relatively little-known war and makes you wonder about General MacArthur. After reading this you might have a different opinion about his stature. Too bad there won't be any more books from this great historian.
0375826726|3.0|It seems like this was CP's 'oh crap! My story and characters are unbelievable, and I ought to fix that' novel. It's an improvement from 'Eldest', and it does have some cute and interesting moments. A lot of people comment that it's too violent. I didn't really notice any difference in the amount of violence from the other books, and it *is* a book about fighting an evil empire. The characters become less flat, the plot seems to get a little bit away from Star Wars, new povs are included. The thing is that 'Brisingr' reads differently from the rest, and it feels more like CP's 'ops! I need to fix that!' novel. Well, at least there's not a long, drawnout preaching of elfin morals.
B000F8O35U|5.0|tahnl you so much, my daugfter loved it! And for being a used item...you would never know. The shippment came on time and with no problems.  Thanks again.
143911000X|5.0|I bought this book for my boyfriend and he loves the book.  It is funny and I have to admit I have even read some of the codes.  If you like watching the show HIMYM then you have to read this book!
B000TM1CKQ|5.0|I love this show. After watching the Office I wanted something just as funny. Although this doesn't have the same witty humor as the office, it's just as funny. I would reccomend The Big Bang Theory as well.
B000AGTPUK|5.0|The story and the movie graphics are enjoyable for both young and old.  This, in my opinion, is a true Holiday classic.
B001B7CNY2|5.0|I bought this movie and seriusly I really recomender this film is a great history of a battle for the enigma
B0007MWZEK|2.0|This product is for light housekeeping.  It is not for the major messes that I make regularly.  It is truely a light and flexible piece of equipmnet.  It is not designed to clean the entire house in on shot.  It is ideal for touch up cleaning.
1580176941|5.0|This cookbook is one of the few I have read from cover to cover.  It is full of pictures, tips and ideas for creating beautiful bakery style cookies.     The book flows in a conversational manner, and you can tell the authors not only know what they are talking about, but that it is a labor of love.     I used this book to make cookies and they turned out beautifully, and the tips gave me the confidence to decorate them -- they were very professional looking.
B000RZGIQ8|5.0|Even on DVD: a great movie, cool characters and sensational Soundtrack.    But on Blu-ray its a new level of experiencing this movie! Seeing it on Blu-ray with my PS3 and 46\\"LCD makes me think: The DVD looks like a 20year old VHS. The colour and sharpness is  simply breathtaking. And the sound is powerfull and clear with my 5.1 Surround System. This Blu-ray edition is a great conversion from (analogue) film to digital and shows that even 23 year old material have a lot to give in HD-age! (Watch the uncleanness of Kelly McGillis' skin in some parts :P or the makup )    The Special Features (Commentary,Making Of,Music Videos etc) are in Standard Definition!    If you own the DVD and hesitate buying the Blu-ray Version, i can tell you it's worth the money!    For all international: The Blu-ray is codefree    Product Summary:  Picture: (8,5/10)  Sound: (9/10)  Story: (10/10) you love it or hate it...;)    Codefree (tested on PS3 Europe-Version !)  1080p  AUDIO:   English: 5.1 Dolby TrueHD and 6.1 DTS Master Audio  French: 5.1 Dolby Digital  Spanish: 5.1 Dolby Digital  Subtitles: English, English SDH', French, Spanish, Portuguese
B000OD49Q4|4.0|I don't like using the word Fake in reference to this import. It's release was indigenous to the region for consumers in that particular area. I listened and compared the cd to other White Album cd's I have. I have no complaint on the quality. It's the packaging that really hits the mark no matter how you feel about the quality of recordings. I must agree with the others. THIS IS HOW IT SHOULD HAVE BEEN PACKAGED ALL ALONG. I feel slighted by the releases that are issued here. Even a top quality release here can't hold up to the imported packaging.
0670020478|5.0|This is a great book! It is relevant and inspiring on many different levels for teens through seniors. I have passed my copy around to several college age students, teachers and friends in their 50's. The book is very well written in that it progresses nicely from the beginning to the end without repeating itself. The case studies sited (Mick Fleetwood, Ridley Scott, Matt Groening, The Travelling Willburys, Zaha Hadid...) are very interesting including the authors own experiences.   I originally heard the author speak on the Mike Huckabee show which caused me to order the book.    ps This is the only book I have ever bothered to review.
0756404746|5.0|First time I read this I was a wee bit let down with the story, but i could tell the writing was fantastic. After setting it aside for a year and re-reading it. Wow. It became one of my favorite novels of all time!!! That good. I had the same exact experience with Dune by Frank Herbert. A little underwhelmed the first read, then the second read blew my away. Rothfuss is a masterful writer and storyteller. I am just amazed at the things he does here and in the sequel. Highly recommended!!!!!
1580812635|5.0|Pay no attention to the previous reviewer who apparently has no idea who John Steinbeck was or what this play is about.  There is no excess of swearing and what there is, is part of the story.  I thought this was an amazing rendition of the novel for a radio audience which can be difficult to do when the audience can't see what's going on.  The music by the Joel Rafael Band is outstanding as is the performance of the actors.
055358894X|5.0|The fantasy version of Ocean's Eleven. Follow Locke the Thief and his fellow Gentleman Bastards through one quirky, swashbuckling caper after the next. The action is rogue-ish cunning and never flags. Lynch's debut novel, and I've never been more charmed or impressed.
B00192KCQ0|5.0|Look people, I've read a ton of these reviews and I really agree with parts of almost all of them.  Rather than reiterating what's already been said, I will make it simple.  Show me a better metal album which has come out this millennium, and I will go buy it.  You can try to analyze it to death and compare it to previous works all you want.  Metallica are not in their 20s anymore.  The world is a much different place then it was when MOP came out.  Death Magnetic fulfills the world's desperate need for relevant heavy metal today better than anything else out there.  Sure the band has pulled some of their past work into these new songs.  Did you expect the album to sound like ACDC or Metallica?  Sure Metallica tried to fix the production quality issues from Anger without going all the way back to the perfectly overproduced sound of the 90s material.  This is heavy metal people, not Mozart.  It's not supposed to sound good on your 16 speaker Bose BMW car stereo.  It's supposed to sound good on 20\\" speakers and live in concert, and I am sure it will.  Quit listening to Metallica on headphones and go buy a real stereo people.  As for the vocals, James has been tearing his vocal cords for decades to bring us the best heavy metal vocals known to man for over 25 years.  Kill, Ride, and Puppets were great albums, but back then James was just a kid, and sounded like one too (go listen).  In Death, he sounds like what he is today, a man who's voice is \\"broken, beaten, and scarred\\" but still capable of delivering better than anyone else in the business.  As for the rest, does heavy metal music get any better than Death Magnetic?  I won't even waste time going into detail.  Anyone who loves the album knows what I am talking about.  Those with complaints and those who feel this doesn't live up to work from the 80s, do me a favor.  Pretend for a second you are looking for a new metal band and assume Death Magnetic is a new band's debut album.  Listen to it loud on some big speakers (throw your ipod and headphones aside) and then tell me there's a better heavy metal album out there from this decade.  Please, cause I will buy it tomorrow.  Death Magnetic covers the entire spectrum of heavy metal, and in a single album defines the genre.  Simply put, Death Magnetic rocks.  Don't sweat the details, just turn up the volume, listen and enjoy.  Who knows how many more Death Magnetics will be produced in our lifetime.
0060229357|5.0|This is everyone's favorite childhood story, and today's children love it, too.  My nephews, age 5 1/2; my niece, 16 months; and my grandson, 6 months are enthralled with the story and illustrations.  Whether hardcover or soft, the illustrations and print remain the same.  I found three Harold stories on YouTube, little cartoons made back in 1969 and the 70s, where the illustrations come alive with music and a male narrator:  \\"Harold and the Purple Crayon\\",\\" A Picture for Harold's Room\\", and \\"Harold's Fairy Tale\\".  Use these to accompany the purchase of your book and children will love it, I promise!
B001LPWGE6|5.0|[[ASIN:B001F12J0C The Bourne Trilogy (The Bourne Identity   The Bourne Supremacy   The Bourne Ultimatum)]]    Great addition to your DVD library!
B000BTGY1O|1.0|In spite of her goal to marry a rich man, Holly Golightly (Audrey Hepburn), an immature young woman, finds herself falling in love with Paul Varjak (George Pappard), a poor writer who moves into her apartment building.    With the possible exception of \\"My Fair Lady\\", \\"Breakfast at Tiffany's\\" is probably the best remembered of all of Audrey Hepburn's films, and yet, of those that I have seen, \\"Breakfast at Tiffany's\\" is the one that least impressed me. \\"Breakfast at Tiffany's\\" is just like \\"Goodbye to Berlin\\" (Christopher Isherwood's autobiographical novel, which formed the basis for \\"Cabaret\\"), only set in 1960's New York and made as a romantic comedy. The two main character, Holly and Paul, seem to be lifted directly from \\"Goodbye to Berlin\\" (in particular the dynamics of their relationship) to the point where, about 10 minutes into the film, I found myself pointing at Holly and saying aloud \\"that's Sally Bowles!\\" Yet, whereas when I read Isherwood's book and saw \\"Cabaret\\", I found myself feeling sorry for Sally Bowles and saw her as a tragic figure to be pitied, I found Holly Golightly to be quite simply objectionable. This is possibly due to the differences in the way their behaviour is looked on in these two stories. While Bowles's behaviour was viewed as self-destructive, Holly is portrayed as a lovable woman-child whose flightiness is what causes Paul Varjak to fall hopelessly in love with her. The idea that Holly's behaviour is somehow a good thing turned me off her completely.    In addition, there is the matter of Mr Yunioshi, the Japanese character played by Mickey Rooney and commented on in so many other reviews. From the first moment he appears, this character is painful to watch. He is a caricature of a Japanese man, so is painful to watch because of the incredibly racism of this character's inclusion, but even if we ignore his race, the character is a mean spirited little man who is presumably meant to be funny because of his over-the-top meaness andgeneral stupidity, but the humour just falls flat on its face. It is uncommon for me to give a movie 1 star, since I can usually find something I like about anything, no matter how bad it is, but in this case, Mickey Rooney's character is so cringeworthy bad that I am prepared to make an exception.
B000R8YC1S|5.0|Jim Henson knew what he was doing. This is one of those rare gems that took place at the right place and the right time.<br /><br />Kids of this generation do not know what they missed with this movie. Everything from the storyline to the music was absolute perfection, a true fantasy in every way.<br /><br />Jennifer Connolly and David Bowie one hundred percent carried this movie, but had some stealth competition from their puppet counterparts. It still surprises me that Jennifer was only 14 years old at the time this was made, but she every bit equals David Bowie's strong presence.<br /><br />Watch it. Listen to it. Treasure it.
6304698798|2.0|Set against the backdrop of the American Civil War, three men, one \\"good\\" (Clint Eastwood), one bad (Lee Van Cleef) and one \\"ugly\\" (Eli Wallach), race to find $200,000 in buried gold.    At the time of writing this review, \\"The Good, the Bad and the Ugly\\" was number 4 in the IMDb Top 250. Although it is a very well made movie, with impressive cinematography, and one of the most memorably scores of all time, storywise, it's not actually all that great a film and there are many other westerns that are far superior (\\"Rio Bravo\\" and \\"High Noon\\" are two that spring to my mind). Its main problem is that it is just far too long. The story is a relatively simple one, but it takes about an hour (out of 2 1/2) for the main goal of the characters to become apparent, and the remainder of the film is cluttered with many scenes that, although interesting as stand-alone scenes, don't do anything to further the story. To add insult to injury, Lee Van Cleef's character vanishes for a good chunk of the film, making him an incredibly ineffective villain.    In the film's favour, \\"The Good, the Bad and the Ugly\\" was one of Stephen King's inspirations for writing the Dark Tower series of novels, and even though I didn't particularly like this film, as a King fan, I did find it interesting to watch this film in order to learn what was in King's mind when he wrote these books. Seeing the landscapes of \\"The Good, the Bad and the Ugly\\" enriched my vision of the \\"Dark Tower\\" world and actually made me want to re-read these novels.    Overall, I would strongly recommend this film for fans of Stephen King's \\"Dark Tower\\" books, but if you're not a King fan and not into the Western genre, then you're probably not going to enjoy this film at all.
0321544080|1.0|I could not wait to get this book. After reading the reviews online of how good it is, I was sure to be pleased with it.   I cannot believe what a let down this book was for me.   I first heard of this book through a well known lighting site. Then it was recommended by Scott Kelby. Obviously he recommends it...he worked on this book. After reading Kelby's 2 book volume on photography (I highly recommend), I thought for sure to get more from this book, since it said it should be the next book I read.   Yeah some pictures were nice, some not. The pictures depicted in this book and the set up of \\"how to get this shot\\" where actually pretty comical. Just flipping through this book made me laugh and knew right then and there I made a wrong decision in buying this.   To an average person...even to a pro photographer, their is very little use for this book. It takes you into Joe's Camera bag...or garage...or even into his helicopter to see the arsenal and never ending lighting rigs he uses. Again comical as it is, very unrealistic unless you plan on selling your house and your first born to have the gear he has.   Save your money, my book is going back tomorrow.
0321544080|4.0|I'm giving 4 stars to this book just because I loved and enjoyed reading it and because it is inspirational. This is not a basic learning tool and  although Mr McNally throws a few nuggets about lighting the images in the book and shares a few anecdotes, it is not a deeply technical book that will unveil any secrets about photography. It is not a tell-all about lighting either.  Nevertheless, the collection of images alone is worth the money so the book makes a nice addition to anyone's collection, although I would have preferred it was hard cover.
B000001DTM|5.0|Such a great CD  I've loved this album since Jr. High, and somehow still absolutley love it 10 years later!
4789009637|5.0|This is a great textbook and I would recommend it to anyone wanting to learn Japanese.  Keep in mind it is the first of at least 2 textbooks.  It arrived from the seller quickly and in excellent condition.  It even had the instructor booklet in it yet!
B001ED7C58|5.0|I have enjoyed this CD by listening to it on my way to and from work since I bought it.  Do CD's wear out?  I recommend this CD to anyone who has seen Twilight.
B001NT0V92|5.0|I am glad I got to see them in concert several years ago, although I must admit I wish Mike Pinder had went on tour with the band when I saw them.  Most people are familiar with \\"Nights in White Satin\\".  In fact it may have been the first song that I heard by them back in 1969.  Although \\"Go Now\\" was an earlier release and more rock than blues. I'm not sure it aired much at least, not on the U.S. radio stations. The \\"On The Threshold Of A Dream\\" album follows other melancholy music they had done.  Although I am sure many enjoy the music now as well I am a bit partial to the albums with Mike Pinder.  The band was extremely popular in the 70's, and their music has done well ever since and had strong revivals from time to time.  There is something timeless about their music.  Although some find it a bit of a downer, it has always made me feel better.  I especially enjoy the more upbeat of their songs. \\"Send Me No Wine\\" is probably one my all time favorites of many Moody Blue's songs. It surprises me that it hasn't been as popular as some of their other songs.  Many fans are familiar with \\"Are You Sitting Comfortably?\\" which I enjoy as well for it's dreamy magic paintbrush. I can't explain it, but like so much of their work it truly makes you visualize fantasy places. In \\"Send Me No Wine\\" we see a lost relationship but a vision of a promising future. The upbeat melody was one of the reasons I enjoyed this along with many of their other songs. Although many of their songs may sound rather bleak and depressing they are but windows into those desolate times we all experience. The Moody Blues are in fact sometimes moody. It is true that some may find them depressing, but me I think of them like the blues, cloudy night of our sorrows before seeing the bright sunshine of a new day. They make the joyous times all the sweeter. You can't go wrong with any of the Moody Blue albums, but I think this one is a must have if for no other reason to get some Bard and Techno visons from another time.<br /><br />CA Lusteranother time.<br /><br />CA Luster
B001PPGAIA|2.0|Mother got this at the store. Thought it might be interesting since Nicole Kidman and Hugh Jackman and the others in this thing have great talent. This thing doesn't.    Great scenery. Wonderful costuming. Great sets. Some of the gags in the scenes are comical and amusing. But every character in this thing is one form of badly played and most pathetic stereotype or another who barely gets two dimensional. Indeed one almost wants to scream Racism at how whites are portrayed. Love scenes completely impotent. Diologue or what passes  for it STINKS. What passes for 'action' can best be described as unimaginative, dragging, forced  or deliberate flop work. Acting clearly lacking. About as exciting as watching paint.     If one wants to do a movie, this one should be studied over for how not to do one. If one wants to do a flop this is the Model to follow.    Nicole Kidman plays a pompous full of herself money grubbing english auristocrat about as sexy and exciting as drab paint work and in need of a good thrashing which she never gets. She is so bad and so spoiled that she must be suspected to be the cause for her husband to move so far away to Australia to get away from her rather than 'the cows not of the animal variety' she attributes to him.     Hugh Jackman for want of a better description plays some sort of ever brawling outback cowboy though he acts like a total outhouse cowclod.     And then there are the big villeins, crock bait and crock shoes, who bring new meaning to Pathetic.    Everybody else is so pathetic, the only reason the villeins do not their own hiss boo theme music or tie some lady to the train tracks for a train to cross  must be simply for want of any brains among the screne writers.    One almost wishes for more action from the Japanese if for no reason than to put this thing out of our missery.    Lots of Death scenes. All of them awful and pathetic.     This is a turkey and a poor tourism  pitch.
B00005JKHP|1.0|I think this movie is old enough now that if you are buyng it, you know what you are getting. As an editorial review I find this version as close to the original as I have found with better effects. There were lines I remembered as a kid that I was starting to think I dreamt up since I never heard them again until this version.    My real problem here was that there were lines that you could see belonged but the sound was absent. Most notably was the transporter accident where Kirk asks Starfleet if they got them. There is only dead air where the response line belongs then Kirk offers his condolenses. There are other instances I noticed and probably a few I did not but dead air on a DVD is just sloppy. I doubt it is just my DVD as they are all printed from the same files so I wonder who else out there has noticed. It really ruined a dramatic moment and took me out of the movie. I am returning my copy and will wait for the next attempt.
B000002TLX|5.0|For Richard Marx fans looking for that \\"best of\\" package, this is the one to get.  All of his Top 40 hits are here except \\"Too Late To Say Goodbye\\" which peaked at a respectable #12 in 1990.  It's a glaring omission that still doesn't take away from the power of this collection.  From rockers like \\"Satisfied\\" and \\"Take This Heart\\", to his softer side with \\"Angel's Lullaby\\" and \\"Now and Forever\\", Richard Marx displays why he was one of the top artists from the late 1980's into the next decade.  A stunning greatest hits album....I love it!  Get it for yourself or a friend.
B000Q6GUW0|3.0|Granted I have only seen the First Season and still plan to watch the others, but this season was too predictable. I was able to figure out the twists about 2 episodes before they were revealed. Solid Show, but a bit over-hyped in my opinion.
B0008ENHTE|5.0|Even though this is an oldie but goodie I just love it.  That car chase is the greatest.  The whole movie is good and has plenty of action and lots of shots of San Francisco.  It's a movie that's just as good today as it was back then and that includes all the actors as well as the story.   The bad guys are really annoying and they look the part.  It's a great movie and I highly recommend it--enjoy!
B001AEF6BI|3.0|There's a reason that The Breakfast Club remains a pre-teen and teen favorite. Everything bad that happened to these kids is the fault of the adults around them. The only redeemable adult in the film is the janitor.     The cast was good, but not great. Judd Nelson was 25 at the time of this film, looks like it, and he isn't believable as even a high school senior who had been held back a couple of years. Molly Ringwald was great and Emilio Estevez and Ally Sheedy did fine as well. Anthony Michael Hall was very young in this movie, seemed to be in a bit over his head at times, and overacted to compensate for it.     The basic premise of kids from a variety of social groups forming some sort of friendship when forced together explains the popularity of the film, but simply isn't realistic. Anyone who has been in a real life situation like this in high school can attest to the fact that the barriers separating the social cliques do no simply break down over eight hours.    The point to the film, which explains its popularity with the young, is that nothing is your fault. They certainly felt bad for what they did to end up in detention, but through their analysis they all determined it was their parent's fault. Parents are shown only briefly at the beginning, end, and are one dimensional caricatures. Ironically enough while the kids blame their parents for their actions, they also come to the realization that inevitably they will become their parents. So while the problem (social cliques) appears to be temporarily solved, it certainly isn't. Another message of the film is that kids from every social strata and background would be good, decent, people if it weren't for all of the adults. Speaking of adults, the principle is shown as only a kid could see one; not really human, but a egotistical bully and dunce who is constantly outwitted by high school kids.     There were some good moments in the film like when the Princess takes interest in the criminal; a very believable form of rebellion for her. Also when the Criminal is shown to be a loud mouthed coward who when threatened with genuine violence backs down.    I enjoyed this film when I was a teenager and I have a suspicion that most of the positive reviews are nostalgic ones rather than modern takes on the movie. Adults who think this is an accurate portrayal of the world are firmly stuck in high school.
0316067601|5.0|Being a woman I wasn't sure if I would like this story.  Once I started reading the book I could not put it down.  I have shared this book with numerous friends who also enjoyed  it as much as I did.
B000J4QWMC|1.0|After viewing Collateral, I was eager to view his newest film. Here in Miami Vice, we have the perfect example of how bad a movie can possibly be. I am still in denial that this movie is directed by Michael Mann...it just doesn't fit in my head.<br /><br />Like Collateral, Mann takes the same camerawork approach he used, which consists of a documentary \\"real\\" style. Now unlike Collateral, this movie makes barely any sense. In Collateral we had a plot that was quite plausible and entertaining, and the \\"real' style worked, it gave an edge to the movie. But here in Miami Vice...it's just...pathetic; nothing stands in this film, everything is confusing and muddled. Every line is represented as a complex situation...there is not one line where we actually care or feel for the characters.<br /><br />From what I understood, the plot tries to bring the dangerous world of narcotics...ok that could be interesting...NOW ALL WE NEDD IS FOR IT TO MAKE SENSE!!! Seriously how hard can that be, I literally wanted to destroy this DVD after sitting 140 min in front of the screen. Also there is no action, just one real action scene at the end that feels boring...even the action was boring. I'm still pondering on how the hell this movie cost 135 million...its absurd, I cant comprehend how a piece of manure like this can cost so much and have the look of it been shot by an amateur...either Mann didn't care for this movie, or he was high.<br /><br />Not to mention that the film has the most scenes of the characters using their cell phones. Every freaking 5 min we see Collin Farrell and Jaime Fox holding a cell and trying to look cool with their shades. It as if they were placing this movie in a nice package to make it look good. Let me tell you something, no matter how much you shine crap, it will still be crap; and why in the world did Mann copy the same scene of Collateral with the night club...I mean it looked cool in that film, but here it fells bland and soulless. This movie has nothing positive to its side, perhaps some well shot scenes, but that doesn't save the film from irrelevant sex scenes, confusing plot, bad dialogue, and crappy action sequences. This is quite possibly the worst \\"big budget\\" movie I have ever watched. Don't waste your time<br /><br />MY PERSONAL RATING: 0 OUT OF 5side, perhaps some well shot scenes, but that doesn't save the film from irrelevant sex scenes, confusing plot, bad dialogue, and crappy action sequences. This is quite possibly the worst \\"big budget\\" movie I have ever watched. Don't waste your time     MY PERSONAL RATING: 0 OUT OF 5
B000065PUE|5.0|It's become somewhat clich&eacute;d, but never-the-less is true: \\"Doolittle\\" is, by far and away, one of the best and most influential alternative rock albums. Ever. This 1989 sophomore effort from the Boston foursome, produced by Gil Norton (Foo Fighters, Counting Crows), attempts to clean up and polish the abrasive and unpredictable nature established on the Pixies' breakthrough debut, \\"Surfer Rosa.\\" And it works! In spite of the fact that \\"Surfer Rosa\\" was a masterpiece in its own right, \\"Doolittle\\" truly stands out as the moment when everything clicked (and, internally, fell apart) for the band. The right sound at the right moment, its influence has echoed on for two decades and counting, and still holds up today as a perfectly crafted alternative rock album with infectious pop-hooks and a scattering of schizophrenic left-turn sounds.<br /><br />On the song-writing front, output from the one and only Black Francis has been stepped up a notch. With songs that revel in biblical themes, death and twisted love, Black is able to explore a broad range, with his ever-urgent and frantic vocals. It serves the punky \\"Gouge Away\\" and \\"Debaser,\\" and pays off even better on poppier fare such as \\"La La Love You\\" and \\"Hey\\" and not to mention the irresistible hooks of the single \\"Here Comes Your Man.\\" \\"Monkey Gone to Heaven\\" is possibly the best marriage of the album's refined sound with that which made the Pixies remarkable in the first place. Despite treading new territory sonically, the band plays just as fast and as tight as before, driven home by the somewhat polished production achieved by Norton. While admittedly less spacey than its predecessor, there is rarely a moment where the Pixies as a whole doesn't push new boundaries. Even if you're of the mind who appreciates \\"Surfer Rosa\\" more, it's worth noting that the progress made on \\"Doolittle\\" is hardly in vain, as it only showcases a band honing its craft. It's simultaneously an exercise in pop-efficiency and well as being a true ground-breaker.<br /><br />For an album that turns 20 this year, it's quite amazing how well it all holds up. No matter how many times you take it for a spin, you'll always find something new to appreciate. It's just one of those rare albums that is perfect from start to finish, from a band that played in its own league and who weren't afraid to take risks. If you like your music manic and unpredictable, well-made and well-played, \\"Doolittle\\" is a true classic that no collection could be complete without.ound-breaker.     For an album that turns 20 this year, it's quite amazing how well it all holds up. No matter how many times you take it for a spin, you'll always find something new to appreciate. It's just one of those rare albums that is perfect from start to finish, from a band that played in its own league and who weren't afraid to take risks. If you like your music manic and unpredictable, well-made and well-played, \\"Doolittle\\" is a true classic that no collection could be complete without.
0743298039|5.0|I don't usually bother to do recommendations, but this book has prompted me to do so. I loved it so much I have told complete strangers in bookstores about it.
0425200469|4.0|Death on the Nile is a mystery surrounding the death of beautiful heiress, Linnet Ridgeway, who is shot while she honeymoons with her husband, Simon Doyle on an Egyptian cruise. Unfortunately for the murderer, one of the passengers aboard the ship is infamous Belgian detective, Hercule Poirot. The most obvious suspect is Jacqueline de Bellefort, Linnet's former best friend and Simon's former fiancee.     After being betrayed by her best friend and the man she loves, Jackie begins stalking the newlyweds even going as far as planting herself on a cruise the lovers boarded in an attempt to sidetrack their stalker. The only problem is, Jackie has an air-tight alibi and could not have possibly committed the murder.     Unlike Murder on the Orient Express and And then there were none, the murder does not happen immediately. Although the reader knows the identity of the victim, there are plenty of clues and threats for the reader to sift through before the ultimate tragedy befalls the victim. As in Christie's other novels, a cast of characters are introduced, all with possible motives for wanting the victim dead.     In my opinion, Death on the Nile isn't Christie's best mystery. The identity of the murderer might leave some readers feeling a tad disgruntled.  I was able to correctly guess the ending. The novel is still entertaining. The reader will have a lot of fun putting together clues and analyzing conversations and actions trying to solve what seems like an unsolvable mystery.
0743298039|5.0|This book was a great escape for me. Diane Setterfield created a world in which I couldn't wait to delve into every night. I cannot wait for her next one.
B001EYGOEM|5.0|This is a very good CD that I enjoy listening to over and over.  Very catchy songs!
B001TH16DS|5.0|whats up with not doing this in standerd def all i cand find in low def are used hd dvd combos and real old sets?
B000SEIDR0|4.0|Very informative, well written and objective. Being born and raised on a farm in central USA I also found some of his views quite entertaining. The book is loaded with good information for anyone who wants to start eating healthier meals.
0143036556|3.0|I'm a fan of Diamond's stuff.  Collapse wasn't as easy a read.  It is very extensive and borders on being a course book for an Anthropology class, and can be very dry at times.     Each society he looks at (most of them long historic) is looked at in excruciating detail.  You get a great feel for what daily life was like for the people, how their culture/society was organized, and how that worked for and against them.    Some may see this book as a criticism of overpopulation and careless resource use by humans.  Just about every society he lists fails for two reasons:  they cut down all their trees and then had a long drought.    Upon buying the book, I really thought there would be included some modern societies that failed for political, economic, or some other reasons that weren't resource overusage.
B000069HZP|5.0|Reading some of the reviews here what seems missing is what I believe is the essential theme of this work --- personal transformation.  Michael Douglas' character is trapped, or to be more precise stuck.  He is stuck at a level of personal development (mean spirited, suspicious, cynical, isolated and alone --- he is an Investment Banker) in which he is intensely dissatisfied with himself and all around him.  Though he does not realize it, he must move beyond his current \\"self\\" if he is to realize his full (though currently latent) potential as a human being.  His brother - Sean Penn - realizes this and hence gives him a \\"game\\" for his birthday  - since Penn the \\"black sheep\\" of the family had had a game given to him by some unnamed character and it had helped \\"awaken\\" him to a new self.    The game is the necessary transformative vehicle for Douglas' character which forces a reassessment of himself and his outlook on life --- but only through a complete breakdown and displacement of his current self and his connection with the world that he had made --- and had in turn now trapped him.    It is through the ensuing trauma and the culminating attempted suicide that allows him to emerge \\"reborn\\" and with a new outlook and new \\"self\\".  Thus the climactic and happy ending with the well wishers at his birthday party in spite of the fact that a moment ago he had just \\"murdered\\" his brother and leapt to his \\"death\\".    What this movie portrays is the classical mythological journey of trial and trauma where the old self is destroyed and a new self emerges like a beautiful butterfly from an ugly caterpillar.
0743437497|5.0|One of the most frightening books that I've ever read. I couldn't put it down and I still read it about once or twice a year. This book is definitely a must-read (although it may give you nightmares).
0618918248|5.0|Growing up in Congregationalist New England, by eleven I was able to lose interest and wander away from Sunday school and \\"church\\", itself just one of those pluralist social settings like the PTA and Cub Scouts.  I backslid briefly from  my agnosticism part way into my undergraduate years into deism (like Anthony Flew), but that was not completely convincing, and I have been an unwavering atheist ever since, even here below the Mason-Dixon line.  I mention this only because like Dawkins, I was never associated with or culturally close to firebrand  fundamentalism or hard-sell evangelism.  As much as I enjoy reading those engrossing books from former clerics like John Loftus and Dan Barker, their background is so different from mine as to be almost an alternate nationality.  It is refreshing to read a critical analysis of  religious pursuits from someone who was never immersed in the most acerbic dogmas.     Prof. Dawkins is one of the kindest, most considerate, charming, witty, even-tempered, mannered, cordial, courtly, and articulate people of celebrity that I have encountered and all these sterling qualities shine through  in this book.  He is stern and unequivocating in criticism in parts, but always with reasoned explanation.  It is unsound for any reviewer to charge this tract as polemical.       He does not mention all the philosophical arguments for God or debunk the ones he mentions as thoroughly as others have, but he approaches the topic from the perspective of an evolutionary biologist and that lends itself to an exquisitely timely approach to the topic.  Beyond the explanatory dismissal of biology from theist young-earth creationism and intelligent design, he reinvigorates among those of us in the choir the \\"joie de vivre\\" for all the biochemical things that must happen for us to be here in the first place.  We have the ability to understand the stunning majesty of these processes and yet many would throw away their lives in the effort to prohibit othersfrom using organic blastocysts to aid fully developed humans from severe impairments.  Others commit themselves to preventing young women from excising from themselves neurologically undeveloped fetuses that otherwise after birth may not be properly cared for.  Consequently two humans may be deprived from enjoying the fruits of a full life to its maximum potential.  And for what reason?   Because in some way these actions violate tribal treatises written for struggling predominantly desert settlements hundreds of years before the western Enlightenment?  As Dawkins and so many others point out, such absolutist attachments to archaic literature for existential sustenance and normative and ethical guidance reveal a complete incompetence in critical faculty.   As an atheist for most of my life, writers like Dawkins and  Sam Harris shame me for not having been more vociferous in countering those who would infuse public policy with prohibitions, infringements on civil liberties, and rank militarism out of zeal for irrational dogmas.      For those theists, moderates especially, who are so concerned by atrocities committed by ideologues who were presumably and incidentally atheist, I might remind you that the threats to civilization are now decidedly more from sources of radical theism.  Just ask indigenous Europeans who are besieged by a growing number of Muslims who are growing ever more insistent that the constitutional common law be replaced by Islamic 'Sharia law', wherever possible.   Whenever, the radical dogmatic side of religiosity shifts back to  more secular ideologies as was the case in the mid-20th century, we can respond accordingly.       I agree without reservation  with every theist,  moderate and fundamentalist alike, that individually everyone is entitled to embrace her chosen beliefs (or retain the beliefs imposed on them).  But in a rational society,  no beliefs, no matter how sacrosanct to cultural institutions, are impervious to logical critical scrutiny.  A free society cannot function well for long, if all ideas circulating in intellectual competition cannot be  analyzed for accuracy and efficacy from a variety of different perspectives and from anyone capable of doing so.
B00005JPLW|5.0|Unbelievably engrossing movie. Wonderful movie, great story, superb action and effects.  Loved every minute of it. Definitely one of my all time favorites.
B000062XFG|5.0|This new dvd set was shipped very quickly. Have really been enjoying the season. will buy again.
0060765380|1.0|One of the few books I've ever picked up that I couldn't finish. It is like one of those bad action movies where the plot is bad and the acting is worse. The premise sounded great but the book didn't deliver.
B0017R5UAA|1.0|Less of an electronic chorus effect on the vocals on the whole album might contribute to greater listenability. As it is, it is not innovative, rather is boring to the extreme.
0451169514|5.0|Along with King's 'The Stand' this is my all time favorite book. It's a great book masterfully told that plays on all of one's childhood fears. A definite must-read from one of my generation's greatest authors.
0525951113|3.0|One must keep in mind that this is a novel while reading, in order to sift fact from fiction.  Daniel Suarez takes the reader from the plausable to the absurd so deftly that readers are shocked to find themselves completely absorbed by the action.  Some campare Suarez with Clancey.  In my opinion they are not equals, but Suarez opens the page to to issues Clancy does not.  Suarez is riding the new wave and dazzles the mind at what is, and what might be possible.  Suarez demonstrates in this novel that he will be around for many years and will find a host of readers seeking his future literary works.
B000006OS2|3.0|This is one of my favorite JW movies - but the quality of this DVD was disappointing.  Dialog was cut from the movie in several places and there are streaks in many of the frames throughout the film.  Buy the movie, it is enjoyable to watch, but get the authorized version.
B001KZIRL8|4.0|Hey, you...stop sitting by the phone waiting for him to call...get up and go watch this movie!<br /><br />I have to admit, I'm not much of a rom-com watcher. Unlike others of its ilk, though, this flick wisely admits that relationships aren't all rainbows and butterflies, but that they are complicated, confusing, messes that aren't necessarily all sorted out by the time the credits roll.<br /><br />The premise is simple enough - the film claims:<br /><br />\\"If a guy says he'll call and doesn't, he's not in the hospital with a broken number-dialing finger; he's just not that into you\\".<br /><br />After a mediocre first date with pre-recession real estate agent Conor (Kevin Connolly), the film's main protagonist Gigi (Ginnifer Goodwin), over zealous for date success and naively optimistic as ever, is certain that she has found Mr. Right. But when he doesn't call, her friends (Jennifer Aniston as Beth and Jennifer Connelly as Janine) comfort her with assurances of his interest and case studies of how they knew someone who knew someone in the exact situation - and it worked out for them, of course!<br /><br />Not that Beth or Janine are living it up in the mansion of romantic bliss, mind you. Aniston's character has been living with Neil (Ben Affleck) for seven years, and for five of the seven, she's been dying to know why he won't pop the question. Wholly against the institution of marriage, though, Neil says that he's totally committed to her and he doesn't need a piece of paper to prove...yadda, yadda, yadda.<br /><br />Connelly's character Janine on the other hand is married. Happily? Not so much. Ben's (Bradley Cooper) baby blues are soon tempted toward blonder waters when he meets Anna (Scarlet Johansson) at a convenience store one fine evening; how convenient. Too bad he's married, he reasons.<br /><br />Drew Barrymore easily plays Mary, Anna's friend. Her role is pretty forgettable; but then she did spend most of her time producing the movie.<br /><br />Justin Long plays Alex, the woman conquering bar owner who decides to school Gigi in the thinking of men, no feelings spared.<br /><br />For the most part the story lines are tied together in believable ways and it's interesting to watch just how they're all connected - kind of like 6 degrees of separation.<br /><br />A tough pill to swallow:<br /><br />Perhaps too realistic at times, \\"He's Just\\" exposes the well-intentioned way we women attempt to comfort our spurned friends - not with assurances that despite her many attractive qualities, the guy just isn't interested for one reason or another. Instead, we assure our friends that there is no way he could be uninterested.<br />Really ladies, if you suspect that your friend is dating a guy who can't see her true worth, before you swell her head with an idealized, irresistible image of herself, please take her to see this movie, and let her do some soul searching. The film will do all the talking for you without patronization.<br /><br />Be warned:<br /><br />It's hardly a date movie (unless you want to end the date by breaking up when the scales have dropped from your eyes and you realize that you're more \\"into\\" the relationship than your significant other).<br /><br />Best performances from: Jennifer Connelly as Janine who is more obsessed with the idea that her husband is smoking behind her back than that he is having an affair. Ginnifer Goodwin too has earned her keep. Her embarrassing attempts at securing \\"the one\\" are so realistic you will likely find yourself reddening at the all too familiar lengths to which she goes.<br /><br />Best line from the movie: Listen out for the line the guy uses who ends up with Gigi (won't say who ;-)), it could be the \\"You complete me\\" of the 21st century!<br /><br />Disclaimer:<br />This film may cause some discomfort. Side effects are generally mild and may include feelings of embarrassment over previous postdate obsession/stalking.<br /><br />4.5 stars.es to school Gigi in the thinking of men, no feelings spared.     For the most part the story lines are tied together in believable ways and it's interesting to watch just how they're all connected - kind of like 6 degrees of separation.       A tough pill to swallow:     Perhaps too realistic at times, \\"He's Just\\" exposes the well-intentioned way we women attempt to comfort our spurned friends - not with assurances that despite her many attractive qualities, the guy just isn't interested for one reason or another. Instead, we assure our friends that there is no way he could be uninterested.   Really ladies, if you suspect that your friend is dating a guy who can't see her true worth, before you swell her head with an idealized, irresistible image of herself, please take her to see this movie, and let her do some soul searching. The film will do all the talking for you without patronization.     Be warned:     It's hardly a date movie (unless you want to end the date by breaking up when the scales have dropped from your eyes and you realize that you're more \\"into\\" the relationship than your significant other).     Best performances from: Jennifer Connelly as Janine who is more obsessed with the idea that her husband is smoking behind her back than that he is having an affair. Ginnifer Goodwin too has earned her keep. Her embarrassing attempts at securing \\"the one\\" are so realistic you will likely find yourself reddening at the all too familiar lengths to which she goes.     Best line from the movie: Listen out for the line the guy uses who ends up with Gigi (won't say who ;-)), it could be the \\"You complete me\\" of the 21st century!     Disclaimer:   This film may cause some discomfort. Side effects are generally mild and may include feelings of embarrassment over previous postdate obsession/stalking.     4.5 stars.
0307455874|5.0|I found the Audacity of Hope to be an honest and refreshing look at politics as it should be and what could be done to get this country back on track. Driven by the injustices he sees and the opportunity for this country to excell, Obama spells out a clear and compelling narrative on his philosophy of government. He is as good a writer as he is a speaker. The stories and justification of his positions are clearly laid out. You may not agree with them all, but they are there for you to read yourself and not have someone interpret them for you. It's Obama's life experiences, not just political experiences that he brings to his job. For those who say we don't really know who Obama is or what he stands for, read this book!!
1881273156|5.0|And who are \\"they\\"?  The many people in my life that have helped to strengthen and encourage me in my walk with Christ.<br /><br />The book is written by an author who professes his faith in Jesus, but the style is written in a way that makes it applicable to virtually anyone wanting to improve their relationships with their spouse (or boy-/girlfriend, fianc&eacute;/e, etc.).<br /><br />I recommend this book to be read a chapter a week and with the free, downloadable study guide from the website.  Great for group studies or to read it along with your significant other.<br /><br />Chapman definitely challenged the way I communicate to my soon-to-be fianc&eacute;e, and though I'm still working on it, I can feel the transformation take place when I make attempts to communicate her love language.<br /><br />It's also great to read as a single, as everyone inherits a love language in some form or another.
0810994739|5.0|I use Amazon when looking for reviews on kids books.  I came across the great reviews for this series of Diary of a Wimpy Kid journals and purchased one for my 11 year old.  He read it within a few hours and kept saying, \\"Mom, hear this\\"  The 11 year old kept telling me what he was reading and I just hear him laughing constantly.  The 11 year old then said, \\"Mom, I want to journal\\"  So, I did a search and came across the journal to go with this series and purchased that for him yesterday.  He is having a wonderful time journaling.  I'm a scrap booker so his journal will go on  my shelf of scrap books.  I have decided to buy the series of books along with the journal as gifts for boys now that I know what they are about and how fun they are for the kids.<br />Kathy<br />home educating our boys and loving it<br />[...]
B000SCHC0Q|5.0|This book is great I aslo read Kite Runner. Khaled Hdsseni gave me such a diffrent look on how the people in Afganistan were living there lives. They were just like us until greed entered there contry and all was distroyed. His book are very eye openers there a must read can't wait to see what esle he comes up with.
B0015HOFZI|4.0|[[ASIN:B0015HOFZI Sony PS-LX300USB USB Stereo Turntable System - Black]]    Before purchasing, I read all the reviews and saw the advice about the need to go into Windows Control Panel to be able to monitor the recording through the computer's sound system.  Despite following all the advice, I couldn't get it to work. Then, in the Sound Forge software, I went into Options > Preferences and clicked through the various tabs looking for something that might help.  I couldn't find anything obvious, and didn't change any of the settings.  But after I closed out of it, lo and behold the monitoring worked!   While it's tremendously frustrating that Sony can't figure out how to write simple instructions for this, I am now happy with my purchase and busy rediscovering the classics in my vinyl collection.  ADVICE:  read the other reviews to find out how to set up the Control Panel, then try this trick in Sound Forge.   Maybe some other reviewer can figure out why this works.
B001FB4W0W|5.0|once again i find myself reading reveiws and wondering what is wrong with the people who wrote them. as far as i can tell, almost all of the negitive reveiws for this show were because \\"it isn't like the books.\\" to all of the people who said this, did you READ the books?? do you understand that television is a COMPLETELY different MEDIUM then books??? this is a fantastic show, BASED ON the series of books. as far as i could tell, they used the first book as a jumping off point and plan to stray from the series now. BUT this is a great show if you like morbid, sex-crazed, vampire, slightly kooky slightly serious tv shows. yes some characters got a lot more background, many more details then they received in the book- i have to say it would be a damn boring tv show that only focused on one character, the way the book focuses on sookie. when will people recognize that there are things you can do in books, and then there are things that you can do on tv? or in a movie? all different mediums, therefore, all DESIGNED to portray what may be the same story IN A DIFFERENT WAY. it's great show. can't wait for the next season.
B000TEUSJK|5.0|This movie is jam packed with erotica. This version earns its name of unrated. Highly recommend this movie if you like nudity. Definately not for children.
B001GKJ2E8|5.0|I am a hard science fiction fan, but I must confess I have not enjoyed an action movie so much for a long time, and it has nothing to do with the special effects or with Angelina Jolie. The plot is clever and the storyline is very creative, thanks, among other tricks, to the amazing possibilities of healing bathtubs and the incredible bending bullets.<br /><br />Of course there are plenty of exaggerations as you would expect in any comic book based movie, but the storyline follows the rules of fantasy literature:  once the rules are set at the beginning, the entire story is bound by it. Do not expect great performances or a strong message, other than absolute power corrupts absolutely. This flick is pure fast pace entertaining with a two act clever and surprising ending, time just flies. This is probably the best action movie of 2008.<br /><br />Highly recommended if you are looking for real entertainment, the kind that allow you to relax and forget your problems for almost 2 hours, but of course, if you don't mind having to completely forget about the laws of physics for 110 minutes.
B000JML90Y|5.0|Can't help but notice that the Bible is one of the top downloads in the Kindle Store.    Actually, I'm a bit perplexed that Darwin's \\"Origin of the Species\\", which IMHO, is the Bible's touchstone naturalist complement,  is not garnering as much attention and that this is the first review.    As we celebrate Darwin's 200th birthday and the 150th anniversary of the publication of this book, I'm still hopeful that the typical Kindle early adopter - who is often technically-inclined and highly literate, will find the time to read the book.    For such a landmark publication that is the basis of modern biology, its surprisingly readable and very accessible to the non-specialist.
0810970686|5.0|My son has the whole collection of these books and loves to read them.  He read this one in a couple of days and can't wait till the next one comes out!
0765342294|5.0|Okay, I bought this book for my ten year old son because he's an avid reader.  I'm so glad I read this first.  Since he's still reading His Dark Materials, The Golden Compass series, which is excellent by the way.  So I'm not opposed to controversy.  But this, is a whole nother level of reading, and one that I am not ready to introduce him too.  I know that it's not a perfect world, and I know that he's heard bad language before, and might practice using it, but I'm not ready to hand it over to him.  I was very surprised that this was listed as a book for ten and up.  The language and the violence was surprising, so for that listing aspect, I would lower my rating.  But otherwise, it was a fantastic.
B000TGJ8CQ|4.0|Nicolas Cage the psychic. The guy has prophetic ability two minutes into the future, but uses his powers to case Vegas slots and do bad magic tricks.. Terrorists plot detonate a massive bomb in a major metropolitan area. The feisty F.B.I. agent Julianne Moore learns of Cage's ability and wants to use him to find the bomb, and the killer babe in Jessica Biel falls with vacant eyes for our star. All the ingredients for a bad z movie. But it is good. I've watched it twice, and would definitely recommend it. Cage gets around and does some diverse roles, to the say the least. My other favorites of his are [[ASIN:B000056P7N Gone in Sixty Seconds [Region 2]]], and starring Sean Connery, [[ASIN:6304711891 The Rock]]
B0018CWWLE|2.0|All these glowing reviews are absurd. Why? Simple.<br /><br />This is one of the msot boring muscial videos ever made. Director David Mallet tried to capture the experience of being in the middle of the audience. But apparently his intention was to make you feel as if you were at the bottom row of the audience! The whole thing seems so far away, so punchless, that sometimes you feel the concert is in a galaxy far, far away.<br /><br />Also, the endless (I repeat, ENDLESS) shots of the audience are ludicrous, never seen such a thing in a rock video.<br /><br />All in all, a DVD so forgettable and so unfair to the quality of Genesis.
B00008PC2O|4.0|the product was shipped in a good amount of time, and my nephew said that he enjoyed the movie.  Thank you for the prompt shipment. Pat
0446577383|4.0|Book arrived in VG condition well within the estimated time frame. Would recommend this seller to others.
B001PPGAIA|1.0|Are you kidding me - what a complete mess! Nicole and Hugh have as much chemistry as ice and oil - yuck!  Baz needs to go to Director's Hell forever for this one - no kidding!
B000B8QG4A|5.0|Lady and the Tramp is in my book, and I mean this with the most sincerity, by far the best family film every created by Disney. Others may disagree citing other such fantastic movies as Snow White, Cinderella and others, but I have my own personal reasons for loving this above the rest which I will discuss in my review. Disney is not only a business corporation, but it's a prominent symbol of everyone's childhood and even today is putting out many great animated and live action movies for future generations to remember. However, the new Disney features will not fare in comparison to the greats produced by Disney in the 30's, 40's and 50's.<br /><br />So \\"Lady and the Tramp\\" focuses around Lady (Barbara Luddy), a pup given to Darling (Peggy Lee) by her husband Joe Dear (Bill Thompson) for Christmas. For the first few months of her dog life she is treated like a queen, she is able to sleep at the end of their bed and gets all their attention. This doesn't last, as Darling gets pregnant and soon the new baby becomes the centre of their attention. One day when Joe Dear and Darling go away for a few days, they leave the baby in the care of Aunt Sara who takes lady to get a muzzle. Lady doesn't like this and ends up running off, meeting up with her friend the Tramp dog she had met earlier, and he shows her just how much she should cherish the life she has, even if she becomes second fiddle to the baby.<br /><br />Well this is a genuinely heart warming film about love and friendship and earns its tagline of being \\"His (Walt Disney's) Happiest Motion Picture.\\" There are no murderous witches or backstabbing friends, there is a bit of evil in the Siamese cats which is my only disagreement with the film (I'll get into that in a moment) and also the dog pound I would say takes the part of the Evil Witch or Queen. I mentioned the Siamese cats and I have to say I found it a bit unsettling to watch, and it seemed very out of place with what I felt up to that point to be a genuinely classy film. To me, these characters were, dare I say a bit racist and really appeared out of place within the film. Disney, especially back in those days is well known and mocked for its depiction of racial stereotypes, but in this day and age, these stereotypes really detract from the film itself.<br /><br />After saying something negative about the film I feel I must now focus on the major positives that swallow this film and make it magical. The characters of course are the heavy influence that drives the thing along and it is obviously made so special thanks to the amazing voice acting. Barbara Luddy's voicing of Lady is utterly fantastic and fits the character and the setting perfectly. She expresses an elegance and gentle tone to her voice that seems all too fitting for the character. Larry Roberts as Tramp is also a perfect fit as he presents a cool, sly tone to his voice with a certain roughness that you would come to expect from a dog that lived his life on the street.<br /><br />Peggy Lee is truly the diamond of this picture voicing a number of characters, quite favourably Darling and Peg. These characters are voiced in a way you would expect Peggy Lee to voice them. With Darling, she expresses quite a gentle and maternal voice and as Peg she presents the sassy street wise strong Lady who gives the fantastic song of \\"He's A Tramp, But I Love Him.\\" Not only is the voice acting superb, but the animation itself is just utterly amazing to me. I don't know how to really phrase these next bits but I'll try my best. This film manages to somehow express every quality you would respect of your favourite breed of dog. The movements and the mannerisms of each breed, such as the elegance of Lady, the attitude of Peg, the Liveliness of Jock and the Laziness of Trusty are all easily expressed through the animation and could be easily pulled off without the need for voicing.<br /><br />Overall this is a genuinely brilliant family film. It doesn't require any punch lines or sly adult lines; it's just great to enjoy the personalities of each canine character and their adventure. You will laugh and you will feel a bit sad, but overall you will leave the film feeling quite warm, fuzzy and just overly happy inside.o enjoy the personalities of each canine character and their adventure. You will laugh and you will feel a bit sad, but overall you will leave the film feeling quite warm, fuzzy and just overly happy inside.
B001F7MSG6|5.0|Well, by now there have been a lot of people who have done a great job of fully dissecting this film in terms of good/bad, so I won't write a long-winded version of what's already been said.     However, I would like to briefly address the `problem' people had with the storyline. This ties into the fact that some felt the world wasn't in great peril. In fact, the film isn't so much about the world being in danger of unseen enemies, but each individual being in danger of inhabiting the world as we know it, inhabiting the world as our society expects us to but struggling against our nature as we were created. I think Hellboy shows a big part of his humanity by being truly empathetic in a scene where he fights off a giant plant creature. When it comes to him or the other guy, survival kicks in but that's not to say he's happy about the affair unless the other guy truly deserved it.      We all struggle with staking a claim as individuals in our world, but Hellboy epitomizes the stance because he was born to bring humankind down and serve the dark master. Good versus Bad has always been a fascinating notion and a great concept when it comes to films. The greatest type of film is the one that dares to take a step further and blur the lines between good and bad. When the day is over, we're all as confused as the next guy, and hope we bring just a little more love & laughter into the world than grief.     It's a shame that \\"The Dark Knight\\" opened up soon after Hellboy 2 at the movies. That's a great film in its own right, but I think this movie could have garnered more attention and praise if it didn't have that behemoth coming right after. Still, DVD and Blu-ray will hopefully breathe new life into it so new audiences can discover this gem.
B001GKYBXA|4.0|Paul shows his artsy side in this one.  He also rocks hard right from the first note.  He still has it in him and then some.  It's the most I've enjoyed Paul in a long time.  I'm a Beatlemaniac from the '60's who lost interest in Paul's solo work awhile ago.  I find this new work very interesting and worth listening too.
B001M5UDGS|5.0|There's a million ways that a 3 part musical about a super villain, shown exclusively online, could go horribly, horribly wrong. But leave it to Joss Whedon to do it all wonderfully right. The story is fun, imaginative, has heart and manages to be better than half the shows on TV without really trying. Add to that the successful experiment of distributing the chapters online and we have a truly innovative package, made by one of today's most innovative and creative storytellers.
0930289234|5.0|For a long time I wondered how a comic book could possible win a Hugo Award for science fiction and be on Time magazines list of 100 best novels.  But after reading The Watchmen I can honestly say that it earned every bit of the praise that has been heaped upon it.<br /><br />The book features some of the richest characters ever written.  Retired crime fighters struggling to live normal lives and one by one being drawn into an ever growing mystery as they investigate the death of one of their own.  It delves into their histories and slowly reveals what drove them to become crime fighters.  While never personifying them as perfect examples of humanity but instead painting them as normal flawed people who for one reason or another can't just sit back and watch society crumble.
B000X418UE|5.0|Great Movie, Blu Ray High Definition is awesome with this movie and my surround sound.
B001NEK2GE|5.0|I'd like to start by saying that the Nostromo N52 is a great product. It fits your hand nicely, the buttons travel well, the build is durable, and the key layout is perfect. When mine broke down finally after several years of use (two of the buttons were unresponsive and the crosspad squeaked loudly), I decided to buy a new one. Belkin had launched the N52te, and I was looking forward to using what had to be an even better iteration on this wonderful product.    I was wrong. While the physical layout had not changed much (button action seemed mushy comparatively), the programming software had. One of the things that was great about the N52 was the \\"states\\" feature. There were four: red, green, and blue indicated by bright LED lights, and a standard state which did not use the LEDs. The N52te had the red, green, and blue states...but no standard state. These LEDs are positioned at where the outer curve of your left thumb would be and were quite bright. My left eye consequently started to hurt after a while. The programming software, as mentioned, had changed: it was more about style...functionality was sacrificed, and the ability to bring in profiles from the older n52 was non-existent.     Thus I began searching for alternate solutions, and found Logitechs' G13. While I still prefer the n52's hand positioning more, the g13 was obviously designed with the frustrating n52te experience in mind. Programming is easy - the way the n52 used to be, but wrapped in a stylish, slick interface that works. A good improvement so far. Like the n52te, the g13 has backlit keys...but the lights are just enough for visibility in low light conditions. No light from this product is overwhelming at all.     The states function makes its way to the g13 as well, and very nicely. Instead of a red, green, and blue state, your states have user-definable colors that affect the backlighting for the entire unit. For those of you familiar with the SteelSeries-made WoW Mouse, the color-selection process is the same, with the same number of colors available. Colors you want, at just the right intensity, make for an eye-pleasing glance down at the keypad.    The buttons and the thumb directional stick feel good. The stick took a little getting used to, but operates nicely, and is a true 8 way. Transitioning from the Nostromo, I've found that the correct hand position places your hand in the center, with the pointer finger and the pinky finger taking on two columns of keys each. The two buttons accessible by the thumb are nicely placed, though I'm still trying to figure out the best way to get at those three buttons on the bottom row.    The addition of the G15 keyboard's LCD display is very nice. I haven't played too much with it yet, but the software automatically recognizes when I start up World of Warcraft, and displays for me the common statistics for the character I have on at the time. There's a limitation to those stats though: they can only display up to three digit numbers, which Wrath of the Lich King surpasses. Still, I imagine with the popularity of the G13 growing, there will be updates to this, and in the meantime, there are other WoW G15 apps that can be used.    The verdict: I'm extremely happy with my G13 and would highly recommend it to any friend of mine who has a medium-sized hand or larger. As other reviewers have noted, you'll want to make sure you have a lot of space at the left side of your keyboard. - it takes up about as much space as your standard mousepad.
B001GCUNYO|5.0|I will start off by saying that every parent who has not seen this movie, should go and see it now. I have no doubt in my mind that this film will save some girl's life this summer. It has been a huge talking point in Europe, and I have no doubt that this debate will continue in the States over the coming months.    The kidnapping scene of Liam Neeson's daughter is well orchestrated with some neat editing that adds to the tension. The film doesn't waste much time getting down to the core of the story, and once it moves to Paris, this movie is a real roller-coaster of a ride.     I agree with one reviewer that this is Liam Neeson's best action movie since Darkman. The version I saw was the European dvd edit that I assume is a bit stronger than what is currently shown in North American cinemas at present. A word of warning, this movie will make you extremely angry at how young girls are manipulated in the sex industry, I guarantee it.     As already been mentioned by many reviewers, this is the best action movie in years, but most important, it sends out a strong message about young girls travelling abroad. It's been a long time since I stood up and applauded a movie, this happens to be one of them.
B00168HARG|5.0|This is the best season to own. The later seasons move off course from the original plot and throw in a lot of detours which, I think, drag down the plot. This season keeps the suspense that the terminator may turn on John and is not to be trusted.
B0000508U6|1.0|Why don't I like this album?  There are three reasons.  First, the guitar work is always reminiscent of something else--but you can't put your finger on it!  Where is that jangly lick from?  It's thievery, for sure, but not all the evidence is there.<br /><br />Second, what is up with those gravelly old vocals?  If you're going to have a guy singing--and already, this is probably a mistake--for Pete's sake, let him belt out a few.  Let's hear some shout or some snarl.  Not just talking into a microphone.  That's not rock and roll!<br /><br />Third, that incredibly terribly written song \\"Spies.\\"  If you're going to use the same line over and over again, for the love of Mike, it should make a little bit of sense!  Spies come out of...the water?  No, FROGS come out of the water.  Spies come out Ford LTDs.  OK, maybe sometimes spies come from a submarine in the water (as in ICE STATION ZEBRA, see my review).  But not from the water itself.<br /><br />And again, as with the Roches (see my review), I associate this with a REALLY bad relationship.  You might think that this is an idiosyncratic thing, and that I shouldn't allow it to sway my judgment.  Not so!  If I got food poisoning at a restaurant, I'll be darn sure to mention THAT in a review.  It isn't an accident that the lady friend who loved to listen to this, and got a goofy grin on her face, and would even try to get me to dance around to \\"Spies,\\" was a back-stabbing double-faced no goodnik.  Just the kind of person who would love a \\"cold play.\\"  Not me! [58]
B000077VOY|5.0|You wouldn't think it'd be possible to imbue a puppet series with all the flamboyant colour and camp of the 1960's - yet here it is.<br /><br />'Stingray' is gloriously of its time. A deliciously CGI-free world of deep-sea despots, mechanical war-fish, relentless xenophobia and populist rough justice.<br />It's the completely believable adventures of the Marineville-based World Aquanaut Security Patrol: Troy Tempest, Phones, Atlanta, Commander Shore, exiled sea-nymph Marina, and their self-righteous policing of nasty races skulking and scheming at the bottom of the sea. (And now to the serious stuff....!)<br /><br />Much fun's to be had spotting the real folk the puppets are based on: Marina is obviously Ursula Andress, Shore displays more than a hint of Spencer Tracy, evil scourge Surface Agent X 2 Zero's voice is clearly Peter Lorre - in fact only Tempest himself remains unclear. I always thought it may be some early 60's crooner like Dickie Valentine - the jury's out anyway.<br />([Edit]: Someone suggested James Garner which is a great call!)<br /><br />'Stingray' has the most exciting opening credits sequence of any tv series ever.<br />Oil rigs collapse, a whole marine base disappears underground, huge noisy war-planes raze the sky, explosions, shootings, missiles, a jarring jump from black and white to vivid colour; all accompanied by the rousing and urgent theme music, in my opinion never bettered, by Barry Gray.<br /><br />On the un-PC front 'Stingray' is a joy. The 'Loch Ness Monster' episode is APPALLINGLY offensive and the WASPs seem to a have a very civilised - if unfashionable - shoot-on-site policy;<br />Phones: \\"Hey Troy, I'm picking up a small craft on the echo-finder.\\"<br />Tempest: \\"Prepare Sting Missiles!\\" .<br />They smoke, drink, play poker and there's an underwater prison: Aquatraz (!) which makes Guantanamo Bay look like the Holiday Inn.<br /><br />The 60's endorsed sexism is admirably emphatic. Both female characters have massive crushes on Tempest (of course) but instead of filling his boots, he acts so gallant, coy and condescending - he gets neither.<br />Personally - although Andress/Marina is desirably mute - I'd go for Atlanta.<br />She's a hot red-head, dreamily voiced by old Moneypenny herself Lois Maxwell, and is the daughter of Commander Shore, so there's more chance of promotion...<br /><br />The only down-side to 'Stingray' is that it was commissioned for children so no-one gets even slightly killed.gallant, coy and condescending - he gets neither.  Personally - although Andress/Marina is desirably mute - I'd go for Atlanta.   She's a hot red-head, dreamily voiced by old Moneypenny herself Lois Maxwell, and is the daughter of Commander Shore, so there's more chance of promotion...    The only down-side to 'Stingray' is that it was commissioned for children so no-one gets even slightly killed.
B0013FSL3E|5.0|I saw movie in theater and enjoyed extemely. So I wanted to order the Dvd to enjoy over and over. I was a cute movie and I will watch it many times.  J. Pirozzi
B00127RAJY|4.0|I recommend this video to any one wanting a 'kick your butt' work out in a short amount of time.  Jillian does a great job incorporating multiple muscle groups in one exercise for maximum benefits.  Level one is a great start.  Just when you think you are ready for the next level, Jillian kicks your butt again.  It is great to go back and forth between the levels when you are ready, it kept me from getting bored.  Jillian is a little rough in her cueing, but I just kept working the exercise until she started the next one.  The part I like the best is that I feel like I worked out a lot longer than the 20-25 minutes each work out provides.
B000063UR2|5.0|The product was in perfect condition and is just what I wanted. It came in a very timely manner.
B000001EYO|2.0|ya their are some good songs on this disc but most of which is missing. Its all meat and potatos with no juice... for the three that your buying this for, then cool. You may like it. I was disappointed that I had to buy 6 other discs to get all the songs.
076535618X|5.0|Yes, I dare say it - for me, Scalzi is the closest heir to maestro Heinlein as I've read. The Last Colony is Scalzi's humanist final book of a trilogy - and it's almost perfect. If you haven't read Old Man's War or the Ghost Brigades, do yourself a favor and read those first. Not because this book doesn't stand on its own - but because you'll be depriving yourself of the pleasure the arc of the three books will bring you.   Good humanist sci-fi in the best tradition.  Highly recommended.
0439023483|4.0|In a future North America, now called Panem, Katniss Everdeen lives in District 12. There Katniss hunts to feed her family and to trade and sell for other necessities.<br /><br />Once a year a lottery is held  to choose two teens, one boy and one girl,  between the ages of 12 and 18 to fight in The Hunger Games. Katniss winds up representing her district and she knows that she will be forced to fight to the death.<br /><br />I have been seeing a lot of buzz around this book on the blogs and since I tend to really enjoy both survival stories and futuristic societies, I was thrilled to find out that there was no wait for this at the library. Either I beat the buzz to my branch or I am way behind it, I'm not sure which.<br /><br />Katniss is a real survivor. She steps up and takes over the responsibility of feeding her mother and sister when her father is killed, she doesn't like owing anyone anything, she faces her lot in The Hunger Games with grit and determination and she is as smart as anything when it comes to outfoxing her opponents. She is tough, abrupt, and almost mean at times and that's to the people she likes.<br /><br />Coming off of a sickness-induced reading slump, this was the perfect book to get me jump-started. Once I picked it up, I didn't want to put it down. It's violent and disturbing but I expected that once I knew it was about a death match and the circumstances which changed North America into Panem.<br /><br />My only complaint is that I wish we would have seen more about the government. I kept wondering if I was seeing clues to a revolt or things not being what they seemed as I read. I guess I will have to wait for a sequel.<br /><br />There's also a sort of a love triangle going on here but, again, we will have to wait for the next book to see any resolution on that front.<br /><br />I thought the names were a little lame but I really enjoyed reading this book and am looking forward to the next one. (4.5/5)
B001ICBI5U|3.0|I am a huge fan of Neil Gaiman, but I have to say that I was somewhat disappointed with this edition of Coraline.  For one thing the illustrations hit me like a dissonant chord, removing any sympathy I might have had for the poor girl who is at the center of this perfect storm of her own making.<br /><br />But I think the essence of my discomfort comes from the awareness that present day children are being brought up on a diet of weird spookiness, and while Gaiman's style works well for adults I think it transfers rather poorly into the world of the innocents.
B001L5SXQG|1.0|This CD was a real disappointment.  Age has caught up with Bruce,and the raw character of his early stuff is just now garbled growls.
B001PPLIFU|5.0|First of all this movie is not as good as CASINO ROYALE, But it's almost as good. To me Casino was a 5 1/2 star rating. This movie is none the less exciting, fun, and action packed.The movie was a bit shaking camera wise, in the theatre, but the huge screen makes it look alot worse. I'm sure in your own home and on blu-ray, the editing wont seem as shaky.
0385751893|5.0|The Boy in the Striped Pajamas is the story of Bruno, a nine-year-old boy, who comes home one day to find that his family is moving due to his father's job. Bruno is the son of a German officer who will be the Commandant of the Auschwitz concentration camp. From his bedroom window he has seen people in \\"striped pajamas\\" behind a fence. Curious about why they are there as well as lonely, Bruno sets out exploring.  He goes to the fence and he happens to meet a boy named Shmuel who is very similar to Bruno in many ways. They even share the same birthday. However, their lives are obviously very different.<br /><br />As I was listening to this book, I kept thinking that I was really enjoying the fact that I was hearing this from the perspective of a German child. I have read about concentration camps from the perspective of a Jewish child. The horrors are unimaginable. But to gain some insight as to how it is possible that people stood by and allowed this to happen is definitely different.<br /><br />Bruno is pretty naive. He is just a little boy who counts on his parents to take care of him. He figures they know best and doesn't worry too much about the rest. In fact, I thought that Bruno's cluelessness was a bit unrealistic until I listened to the author's interview at the end of the book. He spoke about the fact that The Holocaust is hindsight for us. We look back with the perspective that we know this happened. It is part of the landscape of our past. However, during the time that this was going on and when the concentration camps were liberated, even adults believed that the stories of the atrocities were just rumors and that something this monstrous could not be happening. He also talks about complacency and the fact that victims of the concentration camps were marched through neighboring villages and people did nothing. That is something that I hadn't considered and changed my opinion. I do think that Bruno was immature for a nine-year-old by today's standards. I did have a hard time believing that he couldn't catch on to the names of Auschwitz(Out With) and the Fuhrer(The Fury). However, I concede that it's possible that without some of the outside influences we have today in the picture, nine-year-olds were much more innocent sixty or so years ago.<br /><br />At any rate, those things were minor for me as was the fact that I figured out what was going to happen pretty early on it the book. There were no shocks and though the convergence of the events seems improbable, stranger things happen every day and ultimately, I was willing to suspend disbelief for the message that was conveyed.<br /><br />I am not sure if the author interview is available in the regular book. However, listening to John Boyne explain why he did what he did with his characters made a huge difference to me. The book and the writing are excellent. The thought process behind them make this book superior.<br /><br />This is a must-read for anyone who is breathing so that we don't become complacent again.time believing that he couldn't catch on to the names of Auschwitz(Out With) and the Fuhrer(The Fury). However, I concede that it's possible that without some of the outside influences we have today in the picture, nine-year-olds were much more innocent sixty or so years ago.    At any rate, those things were minor for me as was the fact that I figured out what was going to happen pretty early on it the book. There were no shocks and though the convergence of the events seems improbable, stranger things happen every day and ultimately, I was willing to suspend disbelief for the message that was conveyed.    I am not sure if the author interview is available in the regular book. However, listening to John Boyne explain why he did what he did with his characters made a huge difference to me. The book and the writing are excellent. The thought process behind them make this book superior.    This is a must-read for anyone who is breathing so that we don't become complacent again.
B001P5Q6F2|5.0|A review to rate it five stars. Nothing more, nothing less. An awesome installment after Sacrament.
B00110K62U|5.0|I was pleased with my product. This has to be the most amazing musical that has ever hit broadway and if you are a fan of Les Miserables then you must buy this dvd. This dvd features the origianl cast with a great orchestra and the actors go up to the mic and sing their solos.
B001H5X7KC|4.0|This is a good watch.  A comedy with a little bit of a plot.
B000QYBB6M|5.0|Writers are regularly admonished to write about what they know and Alexander McCall Smith evidently knows Botswana; the land, people and their culture which he gently introduces to the reader through the life story of his unique heroine, Mma Precious Ramotswe.  Sometimes dubbed the Miss Marple of Africa but this is a disservice to both characters.  Mma Ramotswe is younger than Jane Marple and her youthful experiences are related so the reader has a more complete understanding of what motivates Precious.  She also opens the first ladies detective agency in all of Botswana publicly announcing herself an investigator, something Miss Marple never did.    Her detecting adventures are not the main plot but are a part of her wonderful life adventures.  AMS doesn't need graphic sex or violence to keep the reader's attention.  Cuddle up before the fire or spread out at the beach.  You will breeze through this 'precious' tale and hunt up the rest of this excellent series for more of Mma Ramotswe!
B001PPGAIA|4.0|After his debut film [[ASIN:B00005V1Y0 Strictly Ballroom]], writer/director Baz Luhrmann never looked back, creating lavish, ultra-stylish musicals [[ASIN:B000K7VHLY Romeo & Juliet - The Music Edition]] and [[ASIN:B00005QZ7U Moulin Rouge (Two-Disc Collector's Edition)]], and let's not forget that $5 million Chanel commercial starring his cinematic muse, Nicole Kidman. With his latest film, Australia, he decided to take national pride to a whole new level by creating a sweeping romantic epic about his home country that takes place between the World Wars and was made by and starring Australians. With a budget in the neighborhood of $130 million, the pressure was on Luhrmann now more than ever before to deliver at the box office and, while underperforming in North America, it has gone on to gross $200 million worldwide despite a lukewarm critical response.<br /><br />As he proved with is previous films, Luhrmann has an uncanny knack for casting. Who can forget the undeniable chemistry between Leonardo DiCaprio and Claire Danes in Romeo + Juliet and the sparks that flew between Ewan McGregor and Nicole Kidman in Moulin Rouge!? He's at it again with this new film with the casting of Hugh Jackman and Kidman as the romantic leads.<br /><br />Jackman finally fulfills those early comparisons to Clint Eastwood as he plays the Drover as a tough, dependable hero who's not afraid to show his vulnerable side. He's never been more charismatic as he proves to be equally adept at the physical demands and the emotional range that the role requires. No one knows how to photograph Kidman quite like Luhrmann. She looks stunning, even covered in a layer of dirt and dust from a cattle drive. At first, her stuffy English aristocrat comes off as a cartoonish stereotype but as her character becomes acclimatized to the country and she develops a bond with Nullah, she becomes warmer and more empathetic.<br /><br />Beginning in 1939 and climaxing with the Japanese bombing of Darwin in 1942, Luhrmann's Australia mixes the larger-than-life melodrama of Gone with the Wind (1939) with the exciting cattle drive in Red River (1948) and with a dash of The Wizard of Oz (1939). His film clearly harkens back to the kind of cinema that they just don't make anymore with very little CGI used and everything built from scratch and on location. Australia is the kind of ambitious Technicolor epic that might have been made by John Ford or George Stevens. It is a marvel of absolutely stunning cinematography - only Luhrmann could make the desolate outback look vibrant and alive. He alternates between sun-drenched day scenes and night scenes that appear to be impossibly illuminated by the stars.<br /><br />One should not go into Australia expecting realism. Luhrmann presents a mythologized take on his country. Love him or hate him, you have to respect Luhrmann for not being afraid to wear his heart on his sleeve. He's arguably the most romantic filmmaker working today with the possible exception of Wong Kar-Wai. And with Australia, he has made an unabashed love letter to his homeland on a grand scale.<br /><br />Not much in the Special Features department - just two deleted scenes. One features the Drover convincing Ashley to stay after her husband dies and another featuring an angry staff serving Ashley dinner. Luhrmann has said in interviews that he's planning a special edition DVD later this year making this version strictly a rental.the larger-than-life melodrama of Gone with the Wind (1939) with the exciting cattle drive in Red River (1948) and with a dash of The Wizard of Oz (1939). His film clearly harkens back to the kind of cinema that they just don't make anymore with very little CGI used and everything built from scratch and on location. Australia is the kind of ambitious Technicolor epic that might have been made by John Ford or George Stevens. It is a marvel of absolutely stunning cinematography - only Luhrmann could make the desolate outback look vibrant and alive. He alternates between sun-drenched day scenes and night scenes that appear to be impossibly illuminated by the stars.     One should not go into Australia expecting realism. Luhrmann presents a mythologized take on his country. Love him or hate him, you have to respect Luhrmann for not being afraid to wear his heart on his sleeve. He's arguably the most romantic filmmaker working today with the possible exception of Wong Kar-Wai. And with Australia, he has made an unabashed love letter to his homeland on a grand scale.    Not much in the Special Features department - just two deleted scenes. One features the Drover convincing Ashley to stay after her husband dies and another featuring an angry staff serving Ashley dinner. Luhrmann has said in interviews that he's planning a special edition DVD later this year making this version strictly a rental.
B001FB4W0W|5.0|Amazing, addictive, and after seeing the first season you will probably set your alarm on your cell phone for True Blood episodes season 2.<br />Exciting, edge of your seat fun.  I fell in love with every character, and I am not one that is pleased easy and TV usually bores me.<br />On my list True Blood is up there with Dexter, and Six Feet Under.  These series can not be beat.  If they can, I cannot wait for the day.<br />Experience True Blood, it will leave you thirsty for more.
B00003CXZ4|4.0|There is much to like here.   The film is a tour de force in many respects.    What is troubling isn't so much the film but the passionate reverence of its fans.   For thousands of years, artists have striven to find forms with which the incoherence and complexity of \\"reality\\" can be communicated to people.   In the best art, a kind of sublime simplicity is achieved.   Now, we are giving birth to a new form: the puzzle film.  This genre seems to propose that chopping up time and skewing perception can take us further towards understanding the world than conventional means can.  But this is a false idea:   in the end these puzzle films work best only as mind games.  Any aesthetic connection to deeper ideas is really just gravy.  \\"Babel\\" was perhaps the most corrupt example:  at its heart was a ridiculously contrived matinee thriller masquerading as an indie art film.  \\"Memento\\" is more of a Borges story elaborated to epic proportions.   Fascinating, yes.   Brilliant at times, perhaps.   But, in the end a bauble for people who like to stare at baubles thinking themselves wise for doing so. The \\"profound\\" content about identity, projection, etc. really could have been explored with less fuss.   The film may one day be viewed as a symptom of our inability to make sense of our lives in a fractured moment in time, an example of our social illness rather than a work of art.  And a depressing experience, to boot.  Baroque, in the worst sense, in that it will inspire a whole new generation of fan boys to invent ever more clever and complicated toys with which to engage the minds of their \\"soul\\" mates.     Still, hats off to the filmmakers and cast for an impressive, if dubious achievement:  this is probably the best film of its genre.    Addendum,  2011:  By now, after \\"Inception,\\"  Christopher Nolan has revealed the full measure of his mediocrity.    And \\"Memento\\" is fast fading into the La Brea Tar Pits of flashes in the pan that fizzled-- because the Emperor has no clothes.
0783225725|5.0|I could watch Clint Eastwood any day because he MAKES MY DAY!  Gotta love it.  Good movie - one of is classics!
B0015ABRE2|5.0|Amazing, addictive, exciting, brilliant!<br />With each season all of the above seem to apply and improve.  This past season (Third) was the best thus far.  If the fourth season out does the third, I don't know if I can handle it.<br />I look forward to the release of this series.  I could never tire of Dexter and it will fill my addiction until the upcoming Season Four!
0141439475|5.0|Frankenstein is a name that is common to most people today, but few people know the actual Frankenstein story. Mary Shelley's dark horror story is about a promising young man who decided that he had to discover how to create life. When he finally unlocked the secret to doing this, he constructed a body to spark with life. The moment he made his creation come alive, though, he was consumed with horror and remorse, and ran in shame. His creation ran, and lived in the woods for months, where he began to learn things. The monster discovered a family living on a poor farm and hid in an unused portion of their home for yet another few months, learning how to talk from them by watching. Finally, he worked up his courage to confront them, but it turned to disaster and he was sent running. From here his hatred for man grew, and he murdered an innocent boy whom he found out was related to his creator. Dr. Frankenstein found the monster, confronted him, and agreed to make him a companion so that the monster would have some one to confide in. The doctor destroyed the body right before he finished though, and his monster killed all his friends and family. Frankenstein chases the monster until he cannot anymore, and the monster kills itself out of remorse.<br /><br />This chilling story is a vivid reflection of Mary Shelley's Marxist-like beliefs. It is a twisted and gruesome story, but an entertaining one at that. It is a great work of fiction, and a classic. A good gothic horror read.
074322454X|4.0|Definitly an admirable effort on the 101st Airborne's participation in WW2. The gritty realism and honest assessment of events is top-notch. The solitary reason that kept me from giving it an overall 5-star rating was the underdevelopment of the characters...you truly wanted to know them better.
B000002UY5|5.0|I remember many years ago hearing this albulm on casette tape and falling in love.  In fact it is on my ipod now and it is the current CD in my car's CD player.<br />I absolutely love Blind Melon.  This CD and Soup are my favorite CD's of all time.  I love the structures of the songs, the many instruments, (there are tons, Variety, Variety, Variety), that raspy distint voice of Hoon's.  You can't go wrong here.  Jam Band Heaven!<br />If you have never had that chance to experience Melon, give it a try, you won't be let down!
055321277X|5.0|'Jekyll and Hyde' is a commonly used phrase, but the story behind it is quite the chilling work. \\"Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde\\" tells the story of a man who pursues a less agreeable field of science called transcendental science. During his studies, he discovers a way to alter his personality, along with his physical appearance, so that he was purely evil, but wheres a different face than his usual one. The idea of being able to indulge in his lusts with a different face thrilled him and he worked until he perfected the potion that caused the transformation. As time went on though, his evil side grew and began to take over, until not even the potion could turn him back to his normal self. The tragic story ends in suicide.    Stevenson's creepy story shows a man who lets his hedonistic and indulgent side get out of check, and he loses control. It is a chilling prospect, even if exaggerated a bit. It is a quick and relatively easy read, and a good horror story about science gone wrong. Beyond this it holds a message that shows that man is evil, and we can't save ourselves from it no matter how hard we try. The story presents an unfortunate truth, despite its contrast with Stevenson's Marxist beliefs, but this truth just makes it all the more chilling and dark.
074325144X|5.0|More than just an instruction on running, an instruction on a better way to live and keep focus on your inner self. Take your time and its not so difficult. No pain, no pain.
B0000508U6|5.0|Before they started experimenting, Coldplay first attempted to put their stamp on a perfection of rock music. And while it may not perfect the genre, it certainly adds a lot into what rock is in the 21st century, and has to be considered in a list of top 100 albums in rock, as it really sets the stage for all Brit Rock to come in the decade.<br /><br />\\"Don't Panic\\" starts the album off in a glimpse of what's to come: understated, but brilliant soft rock. The chords are all so strikingly original and driving, as showcased in \\"Shiver,\\" a track that introduces you to question of 'why didn't anybody think of this sooner?,' which you will ask throughout the course of the album. \\"Trouble\\" is a striking piano-based ballad that chock-full of some of the most raw emotion Coldplay has recorded, and it again, it has some great piano-based riffs in the song. \\"Yellow\\" is probably the most recognizable track from the album, and rightly so since it has such timeless, yet mysterious lyrics. Again, it has some excellent musical prose, and some raw, yet simple emotions. A true Coldplay original, the track has led to a few covers, but I have not heard one that tops the original just yet.<br /><br />Overall, 'Parachutes' is a breakthrough, and in the battle of best Coldplay album, it depends on which style you like. If you like the grand and layered sound, then 'Viva La Vida' wins out, but if you like the simple, yet understated sound, then 'Parachutes' wins out. All in all, it's not hard to see why Coldplay is considered one of the best bands in the world today. Don't believe me? Their inevitable best-of CD already looks to be a killer.
B00005YXZH|5.0|If you payed attention to music in the early part of this decade, you undoubtedly heard the debacle that was Reprise Record's attempt to drop Wilco over this album. This tale has surrounded the album since it was released; however, once you look past it, you will find the best American album to be released this century.    Yankee Hotel Foxtrot kicks off with \\"I Am Trying to Break Your Heart\\", a brutally honest song amazing in its beauty. It sets the tone for the whole album with the constant ambient background that surrounds the deconstructed pop of Wilco. The album picks up with \\"Kamera\\", a more traditional Wilco song, but is halted by the masterful lament of \\"Radio Cure.\\" Songs like \\"I Am The Man Who Loves You\\" and \\"Pot Kettle Black\\" prove that Wilco still knows how to rock. However, after multiple listens, the highlights of the album are \\"Ashes of American Flags\\" and \\"Poor Places\\", both lyrical masterpieces.    Overall this album is a drastic departure from the alt-rock of AM and the Beach-Boy Americana pop of Summerteeth. Yankee Hotel Foxtrot's briiant mixture of Americana and ambiance, along with Tweedy's best songwriting, make it Wilco's best album, and the American album of recent memory.
0670020745|5.0|This is a FABULOUS book.  If you are human.  If you know a human.  You have to read this book!
0670020745|4.0|This book provides a unique description of the differences between the left and right sides of the brain, because she experienced about as big a decrease in the functioning of her left hemisphere as anyone who has recovered enough to write about it. It's a very quick read, but didn't have as much information as I'd hoped.<br /><br />She makes plausible claims (with minimal mysticism) that her stroke helped her experience nirvana and continues to help her choose to have the best parts of her brain dominate her personality. It makes me wish there were something better than the Wada test that would enable the rest of us to more safely experiment with such experiences.<br /><br />It helps me understand what I'm not accomplishing when I try (with little success) to meditate, but it appears that her advice for how to do better only works for people who are starting with a mind that is less strongly dominated by the left brain than mine.<br /><br />It's important to remember that the parts of her brain that are reporting the benefits of her experience are the ones that survived. We have little information about how the parts of her brain that died would have evaluated the experience.
B000UR9T8C|1.0|This was by far the worst of the 3 spiderman movies. I can't believe some of the high reviews for this movie. It was the cheesiest, most ridiculous plot I've seen in a LONG time. I want the time I spent watching this movie back!
B000007OTH|5.0|What can I say, if you have the violin concertos by the same line-up. Don't hestiate, get this as well. It has the balance of violin & orchestral pieces and his symphonies. It is a First Rate recording in every sense of the word. What a set. Magnificient!!!!!!!!!!!Bruch's VCs and Syms are better than Brahms if you ask me.
B0013D8LCW|5.0|I love this story, it is so good. It makes you feel so much. Makes you sad and laugh and feel for the characters so much. Will watch over and over. Great Job on this movie.
B001LMU182|2.0|I got this because I am an audiophile and Akira fan.  Unfortunately it won't play on my LG BH200.  It just spins the disk with a blank screen.  I think it's because of the reported English/Japanese option at the beginning, but I'm only guessing.  I've also heard the LG300 has a problem and the Samsung 5000 combo player.  While I would love to totally blame LG, they are only partially at fault for not updating their players for every single movie that comes out.  Ultimately, it's the disk's fault.  I've thrown hundreds of disks at my player and never had a problem.  This is a major disappointment and I hope can be resolved by a firmware update by LG.  But who knows when that will happen?  This is the pain of blu-ray, where standards change with every new release.  I guess I should have gotten a  PS3 after all...    Hopefully I can amend this review in the near future.    EDIT: A work-around!  For me and my Lg BH200 I wait until it sticks on the black screen and then hit stop and stop again, then press 'disc menu'.  This sequence will take me to the main menu where I can select to watch the movie.  Though very irritating, I can at least watch the movie now.   And now for the review:  Playing the Jap TrueHd track I noticed how BIG the sound was.  Huge 'in my room' sound.  Clean sound too, with no harshness at all.  But, it was only the front 2 speakers.  Even  though I bought a high end receiver  (marantz sr7002) last year, it cannot play 5.1 channels in the 192khz that Akira puts out.  I've never had a way to test this until now, but now the unfortunate truth comes home.    Here's the good news:  Even in Stereo it is my preferred track.  It's so rich, even without the surrounds.  I must warn you that I do have two full-range front speakers, so if you're using little cubes I don't know what it will be like for you.    Bad news:  Now, here's where it gets interesting.  I thought I might listen in EnglishHD to get surround.  It was just acceptable.  What I mean is it sounded fairly harsh compared to the JapHD and the dynamic sound was pretty flat, anemic.  I switched to JapDolby compressed and the sound nearly blew me out of my chair in comparison.  The Dolby in Jap still sounds like a compressed sound track, but  except for the brittle sound on the top it actually sounds BETTER than the EnglishHD.  I heard instruments I'd never heard before.  Further investigation revealed a totally new remastering for the Japanese tracks that had not been done for the English track.  All the new techniques applied to make the Japanese sound so good (HD or no)had not been applied in any way to the English track.  What this means is it's a slightly higher bitrate than older English releases, but is not that much better and in fact may be hampered by the space taken by the Japanese tracks.  After hearing the lossy Dolby in Japanese you almost get the sense that English was an afterthought.  This is somewhat disappointing, but true fans hate the pioneer dub anyway and are still crying over the loss of the original strangely translated Streamline version.  I'm trying to wean myself off the English track so I can enjoy the JapHD, even in stereo.  It really is that good.  But I think it could have sounded 90% as good if it had been 24bit/96khz which nearly every modern receiver can play in 5.1.  That 10% in quality cost me and probably 90% of every other customer their 3.1 channels of sound.  So, it's future proof, but I'll have to wait some time before I can hear it completely.  The picture is much better than DVD but it's not perfect.  Those expecting a Disney-like cleaning of the master might be disappointed to see some noise here and there.  But this is minor.  Overall it's still the best release to date, and probably the best will ever be.  I'm just disappointed they couldn't figure out a way to make it more compatible with select machines (see first review) and make it so people don't have to buy new high end equipment this year or next to hear itin 5.1.
0143038583|5.0|There are books you read because you see them on the shelf and think hey, that could be interesting and pick it up.  And then there are books that you read because you keep hearing about them from everyone else who has read them.  This book fell squarely into the latter category for me, and I'm a little embarassed to admit that this gave me pretty low expectations; I half-expected a fad diet plan, a nostalgic journey though our ancestors' eating habits, or another author railing against fast food and high fructose corn syrup to the already-converted.<br /><br />I'm thankful to say that the book was none of these things.  It is, in fact, four books, if you ask me.  And here they are:<br /><br />Book 1: Industrial fast food.  Pollan writes extensively about corn in all its forms, about how we're effectively made of the stuff, about why it is used to make almost all of our processed food, and about the implications this has for the planet and ourselves.<br /><br />Book 2: Industrial organic food. A somewhat unexpected analysis of the organic food industry-how it started, what it used to mean for food to be \\"organic,\\" what it means now, and some of the tradeoffs that are made at the farm to get the green USDA Organic sticker you see on the box.<br /><br />Book 3: Polyface Farms. Pollan visits a very unusual farm that rotates crops, grasses, and animals through a patchwork of formerly poor farmland to produce animal products (mostly) in a way that is perhaps the most natural and sustainable counterpoint to the industrial mechanism outlined in the first chapter.<br /><br />Book 4: Hunting and Gathering. A rather more personal narrative about the author's experience hunting and gathering himself, including a discourse about the ethics of eating animals, during which he quotes heavily from leading philosphers; and a discourse about hunting them, during which he leans heavily on the poets.<br /><br />The writing style is absolutely splendid.  Some will find Pollan's prose to be a bit pretentious and rambling-he has a flair for the melodramatic and poetic and sent me running for the dictionary a number of times-but the book's very well-researched and dense with information and thoughtful observations.<br /><br />This book distinguishes itself from the huge (and quickly growing) pile of books about food because the author gives the reader no specific advice about what to eat, aside from some mostly-implied suggestions to avoid overprocessed food and choose local or sustainably farmed items when you can.  Instead, he just asks that readers think about what he occasionally refers to as the \\"full karmic price\\" of their food, not just its sticker price at the grocer's, and that we think about the whole story of the food we eat, from farm to plate, and the context in which it is eaten.<br /><br />I can't recommend this to anyone who wants quick answers about what to eat.  But it's a great book if you want to know how to think about what you eat-not in terms of calories or the latest and greatest super-nutrient of the day but in terms of what it actually means to eat that thing.<br /><br />And that's something I don't think we do enough.air for the melodramatic and poetic and sent me running for the dictionary a number of times-but the book's very well-researched and dense with information and thoughtful observations.    This book distinguishes itself from the huge (and quickly growing) pile of books about food because the author gives the reader no specific advice about what to eat, aside from some mostly-implied suggestions to avoid overprocessed food and choose local or sustainably farmed items when you can.  Instead, he just asks that readers think about what he occasionally refers to as the \\"full karmic price\\" of their food, not just its sticker price at the grocer's, and that we think about the whole story of the food we eat, from farm to plate, and the context in which it is eaten.     I can't recommend this to anyone who wants quick answers about what to eat.  But it's a great book if you want to know how to think about what you eat-not in terms of calories or the latest and greatest super-nutrient of the day but in terms of what it actually means to eat that thing.     And that's something I don't think we do enough.
B001GKJ2FM|3.0|Amazon is insisting that I write a review.  I haven't had a chance to watch the video yet but I saw the stage show and have high expectations of the movie.
B000MRAAJM|5.0|Knowing I would be getting a BD player around the turn of the year, I had stalled purchasing the DVD of this.  It was worth the wait.  The series is fantastic, the choice and variety is incredible.  Narration is great (I have the BBC version, can't speak for the Discovery).  As someone who believes God created our world I found myself in awe.  I'll be re-watching these time and time again.
141690977X|3.0|Cute book, but I recommend someone just see the movie.  It follows the book pretty closely without the repetition.  Most people like to see a scenario played out so they can relate to a situation, romantic or otherwise.  The book drones on without empathy to some soul searchers who may be out there with real heartbreak.  Wait, it does try and send out an occasional pat-on-the-back for being idiots in the dating world.  Girls should stop reading and just get out there and enjoy meeting men.  Not all frogs will turn into princes, but that's ok too.
0061660167|5.0|Coraline, (unabridged) written and read by Neil Gaiman is wonderful! It's like listening to a be time story and having the author breathe life into his work as it is being told to you, first hand.<br /><br />I do recommend, though, that one should read the book first, listen to the CD and then watch the movie to compare notes.<br /><br />Gaiman is a genius !
031606792X|5.0|breaking dawn was a completely amazing book. I've heard quite a few negative reveiws, mainly about how disturbing and wrong it is to send the message of marrying and having a child at the age of eighteen. What i think, though, is that it doesn't send the wrong message at all. The message it sends is simply to make the best with what you have been given. No one would be quite in bella's place, so therefore no one would make quite the same choices as bella. Bella was an amazing character who did the best she could do and her dreams came true. The book was very well written and i, personally, read it about 5 times!
0061649708|5.0|Gaiman is a brilliant author and Coraline was not disappointing. It's a cover to cover read, keeping you on the edge of your seat clamoring for more action as Coraline bravely soldiers on an adventure.<br /><br />The book is refreshing and very encouraging to get the young readers motivated to pick the book up. The darkness of it takes the cake for me and the humor injected is witty. Coraline is fascinating and the 'darkness' of this material just keeps on getting better as you get deeper and deeper into the story.<br /><br />A must read! Coraline is a hauntingly beautiful book that one can read and re read over. The pictures from the motion picture are definitely a bonus! This is the best nightmare-fairytale!
B0014DBZY2|5.0|It is probably best described as a wonderful combination of intricate proggy arrangements and harmonies, punk energy, dancey grooves, and Radioheadish aesthetic.     I just recently discovered this band in a time when I was not finding much good new music, and I instantly fell in love with it. This album is great and the band really does something different that is approachable and deep at the same time.     The album really picks up starting on the third song, so don't judge based on the first two. Sampling tips are \\"Red Socks Pugie\\", \\"Olympic Airways\\", \\"Tron\\".    Also, if possible, get the version with the two bonus tracks. They're very good and most certainly not just filler.
B001TOD9VI|5.0|Robin, or Randy \\"The Ram\\" Robinson (Mickey Rourke) was, at least back in the 1980s, a very big deal and a major wrestling superstar.  Many years later and the Ram is way past his prime, but he still wrestles at gyms and high schools on weekends in and around Elizabeth, New Jersey.  During the days he works packing boxes at a supermarket and at night he goes to a local strip club and fixates on Pam (Marisa Tomei), who herself is a bit past her prime.  Randy has trouble paying his rent and seems dependent on painkillers.  Soon, in a match that is very difficult to watch and makes it quite clear the genuine sacrifice this kind of entertainment requires, Randy suffers a heart attack.  From there he begins to reassess his life overall because he cannot live and wrestle anymore.<br /><br />There was only a short window of time where I actually watched professional wrestling as a guilty pleasure.  Something along the lines of watching really bad movies but still finding some kind of appeal.  I was a huge wrestling fan as a child, so nostalgia certainly played a part.  I know enough about wrestling to know that guys like the Ram are probably very real. However, I mention these points to stress that I don't think I needed to ever be a fan of wrestling to enjoy this movie. It is just the backdrop of a compelling tragedy and charming bittersweet character.<br /><br />Darren Aronofsky ([[ASIN:078401213X Pi]], [[ASIN:B00005Q4CS Requiem for a Dream]], [[ASIN:B00005JPAR The Fountain]]) is an outstanding director and was probably robbed of a best director nomination, but I need to see all of the other films before I stand by that.  His films are all so different and The Wrestler is the ultimate example of a man making a film on his own terms, no matter the cost.  The film received two Oscar nominations for both Rourke's performance as well as Tomei's.  I'm not so sure Tomei's role necessarily lends itself to an award worthy performance but she is very strong. I think her considerable onscreen nudity and courage brought more attention to the part.  Evan Rachel Wood on the other hand, who plays the Ram's estranged daughter, was actually a standout.  She is on the verge of big time stardom if she decides she wants it.  The massive critical support for Rourke's performance is absolutely justified.  The combination of his work and Aronofsky's direction made Randy the Ram a strangely beautiful and tragic wounded animal.  Being a fan of Rourke to begin with helped and I cannot remember a better casting choice in many years.  He makes a flawed character extremely hard not to root for in the face of the demons he has created.  I found myself rooting for him again this Oscar season.<br /><br />2008 had been a year with many great films that were hard to compare to one another because they had been so dramatically different.  [[ASIN:B001GZ6QC4 The Dark Knight]] was an action blockbuster and a psychological thriller for the ages, while [[ASIN:B001P9KR94 Slumdog Millionaire]] was original and inspirational, and [[ASIN:B001FB55KI Milk ]] was one of the best biopics we have seen in a very long time.  But the film that moved me most for 2008 was about a beat-up piece of meat from New Jersey just trying to find some level of meaning in the twilight of his life. A film that both solidifies the genius of Aronofsky and gives Mickey Rourke the performance of his career.  A very high recommendation indeed.dity and courage brought more attention to the part.  Evan Rachel Wood on the other hand, who plays the Ram's estranged daughter, was actually a standout.  She is on the verge of big time stardom if she decides she wants it.  The massive critical support for Rourke's performance is absolutely justified.  The combination of his work and Aronofsky's direction made Randy the Ram a strangely beautiful and tragic wounded animal.  Being a fan of Rourke to begin with helped and I cannot remember a better casting choice in many years.  He makes a flawed character extremely hard not to root for in the face of the demons he has created.  I found myself rooting for him again this Oscar season.     2008 had been a year with many great films that were hard to compare to one another because they had been so dramatically different.  [[ASIN:B001GZ6QC4 The Dark Knight]] was an action blockbuster and a psychological thriller for the ages, while [[ASIN:B001P9KR94 Slumdog Millionaire]] was original and inspirational, and [[ASIN:B001FB55KI Milk ]] was one of the best biopics we have seen in a very long time.  But the film that moved me most for 2008 was about a beat-up piece of meat from New Jersey just trying to find some level of meaning in the twilight of his life. A film that both solidifies the genius of Aronofsky and gives Mickey Rourke the performance of his career.  A very high recommendation indeed.
0810970686|5.0|This book was better than the first two in the series. It was very detail oriented. Can't wait till the next one comes out in this series.
B00127RAJY|5.0|I am not dance friendly & this workout does not have dance moves, AWESOME.  Anyone can do the movements without fear of missing count because there are none other than reps.  I would highly recommend this dvd, especially those like me who have two left feet.  This is exercise that is BACK TO THE BASICS, not fancy, just to the point.
B00127RAJY|5.0|I have been doing this workout for a few months now.  I try to do it 5 times per week.  I love that it works in my schedule so well and I have seen results faster than I did with any other DVD type workout.  I am a mom of two youngsters and I can give up 20 minutes of my time for this and it has been awesome!  I have lost probably about 10 pounds but I know I have lost inches!  I am down two sizes!!!!!!  LOVE IT!
0930289234|5.0|I had this book recommended to me by some friends and family, and I didn't know what to expect.  The book turns out to be much deeper than one might expect a graphic novel or cartoon type genre to allow.  The story develops characters precisely and with enough detail to pull the reader into the story.  The illustrations are amazing, and rich with content.  I had already read the book online, but I enjoyed it so much that I felt the need to purchase a hard copy to own and enjoy as well as reread.
B001JFZ1AE|4.0|When this came out, my parents and I wanted to see what the hoopla over this movie was. We rented at a hotel in Evansville and watched it. The film takes place in 1963 where Enis and Jake are looking for work. At night, they wake up in a tent, and start having passionate sex with each other. When they part ways, they each get married. After four years, they finally meet again and have 'fun' with each other. The movie takes place over a span of 20 years. If you love manly love-stories, you'll love BROKEBACK MOUNTAIN!!!
0517548232|5.0|I never had an economics class in high school, though I know that in other schools it is an elective, if not mandatory.  This was an extra credit reading option for the college economics class I took, and I am so glad I bought it!  It is written in easy-to-read language, and it explains how the world works in economic terms so simply and to the point that I have been having a lot of \\"wow, why didn't I realize this before?\\" moments.  I realize now the importance of learning basic economics as they apply at home and abroad and I am now of the opinion that every high school and college should REQUIRE at least one semester in basic economics, if not an entire year.  So many dumb mistakes are made in the world today purely because the people making them (I suspect) have either forgotten their economics or never took a class.  However, since I am not in a position to mandate economics classes across America (let alone the world), for now I will urge you to buy this book and read it very, Very, VERY carefully!
B0000AYJXR|5.0|This movie holds a special place in my heart! (Good times!) I remember seeing this with my mom and dad when I was 6 years old back in 1996. I always loved the Looney Tunes, and seeing them team up with Michael Jordan was awesome! The Looney Tunes need Michael's help with a basketball game or they will be forced to be the new attractions at Moron Mountain. My favorite part is THE BIG GAME! which would be the last 30 minutes of the movie. I highly recommend SPACE JAM!!!
031606792X|5.0|I loved this book!!  It has a fulfilling ending with the characters however still has the ability to continue down the road with another story.  You care about these characters and what happens to them.  I love how Stephanie brings gut wrenching decisions along with morals and values.
B001DHXT2A|4.0|I remember seeing this on Friday the 13th, and buying it while we were traveling to get my dad signed up for his retirement! This version of The Incredible Hulk is a lot better than the 2003 version. It has more elements to the classic t.v. series! The Hulk looks awesome! The fight that the Hulk has with Abomination is pretty sweet! The 2003 version was a lot more military oriented and had a soap opera element between father and son, but this one is just right. It even has a cameo from Tony Stark! I highly recommend THE INCREDIBLE HULK!!!
0143038419|2.0|Pretty much self indulgent blather.  Upset that the ratings were so high that I bought it!  No one wants to hear that much about HER except HER. I tried to get what I could out of it but there was almost nothing I wasn't already aware of, being touch with myself in the least already. It got the second star for a few parts I was able to get into a little bit, I was desperate to feel like I paid for SOMETHING.    Audiobook note:  I think the audio was recorded in such a way that she's talking very softly or something, it's maddening. I needed to switch to music periodically for reprieve.
B001CC7PP8|4.0|I received Psycho as a Christmas present in 2003! (Good times!) This is a classic about a psychopath named Norman Bates, who talks to himself in his mom's voice and dresses as her. In my opinion, this is one of Alfred Hitchcock's masterpieces! The ultimate scare scene is the shower scene. If you've read my reviews before, you'd know that I love the movie HALLOWEEN. The character of Sam Loomis comes from this movie! If you love classic slashers, you'll love PSYCHO!!!
B001MYIQFE|2.0|I love this album, and wanted to buy the new gold version as soon as it came out. This is, indeed, the best sounding version of this album. Congratulations are in order. Nevertheless, the new Audio Fidelity release has a couple of problems. It doesn't have the segues of the original album, and even though it's encoded in HDCD, sometimes the encoding disappears without warning and you are left with a click (depending on your player). The artwork is horrendous. When you pay $25 or so for an \\"audiophile\\" release, you have to expect perfection everywhere. This release is simply not up to par with the offerings of companies like Mobile Fidelity Sound Labs.
B00005JPUN|3.0|To me, this is a remake to the Invasion of the Body Snatchers from 1956, and NOT to the 1978 version. Although, I haven't seen the original yet, it's probably a good thing so I wouldn't have to compare them. My dad is a fan of the original, and I don't think he liked this version as well. I love that toward the beginning of the movie, it takes place on HALLOWEEN. Nichole Kidman and Daniel Craig did a pretty good job. I'd probably recommend THE INVASION!!!
B0015OKWL2|1.0|The \\"twist\\" is terrible and obvious from the start.  De Niro completely phones it in.  These two actors are unworthy of this crap, or at least they were when they had standards.
B0011HOEYY|2.0|I thought it started off really slow and thought it would never pick up. Finally, later it did. There are some parts that reminded me of 'The Godfather' The parts I liked were when there was gun-fights and some hot nude black girls help with the heroine. I probably wouldn't recommend AMERICAN GANGSTER!!!
B001C3KCSY|1.0|I am so so so sad to hear this album. What a huge disappointment. I LOVED this band and then I heard this album. I cannot understand why anyone would think this album is good. This is the first time I have considered trying to sell back an album. Enough said.
B000089A06|4.0|In case you don't get my review title, I'm counting Hannibal Rising as the very first movie. Red Dragon is a really good prequel to The Silence of the Lambs. It shows how Hannibal got in that room and how he helps Will Graham find The Tooth Fairy. The Tooth Fairy is a psychopath who is obsessed a painting called Red Dragon, and had an abusive grandmother. The Doctor is in, and I highly recommend RED DRAGON!!!
B000002IJL|5.0|This CD was purchased as a gift. The recepient loved it. Thankyou for sending it quickly.
B000AM6OQ2|4.0|John Carpenter directed this scary tale about some ghosts coming back to a town by the sea called Antonio Bay 100 years later. The town are saluting to the 4 founders of the town. Little do they know, the founders are murderers of the ghosts coming back. Carpenter uses a lot of actors from HALLOWEEN such as Jamie Lee Curtis, Nancy Loomis, and Charles Cyphers. Tom Atkins plays Nick Castle. There is a real Nick Castle and he played Michael Myers in the original HALLOWEEN Tom Atkins played in HALLOWEEN III: Season of the Witch. The Fog also has Janet Leigh who was in Hitchcock's classic masterpeice; Psycho If you are a fan of horror, or John Carpenter's movies; you'll love THE FOG!!!
B001P5HI4A|3.0|The DVD's arrived in great condition but I was expecting more bonus features from Barbra.  I didn't like the editors markings throughout the deleted scenes.  It made the DVD look cheap.  Otherwise the quality of the picture itself was fine.
B0013D8LOU|3.0|Because it's a Tim Burton film, you automatically know it's going to be gothic, have Johnny Depp, and wierd Danny Elfman music! It had a good storyline, if they hadn't sung throughout almost the entire movie. Johnny Depp looked awesome as Sweeney Todd. Mrs. Lovett was hot and sexy in a very creepy way. I  do like when Sweeney is singing and he is slicing people's throats in the barber chair. The gore was pretty cool! If you are a goth and like Tim Burton films, you'll probably like SWEENEY TODD: THE DEMON BARBER OF FLEET STREET!!!
B001CTDH4Y|1.0|From the previews we were hoping for something upbeat and maybe even Chi's jumping and singing as warriors or something... It had almost nothing in common with the theatrical trailer.    I didn't watch it with kids, just my Wife and myself (who both love Disney movies!). We had to turn it off about 3/4 through. We just couldn't take it any more. It does not feel like a theatrical Disney flick, and is even subpar to many of Disneys straight to DVD films.    Buyer beware, I'd strongly suggest renting this one first.
B0006A9FKA|5.0|I received this as a Christmas present 5 years ago. This is a really good horror/comedy about a man named Shaun getting dumped by his girlfriend and the next day, all hell breaks loose. Shaun and his friend, Ed try to stop the zombies and try to survive the day. Shaun decides to take his mom, his ex-girlfriend and some friends to shelter at the local pub. The gore scenes are pretty sweet! If you have read my reviews before, you'd know that I love Zombie movies! If you love zombies, comedy, gore, and action, I highly recommend SHAUN OF THE DEAD!!!
B001FB55Y4|5.0|I have no idea why Joel Silver didn't promote the heck out of this film because it is hysterical. Both the subtle and overt humor is played at just the right time and in the right amount in this film. The lighting and scenic design in Johnny Quid's flat is as artistic as the painting he admires so (which we never see).    For a good time, hang out with the RockNRolla
B00000AOUD|1.0|Here we are reading about a great album....Ian' s best Thick as A Brick and I'm listening to Pandora on the internet as it just bumped against it and now it has to play the whole recording....I love it. Rememeber....there are NO BREAKS in this entire piece....so it's going to play all the way....I love it....OK here it is... bought this lucious piece of vinyl at one of those little boutique record stores on the south side of Chicago on 79th & Pulaski in 1972 as am import...does anybody remember IMPORTS....but do you remember this one???? It was very unique. It was actually a newspaper with a big ol' slab of vinyl in the middle of it...and lo & behold it was ....you got it...Tull's  - Thick as A Brick....so being a Tull fan.... we had to check it out....Friday nite....I still remember it...a bit warm (still playing) a little rain....(wasn't this released in the Spring)Perfect for a new Tull....LET's GO! So my buddy Ray and I take off...to his house...put it on the turntable...Dual 1229....lite it up ...and YES! This is great stuff....it's Fun....call the girls...let's party....bring the Boone's Farm....but just get over hear and listen to the new Tull! It's FABULOUS!  iT NEVER STOPS...IT'S JOYOUS...ITS WONDERFUL...ITS UPLIFTING...MAN WHAT A GREAT ALBUM. ( btw: Still Playing) progressive....hard rock or whatever...if you were around in those days it was GREAT FUN! Glad I lived it.
0439023483|5.0|I thoroughly enjoyed this book as an adult reader and I highly recommend it for ages 13 and up, up, up. Collins combines adventure, suspense, innocent but heart-crushing teen-romance all in one. Most importantly, her critical eye on violence balances the actual scenes of violence within the book. I can't wait for Book 2 to come out in September!
0810970686|4.0|Bought this for our 10 yr. old grandson who practically devours this series, as well as shares it with his younger brother. This may not be on the level of the Harry Potter series but it has certainly stimulated their interest in the written word & encouraged them to keep diaries!
B001M2IXEA|4.0|Review of 2009 two disc import version of STORMBRINGER. I purchased this from AMAZON UK which is fast..received within a week!(and less money than Amazon.com too)When the multi tracks were located there was mention on the Deeep Purple Appreciation site of an unreleased version of \\"Soldier of Fortune\\" and Stormbringer's original intro being included however that did not occur. My guess is that because Ritchie oppossed the extra material on \\"Machine Head\\" that this prevented the powers that be from issuing material not on the original albums. (This is my guess only). The \\"remixed\\" songs are primarily the Glenn Hughes songs with \\"You can't do it right\\" being the best one. Lots of synth sounds that were buried before are now very prominent. Lots of background vocals are more audible as well. The sound is great and if you like the album you should buy this version rather than the \\"Friday music\\" version. The \\"Deep Purple Appreciation Society's\\" involvement usually equals a quality product! The packaging is nice with a large booklet featuring unreleased photos. The \\"instrumental\\" Highball Shooter is just the backing track without vocals. Soldier of Fortune remains one of the great Blackmore Coverdale moments. Too bad \\"Gypsy\\" didn't get a remix as that was one of the few Blackmore-esque tracks on this album. I would reccomend this to any serious Purple fan interms of quality and content. I give it 4 stars only because I would have liked the extra material originally mentioned.
0930289234|5.0|I have never touched a comic book, or graphic novel. I bought this because I heard it was heralded as the greatest graphic novel of all time. It was also referenced a few times in \\"The Brief Wondrous Life of Oscar Wao\\" (which I loved), so I got it and figured if it sucked, no big deal.<br /><br />It was great! I enjoyed it throughly. It was difficult to read at first, don;t get me wrong, it took work. But once I started to understand the layouts and get into the story I couldn't put it down.<br /><br />Buy the book, and do so before the movie comes out. I doubt the movie can touch on the complexity of this novel.
B00003JRCQ|4.0|I loved the sets and all the costumes but would have been a little lost if I hadn't  read the book before watching the movie.  There are so many characters in this movie that you might not know who belongs to whom, etc.<br />I thought that the roles were very well cast and especially liked the heroine.  Could have done a little more like the book at the end.
B001ED7C58|5.0|This mix is great! I listen to it in the car, in the gym, even while cooking dinner.  There is a great mix of upbeat songs with slower songs. They all seem to blend nicely with one another though.<br /><br />When the \\"Garden State\\" soundtrack came out it was easily the best compilation CD of the year, this one take the title now for me. The songs are well selected, and even if you arent a fan of Twilight, you will like the CD if you like pop music, or indie music.<br /><br />This is a great gift for teens as well.
0553582038|1.0|I've never given a negative review on this site before, or any review for that matter.  And I absolutely loved the first three books of this series -- I would read them into the early hours of the morning, recommend them to friends who had never read fantasy before, and even went so far as to pay more for the UK edition of A Feast For Crows book because I was so excited to read the latest chapter in my favorite fantasy series.      But A Feast for Crows was an absolute chore to get through.  It's filled with boring characters (Brienne) and reduces other previously interesting characters (Jamie) to one-note caricatures or relegates them to the outer peripherary of the story (Arya, Sansa).  And what happens to Caitlin is frankly just silly -- the ending of the book (AMBIGUOUS SPOILER AHEAD) reads like a bad Tales from the Crypt episode.    Unfortunately I have to agree with the other negative reviewers: this book is an excercise in over-indulgence by Martin, either because he wants to milk the series or because he's written himself into a corner with the narrative.  The worst part is that A Feast for Crows is so bad it makes you wonder if the rest of the series was really as good as you thought it was in the first place.
B0002F6AH0|5.0|Excellent archives of the history of World War II and astonishing film footage. This is a history buff's need to buy for their collection. I also recommend 'Century of warfare' series as well.
0761536434|4.0|While I was never an arcade rat (born in 1981), I can remember playing on an Atari 2800, and the love for console gaming has never ceased.  It had been a goal of mine to finally pick up video games history book, and this is the one I chose.    Before writing this review, I read through a few others to see if anyone shared my views, and they have.  Like other readers suggested, the majority of this book is fantastic and detailed.  It's all you want to know about the rise and fall of Atari, and their interwoven relationships with other gaming companies (i.e. Namco, etc) and prominent figures of today (i.e. Steve Jobs, etc).  Also detailed is Japan's introduction into the American arcade market, most specifically Nintendo.  No detail is left out.  I loved reading about the work atmosphere of early Atari, how they made more money than they knew what to do with in such a short amount of time, and the crucial decisions they made early on to advance the arcade and home video game market.  It's really hard to get a feel on whether Nolan Bushnell was a genius or simply lucky.  Also great were the risks that Nintendo made to break into the American market, along with their determined positioning behind the team of Arakawa and Lincoln.    However, when you get up to around the mid-1990's, the book falters tremendously based on what came before it.  The last decade of video game history up to this book's publishing isn't well represented with the behind-the-scenes info that you've become used to from early in the book.  Like someone else said in their review, it felt rushed, but it also felt as if the author wasn't anywhere near as well versed about recent happenings in the industry.  You'll realize quickly that when you get to the launch of the original Playstation and Saturn, you've only got 2 or 3 chapters to go.    While I wouldn't call this the \\"ultimate\\" history because of the lack of detail in more recent times, it definitely is the ultimate history of video games from their inception up to the 16-bit era.  That's why I still give it 4 stars, because it's really good reading for those interested.
0920668372|1.0|This story is a little odd and disturbing...the thought of the mother coming into the son's room as an adult and \\"holding him\\". It's just awkwardly written. The overall message of never ending love is understood but the author's clumsy and repetitive delivery is unbearable. A better choice: I Love You This Much.
B00000099Y|5.0|Tool is so amazingly deep when you listen to the lyrics, you find yourself daydreaming about what they mean constantly! Their music points so many true values about our human race that many people would never notice otherwise. Ever since I heard \\"Vicarious\\", I have bought all of their CD's and have yet to be disappointed. Their music is so artistic and even the album cover is artistic and gives you that extra reason to buy the hard-copy of the CD!
B001B6EAOY|2.0|seems poorly made and every time i turn on my psp to use card reads as if not there.but it does work
B001BTG3OQ|4.0|Upgraded from the SB600 to this model.  Good decision.  Much more versatile, more power, better light distribution and more natural color.  Also much more intuitive when navigating options, especially when shooting wirelessly.  Only draw back is the unit tends to overheat when shooting at regular intervals of 25 minutes or more.  Even still, glad I made the jump.
B000UBMWG4|5.0|Amazing movie!! One of my favorite sci-fi films of all time and super fast shipping. No complaints here!!!
B00168OINK|5.0|ooo wow, Jack black can do anything. He is absolutely amazing in this. Great story and awesome plot. the action is off the hook awesome, and boy does it look awesome in Blu. That fat Panda kicks butt and earns my respect and he will yours too.
0374531269|5.0|This book really puts other cultures and how they live into prospective.  It can be a little horrific at times, but this stuff really happened.  If you are into other cultures (Anthropology) it's a must have.
B001EOQWF8|4.0|This is a great love story brought to you by Pixar. I am amazed that they still have it. Walle almost brought me to tears, yeah its that good, you will want Walle to succeed trust me. Wow what an amazing looking Blu-ray Pixar is still the best in the business in that regard. So this is a great movie with an awesome story and amazing animation. Go Wall e
0446677450|5.0|After reading this book I starting getting other books by this author.  I love how he writes and it's just a all around good book.
B0013FSL3E|5.0|Movie is really good.  As an adult I do enjoy a Pixar movie from time to time.  Great movie, makes you think about everything you do on a daily basis that is destroying the earth.<br /><br />Go Green!
B00138KGCK|5.0|7 reviews?!?  I'd like to think the lack of reviews for this album merely indicates the difficulty of expressing in words the profound impact of these songs, a task perhaps only fit for the wordsmith Mr. Cohen himself.  This album touches a sensitive nerve with me every time I listen to it, and it's one of the few that can reduce me to tears again and again.  Not only does it strike a chord with me again and again, but it somehow manages to escalate in impact and profundity with each listen as the mysteries contained within reveal themselves gradually. Perhaps not everyone will feel this way, but there's something about Cohen's ability to convey very complex feelings and human conundrums through abstract yet direct poetics, and sparse but exacting musical backing which cuts me to the quick.        While Cohen has had a consistently strong career, always creating excellent material of a standard other artists would be lucky to even come close to, this first album is arguably his strongest.  Each album is strong in its own way, and comparing them misses the point, but this album manages to move me more than any of the others (Songs of Love and Hate and Songs From a Room come close).  This may just be personal bias or preference, this being my introduction to Mr. Cohen, and having heard it at a time and place that left me open to its devastating impact.  But I challenge anyone to listen with an open mind to \\"One of us cannot be wrong\\" and defy them to keep from shivering or all out weeping.  Listen to \\"Sisters of mercy\\" and you can't deny being buoyed by its sense of sensual deification and grace.  Listen to \\"The stranger song\\" and try not to be intrigued by the mysteries like \\"...a highway, curling just like smoke above his shoulder.\\"  I could go on, but again, there's only so much one can say about this incredible album.  It would take the words of Mr. Cohen himself to convey the emotional impact these songs can have on an interested mind and an open heart.    Just aword about the remastered version:  Sound quality is top notch and a marked improvement over the old CD version, with the sparse arrangements coming forward, filling and leaving space perfectly.  The bonus tracks are a very nice addition and a pleasure to hear, though they are somewhat less \\"necessary\\" than any of the original songs.  Either way, a great buy and a very worthwhile replacement of the old columbia CD.
0156030209|1.0|Disappointing.  Most of the other reviewers who characterize it in one-star terms, have described it well, in my view.  It starts to be a novel about an Indian boy whose family migrates to Canada.  He is investigating various religions and his developing adolescent thoughts are fairly engaging.  Close the book there, and you will be satisfied.  The rest is turgid.  You must slog through an allegory where he is marooned in a lifeboat with a tiger being transported to Canada to a zoo.  Sound good?  OK, well read it then.  I thought the whole book was fair, until then.  But once that narrative started...well, it went downhill, and fast.  I could read no more and discarded it.
B001GZ6QEC|5.0|This is one of the first blu-ray titles I've purchased that was produced in the last year. Most movies these days are not worth the price of admission to a movie theater let alone the price of a blu-ray disc. Dark Knight is the exception to both statements. I won't prattle on about plot, story, Ledger, and so forth.    The picture quality here is superb! I didn't see a single film-grain and that has been present in every other blu-ray I've purchased. Hell of a nice change there. The blacks are dark as pitch which overall helps the contrast of color in the movie immensely. The IMAX shots are breath taking. When Batman is in China and does his dive off the sky skraper I was sucked in - exactly what it was supposed to do in the theater but failed on me. One of the biggest perks here - no make up lines on the characters. The director knew this was the time of HD - I challenge anyone to find a flaw in this presentation.     The single downside here is Batman. Christian Baille bale - wahtever - his voice as batman sounds like he just sucked down 3 packs of cigs while having larengitis. He might look like Batman/Bruce of the comics but he sounds like sh... really bad :)    Bottom line - a great movie, great BD transfer, well worth every penny. It's easily demo material
B001F290E4|5.0|I must confess until I order this music by SEAL, I had never listened to him before. Little did I know what I was missing! This is the best! The CD is called (Soul). I keep it in my car, so that when I go somewhere, he is singing just to me~~smile~~you will not be disappointed In This CD.
B001JNNDGA|5.0|Awesome quality and great sound.. loaded with extra features to for those who loved the film this will be a plus. What made this movie great to me was the way the music enhanced the scenes and theres not much to complain about with the 5.1 DTS HD master and lossless audio! im not gonna give this film a review but the product is awesome - Highly recommended!
B001KVZ6FC|5.0|No PC BS here. Great film about humanity. The Academy of Arts and Sciences loved this movie so much that it completely snubbed Clint for this years ID of what the heck's wrong with society. Clint hits it on the nose with his portrayal of a being human, personal rights, and individuality that are so coveted by Americans.  You may be in shock and appalled in the beginning of this film because the progressive indoctrination you got at school has messed up your thought process, but at the end you will end up crying and surprised. The Academy dished out awards to Milk starring the communist Sean Penn in it's never ending attempt at social engineering and their agenda of national perversion, but if your reading this, you're not so stupid as to fall for more of the Academy's propaganda crap. When you see this movie, you will feel validated for your natural feelings unlike movies that try to whitewash sick immoral behavior with their spew.
1433502410|5.0|The ESV study Bible is by far the best study bible that ive ever owned. I have several study bibles. (Spirit filled, John Macarthur, NIV Zondervan study bible, Charles Stanley study bible ect.) Out this of all of them the \\"New Spirit Filled Bible (NKJV)\\" would compete the best with this extraordinary bible. As a student at World Harvest Bible College this bible is the best out there to do go in to a deep undersatnding and revelation of what God wants to tell us through scripture. The bible has great full color maps and illustrations of differnet events that took place like the Tabernacle or the tomb on ressurection day. They also say that the \\"ESV English Standard Version\\" with the exception of the NASB is the closest bible to the greek. It is also has a beautiful apperance i have the imatatio leather and i love it!! The leather feels great with a gorgeos trim of gold around the pages very very attractive. This is a MUST HAVE. If you contemplating on what version or study bible to buy Get this ONE!!!! Its well worth the money!! You fall in love with it!!!!
B000IZJZLM|4.0|Of the 4 CDs and one DVD that I have purchased by il Divo, this is my least favorite.  But that still puts it in a high category because nothing these guys do is bad.
159102594X|4.0|I started reading Joe Abercrombie's debut novel immediately after finishing a very popular old 1970s classic post-Tolkien fantasy that had left me -- quite frankly -- bored. I had the flu, my body ached, and I was feeling sorry for myself. But by the end of the first chapter of The Blade Itself, I was feeling much better. First, Mr. Abercrombie's writing was vivid, tense, action-packed, and droll -- just the way I like it. Second, I found myself thankful that I was merely bed-ridden with the flu, rather than in the situation that Logen Ninefingers was in.<br /><br />The story is told from several character's points of view -- the bloody barbarian who's lost everything and just wants the fighting to end, the former champion turned crippled torturer who considers himself an artist, the lazy self-absorbed wastrel who wants to be a swordmaster, but didn't realize he had to work for it. I would not like any of these people if I knew them personally, but after being in their heads, learning their fears, histories, and motivations, and even sharing a few enlightening moments with them, I realized that I actually care what happens to them!<br /><br />Mr. Abercrombie unfolded his story gradually -- the reader is not told everything at once or given pages of backstory and explanation of this world's history, culture, and geography. The plot just keeps moving and the reader picks up the details as he goes along. For example, we meet the Shanka on the first page of the novel, but we don't find out what they really are until page 435. There's plenty more we're not told, even by the end of the book. This mostly works because it keeps the the pace quick and leaves a little mystery, but I wanted a map ... I really wanted a map ... I can not remember what's south of where, which lands are part of the Union, etc., especially with two books to go, if I don't have a map. And I could not find one on Joe Abercrombie's website. I was disappointed with this. I need a map.<br /><br />There was plenty of action in The Blade Itself. All of it was realistic, most of it was scary, and some of it was downright hilarious. Frequent doses of droll humor was a nice counterpoint to all of the violence. A few scenes read like a Monty Python skit and I found myself laughing often. For the most part, the writing was excellent. Tone changed between characters' point of view, and the use of characters' internal thoughts was effective. More than a few times, however, I was confused about the object of a pronoun and that should have been caught by the editor. Also, the profanity was a little excessive.<br /><br />This book does not stand alone. The ending is not exactly a cliff-hanger, but it's not an ending. I'm glad I've already purchased Before They Are Hanged and I hope it's just as refreshing and fun as The Blade Itself.The Blade Itself. All of it was realistic, most of it was scary, and some of it was downright hilarious. Frequent doses of droll humor was a nice counterpoint to all of the violence. A few scenes read like a Monty Python skit and I found myself laughing often. For the most part, the writing was excellent. Tone changed between characters' point of view, and the use of characters' internal thoughts was effective. More than a few times, however, I was confused about the object of a pronoun and that should have been caught by the editor. Also, the profanity was a little excessive.    This book does not stand alone. The ending is not exactly a cliff-hanger, but it's not an ending. I'm glad I've already purchased Before They Are Hanged and I hope it's just as refreshing and fun as The Blade Itself.
B0015FML06|5.0|What can I say? It's U2 the greatest band of all time! Of course I was familiar with the music, what I really wanted was the DVD of the concert at Red Rocks, probably their most historical and right here in my hometown of Denver, CO! The concert was amazing from start to finish, they performed in freezing temperatures and rain, Bono sleeveless and the only indication was that you can see their breath!Total energy and even an encore when most groups would've said enough with the cold! It's a must have for the serious U2 collector!
B0013FNC38|5.0|We Sing, We Dance, We Steal Things by Jason Mraz sells well nearly a year after its release--and deservedly so! Jason Mraz gives his fans quite a bit of music here; and the melodies are very well done. Jason's voice never sounded better and this album proves he's easily at the top of his game! The quality of the sound is excellent and that artwork is very good.<br /><br />\\"Make It Mine\\" starts the CD with an upbeat sounding pop tune that features Jason right up front and center--great! Jason's voice just plain sounds good and it also has just a slight touch of vulnerability to it that makes him even more endearing to fans. Jason seems very \\"real\\" when he sings; he certainly doesn't try to hide his feelings! \\"I'm Yours\\" has a fine musical arrangement and Jason sings this like the champ that he is and always will be! This IS raw emotion as Jason sings of the happiness people feel when they get together with someone special to them. We then get a sublime duet by Jason Mraz & Colbie Caillat; together they sing \\"Lucky.\\" \\"Lucky\\" gets a very sensitive treatment as Jason and Colbie wear their hearts on their sleeves. Some people may say that some of these songs are too mellow for them but I think \\"Lucky\\" is a beautiful song.<br /><br />\\"Live High\\" charms me with its fine arrangement; and Jason never sings a superfluous note! He delivers this ballad with heart, soul and all his might. \\"Live High\\" is easily a major highlight of this album and I think you'll like it. \\"Love For A Child\\" is yet another pensive, thoughtful ballad about how a divorce can affect children. Nevertheless, \\"Love For A Child\\" actually sounds sweet and there are some key modulations that really blow my mind!<br /><br />\\"Details In The Fabric\\" is a pretty stripped down number that features James Morrison; and together Jason and James make \\"Details In The Fabric\\" another highlight of this album. I really like \\"Details In The Fabric.\\" Listen also for \\"Coyotes\\" which works even though the style of this ballad is somewhat more complex than most if not all of the other tracks on this CD. The backup chorus works well for \\"Coyotes,\\" too.<br /><br />\\"The Dynamo Of Volition\\" showcases Jason Mraz's ability to effortlessly handle complicated tempo and key changes as he raps his way through this number; and I really like \\"If It Kills Me.\\" \\"If It Kills Me\\" has an excellent musical arrangement and Jason sings this passionately. Indeed, Jason sings this so passionately that I can truly picture him standing there in front of the woman he loves singing this song to her from the bottom of his heart.<br /><br />The CD ends strong with Jason Mraz performing \\"A Beautiful Mess.\\" \\"A Beautiful Mess\\" is actually a very pretty tune and Jason sings this well. I disagree with Amazon's note that his lyrics are clumsy--I think Jason handles this tune quite well and it makes a fine ending for this album.<br /><br />I believe that we can expect many more great songs from Jason Mraz in the years to come. Jason's talent is a rare one and we are all better off for his sharing his giftedness with us. I highly recommend this album for Jason's fans and people just discovering Jason Mraz would do well to start with this magnificent pop album.lex than most if not all of the other tracks on this CD. The backup chorus works well for \\"Coyotes,\\" too.     \\"The Dynamo Of Volition\\" showcases Jason Mraz's ability to effortlessly handle complicated tempo and key changes as he raps his way through this number; and I really like \\"If It Kills Me.\\" \\"If It Kills Me\\" has an excellent musical arrangement and Jason sings this passionately. Indeed, Jason sings this so passionately that I can truly picture him standing there in front of the woman he loves singing this song to her from the bottom of his heart.    The CD ends strong with Jason Mraz performing \\"A Beautiful Mess.\\" \\"A Beautiful Mess\\" is actually a very pretty tune and Jason sings this well. I disagree with Amazon's note that his lyrics are clumsy--I think Jason handles this tune quite well and it makes a fine ending for this album.    I believe that we can expect many more great songs from Jason Mraz in the years to come. Jason's talent is a rare one and we are all better off for his sharing his giftedness with us. I highly recommend this album for Jason's fans and people just discovering Jason Mraz would do well to start with this magnificent pop album.
B00005Q45W|5.0|I love this album, I bought it second time.  I need 2 CD to use in the car, at home, and I have it in my computer too. I simply love Cohen and this album is one of my favorites. I need to listen to, weekly at least.
0671004107|4.0|I saw the movie first, which made the book a lot easier to visualize. Although, I would say the movie was better altogether than the book. The book seems a little too drawn out, especially in the end. At times, Sagan seems to drift off and get lost in some minute detail, and he'll spend an entire chapter on it. This may just seem like this to me since I saw the movie first, and it's relatively fast paced.<br />  Another thing I think the book lacked that the movie had, was the relationship developed between Ellie and Palmer. In the movie, they develope this love-hate relationship with each other, and in the end I thought they both learned a lot about each other through that. In the book this is almost completely nonexistant.<br />  Other than those little things, this book is awesome. It held my attention every time I picked it up. One good thing about reading the book after watching the movie is that you have a picture in your mind of Ellie going through wormholes and the magnificence of the machine itself. Then when you come across these scenes in the book, it's easier for me at least to understand and picture what's going on. Great book. The best depiction of First Contact ever!
0670020478|5.0|I first saw Ken Robinson on a youtube video clip, and I just had to read this book.  The book goes more indepth about the need to find your element and work with what you know.  Robinson expands upon Howard Gardner's work with multiple intelligences, but he makes the concept of MI much easier to understand.  More importantly, he emphasizes the fact that we SHOULD NOT be fitting everyone, especially our youth, into a one-size-fits-all box.  This is an absolutely wonderful book!  Also, although he doesn't even talk about homeschooling in this book, I think this is a definite MUST READ for homeschoolers or anyone thinking of homeschooling.  Personally, I think it would benefit anyone who has anything to do with teaching.  I cannot say enough good things about this book.
0307346617|5.0|I thoroughly enjoyed this zombie read and found it hard to put down.  It was very well written and very imaginative.
1401322336|5.0|I first became aware of Jamie Oliver from a Saturday morning show on the FoodNetwork called Jamie at Home.  When I bought this cook book, it instantly became my all time favorite.  This cook book is one that you can easily read from cover to cover.  It isn't just a collection of recipes but a cooking guide with descriptions of what to look for when you buy ingredients and kitchen tools.  Plus it has a great sense of humor built into it.  I can't rave enough about it.
1595141979|5.0|...so I have tried to read a couple of series to put a stop to my twilight craziness/yearning and I finally found one! Vampire Academy is a great series, and the 3rd book is the best out of the three. I can't wait for the 4th and 5th to come out. what a great storyline, I can really see this book being made into a good movie(s) with sequels; the plot and characters are interesting and innovative. Reminds me of buffy the vampire slayer a bit, a show i loved it's first season. twilight fans-start reading this series!
B001EO748M|1.0|Be aware that while this product is advertised as having closed-captions for the hearing impaired, it fails to include subtitles.    High-definition inputs do not carry the closed-caption channel.  Without subtitles, the hard of hearing will either need to view this product over lower-quality analog inputs, or muddle through sans captions.    As for me, my copy is going back.
0312360266|2.0|So I absolutely fell in love with the Twilight Saga. After finishing the last book, I needed something else to keep my mind from thinking about Twilight. I came across this series. This book was so boring and poorly written. None of the characters are charming and the plot is so lame, I kept waiting for something to happen and then realized, wait its never going to happen. The only reason I gave it 2 stars instead of 1, is because the very last 2 pages made me wonder what was going to happen in the next book. If you are a twilight fan looking for a rebound this is not the book. There is no romance, chemistry, or even vampire stuff (These characters seem more like witches than vampires). I appreciate Stephenie Meyer and Twilight Saga even more now after reading this. I am also not a teen anymore, however enjoy some young adult books, so perhaps this was just too corny of a young adult book for me.
B001NFNFIK|4.0|This is the second film adaptation of one of James Lee Burke's Dave Robicheaux series, the first being \\"Heaven's Prisoners\\" with Alec Baldwin horribly miscast as Robicheaux.<br /><br />In this film, Tommy Lee Jones is perfectly cast as Robicheaux, capturing all the nuance of the literary character: the alcoholic obsessions, the need to impose justice, his essential toughness and goodness.<br /><br />This is a pretty faithful adaptation of the novel, and captures the flavor of the books, as well as the Louisiana settings. In all honesty, this was almost exactly how I'd pictured it from reading the books.<br /><br />But a caveat: if you haven't read the books, you're probably not going to enjoy this movie, which is probably why in the USA it was released directly to DVD. Burke's novels are very introspective, which makes for interesting literature, but slow movies. There's plenty of drama, with several murders, corruption, and depravity to spare. But the books - and this movie - are at their hearts character studies of the Robicheaux character. This is more akin to \\"Smilla's Sense of Snow\\" than \\"Dirty Harry\\".<br /><br />I loved it; your mileage may vary.
B000W7JWUA|5.0|This is a great family game.  We all like it; especially our kids who are 8 and 10.  There are a lot of rules to learn up front, but then it involves a lot of strategy and fun.  I enjoy it much more than Monopoly.  The frame of the board that gets puzzled together does not lock into place securely which is why I took away the stars for durability.
B000TGJ8AS|5.0|Without Mark Harmon NCIS would be just another crime show.  It's a well paced show with a great cast, maybe one too many?  Love \\"Ducky\\", Abby and McGee.  Such a great show, it's amazing how quick the seasons have flown by.  NCIS rocks!!!
B001LRJH0K|4.0|AWESOME!!! Ed Harris and Viggo Mortensen do an incredible job depicting the relationship between men and women in the young west. Great story.
0553385445|5.0|He is so narcissistic that he is hilarious but I didn't get burned by him.  It is also a cautionary tale for people to read.
B0002XH9Z4|4.0|as an itunes/ipod person i like to be able to organize. why are 4 discs in one set labeled differently? the album titles differ enough that i couldn't put the music in chronological order.  other than that, the purchase was well worth the price.
B001CD6MA6|5.0|When Speed Racer came out, I never saw it in theaters but when the DVD came out, I had to get it. I asked my mom if she would pick it up for me while she was at Wal-Mart. I only got to the part where Speed meets Racer X. Now that I actually own the film, I'm actually thinking of getting either the Mach 5 or 6. Even though the cars were hand-made, the tracks were too. It took a long time to film. Alot of effort and time went into making this movie so if you happen to own it and haven't watched it in a while or want to purchase this movie, think of all the time it took to make this amazing flix. So I recomend it. 10/10 A+.
B000VBP382|5.0|This set consists of:    1 Widescreen version DVD    1 Full-screen version DVD    1 Full Soundtrack CD    1 64-Page Production Photo Book (Previously only available in the UK)    Exclusive to this set:    1) The Politics of Dating- find out the differences between modern dating and dating in Austen's time through delightful interviews and film footage.    2) Galleries of the 19th Century-Interactive photo galleries    3) The Stately Homes of P&P-Explore the film's beautiful homes and locations thru this interactive map.    4) P&P Family Tree-Discover more about the family links in P&P.    Special Features (also available on the single DVD version)  -Commentary with Director Joe Wright  -Conversations with the cast  -Jane Austen-ahead of her time  -A Bennett Family Portrait  -HBO First Look: Pride and Prejudice    I bought the Widescreen DVD and the soundtrack when they first came out but someimtes I wished I had the full-screen version for some of the shots.  The CD was also purchased many times for Christmas gifts and my friends loved it, so this set would be a great gift for a P&P Fan or for yourself.  Personally, this is my favorite film version.  None of the acting is over the top.  Although it is not always accurate it will not dissapoint.  I am very pleased with each actor and how they viewed the character and their portrayl of each role.    If you enjoyed the movie you will love this Collector's Edition!
B000UBMWG4|5.0|FYI, I received a copy of this DVD with Disk 1 incorrectly identified as the Final Cut. In actuality the disk features the Workprint edition (which already is on Disk 5).  You can identify this error by either noting it in the special features menu where Ridley Scott introduces it as the Workprint edition, or in the opening credits where the movie starts in bold red as Blade Runner and provides a dictionary definition of replicant (no screen credits are shown).      Warner Brothers is aware of this.  I contacted them directly at their service hotline at: 1-800-553-6937, and they replaced the disk for free.    This DVD is a great value and well worth watching especially the commentaries where cast and director offer their opinions on whether Deckard is a replicant or not.  The 1982 version with voice over still is the best and consistent with the film noir aspect of the movie.
B00127RAJY|4.0|So far I'm on day 4 of this video and I am feeling a difference each day.  I am not giving this 5 stars because it hasn't been 30 days yet for me to notice a difference. I will write back after at least 30 days and give an update.    I like this workout because it is hard, yet is very easy to do in the comforts of home.  There are no excuses.
B000M5AJQI|5.0|This is the movie that Gangs of new york was trying to be... a great crime drama
B000FZETKC|5.0|I remember this movie from when I was a teenager. It was as great now as it was back then. I have already watched it twice. I loved the special features and am glad that I made this purchase. I would definitely recommend this movie.
075640407X|4.0|To say that The Name of the Wind is clichd is a bit of an understatement; it's the very thing parodied to great effect in Peter David's Sir Apropos of Nothing. The novel's supporting cast consists merely of fantasy stereotypes, the situations are rote pulp, and the plot is entirely predictable. Most galling is the portrayal of the Mary-Sue protagonist, Kvothe, who is not only the world's greatest musician, but also the strongest warrior, most elusive trickster, most brilliant scholar, most powerful magician, and most heroic do-gooder. And that's while he's still in his teens.    That doesn't explain why I stayed up far too late last Sunday, turning pages with tremendous anticipation, hanging on the author's every word. Somehow, Patrick Rothfuss has managed to create a gripping yarn from common elements, and, despite my cynicism, I was enthralled. I can't explain why or how, but Rothfuss succeeds where so many have failed.
B000FZETIO|5.0|Another great movie with Molly Ringwald. I remember this from when I was a teenager and it was still a wonderful movie. I loved the special features! Great movie...I would definitely recommend buying this movie if you are a fan of classic 80's movies.
B000TGJ8AS|5.0|Yeah I love NCIS so to get all the seasons was a worthy investment!! GGGGGRRR to Michael Wheatherly and who doesn't love Abby. go goth!!
0451529308|3.0|I am absolutely torn as to how to rate this book.<br /><br />On one part, I feel awful about giving it a BAD rating, because it is a classic novel with an impeccably clean story.<br /><br />On the other hand, I can't bring myself to give it a GOOD rating, because the whole thing read like a Puritanical rant.<br /><br />Therefore, I think I will go with a 2.5 out of 5 star rating.<br /><br />I feel that Ms. Alcott said it best in the following quote: \\"'You said, mother, that criticism would help me; but how can it, when it's so contradictory that I don't know whether I've written a promising book or broken all the Ten Commandments?...This man says, \\"An exquisite book, full of truth, beauty, and earnestness; all is sweet, pure, and healthy\\"...The next, \\"The theory of the book is bad, full of morbid fantasies, spiritualistic ideas, and unnatural characters.\\"'\\"<br /><br />As this quote was found in Part 2 of the book, which was written some years after Part 1 was published, I can only assume that the quote itself reflects real criticism that Ms. Alcott received for Part 1 of Little Women and reiterate that \\"I couldn't have said it better myself.\\"<br /><br />Of course, all of this is coming from one who is long past childhood and young adulthood and therefore somewhat jaded in both spiritual and relationship matters, and as this book is basically the epitome of happy endings and moral tirades, I just could not bring myself to enjoy it as much as I may have 10-15 years ago.
0743298039|5.0|In The Thirteenth Tale, Diane Setterfield weaves a brilliant plot of love and loss. Her portrayal of the many facets of sibling love is mesmerizing. I would highly recommend this story to anyone who appreciates a well written story.
B001GQO50I|4.0|\\"Live at the Matrix\\" allows listeners to hear The Doors at an earlier time (March 1967) than the years spanned by their other live CDs (save the Columbia demo tapes of 1965).  Within a smaller venue -- a San Francisco club -- they play 14 songs that were on their breathtaking first two albums.  I do not wish to engage in this comment board's debates on copyright ownership and deficient sound.  I also note that one of the less-discussed topics on this board is the more subdued nature of some songs on this CD.  In my rating, I subtract a star for that and the deficient sound quality.  But mainly, I value this CD as a best-you-can-get recording of The Doors before they became famous and as a place to find songs they rarely played in concert.      In the Doors' other live performances, certain songs tended to consistently dominate.  Have we not heard the \\"Backdoor Man\\"/\\"Alabama Song\\"/\\"Five to One\\" Medley often enough?  And ditto \\"The End\\" and \\"When the Music's Over\\"?  It seems that after they became big the Doors rarely performed \\"Twentieth Century Fox,\\" \\"Summer's Almost Gone,\\" \\"Unhappy Girl,\\" \\"People Are Strange,\\" \\"My Eyes Have Seen You,\\" and \\"I Can't See Your Face in My Mind,\\" to which listeners are given a rare audience here.  The reason was probably that they were not that effective in larger venues.  The Doors did not play \\"Take It As It Comes\\" or \\"Strange Days\\" either; note that these are two songs are unfortunately not in this set.  As for \\"Summer's Almost Gone,\\" bear witness in March 1967 that it was not a pop song written when the group allegedly became more commercial with \\"Waiting for the Sun.\\"  Like \\"Hello I Love You,\\" not performed here, it stemmed from Jim's early days on Venice Beach.  Both were on the 1965 Columbia demo tapes    There is some really good stuff here.  The Bach-like organ solo on \\"The Crystal Ship\\" is one of the most beautiful things I have ever heard, even more beautiful than the piano on the studio cut.  And to hear a speedy version of \\"I Can't See Your Face in My Mind\\"!  The group actually sounds very mature as they dish out this hard-driven version that has a hint of LA theater and lounge music, sort of an inversion of Morrison Hotel's \\"The Spy.\\"  Further, check out that expanded minor organ intro in \\"Unhappy Girl.\\"  Finally, \\"Light My Fire\\" sounds more like the studio cut (always better than live versions) than any other version I know.  In some of The Doors' live performances of this classic, Ray's organ/keyboards have a drier, sometimes fuzzy and off-key sound, but here the sound is clean and streaming.  Add to all this several covers of well-known rockers and you get a CD worth having.
B0017ZB8M6|4.0|The album is nicely put together with not many bad songs. Great to listen with your girlfriend if you are trying to make a point. :)
B0007OY2MG|5.0|Anyway you can purchase the Gilmore Girls 7 seasons you should!  They are a must have!
0930289234|4.0|Not what I was expecting(more like a real book) to be but enjoyed it anyways. Bought it so that I could become familiar with charecters before I saw the movie.
B000N6TYLW|5.0|Anyway you can purchase the Gilmore Girls 7 seasons you should!  They are a must have!
B00003CXXP|3.0|The Blue Fairy - to make him a real boy  The Carnival  etc    Watch Pinochico 1st then this flic
B0002Y4TOM|5.0|Anyway you can purchase the Gilmore Girls 7 seasons you should!  They are a must have!
B001GKYBXA|4.0|One of the main knocks against Paul's post-Fab career has been, for lack of a better word, his FUSSINESS.  This album ain't fussy -- it's spontaneous, organic, and even a tad unhinged in places.  If that sounds more \\"John\\" than \\"Paul\\", it should, because it is.  This is the sound of McCartney, at long last, loosening up again -- and the results are positively Beatlesque.  Highly recommended!
B000BB1MIC|5.0|Anyway you can purchase the Gilmore Girls 7 seasons you should!  They are a must have!
1433502399|5.0|For those who wish to study the Bible in depth, this is an excellent study Bible to choose.  I am very impressed with the amount of commentary included as well as the footnotes.  This Bible also includes many short articles written about the canonization, cults, etc in the back of the Bible.  There is also a fairly decent concordance included for quick research on various topics.  The color pictures/maps are also an added bonus.  The other unique feature of this Bible is the online access you receive when you buy the Bible.  If you are a teacher/preacher you can organize your notes online drawing out Bible references without having to retype them.  Then when your outline is completed you can print out your work.    The only 2 draw backs to this Bible are its size.  This is definitely NOT a compact Bible.  So if you are looking for something lightweight, do not choose this Bible.  Second, this Bible has very limited space for those who like to write notes in the margins.
B000000WFZ|5.0|THIS IS ENNIO MORRICONE'S GRAND SCORE,BEAUTIFULLY PREFORMED BY LONDON PHIHARMONIC ORCHESTRA,AND BY THE CHOIRS,LONDON VOICES. THEIR ARE THREE GRAND THEME 1. ON EARTH AS IT IS IN HEAVEN,2. VITA NOSTRA 3.RIVER.
B001TOD92C|5.0|I've been a wrestling fan since the '70s and it's one of those things that I have to hide from most people because they think it's a joke or they just don't understand what it's appeal is. Then came along \\"The Wrestler\\" and now my friends are asking me questions and taking interest in \\"the business\\". I saw the movie with some friends and family and we had some very spirited discussions afterward. They couldn't believe that these guys would, for example, mutilate themselves to have blood in matches (a practice called \\"blading\\" that's performed with a small piece of a razor blade), or that years spent in the ring will leave most wrestlers battered and even disabled thanks to the legit wear and tear that wrestling has on the body. Most people assume a wrestling ring is  a trampoline, but it's actually like landing on concrete and over time there's a price to pay for taking bumps on such a hard surface for so many years. \\"The Wrestler\\" reveals all of these issues wrapped up in an enthralling and emotional motion picture you wont soon forget.    Life imitates art on several levels in \\"The Wrestler\\". For example, the movie shows the dark side of steroid abuse that has caused a laundry list of wrestler deaths in just the past 10 years (the pressures of the Monday Night War era claimed the lives of countless wrestlers). Well, during the first backstage wrestling scene, Mickey Rourke's character shakes hands with a wrestler that is huge and jacked to the gills. That wrestler died from heart failure a few weeks before the movie's release. Also, there is a scene where another huge and overly muscular wrestler sells several illegal muscle enhancers to Rourke's character. That wrestler was recently arrested for selling drugs. But the real story here, is how Mickey Rourke's character of Randy the Ram mirrors Mickey's life in many ways. Both are former stars, both have pushed their bodies to the limit in sports (Mickey revealed on the Charlie Rose show that he was forced to quit boxing because one more serious blow could've been it for him) and both want to get back in the spotlight. Thankfully, Mickey has achieved his goal of regaining the spotlight. As for Randy, that's a different story.    Randy the Ram, seems to be based on a combination of former wrestlers Lex Luger and Jake the Snake Roberts. Lex Luger's ailing body and rock bottom financial situation plus Jake's volatile relationship with his daughter were definite inspirations for screenwriter Robert Siegel. Mickey takes the experiences of Lex and Jake, along with his own and shapes a character that he was born to play. The part was originally written for Nicholas Cage, but I can't imagine anyone but Mickey Rourke playing this part. Mickey plays Randy with such heart and soul that he truly makes the audience feel for him. We feel his pain, we relate to his shortcomings and we cheer him on to find love and rebuild the relationship with his daughter. When Randy apologizes to his daughter for being on the road wrestling and not being there for her when she needed him, you feel it.   As a wrestling fan, one of the most powerful scenes takes place at the end when Marisa Tomei's character begs Randy not to wrestle just moments before the start of a match due to his heart condition and Randy tells her that he belongs out there. It's the only place he fits in, it's the only place he feels successful and loved. Randy's music then hits and a man who looked broken down and beaten just a second ago, busts thru that curtain and walks out as a superstar with the crowd eating out of his hand. It's a powerful scene that sums up why so many wrestlers find it so difficult to walk away from the business.    Don't let the fact that \\"The Wrestler\\" takes place in the world of professional wrestling keep you from seeing it. You don't need to be a fan to enjoy this movie. Wrestling is merely the backdrop for the drama taking place on the screen. Everyone puts in amazing performances. Rourke and Tomei deserve their Oscar nominations and Evan Rachel Wood nearly steals the movie. Just keep this in mind while watching it. Don't get too wrapped up in the drama, because after all, it is just a movie. And movies are just fake, scripted entertainment with predetermined outcomes.
1932100660|5.0|Talk about a life changing book! After reading it my wife and I could no longer in good conscience continue to feed ourselves or our family the disease causing diet of western affluence. We decided to quit eating meat and dairy products during the first chapter. It was that convincing. THE CHINA STUDY summarizes nearly 30 years of nutritional research that makes it impossible to ignore the fact that an animal-based diet is the root of America's declining health. It also demonstrates the benefits of a plant-based diet, which can reverse heart disease, stop a lot of cancers in their tracks, and stop later onset diabetes.    If you need to get into a plant-based diet after reading it buy PREVENT AND REVERSE HEART DISEASE by Dr. Caldwell Esselstyn Jr. and THE ENGINE 2 DIET by his son Rip Esselstyn. These two books will give you 275 recipes of delicious and easy-to-prepare low-fat vegan food, so you'll have no excuse but to start eating your way to good health.    Do it for yourself and your family.
015206396X|4.0|I really enjoyed this book a lot.  It kept me interested throughout the entire book.  I am really hoping to see a sequel.  Young or old, this book is a good, fun read!
B00127RAJY|5.0|This is the hardest exercise video I've ever done.  It really makes you feel like your going to throw up or die, but it's worth it.  I am not overweight, but I have already noticed a difference, I'm only on day 4.  Try it!!
630469654X|5.0|Although this is an older movie, it is still a great story with well put together characters. I was little when my parents showed this movie to me and I fell in love with it. It has exciting moments with appropriate music for the scenes, great cast, and unique story. Matthew Broderick is very funny and cute in it too.
B001GKJ2DO|5.0|Best musical in many years.  Story and music test credulity, but so did West Side Story and The Mikado.  Performances are spot on, with average talent in some roles being lifted to very good by enthusiasm and professionalism--Brosnan is best example. The four leading ladies are  breathtaking.  It's not Abba, and not meant to be.  The Abba music is transformed into a different form by its original composers and criticizing it as 'pop' simply misses the point.  It was great music in the 70's (second only to the Beatles, worldwide) and has been re-imagined as great music in this century.
B001EN71DQ|5.0|A lot of people complain about the prequel trilogy, but quite honestly I can't see where they're coming from. The actors chosen nailed their roles perfectly (especially Liam Neeson, who automatically makes anything awesome), camera work and action shots are superbly done and the special effects are exactly what one would expect from Industrial Light & Magic.    Story-wise, we get to see the fall of the Old Republic and the rise of the Galactic Empire due to the machinations of an evil Sith Lord. Equally as important, we see the Clone Wars and the destruction of the Jedi Order, including the fall Anakin Skywalker and his transformation into Darth Vader.    In short, this is the perfect way to see the backstory behind the original trilogy (which I recommend buying along with this set; you get both trilogies, each movie with a bonus disc packed with features, in thinpack box sets for the price of a single trilogy on retail shelves). In my honest opinion, there is no greater science fiction saga ever told than Star Wars, and now the entire story can be viewed, if you so choose to, within a single sitting. Get the box sets, grab some popcorn and enjoy a trip into a galaxy far, far away.
B0016Q2D5M|5.0|I first saw Brendan Fraser's \\"Journey to the Center of the Earth\\", soon after its 2008 release, on a flight to Budapest.  I knew in only a few minutes into this adventure that it is destined for greatness.  I was simply delighted to learn that a 3-D version was to be released as DVD.<br /><br />The 3-D version makes this great flick better!  Everything across the screen literally jumps out at you.  You will want to retrieve you favorite 3-D specs and watch it in a dark room.<br /><br />Fraser, Hutcherson, and Briem give stellar performances with the Weiss, Flackett, and Levin screenplay that follows Jules Vern's original novel.  As the characters progress deep down into the earth we learn applied science while being entertained by science fiction.  We see diamonds galore in volcano tubes, luminescent birds, hungry sea monsters, floating rocks, and even a crazed T-Rex.  3-D adds to this excitement.  (One hopes that these moviemakers will indeed make a sequel- hinted about Atlantis- in the final scene).<br /><br />With no foul, or even curt, language and a short flirtive, but not suggestive, romance this action packed flick is the best movie of 2008.  It is a great date movie and recommended to adventure movie lovers of all ages.
B001EN71DG|5.0|Ah; the classic Star Wars trilogy. What is there to say? These movies launched an entire franchise and, for many fans, a lifestyle. There are people who devote their entire lives to following the franchise in all its forms. And it's easy to see why.    This began the story, with the introduction of protagonist Luke Skywalker, his mentor, the Jedi Knight Obi-Wan Kenobi, and an entire galaxy's worth of a cast, including veteran stage and film actor Peter Cushing and the always-entertaining Harrison Ford.    In the prequel trilogy, the rise of the Galactic Empire is seen. This trilogy, however, focuses on the events of nineteen years later; on the Rebel Alliance and their fight to restore freedom to the galaxy. The end of Darth Vader, formerly known as Anakin Skywalker, is every bit as dramatic as his fall to the Dark Side in the prequel and the closing of the saga is just as entertaining now as it was twenty years ago.    The trilogy has been digitally remastered two or three times at this point, and this includes all of the footage added for the Special Edition rerelease of the films in the mid-90s. From the additional background characters in certain shots to redone sequences to an entirely new musical number in Jabba's Palace, Lucas went all-out to improve the look and feel of these movies, and his efforts were not in vain.    I purchased this and the prequel trilogy in these thinpack box sets. Each movie has with it a second disc that has lots of bonus features. Whether you're like me and like to sit and watch all six in a day-long marathon, or watch one a day to stretch the enjoyment out all week, or just want to pull out a particular favorite to watch once in a while, these sets are perfect. (And you can pick up both for about what you'd pay for a single trilogy in normal-size cases in a retail store.) If you're a Star Wars fan, these sets are the perfect way to treat yourself. (Even if you're not a fan, they make the perfect gift for someone who is.)
B0013E5HEG|4.0|This is a fine lion, better than the Papo equivalent but not as good as a Papo Lioness, which sets my standard for me.  It is nicely detailed, the plastic is nice quality.  The head is sideways and that is fine for looks but maybe a more straight on, though less artistic stance would be better for plastic lion play (stalking, attacking, etc) The eyes and such are all painted on straight.  I think Schleich products are of a pretty consistent quality now-a-days.  I think a Schleich Lion would be better than any brand barring a new Papo.  Make sure you figure out how large it is before ordering through the mail as it is smaller than you might imagine.
B001G0MFOM|5.0|I have seen all 6 seasons of this show and this show is awesome in it's portrayal of the life and loves of the lesbian community, it is so REAL! I commend the writers and producer of this show and the actors and actresses that have played these parts. Being a lesbian myself I relate to all this show portrays. I am saddened that this show is ending. However they should have killed Jenny off at the end of season 5, she is mean and vendictive. I can't stand Jenny, she should have died instead of Dana, Out of the whole cast my favorites are Shane,Bette, Alice, and Carmen. I have the first 5 seasons and I plan to order the 6th when it comes out. I will watch these over and over again, I LOVE IT.
B0014YPEI4|5.0|This is a wonderful dinosaur.  The jaw is hinged and you wouldn't know it to look at it.  The paint job and the texture of the skin is superb.  The only trouble a younger child may have with it is standing it up on two legs.  It is fine enough to be a gift for the 50 year old child who still loves plastic animals.  An artist friend of mine thinks the tails are too short, but I'm not that picky.
0670020478|1.0|I stopped reading it.  It's just saying the same things over and over.  It was a \\"recommended\\" book when I purchased another book.
B001CTDH4Y|2.0|I must have no life thinking I would be entertained by dogs being coaxed, prodded and fed off screen to run, sit or perform some unnatural pose long enough for a camera to capture the event. Then add lots of editing & splicing to make something that makes a little continuity/plot sense. Finally add some really dumb human clothes to the poor critters and lots of CG doggy mouth movements and I'm realizing it's time to call my therapist. On a positive note: the rat and iguana were really well done (must have been created by a different studio).
B001NFNFNU|5.0|The police finding the wrong boy and insists that it is someone's son...mistakes like this don't happen, do they? Well, apparently they did in Los Angeles back in 1928 and this fact is actually very disquieting. \\"Changeling\\" is a film based on the experiences of a woman named Christine Collins and on the murders of a small town outside L.A. called \\"Wineville\\". Co-produced by Clint Eastwood and written by one of my favorite writers, J. Michael Straczynski (Babylon 5, Midnight Nation, Thor), the film is a powerful piece of filmmaking. I've always had a fondness for Eastwood films and this film further cements the reasons why.<br /><br />Los Angeles, 1928. When single mother Christine Collins (Angelina Jolie) comes home from work, she finds that her son, Walter (Gatlin Griffith) has vanished without a trace. Five months later, the LAPD reunite mother and son; but the problem is, the boy is not her son. Her pleas are ignored by Capt. J.J. Jones (Jeffrey Donovan, Burn Notice) and dismissed as a mother's unreasonable ravings. Driven by one woman's relentless quest for the truth, and aided by Rev. Briegleb (John Malcovich), the case exposes a world of corruption, captivates the public and changes Los Angeles forever.<br /><br />The questions you have to ask yourself when you see the first half of the film is why is this boy claiming to be Walter Collins? There is no doubt that Christine is of sound mind and no one would know her son better than a mother would. While the film's main premise is simple, it manages to stick to its high points and manages to grip the audience through emotion. This film would be more appreciated by mothers, as it does tackle one woman's stand against the injustice being done her. The screenplay also manages to pull a few surprises, as the subplot with another boy who is an illegal immigrant from Canada gives doses of dark, very disturbingly real undertones. The movie is divided into two parts in three acts, the experiences of Christine Collins and the investigations of the Wineville murders. (this small town had changed its name after this incident) The second half nicely blends in with the film's overall premise which is blackmail, corruption, and the abuse by authority figures.<br /><br />I've read somewhere that a melodrama is a film that revolves around its characters and I believe this strongly. \\"Changeling\\" is a melodrama, of this there is no doubt and much of the film's burden falls on Angelina Jolie. Jolie gives a very superb performance, she isn't loud or overly dramatic, she performs with such emotional finesse that when you look into her eyes, you can feel her pain. She rightfully deserved to be nominated for this film. John Malcovich exudes that familiar character and intensity--he seems obnoxious at times but his character overflows with righteousness. Malcovich was very strong and firm in his performance. Jeffrey Donovan plays the cop who is the root of Collins' troubles, Capt. Jones represents the arrogance and responsibilities of this corrupt police force. However, there is one conscientious cop in the persona of Detective Ybarra who is played by Michael Kelly. Despite his limited screen time, Kelly's character was in a good number of key moments in the film; for example, the interrogation scene between Kelly and amazingly good young actor Eddie Alderson is one of the film`s key dramatic moments. As soon as you think the film is done with its surprises, Jason Butler Harner threatened to steal the show as one of the most disquietingly creepy performances since Hannibal Lecter.<br /><br />Acting aside, which proved to be the film's greatest strength, the film's cinematography is also definitely noteworthy. One could easily ignore the scenery amid all the tearful moments and hysterics thrown into the screenplay, but the period costumes, set designs, and camerawork do deserve some credit. Eastwood keeps the camerawork tight and precise, but he manages to make use of the widescreen frame to fully utilize each scenario to convey the actual mood by using close ups, simple camera pans and perspective. Eastwood and Jolie work real well together, after all, Jolie is such a beauteous actress to shoot in close ups. Jolie looks great and she felt very comfortable with her role, unquestionably one of her best performances.<br /><br />The only fault that I could find in the film is that the courtroom and trial sequences felt a little rushed, that I thought that they could have been better, but I thought that maybe it was a way to maintain focus on Christine Collins and its tone. The emotional high points do reach an all time high in a number of key scenes, (especially the scenes in the final moments of the 2nd act) and the resolutions and expositions in the last act may also prove a little too overlong to some.<br /><br />Eastwood's films are never visually flashy, he keeps them straight-forward to emulate reality by avoiding elaborate camera trickery. In sticking to his old-school mechanics, Eastwood manages to  maintain the focus on his characters. Clint Eastwood is among my favorite directors and working with Straczynski, they have presented a gut-wrenching, gripping, experience that can be compared to \\"L.A. Confidential\\". Eastwood fulfills his promise as a filmmaker with grace and finesse; too bad he is still a little underappreciated. This should change.<br /><br />Highly Recommended! [4  Stars]<br /><br />Video/Audio: 2.40 ratio anamorphic widescreen. Beautiful transfer mastered in high definition. This is one of the few releases that haven't suffered from the marketing ploy to make dvd look bad to favor the Blu-ray push. Colors are accurate with strong black levels, clean and vibrant transfer and looks awesome when up-converted to 1080p. The 5.1 Dolby Digital track sounds clear and powerful enough for this type of film.<br />Extras: Making of feature and a Profile on the lead actress/character. Pretty bare bones release.onvey the actual mood by using close ups, simple camera pans and perspective. Eastwood and Jolie work real well together, after all, Jolie is such a beauteous actress to shoot in close ups. Jolie looks great and she felt very comfortable with her role, unquestionably one of her best performances.    The only fault that I could find in the film is that the courtroom and trial sequences felt a little rushed, that I thought that they could have been better, but I thought that maybe it was a way to maintain focus on Christine Collins and its tone. The emotional high points do reach an all time high in a number of key scenes, (especially the scenes in the final moments of the 2nd act) and the resolutions and expositions in the last act may also prove a little too overlong to some.     Eastwood's films are never visually flashy, he keeps them straight-forward to emulate reality by avoiding elaborate camera trickery. In sticking to his old-school mechanics, Eastwood manages to  maintain the focus on his characters. Clint Eastwood is among my favorite directors and working with Straczynski, they have presented a gut-wrenching, gripping, experience that can be compared to \\"L.A. Confidential\\". Eastwood fulfills his promise as a filmmaker with grace and finesse; too bad he is still a little underappreciated. This should change.    Highly Recommended! [4  Stars]     Video/Audio: 2.40 ratio anamorphic widescreen. Beautiful transfer mastered in high definition. This is one of the few releases that haven't suffered from the marketing ploy to make dvd look bad to favor the Blu-ray push. Colors are accurate with strong black levels, clean and vibrant transfer and looks awesome when up-converted to 1080p. The 5.1 Dolby Digital track sounds clear and powerful enough for this type of film.  Extras: Making of feature and a Profile on the lead actress/character. Pretty bare bones release.
B0015ABRE2|4.0|I've never been the one to get into \\"addictive\\" TV shows like 24 and Lost, but I got thrown into the Dexter craze ever since I watched season 1 on DVD. The first two seasons were great, and I was waiting for Dexter to team up with someone, which finally is the case in the 3rd season.     It was a great season with a lot of suspense built up all the way until the final episode of the season, but then it feels extremely rushed. The climax of the story (which I won't spoil for those who haven't seen it) that took 11 episodes to build to is resolved in a matter of two minutes. Frankly it was pretty disappointing. Don't get me wrong, I am a Dexter fanatic and I can't wait to watch season 4 when it comes out, but the writers should have relished the suspense a little longer. Perhaps less Rita love story and more edge-of-your-seat action would have been better.    I would have loved to give 5 stars to the third season of Dexter, but the finale was really poorly written, so I have to give it 4 stars. Despite the episode #12 flop, it's still worth it to see the whole 3rd season. I can't wait for season 4!
B000SUKPKM|1.0|all these songs suck & johnny reznicks or whatever he wants to call himself makes me want to puke. one of the worst bands ever
0307346617|5.0|Although it is at base a Zombie book, it really shows the collective stupidity of the human animal at it's self centered and often closed minded reactions to world around. This book shows how in all seriousness the world and governments of today would react to sometype of mass fast moving plague, and how the average American would also. This book is extremely entertaining it is not a Zombie book as much as it is a view of the human reaction to a world ending plague. Oh it is well written!
0783229372|5.0|- If All the Guys in the World  - Torpedo Run - Glenn Ford  - Interrupted Melody - Glenn Ford, Eleanor Parker  - S.O.S. Noronha
0061660167|5.0|This is One of the Best Audiobooks That I Have.    The Story of Coraline is Dark, Eerie, Creepy, and Fun all Mixed Together Into One. It's Basically A Dark Twist on ALICE IN WONDERLAND. Niel Gaiman is The Author and Narrator of This Story, His Narration is Absolutly like The Story, It's Dark, Eerie, Creepy, and Fun. One of The Best Stories I Have Heard on Audio and Higly recommend Anyone Who Liked It, Also See The Film, Which is Great Too. There's Great Music By The Gothic Archies at The Begging of Each Disc, and It's Also Dark, Eerie, Creepy, and Fun.    Overall Ratings:  Story-5/5  Narration-5/5  Music-5/5
031606792X|5.0|This was a fantastic read.  I could hardly put the book down,and when I did; I was eager to get back to it.  I love Meyer's style and use of language.  The story line really flows.  I am hoping for another sequel.
B0018AVNKC|5.0|One of The Most Magical and Creepy Books Ever Created Is Now A Stop-Motion Animated 3D Adventure About Coraline Jones, An 11-Year-Old Explorer Who Discovers A Little Door In The Pink Palace (The Place She Just Moved In) Where It Leads To Another World, With A Other Father and Other Moter. All Seems Fun Untill She Has To Have Black Buttons Sewed On For Eyes. Now Coraline Must Escape The Other World and Get Back To Her World, While Helping 3 Ghost Children Getting Thier Eyes Back.    The Book The Movie is Based on Is Absolutly Great, and So Dose The Movie. Dokata Fanning (From [[ASIN:B0001AW0AC Dr Seuss the Cat in the Hat (2003) (Full Dol)]]) Was Probably The Only Choice Thay Had and The Best Choice For The Voice of Coraline, and She Did A Great Job at It. All The Other Voice Are Great and Have The Most Great Voices To Make You Belive The Carecters Are Real.    The 3D is Absolutly Brilliant and Belivable, Half The Time You Can't Even Tell You're Watching 3D.    I Do Recommend Parents That Have Children Under 11 See The Film Themselves Before Brining Thier Children Seeing it. Alot of Creepy and Scary Stuff Happens in This Film. There's Moment Were There is A Woman Almost Naked, Coraline Being Attacked and Thretened Most of The Middle of The Film, Among Others, and I'm Surprised The Film Didn't Get A PG-13.    The Film is Directed By Henrey Selick (Director of [[ASIN:B00004RRFC The Nightmare Before Christmas]], and[[ASIN:B00005KA91 Monkeybone]]) and This is Probley His Best Film He's Done Yet. This Film is Highly Recommended, and Should See This Film NOW!    Overall Rating-5/5
0345495004|4.0|[[ASIN:0345495004 Loving Frank: A Novel]]This was a gripping novel about real people and real events.  There were quotes from newspapers of the day that added to the understanding of the happenings.  i would recommend this for anyone who is interested in historical novels.  Even if not interested in the historical aspects, it is a good read.
B000002UAU|5.0|In the 1960's the cultural revolution was at its height and this record was its waving flag.<br />Although the Beatles were absorbed into psychedelic culture they also sat at its fore front. They said what could be and everything came from this...this opened up an entire world. A new Beatles album that rocked its followers to expand their minds and it was definitely more trippy  thanks to a certain dentist friend of the fabs.<br />With a  connection to \\"alice in wonderland\\" and L.S.D. , and  at the peak of flower power , the music reflects 1967 perfectly.<br />  Barriers were being broken that one can not comprehend in a cultural sense today. The music was written  not to be preformed in concert but to be a thought in ones head, and yes although they say there is no connection to the songs as a concept album , still it manages to capture the whole hippy summer of love feeling on the record. A true original masterpiece.
B00005NWM3|1.0|this is the worst kind of rock out there. cookie cutter grunge rock made to sell lots of records. I dont think these guys take themselves as serious as some of the fans who gave this album good reviews. they just trying to cash in.
0060751967|1.0|I thought it was going to be a new refreshing story and I was completely wrong. I thought that the high rating (I'm definitely wondering about the level of intellect of the people who gave this a good rating) would be indicative of a good story, I could not have been anymore wrong. I utterly despised the heroine, she is childish, whiny (every other line was \\"A tear rolled down her cheek\\"), and she is a complete ditz. I was not moved by this book or the heroine in the least.    I also thought it was very unrealistic of the heroine to expect so much in a \\"relationship\\" with a guy she had only met night before. They had only spent about all of 5 or 6 hours together and a bit of that she was in a trance and you want me to believe that is enough for some form of commitment between the two? I mean she's running out like this man had cheated on her. Please, let's be serious for a second. He owes her nothing and she owes him nothing as well, the expectations that they build up for each other, well more so the expectations stupid Shanna had for Roman were completely unreasonable.    And the more I think about it, the more I think the premise of the story is stupid and I'm stupid for thinking it interesting of enough to purchase. This just wasn't the book for me, I tend to not like the whiny simpering thoughtless bimbo heroines.
B00005N6KG|5.0|got an iPod with earbuds...but the earbuds just wouldn't stay in while we worked out....this headphones do the trick...same idea as earbuds...but they stay on your head!
B001E5FYS8|5.0|A delightful, quixotic documentary about a dreamer who wanted to walk on a tightrope between the World Trade Towers and had enough skill to actually bring off the unlikely feat.    Along with his tightrope talent Philippe Petit had resourcefulness and considerable engineering ability. He smuggled more than a ton of equipment into the Towers under the noses of the guards, and rigged the wire by sending an arrow from one tower to the other and embroidering the wire from the fishline. His plan for the guywires was complex, and had to be, given the possibilities of wind and other problems at the top of the buildings.    During the planning stages the filmmakers use the lovers' theme from Michael Nyman's music for \\"The Cook, The Thief, His Wife and Her Lover\\". When Philippe is actually on the wire between the towers, they switch to Satie's \\"Gymnopdie\\". Then, as the camera pans from Philippe to the New York cops, the hectic march from \\"The Cook The Thief\\" takes over.    The sense of exultation and awe is contagious as Philippe's girlfriend tells the passersby that there is a man on a tightrope between the towers. Philippe's friends can't talk about the miraculous ascension without weeping. There is, indeed, something magical about the enormity of his dream and his accomplishment. I had a lump in my throat at the critical moment.    Predictably, the authorities and the media asked him \\"Why?\\" He found the question incomprehensible and irrelevant. A commitment like his doesn't have or need a \\"Why.\\"    The entire project, from dream to planning to execution to arrest, could be regarded as a work of modern art, performance art, carried out with technological means but -- most of all -- a romantic end.     A great movie for dreamers and those who respect dreamers. Even one of the cops says, \\"This is a once-in-a-lifetime thing.\\"
7119005901|1.0|I am a big fan of The Three Kingdoms saga.  I wanted a version that in my mind was worthy of the wonder and significance of the work.  This version, for the cost, is very disappointing.  I am through the first nine chapters or so, and I must say that this version does not live up to expectations.  I see typographical and spelling (!) errors on seemingly every other page.  There are also numerous references within the text to other works and versions that make me think there have to be more comprehensive, superior versions out there.  I wanted a version that I could hang onto for decades, something worthy of prominent display on my bookshelves, and this one isn't it.  If you are new to the ROTK world, this could be a great introductory work, but only if it were $40 cheaper.  Avoid and instead try the local library.
0312321376|4.0|After reading this book you will believe in the possibility reincarnation. The book provides many case histories of children who remember past lives along with compelling evidence of the veracity of their claims. It also looks at possible alternative explanations including deception. The results are amazing. Even the most hard headed scientist could not dismiss these cases without at least accepting that reincarnation is the most plausible explanation available at this time. Because the cases are individually scrutinized by considering possible alternative explanations, it is at times repetitive and long winded. Nevertheless, I could not put it down. Dr Jim Tucker and his senior colleague, Dr Ian Stevenson, are well qualified and respected scientists. Their work is rigorous, methodologically sound and unbiased.  Everyone should read this book because reincarnation puts this life in an entirely new context and dispells many fears we have about our own mortality.
B001PTHDIM|1.0|This Kindle edition is a big disappointment. It's full of errors and the formatting is terrible -- hundreds of misspelled words, page numbers and chapter footers in the middle of sentences, etc. It seems like a bad OCR of a scanned document that nobody bothered to clean up. Buy the other Kindle edition from 2004 instead.
B00005JPY2|5.0|After all the hype, all the years of fan dreams and anticipation, all the legal drama, and all the praises bestowed upon the legendary graphic novel, \\"Watchmen\\" is now a major motion picture and critical Armageddon is about to break loose.  There are two kinds of people who will watch The Watchmen; those who will hail it as an amazing cinema achievement and those who will hate it with a flaming passion.  I'm onboard with the former, every other person I saw it with is the latter. I'm buying the [[ASIN:0930289234 graphic novel]] tomorrow so keep in mind that this review is from the point of view of a Watchmen virgin.  Fans of cinema lite who wanted another Batman or Spider-Man movie, step off; this one is not for you.  This is for the real deal heavy thinkers out there who want to be challenged and like their comic adaptations with more than a little noir.  There are no big name actors, no large-scale seat of your pants action scenes, and no holding of the audience's hand. This will be the mnost divisive film of the year.  Let the flamewars begin.<br /><br />The story is impossible to describe in a mere review.  The concepts too epic and weighty to put on paper or pixels.  This film follows the motto of one of it's characters: \\"Never compromise, even in the face of  Armageddon\\".  Amen, brothers and sisters.  This film is exactly what it wants to be and it does not give a damn what anybody else thinks.  It's better than hardcore and fills the screen with images that often constitute the very last things an audience wants to see, be it numerous onscreen penis shots, sexually impotent and psychotic protagonists, a villainous sacrifice that serves as an act of heroism, and a general acknowledgment that we are all worthless insects who are destined to destroy each other.  The Comedian would laugh long and hard at the inevitable backlash against this film.  All of the shiny happy people who thought [[ASIN:B001GZ6QDS The Dark Knight]] was harsh and pessimistic; prepare for a dose of reality.  \\"Watchmen\\" will likely not be a commercial success and it will not start a new kind of superhero trend.  But the very fact that it got made and released in this form is a sign that the times are indeed changing in the favor of the blackhearted comic geek.  Brings a smile to my face.<br /><br />The cast is wonderful, perfectly flawed, and fitting for the unbelievably black tone of the story.  Malin Akerman  is officially the comic film hottie to beat.  Her striking looks and effortlessly exuded sexuality make her the perfect woman to star as Miss Jupiter.  Carla Gugino is also fantastic as her mother, the former Silk Specter (hottest superheroine name ever) who refuses to age gracefully.  Jackie Earle Haley is 100% bada$z as Rorschach (pronounced ror-shak) and is arguably the bet character.  He closely resembles Frank Miller's Batman if he ever truly went over the edge and gave up on humanity altogether.  That ink-blot mask of his is mesmerizing too.  Nite Owl is an awkward soft-spoken empathetic nerd.  Until you tick him off, that is.  The fight scenes are fast, brutal, and downright awesome.  They don't take up much of the  Lord of the Rings-ish running time, but they are spectacular while they last.  Doctor Manhattan essentially plays the role of God in this.  Thew actor is mostly mo-capped, but even with the complete impassivity of Manhattan's facial features, emotion leaks through.  Outstanding.  As an otherworldy being with limitless power, he is like Superman, Silver Surfer, Magneto, Professor X, and a living atom bomb all wrapped up in an exhibitionist Blue Man Group member package.  His all-knowing observations serve as a grounding point for the film's pessimistic philosophies.  The Comedian is a perpetual presence even though he dies in the opening scene.  He is arguably the scummiest of all the Watchmen, but it may turn out he was the only one who had it right after all.  He is not a comedian who tells jokes, he is a sadist whose humorincludes burning people alive, raping his friends, and taking joy in the sick irony of it all.  Smartest man in the world Ozymandias plays a relatively small role in the film until the end, and then becomes crucial as the pieces fall into place.<br /><br />Dr. Manhattan's creation in this story changes the course of United States history, and allows us to win the Vietnam War and re-elect a victorious Nixon many times over all the way into the 80's.  A nightmare for many people, like this movie will be.  But the end result is the same; the threat of mutual nuclear annihilation between the USA and the USSR.  But in this case, it's going down and the only being with a chance to stop it has lost any semblance of humanity and would rather watch the world die then lift a finger knowing that in the big picture, the universe wouldn't even notice either way.  The story of Watchmen is epic and philosophical in ways that standard movie-goers are simply are not going to grasp.  They will come in looking for \\"BIFF!, \\"POW!\\", and \\"OOF!\\" and will leave having seen dogs fighting over a little girl's mostly skeletonized leg (shoe still on the foot), bones getting snapped in slow motion, a man getting his arms taken off with a power tool, more blue manmeat then they ever wanted to see, and the dreariest overall tone of any major studio release I've ever seen.  And I love that about it.  Hey now; mankind is portrayed as scum, brutal violence and frank sex abound, and the nerd gets the girl!  What's not to like for me?  The only real chinks I found in the armor aside from it's genuine unpalletability is the soundtrack, which consists of numerous classic songs that are all great but I felt like they really distracted me from the film and clashed with the tone, plus the excessive male full-frontal nudity which produced A LOT of audience jokes at inappropriate times, including from me.  But overall I am thrilled to see a visual dynamo like Zack Snyder doing something so bold, different, harsh, and deep so early in his career.  Pray this doesn't sink it.<br /><br />So again I say, this film will be a Hindenbergian catastrophe for mainstream movie fans looking for some light popcorn-friendly entertainment or worse, kiddie-fare.  But for those of you who want real depth, an adult story that takes it's time and encompasses all that is black and depraved and hopeless in society, characters that you may not like but still gape in awe at, a serious comic adaptation that earns it's R-rating and then some, and want to see the greyest ending in film history, I give you \\"Watchmen\\".  Look upon it's works, ye mighty, and despair.<br /><br />\\"In Egypt's sandy silence, all alone,<br />Stands a gigantic Leg, which far off throws<br />The only shadow that the Desert knows:<br />\\"I am great OZYMANDIAS,\\" saith the stone,<br />\\"The King of Kings; this mighty City shows<br />\\"The wonders of my hand.\\" The City's gone,<br />Nought but the Leg remaining to disclose<br />The site of this forgotten Babylon.<br />We wonder, and some Hunter may express<br />Wonder like ours, when thro' the wilderness<br />Where London stood, holding the Wolf in chace,<br />He meets some fragments huge, and stops to guess<br />What powerful but unrecorded race<br />Once dwelt in that annihilated place.\\"  --Horace Smith.ing people alive, raping his friends, and taking joy in the sick irony of it all.  Smartest man in the world Ozymandias plays a relatively small role in the film until the end, and then becomes crucial as the pieces fall into place.    Dr. Manhattan's creation in this story changes the course of United States history, and allows us to win the Vietnam War and re-elect a victorious Nixon many times over all the way into the 80's.  A nightmare for many people, like this movie will be.   But the end result is the same; the threat of mutual nuclear annihilation between the USA and the USSR.  But in this case, it's going down and the only being with a chance to stop it has lost any semblance of humanity and would rather watch the world die then lift a finger knowing that in the big picture, the universe wouldn't even notice either way.  The story of Watchmen is epic and philosophical in ways that standard movie-goers are simply are not going to grasp.  They will come in looking for \\"BIFF!, \\"POW!\\", and \\"OOF!\\" and will leave having seen dogs fighting over a little girl's mostly skeletonized leg (shoe still on the foot), bones getting snapped in slow motion, a man getting his arms taken off with a power tool, more blue manmeat then they ever wanted to see, and the dreariest overall tone of any major studio release I've ever seen.  And I love that about it.  Hey now; mankind is portrayed as scum, brutal violence and frank sex abound, and the nerd gets the girl!  What's not to like for me?  The only real chinks I found in the armor aside from it's genuine unpalletability is the soundtrack, which consists of numerous classic songs that are all great but I felt like they really distracted me from the film and clashed with the tone, plus the excessive male full-frontal nudity which produced A LOT of audience jokes at inappropriate times, including from me.   But overall I am thrilled to see a visual dynamo like Zack Snyder doing something so bold, different, harsh, and deep so early in his career.  Pray this doesn't sink it.    So again I say, this film will be a Hindenbergian catastrophe for mainstream movie fans looking for some light popcorn-friendly entertainment or worse, kiddie-fare.  But for those of you who want real depth, an adult story that takes it's time and encompasses all that is black and depraved and hopeless in society, characters that you may not like but still gape in awe at, a serious comic adaptation that earns it's R-rating and then some, and want to see the greyest ending in film history, I give you \\"Watchmen\\".  Look upon it's works, ye mighty, and despair.    \\"In Egypt's sandy silence, all alone,  Stands a gigantic Leg, which far off throws  The only shadow that the Desert knows:  \\"I am great OZYMANDIAS,\\" saith the stone,  \\"The King of Kings; this mighty City shows  \\"The wonders of my hand.\\" The City's gone,  Nought but the Leg remaining to disclose  The site of this forgotten Babylon.  We wonder, and some Hunter may express  Wonder like ours, when thro' the wilderness  Where London stood, holding the Wolf in chace,  He meets some fragments huge, and stops to guess  What powerful but unrecorded race  Once dwelt in that annihilated place.\\"      --Horace Smith.
B00026WU64|4.0|Even though Amazon says that the unremastered version of this album is discontinued, I bought it new a couple of weeks ago and will base this review on that, but make passing reference to the remastered version.        Many years ago I bought the 3 cd compilation \\"Masterpieces\\" because I thought a Dylan album would be like broccoli-that is, 'good for you'. Can't say that I was overwhelmed with that introduction to Dylan. Really, I didn't want to explore his studio albums as I didn't think I'd get anything from them. However, watching a recentish documentary series on Dylan, I'd be intrigued by snatches of Dylan songs used on that. In coming up with a list of the best Dylan songs, I'd include some songs I heard from that series (I think the name of that docu was \\"No direction home\\"). Which is what prompted me to buy this album-it had songs I liked the sound of, but which weren't included on his compilations.       The out and out classic on this album is:    Masters of war: features an agitated, simple, accoustic guitar riff. The lyrics are simply stunning in their ferocity. Dylan is a hissing, spitting cobra on this song, squirting venom into the eyes of those with jackboots who cross his path and unsettle him (namely, politicians who take their country to war). The lyrics are blistering, searing, contemptuous and disdainful. The combination of such a simple accoustic arrangement and such withering lyrics is brilliant. Really, this song is timeless. As long as there are humans, there will be wars...pointless ones at that. You Tube no doubt has videos of this song which members have accompanied by pictures of the previous US president, George W. Bush. There will always be an era where a politician will be linked to this song, or could be.    Although I don't put any other songs from this album in the same class as \\"Masters of war\\", there are others that I like to a lesser degree:    I shall be free: this song grew on me. It's now probably my second favourite song from the album. Lyrically comical, it has an echo, to me at least, in a song from so called 'anti-folk' group The Moldy Peaches. The Moldy Peaches song which I have in mind is \\"Anyone else but you\\".    Down the highway: features a flittering accoustic guitar and bluesy style.    A hard rain's a gonna fall: an epic song, running at nearly seven minutes long. Lyrics seem biblical in tone. Not sure, but I think he may fluff a line, re \\"knowing my song\\". If that's right, it may be rectified in the remastered version.    Bob Dylan's dream: like most songs on this album, it features Dylan's harmonica.    Oxford town: about a racist town    Those songs are the ones I like best on this album, but some other songs should be pointed out:    Talking World War III blues: this song places Dylan specifically under the shadow of atomic bomb, in the midst of the 'cold war' between the US and the Soviet Union. Try You Tubing the phrase \\"Duck and cover\\" to show some of the absurd propoganda the US used to reassure its citizens around that time that they would be safe from a nuclear assault, so long as they would \\"Duck and cover\\" when the nuclear blast went off!   Seems to have some product placement in this song, like rappers are prone to do.     Honey, just allow me one more chance: Dylan in whimsical mode here. He uses a goofy voice and the lyrics are a bit silly too. It's a contrast to songs about racism and the end of the world, in any case.     Corrina, Corrina: the first appearance of 'Judas' Dylan. No doubt in a vain attempt to sweep the world with his music, The Bob goes extravagantly decadent...by utilising drums in this song! The song sounds a little bit country and bluesy.    Blowin' in the wind: a staple of his 'best of' collections. Can't say that this song is a favourite of mine...I tend to associate it with hippies who sound like singing nuns...well, ok, Joan Baez singing in her technically sound voice, but annoyingly nunny or school ma'am-ish voice.  If some of thereferences are explained to you, there is political content to this song. When I was not that familiar with Dylan's music, I scoffed at the notion that he was political, and I especially scoffed at the notion that this song was political...it seemed more poetic than political to me, actually.  Watching that documentary series on Bob Dylan, the political writer is re-claimed...with such stunning songs as \\"Masters of war\\".        Like I said, I bought the unremastered version, new, for $10 a couple of weeks ago. The sound quality was fine...no complaints, really, but it did sound sort of 'faux stereo', like early Beatles recordings were too. The guitar seemed to come out of one side of my headphones predominantly-maybe it was solely on one side, but I didn't confirm that.        Seeing as I had gotten rid of my receipt for that cd, when I saw the remastered version in the same chain, but a different outlet the following week, I took a chance on it, seeing as I liked the music. It cost me twice as much as the older version. The sound on that does sound more 'stereo-ey'-like the \\"wide\\" stereo mode on old portable cassette players. The harmonica definitely sounds more expansive on the remastered version. Occasionally you are aware of what the people doing the remaster are doing, which is a bad thing. It's not ideal to be listening to a song, and once in a while noticing something that could have been done better.        Have listened to the remastered version once only. Really, I can't say that the unremastered version is terrible...it's fine. Maybe you might want to buy the version which is the best value for you.       Overall, even though I don't identify as being a fan of folk music, I do like this album quite a lot. Actually, if you are like me, listening to studio albums by Dylan may be more rewarding than buying a compilation first up. The problem with the latter for me was that of the Dylan songs I knew, I knew them for superior cover versions. And songs that I would consider \\"essential\\" now, for having seen that documentary series on Dylan, don't appear on compilations with words like \\"Essential\\" in their title. E.g. how can \\"Masters of war\\" not be considered an essential song?       This is a charming album of accoustic guitar and harmonica music. Pretty much the only song I think would benefit the album by being removed would be \\"Girl from the north country\\" or, maybe \\"Corrina, Corrina\\", though that song might grow on me more.        This is an album of its time-a world of cold wars and racial divides. Dylan reflects on these issues, as well as having a bit of fun and lightening the mood.       Was thinking of putting \\"7/10\\" in the header for this album, but it grows on you. So, for that fact, I'll score this album 80/100 with a margin of error of +/- 5.       A very good starting point to discover The Bob.
0143113100|4.0|Great book for anyone interested in the incredible capacity of the human brain. Through stories and anecdotes, Doidge gives both an overview of the latest research in brain plasticity as well as a history of brain science and its development.
B00144VBBS|5.0|I HAVE TO SAY THESE ARE MY FIRST TOBY KEITH CD'S AND IT IS A GREAT ASSORTMENT OF HIS HITS.  WE DON'T GET COUNTRY MUSIC HERE SO IT IS REALLY GREAT HEARING HIM WHEN I WANT.
B000UUNOQW|1.0|The description of the item did not specify that this was for a PSP.  I was under the impression that it was a DVD.  This seller needs to be more specific in his descriptions of items to include such important information as this as I do not own a PSP and have no use for this item as I received it.
B0006A9FKA|5.0|The basic plot: Shaun, a ne'er-do-well, finds his dead-end life interrupted by zombies taking over Britain.  What follows is his attempt to save the people he cares about, in the middle of an undead apocalypse.    This movie is very, very funny.  The writing is smart, and includes \\"inside\\" references to any number of horror/scifi movies.  The main character and his buddy are reminiscent of Earl and his brother, Randy, from \\"My Name is Earl\\", but this movie takes the time to occasionally get serious, especially towards the end.
B0001WTUH6|5.0|While there is not much I have to add to the other reviews, I will say that this is a phenomenal movie, as are the others in the series of Underworld movies. Not only do vampires and werewolves make for interesting and entertaining protagonists and antagonists, but they also make for some pretty cool and imaginative fight scenes.    If you enjoy action films with great fighting, but not really all that much blood, gore and guts, this would be a great film to pursue. The action is fast-paced, the cast is attractive, and the special features are very interesting, all at a great price. Would fully recommend!
B001QPCPPG|5.0|These songs show how truly amazing Lady GaGa is! She is very talented and extraordinarily unique! These couple of songs show that she doesn't need the sick crazy beats behind her to make her songs come to life. Her voice and piano playing on this version of \\"Poker Face\\" are so good! It shows she can really sing! I absolutely love Lady GaGa and these songs are great.    Bottom Line: If you want some extra Lady GaGa songs in your life, then download this awesome EP and discover what a great artist she is!!! :)
B001ILFUDM|5.0|A timeless classic that has been entertaining audiences for 70 years, Walt Disney's \\"Pinocchio\\" gets the High-Definition treatment and with Disney's classics on Blu-ray known as \\"reference\\" disc's among high-definition fans, \\"Pinocchio\\" is the second animated film from Walt Disney to hit theaters (back in 1940) and the oldest Walt Disney animated film to be released on Blu-ray.  This Blu-ray disc comes with two Blu-ray discs plus a DVD disc of the film.<br /><br />VIDEO & AUDIO:<br /><br />So, far the Walt Disney Blu-ray disc animated (as well as theatrical) releases are among the best in picture and audio quality.<br /><br />With the 2008 Blu-ray disc release of \\"Sleeping Beauty\\" (1958) which definitely benefited from the High-Definition remastering and many videophiles putting it among their top 10 of \\"reference\\" Blu-ray discs for picture quality, \\"Pinocchio\\" (1940) is a much older release, this film presented in multiplane Technicolor just looks absolutely fabulous on Blu-ray.<br /><br />For nearly a year, an expert restoration team digitally scanned 380,334 frames of four and half miles of 71 year-old film negative, cleaning 126,778 frames, realigning each scene, removing dirt, scratches and dust and matching colors to the original cels and backgrounds.  The clarity of \\"Pinocchio\\" is just amazing and I was just impressed how clean the animation was.<br /><br />From the details of the backgrounds to the vibrant colors used, picture quality was just spectacular.<br /><br />And the audio is no slouch either as the audio is featured in English 7.1 DTS-HD Master Audio (48 kHz, 24-bit) or a restored original theatrical soundtrack.  Of course, the film is primarily a dialogue based film but also a classic known for its music.<br /><br />So, for those who have been enchanted with songs such as \\"When You Wish Upon A Star\\" to \\"I've Got No Strings\\", fans of Disney composer Leigh Harline, Ned Washington and Paul J. Smith are going to enjoy how beautiful the music sounds on their home theater setup.  The music from \\"Pinocchio\\" earned the film two Oscars in 1941 for \\"Best Music, Original Score\\" and \\"Best Music, Original Song\\" for \\"When You Wish Upon a Star\\" which would become Disney's anthem.<br /><br />For those wondering if there are any audio tracks in any other languages, unfortunately there is not.  Although the bonus features do include English, French and Spanish 2.0.  The same can be said for subtitles featured in English SDH (for the film) and the bonus features in English SDH, French and Spanish.<br /><br />SPECIAL FEATURES:<br /><br />\\"Pinocchio\\" is just loaded with special features.  Here is what is included:<br /><br />Blu-ray Disc 1:<br /><br />  * \\"When You Wish Upon a Star\\" - An all-new music video starring Meaghan Jette Martin (Camp Rock) performing an all-new version of \\"When You Wish Upon A Star!\\"  Obviously a version to bring any the younger listeners but really, nothing can beat the original version sung by Cliff Edwards.<br />  * Pinocchio's Matter of Facts - Learn fun facts about Pinocchio and other related subjects as you watch the movie.<br />  * Optional Video/Audio Commentary - An all-new audio commentary with Leonard Maltin, Eric Goldberg and J.B. Kaufman.  A very informative and also enthusiastic commentary in which the three discuss their feelings of the film, what scenes touched them and also some informative facts about the film.  The optional video commentary allows people to have a picture-in-picture display in which you can watch the three discuss the film and then also some interviews with the original crew involved with the film.<br />  * Disney Song Selection - This section allows the viewer to listen to the music portions from the film.<br /><br />Blu-ray Disc 2:<br /><br />  * No Strings Attached: The Making of Pinocchio - Witness the behind-the scenes magic that transformed Carlo Collodi's popular book into a classic animated film.  About an hour long and very informative featurette about how thefilm cost Disney over $2 million to make but the film didn't do well in the box office until later as the music became a big part of Disney and people started to discover it's technical, artistic and musical merit and having become a Disney masterpiece.<br />  * Deleted Scenes - In the Disney vault, storyboards for deleted scenes and an alternate ending were found.  Without spoiling any of these, the following scenes are:<br />  - The story of the Grandfather Tree - Kindly Geppetto tells Pinocchio about the Great Pine Tree from which Pinocchio is descended.<br />  - In The Belly Of The Whale - The most elaborate of Pinocchio's deleted scenes that remain in the Disney Archives, these recently discovered storyboards reveal a different version of Geppetto inside Monstro.<br />  - Alternate Ending - A recently uncovered set of small storyboard panels reveal plans for a different version of Pinocchio becoming a real boy.<br />  * The Sweat Box - The Sweatbox was a small projection room at the Disney studio where Walt critiqued story reels, rough animation, and dailies of films in progress with his anxious artists. This piece traces the history of the Sweatbox and brings to life this important part of Walt Disney's artistic process.<br />  * Geppettos Then And Now - A look at the art of toymaking as it has evolved into the 21st Century.  A fun featurette showcasing those who make toys, those who still carve wooden puppets to those who have created the Wall-E robot toy and I-Sobot.<br />  * Live Action Reference Footage - Older footage of how live action was used in the film, especially with the movements of Jimini Cricket.<br />  * Pinocchio Art Galleries - The hand-drawn conceptual art of \\"Pinocchio\\" is fantastic.  Absolutely beautiful!<br />  * Pinocchio's Puzzles - Hosted by Jiminy Cricket, Pinocchio's Puzzles is a multi-tiered Puzzle game that contains six unique wooden puzzles for the viewer to assemble. Each puzzle forms an image from the film that comes to life once they are complete.<br />  * Blu-ray Exclusive Bonus Features -Includes all DVD Bonus Content (*BD-Live not available in Canada)<br />  * Disney BD-Live Network - The Disney BD-Live Network is just one of the many ways movie lovers, families, and loved ones can continue to stay connected and engage in their favorite movies.<br />  * Movie Chat - Communicate with your remote friends on-screen while in a synchronized viewing party using your remote control or any text enabled device such as a laptop,<br />  desk top or any PDA device such as a Blackberry, iPhone or most other regular cell phones. Your chat session will appear over the movie and occur in real-time while watching the movie together.<br />  * Movie Mail - Blu-ray owners will be able to record a personalized video message of themselves, superimpose that capture onto one of many pre-selected clips of the movie, and send it off to a friend, colleague, or relative. This specific feature enables Pinocchio Blu-ray Disc owner to personalize a very special greeting as never before.<br />  * Disney Movie Rewards Live - Pinocchio Blu-ray owners will be able to accumulate Disney Movie Reward Points by participating in many Disney BD-Live Network activities. In return, viewers can redeem points for exclusive content such as Avatars, downloadable extras and many more exciting possibilities.<br />  * Disney View - A new viewing experience for future generations of home audiences, Disney View brings classic Disney films to the modern era of widescreen high definition viewing by allowing the user to expand their viewing experience beyond the original aspect ratio of the film. Utilizing Disney Blu-ray(tm) technology, artists are able to `draw' beyond the borders of classic full frame cinema and fill the otherwise dark edges of the screen with beautiful original imagery, giving audiences a new view on their animated classic favorites. Legendary artist Toby Bluth is the first artist's work to be featured on Disney View.I hope \\"Disney View\\" is a continuous feature because instead of watching the black bars on the sides of your widescreen TV, by having these borders and have it match with the scene was well-done!<br />  * Cine-Explore<br />  * Pinocchio Knows Trivia Challenge - 1 to 4-player trivia game that can be played locally or online with your friends. Try to be the first to shrink Pinocchio's nose by answering challenging questions while watching the film.<br />  * Pleasure Island Carnival Games - Best the Evil Coachmen at four challenging Carnival games to earn your freedom and escape Pleasure Island.<br /><br />Also, included is a song that was not used in the final cut for the film and more!<br /><br />Again, another Disney masterpiece that has its definitive release via High-Definition on Blu-ray.  This release is absolutely wonderful!<br /><br />I was awestruck by how brilliant the film looked and how clean and pristine this 70-year-old film was on Blu-ray.  Walt Disney Studios Home Entertainment really showed us how brilliant their restored films would look on Blu-ray starting with \\"Sleeping Beauty\\" but since \\"Pinocchio\\" was a much older film, it wasn't known if it could benefit from the restoration but sure enough, this release is yet another \\"Grand Slam\\".<br /><br />To have a such an important classic animated film released on Blu-ray to look this spectacular is impressive but to go back into the sealed archives of Disney and to find any video or any type of existing artwork or storyboards was just amazing.  This release is just jam packed with special feature and you learn so much about the behind-the-scenes making of the film from the artistic and musical direction, to casting and even Walt Disney and his involvement as well.<br /><br />Learning how Walt Disney wanted to immediately change his version of \\"Pinocchio\\" from Carlo Collodi's original 1911 story \\"avventure de Pinocchio\\" (which featured an unlikeable, wiseguy Pinocchio and dark stories about abductions and murders) to learning also how strict Walt Disney was in making sure his staff knew what he wanted and did all he can to bring the best out of them.<br /><br />Now, as a parent, I did watch this film with my child.  For those who are not familiar with the classic Disney films, although Disney films are rated G, Disney films from the past versus a Disney film like \\"Wall-E\\" or a modern Disney animated film that is generally fine for children will need to know that back then, Walt Disney's animated films were created for people of all ages and not just children (which was discussed on the commentary).<br /><br />So, therefore Walt Disney's first film \\"Snow White and the Seven Dwarves\\" had dark content.  Disney's second film \\"Pinocchio\\" has its share of scenes that may make some parents uncomfortable.  For example, in one scene, Pinocchio follows a wiseguy who likes to smoke and thus Pinocchio starts smoking a cigar (and of course getting sick by it), scenes with beer drinking and then of course, a scene where the word \\"jackass\\" is used a few times.  Some may feel the content is inappropriate for their children, so I will leave that up to your discretion.<br /><br />But overall, there's really nothing negative that can be said about this Blu-ray release.  It's everything that a fan of the film can ever want with a High-Definition release.  Digital restoration of video and audio, informative commentary, special features and much more!<br /><br />Absolutely wonderful!  Highly recommended!e in Canada)        * Disney BD-Live Network - The Disney BD-Live Network is just one of the many ways movie lovers, families, and loved ones can continue to stay connected and engage in their favorite movies.      * Movie Chat - Communicate with your remote friends on-screen while in a synchronized viewing party using your remote control or any text enabled device such as a laptop,        desk top or any PDA device such as a Blackberry, iPhone or most other regular cell phones. Your chat session will appear over the movie and occur in real-time while watching the movie together.      * Movie Mail - Blu-ray owners will be able to record a personalized video message of themselves, superimpose that capture onto one of many pre-selected clips of the movie, and send it off to a friend, colleague, or relative. This specific feature enables Pinocchio Blu-ray Disc owner to personalize a very special greeting as never before.      * Disney Movie Rewards Live - Pinocchio Blu-ray owners will be able to accumulate Disney Movie Reward Points by participating in many Disney BD-Live Network activities. In return, viewers can redeem points for exclusive content such as Avatars, downloadable extras and many more exciting possibilities.      * Disney View - A new viewing experience for future generations of home audiences, Disney View brings classic Disney films to the modern era of widescreen high definition viewing by allowing the user to expand their viewing experience beyond the original aspect ratio of the film. Utilizing Disney Blu-ray(tm) technology, artists are able to `draw' beyond the borders of classic full frame cinema and fill the otherwise dark edges of the screen with beautiful original imagery, giving audiences a new view on their animated classic favorites. Legendary artist Toby Bluth is the first artist's work to be featured on Disney View.  I hope \\"Disney View\\" is a continuous feature because instead of watching the black bars on the sides of your widescreen TV, by having these borders and have it match with the scene was well-done!        * Cine-Explore        * Pinocchio Knows Trivia Challenge - 1 to 4-player trivia game that can be played locally or online with your friends. Try to be the first to shrink Pinocchio's nose by answering challenging questions while watching the film.        * Pleasure Island Carnival Games - Best the Evil Coachmen at four challenging Carnival games to earn your freedom and escape Pleasure Island.    Also, included is a song that was not used in the final cut for the film and more!    Again, another Disney masterpiece that has its definitive release via High-Definition on Blu-ray.   This release is absolutely wonderful!    I was awestruck by how brilliant the film looked and how clean and pristine this 70-year-old film was on Blu-ray.  Walt Disney Studios Home Entertainment really showed us how brilliant their restored films would look on Blu-ray starting with \\"Sleeping Beauty\\" but since \\"Pinocchio\\" was a much older film, it wasn't known if it could benefit from the restoration but sure enough, this release is yet another \\"Grand Slam\\".    To have a such an important classic animated film released on Blu-ray to look this spectacular is impressive but to go back into the sealed archives of Disney and to find any video or any type of existing artwork or storyboards was just amazing.  This release is just jam packed with special feature and you learn so much about the behind-the-scenes making of the film from the artistic and musical direction, to casting and even Walt Disney and his involvement as well.    Learning how Walt Disney wanted to immediately change his version of \\"Pinocchio\\" from Carlo Collodi's original 1911 story \\"avventure de Pinocchio\\" (which featured an unlikeable, wiseguy Pinocchio and dark stories about abductions and murders) to learning also how strict Walt Disney was in making sure his staff knew what he wanted and did all he can to bring the best out of them.    Now, as a parent, I did watch this film with my child.  For those who are not familiar with the classic Disney films, although Disney films are rated G, Disney films from the past versus a Disney film like \\"Wall-E\\" or a modern Disney animated film that is generally fine for children will need to know that back then, Walt Disney's animated films were created for people of all ages and not just children (which was discussed on the commentary).    So, therefore Walt Disney's first film \\"Snow White and the Seven Dwarves\\" had dark content.  Disney's second film \\"Pinocchio\\" has its share of scenes that may make some parents uncomfortable.  For example, in one scene, Pinocchio follows a wiseguy who likes to smoke and thus Pinocchio starts smoking a cigar (and of course getting sick by it), scenes with beer drinking and then of course, a scene where the word \\"jackass\\" is used a few times.  Some may feel the content is inappropriate for their children, so I will leave that up to your discretion.    But overall, there's really nothing negative that can be said about this Blu-ray release.  It's everything that a fan of the film can ever want with a High-Definition release.  Digital restoration of video and audio, informative commentary, special features and much more!    Absolutely wonderful!  Highly recommended!
B001F12J48|4.0|Just as expected.  Good DVD.  3D needs a better set of 3D glasses
B001HQZJPM|5.0|The movies were in great shape.  They were a gift for my 12 year old son.  I'm so glad they were everything they were advertised to be!  Thank You
B001LF4IA6|3.0|I'm a huge Springsteen fan, since 1978.  Unlike Magic, this one is taking a little longer to grow on me.  I couldn't imagine not owning everything he's put out, but if I wasn't a fan, I'm not sure this cd would turn me into one.
B000NNXEH0|5.0|This was my first Akiro movie - I watched the Magnificient Seven and how Yul Brenner came up with the idea and plotlines, so I bought the original.  It had some twists that were not in the Magnificient Seven, but it was very slow and very long.  I enjoyed it.
B000GPIPTW|5.0|Of course every music lover wants a CD of The Beach Boys' classic \\"Pet Sounds\\" in their collection.  Even if it didn't remind me of my high school Homecoming Dance, sophomore year (when I was dating, for the first and only time, an ACTUAL surfer dude), I would still adore the layered musical genius of \\"Wouldn't it be nice\\" and \\"God Only Knows What I'd Be Without You\\" (which I agree, along with Sir Paul,  is maybe the best rock song ever written.)  I can't watch the last scenes of \\"Love Actually\\" without crying, every time.    So, if you do not have an unscratched copy of \\"Pet Sounds,\\" this is a wonderful compendium.  The accompanying documentary DVD, which shows home movies and photos of the Wilson brothers and their cousins, as they were when this album was being conceived, recorded and released, is fascinating.  I watched it through once with my husband, and then we screened it again with our teenaged daughters.  It's important to us that our daughters realize that the music they love today has a rich history, and that the music their dad and I love still translates very well to their musical tastes.    For the money, this is a wonderful combination of a first-rate rock album (sorry, I still think in terms of vinyl) and a satisfying and informative visual history of The Beach Boys and their music.    Highly recommended.
032147404X|3.0|I just received your Digital Photography Boxed Set - Volumes 1 & 2. My immediate reaction was to the poor quality of paper that your books are printed on. It's unfortunate that you skimped on the paper. This is nothing more than magazine quality paper stock at best. I suggest you find another publisher. Very disappointing.
B001GKJ2FW|5.0|The theme of the moive is simple but captivating.  It has great songs.  Both me and my 13-year old son enjoyed it very much.  The movie is suitable for almost all ages. Watching the Blu-ray DVD in HD TV has even better result than one sees it in movie theatre.
B00127RAJY|5.0|This video is absolutely AWESOME! I've hit this video up 15 times over the past 25 days. I've taken six days off and supplemented the Pilates Crunch video for the other four days, which is also a great toning video. But let me say that Jillian's video puts all the others to shame! To get this kind of butt-kicking workout in only 20 minutes or so is fabulous! Along with diet, I've lost six pounds thus far and have cheated on my diet WAY more than I should have. Pastries are my weakness! I'm sure if I had stuck strictly to my eating plan, I would've lost way more. I am a 5'6 female currently weighing 150 and have about 20 pounds to go since I have a small frame. Also, let me add that 14 of the 15 times I did this video, I only did level 1 and with 3-pound weights. But today I became brave and jumped to level 2. You're not suppose to take breaks, but DAMN! It was challenging and I finished the entire session with warm-up and cool-down in 34 minutes. But here's the best part...I burned 480 calories! That's the same as if I went running at 7mph for the same amount of time...and who wants to do that?! Not me.     But seriously, the reason this video works is because Jillian wants you to push yourself and get your heart rate up to around 85% of your MHR, which burns more calories and boosts your metabolism so that you continue to burn calories even after the workout is over. I also bought her book, \\"Making the Cut\\", which you should also buy if you are serious about losing the last 10 to 20 pounds like I am. I just bought it yesterday so I'll have to write a review if all goes well. POINT BLANK: BUY THIS DVD AND YOU WON'T REGRET IT!  I LOVE YOU JILLIAN! LOL
B000000OAN|4.0|If you wanted a  powerfully insightful even compelling satire on the hypocrsy and outright  banality of political, cultural even moral thinking in the modern west just at this period, this would be the album for you.It doesn't make fun so much as it becomes fun. The fact is it has only grown in merit over the decades to mature into a classic.
B000VBJEEG|5.0|The price was reasonable and I received the DVD in 2 weeks. I would definitely buy from this seller again!!
B001B6EAOY|1.0|Did not work in the psp. Could not recognize cards put one card in both slots or two identical cards. Like the other reviewer, its a mixed bag, also the card is flimsy due to design size restrictions. Its too bad because the concept is awesome.
B000067J24|5.0|Don't want to bore you with technicalities just watch it. Here it is in a nutshell. A man, a woman, delicious brazilian food, Bahia (Brazil), San Francisco and...a Goddess!!!  Just delicious!!! Oh! and... did I mention Love?!
B001FBIPF0|1.0|This album is god awful. It's another example of how record companies screw up perfectly good bands. That is why I listen to unsigned bands. This is when the music is raw, untouched, full of heart, and very good. Island records has made a mockery of one of Chicago's best pop punk bands. This band needs to go back to the sound that blared out of THE KNIGHTS OF COLUMBUS in Winnetka. Back then there was no one better. Now, they have fallen. Fall Out Boy should \\"Take This To The Grave\\"...
B001L5SXQG|1.0|Anyone who is still supporting this money-grubbing hypocrite after his Wal-Mart deal should be ashamed of themselves. His explanation was lame:  \\"It was a mistake. Our batting average is usually very good, but we missed that one. Fans will call you on that stuff, as it should be.\\" The money was there and he took it.
B00005N6KG|5.0|You might not belive me, but it's true. I even scrambled up a pair in Australia when I steped on my old ones.  I've gone through 6 or 7 pair (not because they stopped functioning--only because they met with unfortunate ends like being chewed by a rabbit).  I'm now buying an 8th pair because my Mom has decided to keep the pair I lent her.  These headphones have a terrific sound, they are light-weight, The headband is completely flexable and impossible to break, and they are good for people with small heads as the headband part is really small.  My Mom has never had headphones that would fit her head.  Hence the reason she stole mine!
B001F290E4|5.0|this is the greatest CD from Seal.  He is really rocking this collection of old school music.  It is worth the buy!     We can't get enough of it.    KB
1400076943|5.0|This is the story of Kambili, a shy 15 year old Nigerian girl with a rich and strictly religious father who is loved by the community (even receiving an award from Amnesty) and both loved and feared by his children whom he lovingly terrorizes. Kambili and her brother start to realize about the uncommonnes of their situation while staying with their father's poor but independent sister and her children.  This book is about children loving their parents whatever happens and also (but less) about the place and time in which the story was set. In both ways it is an interesting and beautiful story.   The terrible father who wants the best for his family reminded me of Allie Fox in Paul Theroux's Mosquito Coast, although Allie was not so cruel (physically).   If you are interested, like me, in the daily life in other countries and other times the setting is an added bonus.     The story rings so true, as a reader you can understand both the hate and the love and the way Kambili and her brother deal with it so well, that I hope this is just due to Adichie's great gift as a writer.    Compared to Half of a yellow sun (that I read first and also liked very much) I think it is a bit less about hard times in Nigeria and even more about people and the way they survive in emotional hard times. For teenage girls I would recommend Purple Hibiscus because it also is about daughters and fathers and falling in love.    Anyway and anybody (grumpy old man or sweet teenage girl): read it!
B001O2MBP0|5.0|This is a very funny British movie, a fast-moving farce that includes a gay dwarf, a guy tripping on acid, the delivery of the wrong departed loved one, and a little too much unexpected viewing of a corpse. The actors do a superb job of conveying zaniness at an upper-crust country house funeral. The plot is based on human foibles and flaws, and there are no lessons to be learned or morals to be drawn. A son in the movie however does have an epiphany about his father and matures through the comic adversities.<br /> How can things go wrong at a small funeral ceremony? What if a blackmailer shows up with photographs, what if a clod puts acid in a bottle meant for Valium, what if an old, handicapped man has an urgent need to evacuate, and what if the man assisting him ends up with more on his hands than he bargained for, what if a nude man threatens suicide from a roof, and what if noises are thought to emanate from a coffin--twice?<br /> It's hard to pull off farce, but if the director has a good plot, sharp characterization, and actor-pros, it's a treat to watch. A hilarious flick with twists and turns and plenty of laughs.
B001EO748M|5.0|The 2nd season is every bit as good as the first and in some ways better. Much more drama! Very very well done. I have enjoyed watching it thoroughly and look forward to season three.    Kathy
B001JJBO74|5.0|Every perfume-lover should own this book.  Not only an excellent reference book on perfume and perfume-making, but the star-ratings and witty reviews on each perfume (without fear or favour) make this an essential buying guide. Entertaining as well as informative.
B000002I2I|3.0|3 1/2    The Doors continued to open towards bluesy rock and close on a signature psychedelic sound they ushered forth, and depending which half of their career you prefer more will depend on how much you enjoy the work. I undoubtedly place it in that second bracket of lesser works- however a lesser Doors disc is still a higher disc for most other groups, with at least a few classic songs imprinted to guarantee purchase.
1931955085|5.0|Book is great. Though, I was ignored when I responded to Amazon about paying for 2 day delivery & receiving it 4 days later. I was given not explanation. Beware! I will think twice next time about who I deal with.
B000002J1F|4.0|4 1/2    Innovative, moving, challenging, and consistent in nearly every way, in spite of nearly half the tracks being interludes, some containing trippy experimentation which occasionally cannot compete with the masterwork throughout this rightful legendary record. What would normally pose as filler for most groups though, here are merely appetizers for some amazing main courses which have all their taste preserved after so long.
B000UJ24SC|2.0|This album, compared to Unhallowed, is a complete waste of money. This has no catchy songs!It bores me to tears. Maybe some die hard fans might like it. It is worth a listen ONCE and that is about it.
0385340990|5.0|I absolutely loved this book.  I loved the way that history was woven into the intricate fabric of the story.  What an interesting way to tell a story, in letters.  I loved it and several of my friends have borrowed the book and also raved about it.  I recommend it hightly.
0399226907|5.0|My three year old and all her classmates love this book. They ask to have it read over and over.
158270208X|4.0|This found a good home in my Hermetic Philosophy collection. Now I have a bigger collection than any of my friends :)
1596912863|1.0|I am a fan of Austen's work and confess to being a rabid Anglophile. However I was disappointed with the novel. The writing was uneven and I couldn't figure out what Jane, the central character, really wanted. Neither could she it seemed. Ms. Hale didn't seem to know what sort of novel she wanted to write either, perhaps this is a hazard of having written previous books geared toward teenaged girls, because the book did not read as though it were full of adult characters. Jane is supposed to be a 31 year old woman, but her behavior and thoughts suggest something more juvenile, maybe that of an 18 year old. Mr. Nobley's transition process felt unconvincing and the final fourth of the book felt hurried and gave in to so many of the cliched phrases from some of the really bad romance novels out there (Yes, I've read my share, more for a laugh than anything else.) And yes we all love that Jane Austen's characters make \\"triumphant matches\\" in the end and obviously Ms. Hale could not have ended her book any other way, given her patterning after Austen, but are we still really trying to promote the idea that for women the only \\"happy ending\\" involves a man? How about Jane just adopting a more realistic view of men and dating and actually growing up?
B0014YVC6W|4.0|This is an especially good young person's movie. It's an engaging, fun, and entertaining way to involve children in the basic philosophical issue of ontology. Ontology is the study of what it means to exist, or in the case of \\"Short Circuit,\\" what it means to be alive. Note Ren Descarte's (1596-1650) famous statement in Latin, \\"Cogito, ergo sum.\\" (I think, therefore I am.)    Regarding the Blu-ray transfer quality controversy, the version I just bought, in Feb. of 2009, had a sticker on its wrapper that says, \\"New Hi-Def Transfer.\\" Although this movie's video quality is not as good as \\"The Fifth Element,\\" \\"The Fountain,\\" or \\"Ice Age: The Meltdown;\\" \\"Short Circuit\\" strikes me as being close to average for Blu-ray. One complicating factor is that much of \\"Short Circuit\\" was shot with low contrast, so inherently, its sharpness seems somewhat low.
B000VDDDY6|5.0|I searched at all the major retailers for this particular season and was unable to find it. Amazon was the only place that sold the remastered seasons  la carte (I was able to find seasons 1, 2 and 3 together for an astronomical price). This is the best price by far (about 30% off retail). Just be advised that one side of the DVD is HD DVD, which is not readable on many models of DVD players. If you should encounter problems getting the DVD to play, try turning it over and putting it in the player.
B00168OINK|4.0|This was a nice movie with likable characters but, frankly, I didn't find it anything memorable. Yes, it was beautiful artwork but I read where it was the most beautiful animation ever put on screen, and I didn't find it lived up to that.    I guess my expectations were sky high, which made it almost impossible to meet. The story could have used more laughs, too. I think that was the main thing that slightly disappointed me: the humor was mild, not laugh-out-loud funny.    Having said all that, it was enjoyable and it will put numerous smiles on your face as you watch it. I guess \\"pleasant,\\" \\"agreeable,\\" \\"warm,\\" etc., would be better words to describe the film. It is pretty, too, especially on Blu-Ray. I imagine this looked awesome on IMAX in the theater.    Jack Black does a nice job of voicing the main character, \\"Po,\\" the panda that surprised everyone, including himself, on what he could achieve if he set his mind to it. That's another plus for the film: nice messages.    Kids should like this more than adults but grownups will enjoy it, too.
B00005JKGK|4.0|I found this a wonderful visual movie and a great venue for Chinese-American actresses, all of whom I found fascinating to watch.    With  eight stories woven into this two hour, 19 minute movie. I think it would be understandable if many first-time viewers get a little confused if you don't know the stories or the actors. It also got a little soap-opera-ish, too, but then again, this film was based on a best-selling book that was read primarily by women.    On the second viewing, almost two years later, I liked it a lot more and upgraded my \\"star\\" rating considerably. It's still a \\"chick flick\\" and a feminist one. The young women are that way, the Americanized women, while their mothers, those all born in China, are quite traditional. The older ladies are a bit too strict and their daughters are a bit too liberal. That included general morals and language - a big difference between the two generations and cultures. The feminist angle I didn't like was that in almost every relationship the man is painted as the bad guy (the abuser, the non-loving type, etc.) That kind of story bias was too much.    For me, the best part of the film was the cinematography. There were some beautiful scenes and great colors: bright oranges, yellows, reds and browns. Some of the young women were beautiful, too. The lady narrating in the beginning, \\"June\\" (Melanie Chang as a nine-year-old and then Ming-Na as an adult) was very appealing and had a great voice. Her story is the one that begins and ends the film. That ending, by the way, is almost guaranteed to bring a few tears.
B000AAF1U4|5.0|This is essentially one the funniest animated Disney films of all time.  I bought it for my best friend for her birthday.  She was turning 20.  Enough said.
B000AYEL6U|5.0|I just watched this thru Netfix then I came to Amazon and bought it!! If you love Pride and Prejudice then you will also LOVE this. I cannot wait to receive it and watch it over and over again. The acting is wonderful and so is the story line.
B001ILFUDC|5.0|I just bought Pinocchio for my granddaughter.  She loves all the Disney movies. I just read a review of a retired professor saying that Eisner won't release the Song of the South due to it being NON politically correct.  Well, my little Angel sat on my lap and loved the movie.  My kids loved it when they were her age.  So took NO racial or other implications away from the movie and the word \\"Slave\\" NEVER occurred in the show!  I firmly believe that any small child would love to see this movie and be able to judge it on what they see and not on what we are afraid of them to see.  I can't wait to get Pinocchio for my grandchildren to watch! I hope this lessens the Professors bitterness a bit.  And I am a retired Police Sergeant with nearly 30 years on the job in NY!!!
031606792X|1.0|This is a truly terrible book. I won't go into and list every detail that went wrong- there are simply too many!   The writing in the first 3 books, we all know, was not phenomenal high quality literature, but it was decent and entertaining. The style in this horrendous. SO much dialogue! And not even clever dialogue. Dull, trite and very monotonous.  The characters we've become so attached to are gone. There are characters with the same names, but showing none of the personality traits we expect from them. Edward is almost nonexistent, Bella is now glamorous and coordinated, Charlie doesn't seem to care at all. All terrible.  Every plotline in this book is worse than the one before it. It;s completely anti-climactic.   Bottom line- Don't read it. Really. Read the forst 3 and make up your own ending. I guarantee it will be better and more fulfilling than Stephenie Meyers' atrocity. She should be ashamed to have given this to Twilight fans. Boo Stephenie!  And Renesme? Serioulsy? Come on.
B001N3OCV6|3.0|What a pleasant surprise when I first heard the track of this soundtrack. They have used a WIDE range of genre's. It will be interesting to see what \\"Watchman 2\\" will sound like?
B000MTOLDG|5.0|This is one of the best Motorhead Albums I have ever heard. Having it is a must for any Motorhead fan.
B00127RAJY|4.0|I'm very pleased with this DVD and am happy I purchased it.  I'm just starting to get back into shape so Level 1 is still a bit of a challenge for me.  I love that it gives me room to grow.      I have some complaints though.  The warm-up and cool-down are both lacking but I understand it's because the actual workout is supposed to be short.  I have to find ways to supplement both.  Secondly, I find it awkward to come to a complete stop as Ms. Michaels does in between moves.  I modify this by marching in place or continuing the previous move and fluidly joining it to the next.      Overall, this DVD is well worth the money.  I highly recommend it.
B001KVZ6FC|5.0|Walt Kowalski: I'll blow a hole in your face then go inside and sleep like a baby.<br /><br />Short Attention Span Summary (SASS):<br /><br />1. Walt Kowalski (Clint Eastwood) is a Korean War veteran who worked on the assembly line for the Ford automobile company until he retired.<br />2. Fiercely loyal, patriotic and extremely persnickety, he owns a mint condition 1972 Gran Torino Sport, which is his pride and joy.<br />3. He's a cantankerous old cuss, who doesn't suffer fools, especially the ones he's related to.<br />4. His neighborhood is going to hell.<br />5. Despite his gruff demeanor, Walt gets involved with a couple of gangs while rendering assistance to his Hmong neighbors<br />6. The parish priest and two teenagers finally get him around to at least liking his neighbors a little.<br />7. Things get out of hand between his new friends and a Hmong gang.<br />8. Walt handles things in his own inimitable way.<br /><br />A wonderfully snarly, gnarly performance by the veteran actor, well worth watching not only for the comedic bits relating to race, culture, religion and dysfunctional families, but also the gradual softening of that craggy exterior.<br /><br />Thao Vang Lor: What was it like to kill someone?<br />Walt Kowalski: You don't want to know.<br /><br />Amanda Richards, March 4, 2009
B00008GKEG|5.0|Great stuff.  I was there at the San Diego concert in 1965.  Been a fan since their first record.  What a nice walk down memory lane.  Always pleased with my Amazon purchases.  T. Smith
B00005JA2B|5.0|I bought this on cassette in the 70's because I liked Carry On Wayward Son. Little did I know that this would become one of my favorite bands ever!! Over the years I bought it again on cassette, LP and twice on   CD when the remastered version came out. Those who like this CD will also love Masque which is as good if not better and also their debut CD.
B000000OQY|3.0|In Guns N Roses' second studio album, G N' R Lies, we get a look back at some of their earlier work and get in touch with their more, uh...senstive side.    Side A (tracks 1-4) is a collection of songs that they recorded pre-Appetite for Destruction and released as a \\"live\\" EP.  Live is in quotations because it wasn't really recorded in front of a live audience but audience noise was added later.  There are some decent tracks there, notably \\"Move to the City\\" and their cover of Aerosmith's \\"Mama Kin\\".  \\"Reckless Life\\" and \\"Nice Boys\\" are fun but forgettable.    Side B (tracks 5-8) is the band's attempt at an accoustic set.  This is where the album shines.  \\"Patience\\" is a great follow up to \\"Sweet Child of Mine\\", maybe better.  \\"Used to Love Her\\" is a darkly humerous look at love gone wrong.  \\"You're Crazy\\" is a blusier, slower, rendition of the same song in Appetite.  Finally, \\"One in A Million\\" is another darkly comic song, where Axl expresses his very un-PC issues with minorities, religions and cultures that infiltrate his daily life.  A song that's best played in the safe confines of home and not in public.    The album is enjoyable.  There are few stellar tracks, \\"Patience\\" is maybe the only 5 star song in the album, but there are no songs that make me want to just skip it.  It was a great filler album for GnR fans to listen to as they finished up recording the Use Your Illusion albums, nowadays, it's a nice little chapter in the history of one of the great rock n roll bands of all time.
B00129H7VS|5.0|I actually purchased this item for my fiance. I remembered he has mentioned watching it when it was on HBO and he thought it was the best series ever. We began watching it just myself and him the night we received it. Watched two episodes at a time. I have a 10 year old daughter and she started watching it with us. We found it extremely graphic at times and the fact that it is true stories from men who were there in this terrible war made it always sad. Such a terrible time in our history. I recommend this item, absolutely! I dare you to watch this and not cry.
B001GKJ2DY|5.0|Yes, you can nitpik this movie but why bother when you can sit back and have an absolutely fabulous time with a stellar cast.  This one makes you want to dance and caper around the room all the way through.  Enjoy!!!
B00005JMK0|5.0|Hi    This is not a review.    Just to ask Amazon PLEASE help us get this movie on DVD support !!!    All fans please vote .
158234082X|5.0|Outstanding book.  Anyone who's worked in the food industry can relate to the stories told here.  Amazon, however, is pure scum.  I ordered the book in Novemeber, didn't get it until February(so much for a Xmas present), and only after raising hell, being told I wasn't getting it after months of waiting and calling, being told I wasn't going to be charged for it, and then having the charge show up on my card.  And why should they care?  They're certainly not short on business.  And way to hide your 800 number and then outsource your call center to India.  It's almost cliche' to do business that bad.  Burn in hell.  Sincerely,  Disgruntled Customer  (I repeat, great book. Just go to Barnes and Nobles)
B000X1Z0BU|5.0|Once has to be the best romance movie ever filmed-i cant say enough about it-if you dont have feelings watching it, you dont have a pulse
0061537934|5.0|This book was a joy to read from start to finish. We have lent it out twice and those people all had the same opinion. I don't think any amount of praise is too much.
B001ED7C5I|5.0|This is not as much a protest song as previous songs, but I like the direction she has taken with this latest album.  As usual, vey inventive and intelligent.
0066620996|5.0|I constantly go back and refer to this book when I need some practical advice. Jim is one of the established business leadership writers today.
B001P1FZDK|4.0|A surprisingly good album from AC, a band I've never been able to 'get' up until now.  AC always seemed more like sound artists than musicians.<br />A big part of the change, in my opinion, came with the release of Panda Bear's PERSON PITCH, which I really enjoyed.  It seems that a lot of Panda's musicality carried over to this project.<br />In spite of my early fears, there's not much to say in the negetive about Merriweather Post Pavillion.  Avey's voice, which I usually find annoying, is near perfect here.  I actually like his leads as much, if not more, than Panda's.  Also, there's a wonderful integration of their harmonies this time around.  I won't go over the songs one by one- others have done that already.  This release bears a lot of the familiar AC trademarks: weird, hypnotic chants; drum sequences that feel unquantized, odd instrumentation choices . . . but one thing that is new, and this was the best part for me, was a remarkable sense of grace- and it flows through every song.  I don't know how else to explain it.  It's still AC, but they've taken it all to a completely different level.  Every band has a voice, but not all of them sing.  AC sings beautifully here, in a language I finally understand.
0553260111|5.0|I picked this book out after I had seen and loved the movie.  Immediately Ludlum's description of Jason Bourne throws any mental image you have of Matt Damon away- thank goodness.   Jason Bourne is a man who can't remember who he is or where he's been.  He seems to have much reconstructive surgery all over his body and has the ability to speak in many different languages and engage in various forms of combat, though he has no clue why.   His journey leads him through uncovering conspiracy all the while discovering who he might be.  It is an exciting read and I found myself unable to put the book down.   If you enjoyed the movie you will definitely love the book even though it is vastly different and somewhat dated (1980).  For me this is the ultimate spy novel and peaked my interest in reading more books once again when I finished it.  A classic Ludlum novel and will surely spur readers to read some of his other works as well.  Turn off the TV and read this book!
B001PPGAIA|4.0|As a fan of Baz's \\"Strictly Ballroom\\", I was disappointed to read the reviews of this film as I was set to see it due to the cast and subject.  I just rented it \\"On Demand\\" and really enjoyed it!  Jackman is really eye candy and most enjoyable and Kidman was ok.  I do agree that the chemistry was a bit lacking between them but I find that with anyone paired with Kidman as she isn't one of my favorite actresses.  I loved the little boy and seeing Jack Thompson again was such a treat.  I never was bored with the film and felt it moved right along and yes, the bad guys were a bit over the top but it was OK.  I feel it is worth an almost 3 hour look and certainly makes me NOT want to see north Australia.  A good film and fun.
B001GZ6QEC|5.0|My recent purchuse of The Dark Knight on Blue-Ray disc, was really amazing. The picture, affects and sound were so awesome. I had the DVD of The Dark Knight and than I puchused a Sony Blue-Ray player.. You can really tell a diffence between the DVD and the Blue-Ray.. so Awesome.
B0002NRRAG|5.0|I heard one of her recordings on a smooth jazz station, and was amazed by her clarity her pharaseology and her style and compostion as a musician and song writer. I was pleased with listening to the complete album, so I could enjoy the full content of her talent. I am a fan of classic jazz, and this reminded me of some of the nostalgic work of Billie Holiday. I anticipate more of the same when my ears encounter her melodies in her other recordings.
0316017922|4.0|Gladwell does it again with Outliers, a book to answer all those nagging questions about why you aren't a professional hockey player or a dot com billionaire. An easy read, superficial at times but deep at others.
0312360266|4.0|OK, I join the club.  I read after finishing the Twilight series.  I was looking for something else I could enjoy.  I found it here.    No, Marked is not Twilight, any more than Twilight is Buffy.  They all have vampires, high school and a female lead in common.  Otherwise they are very different.  But all three are enjoyable.    The take on vampyres (as they like to call it here) is very different from the others, but I found it fun.  And I like Zoey - otherwise I could not have made it through.  But I did.  I did not find it predictable and I did find it fun.    A few of the scenes and language are harsher that Twilight - more Buffyish.  So if the reader is too young, somone may have some explaining to do.    Still I enjoyed it...
B00005JMUA|4.0|I dont know why the last dvds I bought doesn't come with the little book inside the dvd case, even without a paper with the episode list or something. That is one of the reasons we buy original dvds.<br />Now regardig the rest of the product. The case with children-lock and the edition are just fine
B001675YQ6|5.0|I thought love and other disasters was funny and witty. Brittney Murphy was a riot. Every character was fun and interesting in their own unique way. The story line was real even though it was a comedy. I would recommend this movie to anyone who loves when harry met sally, sleepless in seattle,or jersey girl with jamie gertz.
B001CD6FKI|4.0|Great movie, dvd case comes with a cardbord case, but it doesn't come with the little book inside. why is this happening. I dont think that the real reason was the saving of paper.
B000SCHC0Q|5.0|Anyone interested in \\"solving\\" the problems of Afghanistan should read this book. The complexities of the region, its various ethnicities and the horrors of the last thirty years will make you weep for the people of Afghanistan.
B001DHXT2A|4.0|The only fact that I dislike of this product is that comes with three discs but the dvd case was made only for two of them. Lack of imagination from who designed it???
0679735909|1.0|I heard great things about Possession. I first learned about it from a reviewer who was commenting on another book. I was intrigued with his description and came here and found more raving reviews. The idea of two scholars sleuthing around university libraries and reading love letters connecting two Victorian poets sounded like a book that would go down as one of my favorites of all time. Unfortunately, I gave up on it after just two chapters.     Giving up on a book is not something I usually do. I have only ever tossed one book aside, but that was a self-published book that was a complete and utter mess. I really tried to love this book, and in theory there is no reason why I shouldn't love it, but I hated it so much I could not bring myself to even make an attempt to like it.      I can't really pinpoint what is so horrible about Possession since i only read two chapters, but I really could not read one more sentence. The first two chapters bored me to tears. I had zero interest in the plot or the characters (dead or alive), and all I could think about was putting this book away and never opening it again.
0312383320|4.0|I've not been a big fan of the between the numbers series.  This is the best of the worst and it was way too expensive.  God bless libraries!<br /><br />I did like E.Bunny and some of the other strange characters that showed up along the way.<br /><br />Worth the reading time, still has the Evanovich humor, but due to the cost probably not a book to be purchased.
B00009V7OL|4.0|I think this is definitely a love it or hate it type movie.  In fact, there is not one moment within this film that I am indifferent about; that I merely like or dislike.  I love the entire beginning and middle and I loathe the ending.  I feel that the pacing is perfect, the acting is spot on, and the storyline is engaging and intriguing and very strongly crafted.  I think that the imagery is startling in a good way and the overall mood created by Cameron's strong direction is flawless.  Then the ending happens and all my love and admiration turns to hatred as I watch a film I was beginning to think was the best of its breed tank into a film that feels forced and rather corny.<br /><br />Why, why, why did they do that to me?<br /><br />Okay, so here's the deal.  The film takes place on a submarine of sorts as a group of petroleum engineers escort a Navy SEAL and his men to recover a nuclear sub that was ambushed and has sunk.  Much like Wolfgang Peterson's brilliantly crafted 1981 drama `Das Boot', `The Abyss' creates an air of claustrophobia within its every frame, catching the audience off guard and keeping them glued to their seats.  Okay, so maybe not everyone is glued.  Some have balked at the films apparent slow pacing, but I feel the pacing is one of the films strongest points.  It helps create that brooding feeling and places the audience in the same confines as our cast.<br /><br />What is also stunning is the way the film has the marvelous way of developing its story without ever feeling like it is moving forward; it's just simply there.<br /><br />I also thought the acting was superb, even from Ed Harris, an actor I often find rather bland and uninteresting.  His chemistry with Mary Elizabeth Mastrantonio is very impressive and very entertaining.  I even liked Michael Biehn, and I ripped him a new one for his uninspired performance in `The Terminator'.<br /><br />Yes, everything about `The Abyss' impresses me until that rather preposterous and laughable conclusion.<br /><br />I don't want to really get into it, because I am not here to spoil the experience for any of you who have not seen the movie.  Some of you may enjoy it or find it inspired or think that it adds a layer of meaning or depth to the film, but I found that depth forced and felt that the film would have benefited from a more ambiguous ending that left the film up to interpretation.  It's funny because about three quarters of the way through the film, actually all the way up to Harris's final decent, I was jumping at the bit to label this the best science fiction film I've seen in a long, long time and then BAM, it hit me like a ton of bricks that it only takes five to ten minutes of poor scripting to ruin a very, very, very good thing.onclusion.<br /><br />I don't want to really get into it, because I am not here to spoil the experience for any of you who have not seen the movie.  Some of you may enjoy it or find it inspired or think that it adds a layer of meaning or depth to the film, but I found that depth forced and felt that the film would have benefited from a more ambiguous ending that left the film up to interpretation.  It's funny because about three quarters of the way through the film, actually all the way up to Harris's final decent, I was jumping at the bit to label this the best science fiction film I've seen in a long, long time and then BAM, it hit me like a ton of bricks that it only takes five to ten minutes of poor scripting to ruin a very, very, very good thing.
B000V86OKG|5.0|I purchsed Dexter: The Complete Second Season after watching the complete first season on DVD.  I got hooked after the first episode, and once the season was through, I was a full-on addict.  When I saw that season 2 was on Amazon, I bought it without hesitation.  My order arrived at my house only 5 days after I had ordered it (very speedy delivery), which was great because I couldn't stop thinking about it.    Some say that the second season was nowhere near as incredible as the first, but I would have to disagree.  The two seasons are completely different.  The first season introduces us to the characters, and gives us a look into Dexter's dark world, whereas the second season warps the lives of our beloved cast into chaos.  The second season is so dramatic.  Each episode out-did the one before.  I cannot wait until season 3 comes out on DVD (of course, I have already pre-ordered it).  For anyone who is reading this and has never seen Dexter, I strongly urge you to pick up the first and second seasons, call out of work for the next few days, and enjoy.  But be sure to pace yourself, because you won't want to finish both seasons and be left with nothing for months(the withdrawals are agonizing).  Also, I tell you this now, you might as well buy both seasons at once because there is no way that you won't love this show.
0061706620|5.0|This book was very interesting, it had alot of lore and backstory. It was cool getting to read John's thoughts, how he sees both Sam and Dean. Whenever he talked about Mary it was heartbreaking. The only problem I had with the book was some of the backstory was a little off show canon. It followed the origins story from the comic books, which wasn't really all that clear. This was a very enjoyable book for any Supernatural fan.
B000E5N62U|5.0|Once again Donald does not fail to please,excellent songwriting and musicianship,a must for all Steely Dan fans.
0810970686|5.0|I bought Diary of a Wimpy Kid: The Last Straw as a Valentine's gift for my eleven-year-old \\"grandson\\" in Texas. He and I had seen it at a big box store near him when I was visiting last month, and he had spent quite a while reading it at the store. He is a reluctant reader, to say the least, so to see him enjoying this book was all the endorsement I needed.
B001PR0XYU|4.0|I got a chance to see this in the theatres thanks to a friend of mine with a sharp eye. It was only released in a VERY limited engagement - in my area, only one theatre ran it for a week. What a shame!  This movie is a must-see for fans of sci-fi movies like the first Terminator, movies like Ice Pirates, or Pitch Black. It has its own wonderful mythology, and the casting is great. Could've seen more of Ron Pearlman, though.  Yes, there are a couple of cheesy moments, but the good stuff far outweighs the bad. Very very enjoyable film. Looking forward to a disc release, and hopefully an extended edition - rumor has it that Weinstein and Co trimmed 15 min off the end to make the movie fit on one less reel, saving money.
B00005JLKB|4.0|I really like Smallville The Complete First Season.  No problems with the video disk.
B00005NGAK|4.0|This show is exactly what I was hoping it would be. It turned out to be a great gift for someone who is interested in dance and performance arts.
B001990LNW|5.0|LOVE IT, WILL REALLY MISS THIS SHOW, CAN'T UNDERSTAND SFIFI FOR THE CANCEL.  THEY DON'T LISTEN TO THE AUDIENCE.
0142407380|5.0|Anthony Horowitz introduces eco-terrorism in \\"Ark Angel,\\" sixth book in the series featuring 14-year-old Alex Rider, spy for M16 of England. Say again? Spy? Fourteen?<br /><br />To be sure, Alex is not a willing spy. No sir! At the end of [[ASIN:0142405787 Scorpia (Alex Rider Adventure)]], Alex is shot by an assassin's bullet and left for dead. No discerning reader for the first second thought Alex dead--there are two more books in the series--but what an ending!! Now Alex is madder than heck and not about to take any more! He never wanted to be a spy and certainly vows vociferously never again!<br /><br />Until. In the hospital where Alex is recovering, there is another teen in the room next to Alex. This teen is son of a billionaire, who is being targeted by eco-terrorists. You see, Nikolai Drevin is building Ark Angel, a hotel in space for the super rich. What better way to punish Drevin than by kidnapping his son and making him pay! Alex thwarts the plan and defeats three experienced killers--believe it or not.<br /><br />Plausibility is Horowitz's secret ingredient in the success of the Alex Rider series. He makes the most outrageous escapades and actions believable!<br /><br />In addition to wild action, Horowitz again introduces a nefarious villain, who is seemingly a crusader for good. What makes Alex so effective as a spy is simple. For various reasons, Alex can get into the inner sanctoriums of these villains, then use his special talents. Just as some people are talented in art, sports, science, writing, Alex is a great responder in emergency situations. His brain goes into overdrive.<br /><br />In \\"Ark Angel\\" Horowitz outdoes himself in the final episode. I won't write a spoiler here, but I will say that Horowitz makes the reader feel exactly what Alex experiences. It is quite unbelievably plausible.<br /><br />I love this series! It will end with the seventh book--[[ASIN:B001H31NFU Snakehead (Alex Rider Adventure)]].
0061124265|4.0|I so much enjoy Paulo Coelho's writing. It's simple, meaningful, and always carries with it a life lesson. What would you do if you knew you had a short time to live? What would you do if you miraculously survived, but weren't sure when you might die anyways? I would definitely get my fill of love and books by Paulo Coelho.
0596009208|4.0|I bought this book as a second reference to the text book required in my class.  The information is in there for sure, but I grew tired of all the cute chatter, and silly filler.<br />The occasional joke, and funny story can help when your brain doesn't want to pay attention, but there's too much in this book.  I grow impatient with so much foolery, and sometimes have had trouble picking up important information because it's lost in a lengthly anecdote.<br />All this has also decreased its value as a reference book as well.  Any information I need is in the book, but sometimes you have to sort through a story, or joke to find it.<br />Having said this, the authors are quite amusing.  It's an entertaining read that doesn't put me to sleep.<br /><br />So if you just want to brush up on forgotten information, or if you're curious about the programming language, then this is a great book.<br />If, instead, you need the information for reference in a book that is not boring and stuffy, then I suggest the \\"for dummies\\" series of books.
0060558121|4.0|I love it when authors can generate rich, believable characters from the ashes of long-forgotten myths and legends. This is my first Neil Gaiman book, but it will definitely not be my last. Although, I have never been interested in mythological gods, Gaiman has placed a spark in me that may blaze into something worth researching. I recommend it.
B001PPGAIA|5.0|Spectacular movie, beautifully acted, incredible scenery and soooooo romantic. Hugh Jackman & Nicole Kidman make a remarkable (and gorgeous)team & bring this epic to life. That little boy was a natural.     Just Who are those critics that knocked this great film and yet praised brutal, volatile, senseless movies like \\"no country for old men\\".  whats wrong with people & critics who glorify vulgar perverted films and slam movies that have beauty and meaning. Sadly, There are too many human rocks.
0316168815|4.0|The idea to have a child's voice, who happens to be on the \\"other-side\\", narrate this book works extremely well. The story behind her death is a terrible one. But what her soul recounts after her death is truly remarkable writing. I definitely recommend this book.
1592332803|5.0|There is a little of everything in here, I've only tried out one recipe and it was great, even my boyfriend who believes there is \\"no life outside of meat\\" loved the cookies.  I can't wait to try more.  Would definately recommend this cookbook.
076790592X|5.0|Mitch Albom is one of those writers that doesn't need to write an epic to get his point across. His books are relatively short but that never takes away from the content. He can jam in quite a bit of goodness into a little paper back book. This book and Five People You Meet in Heaven are very poignant and must reads.
B00004XPPE|5.0|One of my favorite movies and as gripping now as when it was made nearly 50 years ago. No special effects were used or were necessary. The powerful story, convincing dialogue and acting do the job without them - would that more films were like that nowadays!     The end of the cold war may be temporary and, even if it isn't, all those nuclear weapons still exist, will always exist and the numbers of countries with them is increasing. So we all still live with the real threat of atomic annihilation either by an accidental chain of events like those depicted in this story, or by design. One can only hope that when we get to that point, someone as steady as Henry Fonda is in the White House and Larry Hagman is there to translate for him!
0670033049|5.0|I loved this book. It was long and at times just a tiny bit tedious, but the way in which Steinbeck wove the stories, characters, places and time-lines was sheer genius. He is definitely a master at his craft.  He is one of my favorite story-tellers.
B001736FDK|5.0|This series is a must read for all yound adult readers and their parents. This series takes the leap that Harry Potter failed to do by remaining true to the dark roots of the story. Buy all three books at once because you won't be able to stand the suspense.<br />[[ASIN:0451227867 Happy Dog: Caring For Your Dog's Body, Mind and Spirit]]
0812977246|5.0|Fairly standard detective template. Alienated protagonist with his own value system that he adheres to without reward. Fine exegesis of the pre-collapse Soviet Union, and a seemingly realistic picture of life under communism for someone who is neither ideologue nor revolutionary. Kind of a converse of Hammett- even as Marlowe was disillusioned with capitalism but not ready to abandon it, Renko, at least in this opener, is the same with communism.<br />There is less whodunit and more howhedunit with this book, and more mood than plot, but he has an interesting literary device or two. He has the story move along in leaps and then fills in the details after the move, kind of like a knight in chess. At first this was disconcerting, but after a time I began to appreciate it.<br /><br />To sum, five stars may be a bit high, but it was as good a detective novel as any I've read in a while, with a reasonably sympathetic character and with a lot of atmosphere.<br /><br />The review title, if anyone cares, is a weak Seinfeld reference- the bad guys in this novel are more or less international traders.
B0000E6I1J|5.0|super excellent   my heart was thrown wide open listening and singing along with these amazing classics.  especially love Billy Preston's interpitation of \\"Isn't it a Pity\\"
B001P5HI4A|5.0|What a delight to have Barbra giving us the inside scoop about what was obviously one of her most important projects. She put a lot into this movie and the two set DVD gives us a deeper look into the making of the film. An extra 14 minutes is added to the original movie and further scenes which were deleted are part of the special features. Barbra takes us through rehearsels and stagings and as an added bonus puts in her personal feelings about certain scenes. And the movie itself? If anyone has not seen this, do yourself a big favor and buy it. If you like tear jerkers, this one is going to get you really good! I didn't just cry, I practically lost weight convulsing as hard as I did. Barbra is always amazing naturally, but Mandy Patinkin gave the performance of his life and Amy Irving played a steady, dignified and charming woman with exceptional ability. The cast is great, the filming just beautiful with attention to the slightest detail like raindrops on glass in just the way you would expect Barbra to handle it. My very favorite movie from La Streisand!
B000KKPN5C|5.0|The difference between this flash and the on camera flash is dramatic, especially when used as a bounce flash.  I think it is a \\"must have\\" accessory for the D40, especially if you take lots of pictures in less than ideal lighting.  It is well worth the price.
0930289234|5.0|It's hard to believe that there will ever be a graphic novel better than Watchmen. It's even harder to believe that this book was released back in the 80's. Furthermore, I can't believe I have discovered it only recently, about a year ago. Since then, I have read it twice and loved it more each time.<br /><br />What can I say... Moore's story and Gibbons' art have an incredible synergy. It's almost as if they are one and the same person. The plot itself is very mature and totally goes against the very definition of \\"superheroes\\". And that's because the main characters aren't superheroes and they flawed and troubled, living in a world that's heading for swift collapse.<br /><br />My only regret is that there probably won't be another graphic novel that eclipses Watchmen for as long as I live. On the other hand, I know I'll be reading it over and over again.
B0000019PA|5.0|EVERYTHING you read in these reviews are right: from those which analyze to those which praise, to even those which give it 1 star: each sheds some light of truth about this album.  Want to know why?  Here's my anecdotal evidence:    I first heard this on a tape in a weird, older friend's car as they took me to school one morning.  I was 15, it was a long drive, we picked up many people along the way.  I doubt we finished the whole tape, but all I remember was hating it, wishing I was listening to Pearl Jam or Nirvana the whole time, but being afraid to tell the driver it sucked.    At 17 I was a punk rocker, and picked this CD up by accident - intending to purchase a Dead Milkmen's album, but obviously I wasn't so great with band names at the time - I hated it at first, but by the time I sold it along with all my old Nirvana CD's I was slightly hesitant but that voice still drove me crazy, and money was money.    In my first year of college I bought the CD again, at this time I wanted to fit in with the art crowd I had found myself friends with.  None of them knew this band (don't ask me why, they knew a bunch of more obscure bands), and I DID!  So I felt I might have that that artsy-elitist edge over them if I recommended it to them all(sub-conscious feelings mostly, but that's how I'd describe it in retrospect).  While peddling it, I still didn't feel much connection to the music, though I had certainly gained more tolerance to the voice and it was no longer vile to my ears.      Then I had that epic first-serious-(crazy)-girlfriend struggle so many suffer and sold the CD in efforts to buy her stuff to keep her happy.    In the aftermath of the inevitable breakup, I bought this CD again, somehow drawn to it.  This time it meant everything to me, and as I lived alone in a log-cabin for a summer, painting homes...it became my soundtrack to life.  Lost it to the river along with my CD player as I was foolishly Kayaking with headphones.    Bought it again, new apartments, new friends, new roommates, new lover.  Inspiring and beautiful.  I find it most potent in the spring.  Lost the CD again.    Bought it on itunes.  married...life is good...  I-tunes tracks the music we play and CD has been played the most of my huge collection (22.4 days worth of music on my computer, this album has been played 317 times as of writing this).    I guess my point is, I've bought this album at least 4 times, and I wouldn't mind paying for it another 100 times.  If you don't like it, fine,  but instead of selling it or losing it like I did, hold on to it, try listening again when something major happens in your life, you just might find a new depth here, because believe me there is something here.    If I was asked to describe to an alien what art is, what beauty and quality and emotion is, I would hand this album over into their little alien hands and be done with it.
0452289963|5.0|This book is for EVERYONE!  Without a doubt, this book shifted my life.  I have never read a book before and when finished, turned right around and read it a second time...it's that power-filled!  This book was the gift sent out to my friends at Christmas!  If you're just starting the path of self-discovery, it will explain the ways of your past and open up your present mind to new possibilities, and if you've consciously been on your journey of self-discovery, it will remind you of all the beauty the world is unfolding.  If only each and every one of our nations and global Governmental Leaders, Wall-Street Players or Big Corporation Execs were required to read this book...wow, how much more quickly we could all change the tides towards that which is GOOD and finally see PROSPERITY and a HAPPY and JOY-FILLED human existence for ALL.  Buy this book for yourself and a friend...why not buy this book and send it to a Governmental Leader, Wall-Street Player or Big Corporation Executive, and together begin the dialog of POSITIVE change filled with the understanding we are each here not to serve ourselves, but to serve those around us!!!  Thank you Mr. Tolle for hearing the call to write your thoughts into written words...well done!
B000005RXH|4.0|I really believe Indelibly Stamped is the kind of album you need to give a chance by allowing the songs to grow on you.  Some of these songs are extremely unappealing the first time you hear them, giving off a feeling that the band hadn't yet found their songwriting spark they'd have by the time Crime of the Century was created.    However, and this is a BIG however, I found myself really getting into most of the songs after a while, and honestly consider most of side 2 on the same level as the best stuff Supertramp has to offer.  A classic album?  No way, but the flute playing on the closing track is VERY good, and the vocals throughout the album are mostly pretty solid.      There is one problem however- a song called \\"Forever\\" which I truly truly dislike.  I guess every band has that ONE song you just wish they'd never made, and for me, this is that song.    But yeah, the vocal melodies are mostly pretty good and honestly resemble what the band was about to do very soon.  I don't really see the need for much negativity for this album.  It's probably the worst album the band made from their debut all the way to the end of the 70's, but not much a whole lot if you ask me.  Just a fairly weak album as far as songwriting goes.
B00139W3NE|1.0|I was looking forward to watching a movie of this type without the \\"christian\\" overtones and found it to not be that good.  very disappointed with both Nicole Kidman and Daniel Craig but most of all New Line. Meh!
B00000FC5H|5.0|If you aren't a massive EW&F fan but love the singles as I do, well they are all here, look no further. September is one of my all time fave tracks so I really bought this CD for this track alone. As I've gotten older I have developed an appreciation for outstanding intrumental arrangements and EW&F are the masters. Boogie Wonderland and Lets Groove are true classics and standout tracks, theres an outstanding Beatles cover as well!! If you want a taste of some of the best music of the 70s and early 80s, you can't go past EW&F and this CD has all their best tracks - love it!
B000089RV6|5.0|to me,  AC/DC and 3 stooges are alike... IT NEVER GETS OLD!  you can watch and listen to this stuff when you're old enough to walk until the day before its your time and it's ALWAYS good!
B0013D8LCW|5.0|I highly recommend this film to anyone and everyone no matter what your sexual orientation or even if you usually don't go for this genre.  You can tell sometimes tell that it's a little lower-budget because of the cinematography (spelled wrong) but everything else about it is breathtaking - plot, characters, location, etc etc etc.  Don't just rent this for a one-time viewing - buy it.  You won't regret it.
B0015KGJMM|2.0|I'm a huge Jordi Savall devotee and have seen him twice in concert both performing and conducting. I also have many of his recordings.<br /><br />Actually I'm quite disappointed. I'm not fond of the majority of this recording. I had really high hopes.<br /><br />First, the sonics are just fair. I don't doubt that the source recordings were 16bit, 44.1khz (CD quality), as it is harsh and fatiguing. There is nothing warm or inviting about the sound.<br /><br />Second, the tempos are so fast I had to wonder if Jordi actually sat down to actually listen to this. Most movements are so fast as to blur the notes together. Where is the pacing? This is Water Music, not Indi-500 music. It should be languid and fluid and moderately serene at times. It's none of that. I have several recordings of these pieces. I too am a big fan of the Pinnock version and I was hoping for a sonic improvement. It is not, and the arrangements are a huge let down. What's the hurry? No time to savor the notes...
0140281622|5.0|I read \\"The Grapes of Wrath\\" well over twenty years ago, in my first year of college.  It was an eye-opener for me, partly because I had so little understanding of the Great Depression, and the truth and power of the story telling. I'm no Steinbeck fan, having read a few of his other books, and he's too old-fashioned and misogynist for me. But \\"The Grapes of Wrath',again, has that power of truth telling; you feel the pain and suffering of the Depression come to raw life in it. The ending of the book, too, really opened my young eyes to what human suffering really is.
B0012GMXBK|5.0|It was good to listen Udo's tough voice after a long time. He is one of the best rock voice among rock history. I feel some influences of AC-DC, but the sound is just pure heavy metal. This album is one of the their best albums which enhanced their fame in 80's metal and I believe all new rockers should listen it.
B001DDBCUU|5.0|We loved the movie version of Sex in the City last summer, and really look forward to the sequel now in the works.  We have all of the episode sets, and of course, bought the film DVD when it came out.  Our pleasant surprise was the 2nd disc with all the bonus features.  I'm not going to ruin it for you, but this item is worth the purchase JUST FOR the bonus feature disc!  Yes, the movie's very good, too!
1400063515|4.0|This book had not risen to the top of the stack on my night stand until Mr. Moto murmured something about its importance.  My lack of enthusiasm emanated from \\"Fooled by Randomness\\", which I thought was an exceedingly useful concepts but stiff, poorly constructed prose.    So what is my conclusion?  First, the complaints.  The prose seems to have improved but not as dramatically as Mr. Taleb seems to think.  I find his writing style ponderous (maybe pretentious is better) and the evidence of bloated self-esteem inescapable.  He ain't James Grant (which I am reading right now), but he doesn't know it.  I also had the same gut response as I had to \\"Fooled by Randomness\\": He seems to circle.  (This is more common in books than I ever realized; it must be part of efforts to fill the right number of pages, or somethin'.)  He is a student of many things but less of a creator of the ideas than he thinks (again, IMO.)  The reason the arrogance catches my eye is because he is hurling stones (legitimately) at others while unknowingly sitting in a glass house.  (He breaks his own covenants in interviews, for example.)    With all that said, \\"The Black Swan\\" really is a must read and was very enjoyable.  He is a student of history, philosophy, psychology, mathematics, and markets.  He brings these together (along with copious name droppings of intellects from the ages) to tell a compelling story of how rare events are common and consequential.  In essence, there are so damned many rare, unknowable events that they hit us every day.  He scorches Gaussian mathematics.  The notion of a fat tail is dismissed as nonsense because he dismisses the curve on which the tails are supposed to reside.  Gaussians kill.  He really does a nice job of explaining why we are so prone to missing the consequential stuff.  Our profound need to tell a story that makes sense regardless of its correctness--the narrative--plays prominently.  The notion that you cannot see Black Swans coming but you canposition yourself for the unknowable is a critical theme.  I would phrase it something like \\"You do not know if or when an avalanche will commence, but you do not have to ski there.\\"  (He, BTW, would call such an avalanche a grey swan in that it could be anticipated at some level.)  The anecdotes are cute.  At times I could not quite get his drift (snowbank).  Overall, however, even concepts that I understood have been annealed in my brain.      Now, having completed this assessment, I read what others said.  Some things caught my eye, such as reference to \\"the authors repetitive discussion of his theory\\" and \\"smug tone of the authors words.\\"  I was a little surprised by how the idiosyncracies that I picked up seemed to way heavily on the readers comments.
B000WZAE1I|4.0|Many people balk at or are harsher critics of movies based on books. The usual rule is that books are better than the movie. If that's the case here, and I haven't read the book yet so I can't say for certain, then the book must be outstanding indeed! The movie has a playful, yet serious air about it that works very well. De Niro and Pfeiffer are in high form for this movie and Cox and Daines really do a wonderful job of making me believe the characters! Strong does an excellent job with Septimus, although there are times when the dialogue written for Septimus could have been more fluid.
B000000W5N|5.0|Go back about three years before this album was made, and you'll encounter the beginnings of what was to be a five-year, five-album zenith from \\"The Greatest Rock and Roll Band In The World\\": Beggars Banquet.    1971's Sticky Fingers serves as a monumental testament that the Rolling Stones are more than deserving of the often-repeated accolade with a tantalizing blend of in-your-face rock (\\"Can't You Hear Me Knocking\\"), down-home blues (\\"You Gotta Move\\"), and country ballads (\\"Wild Horses\\"). Side one, track one kicks off with a killer classic, \\"Brown Sugar\\" and never comes down after that. The sheer magnitude continues to build through the next track, \\"Sway\\", before they cool out for a bit with \\"Wild Horses\\". Mick Taylor shines brightly in his first full-album debut with the Stones, most notably on \\"Sister Morphine\\", an eerie look into the darkness of drug addiction.     Those who consider themselves a fan of The Rolling Stones (or just music in general) would be foolish to miss out on this gem of an album. The peak would not end here, as 1972 would see the release of another grand classic: Exile On Main St.
B00009YNGA|4.0|Very good service, on time delivery and tracking available. Definately recomend to shop here, saves time, gas, and money!!!!!!!! Keep up the good work.
B0002VEPRQ|5.0|Saw this many years ago and saw something that reminded me about this great Movie sooooo!
B0001906O0|5.0|I absolutely love this, from the moment I got it, I couldn't put the book down. It gave a very detailed insight into how the B-Side tracks showed a different side to the band. And of course the songs are wonderful, as all Robert's music is. A must have for any Cure fan...
B000KN7BOA|4.0|\\"Is it, in fact, unfair to criticize a formerly great artist for his latter day sins?\\"    The above question, put forth by the character 'Barry'(memorably played by Jack Black) in the movie High Fidelity must be considered when analyzing this fantastic debut by The Bee Gees. Arguably, what was accomplished by the Bee Gees in this album leaves one to tear out their hair when they consider what became of them a mere ten years later. Yes, in this case, it is fair to lump a heaping helping of criticism at the Bee Gees for their latter-day sin of selling-out to the \\"Disco Craze\\" of the late 70's(although, admittedly, 'Stayin' Alive' and 'Jive Talking' were pretty incredible).     What is heard on this album is not just good music, but a mere confirmation of what made records of the 60's better than all the rest. 'Bee Gees' 1st' is highlighted by 'New York Mining Disaster 1941' and 'Every Christian Lion Hearted Man Will Show You', along with some other delights such as 'Craise Finton Kirk Royal Academy of Arts' and 'I Can't See Nobody'.    This particular package contains both the stereo and mono recordings of the album(Disc One) in addition to a bonus disc of outtakes and previously unreleased bonus tracks(Disc Two).    Hesitate not, ye grand appreciators of outstanding music. Get this album.
B001GKJ2FM|5.0|I loved this movie!  It is funny, corney and heart warming.  Be prepared to laugh.  The movie arrived timely and in great shape.
B001G5ZKZS|5.0|This probably is the best of the four Rush DVD sets out there.  It has a strong sampling from throughout their history, and nearly 75% of the material from Snakes and Arrows.  This show also seems to have the most enjoyable camera tracking with some great sweeping shots of the show.  The concert itself is well worth the price, but the short film and the out-takes from the show and short film are icing on the cake.  If you like Rush at all, pick this one up.
B000N3ST3Y|2.0|I am not really impressed with this CD, the content  nor the sound quality, but perhaps die-hard fans  of the band will like it.
B001BPJJ9G|5.0|I really cannot recommend this film highly enough.  It will make you laugh, cry, and shake your head in utter amazement at its sheer visual beauty!  Catinca Untaru is one of the best child actors I have ever seen, and Lee Pace is wonderful as an injured Hollywood stuntman who befriends the little girl and tells her stories to pass the time while both are in the hospital.  We hear the stories in his words but see them as she imagines them.  This is definitely a DVD worth owning.  I have already watched it, shown it to friends, and given it as a gift, several times and am sure I will want to watch it many more times in the future.
0061245097|5.0|I enjoyed this one just as much as the others in her series. Great book.
B0002Y4T92|5.0|This is an excellent 2 disc dvd guitar festival full of allstar guitarists. I liked the way they had a large replica of Stevie Ray Vaughan's Guitar displayed on the side of the stage (on the right). This one has been reviewed quite extensively, so I'll just point out a few things, that I really liked. I liked all of it from beginning to end!!!    Some highlights I liked include: \\"Six Strings Down\\" by Eric Clapton, Robert Cray, Robert Randolph, & Jimmie Vaughan, \\"Sweet Home Chicago\\" by Eric Clapton, Robert Cray, Buddy Guy, Hubert Sumlin, & Jimmie Vaughan, \\"I am a Man of Constant Sorrow\\" by Dan Tyminski & Ron Block \\"the Soggy Bottom Boys\\" from the Movie \\"O Brother, Where Art Thou\\", \\"After Midnight\\" by J.J. Cale & Eric Clapton, \\"Call Me the Breeze\\" by J.J. Cale & Eric Clapton, \\"Funk 49\\" & \\"Rocky Mountain Way\\" by Joe Walsh, \\"LaGrange\\" & \\"Tush\\" by ZZ Top.    This is a great festival, and for a great cause (the Crossways Addition Recovery Center). I highly recommend this one. Thanks!!!!
B00005OWEG|4.0|A more complete, darker version than the original, edited release.  The shorter version actually seems more cohesive.  The original release is one of my all time favorites, and perhaps the better film.  This version is historically interesting.
044661758X|5.0|A civil lawsuit is brought against Detective Harry Bosch for the wrongful death of a man that Harry believed to be a serious criminal. Harry had no doubts that the man was the rapist and murderer he was investigating -- until a new body is found and it matches the killings Harry thought he had stopped. Is there a copycat killer who somehow knows intimate details of the prior murders, or did Harry kill the wrong man?     This is the third Harry Bosch book and it is easily the best so far. I loved the duality of the investigation and the trial. I will admit my bias due to my interest and training in law, but I found it very interesting how Connelly developed the court case. Another factor that may have contributed to my enjoyment was that when Harry was in court he was vulnerable. And a vulnerable Harry Bosch is a better read than a Harry Bosch who is always in charge -- he often gets too over-the-top cowboy in those situations and it becomes unrealistic (see my review of Harry Bosch #2 - The Black Ice).     One thing that I like about Michael Connelly is how well he writes frustration. I find that many other authors who write serial detectives will always have them unsure of a situation to keep the story believable, but with those other authors you never really get a sense that the bad guy might get away. Granted, there are times when Connelly gets away from this, but I have already detailed that for you.     I'm through three Harry Bosch books now and they seem to be written more quickly than I read them (I don't like to read a series back-to-back), but I am still interested enough to try to catch up. And if the others are as good as this one, that catching up will be well worth my time.
0679809015|4.0|bought for our 17 month old son, he loves some of the pages, but very tiny book
B00006CXSS|5.0|I loved this series. I learned more about wwII than i did in school.  I really liked the interviews with the actual survivors of Easy Company.  This series is very well put together. I would recommend this series to any one that wants a better understanding of WWII.
B000M9BPEY|3.0|I simply loved this movie and I had to own it on Blu Ray... or so I thought.  I actually didn't even bother to read any of the reviews before I got it... I bought it on a stupid whim.  I mean, the movie is still awesome... but the image quality is poor.  There's little difference between the DVD version of it and the Blu Ray one...<br /><br />I hope they re-release it in high quality as it deserves to be in full HD awesomeness.
B001Q1QF2O|5.0|I love this girl. The music sounds so pop, but her lyrics are so witty.
B000002J1U|3.0|There are a couple really good songs on here (Immigrant Song and Gallows Pole) but can't really get into much else.  Its NOT that they are mellow like some people seem to imply, just not my favorite Zep - all of their other early albums are better I, II, IV, etc.  The sound of this one IS quite different from other Zep - I would say this is safe to skip for most people unless you are a hard-core fan.
B001LF4IA6|1.0|This is Brendan O'Brien's Working on a Dream. That is what this CD should be called. This is not Bruce Springsteen and the E-Street Band. It is Brendan O'Brien and the nowhere to be heard E-Street Band. I think O'Brien has brain-washed Bruce into writing terrible lousy muddy sounding songs. I can't listen to Magic or Devils and Dust....the sound is terrible. Bruce producing himself on The Seeger Sessions sounded so much better.
B0013ND30M|5.0|This item was shipped very quickly and was in excellent condition. I highly recommend this seller!!!
B000022TSW|5.0|I love this movie. It is great and creative and genius. I highly recommend this movie to anyone who loves to laugh. Good luck buying!
B0002Y4TOM|3.0|\\"The Gilmore Girls\\" is an excellent show, full of fast, witty dialogue and pop culture references you either get or don't get (I was rather proud of myself when I understood every reference they made in the third episode of this season.)  That being said, I have no problem with the show itself in this season.    However, the discs have a tendency to pause for a second or two at least three times during each episode.  I find this to be irritating, but not bad enough to return the product.    Overall, this is a great show that was put on not so great DVDs.
1596680199|5.0|This books is simply fantastic. It's quite comprehensive and offers some amazingly eye fooling techniques. Carol's Faux Abalone is simply the best I've ever seen. The book is well conceived, written and laid out. It's a wonderful resource even if you aren't making beads. It's a definite go to manual for many universal and new techniques that anyone can run with in their creative endeavors. Carol Blackburn outdid herself with this one. I'd highly recommend this book to anyone who does clay, or any creative pursuit.
185326895X|4.0|The book was just what I needed, but the shipper Sucks,took 10-14 days for book to arrive after it was ordered and this was after I paid for express shipping. (Didn't know that meant Pony Express).
0345495004|4.0|From the very start you get involved in the lives of Frank and Mamah and there constant yearning to do the right thing for their time, but, needing, wanting, to the only thing their hearts would accept.  This book is moving and lovely.  You go on an adventure that is timeless even though it is written in the early 1900's.  GREAT book and hats off to a wonderful debut novel!
B00065MDSQ|5.0|LAST ALBUM AND THEIR BEST.
B00005YXZH|5.0|excellent condition, arrived promptly.  Very disappointed with swearing on the album...would like to return for this reason or exchange am not sure if that is possible would make me a very satisfied customer.  Contact me!
B00005JG6Q|5.0|Akira is one of the best anime movies that I have ever seen. I originally saw it in some hotel room a very long time ago when I was probably eleven or twelve years old when we went on some family trip. Ever since I saw it I knew that someday I would own it somehow. I had seen it on DVD a couple time before but it was just too expensive at the time. Everything about this sale went perfectly. I bought the movie, the price was very reasonable and I had it in my hands within a reasonable wait period. I am 100% satisfied with my purchase and hope to keep this DVD for as long as I possibly can!
B0017ZB8M6|5.0|Love, love, love the entire CD, can't stop listening to it. I made everyone I know check it out because is so good. Defenetly a chick CD but full of fun and creative songs. The songs get stuck and your head and are super fun. Katy Perry out did herself with the entire CD being so good. I defenelty recommended. It's hot, sexy, catchy and absolutely worth the purcahse. I just love it.
B0000AQS0F|4.0|A realistic story of survival at the space level is a very earthy drama for fans of extended stories.<br /><br />Not clear final hints on possible continuation, probably.
0471463396|5.0|Absolutely right, buy strong companies for cheap.  Problem this year, of course, is that they still keep getting cheaper, so my timing has been off a lot. Nonetheless it's the right system.  Now if we could only foretell the bottom....
0312370849|5.0|This book was excellent,could not put it down.  I knew nothing about this event until I read this book   I did my own Historical research after reading Sarah's Key.  I felt I knew Sarah personally. Excellent.
B001PJ7TUE|4.0|I'm a huge Prodigy fan and have been waiting an extended amount of time for this release.  I figure with 4+ years to create some tracks, Liam would deliver an album that would be innovative and you'd never want to put the album down.  Either my expectations are too high ot Liam didn't fully deliver.      Overall, the album is very good.  \\"Invaders Must Die\\" is a perfect opening track and is what I expect.  Hard hitting beats, a perfect guitar rift, and some creepy vocal drops.  \\"Omen\\" is a great second track and when hearing it, it's obvious you've found yourself fully into a Prodigy album.  \\"Thunder\\", with the occasional chopped up beats and one heck of a hook continues what looks like a masterpiece album in the making.       To me, \\"Colours\\" sounds like it took them 5 minutes to make.  It gives me headache.  This is the point where the album begins to change it's tone.  While \\"Take Me to Hospital\\" is an excellent track, this is where you can tell the innovation and creativity begin to erode and you begin your slippage into \\"Experience Updated\\"     \\"Warriors Dance\\" is good and a nice last gasp of the album that could have been. From here on out it's \\"Experience Updated\\" and I can't tell the difference from one track to another.  \\"Experience\\" was a great album, but that was 15 years ago.  Electronic music is recycled enough.      After 15 minutes of whatever, a pretty nice gem pops up at the end.  \\"Stand Up\\" is either to force you to listen to the end, or to make you frustrated that Prodigy didn't connect the dots between it and \\"Take Me to The Hospital\\" and it.      I'll be playing \\"Invaders Must Die\\" for months.  I'm just going to make sure to dump the recycle bin out.
B001LMU182|4.0|Yes thats right 10 years old, i watched the vhs copy of this in 1994. Had no idea what kind of cartoon it was just thought the front cover looked cool LOL. After watching it i was like \\"woah\\". I mean the only other cartoons i had watched were disney, thundercats, transformers etc. This shocked me deeply as a kid, but i LOVED it, actually inspired me to want to become an artist. I had never seen anything like it before. Liked it so much i begged my mum to buy the video for me hahaha ( good ol mum )     And now 15 years later i have picked up the blu-ray copy, WOW the animation rebuff is incredible, never thought i would view akira in such stunning format. The only problem i found with this release was the exclusion of the streamline dub (which i find others on here feel the same). As i was saying before about my childhood experience watching the film, i really connected in a way listening to those voices for the characters, hearing the new pioneer dub absolutely killed my feeling and care for the characters. Yes it is a better dub in the case of mouth sync, but after having the streamline dub from 1990 (or whateva) up until 2001 , you would have so many people who would have become used to hearing the streamline (like me) and then hearing these unfamiliar voices thinking \\"is this the same movie?\\"     Anywayz a good purchase for a long running akira fan !!
0375842209|5.0|Zusack sums the book up appropriately:  \\"It's just a small story really, about among other things: a girl, some words, an accordionist, some fanatical Germans, a Jewish fist-fighter, and quite a lot of thievery. . . .\\"    The story takes place in Molching, Germany and centers around Liesel Meminger.  Liesel is a foster child and goes to live with the Hubermanns.  Rosa Hubermann is a very gruff woman, prone to calling people Saukrel (filthy pig), though oftentimes this is a term of endearment when used on her loved ones.  Hans Hubermann is much more subdued and is instrumental in Liesel's transition into the Hubermann household.  He's there for her whenever she needs him and she is proud to call him Papa.    The Hubermanns are poor, as are the rest of the inhabitants on Himmel Street.  Liesel and her best friend, Rudy, take to stealing to get enough to eat.  Stealing is how Liesel discovers her love for words, and how she earns the title, The Book Thief (for she steals books more than anything else).      Though it's set during WWII in Germany and deals with the Nazi's and the Holocaust, the story is really about a little girl and her struggles, her love for words, her love for the people in her life, and how books help her cope with everything.      One of the great things about the book is Zusack's writing style.  It flows beautifully like poetry in motion.   I also love the fact that the story is narrated by Death.  I won't give it away, but the ending scene's as told by Death had me crying.  It was a beautiful ending to a beautiful story.
B001BWDG0W|2.0|I love ABBA, and I loved the musical STAGE rendition of 'Mama Mia', so I was excited with the film.    Unfortunately, while the movie itself was decent, the vocals in this film did not live up to my hopes. The songs feel lifeless and forced, so unlike the original ABBA recordings, especially when it comes Pierce Brosnan. He sounds like he's in pain while singing, and, frankly, a poor choice for a musical role. Some songs aren't too bad, but overall, it's pretty lackluster. If you like ABBA, I'd recommend buying their Gold: Greatest Hits album instead of this CD.
0375507256|5.0|I don't often submit reviews although I am always reading one or two books at any time.  Cloud Atlas is one of the most challenging books I have read in years. It is a visionary view of where our future may take us with twists and turns deserving of a mystery novel. I read it once on my own and recommended it to our book club and reread it to savor the style and language. Don't be put off when starting.  If you stick with it your time will be well rewarded.
B001GZ6QC4|2.0|I found Heath Ledger's performance to be very tedious and obnoxious, and the storyline took a sudden and inexplicable downward plunge in the last quarter of the movie.  I turned it off and have no further interest in it.  Very, very disappointing considering all the hype.  I would have given it only one star if Christian Bale's performance hadn't been so good.
0143036556|2.0|This book was assigned to me for a course in Sustainability, it brings you through thousands and thousands of years of collapsed societies based on five main points. It was the same story over and over about a different society. The whole book was very dull and despressing. Very few interesting facts, wasn't written too long about but feels out dated.
B001PJ7TUE|4.0|There is something not quite right about this new Prodigy album, and even with that quirk, this is still a stellar electronica release. It isn't as obvioulsly influenced by pop as their last album was but it also lacks that hardcore nature from all their previous work. For some reason, this album seems a little bit tamed... and I think that the sole reason for this is the fact many of the songs employ an \\"arcade game\\" style of sound effects. I suppose it is fitting that Atari's \\"Space Invaders\\" comes to mind considering the title of the album, but when the style gets over done it can get a little bit tedious.   That is my only complaint with this album and as I mentioned, it is a really small flaw as my love of the electronica genre pretty much assists me in getting over the little things and getting right down to enjoying the fun the music has to offer. While it isn't as hardcore as previous work, this album is certainly more fun. Many of the songs suck you right in and spin you around with a bombardment of ADD beats and bass. This proves to be an excelent CD for a car ride. Of the tracks, thus far the title track and \\"Omen\\" are my favorites though I also really enjoy \\"Take Me to the Hospital\\". None of the other songs are throw away songs by any means (although \\"Thunder\\" sounds like a subdued rehash of their last album's \\"Memphis Bells\\" which irritated me just a smidge...)  Ultimately, this album is mostly what I expected from a Prodigy album and I am quite excited by their return (as well as Keith Flynt) This will more than likely be in my car CD player for quite some time.
B000VPPMXO|5.0|This item works in keeping your roomba in a contained space/rooom, just remember roomba will only work with 3 of these at a time.  I did not know that until after I had purchased a total of 4 lighthouses.
B0002KVULG|5.0|This is one of the greatest Dracula movies and Langella is very handsome and believeable.  I highly recommend this DVD to any Dracula fan.
B0000AQS6R|5.0|This is part of our family tradition.  Clark Griswold and his family are a great way to enjoy your holidays.  Clark sets the standard for the ultimate Christmas spirit.  This is Chevy Chase at his prime.  The humor and story can be understood and appreciated by a wide range of personalities.  Bottom line, sit back throw a log on the fire, and get ready to laugh at and with the Griswold family.
B001E7OO2I|5.0|This is a GREAT CD.  If you like John Legend, this is a MUST for your collection.  You should all buy it, I am addicted to tracks #10 and 11,  I can listen to them nonstop!!!  The CD was sent to me in great shape and is also quality!!!
B001L5SXQG|3.0|Loved Bruce since the 70's. Have everyone of his albums & a ton of bootlegs. The Guy has the gift. Not too many artists have it , but Bruce does. This album is not my favorite But the wrestler & outlaw Pete  Stands out. Bruce, you can do better. There is not too much emotion is this album, it's different. Maybe I'm asking too much. I'll still buy them all. The guy is still gifted & I guess you have to have a stinker every now & then.
0307455874|5.0|President Obama has anticipated correctly most of the challenges facing someone who wants to be responsible for his thoughts, feelings and actions.   I hope that we can all identify with his facing the challenges.    Victor Frankl wrote that we have a statue of Liberty on the East Coast, and we need a statue of Responsibility on the West Coast. I heartily concur. As does Obama, it appears, strongly.
B000J0NIIW|5.0|I've seen a lot of bad reviews about this product not lasting. It may be a fluke, but mine is 3 years old and still going strong. I use it all the time (ceramic kitchen floor only- never used on carpet) and never have had a problem. And, here is the crazy thing, I leave the battery in the charging base for DAYS at a time (which you are NOT supposed to do). My mother is a teacher and owns two Swivel Sweepers so she can have one at school and home. She too LOVES hers and they've lasted a couple of years so far.  The product is a bit loud, but that has never bothered me.
B000MR9D5E|5.0|I returned the Discovery checannel version (narrated by Sigourney Weaver) as soon as I saw that there was a David Attenborough version. It is so much better!!
B001TOD92C|1.0|Most reviews of this movie speak in superlatives, even the major newspapers. I must differ. For me, this praise shows how far we have fallen as a culture. We seem to no longer remember or appreciate movies with subtlety, intelligence, beauty, wit, grace, a good script, or good photography. None of these are in evidence in \\"The Wrestler\\". Instead we are given endless, overly long scenes of profanity and violence. It's geared to the lowest common denominator, as so many movies are today.  Those who buy jeans with holes and dirt already manufactured in will probably think the movie is \\"cool\\". Regarding the protagonist, we should know by now if one leads a life full of stupidity and bad decisions, the outcome will be bad. Like, duh. So I won't dignify the movie with learned analysis, as so many misguidedly have. I might as well write a tome on Jack and the Beanstalk. Even the production quality of the movie was poor, with a grainy and shaky image (at least as I saw it in the theater; I haven't seen the DVD, so I can't speak to that). There have been many prize-fighter movies with great dramatic quality, but this is not one of them. For example, \\"Champion\\", staring Kirk Douglas, was one such movie among others. Another would be \\"The Harder They Fall\\". I would rate those 4-5 stars. The vast majority here gave the movie 5 stars. When you think back to all of the truly 5 star movies of the last 60 years, do you honestly think \\"The Wrestler\\" belongs in that league?  What? Actually have dialog with depth, subtlety or wit ?(i.e., something beyond grunts and trailer park profanity). Can't have that! Just have violent scenes interspersed with grunge for a couple of hours and everything is great! That's the formula for today's movies. I attribute the many 5 stars given to this movie to the long-term coarsening and dumbing-down of our society. Young people don't know any better because they are immersed in it from birth. That deadens their appreciation for anything more refined. They are not aware of the longer term descent of art and culture. Much the same could be said of today's music. Take away good melody and harmony, and what is left?
0312330537|5.0|This book is absolutely fantastic.  At over 900 pages it's daunting, but pulled me in from page one.  It's a story about love, crime and life in Bombay.  The kind of story that makes me ache to finish it, and feel loss when I do.
3822817015|5.0|Wonderful book! Tells a good deal about the main artists who painted pin-up girls and show a lot about their work. The pictures are beautiful and good source of inspiration. It's a real pleasure to go about it's pages and catch the spirit of the real paintings from years ago. It's a book for those who appreciate good quality items.
0060899190|2.0|The artwork on many of the postcards was intriguing, evocative, and perfectly-suited to the secret. The secrets were, however, far more often than not depressing or worrisome.  While the writers of the secrets may have felt released by sending them off (and that fact is itself debatable), I felt weighed down by knowing their secrets. Additionally, I felt a little manipulated in that we have no way of knowing if the secrets are real or fiction -- did at least some of these writers create secrets in the hope of eliciting sadness and concern in the readers? We have no way of knowing and that ambiguity leads to my ambivalence.
B001PJ7TUE|5.0|Should I even bother covering this? It's not like Liam needs my help. His 5th studio album, Invaders Must Die, barely hit the streets, and already all of the notable publications have lauded this long awaited album with more than favorable reviews. It's not like Liam needs my words to boost his career, although it's been five years since his last album, Always Outnumbered, Never Outgunned (XL, 2004). And I do mean - his. Besides what you may hear or believe, the man... the only man... the musical genius, The Prodigy, is Liam Howlett. Yet while the words pour in, the shouts and murmurs accelerate in frequency, and a stack of promos from independent labels and unknown artists grows on my desk, here I am... writing about the album. I think the reason behind it is simple. And my woofers can attest. Invaders Must Die is a slam dunk. Period. No, it's not the anticlimactic return of the artist who blew out the speakers of my first owned car with Experience (XL, 1992). It's not the attempt of reinvention of the incredibly powerful and unprecedented underground sound of Music For The Jilted Generation (XL, 1994). It's not even the post-script of the pop-rising and slightly weathered return of The Fat of the Land (XL, 1997). While the rest adapt, remix, rinse, spit and swallow, Howlett bursts our comfort membranes with his own masterful style. Pop! Invaders Must Die opens up with a title track slamming into your face with saw toothed synths, distorted guitars, and extreme precision rhythmic programming of the genre that was invented by the man himself. Oh please, please, please let the album be as good as the first track! And so it goes! A collection of eleven songs [I'll call'em songs since some have the lyrics in that famous Prodigy style], pushes and jolts your brain as if strapped to a hot electrode until the very end. Acoustic drums are compressed and mashed up into pounding big beats, with deep riding bass lines, occasionally cut with a flashback to The Prodigy's older tracks. My favorite, of course, are the re-sampled old-skool rave stabs, which are implanted in my memory and in the history of Electronic Music. Here, Howlett skillfully wraps all the elements into a radio hit format, which no doubt will top the UK charts. Quick nod to Take Me to the Hospital, a  sub-label of London based Cooking Vinyl, specifically created to put out this, and possibly other upcoming releases by The Prodigy. Although, as I said, all of the music is all Liam, the two original members of the act, Keith Flint and Maxim Reality, return, no doubt to wreak havoc on the upcoming UK arena tour with some support from Dizzee Rascal and Fight Like Apes. If you are a collector of all EPs, offshoots, and limited goodies, you absolutely must get the Omen EP where Noisia contributes a sick drum'n'bass remix. Play it loud!tracks. My favorite, of course, are the re-sampled old-skool rave stabs, which are implanted in my memory and in the history of Electronic Music. Here, Howlett skillfully wraps all the elements into a radio hit format, which no doubt will top the UK charts. Quick nod to Take Me to the Hospital, a  sub-label of London based Cooking Vinyl, specifically created to put out this, and possibly other upcoming releases by The Prodigy. Although, as I said, all of the music is all Liam, the two original members of the act, Keith Flint and Maxim Reality, return, no doubt to wreak havoc on the upcoming UK arena tour with some support from Dizzee Rascal and Fight Like Apes. If you are a collector of all EPs, offshoots, and limited goodies, you absolutely must get the Omen EP where Noisia contributes a sick drum'n'bass remix. Play it loud!
0671015206|4.0|This was an easy book to read.  Well written, easily understood and appropriate examples.  It was a little heavy on statistics though.  Lots of charts of percentages.  Sentence after sentence stating the percentage of this and that.  That was the only really issue I had.  Otherwise, I would have given it five stars.
B001PA65VC|5.0|Should I even bother covering this? It's not like Liam needs my help. His 5th studio album, Invaders Must Die, barely hit the streets, and already all of the notable publications have lauded this long awaited album with more than favorable reviews. It's not like Liam needs my words to boost his career, although it's been five years since his last album, Always Outnumbered, Never Outgunned (XL, 2004). And I do mean - his. Besides what you may hear or believe, the man... the only man... the musical genius, The Prodigy, is Liam Howlett. Yet while the words pour in, the shouts and murmurs accelerate in frequency, and a stack of promos from independent labels and unknown artists grows on my desk, here I am... writing about the album. I think the reason behind it is simple. And my woofers can attest. Invaders Must Die is a slam dunk. Period. No, it's not the anticlimactic return of the artist who blew out the speakers of my first owned car with Experience (XL, 1992). It's not the attempt of reinvention of the incredibly powerful and unprecedented underground sound of Music For The Jilted Generation (XL, 1994). It's not even the post-script of the pop-rising and slightly weathered return of The Fat of the Land (XL, 1997). While the rest adapt, remix, rinse, spit and swallow, Howlett bursts our comfort membranes with his own masterful style. Pop! Invaders Must Die opens up with a title track slamming into your face with saw toothed synths, distorted guitars, and extreme precision rhythmic programming of the genre that was invented by the man himself. Oh please, please, please let the album be as good as the first track! And so it goes! A collection of eleven songs [I'll call'em songs since some have the lyrics in that famous Prodigy style], pushes and jolts your brain as if strapped to a hot electrode until the very end. Acoustic drums are compressed and mashed up into pounding big beats, with deep riding bass lines, occasionally cut with a flashback to The Prodigy's older tracks. My favorite, of course, are the re-sampled old-skool rave stabs, which are implanted in my memory and in the history of Electronic Music. Here, Howlett skillfully wraps all the elements into a radio hit format, which no doubt will top the UK charts. Quick nod to Take Me to the Hospital, a  sub-label of London based Cooking Vinyl, specifically created to put out this, and possibly other upcoming releases by The Prodigy. Although, as I said, all of the music is all Liam, the two original members of the act, Keith Flint and Maxim Reality, return, no doubt to wreak havoc on the upcoming UK arena tour with some support from Dizzee Rascal and Fight Like Apes. If you are a collector of all EPs, offshoots, and limited goodies, you absolutely must get the Omen EP where Noisia contributes a sick drum'n'bass remix. Play it loud!tracks. My favorite, of course, are the re-sampled old-skool rave stabs, which are implanted in my memory and in the history of Electronic Music. Here, Howlett skillfully wraps all the elements into a radio hit format, which no doubt will top the UK charts. Quick nod to Take Me to the Hospital, a  sub-label of London based Cooking Vinyl, specifically created to put out this, and possibly other upcoming releases by The Prodigy. Although, as I said, all of the music is all Liam, the two original members of the act, Keith Flint and Maxim Reality, return, no doubt to wreak havoc on the upcoming UK arena tour with some support from Dizzee Rascal and Fight Like Apes. If you are a collector of all EPs, offshoots, and limited goodies, you absolutely must get the Omen EP where Noisia contributes a sick drum'n'bass remix. Play it loud!
0060594896|5.0|This is the best self-improvement book EVER.  If you do what Jack Canfield says...you WILL be successful in business and life.  The best life instruction...it makes you really look deep inside and decide what you really want and how to achieve it.  Read it..Do it...it will change your life!!<br /><br />Sara Jones<br />Regional Vice President<br />Arbonne International<br />Midlothian, Texas
B001MYIQFE|1.0|This \\"audiophile\\" CD is amazingly full of errors- the original flow of the album, as intended by producer Robert John Mutt Lange and the Cars has been ruined by sloppy mastering. On the original vinyl, cassette, and CD, the songs went one right after another with no gaps. In this version, the mastering engineer, Steve Hoffman, decided to put gaps between the tracks, making this \\"Heartbeat City by Steve Hoffman featuring the Cars\\". Also, this disc is labeled as an \\"HDCD\\", which stands for high definition CD. Some higher-end players can play these discs back with a little clearer sound. Well this disc is semi-HDCD, as during playback the HDCD light on my Denon 3910 went out near the end of several songs, sometimes adding an audible click.  I also tried my friend's Oppo, and it did the same.  As for the packaging, the lyrics came with the original versions, but missing on this one. Not very good quality control.
B000P12LWY|5.0|I have long been a fan of Medieval history from King Arthur to the Tudors reigns are one of my favourite eras, love the whole knight in shining armour thing.  I saw this first on local television and absolutely loved it - so got the DVDs - Season 1 and 2 (so far).    I'd have read enough to know there would be inconsistancies but that aside it is still entertaining to watch.
0307346617|4.0|World War Z is a novel by the author of \\"The Zombie Survival Guide\\".  Less tongue in cheek than this predecessor, it chronicles worldwide events during the World War between humans and zombies.  The zombies have taken over many parts on earth but humans are certainly not going down without a fight.<br /><br />This novel has an unconventional structure, basically it's narrated by a journalist, who travels the world to interview survivors and people in the military ranks.  Each chapter takes place in a different part of the world and describes how the plague started and what the interviewee did to escape and survive.<br /><br />This non-linear thread works to a certain degree.  It's certainly fascinating to read about what different parts of the world have done to fight the zombie plague and their different methods.  The Japanese reacted very differently from the Americans, and from the Cubans, and the North Koreans, etc.<br /><br />This is not simply a mindless zombie gore novel but much more.  It's certainly a thinking man's zombie novel.  Many chapters give in-depth detail about military, scientific and political procedures, which can be challenging for a novice reader.  Those who like a bit more thinking to their zombie novels will no doubt appreciate this though.<br /><br />If there's one main flaw in the novel, it's that each chapter (never usually more than 10 pages each) follows a different character that we never meet again in the novel.  This makes it that we never really connect properly with each character, in the way you would with a full-length novel.<br /><br />However, these are just minor problems, if you take it for what's it's worth, \\"World War Z\\" is a very entertaining novel and most fans of post-apocalyptic fiction will probably love it as much as I did.
B000007VFU|5.0|The vinyl From The The Capitol Vaults has a beautiful cover and final art. It's great!
B001EC9V58|5.0|To most self-respecting horror fans, the shaky web-cam style is usually a recipe for disaster.  The horror films using that style that have come in the wake of the classic Blair Witch Project film in the late 90's have mostly been panned and for good reason.  Even our beloved George Romero, a horror icon who could do no wrong, ended up disgusting most of his fans when he employed the technology to lay the only goose egg in his illustrious career, last year's dreadful \\"Diary of the Dead\\".  But along comes \\"Rec\\", a Spanish chiller that inspired the American remake \\"Quarantine\\".  Regardless of any discussions on the shaky-cam style of filmmaking, this is one of the better horror movies of recent years.  And that is an impressive achievement indeed.<br /><br />At the beginning of \\"Rec\\" we follow around an attractive reporter named Angela and her colleague cameraman Pablo, who are filming segments for a weekly show they put on entitled \\"While you're Asleep\\".  This week's segment is to gain an inside look at the fireman profession.  They go to the station and interview firemen on the ins and outs of their profession.  Then the call comes.  A \\"situation\\" at an apartment complex that needs immediate rescue attention.  Angela and Pablo follow the firemen into the building and uncover a horrific situation where a woman bites off the face of a police officer.  Carnage ensues as more people become infected with this strange disease, turning them into ravenous flesh eaters.  The tenants and everyone try to escape the building, but they can't.  They have been quarantined inside by health authorities fearful that the disease will spread.<br /><br />Why is \\"Rec\\" such a cut above all the other hand-held camera horror films?  Well, let's start off with the camera itself:  the picture is clear, of good quality and not amateurish.  For the most part it doesn't spin around nearly as much as other films like this, that can induce nausea watching it in a movie theatre.  But what mostly makes Rec a winner is its amazing sense of pacing and controlled intensity.  There are scenes so intense they left me on the edge of my seat with my jaw open in awe.  But without overdoing this, we are given breaks in between attacks, where the apartment tenants, and us the viewer, get to catch our breath.<br /><br />I also didn't have trouble buying into the concept the cameraman would keep filming even though he's amidst all this carnage; him and the female newscaster have proven to us that they're intent on delivering their audience the inside scoop no matter how exploitative the contents.  I don't want to say more as to spoil the film, I'll just say this:  \\"Rec\\" absolutely needs to be watched if you're a horror fan.  It's incredibly intense and yes, actually scary.is its amazing sense of pacing and controlled intensity.  There are scenes so intense they left me on the edge of my seat with my jaw open in awe.  But without overdoing this, we are given breaks in between attacks, where the apartment tenants, and us the viewer, get to catch our breath.      I also didn't have trouble buying into the concept the cameraman would keep filming even though he's amidst all this carnage; him and the female newscaster have proven to us that they're intent on delivering their audience the inside scoop no matter how exploitative the contents.  I don't want to say more as to spoil the film, I'll just say this:  \\"Rec\\" absolutely needs to be watched if you're a horror fan.  It's incredibly intense and yes, actually scary.
B000EHSVQ4|5.0|Just received my director's cut, 4 disc copy, of Kingdom of Heaven. It was like seeing it again for the first time. I'm so glad I've FINALLY seen Kingdom of Heaven, it is outstanding. The added footage completely changes, adds to, the action and relationships. I mourn the fact that American audiences are so brainless that they cannot focus on anything for more than an hour and thus great works of art like Kingdom of Heaven are mutilated beyond recognition to cater to the grownup children that comprise the bulk of the American audience. It's like chopping down a Van Gough to make it fit in a ceratin space!!! Well done Mr. Scott and many thanks for releasing this magnificent film!
B000002UHG|1.0|After reading a lot of the other reviews, I was excited at the prospect of a good follow-up to Wet Dream.  I was sorely disappointed.  This was a painful listen.  I gave it the requisite three listens and still could not get past my initial impression.  For those out there considering expanding their love of Floyd, Marillion and early Genesis, get Wet Dream and see if you like that.  If you do, don't bother with this one.  If you don't like Wet Dream, then this one may be more your style.
0810993139|5.0|This book is very entertaining and has motivated my 7 year old to read.  It has helped my son develop a love for reading with it's humor and it allowed me to even teach a lesson or two as to what consequences may be for certain behaviors.  We enjoyed spending time together reading this book.
B001DXS4E2|5.0|Every home should own this DVD. Great movie, we watch it over and over again.
B001EO748M|4.0|This was another excellent season of the Tudors. The emotions were high as Anne awaited her death and Henry's guilt ate at him for Thomas, Catherine, Anne,and so many poor decision he made. Long live the King and the next season I am sure will be just as hot.
0517548232|5.0|This book is really rather remarkable.  It was written in the 1940s and revised in the early 70s but I can't help, but feel that it was written for no better time than now.  The fallacies Hazlitt demolishes are still passed around verbatim today as proverbial wisdom from the same 'brilliant' economists trotted out by the media, despite having failed to foresee the current crisis (late 2008).      The world is rational.  Read this book and you'll no longer be surprised by the frantic, panicked news chatter heard all around.  There is nothing more special or unique about this current crisis.  It is a truly predictable debacle and the direct consequence of belief in economic fallacy.  Economic Law exists and its gravity will come to bear regardless of the attempts of interventionist actors.  Nothing in this world comes for free.    Hazlitt, drawing from the best traditions of Economics, lays it all out, neatly and succinctly.  Strongly recommended.
B00007K02F|1.0|I have read the book \\"Jane Eyre\\" multiple times, it is, in fact, my favorite book. At first, I thought that the movie had done a pretty good job of portraying the story, however, as it got further into it, they took several liberties that were absolutely ridiculous. They changed things that it was unnecessary to change, such as when and how Jane met St. John Rivers. If you love the book as I do, I would absolutely not suggest watching this movie.
B001GQSY5K|5.0|I have been a Star Wars fan for a long as I can remember and had not seen this movie until I bought it on DVD via Amazon.com. It was well worth the wait. I had heard reviews both good and bad so I was curious to see what direction the Star Wars franchise was going was going. I was pleasantly surprised to see how good this movie was. I was throughly entertained from beginning to end. IS this as good as Episode 4 - A New Hope which I have literally seen over 1,000 times, no or episode 3 - Revenge of the Sith which I have seen dozens of times, no. but I have watched it several times and it is no doubt now a valuable part of my DVD collection (Star Wars & not). The only drawback to buying the single DVD box is that there aren't any behind the scenes, making of, etc. footage. Just a preview for The Clone Wars cartoon series on Cartoon Network that plays after you first install the DVD and the movie itself. Some bonus features would have been nice. The movie also comes with a coupon inside which entitles the owner of the DVD to a free digital download of the movie but you have to own a Windows PC and I was disappointed that this digital download was not available for download onto my Macintosh and/or itunes which means it can''t be transfered to my iPod which In my opinion makes the free digital download worthless. Other than that I am completely satisfied and would highly recommend the movie.
B000J103WK|1.0|I read all the reviews about the audio issue's with the Eagles HD DVD. I assumed that Amazon would work quickly to remove the bad batch of disc's that they were selling-NOPE.  Read the review's Amazon!!!!  Not only did I receive my 3rd defective disc, then Amazon tells me in an e-mail that they have suspended the sale of this HD DVD until further investigations are carried out, yeh, right Amazon.  You NEVER suspended the sale of this HD  DVD and are currently still accepting new orders for this item.  I see the writing on the wall now. Amazon just want's to dump off this bad batch of DVD's and hope that most will not return it.  Amazon's exchange policy is the best around, so I will give them that.  Each time an order with Amazon goes south like this one leaves me with a sour taste and I look elsewhere for my product.  Funny how some of my other post's regarding sloppy handled Amazon and their 3rd party vendor's order's just seem to \\"disappear\\" and never get posted.  We'll see about this one.
030738683X|4.0|Northanger Abbey is a fun book by Jane Austen. I had to purchase it for school, and I had a hard time reading it/getting into it. Several good conversations started in class discussion though.     And a \\"Pump-Room\\" is a room with a water pump in it. Like a mineral spring where people can some and get the water. If you read it, you'll know what I mean.
B001U9BRNE|5.0|For anyone that likes all kinds of music.  This show was probably the best show I've seen.  I live in Las Vegas & go to a lot of shows. I was in the audience for this show & I've seen the PBS special.  I took my sister & we walked out of there after 4hrs just amazed.  I'm glad I can buy the DVD so I can always watch this when I want.  There are not enough words to describe how fantastic this show was.
0307454894|4.0|The affair profoundly effected his life. We never realize how deeply we may effect someone else's life. This book was well written but overall I think it was a very sad story without a happy ending.
B001AX9DT0|2.0|This CD was a huge disappointment. Following \\"Trouble\\", Ray's energy, grit, and art has deteriorated and his music and career has become boring. Perhaps he's become fat and happy from the success he has found. His music seems to lack the hunger and the fire which made him an instant favorite of mine after discovering the CD \\"Trouble\\". I don't believe a musician has to stay underground forever and have no problem with artists finding wealth and success, but the chips on Ray's shoulders from a unique childhood and obvious passion seem to be smoothed over and the art that results from pain seems to be lost. Maybe he should get a drug problem for his next album. The music seems forced and planned and \\"marketed\\". The CD cover is obnoxious and I can picture a publicist or record company executive spending hours trying to cultivate the rugged and disinterested look that somehow remains marketable. I think Amazon's description of the genre sums it up: \\"Beautiful Melancholy\\". I am sure we can look forward to some of these songs making their way into an awful date movie soon.
B001LRJH0K|3.0|Appaloosa is a modern film trying to be a western.It is not very memeroable at all.I tried to like it but just couldn't.
B000001FQQ|3.0|Released in 1989 and produced by Gene Simmons and Paul Stanley, Hot In The Shade brings some changes with Kiss trying to sound a little less 'produced' but I'll have to disagree with some reviewers concerning the non-make-up years: Lick It Up, Animalize, Revenge and Carnival Of Souls are much better in my opinion. Ok, HITS is a little less commercial than Crazy Nights, less keyboards and all, but are the songs any good? Just some, not many. A nice feature is the presence of acoustic guitars on quite a few songs which reminds me of the way they used to approach their music in the beginning.    Paul sounds like he's trying too hard for a hit, something he eventually got with Forever and, to a certain extent, Hide Your Heart. But why in the world does Paul need to write songs with Michael Bolton or Desmond Child??? You Love Me To Hate You hurts my poor ears. At least Rise To It and Read My Body are a bit better. As for Gene's input it's clear he was beginning to be fully committed to Kiss again and definitely offers stronger songs. A piece of Kiss curiosity is that he shares the songwriting of two songs with Tommy Thayer. Also Vini Poncia - the guy who produced Dynasty and Unmasked - is back sharing the songwriting of various tracks and is even credited as an inspiration to the album.    Sadly Hot In The Shade was to be Eric Carr's last album but he does quite well on his debut as a lead singer in Kiss with Little Caesar. All in all it's an average Kiss album and I guess the best thing on it might still be that odd cover!
0743455967|5.0|In the interest of brevity: This is my favorite book. I first read \\"On Writing\\" as a college freshman, and have revisited the book at least once a year ever since. King can be a controversial figure among snobby bibliophiles (you know who you are), but I would recommend this in a heartbeat for anyone that ever enjoyed creating something personal, or appreciated the works of someone else.<br /><br />King bares his heart and soul on these pages, giving the Constant Reader an inside look into his creative process, the methods that made him the literary giant he is today, spliced in with equal parts autobiography.<br /><br />If you are an aspiring writer yourself, or have someone bitten by the bug in your circle of family or friends, this book is probably the next best thing to Strunk & White you can gift them. Can't recommend it enough.
B000VI70WM|4.0|I bought this CD for my wife as she LOVES Duran Duran.  We also intended to go to their concert during their recent US tour and wanted to be up-to-date with their sound and songs.  I like most of their old stuff, and on first listening to the CD it seemed to have a heavy Timberlake influence and be over-produced, and my super-fan wife agreed.    However, as the CD was kept in the car, we ended up listening to it over and over again.  I wouldn't have believed it if someone had told me, but it has really grown on me and I now quite like it.  Having recently seen them perform many of the songs on this CD live, my original impression of being over-produced has also disappeared.    To anyone that has every Duran Duran CD, then get this one too as you will hear the natural progression from past CDs leading to this one.    My rating is based on what my super-fan wife thinks of it, as she would know better than I would.
B00003CWN3|5.0|I really like this movie and Hilary Swrak plays her part to the hilt !! She is great in this movie, I enjoy real life movies, and this one will keep you on rhe edge of your seat. But has a really sad ending and I even got mad, guess I get to much into a movie, but it is worth warching !! Not a movie for kids under the age of 16 !!
B0002OERI0|4.0|Great band, excellent CD!  Deceptively simple beats, but once you've heard the CD you can't get it out of your head and keep listening to it, discovering the true depth of its musical construction.  Great concept, but it would have been worth zero if the music was not so very good.  A must-have CD.
0312330537|5.0|I am an avid reader of many years, yet was deeply affected by this authour's sensitivity and his ability to be able to beautifully create an image in your mind in a very concise manner. His depth in creating characters in the book was so well done, that people all over the world kept writing to ask about the outcome of certain people , who in the end were fiction, yet they became so real. I have since researched Gregory David Roberts and found speeches by him on video, and also have his website on my desktop. Guess that tells you the impact. That and his own personal life story make him very interesting to follow. I just hope he continues the story in another book. It also inspired me to read more books and information on India and her people. I have also given this book as a gift to friends who I like to see have a good read!!! Also, who cannot  like this Aussie!!!!!!! Give it a go, mate!!!!
B000QUCNOK|1.0|Some of the reviewers who enjoyed this film seem to think those of us who didn't enjoy it missed the point.  Well, I despised this film and I know I didn't miss the point. Oh, I tried to like it, too. I remarked at how beautifully filmed it was and I enjoyed the mood the director set. But, the fact that I didn't like it doesn't mean I didn't \\"get\\" it. I got it. But, there's a reason so many of the negative reviews mention \\"The Emperor's New Clothes\\".<br /><br />The movie was all dressed up in oversaturated colors and gorgeous scenery. The acting was good enough and the premise even interesting. But, still, it was repugnant. The idea that everyone can forgive Jean-Baptiste for the atrocities he committed because he created something that seemed to be of overwhelming beauty  is repulsive. Slaughter isn't beautiful.<br /><br />And, that's the thing right there. I didn't read the book and don't plan to. Yet, I understand what the filmmaker was doing and what the author of the book was trying to do. However, it doesn't work unless you realize the joke is actually on those who enjoyed it. Those who LIKED the film are those \\"masses\\" in the orgy scene-- pseudo-intellectuals seduced by a perfume or a pretty set created with disregard, blood, and pain.  The murder of innocents isn't beautiful no matter what nice things are created from their blood. This film is fake art and fake beauty. Those of us who understood this also understood that the orgy scene represented the blind and gullible public at large, easily seduced by charisma, by a pretty scent, by a moody set even though there's no depth and no soul and no intellect and absolutely nothing redeeming at all.<br /><br />That's what's really ironic here. We actually do get it and, sadly, the joke's on you.
0307388921|4.0|Chuck Palahniuk has achieved quite a following.  His writing has captivated some, and disturbed others.  His dark comedy has done the same thing.  Chances are, if you didn't like Palahniuk before, there's little chance that Choke will change your opinion of him.  If you're a Palahniuk fan, your mileage may very.<br /><br />Choke centers on Victor Mancini.  Victor, in real Palahniuk style, is not your average everyday Joe.  He has his own problems.  In this case he happens to be a sex addict.  But there's more than that.  His mother is in a psychiatric hospital and paying for her to stay is becoming a little harder over time. He's in a dead end job that doesn't get much for him, not to mention he's doing little to cure his sexual addiction as he doesn't do many of the steps.  There's one thing he does to help his mother, though, even if there's little he can do for himself.  He goes to restaurants and pretends to choke on food in hopes that the person who saves him will send him money out of pity later on down the road.  As far as things go, it works out just fine.<br /><br />The book is hardly about him choking on food and getting money for it.  A huge chunk of the book isn't about that at all.  The book is about Victor first and foremost.  A large portion of the book is dedicated to his mysterious past and his fractured relationship with his mother, who can't seem to remember Victor anyway.  It is this arc of the story that might entice readers to keep going.<br /><br />On the other hand, like a few of his other books, you need to prepare for some dark humor and all around disturbing scenes.  Palahniuk is no stranger to shock.  And while Choke certainly isn't his most shocking book, he spares no detail in some of the books more disturbing sexual scenes and in some of the scenes from Victor's past.  It's all built up fairly well.  He also uses a few techniques such as repetition of certain phrases (\\"______ isn't the right word, but it's the first one that comes to mind.\\").  The repetition may become annoying at times, however, but it certainly adds a unique style.  It's a pretty quick read as well and wastes no time getting to the point.  You could easily finish Choke in a sitting or two.  Despite that, however, there are moments when Victor will go off on tangents that don't really move the story along.  They're quick, but there are some moments where the story could definitely move forward.  At the very least, these are minor issues that probably won't bother anyone in a book that moves so quickly, and rarely misses a beat in doing so.<br /><br />There's not much that keeps Choke down.  The narrative voice is very good, but as you read it you get the feeling your in the shoes of Fight Club's own narrator.  It feels all too familiar.  That's probably not such a bad thing for many people, but it's something to keep in mind for Palahniuk fans who expect a bit more variety in his work.  The characters, while good in their own right, aren't nearly as fleshed out as Victor Mancini either.  They are, at least, fleshed out enough given the books short, snappy length.<br /><br />It is a good book overall.  One that isn't kept down by much.  Palahniuk fans will be pleased overall.tion may become annoying at times, however, but it certainly adds a unique style.  It's a pretty quick read as well and wastes no time getting to the point.  You could easily finish Choke in a sitting or two.  Despite that, however, there are moments when Victor will go off on tangents that don't really move the story along.  They're quick, but there are some moments where the story could definitely move forward.  At the very least, these are minor issues that probably won't bother anyone in a book that moves so quickly, and rarely misses a beat in doing so.    There's not much that keeps Choke down.  The narrative voice is very good, but as you read it you get the feeling your in the shoes of Fight Club's own narrator.  It feels all too familiar.  That's probably not such a bad thing for many people, but it's something to keep in mind for Palahniuk fans who expect a bit more variety in his work.  The characters, while good in their own right, aren't nearly as fleshed out as Victor Mancini either.  They are, at least, fleshed out enough given the books short, snappy length.      It is a good book overall.  One that isn't kept down by much.  Palahniuk fans will be pleased overall.
B001FB4W16|5.0|I'm really digging this backwoods hillbilly vampire vibe. It's sort of a cross between Near Dark and Blade (without the Daywalker of course). I've only seen the first episode so I am anctiously awaiting the BD set.
0930289234|5.0|Back in the mid to late 1980's, I picked up the first issue in a twelve issue series called The Watchmen .  I was a teenager who had graduated from the innocence of Superman, into the more troubled existence of Peter Parker, and then to the continuing crisis of the X-Men born in a world that refused to understand them.  But I was ready for something else, something even edgier.  The \\"Have a Nice Day\\" smiley-face that appeared to have blood running down its surface on the cover of Watchmen #1 beckoned.  I bit and stuck around for twelve issues.<br /><br />The author of this masterpiece, one Alan Moore, is a paranoid left-winger (See V for Vendetta, for example), but the man can write.  Perhaps the character people remember the most from the Watchmen is Rorschach, a man in a hat and trenchcoat who covers his face with a mask of ever-changing ink impressions.  Rorschach has no superpowers or even the genius and equipment of Batman.  He is a man determined to set things right and is uninhibited in his willingness to do violence to wrongdoers.  Rorschach was once a more conventional hero, but he has seen too much evil in the world and is no longer prepared to accept limits on his retribution.  This vigilante, full of retrograde opinions and mourning for an America whose best days are behind her, is Archie Bunker without the laughs.  Rorschach walks along a street in the red-light district and notes that he is offered French love, Swedish love, and other exotic pleasures.  But American love, he regrets, \\"is like Coke in green glass bottles . . .  they don't make it anymore.\\"  He is dangerous.  And he is Moore's idea of a conservative.  If it is intended as an insult, it is one most of us can live with.<br /><br />While Rorschach stands out, the rest of the cast is also memorable.  We have The Comedian, a former masked crusader with a dark past who now does dirty deeds for the government.  Ozymandias is like a Bruce Wayne who has decided to go public and cash in on his former exploits.  The Night Owl is a genius who turns technology and desire into heroism, more like the Bruce Wayne we know and love.  The Silk Spectre is a heroine because her mother was.  She's been taught how to fight, but it was as much for publicity and commercial possibilities as it was for fighting bad guys.  Doc Manhattan is a demi-God after surviving a nuclear deconstruction of his cells.  He is tempted to rise above the concerns of mere mortals.<br /><br />All of them live in an America that has formally outlawed the independent activities of masked heroes as a response to public resentment and suspicion.  What brings them together is a murder.  Someone seems to want them dead or out of action.  At the same time, the world is consumed in a larger drama of nuclear confrontation.  The Cold War is running hot and tensions may boil over.  Doc Manhattan is not sure whether he cares.<br /><br />This is the backdrop for one of the most compelling dramas ever enacted in comic book form.  The graphic novel (a compilation of the twelve issues of the comic) gained the honor of being named one of the 100 greatest novels of all time by Time Magazine.  The Watchmen , in its original form, featured emotional depth, quality of story, and gripping engagement like no other comic I've ever read.  If the film can live up to it's print counterpart, then it will be well worth the money and the time.mer exploits.  The Night Owl is a genius who turns technology and desire into heroism, more like the Bruce Wayne we know and love.  The Silk Spectre is a heroine because her mother was.  She's been taught how to fight, but it was as much for publicity and commercial possibilities as it was for fighting bad guys.  Doc Manhattan is a demi-God after surviving a nuclear deconstruction of his cells.  He is tempted to rise above the concerns of mere mortals.<br /><br />All of them live in an America that has formally outlawed the independent activities of masked heroes as a response to public resentment and suspicion.  What brings them together is a murder.  Someone seems to want them dead or out of action.  At the same time, the world is consumed in a larger drama of nuclear confrontation.  The Cold War is running hot and tensions may boil over.  Doc Manhattan is not sure whether he cares.<br /><br />This is the backdrop for one of the most compelling dramas ever enacted in comic book form.  The graphic novel (a compilation of the twelve issues of the comic) gained the honor of being named one of the 100 greatest novels of all time by Time Magazine.  The Watchmen , in its original form, featured emotional depth, quality of story, and gripping engagement like no other comic I've ever read.  If the film can live up to it's print counterpart, then it will be well worth the money and the time.
B000002JOF|5.0|I can't believe that I'd never heard Part #1 of Road to Hell.  It's been a month and I still can't get it out of my head.  It really changed thte song for me.  Texas is great also.
B0010X73ZG|3.0|I love the way the creatures look, including the huge ones! Everybody did a real good job of turning against each other, because of the religious freak, Mrs. Carmody. David; his son, Billy, Amanda, Dan, and Irene soon become the only sane people in the store. Everyone else slowly goes crazy. Will anyone escape the creatures? If you love Stephen King movies, and hilarious endings, you'll love THE MIST!!!
0142001104|5.0|As soon as Ben Zander threw a copy of this book into the audience, at the close of a conference I attended, I knew I had to read it. He was arguably the best closing session speaker the sponsor has ever scheduled. Because of him, I have a new found appreciation for classical music (and have several selections on my iPod, including iTunes Essential Classical), have a better outlook on a lot of things in my life, and find that I remember parts of his speech to this day. It seemed appropriate that I read his book, to reinforce his message and to learn more about The Art of Possibility.    Contents:  An Invitation to Possibility  Launching the Journey  Chapter 1: It's All Invented  Chapter 2: Stepping into a Universe of Possibility  Chapter 3: Giving an A  Chapter 4: Being a Contributor  Chapter 5: Leading from Any Chair  Chapter 6: Rule Number 6  Chapter 7: The Way Things Are  Chapter 8: Giving Way to Passion  Chapter 9: Lighting a Spark  Chapter 10: Being the Board  Chapter 11: Creating Frameworks for Possibility  Chapter 12: Telling the WE Story  Coda  Acknowledgements  About the Authors    Benjamin Zander is the conductor of the Boston Philharmonic and has been a guest conductor with orchestras from around the world. Rosamund Stone Zander is an executive coach, family therapist, and artist, who is able to generate a high level of creativity and accomplishment from organizations and individuals. Together, they have written a book of \\"practices\\" that allow the reader to create a framework where extraordinary accomplishment is normal. They break the book into \\"practices\\" which illustrate specific facets of The Art of Possibility and allow you to reach new heights of success; personally and professionally. As a teacher, Ben Zander proposed that at the start of his classes he gives every student an \\"A.\\" The result was more passionate students, ones that, on their own, were able to achieve more than Zander could have hoped. His premise is that if your teacher, manager, significant other, gives you an \\"A\\" at the start, you may be surprised at the extraordinary things that you will accomplish. Simple, and yet, using their examples, the Zander's have hit on an important trait of human behavior. In Chapter 6, the \\"famous\\" Rule Number 6 chapter, you are reminded that you take yourself way too seriously. This creates a downward spiral of emotions and actions that makes you less effective and more prone to destructive behaviors. And then there is Giving Way to Passion, with the acronym \\"BTFI.\\" One of the funniest and most effective stories in the book. You will find yourself in a situation where it seems that no matter what direction you choose, you are being setup to fail. It is at that moment when you remember \\"BTFI\\" (Beyond the F$%k It), rediscover your passion, your energy, your *possibility* and go from good to great.     If you peruse this book, prior to purchase or borrowing, you may wonder, as I did, how is it possible to connect with stories mostly from and about world class musicians? Strangely, you can. And they have validity in your personal and professional life. You can see the connections in a new and refreshing way. I think that it what makes this book stand apart from the crowd in the \\"self help\\" section. Simple lessons, fortified with anecdotes from music, art, and business, that have a lot of value to the everyman. Not every chapter will have meaning for you immediately or solve all of your problems, but you *will* find value in this book. It should alter your perceptions, change the way you relate with your superiors and subordinates, and give you the tools to break free from the downward spiral into a world of possibility. A simple lesson, one which I picked up in Chapter 9, Lighting a Spark, is appropriate in this very connected, Web 2.0 world in which we find ourselves; the value of a face-to-face meeting cannot be overstated. It's easy to send an e-mail, instant message, or phone someone. But when you make the effort to meet someone in person, it solidifies the relationship and allows both people to achieve more than was possible through electronic means.     This is one of the best books I have read this year. And, if you have the opportunity, I highly recommend attending one of Ben Zander's presentations.
B001GQSY64|1.0|I am a huge Star Wars Fan. But this is the worst of star wars  - way too much plot, relationships that don't make sense, incomprehensible storyline, and terrible dialogue - without any of the magic that makes star wars great. The show seems to be \\"dumbed down\\" about for kids, but is so violent that I would never let my kids watch it. Pick up the two-part animated \\"Clone Wars\\" from 2005. It trumps this new version to the Nth degree.
B000038A2B|5.0|Pink Floyd's Is There Anybody Out There?: The Wall Live was released in April of 2000 on EMI in most of the world sans the US and Canada which was released on Columbia Records.<br />The album was released to commemorate the 20th anniversary of The Wall. The album was originally slated for release in late 1999 but producer James Guthrie (who co-produced the original studio album with Pink Floyd members Roger Waters and David Gilmour and legendary rock producer Bob Ezrin) had to bake the master tapes to get the sticky glue off after sitting in storage for years. Also, the band had problems with their US record companies. The band had just inked a new distribution deal with Capitol/EMI worldwide and were set to release but Columbia/Sony in the US and Canada were initially against the album but reluctantly agreed to release the album as the band's final album with Sony in the US and Canada after the band switched labels which were licensed the music (the band have the final say on what gets released and not released and this review is for the EMI edition which has some different images in the booklet than the US issue).<br />Is There Anybody Out There? was recorded at London's Earls Court Arena during the band's performances of The Wall in August of 1980 and June of 1981, the shows were a bona fide spectacle. More than anything, Is There Anybody Out There? captures the volume, the bombast and the grandeur of these famed performances with remarkable accuracy.<br />These performances are astonishingly faithful to the band's studio versions although the band does get to stretch out on \\"In the Flesh (pt. 1)\\", \\"The Thin Ice\\", \\"Another Brick in the Wall (pt.1)\\", \\"Another Brick in the Wall (pt. 2)\\", \\"Mother\\", \\"Goodbye Blue Sky\\", \\"Young Lust\\", \\"Hey You\\", \\"Comfortably Numb\\", \\"The Show Must Go On\\", \\"In the Flesh (pt.2)\\", \\"Run Like Hell\\" and \\"Outside the Wall\\" with either extra guitar solos from David Gilmour showing why he is one of rock's greatest guitarists or extra keyboard solos from the late Rick Wright (God rest his soul) or extra verses or extended musical pieces.<br />The other tracks \\"Empty Spaces\\", \\"One of My Turns\\", \\"Don't Leave Me Now\\", \\"Another Brick in the Wall (pt. 3)\\", \\"Is There Anybody Out There?\\", \\"Nobody Home\\", \\"Vera\\", \\"Bring the Boys Back Home\\", \\"Waiting For the Worms\\", \\"Stop!\\" and \\"The Trial\\" trumps its studio counterparts although remained faithful to them.<br />Although they were kicked out in 1979 and 1982 respectively by Roger Waters due to his uncontrollable ego, co-founders keyboard player/songwriter (the sadly departed) Rick Wright and drummer Nick Mason played better on this live album than on the studio version of The Wall, especially Rick whose Hammond Organ and keyboard work buries that of its studio counterpart. Roger Waters didn't play much bass on this live album as he perfectly recreated the role of Pink and left Andy Bown to play bass in his place. David Gilmour's musical arrangements and guitar and vocals were superb as well as always.<br />\\"Run Like Hell\\" is classic with Roger Waters' classic intro.<br />This live Wall album also includes two unreleased tracks. \\"What Shall We Do Now\\" was left off the original release due to space constraints and \\"The Last Few Bricks\\" was a reprise of \\"Happiest Days\\", \\"Young Lust\\" and \\"Empty Spaces\\" as an instrumental for wall builders to catch up to the band.<br />Also, longtime Floyd album cover guru Storm Thorgerson's artwork of the four Floyd member face masks is striking and the booklets has recollections from the four Floyd members plus road crew and stage designers with some cool pictures of the band performing this work live.<br />This live album did well for a \\"from the vault\\" release hitting #19 on the album charts and #1 on the Internet Album Sales chart and went Platinum in a month of its release here in the States. This live album has zero overdubs and is one of the best live albums I ever heard next to Pink Floyd's Pulse, Led Zeppelin's The Song Remains the Same 2-CD reissue, Rush's Different Stages, Queen's Queen Rock Montreal, Genesis' Seconds Out and Genesis' Live Over Europe, The Who's Live at Leeds and Supertramp's Paris among many others.<br />Highly recommended!Different Stages, Queen's Queen Rock Montreal, Genesis' Seconds Out and Genesis' Live Over Europe, The Who's Live at Leeds and Supertramp's Paris among many others.   Highly recommended!
B000HEWEJO|5.0|I have always loved this show, now i don't have to wait till Christmas to watch it.
B0013FSL3E|2.0|I think that perhaps after all the hype about this movie, I felt a little bit let down. I didn't think that it was so great.
B00005ASOC|5.0|This is one of my favorite movies. Don't let the picture on the front fool you. It's about friendship, trust and being a good mentor. You will like this movie I guarantee it.
B000ZLFALI|5.0|I was blown away by this film! I've watched it 3 times already and will many more times!
B001NEK2GE|5.0|I bought this gamepad for my husband's birthday.  We both play WoW and he has recently gotten into arena competitions, so I wanted him to have a better tool for handling his character in fast-paced situations.  He loves it!  So far he's only programmed macros for about half the keys, so there's still room to grow, but he already feels the advantage of the gamepad over using a keyboard.    He said the joystick took longest to get used to, but now that he's using it, he feels there's no way someone using the keyboard can outmaneuver someone using a stick.  It has improved his play considerably.    With four programmable profiles of 22 keys each, this is the most versatile pad on the market.  The construction is solid and heavy, and the design is ergonomic.  If you play WoW or any game like it, treat yourself to this gamepad... You'll be glad you did.
B000VXLC3K|5.0|This landmark album from the 70's is one that my older sister owned and played endlessly, using seemingly to tap into an innermost emotional well that only teen-aged girls seem to possess. I just remember that I thought every single song was great and how personal \\"Tapestry\\" sounded to my young ears. Now, almost 40 years later, that weird jumble of teen hormones having long dissipated and my sister well into adulthood, I cam listen to Carole King with an experienced heart and mind, and it holds up as a classic from the era.<br /><br />\\"Tapestry\\" was one of the first albums of the singer/songwriter era that held together as an entity, and now rings pure as a dozen songs that meld into a seamless whole. King had already honed her skills as an ace commercial songwriter with husband Gerry Goffin, and this was her coming out party. As such, the twelve songs on \\"Tapestry\\" run the gamut of the confessional \\"It's Too Late\\" to the committal \\"You've Got a Friend\\" to emancipation (\\"Natural Woman\\"). It's a testament to the staying power of \\"Tapestry\\" that half of this album became hits for Carole and others (especially James Taylor's classic version of \\"Friend\\"), and the others are almost instantly recognizable.<br /><br />It was that identifiable quality that raised \\"Tapestry\\" and, by association, King as a solo artist. It also opened doors for the likes of Carly Simon, Joan Armatrading and Taylor. The second disc of this set includes 11 of the album's songs recorded on various tours (missing is \\"Where You Lead\\"), with just King alone at the piano. It makes this double set a keeper for those of us that have let \\"Tapestry\\" slip from our grasp over the years.
B0009F9O6W|5.0|This is easily the very best album that VDGG produced. Everything: The writing, the playing ,the arranging and the uncanny guitar of Robert Fripp who functions as a fifth member of the band for this one recording.<br /><br />The album is divided into two long songs; Lemmings and Man Erg ( each containing contrasting sections ) and an LP side long suite of songs: A Plague of Lighthouse Keepers. Some of the other reviewers have described the songs but this album has a sound all it's own. None of the other VDGG albums sounds like this - to say nothing of other bands ( progressive or otherwise). The feel overall is almost desperate. One feels as though he's hearing a man persisting against impossible odds.<br /><br />There is a section in Lemmings entitled Cog which gives the sensation of being crushed under a machine gone out of control interspersed with quiet interpolations. Hammill's ability to change his voice from an abrasive intensity to a pure toned vulnerability is very striking here. Fripp's guitar plays a large part in creating the extreme menace with lines and chords of harrowing dissonance played with a very electronic sound. Some people seem to think this is some kind of keyboard...it ain't! - listen again.<br /><br />In Man Erg we hear a chorale in which Hammill sings of the killer and the angels which live inside him ( and by extension, in all of us ). As the chorale ends the cry of saxophones - sounding like wounded animals - leads into a brutal section in 11 where Hammill sings: \\" How can I be free? How can I get help? Am I really me? Am I someone else?\\" Fripp interjects slashing phrases on electric guitar just before the vocal. His playing here is technically amazing - even by current standards ( remember that this was released in 1971..) and utterly original. Toward the end of the piece we are treated to the superimposition of the chorale over the brutal 11 of the middle section in a manner reminiscent of Stravinsky ( Petroushka, Rite of Spring ).<br /><br />The suite that originally made up side two of the LP is a bit more uneven but still has a lot of exceptional music. I particularly love Presence of the Night which features Hammill singing in his most vulnerable mode along with delicate soprano sax from Jackson and elusive clean guitar filigree from Fripp. The last section is a kind of expansive anthem which underscores the essential ambiguity of existence ( \\"All things are a part, All things are apart, All things are a part.) Fripp plays a fairly long solo on the ride out to the end of the piece. His ability to make \\"wrong\\" notes right is of special note here. His guitar playing throughout this recording ( and there is a good bit of it ) never sounds superfluous and almost always comments on the lyrics in some way.<br /><br />There are also beautiful moments on solo organ from Hugh Banton and the drumming of Guy Evans is superb throughout.<br /><br />Highly recommended in this remaster along with some interesting and worthy extra tracks. One of the high water marks of early progressive rock before it descended into caricature.ly made up side two of the LP is a bit more uneven but still has a lot of exceptional music. I particularly love Presence of the Night which features Hammill singing in his most vulnerable mode along with delicate soprano sax from Jackson and elusive clean guitar filigree from Fripp. The last section is a kind of expansive anthem which underscores the essential ambiguity of existence ( \\"All things are a part, All things are apart, All things are a part.) Fripp plays a fairly long solo on the ride out to the end of the piece. His ability to make \\"wrong\\" notes right is of special note here. His guitar playing throughout this recording ( and there is a good bit of it ) never sounds superfluous and almost always comments on the lyrics in some way.    There are also beautiful moments on solo organ from Hugh Banton and the drumming of Guy Evans is superb throughout.    Highly recommended in this remaster along with some interesting and worthy extra tracks. One of the high water marks of early progressive rock before it descended into caricature.
0307341550|4.0|\\"Sharp Objects\\" was a good read and a good first effort by the author.  You feel for the protagonist, Camille, coming back to her home town after many years away.  Some of the characters are poorly developed but overall, it's a good story and one that most of us can relate to on some level.
B0015OKWL2|4.0|Apparently there is a serial killer on the loose (ok, that's not too original), but it's not  exactly a serial killer but a vigilante/avenger on the loose (ok, because we don't like the victimd, we call it vigilantism, when we do like them we consider them to be true victims). Anyway, some pretty bad people, who have gotten off (i.e., eluded justice...among them a child rapist, pimp, killer, a molesting priest, etc) on technicalities  are being murdered (actually gunned down with their own weapons). Assigned to this case are Turk (the sexy Robert Deniro) and Rooster (Al Pacino), who have tons of history and experience between them, and two rookies, Perez (John Leugizamo) and his dedicated sidekick Riley (Donnie Wahlberg). With converging storylines (there are tons of them....for example Deniro's romantic relationship with a fellow officer, played by Carla Gugino and Rooster's sketchy past), \\"Righteous Kill\\" was fairly entertaining. With plot twists and turns, this movie offers just the right amount of suspense (although I am sure that you will figure out the killer before the end) and mystery. And if nothing else, it gives you an opportunity to see \\"50 cents\\" play a music mogul/drug dealer (not a stretch, but always interesting to watch).
0743270754|5.0|Excellent and insightful - I have definitely enjoyed reading Goodwin's insights into the workings of Lincoln's Cabinet and the political savvy and intelligence the Railsplitter showed as he guided our country through probably the most harrowing period in our collective history. Well written and very interesting.
B001ED7C58|5.0|I absolutely love this cd.....I'm not much for soundtrack music, but this one is the BOMB!! One of the best ones I've heard. I've had it in my cd player since I got it and haven't listened to any other since.<br />My favorite is Supermassive Black Hole....Love it, Love it, Love it.<br />For that matter, I love them all.
B000J10EQU|1.0|The producer, writer and director should be ashamed of themselves at this attempt at their interpretation of Superman.  Every single stupid cliche of modern holywood is in this movie.  Throwing money at CGI does not make a movie - a good story does - and the story that this movie tries to tell is horrific.  I gave this movie one star, not because it was the least I could give, but because I hope people do see this movie and chuckle at what holywood thinks is entertainment anymore.
006109594X|4.0|I'm a big Tom Clancy fan and have run out of his books so I happened upon this guy. Pretty good book, acceptable writer, good characters and good plot. I think there are 3 books in this series (I've read 2 so far) and I'd suggest reading them in order because the plot continues somewhat. If you like war fiction with some political intrigue and submarines, you'll probably like this.
B00006CXSS|4.0|This is a very captivating series but I wonder about the sentimentality which is epitomised by the theme music.  The music is supposed to denote war but somehow makes one think of a romance.  In my view, the composer should have looked to Shostakovich or Bartok for inspiration and not to romanticism.
1934648035|5.0|Siddhartha by Hermann Hesse is a story about a youth and his quest for enlightenment. He tries to find it fasting and living without possessions and becoming a Buddha's follower. When this does not work he slips into a life of hedonism and materialism. When all else fails he becomes a ferryman's apprentice and learns lessons that cannot be taught but learned only by living experiences.
B00005Q5WC|5.0|5 stars for this (after all it's Bob). Can someone tell me how to actually get this deluxe edition? I have tried Amazon (twice) and another reseller. I keep receiving the correct packaging but wrong disc. Exedus packaging but 'legend' discs.
B001PPGAIA|5.0|This is a great film, my favorite this year.It's one of those films you should see on the big screen or the biggest you can watch it on to appreciate it completely.The scenery is awesome,some history to it,great actors and a story that will take your heart...I fell in love with the little boy.\\"I'll sing you to me\\"
B001DJ7PR8|3.0|Let me start with saying that, despite the overall premesis of the movie which I found rather degrading, unrealistic, and a bit confusing, I actually found the acting to be decent(well . .they made implausible personas almost seem plausible . .almost) Second of all, I must admit that I did not the entire movie . . .I friggin LEFT after awhile (I stayed for most of it as it turned out....)...I just couldn't take it anymore. The main dude, the Spanish \\"artist\\" is pretty much is a hedonist aka \\"man-whore\\" aka \\"man who is self indulgent, cares only about his own pleasure, and only gives vague facades of actual caring...<br /><br />Main characters I shall mention:<br />*the main guy whathisface aka the \\"artist\\" or \\"man-whore\\" [I apologize if this word offends you in any way but it's true....]<br />*the main guy's ex-wife aka \\"the bipolar chick\\" (this is Penelope Cruz' role that was nominated for an Oscar . . .I can't remember if she won or not...)<br />*Cristina - American girl who gets involved with the main guy aka \\"the wild child\\" (played by Scarlett Johannson)<br />*Vicky - American girl who also gets involved with main guy even though she's got a \\"boring\\" American boyfriend at home (I felt so sorry for that dude) . . .what makes it interesting is she's introduced as the \\"prude\\" of the two American girls . . .yet she still gets with the artist... Lord knows why . . .he never actually seemed that interesting to me throughout the movie . . .It's the girls and their personas that really made the movie at least slightly tolerable if you ask me)<br /><br />Basic summary:<br />*Artist meets with two American girls and they \\"bond\\"/ he seduces them/wins them over/whatever and basically, they both end up sleeping him at different times . . .I wasn't surprised that Cristina did, but the fact that Vicky's character suddenly did a 360 for a brief moment (in that she slept with the artist) confused me . . .Why would you sleep with a guy who's involved with your good friend and who also has a crazy knife-weilding ex-wife with whom he as a love-hate relationship with? I guess it's because the guy's just \\"that\\" wonderful . . . .And there's drama, drama, and more drama until the very open-ended finish of the movie . . .Seriously, it leaves either confused, flustered, or hungry for passion that you can't ever get . . .Does anyone /really/ want any of those? I would say more but I don't really want to ruin anything for the (desparate) souls who want to actually put themselves through this tragedy (at least I think it's a tragedy .. with a tad bit of comedy that you kinda have to dig for or be in the mood for..) . .. Maybe I'm a prude for not liking this film, so I suppose if you like the intensely wild, free, and erotic lifestyle then maybe you'd be more open to this movie than be  . .. I don't know . .maybe you should watch the movie yourself instead of basing your opinions on others' reviews [sorry if I sounded harsh .  . . I mean . .I'm just saying that because, personally, I've loved a lot of movies that other people hated and I've hated a lot of movies that others have loved . . .Everybody has different tastes...]<br /><br />Honestly,I wouldn't waste your time with this movie . .There many other Oscar nominated \\"fish\\" in the \\"sea\\" (Personally, I enjoyed Milk and Slumdog Millionaire . . .I like Australia too, but I can't remember if it was nominated for any type of Oscar or not) . . .<br /><br />If You're looking for a good Scarlett Johannson movie I'd suggest the Island . . . .<br /><br />*If You're looking for a good Penelope Cruz movie (though I did find her role rather \\"entertaining\\" in this movie) I'd suggest Volver [Volver is in Spanish by the way] or Blow<br /><br />*As for Rebecca Hall (Vicky), I haven't seen any of the other movies with her . .same goes for Javier Bardem (the artist) . . . though I've been meaning to see \\"No Country for Old Men\\" for awhile now . . .<br /><br />*Looking for a good Woody Allen movie (director)? Well tobe honest, this is the only movie of his I've seen . . .I think . . .<br /><br />P.S.: This movie did make Spain look beautiful though . .not that I ever doubted that Spain was beautiful.....S.: This movie did make Spain look beautiful though . .not that I ever doubted that Spain was beautiful....
B001GAPC1K|4.0|I was impressed for the high image quality and the great sound on this movie, the plot it's great and funny, great movie to have on your collection, and it's perfect on Bluray!!!
B001MYIQFE|3.0|The gaps were there on the master tape, Steve did not add them.  I do think he should have digitally lined up the tracks to match the original release, but he didn't.      According to Steve, he has figured out how to use HDCD so there is no audible difference between playing it with or without the decoder.  I have not played the disc in a HDCD compatible player yet, so I cannot comment on the light turning on and off.  If that causes audible issues, I certainly would be frustrated.    That said, I've never heard The Cars sound so good.  The tone of this disc is just right.  Full and clear, but not bright or exaggerated in any way.  Worth the price of admission for \\"Drive\\" alone, IMO.      3 stars for segues and HDCD issue.  Would be 5 otherwise.
1401300529|5.0|I found this book to be very informative. My father served in Korea but died when I was too young to learn of it. I just recently found he had served in Korea and was curious as to what it was all about.Unfortunately we never got past WWII in high school or grade school. So I feel now, after reading David Halberstam's book, that I know what it was about. Very few books are as captivating,well researched and granted a bit biased. Unfortunately our fearless leaders in Washington have not taken the time to reflect upon Korea or Vietnam and prevent another catastrophe like the one we are in now.I wish everyone would take the time to read this book and maybe learn from our past mistakes to prevent future ones.
0060934913|4.0|My son was thinking to become a chef not knowing what he will face but after reading the book, he decided not to become one. The book really helped him to see the reality of the business and it wasn't for him. I thank for this book otherwise I would spend a lot of money for his carrier for nothing. Thank you!
0545128285|5.0|I've almost forgotten what an outstanding & talented author that J K Rowling is. A short but very pleasant & enjoyable reading experience!
B001GKYBX0|5.0|I just bought my second RECORD ... yes the big black round thing from Amazon of this ALBUM, sent it to a family member. EA is that good.  I am in a state of shock.  This is almost a Beatles album.  Chaos and Creation is perhaps the best Paul McCartney album ever, and this one is better in many way.  If you are patient with it, put on those headphones.. and listen ... at times you will think George, John, and Ringo are there with him ... I said at times.  Friends of Paul, this is good stuff, you will not regret it.  Sadly the media today will not let it go anywhere.  But we can.
B001P9KR8U|5.0|Slumdog Millionaire is, in a sense, a modern day fairy tale of rags to riches.  The story takes place throughout the city of Mumbai, from the bustling metropolises to the lowly ghettos, the scenery is quite astounding.  In Dharavi, the hometown of the main character Jamal and his brother Salim, the brothers fight for survival amongst feral dogs and the rotting smell of trash.  The hometown of these boys, Dharavi, is so fetid you can almost smell the putridity.     Jamal, who earns a living as a 'chai-wallah' serving tea to call-center workers and students in Mumbai, finds himself in the hot seat on the popular television show \\"Who Wants to Be a Millionaire.\\" Jamal, who is a lowly worker, is expected to have a brief stay on the show, as doctors and lawyers even cannot obtain much more than 60,000 rupees before being ousted.  Jamal has one unique advantage over former contestants however, Jamal has lived a very interesting life, one that has, in one way or another, presented him with the answer to all of the questions at different times throughout his life.    The opening scene is an energetic one, as Jamal is on the verge of snatching the ultimate prize, but this is just a brief glimpse of the future, first, Jamal's story, how he arrived at this position, must be told.  Our first glimpse of Jamal as a young child is rather comical, but serves to demonstrate the putrid conditions of life in Dharavi.  Jamal and Salim are working a community toilet for money when a local celebrity appears in their neighborhood.  Salim locks Jamal into the toilet and Jamal, out of desperation, jumps into the filth below and swims out, lest he miss his opportunity to meet his childhood hero.  This scene shows us Jamal's determination to achieve his goals despite any obstacle, a reoccurring theme throughout the entire movie.   Soon after this comical opening scene, the movie takes a rather dark turn.  A sanguinous assault upon Dharavi is launched by fanatical Hindu's armed with anti-Muslim banners and clubs.  It is in this scene that Jamal and Salim lose their mother, she is brutally executed before the boy's eyes by a fanatic with a cudgel.  With their mother dead and no mention of a father, the boys are cast into the larger, uncaring world with nowhere to go for shelter.  Along with the boys is a shy young girl named Latika, who is cursed by Salim and beloved of Jamal.  The three children are found one day in a trash heap by a representative from a local orphanage in the hills.  The boys and Latika at first praise this apparent saint, oblivious to his true intentions.  The exploits of this man push the story to the brinks of the execrable, and serve to add yet another element of hell to the young boy's lives.  The boy's eventually escape the orphanage, but are forced to leave Latika behind, as she is far from a world class sprinter.  Later it is learned that Latika is one of the preferati in a prostitution ring in the heart of Mumbai's downtown.  The boys exact their revenge upon the evil man later in the movie, when Salim shoots him in the face, giving him his first taste of killing, but certainly not his last.  The movie is full of stimulating eye-candy throughout, with brief interludes of the boys marauding around the Taj Mahal to the night scene of downtown Mumbai.  The movie appeals to the human heart, with casual scenes of life in the wealthier sections of Mumbai, to the caustic and fatal streets of Dharavi it shows many different levels of human suffering.  The less than likely hero of the film, Jamal, serves as an example of the indomitable will, the refusal to give up what one believes in regardless of the consequences.     In the end, I found this bright, cheery film to be an honest representation of the human spirit. Jamal's indomitable will is inspirational, and the movie ends on a rather upbeat note, where lovers reunite, and Jamal becomes the slumdog millionaire.
068987474X|5.0|This book is a must read for any woman who embarks on dating adventure. The most common mistake most women make is lingering on guys who are not really into them. By pointing out the signs of guys not really into you, this book relieves single women from many unnecessary heartaches.<br /><br />I found this book incredibly refreshing and enlightening. For a long time, I feel sad for my divorce and wonder what I could have done to save my marriage. This book pointed out one thing, \\"He is not that into you if he wants to break up with you.\\" It is such an awakening call. I remembered how he wanted a divorce quickly and disregarding all my pleas for counseling. I realize there was nothing I could have done to change it. He was simply not that into me. It's such a relief to realize this fact, and I now can fully move on with my life.<br /><br />While frankly pointing out men who are not into you, this book is in fact incredibly empowering for women. It tells women that you can find a man who adores and treats you well. You don't have to tolerate any indifference or dragging a man who is simply not there for you. Our life becomes much better when we have self-respect and accept only men who are into us.<br /><br />I highly recommend this book.
B0015AARJI|4.0|I recently purchased this controller as an additional controller for my PS3.  While I do not have a game that utilizes the controller's vibration and six-axis functions, I find that it functions very well and is slightly more responsive than the controller that came with the system. I also find that it is slightly heavier, but that is to be expected considering that it contains the vibration motor and six-axis components.  I am very pleased with the purchase and the price was very reasonable.
0143303848|5.0|I ordered this book for my 9 Y.O. that never had any interest in any extra reading he got this book and he always is reading it, he realy enjoys it, it is a pleasant sight to see.
B00127RAJY|4.0|I'm back in college after many years off, and it seems I've put on the \\"Freshman 15\\" and then some!!! I got tired of feeling fat all the time and squeezing into my jeans, and I've decided that enough is enough. I bought this DVD after reading some of the 800+ good reviews of it. I used to be a runner, but since school has taken over my life and I've gained all this weight, I don't feel comfortable running. Also, since it's been raining I decided that maybe indoor exercise would be better.  I used this DVD today and I have to say that I may not always have enjoyed it, but I certainly did feel it! I'm 5-foot-2 and currently sitting at around 148-150 lbs, and I am looking to lose 30. So we'll see if this DVD works. I realize it's up to me to do it consistently. Thankfully Jillian is not annoyingly bright- she's more like your hardass, workout fiend girlfriend who has nothing but positive encouragement for you. She'll remind you throughout the workout that nothing comes for free and you have to earn every inch you shrink. She keeps you moving non-stop the entire 20 minutes, and you will need some hand weights, but mine didn't come yet so I used some heavy books instead and it worked out just fine. I definitely feel it, and my muscles are a little shaky now, but I hope that's a sign that my body was challenged and I burned some calories today.  I think  the exercises were challenging but it wasn't that hard to keep it up until the last two reps. I'd get tired and slow way down, and about that time Jillian would say \\"Just two more, come on!\\" It was like she knew. I feel like I got a good workout and I'm looking forward to the next one.
0810993139|5.0|I ordered this book for my 9 Y.O. that never had any interest in any extra reading he got this book and he always is reading it, he realy enjoys it So much that I bought him the whole series and he is looking foward to a new one to be published. It is a pleasant sight to see.
B001H5X7I4|5.0|This is one of the funniest movies that has come out in the past few years. Yes there is a ton of bad language in it, Cruise is sometimes funny sometimes creepy as the movie mogul. Of course everyone knows Downey Jr. steals the movie with his character who has some of the best lines in any movie in the past few years. The movie does bog down a little in the middle when Stillers character get's captured by the bad guys but overall this movie is a crazy fun ride. In the early 1980's Stripes set the bar high for \\"army\\" comedy movies and although these are actors (in the movie) playing at war, when they do go to battle towards the end of the movie perhaps they do become real soldiers.
B001LPWGE6|5.0|I was delighted that Jason and I were reunited. This provider gave me excellent service.  Quick, no nonsense.  Delivered as promised in excellent condition.  Would certainly use again.
B000000OUJ|5.0|The first Wu-Tang Clan album I bought is the essential debut that started it all, 36 chambers. I was blown away by the supreme lyrcicism and crafty production skills of the RZA. I was extremely impressed with Raekwon's Only Built 4 Cuban Linx, Method Man's Tical, and GFK's Ironman. But the GZA's Liquid Swords is something else entirely. The intellectualism on display here is exactly what I look for in a hip hop record. His rhymes are so poetic and captivating they just hook the listener in and you sink into the dark world of the Wu-Tang with the GZA as your narrator. RZA's production is top notch especially on the chilling \\"Cold World\\" where the Genius is at his best featuring a top-notch verse from the Inspectah Deck. GZA's skills as a lyricist are unmatched as it seems like he can throw 10 rhymes into a sentence with very little effort. I highly recommend this album to anyone who wants to hear what hip hop should sound like. Incredible work by the GZA.
B001TH16DI|1.0|Read Nicholas Gemas review..... I agree with him....<br /><br />Send Paramount a message....don't buy this, AND tell them about it....<br /><br />shame on you....
0805079831|5.0|Great book and an eye-opening topic. I was disappointed in the \\"new copy\\" I received. The paper cover was clearly not \\"new\\" but I paid the price of a new copy. Amazon refunded the price difference but this is not a good business practice.
0380973464|1.0|Hats off to those who persevered for 300+ pages before giving this dud up. I only lasted 53 pages, or until I got to this zinger of sentence: \\"Randy used to be fascinated by software, but now he isn't.\\" Oh, the tension. Stephenson attempts to write a cross-generational, wide-reaching tome of Pynchon-esque proportions, but misses by a wide, wide mark. And then, after basing his title on the work of the great H.P. Lovecraft (Necronomicon), he admits to never having read H.P.L.!?! The cover blurb of my borrowed (and soon to be returned) copy quotes the Washington Post Book World: \\"Intoxicating.\\" Perhaps it should read Intoxication required. Despite all the glowing reviews here, my recommendation is skip this book.
1878424777|1.0|Someone recommended this to me but I was disappointed. The author went on and on about his New Age philosophy and after several attempts to listen to it, I finally gave up. There was nothing practical here, just lots of philosophy that I personally didn't agree with.
B00000JNNY|5.0|What a voice.  A great collection of songs by Etta James in her prime. Put this on and an instant mood is evoked. \\"At Last\\" was our wedding song.
0525951113|5.0|I found this book to be one of the most thought provoking books I've read in years. Yes this is fiction, but I follow computers and technology closely and I know that much of the 'hard' items suggested in the book are either in the pipeline for actual production or are very near production. The biggest hurdle to many of the items presented are money and determination.    Saying that, if the 'hard' items are possible now how close are we to the computer AI that the book revolves around? What's to stop a government or crime syndicate from trying this very thing to their own ends?    I whole heartily recommend this book for the 'geek' people and also think that it stands on it's own as a mystery/techno thriller.     I've recommended this book to several people and everyone that has read it so far has loved it. I can't wait for the second part due out in 2010.
B00004TWZF|1.0|This movie is baaaaaad but loooooooooooooong...<br /><br />Talk about a Giant Sucking Sound!<br /><br />Sure, it's got beautiful scenery and lush cinematography, plus two very likable stars (three, if you count Griffin Dunne doing a bit role). But that doesn't ammount to much when the movie lacks a credible screenplay, and what poses as such is full of unnerving clich&eacute;s and stereotypes that sink the entire thing deeper than the main character on a quest for the Titanic!<br /><br />Rossanna Arquette plays the dopey American blonde in love with the ultimate \\"cold fish\\", a dreamy French American effete whose only desire in life is to become a dolphin and swim away for all eternity (eventually he does, thank God, but you'll have to spend a great deal of yours to get to that particular scene). Jean Reno plays the (stereo)typical Italian bachelor (obnoxious mother in black included) in a \\"boastful performance\\" most humble moviegoers would describe as plain overacting. Even Dunne is given lousy lines the few seconds he's in -something like \\"You deliberately lied to me, embezzled the company's money, and should go to jail this very instant if I'm not to lose my own job as well. But never mind all that; tell me: is this love for real?\\".<br /><br />No kidding: there's an old uncle who dives in a bathtub, a bipolar dolphin who feels out-of-water, and an aquarium where you can break in and walk away with whatever you please without a care in the world. There's daddy dying on cue, mamma frowning on spaghetti -although she cooks lots of it in hotel bedrooms- and Honey getting pregnant and abandoned (tears and all) in a -literally- fishy finale. And there's this guy who grew in an impoverished idyllic Greek vilage, doesn't have a job, doesn't own a suit, and yet stays at the Nice Carlton and lives in a posh apartment. But mostly there's me, the bemused-confused audience, wondering why this pretentious deadweight is hailed as a cult film, when it should be shelved in the far off corners of the Hallmark Channel where it belongs!<br /><br />P.S.: As any licensed diver can tell you, these guys are fakes! The first and foremost rule in diving is SAFETY. That is, if someone tells you something is not safe, or seems not safe, or may not be safe, or lurks in the vicinity of perhaps not safe, YOU DON'T DO IT, PERIOD! To show otherwise is like showing cops goofing around with a loaded weapon. Whatever one may think about them, professionals is not likely to be on the list. And one is to believe these hotshot divers are pros, let alone World Champions, when hey routinely ignore every warning they're given? Please..!where it belongs!    P.S.: As any licensed diver can tell you, these guys are fakes! The first and foremost rule in diving is SAFETY. That is, if someone tells you something is not safe, or seems not safe, or may not be safe, or lurks in the vicinity of perhaps not safe, YOU DON'T DO IT, PERIOD! To show otherwise is like showing cops goofing around with a loaded weapon. Whatever one may think about them, professionals is not likely to be on the list. And one is to believe these hotshot divers are pros, let alone World Champions, when hey routinely ignore every warning they're given? Please..!
B000TEUSJK|5.0|Caligula is a brutal upfront conception of of pagan Rome.  The Caesaric or Imperalistic downslide of the Juli dynasty (tribe).  It is pretty accurate as far as any real historical data is concerned.  Most has been destroyed. I liked the part of his relationship with his horse.   Check Wikipedia.
B001M5UDGS|5.0|I would never for a minute believe that I would crowing the merits of an obscure, web released musical starring \\"Doogie Howser\\". I'd heard about Dr. Horrible on NPR and thought my girlfriend might get a kick out of a gag birthday gift. The next thing I knew, we were watching the full movie for the second time after thoroughly enjoying commentary the musical (a full length commentary with new original songs).  I wish it were longer, even though the bonus features more than make up for the brevity, I just didn't want it to end. Dr. Horrible is a definite must see and I am ecstatic that I own it.
B00127RAJY|5.0|I had been looking at workout DVD's and stumbled upon this one. After reading the other reviews I wanted to give it a try. I am so glad I did. I am only a few days in, and the 1st level is kicking my butt. I really feel like I am getting a total body workout, and I can feel it all day. I have done other workouts (P90)that were twice as long, and haven't felt like they gave me as good of a work out. I would recommend this to anyone looking for something you can do at home, on your own schedule.
B000LPS3B2|5.0|A Movie like \\"Shutter\\" really is not at all about being a scary movie.  The Movie \\"Shutter\\" is about true other worldly phenomena in which \\"sometimes\\" take place with certain people who once lived on the earthly plane. After they later leave it, they can get caught in between certain worlds. And by their vast attachments ranging from a myriad of reasons. They can try to hold onto a person who is still living on the earthly human plane of life.     Due to hollywood truly not understanding the other realms of being.They unfortunately pervert certain \\"true-isms\\" in which leaves the viewer stuck within the interpretation that the movie was/is meant to be just another haunted scary movie genre.  This movie was really put together pretty good! It contains alot of realistic proportions/fragments within it.  I only give movies like this their props only when deserving. And this one is well worth it!  When one has/does go through the appropriate training towards having mystical experiences,From years of meditation,Purging/Purification practices of various kind,Mysticism,Obe's,Getting into states of being,Traveling of various types,unfolding into the self,etc;  Then such a person/people can both relate and better grasp these sort of movies. And gain a much deeper appreciation towards certain realities in which particular kind of movies like this possess.    Their is no need for one to go into the sorting out of the movie.Because after an individual grows into their own aspects of being.Such a person/people then learn how to decipher/cipher/jigsaw puzzle the movie together as a whole on their own.  The more that a person/people grow towards the inner/innate depths of their own being. The more an individual learns the importance of working out their own weaknesses/gaining more balance while living their life on the earth plane.  In the long run we are all responsible for our own actions. And one of the necessities for all of us is to evolve into being \\"selfless\\" as opposed to leaving the earth in a \\"selfish\\" state of being.  This great truth in which is being spoken is very,very,very,important to live up to!    One could break the movie down to the smallest molecule and cell.And the truth spoken would still stay veiled within infinity.  Because we all learn these hidden truths to life by our willingness to want to take responsibility for our choices/actions in which we do/make.   I recommend this to anyone who wants to grow.  A person/people must not so much look at the \\"selfishness\\" from a one-sided perspective. Because not only was the woman who was deceased selfish by her attachments. But the man who was still living on the earth plane, was selfish also,by his actions of withholding information. Along with his choice of trying to carry on throughout life living a constant lie by pretending to be innocent in the matter.  The importance of becoming \\"selfless\\" is a divine quality in which we all need to develop. Because our actions are not just counted for in the here and now.But what we do calculates into other extensions of our being and lives to still yet come.  Of course everyone always takes from a movie what they choose to take from it. And thats fine too! However,if a person/people want to grow away from their selfish ways,they must first purge themselves from their own vast web of selfish afflictions.         Such appropriate actions of purging opens the doors of ones compassion towards others. Its by sincerily adapting to being compassionate in which eventually dissolves a persons selfishness.    Let one who in which has an open mind grasp this great truth.By allowing themself to shine within the infinite radiance by being both \\"selfless\\" and \\"compassionate\\".            So Mote It Be!
0312330537|5.0|After many trips to India, I still found this book enlightening about what it's like to live there.    I loved the juxtaposition of the weathlier lives and poorer lives, as well as the real life story of the author.
B000VLE3GA|5.0|This is a very good album. It comes with 2 disks, and has 24 of Zeppelin's best songs.
B001AQO3WY|5.0|Based a book by an embedded reporter, Generation Kill is a ground level view of the invasion of Iraq seen through the eyes of young marines.<br /><br />Everyone goes in with the best of intentions but soon the stupidity of war is on full display, from medal-seeking officers, to incompetent NCOs, to callus soldiers.  Early on the unit is issued chemical warfare suits but in jungle colors rather than desert.  Later they're low on food and ammo after their commander abandons the supply truck to make better time.  In one chilling scene, the marines try to stop a car by firing a smoke grenade as a warning.  But the grenade misses, strikes a refugee in the head and kills him.  Their reaction is roughly equivalent to a child losing a video game.  Later a helicopter destroys an entire building in front of them; they react like they're watching a game.<br /><br />The attention to detail is incredible; you can even see the difference between the regulars and the reservists by their equipment.<br /><br />The script is subtle at times; a single line of dialogue explains very complex problems.  The jargon and curses are very thick, to the point where the package includes a glossary for civilians.<br /><br />The last few episodes are particularly interesting as the marines 'break character' and act more human.  Even the CO becomes much more sympathetic.<br /><br />I highly recommend it as a drama, as a war story and as an insight into the Iraq War.
B0011WMHRK|5.0|People like to mention the bands that really stood out in the 70's compared to other bands, such as Black Sabbath, the Moody Blues, Jethro Tull, the Who, and many others.    But Can.  CAN!      All I can say is wow.  Talk about *completely shocking*.  An album like this that actually came out in the early 70's?  An album that sounds like NOTHING else at the time, and certainly 20 years ahead of its time, I don't even know how to describe music like this.  Is it electronica?  Is it dance?  Does it rock?  Are the vocals good or annoying?  Are they melodic or not?  I really don't know.      It's all a fascinating blur that leaves me speechless.  Tago Mago is a MUST for anyone who likes discovering bands from the early 70's that sound like nobody else.    Probably the weakest point would be \\"Peking O\\".  This song doesn't feel like much overall, and would fit in better with the more aimless moments on Pink Floyd's Ummagumma.    \\"Augmn\\" includes some more mysterious choices of sounds and styles that, once again, are completely original considering the year this album was released.  I could probably do without the lead singer acting like a ghost for over six minutes straight though.  The drum solo at the very end is notable to me as feeling quite spiritual.  The violin bursts come as quickly as they go, and the way they were put into the track is utterly fascinating.    \\"Halleluhwah\\" has some really good guitar soloing during the second half of this VERY lengthy track that almost reminds me of the Grateful Dead, however what is almost immediately mind-boggling about this song are the vocals.  The vocals alone sound like they played a big part in the influence of early 90's bands such as the Red Hot Chili Peppers.  Seriously.  Even the drum pattern behind the vocals feels like nothing else from the 70's and would fit in perfectly with some of the early 90's rock movements.    I don't know what else to say other than... very very unusual how Tago Mago seems to be a colorful73-minute ride of originality.
B0016B6ZKG|5.0|As a Donna Summers fan, I was happy to see this new release. From the  first song, I was pleased with the rich mixture and texture found in her interpretation for each song. Donna's voice is strong, gentle, sensual, flirty, compassionate and defiant. Each song brings a full range of emotions that we love about her and have missed. I love, love, love Science of Love, I'm A Fire (a longer version exists on download music sources--which is not available on the CD), Driving down Brazil, Fame, Queen is Back, and many many other selections. I keep this CD in my car and play it to death so much so that my 21 year daughter has purchased her own copy.  It grows on you in a very positive way. Enjoy the beautiful rich tapestry that only Donna can weave for us. Keep it up Donna!
B000002KDW|5.0|Here's my story-    My aunt gave me the records from her collection that she no longer listens to about 10 years ago, and this was one of them.  I went in knowing absolutely nothing about the Faces.  I just figured back then the Faces were some hippie band that nobody remembers so they weren't important and weren't worth my time.  Of course that way of thinking was flat out WRONG I admit, because nowadays I actually prefer finding out about the less popular 70's rock bands that never got the same kind of success that Led Zeppelin or Santana did, such as Humble Pie, Blues Image, Sugarloaf, Birth Control, and Comus.    Anyway, I popped this album on the turntable, and after a while, I thought I heard what sounded like Rod Stewart's voice.  I thought to myself \\"No way Rod was a member of another band, because no one ever talks about them\\".  After listening some more I realized it WAS in fact Rod Stewart, because nobody else has that kind of voice.   And I mean *nobody*!    Then another thought occurred to me.  \\"This is actually better than the Rod Stewart stuff you hear on the radio\\".  The stuff he does on here certainly ROCKS more than the tunes radio stations frequently play.  When we arrived to \\"Stay With Me\\" I knew it was in fact good ol' Rod Stewart.    That wasn't the only surprise though.    The fact that side two absolutely SMOKES and leaves me breathless every time I hear those songs is still something I'll never forget.  If you're not amazed with the closing track... well, then you're a hard person to please!    Whatever the popular belief is, I know what *I* believe, and that would be A Nod is as Good as a Wink is a classic rock album that everyone should own.
B000CNFC76|5.0|This was one of the best movies I've watched.  It is a heart-warming, family friendly (especially for the kids) movie.   Definitely recommend for sports lovers and non sports lovers.   EXCELLENT!!!
B000Q6GUW0|5.0|What a series! Dexter is my new hero.  He is a truely unique person who challenges the creative part of me. The actng is great, the screnery adds to the quality of the program and the surround sound is fantastic.  I am amazed at the qualtiy of the series.  It's better then many regular movies I have in my collection and a lot more fun to watch.
B0002ZYE1Y|1.0|Once again I've been suckered in by copious five star reviews. I'm always on the lookout for heavy metal I can stand. I should know when I read that something is a \\"blend of heavy metal and classical\\" that it's going to be a travesty in both areas. It always is, but I keep pretending I'll find something actually progressive.    This is not it. This is, as another reviewer aptly put it, embarrassing to listen to. If any of my friends heard this and knew that I paid money for it, they would disown me.    I'll admit, I've not heard any of Nightwish's other albums, but it seems impossible that a group of \\"musicians\\" capable of producing something this terrible could ever do something I'd like.    This is pedantic pop music tarted up with dull guitar playing and uninspired orchestration. If I was forced to say something positive, it would be that their lyrics aren't the absolute worst I've heard on a heavy metal album (but they are horrible -- don't get me wrong).    Now, can somebody please tell me if there IS any progressive metal out there? And I mean progressive as in forward-looking, not progressive as in Rush or Yes (both decent bands, but that day is gone).    So far the only heavy band I've found that I can honestly call progressive is Dillinger Escape Plan -- and they're not really metal IMHO (more like prog-thrash). So what gives? Is new metal just another cookie cutter genre like Top 40 pop? Is there no one who has the guts to try something new AND heavy? I despair...
B001IYYIZU|1.0|This turgid, overblown, yet ultimately soporific tale is not aided by the unbearably pretentious accents of the two readers.  Their plummy tones sound at turns angry and bored, and never deviate from these two modes.  I am not surprised that this tale--which sounded promising based upon its advance publicity, which likened it to a rich Victorian mystery/romance--would have the life leached out of it by the windy self-consciousness of an academic-turned-writer.  Only a handful of them are actually able to write clearly, much less compellingly, and Setterfield is not one of the handful.      I spent many a tortured hour on long drives trying to drum up some interest in this story, and trying to ignore the absolutely nerve-jangling reading style (so slow, to boot) but finally left the tale at disc 11 (out of 13). I almost never do this, but finally realized I needed to cut my losses and just start listening to something I'd actually enjoy.
0446613444|5.0|In Black Ice, the second novel featuring LAPD detective Harry Bosch, Michael Connelly has developed Bosch's personality to a point where his cynical, darkly comic character quirks made me laugh out loud. In this book, Bosch is trying to track down the reasons behind a fellow cop's apparent suicide.  In doing so, he uncovers the cop's links to a Mexican drug ring that sells the \\"black ice\\" of the title -- a potent combination of cocaine, heroin and PCP.<br /><br />Bosch's efforts to unravel the story behind his friend's death lead him to a Mexican border town, where readers get a look at the conditions that drive some Mexicans to risk their lives and their freedom to cross illegally into the US.<br /><br />This is the novel in which Bosch meets Sylvia, the dead cop's widow and the woman with whom he will fall in love by the time of his next case, detailed in The Concrete Blonde.
0385335997|4.0|Voyager is the third and novel and of the Outlander series, and definitely one of the premier ones. Historical research on Gabaldon's part shows through in this novel.<br />Voyager is a double entendre - part of it is related to Claire (and a few others) ability to travel through certain portals located around the world. The other aspect is the voyage of the Scottish Clans (mainly the Jacobites) who were transported from their ancestral homelands to the Colonies on the orders of a Monarch who feared being deposed.
B0000062FJ|5.0|This one is for all Carlos Santana fans who enjoy his blues, jazz, and latin sounds.  A gifted musician for the past 40 years, I have seen Carlos perform these songs since 1969.  His vision is timeless and focused.  Enjoy!
0385335989|5.0|The fourth in the series, after relocating to the American Colonies, frontier life in the Carolinas proves heartening, cold, and something of a pleasure at times. The accuracy is amazing, and Gabaldon is a pleasure to read.
B0000062FL|5.0|For anyone who enjoys Carlos Santana in concert, this collection is a must.  I have seen Carlos Santana over the years since 1969.  Each time that I play any of his songs, it is a musical journey that I truly enjoy.
B000BF0D9M|5.0|This is a really nice introduction to Jesse Cook, I don't think there is a bad song in the bunch.    I have just recently learned I really like this kind of music I bought a Rodiguio & Gaberila (spelling) cd, I loved it, I was hooked, started looking at flamenco in Amazon and Jesse kept coming up, and, yes I liked his clips best. so, yep, this is more than worth the price of admission.
1406303631|5.0|Love the book; Hate they don't tell you the DVD is NOT formatted for USA. It would work beautifully if I lived in UK but I live in USA.
B000PKX2KA|5.0|Absolutely fantastic! It exceeded my expectations. It's solidly built (which was one of my concerns, given the cheap price), extremely easy to install, and very, very fast and accurate.    I almost went with a more expensive model, just because I couldn't believe that such a cheap GPS could possibly work as well as advertised. I honestly expected a cheaply made GPS... but I was very pleasantly surprised!    Just fantastic. If you're looking for a GPS receiver to use with a product such as Microsoft's Streets and Trips, or GRLevel 3 radar, or some other similar GPS compatible software, then look no further!
B001LF4IA6|3.0|The 'Boss' has to be one of the most prolific songwriters there is. On this his 24th Studio album, he still shows his desire to create good 'rock 'n' roll'. Although the E-Street Band have accompanied him on this, it is classic Springsteen. I believe that the tracks were recorded quickly and for the most part 'live' in the studio, and it shows as the production is not as good as you would expect. However, this is still a very solid album and one that won't tarnish his reputation. True, there is not alot different here to the 'Magic' album but nevertheless the quality is still evident. Pick of the bunch is the final track 'The Wrestler'. I always enjoy old Brucie's brand of rock 'n' roll, and I enjoy this album.
B0018CWEYY|5.0|I had to buy the 4th season to keep the collection intact. UPS delivered it to my front door, snow up to his knees and temps below zero. I had to open the box in front of him so he would be aware of what he had risked life and limb to deliver. He couldn't help but smile....
1593081529|3.0|While this novel is certainly a cut above most modern fiction, Emma is not Austen's best work. In contrast with Pride and Prejudice and Northanger Abbey's tight narrative structures, Emma is long and rambling. The narrative presents many insignificant details even as it leaves out more important scenes. For example, we are privy to several examples of Miss Bates' idle chatter, but Harriet's capture by the gypsies and Robert Martin's proposal happen offstage. Although Miss Bates is supposed to be a lovable character, I found myself putting the book down during one of her conversations and not returning to it for several months (which is unusual, as I read Northanger Abbey in a day).<br /><br />Nevertheless, the novel does have its redeeming features. Several people have noted that they disliked Emma's snobbishness, but we're not meant to adore her, and the author gently pokes fun at her elitism. Prior to the book's publication, Austen wrote that she feared no one else would love Emma as much as she did, so the protagonist is not intended to be a likeable character. Her flaws balance out her good traits, such as her wit and liveliness. Her dialogues with Mr. Knightley and even Harriet contain subtle zingers that may not be readily apparent to a 20th century reader the first time around. If you think you didn't like this book, you will appreciate it more on a second reading (and you can always skim the boring parts, like poor Miss Bates!). You will learn a great deal about the classist ideology lurking beneath Regency Britain's prim veneer. And if nothing else, reading with the intent to pick up on the characters' oblique but witty repartee will help you sharpen your own wit and social skills.
B001PJ7TUE|5.0|I've read all sorts of negative reviews about this album, and almost all of them seem to state that The Prodigy, and the whole of electronic music along with them, are played-out, out-dated, and can only hope to gain success in advertisements and soundtracks to action movies.    That is not the case, as anyone that actually listens to The Prodigy will know upon first listen of their new record.    This album is strong. In many ways it's exactly what you want it to be, and in other ways the group will still surprise you. There's a great many beats that will have you instantly moving (in whatever way that is), and, what struck me most I think, there are plenty of synths that mirror sounds not heard in electronic music since the late 80's and early 90's.    But mainly, it's just a good Prodigy album. I personally enjoyed \\"Always Outnumbered, Never Outgunned,\\" though I understand why others may think it a disappointment. There were few tracks that really stood out, whereas other Prodigy releases had instantly recognizable favorites. Every track on \\"Invaders Must Die\\" is great in its own way, and not a single song feels rushed, rehashed, or out of place.    This album, I predict, will be in my CD player for a long time.
0307269752|5.0|\\"The Girl With the Dragon Tattoo\\" is mostly a murder mystery set in Sweden.  I know, that sounds like something that would put you to sleep.  Believe me, Larsson's book is not just another murder mystery set in a cold, dark place...though it does take the reader to some dark places.<br /><br />The bulk of the story centers around investigative journalist Mikael Blomkvist , who has been hired by a wealthy industrialist to solve the murder of a young girl who disappeared nearly forty years ago.  There is a lot more to this book than just a murder mystery, though.  It is also a tale of corporate intrigues and love triangles populated by interesting characters that includes a whole family of crazies and the amazing girl with the dragon tattoo.<br /><br />This will probably be in the top 10 books that I read all year.
031606792X|5.0|Breaking dawn is easily the best and most exciting book of the series, although it is very predictable. I still loved it and can't wait to read it again!
B0017WI5VQ|5.0|I LOVE this cd.  I love the Live tracks on the bonus second cd even more!  AWESOME!
087349976X|5.0|I love this book.  It has alot of valuable information and is very helful to make beautiful wire jewelry.  I would definitely recommend this book to anyone wanting to make wire jewelry.
630463949X|3.0|The DVD visually is very good.  The sound quality is terrible in my opinion.  Noticed it immediately upon watching it.  I love Stevie and Fleetwood Mac and have been a faithful fan for many years but I am sorry to say this DVD was not produced well.
B000MR9D5E|5.0|This is truely the most fantastic nature series ever seen! And Sigourney Weaver is superb in the narration. I had the oportunity to purchase the version with the other narrator for less money locally, and I have to say it was worth the extra expense and the wait for the delivery in the mail.  bravo all!!!
B000G8NXYG|5.0|Arguably the greatest Director, Akira Kurosawa, in one of his finest works.  Remade in the USA as \\"The Magnificent Seven\\". Wonderful Samurai movie.
B0000004V2|5.0|It truly does get better with each listen.  Simply put, one of the greatest albums ever recorded.
B00138H0H4|5.0|I'm an older musician and it's just my opinion that the music industry has been flat for along time. Brandi Carlile and a few others are actually making music with feeling and sophistication that I've missed for a long time. I for one have everything she has out and am looking forward to this young artist to continue making great recordings over the years to come.
0143039431|5.0|It wasn't that this had some exciting story that kept the reader glued to the pages.  No shocking climax (although there are a number of shocking events portrayed throughout), no personified villian... none of that.<br /><br />The Grapes of Wrath is phenomenal not for the unforgetable cross-country trek of the Joad family in the post-depression years, but for the essence of humanity which Steinbeck so perfectly captures in every chapter.  Steinbeck demonstrates how people who are just barely getting by on what they have sometimes have more to give to their fellow man than the wealthiest citizens our society has to offer.  He draws a vivid picture of struggle during hard times for the most disenfanchized Americans, yet shows the emotional side of poverty and disolutionment, and reveals how genuin humanity can often be most prevalent amidst the most inhumane of living conditions.<br /><br />It has been said that Steinbeck had a socialist agenda when he came out with The Grapes of Wrath, but I couldn't disagree more with that assessment.  Steinbeck isn't so much jabbing at a political/economic injustice in this novel as he is striking at the lack of humanity that can be brought about when business efficiency and profitability are thought to trump human decency.<br /><br />As I write this review the American financial system is once again in peril, and themes from Steinbeck's The Grapes of Wrath are suddenly becoming more meaningful than they had been when I read this book in high school.  I am amazed at how true and applicable Steinbecks points still ring today, and I recomend this book to anyone who hasn't read it in years or who has yet to read it for the first time.
B00005JPY2|4.0|Director Zack Snyder deserves a lot of credit for sticking as close to the graphic novel as possible, yet changing just enough to not totally alienate someone who has never heard of or read the source material before taking the venture to the local theater.<br /><br />The visuals are a thing of beauty. The grimy city looks and feels like a living organism. The CGI world and other various visual effects throughout the entire movie are well done, never forcing you out of this alternate 1985. By the way, this flick holds nothing back in the blood and guts department either. Not quite Sin City level, but darn close.<br /><br />The cast is hit and miss. Jackie Earle Haley as Rorschach is by far the best fit of any character in the film. He is just amazing with and without the ever changing inkblot mask. I read rumors that he might play Freddy Krueger in The Nightmare of Elm Street remake. I would have said \\"no way\\" before, but now I'm convinced that he would be the best replacement for Robert Englund (though I don't think the original needs to be remade). Jeffrey Dean Morgan as The Comedian, who is best known to me as the father of the two Winchester boys on the TV show Supernatural, is also outstanding even though he has limited screen time. Billy Crudup's soft and monotone voice actually fit the powerful Dr. Manhattan nicely, seeming to add intelligence to every word. I know a lot of people think that Malin Akerman was miscast, but I quite enjoyed her and thought she brought the right amount of sexiness to Silk Spectre II.<br /><br />The Comedian's death, the inspired 7 minute or so title sequence and Dr. Manhattan's whole transformation story are the true hightlights, as well as, most of Rorschach's scenes.<br /><br />Now for the negatives. Patrick Wilson was just okay as the boring Nite Owl II, but I never cared much about the character to begin with. Matthew Goode as Ozymandias was the worst of the whole lot in my opinion. Not horrible by any means, but the weak link for sure. The soundtrack features some great classic rock songs, but other than Bob Dylan's \\"The Times They Are A'Changin\\" over the titles, none really mesh well with what's on screen.  Also, the first 2/3 of the movie are really good, but the last 1/3 does drag and even left me wanting to revisit earlier moments.<br /><br />Overall, as a casual fan of the graphic novel, I found more to admire than dislike with Watchmen the movie. Those uninitiated into this world may be checking their watch often, but most fans should be happy with what Snyder managed to do with this \\"unfilmable\\" material.tures some great classic rock songs, but other than Bob Dylan's \\"The Times They Are A'Changin\\" over the titles, none really mesh well with what's on screen.  Also, the first 2/3 of the movie are really good, but the last 1/3 does drag and even left me wanting to revisit earlier moments.    Overall, as a casual fan of the graphic novel, I found more to admire than dislike with Watchmen the movie. Those uninitiated into this world may be checking their watch often, but most fans should be happy with what Snyder managed to do with this \\"unfilmable\\" material.
B001ED7C58|5.0|This cd is just what i needed. there are songs on here that get into your head in a good way and helped me get away from my life. They put songs that are hot now and ones i have never heard of but that just made it better.
B000A5044C|5.0|A very long, slow moving film, clocks in at 2 hours 20 minutes. The entire film, the editing, the sound, all move very slowly and deliberately. The film lopes along while building a remarkable story.<br /><br />The film is a case of not perfect production, not perfect sound, not perfect acting, not perfect focus, but incredible power, a captivating movie. The editing pace is just perfection. The unveiling speed of the story is perfection. Even with all the imperfections, this film is virtually a masterpiece, a slot moving one, but a masterpiece.<br /><br />It's well known starting this film, these young children are going to be left alone to live in an apartment by themselves, and that the film is fictional but based on a true story. The intrigue of when it will happen and how, is so wonderful. Every 10 or 15 minutes the film started this reviewer thinking about different things. And the film seemed to propose answers to those questions.<br /><br />The children in this film are remarkable. The oldest son is not a stellar actor, but he has a magnetism.<br /><br />The film has a documentary feel to it. But it is a dramatic film, not documentary. The director knows exactly how long to hold on certain scenes and how to cut away quickly in other instances.<br /><br />This is a bleak film. It is dark. But there is a light inside these wonderful children, how they deal with the cards they have received. How life goes on. The ending is a true shock.<br /><br />The DVD has no bonus features. The film is rated PG-13, there is no violence, no language, and no nudity. It is likely younger children could watch this film. It is presented in Japanese with English subtitles. No worry, there is not a lot of dialog.
0061122416|3.0|Paulo Coelho nos sumerge en una simetria con la historia del Pequeno Prince de Antoine de Saint Exupery.  Ambos personajes van a tierras lejanas en busca de tesoros, ambos caracteres encuentran que lo esencial es invisible a los ojos...quizas asi sea el milagro del amor, el que no necesita explicacion, ni palabras magicas, ni hechizos, sino que es simple, caritativo y nos libera para ayudarnos a crecer.  Por otra parte creo que las propias vivencias de Paulo se mezclan para matizar el paisaje, el crecer en Brasil entre una mezcla de lo pagano, macumba, y lo espiritual, el catolicismo, dejan huellas en su escritura.  El ser espiritual se entreteje con el material en una red de disyuntivas entre elegir a uno u otro, sin olvidar que el ser humano es un personaje complejo.  A su vez usa filosofias como la del Dali Lama, donde el pasado es ido, el futuro incierto y lo unico que nos queda es el presente.  Esto no deja de lado la controversia entre la predeterminacion y el hecho de que cada uno escribe su propia historia.   Quizas lo mas decepcionante sea el final en donde el personaje principal tiene que recurrir a encontrar un tesoro para volver a la persona amada.  Aun asi, entiendo que sea de esa manera porque aun cuando todas las fuerzas contribuyeran a senalarnos el camino seria imposible para muchos dicernir entre los dos tesoros...el ser amado o los bienes terrenales.Pero como dice la Biblia: \\"Hay tres cosas que permanecen: la fe, la esperanza y el amor; pero la ms importante es el amor.\\" (1 Corintios 13,13)    El mensaje de Paulo Coelho no es caduco, es latiente y vigente y por ello merece toda la atencion del lector para emprender juntos el viaje hacia la realizacion del ser.
0061537969|5.0|One of the best books I've ever read.  I hesitated at first because I could care less about auto racing.  The dog (narrator) Enzo will steal your heart.  Humor, sadness, wisdom ---and more.  I could not put it down.  The story will stay with me for a long, long, time.
B001M5UDGS|5.0|Dr. Horrible's Sing-Along Blog is a really fun DVD. Any fans of Firefly/Serenity will likely enjoy it. Not only does it have the awesome Sing-Along Blog, but the extras are great, too. I especially recommend \\"Commentary! The Musical\\", where you'll enjoy such songs as \\"I'm Better Than Neil\\" (sung by Nathan Fillion, of course).
B001ACH4DS|2.0|When I was out at the mall doing some shopping, I heard \\"Light On\\" come over the speakers above. I didn't know who it was, but the hook stayed with me, and I looked up the song when I got home to find out it was David Cook...an American Idol winner (I don't watch that silly, money-hungry, nonsensical show anymore).    Anyway, I was VERY impressed by his vocal quality (range, power, gruffness, ability to hit high notes with general ease). I had high hopes for the album that song was building people up for, and many people, according to the reviews here, had their hopes met. Not so for me. I would wager that many of these reviews are from teens and people in their twenties. And they probably think that this is a NEW sound...guess what?  It ISN'T! This EXTREMELY SAFE formula was heavy as lead in the eighties, and it even spilled over a bit into the nineties with grunge. The sound has quietly persisted into the next century with bands like Nickelback and Staind. However, the previously named bands can get away with minimal guitar solos and heavy rhythm sections in their compositions. To have just another person or band with the same repetitious formula is disheartening, and sadly, this album is very disappointing. I was hoping for more of what \\"Light On\\" is...a strong song with an awesome hook and a guitar solo (although it was a very amateurish solo, something I could have whipped out on my Strat twenty years ago in a matter of seconds without even thinking about it), but a guitar solo nonetheless--which is an element of rock music that is almost completely missing in the music coming down the pipe these days.  Two stars on this dud!    NOTE TO DAVID:  ALMOST EVERY SINGLE SONG IS THE SAME EXACT REPETITIOUS SONG AFTER THE NEXT! Hey David, spread your wings and expand your horizons on the next album. Be the musician that your vocal talent is evidence to! Oh...and get rid of your terrible lead guitarist! Two words...he sucks!     One more note about the lead guitar player:  David's guitarist is NOT a guitarist and has no business being on a professionally produced album. He overplays his abilities which are minimal at best! He has no voice or style to his solos at all; it almost sounds like he's trying too hard to be something he's not!  Give it up whoever you are!    NOTE: One great song: Light On  One mediocre song: Declaration  One fairly good, but formulaic mellow song: Permanent  One wanna-be metal song: Bar-Ba-Sol    The rest are a recipe for a yawn-fest!
B0010V4TZU|1.0|I hated this album since the first and only play thru. Crappy music. I dont understand where the buzz came from for this band
B000AS4L16|5.0|This Korean product is an excellent buy, and there are no problems with the quality of the picture or audio transfer.  This is one of the important Holocaust documentaries that should not be missed.
B001DTPZNY|1.0|Like just about everyone else on planet earth, I loved the first three Indiana Jones movies. So, like just about everyone else on the planet, I was seriously jazzed for the new one. MY LORD, IT SUCKED. Ford is walking through his scenes, there's no thrill, no adrenaline, lame CG, unbelievable nuclear blast scenes, unbelievable scenes where multiple Russians are spraying full auto fire at our heroes and no one's ever hit, etc etc. It's just not exciting--period. Unforgiveable...Spielberg, you signed off on this? People, be warned--it's BAD. And it's a damn shame.
B001B1R1EU|5.0|This recording is the ideal way to hear these trumpet classics.  Alison Balsom's playing is not only flawless, it is wonderfully communicative and leaves nothing to be desired.  The accompaniment from The Deutsche Kammerphilharmonie Bremen is as alert and nuanced as you would expect from the world's greatest chamber orchestra.
B000001GBJ|5.0|I bought this CD, thinking it was the soundtrack to one of several movie versions of The Secret Garden. However, the beautiful, inspiring accompanying notes lead me to believe otherwise. Am I disappointed? NOT! I am THRILLED with the beauty of Rolf Lovland's compositions featuring Fionnuala Sherry's violin. What a treasure. I've played the CD so often that the tracks have already become familiar friends. If you want gentle, inspiring music to carry you away to your own Secret Garden, this CD will help you.
B00065MDRW|5.0|still the best album ever made.  looks funny in cd form, but still excellent sound.
B000089RV6|5.0|I am not going to comment on the music or artist. Billions of people know and love this classic but..........    AC/DC NEVER HAD A SONG CALLED     GIVIN' the dog a bone    Ive owned this on Atlantic 8 track Atlantic cassette Atlantic CD and Atlantic LP vinyl as well as import vinyl and the song is titled GivEn the dog a bone (with an E)    Why did SONY feel the need to educate us? Ive always known it was WRONG but its........actually AC/ DC's spelling not mine or Sony.
B00003CXMG|5.0|Almost Famous is definitely on my top 5. I just love everything about it. Buy the DVD, buy the soundtrack, and prepare to enjoy it over and over again. Without this movie, Kate Hudson would be completely unredeemable. She shows that she has completely inherited her mother's unexplainable charisma, although I haven't seen it since in the average romantic comedies she's done since. And Patrick Fugit? Perfect. I can't imagine anyone else in that part.
B001PPLIEG|1.0|I never was a Bond movie fan.  When Casino Royale came out a few years ago, I went and saw it and thought it was great.  This one was a big crappy follow up.
B001PJ7TUE|3.0|I must admit that I just cannot get into this album. I think the best thing that can be said is that Prodigy has yet again taken another turn (sort of) with their music. It most ways, it is not like any of their previous releases. Of course I loved everything through Fat of the Land pretty much instantly. Then they released 'Always Outnumbered, Never Outgunned' (AOAO). This to me was one of Liam's more intriguing releases. It was aggressive, in your face prodigy without Keith and Maxim. Instead, there were guest vocals with Juliet Lewis, who I think was a great fit for Prodigy. The two songs she guest sings on *Spitfire\\" and \\"Hot Ride\\" are two of the best songs on that CD, and maybe ever. This particular CD stepped out of the Prodigy mold and I think promised a good direction for them to continue.    Based on all that, I think this is in part why I am disappointed with this CD. After AOAO, I think Liam got luke warm feed back so he tried to recreate some of the sounds early Prodigy. There are some elements on this CD which sound like old Prodigy, but at the same time it is slightly different. So I must admit that this album feels like little progress has been made. Additionally, some of the keyboard voices he uses for the main melodies just grate on my nerves. I could understand that maybe in the 80's 90's this could have been a cool sound, but after listening to electronic music so long, it sounds very cheesy to me. Which is unfortunate, because some of the beats that these songs have are decent and if they were given better voices for the melodies, I think I would have rated this CD higher.    I am disappointed with this release, I just hope that I don't have to wait another 5 years for another though. This CD may grow on me, but for now I can only call it average.
B00005JPY2|4.0|Watchmen's only downfall may be that it is too complex and brilliant a story to appeal to a general public expecting a simple action-filled superhero movie.  More an intricate conspiracy thriller than a crime-fighting actioner, Watchmen plays out around an earth-shattering mystery, but the process of uncovering the truth retains the stimulating adventure, flashy visuals, and mesmerizing blend of sensationalism and morbid examination of human nature expected from a new generation of comic book movies.  Watchmen is a no-holds-barred exploration into infinite power and its subsequent corruption, draped in the visceral glory of the most imaginative visual minds.<br /><br />Watchmen is set in an alternate 1985 where masked superheroes once ruled the night, the United States won the Vietnam War, and Richard Nixon continues his Presidency as the \\"Doomsday\\" clock predicting total nuclear destruction remains set at 5 minutes to midnight. The twisted plot unfolds through the eyes of washed-up former superhero Rorschach (Jackie Earle Haley), a masked vigilante whose paranoid psychosis is surpassed only by his uncompromising quest for justice.  When The Comedian (Jeffrey Dean Morgan), a Watchman with sadistic methods of retribution is mysteriously murdered, Rorschach scours the underbelly of the city for clues to his comrade's untimely demise.  Uncovering a devastating conspiracy to kill all remaining superheroes, he must enlist the aid of several former colleagues, including Nite Owl (Patrick Wilson) and Silk Spectre (Malin Akerman), to wage a suicidal war against a criminal mastermind of nearly limitless power.<br /><br />Presented in a film noir narration by Rorschach, Watchmen is nothing less than a superhero movie fused with action, drama, romance, science-fiction, fantasy, crime thriller, and murder mystery. To call it simply a comic book movie wouldn't do it justice; in fact, with its lack of actual paranormal powers, it's really not a superhero movie at all. It intricately blends politics, morals, and societal complexities into an unrelenting thinking-man's fantasy epic that intelligently challenges the ideas of vigilantism, nuclear war and the abuse of power. But will the superhero crowd, not entirely familiar with Watchmen lore, embrace a film so esoterically heavy and appropriately lengthy?<br /><br />With so many plots, red herrings and backstories to tell, Watchmen clocks in at nearly three hours long - and still can't cover everything. Most impressive is the amazing visuals and unique imagery brought to life from Alan Moore and Dave Gibbon's graphic novel, coupled with sex, action and violence never before seen in a comic book movie. There's no shortage of nudity or graphic bloodshed in Watchmen as the fate of the world rests on the shoulders of psychopaths, glorified gang members with a penchant for dressing up and finishing what the law can't, and a nuclear accident victim gone awry. To call Watchmen simply a comic book movie would be as helpful as \\"a photograph of oxygen to a drowning man.\\"<br /><br />- The Massie Twinspolitics, morals, and societal complexities into an unrelenting thinking-man's fantasy epic that intelligently challenges the ideas of vigilantism, nuclear war and the abuse of power. But will the superhero crowd, not entirely familiar with Watchmen lore, embrace a film so esoterically heavy and appropriately lengthy?    With so many plots, red herrings and backstories to tell, Watchmen clocks in at nearly three hours long - and still can't cover everything. Most impressive is the amazing visuals and unique imagery brought to life from Alan Moore and Dave Gibbon's graphic novel, coupled with sex, action and violence never before seen in a comic book movie. There's no shortage of nudity or graphic bloodshed in Watchmen as the fate of the world rests on the shoulders of psychopaths, glorified gang members with a penchant for dressing up and finishing what the law can't, and a nuclear accident victim gone awry. To call Watchmen simply a comic book movie would be as helpful as \\"a photograph of oxygen to a drowning man.\\"    - The Massie Twins
B001J1O83E|4.0|'Taken' is a great action movie.  Liam Neeson is cast in the role of an ex-special agent who has left his job to live nearer to his daughter.  He and his wife are divorced and his daughter lives with her mother and step-father who are quite wealthy and not as protective of her as Liam Neeson is.  His daughter travels to France with a friend and is abducted by white slave traders shortly after she arrives there.  Just as she is being abducted she is speaking to Liam Neeson on the phone.  He gives her instructions on what to do.  The abductors pick up the phone and Liam Neeson tells them to release his daughter or they will be sorry. The rest of the movie is non-stop action as Liam Neeson flies to France in order to find his daughter.<br /><br />One might think that this casting is out-of-character, and it is, but it is brilliant!  Liam Neeson may well be the next great action movie actor.  He is toned up and trimmed down.  Whoever did his training for the moves in this film is to be commended.  He kicks butt!<br /><br />If you like action movies, don't miss this.  You will be on the edge of your seat the whole time.
B001NXBRJG|5.0|With over 2,000 reviews, there is no sense discussing the movie so I will just address this to readers wondering if the Blu-Ray transfer is as good as they, perhaps, have heard.    Yes, it is - it's incredble. I am not a particular fan of the film, especially the sequels, so I say these remarks with no bias. I just rented this first \\"Matrix\\" to see how it looked. Well, it Blu (pun intended) me away!!  At this point, I've seen around 50 Blu-Ray DVDs and this is as good as it gets. I can't imagine how you could make it any better.  It's so sharp, I just sat there mesmerized by it. The sound also is outstanding....another upgrade. I've seen this movie three times now and I swear I heard a lot of background talk and stuff I never heard before.    So....if you read that the audio and visuals are 5-star caliber - believe it; it's true.
0451196716|5.0|This is really an awesome book by king. It my favorite so far out of 5 other books that I've read by king. To make this book short this book is about a 100 boys, about 16 yrs of age who made the decision to be contestants in the Long Walk. Each boy has a chance to receive three warnings after which they are shot down...DEAD. The last one standing will be the winner, who will receive a prize of their choice.<br /><br />I would recommend this book to anyone and everyone. I can almost guarantee you will not be disappointed.
B00003CXZ1|4.0|Angeline Jolie, gives us the female version of \\"Indiana Jones\\" in this wild cartoon-like adventure story, which is fun to watch. Being a mentally lightweight action film with no credibility (no villain ever harms Jolie in this film despite firepower that would take out some Third World countries) but our heroine is there to save the day, of course!    Jolie mainly is there to show off her chest in tight tee-shirts and perform near-impossible stunts. To her credit, she went to extreme lengths to get herself physically-fit for the role.    Audio-wise, this is a one of the better DVDs you will ever hear, with excellent use of the surround speakers. Nice scenery, a sharp picture and low profanity also are pluses. Yes, the action is a little much and too loud in spots but otherwise \\"Tomb Raider\\" is a fun adventure that is recommended to all.    p.s. Skip the sequel; it's a weak one.
B0000YEEGM|4.0|Rain Man starring Tom Cruise and Dustin Hoffman won many Academy Awards including Best Picture and Best Actor for Hoffman. Hoffman's performance is pretty amazing but I felt Cruise should've won too, I never thought of Cruise as an actor with incredible range but he is flawless in this film. The bond between these two guys keeps this film from being lifeless and calculated. Good film even after all these years, enjoy!
031606792X|4.0|Bella and Edward finally tie the knot as vampire and wife. When the honeymoon consummates the relationship between human and vampire, the unexpected happens. Bella finds herself pregnant with Edward's vampire child. Bella gives birth to a unique half-human half-vampire baby and almost dies. Edward saves her with his venom turning her into the vampire she always wanted to be. The Volturi, vampire law enforcers, seek to destroy the baby and the entire Cullen clan. Will Bella's new undeveloped talent be enough to save them all? Find out in the final book in the twilight series \\"Breaking Dawn\\" by Stephenie Meyer.<br /><br />-Tenaya Jacob, author of \\"Seasonings of the Soul.\\"
B0015OKWL2|2.0|Pacino and DeNiro are two of the best actors ever, but they are 68 and 65 years old respectively, and they look every second of it.  They can't play cops anymore.  Most cops retire in their mid 50s, because by then most of them already have 25 to 30 years of service, and they can retire with full pension benefits.  Those that still want to work often take lucrative gigs in private security and private investigation work (which is on top of their generous taxpayer-funded pensions).<br /><br />This is a decent little thriller, but I simply cannot suspend disbelief that they would still be on the job at that age.  Pacino, particularly, looks well into his 70s, even though he hasn't yet turned 69.  By casting 70 year-old Brian Dennehy (who looks 80) as their boss, they tried to make the two leads look younger by comparison, but it just compounds the silliness.  Most police forces have a mandatory retirement age, and it doesn't go up to age 70, even for the highest ranking officers.<br /><br />There are still many juicy roles these guys can play, and I hope to see much more from each of them.  They just cannot play cops anymore.
B001EOQWFI|1.0|We purchased a BluRay player on the basis that BluRay discs are not regional.  Most are not but the option to include it exists.  Disney seems to be the company that uses it.  The sales information did not mention the regional code.  It is region A which we cannot play on our non-USA player.
0439023483|5.0|This book was incredible! Once I started reading I couldn't stop and I actually finished it in one sitting! I lent it to my mom, sister and friends to read and they all rave about it now too. It was a great story with a little for everyone; love, action, fantasy etc. I can't wait for Catching Fire (the second book) to come out.
B0000DCGT0|4.0|I was struck by how this 2003 film resonates in 2009's economic meltdown for this is a story of The Great Depression's major media obession: the racehorse who beat the odds and made a big comeback. The story took peoples' minds off hard times back in 1938, and the well-done movie is capable of a similar, though much shorter-lasting, feat today. Jeff Bridges is great. There are many twists and turns in this movie. It's not just a horse racing yarn. Do catch this.
B000ENWKN8|5.0|I really was surprised with how enjoyable this album is to listen to. It has a faster pace than other products Rob Zombie has put out and has a nice flow to the song organization throughout the play. I just wish it were longer. It starts strong and leaves a nice pleasant finish on the pallet. Couldn't ask for anything more from a classic Metal Master. A modern application of an old school Metal Head. The \\"Sound\\" is like Agent Orange only more Metal and not so much Punk.
B000HT3PPG|5.0|A perpetual Christmas favorite, this was part of a CD movie pack that I gave my hubby for Christmas. We both love it. Thanks for the speedy shipping.
B0015519VS|4.0|I was never was really a Usher fan but after just sitting back and really listening to this cd his music has grown up as he has. He has a fan in me. Then I started listening to Confessions and that the bomb! What's married man music? Why can't it just be romantic music because that what it is...it's quite nice...it is what it is!   My favorite's  1. Here I stand  2. Trading places  3. Something special  4. Love you gently
B00092ZL80|5.0|I've been to concerts that both groups have performed and would never have dreamed of seeing them together. What a concert! If you like these groups separately, you'll love them together. Talent galore. Thanks for speedy shipping!
B0001WTWCO|4.0|I really liked this movie.  I think it's best to start with that.  I gave it four stars (which translates into a `B' rating or sorts from me) so you know that I liked it.  That said, it is not the emotional rollercoaster of a film I was really expecting.  Part of that may come from the fact that I felt this was Fiennes' weaker performance and that his character didn't really resonate with me, which is a shame because aside from his personal contribution to the film I really, really enjoyed myself.  I love Ralph Fiennes and do consider him one of our finest working actors, but I felt something missing in his performance here.<br /><br />Just for a quick overview:<br /><br />`The English Patient' is told over a collage of flashbacks as injured Almasy recalls his love affair with the married Katherine.  His nurse Hana struggles to connect with Almasy as she weeds out her own issues, especially when it comes to love and her recent yearnings for Kip, a bomb diffuser.<br /><br />That's basically it.  The film is of course littered with a few side plots and a slew of characters that pepper in some charm and energy into the film, but for the most part the above synopsis covers it really.  That's not a bad thing at all, for the simpler the plot the more opportunity the director and actors have to embellish.  For the most part `The English Patient' works.  It is a very nicely crafted and developed film and the acting is all decent (no, I'm not contradicting myself), in parts even spectacular.  The story is beautifully tragic and Minghella's adaptation is very rewarding.  He is a visually commanding director (his work in `Cold Mountain' is just as spectacular, and his work on `The Talented Mr. Ripley' is one of the best directorial achievements in modern cinema) and so it is no surprise that this film is captivating from start to finish.<br /><br />Don't listen to the naysayers; the pace of this film is perfect.<br /><br />The problem I have with this film is that it is not emotionally investing.  What I mean is that, while the ending is enough to make anyone cry regardless of their feelings on the film in general, it doesn't stay with you.  The next day or even later that evening your emotions will have subsided and you'll all but forget that you were moved.  I don't often like to compare films, because I feel that every film deserves its own individual analysis, but I'm forced to give an example.  A whole month after watching `Brokeback Mountain' I was pumping gas and an image of Ennis came into my head and my stomach tightened as I felt the emotional punch to the gut that that particular film left me.  You don't get that with this movie.  Another example; a few weeks after I saw `Atonement' (a film that is often likened to this movie) I saw a trailer for the film and I started to cry.  Again, you don't get that with this movie.<br /><br />That isn't to say that `The English Patient' will not touch you or that the story is not moving.  While you are watching the film you will feel moved and touched, that is for certain, but like I said; it's not a lasting feeling.<br /><br />I credit a lot of that to Fiennes, who I felt performed rather underwhelming here.  He was outshone completely by his co-stars, the luminescent Kristin Scott Thomas and the Oscar winning Juliette Binoche.  Both actresses transcend their characters and become a part of us.  Thomas is probably best in show here; her body language alone is just mesmerizing.  Standing next to her, Fiennes is almost invisible.<br /><br />In the end I highly recommend this one, but if you are looking for a film that will stay with you a lifetime this may not be that film.  I know that a lot of people feel differently than I do, and you may be one of them.  Please remember that film is art and that we all see things differently, which is a good thing.  One reviewer commented on a recent review of mine, stating that I should try to enjoy films and not pollute my reviews with my opinions (not those exact words, but that was his gist).  Why review a film if we cannot be honest and let others know exactly how we feel?  I am not here trying to persuade you away from a movie, but just trying to give you my perspective.  If it's helpful then great, if not then I'm sorry.<br /><br />Anyways, I just wanted to say that.lm if we cannot be honest and let others know exactly how we feel?  I am not here trying to persuade you away from a movie, but just trying to give you my perspective.  If it's helpful then great, if not then I'm sorry.      Anyways, I just wanted to say that.
B001GQSY5K|5.0|This DVD came in great condition and on time. This was a gift and my nephew loved it!
B000XA5K48|5.0|I don't know if I could even write a full review of how much I enjoy this movie. It is a parody of all other senseless action movies before it, while at the same time making one that is the best of the genre. The actors are good, the action scenes are jaw droppingly great, the one liners are hilarious, Paul Giamati is a great villain, Clive Owen is awesome (as always), and the title describes what you will get with the movie. The movie is about 1/4 talking and 3/4 action, just how an action movie should be. My only complaint is the length. It is less than 90 minutes. But aside from that, the carrot deaths, the shoot out in the sky, the shoot out in the gun factory, the shoot out in the hotel room, and a whole lot of other cool scenes. Get this movie because it is AWESOME!
B001IF266C|5.0|While I think this is a fantastic product, I have to berate all the people who are quoting it's lyrics - incorrectly!!  Clowns starts off with \\"Only clowns would play with those balloons/what d'ya wanna look like Barbie for?\\" clearly an indictment of plastic surgery.  And the little bird chorus is \\"July, ly, ly\\" not do you lie lie lie!  The orignial deluxe edition has a hand written lyric booklet with drawings, both by Alison herself.  It is difficult to decipher what she is singing, but don't post lyrics if you don't know them!  Additionally, this is not a departure in sound for them, but more of a return to their inital sound from the first album \\"Felt Montain.\\"  Goldfrapp are more complex than simply an electro-clash dance band...And as for releasing 2 deluxe versions, both with separate additional content, I am so tired of record companies doing this in a staggered fashion - why not release all versions at the same time and let us decide?  Or simply do one deluxe version with all extra content...
B0002234LS|5.0|i love this \\"fantastic\\" movie.  this is the 1st role i found confirmation in depp's beauty and talent.  depp's subtle yet profound presence is felt in each scene. subtlety is not often found in king's stories.  fast paced yet drawn out, this movie is underrated and is or certainly will be a cult classic.  in this movie, i find johnny depp gorgeous, stylish and sublime.    joannaha.com
B00005JPY2|5.0|\\"Watchmen\\" the film, has been a long-awaited and highly anticipated screen adaptation of the graphic novel.  The story begins in 1985 with Cold War tensions escalating and Nixon as President.  The Watchmen, once a group of costumed heroes/crime fighters, are now forced to sit back and watch the world come to the brink of a nuclear holocaust.  Or are they?  No...they aren't.  They suit up and do what they do best and try to put a stop to the impending nuclear war.    The bottom line is that \\"Watchmen\\" is a fast-moving, visual feast that stays extremely faithful to the source material.  Director Zack Snyder kept an impressively dark vision in re-creating Dave Gibbons' illustrations.  Although some scenes were made shorter, some were cut out, others were enhanced, specifically action scenes that leave the viewer feeling very impressed.    All the characters were exceptionally cast.  Patrick Wilson was perfect for Dan Dreiberg/ Nite Owl.  You will certainly keep your eyes glued to the screen when Laure Jupiter (Malin Akerman) makes an appearance, but even more so when she struts in her spandex costume as Silk Spectre.  Rorschach (Jackie Earle Haley) was a complete thrill to read in the novel, and continues that on screen.  The people in the film were in awe of Dr. Manhattan (Billy Crudup), and you will be too when you see him.  The special effects for his character were incredible.      So, who watches the \\"Watchmen?\\"  You do.  Or rather you should.  And make sure you watch them in IMAX.  You won't be disappointed.
031606792X|5.0|I love the fourth book. I just most recently was introduced to this series from a friend and I couldn't put it down. I read all four books in the span of a week! I was so sad when I got to the end of Breaking Dawn and saw.....the end. No, I didn't want it to end...I wanted another story to read. Do the volturi come back? I want to hear more about edward and bella's relationship now that she is a vampire also. I want to read about Jacob and Renesmee. I want it to keep going.....    Overall, I loved all the books...but Breaking Dawn is my favorite. I am surprised at the bad reviews I read. I don't really write reviews, but after seeing the negative ones here...I had to. This book was amazing, I agreed with the person who wrote the review mentioning that book 4 was more \\"adult\\". I am 33, a mother, and I loved it. 100%
B000001ESP|4.0|Moving Pictures is a classic album of great songs, performed with unmatched innovation and artistry by the classic power trio Rush. I've loved the album for over a quarter century. This review will concentrate on the sound of the new remastered version -- the release now being sold by Mercury records.     I read on the Steve Hoffman forum last week about fans' differing opinions of the original mastering of the Moving Pictures CD, \\"The Rush Remasters\\" series, and the Mobile Fidelity Sound Lab Gold CD (out of print). Not having the Mobile Fidelity, I can't comment on that. But the discussion prompted me to obtain a copy of the original CD from a friend, to compare to my Rush Remasters edition, which is the current release available on Mercury.     The original master was a bit dark, with less midrange than remaster, the cymbals and hi-hat sounded just a bit \\"tizzy\\" -- a bit more electronic and less organic. The original is less clear, and Geddy Lee sounds as if he's a little farther away. The remaster is cleaner and clearer. It is easier to distinguish the individual instrument lines. And Geddy sounds like he's closer to the mike, a little louder.     What I find a bit disturbing is that the remaster, while being cleaner, is also a bit less dynamic. The drum beats don't have the same impact. This is noticed more on some songs than others. It was very evident on Tom Sawyer. Not as much on Red Barchetta. And so on.     I have respected Robert Ludwig's mastering work a great deal. I have many vinyl albums he cut the LP masters for. I have a Canadian pressing of Moving Pictures Bob Ludwig mastered that I've played countless times. It has as much or possibly more dynamic punch than the original CD. Now I'm losing my faith in Ludwig. Perhaps he bowed to what the band required when making The Rush Remasters. I think the apparent dynamic compression subtly but significantly diminishes the artistry of the music.     If you are buying this album on CD, you have a choice between the dynamic but slightly veiled sound of the original release (you'll have to buy it used, but they are quite inexpensive), or the current clearer remastered CD, which blunts the dynamic force of Geddy's bass and Neal Peart's drums. The Mobile Fidelity Sound Lab Gold CD version has the dynamic strengths of the original release and the clarity of the remaster -- so really it is the best of both worlds, but that is a pricey out of print collector's item.     This makes me a bit sad. Maybe it also explains why after I bought the Rush Remaster edition of Moving Pictures, I didn't play the as much anymore. On the plus side, the dynamic compression of the remastered CD will sound better in noisy environments like an automobile, or listening on an iPod on the bus. The quieter musical subtleties won't be as buried by road noise.    The remaster represents progress of a sort, but a qualified kind of progress. And in some ways, it's a step back, because the dynamics of the original master tape, as judged by the original vinyl LP, were not fully preserved.
1400086035|5.0|Absolutely, hands down the best reading of Charles Dickens' \\"A Christmas Carol\\". Jim Dale is the most versatile voice actor working today and puts forth a tremendous performance in this novel. My family and I listen to this every year and never tire of this rendition. A must have for your family holiday travels.
B0002STNQ2|3.0|Ok...so it's probably been a good fifteen years since I picked up a book by Michael Crichton. I saw this one sitting around the office one day as a co-worker had finished reading earlier in the day. Since I was looking for soemthing to read I picked it up and went to town. So what did I think? Honestly, it was just OK. The good is that it is an easy read, and filled with a decent amount of action. The bad is that the book starts off relatively slow, and it reads like a movie script. I mean not literally, but in the sense that it seems as if Mr. Crichton was writing this with idea that it could be turned into a movie. I've read plenty of his books, the science seemed right on, it just lacked the intriguing characters and heart of his earlier works.
0743298039|3.0|Frankly I grow tired of these books that promise some deep exciting intrigue and really have a pretty tired premise by the end. This is well-written in regard to the language but the plot is not particularly inventive or new.  \\"Jane Eyre\\" did the mad-woman-in-the-attic pretty well and this novel, while readable, is also somewhat forgettable.  It would be a great beach read or a great winter break read when you don't have high expectations.
0440242576|1.0|Imagine if someone decided not to celebrate Christmas.  That's right no tree, no decorations, no presents.  Of course, millions either don't celebrate Christmas or do so in a non-materialistic fashion every year.  But, what a concept.  No Christmas lighting.  Wouldn't the neighborhood go crazy.  Of course, relatively few people cloak their homes in garish holiday excess.  But what about all the parties.  Someone would have to be a real scrooge to fail to provide gifts and engage in robust drinking with one's office-mates for Christmas.  Of course, few businesses still sponsor a holiday party and even fewer provide alcohol or gift-giving opportunities.<br /><br />Grisham relies on the broadest and most simple-minded holiday sterotypes to serve up a simple-minded and broad message.  Nearly as meaningful and authentic as a mall Santa.
B000006SGT|5.0|[[ASIN:B000006SGT The Complete Animals]] A re-mastered collection of songs performed by The Animals with singer Eric Burdon including some previously unreleased tunes. This is really a \\"history\\" of the band. I bought it for the cut \\"I'm Mad Again.\\" I am a fan of Eric Burdon and am very happy with this addition to my CD library.
1401200605|4.0|This was a really cool book. The artwork is great and the story is pretty cool aswell
0596009208|1.0|I have done some Java programming but was a bit rusty and figured a overview type book would be nice.  However I found this book pretty much useless.  The layout is like a comic book with lots of graphics but little content.  I found it worthless and will likely not look at any other Head First series books, the format just fails for me.
B000002UAO|4.0|I understand people loving he wonderfulness of having Rubber Soul as it was originally intended.  But as Someone who bought and played and played over and over again The US version when it first came out...  That is the way I hear the whole album in my head and the way I want to hear it . Fortunately I still have the the original on Vinyl so at least at home I can . Yes I know I can download and create the same songlist on a disc or Ipod,computer or whatever, but I would love to be able to buy on CD a little packaged mini version of what I bought when I was a kid. I just don't want to hear Drive my car on Rubber Soul .... and I Want \\"I've just seen a face!  It's a Nostalgia thing!
B00000ADG2|5.0|During the time this was released,as another review pointed out,this kind of music was being thrown in everyone's face whether they wanted to hear it or not.I must admit in the late 90's I was far more energized by the music of Prince,Stevie Wonder,P-Funk and they like and not the various hip-hop music's they were inspiring at the time. I wanted the \\"real thing\\". To my way of thinking the whole hip-hop/R&B genre in general seemed to be exploiting R&B's past just to promote cut-and-paste music based on samples and such. It was hard to not that in the midst of all that original new hybrids like this were being created.Yes it was heavily hyped,yes it was deemed a classic before by the time it was a year old or so.But all the saturation aside I wanted to listen to this after it'd had some time to influence people. Well it turned out,as I said to be just over a decade. And after listening to this project as a whole at this point I get it.This is THE album that inspired the thoughtful,conscious solo female neo soul genre out of which has come Macy Gray,Angie Stone,India.Arie,Alicia Keyes and more recently Solange Knowles.But it all started here.The music on this album still has close links to hip-hop.Songs such as \\"Lost Ones\\",\\"Forgive Them Father\\" and even the hugely popular \\"Doo Wop (That Thing)\\" have Lauryn rapping quite a bit along with singing.It's to her credit she has such broad talent in both.Lauryn's rapping style has always been assertive,direct and too the point and her deep,gritty and rangy voice-with it's strong pathos and emotion is quite the spectacle to behold. The emotional and spiritual breadth of songs such as \\"To Zion\\" and \\"Forgive Them Father\\" is unbelievable. Through her spiritual quests Lauryn revolves her own issues with femaninity and the male players in her life in a surprisingly broad scope.\\"Superstar\\" actually finds Lauryn illustrating a pointed sense of humor to address what she saw as a serious issues;the hype many mediocre or plain \\"wack\\" rappers were receiving at that time,and in every way the message behind the tune resonates all the more today.The first five songs actually containing interwoven interludes (tastefully done and integrated into the actual songs unlike usual) that illustrate how the album title is part of a certain concept;a group of women,one voiced by Mary J Blige in a classroom discussing different,mature points of view on love from songs,actual relationships,etc.In the midst of all this is \\"Ex-Factor\\",possibly one of the greatest songs Lauryn ever did-very much in the Aretha/Etta James spirit with it's scarred outlook on love and strong gospel overtones,from organ swirls to the horn blasts. The tone of that song is repeated on the title song which extends on the same theme of rediscovering self truths at reaching physical and emotional maturity. Along the way there is even time for warm nostaligiac reflection on \\"Every Ghetto,Every City\\",a wah-wah drenched 70's style funk fest which is right up my alley and the lyrics are right on time too. There are two tracks,which are listed here but not on the album jacket.One is a beautifully soulful rendition of Franki Valli's \\"Can't Take My Eyes Off Of You\\" that utterly transforms the song from teen romance into intense passion.A live version of the song \\"Tell Me\\" is also included.Taken together this quirky artist with her uniquely self reliant outlook and terrific lyrical ability only seems to have released one full lengh studio album so far.And if this is her first and only release it would sure be a good thing to stand on because,given a full decade to gestate it really has had an influence on an entire sub genre that has grown to mammoth preportions ever since.And all the while this done now indeed stand alone as a modern classic.lain \\"wack\\" rappers were receiving at that time,and in every way the message behind the tune resonates all the more today.The first five songs actually containing interwoven interludes (tastefully done and integrated into the actual songs unlike usual) that illustrate how the album title is part of a certain concept;a group of women,one voiced by Mary J Blige in a classroom discussing different,mature points of view on love from songs,actual relationships,etc.In the midst of all this is \\"Ex-Factor\\",possibly one of the greatest songs Lauryn ever did-very much in the Aretha/Etta James spirit with it's scarred outlook on love and strong gospel overtones,from organ swirls to the horn blasts. The tone of that song is repeated on the title song which extends on the same theme of rediscovering self truths at reaching physical and emotional maturity. Along the way there is even time for warm nostaligiac reflection on \\"Every Ghetto,Every City\\",a wah-wah drenched 70's style funk fest which is right up my alley and the lyrics are right on time too. There are two tracks,which are listed here but not on the album jacket.One is a beautifully soulful rendition of Franki Valli's \\"Can't Take My Eyes Off Of You\\" that utterly transforms the song from teen romance into intense passion.A live version of the song \\"Tell Me\\" is also included.Taken together this quirky artist with her uniquely self reliant outlook and terrific lyrical ability only seems to have released one full lengh studio album so far.And if this is her first and only release it would sure be a good thing to stand on because,given a full decade to gestate it really has had an influence on an entire sub genre that has grown to mammoth preportions ever since.And all the while this done now indeed stand alone as a modern classic.
B000FDEU12|5.0|An excellent jazz trio and quartet CD from Israeli bassist Avishai Cohen,very solid yet still adventursome music highly recommended if you enjoy European and Scandinavian jazz trios.Superb musicianship.
B00011D1OA|5.0|This has always been one of my favorite movies growing up.  It was great to have the enhanced DVD that included not only the production material but all of the hoopla surrounding the movie including the Oscar and Golden Globe footage.
B00005JPY2|5.0|An alternate version of 1985; A former vigilante and government employee is murdered as the cold war rages in the background. No one seems interested as it appears to be just a burglary gone wrong and even if it isn't this case seems to possibly be over the heads of local police. Rorschach, a vigilante currently wanted for murder isn't convinced however and intends to figure out what happened. It turns out the victim is Rorschach's former teammate the Comedian and this leads him to believe that someone may be gunning for all of the old masked adventurers. He isn't sure why but feels he needs to warn the remaining members of the Minutemen...<br /><br />Finally someone transfers a comic to the big screen the right way which is for the fans of the original material. The only downside to this is that some of the material will likely be lost on people who aren't familiar with the [[ASIN:0930289234 Watchmen]] graphic novel.<br /><br />The Good: Zack Snyder stayed true to the source material and this is always important to the fans and a rarity for Hollywood treatments. All of the casting decisions were excellent as were the performances by the actors. I was especially impressed with Jackie Earle Haley's performance as Rorschach. He absolutely nailed the character. I was slightly skeptical at first when soundtrack began to roll but this also ended up working. The look and feel of the movie were exactly what they need to be.<br /><br />The Bad: Absolutely nothing.<br /><br />Overall: Why are you still reading this? Go watch the movie!
1844137872|5.0|Genuinely art. Though to be honest I like his installations in lakes, on surveillance cameras, and in museums best, this is graffiti art at its most direct, most political, and most inspiring. There is no doubt that this is genuinely serious art and this book can convince the skeptics. Hugely inspiring!
B00008CMR6|2.0|This is about the poorest directed movie John Wayne ever acted in. There are long moments without any background music, or background noise, which makes the actors seems like the are acting in a movie set, not performing real life like. During serious events in the movie, one or two of the characters will be laughing. We felt like the movie was just an avenue for the good looking women in the movie to be introduced to movie goers. Over all, this is not a very entertaining movie. It is nothing like Rio Bravo, or El Dorado. Nothing like them. I will not watch this movie a second time, and would not recommend it.
1402756399|5.0|This being the bicentenary of Darwin's birth - and the 150th anniversary of the publication of his masterwork - many folks seem to have the goal of reading Origin for the first time. Generally speaking the first edition of 1859 (or the second of 1860) is taken as the best edition to begin with - in later editions Darwin muddies his ideas in response to critics and it becomes increasingly difficult to clearly delineate what \\"Darwinism\\" entails.     David Quammen has produced a very nice edition of Origin that relies on the first edition for its text but supplements it with extracts from The Voyage of the Beagle and Darwin's Autobiography while simultaneous profusely illustrating it with period illustrations, Darwinalia, and modern photos of species that Darwin refers to. All-in-all this is an excellent way for the Darwin neophyte to experience Origin and get some nice background into Darwin's life and time. Highly recommended!
B001NFNFIK|4.0|James Le Burke is a man who writes intense thrillers that manage to be introspective character studies and also cover the widest variety of emotions.<br /><br />This film is based on one of the middle books and that may leave viewers who aren't familiar with the series a little baffled.<br /><br />Tommy Lee Jones gives it his all and he is perfection as the protagonist Dave Robicheax, the weather beaten detective whose appearance and body language let you know that he's seen it all and lived through it.<br /><br />Dave is investigating a series of killings in the murky depths of the Louisiana bayou. The director captured the mood, tone, and scenery to the point that one can almost feel the stifling southern humidity in ones lungs while watching this.<br /><br />Robicheaux has problems of his own while trying to investigate and there are many twists and turns, each one seemingly to prohibit his quest of solving these murders.<br /><br />There is a whole local dynamic that further obscures the truth for him. There are cultural misunderstandings, veiled feuds, and southern racial tensions that further impede his progress.<br /><br />Robicheaux also has the problem of the evil mobster, Balboni, to contend with. John Goodman's performance of the epitome of evil in this film practically stole the show for me. This role will remind people of just how talented he is.<br /><br />Due to his dealings with all of the nefariousness and people who do not want him to solve the crimes, one is led through the movie wondering it Robicheaux will make it through without killing more people or being killed himself.<br /><br />I know that the director could have done a better job with the suspense as compared to the book but Tommy Lee Jones' intensity, commanding performance, and the believability of the story pulled me through whatever lapses in script structure and pacing in the movie that were there. I would most strongly recommend this film to anyone who has read the books. But, if you like the great acting and those involved and the backdrop of balmy Louisiana this film will be for you too.<br /><br />I give this 4 stars and will watch it again.<br /><br />Kevin W. Mattingly<br />Harrisburg Times.balmy Louisiana this film will be for you too.    I give this 4 stars and will watch it again.    Kevin W. Mattingly  Harrisburg Times.
B000040OBS|5.0|The new release includes the riot-inducing live concert \\"23 Minutes Over Brussels.\\" This is raw punk energy, nihilism mixed with idealism. Simply brilliant direct assault on the audience. Here on amazon you get to listen to the samples, do so before buying. This is not to all tastes, and though I love the album, it's not something I'm often in the mood to listen to.
B000ZK4466|5.0|I remember listening to deloused, it was my first TMV album, and completely loved it. Then once this album came out, we got it and slipped it in the cd player in our car, turned the volume all the way up, and were seriously surprised with the music.<br />If you've heard the album you would understand what i mean in detail.<br />Aberinkula just comes, blasting in as if it were actually in the middle of the song. But, it just shows what is in store for the rest of The Bedlam.<br />  This album is so very different from any other form of TMV music i've heard. Its extremely fast paced (kind of reminds me of amputechture). Songs seem to fly by but there actually fairly long (ranging from 2 minutes at its shortest to 9 minutes being the longest). And when you do here a song slower than usual, it's still very very much worth the listen.<br />  As we all know, this was an album based on the Quija board omar brought back from jerusalem. If that doesnt make you want to listen to it at first hear, what does?<br />  My feelings are, if you weren't a TMV fan already, this album will be a good first album. It's not hard to put a handle on. I think, its very fun and easy to listen to. But then again, i'm a big fan of omar's solo stuff, and people seem to have a big problem with that at times.<br />But give it your full attention.And you have to blast Aberinkula, its just such an adrenaline rush.<br />Enjoy!
0375842209|5.0|This book was amazing - creative, intense, thought provoking.  It's by far the best book I've read in a long time.  It takes a few pages to get used to the idea that the narrator is death, but that's what ultimately makes the books so different and creative.  I also love the art work!
B001BGTWXI|5.0|This is a fine release from Slipknot. The songs/musicianship have improved. The songs are creative and show growth from the band as a whole. The songs surprise you with plenty of awesome, heavy, distortion-drenched hooks.<br />This CD kicks all over and totally wastes Disturbed and Mudvayne's latest disappointing releases that sound the same as all their other stuff, at least in my view.<br />Although they are somewhat considered mainstream metal, this album proves that they are not sell-outs and have kept their hard edge in check. The production, although a bit polished, absolutely rocks your car stereo. It's been getting me pumped up for work for the past few weeks! The lyrics are a nice mix of rough and clean. Corey shows he can growl, but also \\"sing\\" (Dead Memories). There are some cool harmonies (Psychosocial).<br />Overall, the louder it is, the better it sounds! I am a late 30-yr-old lover of heavy music and I have heard lots of it, from Ride The Lightning to All Hope Is Gone. I must say that I totally dig this CD! Blast it in your car stereo and head bang!
1883217040|5.0|By far the best book on jazz theory / music  ever written.  Fun to read and it covers it  all from the beginning to the end.  Mark Levine  is one of the best jazz educators ever!!!!!
B001M5UDGS|5.0|If you loved the musical episode of Buffy then you'll love Dr. Horrible.  It's cheesy in a good fun way.  The music is actually really good.  Neil Patrick Harris is great as Dr. Horrible.
B00003CWPL|5.0|Anyone who is a fan of surrealistic film, or strange minding-bending experiences in general, will love this film and view it over and over. If you have ever appreciated any of David Lynch's works, whether it be Lost Highway, Twin Peaks or Blue Velvet (and many others) this is a must-see addition to your video library. Many influential filmmakers rank this as one of their favorite films and after you view it you'll wonder why you waited so long to see it.
B001LYD2K4|5.0|i purchased the original version of this album in 1981 when it was first released and i think it's one of the most under appreciated records ever!    at the time, i heard that michael schenker was dissatified with the production by ron nevison but i never understood that...i thought and still do think it has a great sound to it!    if anything, the remaster sounds a little brighter but overall i think it sounds the same...great!!!    my real attraction to this though are the extra live songs and the outtake of the great, \\"never trust a stranger\\", without guitar. gary barden's voice cracks a little but he sounds excellent, as well as paul raymond, (piano), and cozy powell, (drums).    i saw them in concert on this tour and they played all these songs live. they're faster and played with great energy.    i'm not into buying every remaster or reissue that is released but this is certainly worth picking up if you're a schenker fan!
B000NDIAWY|5.0|Brandi Carlile's second album it a stunning piece of work.  This album is more polished than her previous.  Great sound, amazing vocals and as usual, wonderful story telling.  Brandi Carlile's voice reminds me of a young Bonnie Raitt, smooth and raspy with amazing character.
B001N3OCV6|5.0|This eclectic mix of music may not seem like it would fit but it truly adds to the drama and action of this movie!  Love the movie even more for the music they chose!!
B001F12J0C|5.0|Ever since I saw the first Bourne movie, I was hooked. I loved the fast paced action and the martial arts moves.  Matt Damon is one cool character. The movies built one upon another and the trilogy had a satisfying end.  Also the music by Moby just made the movies that much better. So when I checked on Amazon and saw Amazon offered the trilogy I had to buy it. I have watched each movie about five times.  I always see something I missed when I watched one of the movies previously.    Also, you can notice the change in technology by looking at the computers and monitors seen in each movie.  If you like the Bourne movies then buying the trilogy makes sense.
B001LOU8ME|3.0|...into believing this is the follow up to the great \\"strangers in the night\\" live album by ufo. it's not!    i purchased this when it first came out, and the songs are played slower than the studio version and the sound is very muddy, imho! the song selection is great but this show just doesn't move along like the ufo live album.    i like the fact that they've included cozy powell's drum solo, and \\"tales of mystery\\", but it's just an ok album overall.
0765318741|5.0|After watching the blockbuster movie I just had to read the book. In all seriousness, I actually preferred the contemporary story-line of the movie. Best of all, when I looked at the last pages of the book I discovered that Richard Matheson was the author of other books that were made into some of my favorite movies: What Dreams May Come, Somewhere in Time, and Stir of Echoes. I've become a huge fan and I'm also interested in reading Hell House.
0451450523|5.0|I grew up watching the movie for this book over and over and over. When I realized it was based on a book I immediately went and bought it. The author helped in making the movie so many of the lines from the book are in the movie (I could hear the characters voices in my head as I was reading).     The book revealed so much more character depth and the fact that I am now older allowed me to see more than just the entertaining story. There is a lot to be said about one's quest and path and the journey along that path. It is the monomyth yet with more insight.    In addition to this it is just a good story. I rarely read books more than once but this is one I most certainly will revisit and read to my children (when I have some).
B001RI3DZI|2.0|the movie is too predictable. If you are a big fan of either actor, I think you'll be disappointment. Not because of the acting, but the script is too predictable.
B001KMB6YG|4.0|I liked it. Some info may have been left out ... intentional or not ... made you thnk and come up with your own explanation ... does everything need to be spelled out for people ... I hope there is a director's cut somewhere! I liked the story well enough and loved the action. Sure more could have been explained ... but as far as action movies go ... this had more plot than some! Makes me want to read the book that it is based on ... we'll see. It's defo not Vin's worst movie ... I'd watch it again!
1439102813|5.0|I entered the Howland residence with ease and immediately became interested in its inhabitants.  This is an intelligent and credible look at a brilliant woman, [a wife, mother, professor, friend] and how she copes with Early Onset of Alzheimer's Disease [EOAD].  There are parts here that are soulful and heartrending.  Upon remembering specific passages [scenes], this reader still becomes tearful.  Here are three although there are more:  1] Alice reads a letter that she wrote to herself -- the incredible 'Butterfly.' [If this doesn't touch a reader, I'd be shocked! Again, I wept.];  2] Dan gives Alice an envelope [I used a box of Kleenex during this]; 3] John joins Alice for a dip [I knew why Alice loved this man!].    This author gives the reader a keen insight into how a loving family deals with EOAD.  It was refreshing to read about how family are 'supposed' to help when disaster strikes.    This is a thought provoking book in that this reader began to question the following: 1] Why were there no support groups for the people with EOAD?  2] What would I do if my dreams for tomorrow were suddenly taken from me?  3] Why are our scientists unable to treat EOAD more effectively?  4] How many times do I have to leave myself notes to 'remind' myself of essentials due to a hectic work schedule, motherhood, paying bills, preparing for tax season, balancing the checkbook, preparing dinner, etc.?  Are my reminders necessary because I'm doing too much?  I bet there are many readers out there wondering the same thing!  5] Last and most importantly, why don't we QUESTION the fact that people with EOAD and related illnesses still FEEL?  They remember 'love.'  I know that the medical profession does not take this into account.  I've dealt with CVAs & no medical team member brought this to the forefront.      These people still feel love, have a need for loved one nearby and they do get hungry!  I can't tell you how many times my family & I have fed unknown patients while visting our hospitalized family members.  One doctor told me that 'he -- the patient -- has Alzheimer's.'  I replied, 'what does that have to do with the fact that this man is hungry?'    This is a hymn for not only Alice Howland but for all of the Alice[s] out there.  A beseeching serenade.  An absolute masterpiece of a book!  Highly recommended without hesitation.
B00005JPY2|5.0|Okay, perhaps not. However, \\"Watchmen\\" does overall successfully adapt one of the greatest graphic novels, and stories in general, for that matter. So, where does one begin?<br /><br />So much paid off for this movie, it's almost unimaginable. It creates near immediate skepticism and criticism, especially when looking at the points the big names in the industry made about this movie while it was in production. And at times, when I first caught a glimpse of the trailer when I went on opening night, as I did this movie, to see \\"The Dark Knight\\" I was hesitant and yet intrigued. I still am. Even my rating of this film makes me think, makes me wonder. The film and novel alike have stirred so much thought and really got my mind working that I only feel it fitting to rate it so highly.<br /><br />So what made the movie? For starters, as mentioned before, there were constant snags with the movie constantly getting tied up in production. Terry Gilliam, esteemed Python, actor, and director, called the movie \\"unfilmable.\\" Granted he said this years ago when CGI was a lot different, but his thought was it should be an extended television mini-series, one that, if put together, it would be hours long. And to top it off, there's Fox refusal to green-light the film, calling the script the \\"worst piece of s**t\\" they had ever read. All looked grim for the movie and perhaps it was in that simple fact that the movie makers were able to learn from these, and make a better movie than anyone could've imagined. In fact there is an odd sense of irony in themes. Dr. Manhattan himself is born in the form he is through sheer determination and force of will.<br /><br />Thankfully, almost any single person who has ever read the graphic novel will be stunned at how sincerely close the movie is story-wise to the novel. It was a joy seeing some of my favorite scenes put into action. For the un-initiated, the story begins with the murder of The Comedian, but not before, in this movie, an already infamous montage of the parallel events this movie to real life United States, up until 1985, set to Bob Dylan's \\"The Times Are Changing.\\" We see the murder vividly, onscreen, but the killer's face is obscured. And thus does Rorschach set out on his quest to unravel the mystery of his death and of a plot so deep that when I first read the book, I found the end result to nearly unravel my very thoughts. The ending here is different, but it works to achieve the same effect. Some may say that it works even better than the original, and truth be told, there will now forever be a constant argument over which ending is better.<br /><br />The acting was for the most part superb. Billy Crudup played the role of Dr. Manhattan wonderfully. Even when he is almost entirely obscured by CGI (on a side note: if you're so bothered by his gosh darned willie hanging out boldly, then you must be gay. It's so hard to see and gets so little screen time, you would have to be look (HARD) for it to even really notice it. End rant) he plays the near-emotionless Dr. Manhattan fluidly, as though he has been him all his life. It is very difficult to realize you are seeing the same actor in the flashback scenes when he is still John Osterman. Jackie Earle Haley also plays an amazingly believable Rorschach. I saw production shots of him long before I saw this movie, and I wasn't sure he fit the role well. Seeing this movie, I realize just how good of a match he turned out to be. These two had the best performances, partially due to their extended, near-constant screen times. All of the other actors as well were good as well, though more often than not, they would be the ones to stumble. While I don't see most of the sex scenes as hilarious as many critics would like them to seem, there was one particularly extended scene where I found myself shaking my head in disbelief at it. I remembered the comic, the scene was pure and absolute art, which almost no graphic or gratuitous sex. Here, though, itwas like a sick parody of the novel.<br /><br />And now, the absolute high point, the cinematography and visuals will leave you breathtaken. It is as Roger Ebert claimed it, it is like 300, but whereas the feel of that movie was somewhat detatched, \\"this movie actually had substance.\\" Visually, you will be hard pressed to find many movies better than this (though, certainly, the entire line of Star Wars  movies come to mind almost immediately, alongside the Lord of the Rings trilogy). And the film noir influence here is obvious and stunning. If the filmmakers didn't watch Blade Runner at least 10 times while making this move (perhaps even once frame-by-frame) I will be amazed. Speaking of \\"frame-by-frame\\" I cannot wait for this to come out on DVD to catch the many easter eggs in the movie (oh yes, they are there if you look closely). As yet another film critic wrote of this film, it is \\"visually orgasmic.\\"<br /><br />And now, my final thoughts. There are so many things I would like to mention, say, imagine. This movie, and the novel, are so thought-provoking it can't be fathomed until exploring either. That said, I can hardly wait for the extended version of this film to come out, with some scenes cut or trimmed for time reasons (realize this movie already has a runtime of 2 hours and 43 minutes) that will be restored, and then an even further restored version with the \\"Tales of the Black Freighter\\" \\"comic-within-a-comic\\" included as well (though I highly recommend picking this up, if only on rental, on DVD when it comes out, because it will also include various other commentaries and background story such as \\"Under the Hood.\\") when it comes out on DVD.<br /><br />If you liked the novel, you should like the movie. Things were cut, but what was cut was done for good reason and tastefully. It all works in the end. And for the Watchmen virgins of the world, see the movie first, and then read the book. The movie takes a sometimes long-winded story and makes it understandable to the viewer. From there, the viewer can take that same story and expand on it with the book, which is filled with so much more notes, backstory, etc. that for a first-time reader like myself, it was difficult to make perfect sense of the first time around.<br /><br />***** Five Stars<br /><br />Pros:<br /><br />- Superb Story<br />- Some of the greatest visuals you will find in modern movies<br />- An amazing story<br />- A changed ending that is as good, if possibly better, than the original<br />- A wonderful cast<br /><br />Cons:<br /><br />- Story very occasionally stumbles<br />- Acting is off at times<br />- An unnecessarily long (and horribly overdone) sex scene<br />- Overdone use of gore and profanity that was rarely used, if ever, in the source material<br /><br />Last note (possible spoilers): Though I think the new ending was wonderful and used to great effect, nothing will ever replace the opening images of Chapter 12 of the novel, the only time a book, graphic novel or otherwise, has made me imagine it going so perfectly alongside dark and grim-sounding organs. For those who have never read the comic, be warned, it is such a powerful image that they decided to leave it out of the film simply because it would be too disturbing to see put to life.was like a sick parody of the novel.<br /><br />And now, the absolute high point, the cinematography and visuals will leave you breathtaken. It is as Roger Ebert claimed it, it is like 300, but whereas the feel of that movie was somewhat detatched, \\"this movie actually had substance.\\" Visually, you will be hard pressed to find many movies better than this (though, certainly, the entire line of Star Wars  movies come to mind almost immediately, alongside the Lord of the Rings trilogy). And the film noir influence here is obvious and stunning. If the filmmakers didn't watch Blade Runner at least 10 times while making this move (perhaps even once frame-by-frame) I will be amazed. Speaking of \\"frame-by-frame\\" I cannot wait for this to come out on DVD to catch the many easter eggs in the movie (oh yes, they are there if you look closely). As yet another film critic wrote of this film, it is \\"visually orgasmic.\\"<br /><br />And now, my final thoughts. There are so many things I would like to mention, say, imagine. This movie, and the novel, are so thought-provoking it can't be fathomed until exploring either. That said, I can hardly wait for the extended version of this film to come out, with some scenes cut or trimmed for time reasons (realize this movie already has a runtime of 2 hours and 43 minutes) that will be restored, and then an even further restored version with the \\"Tales of the Black Freighter\\" \\"comic-within-a-comic\\" included as well (though I highly recommend picking this up, if only on rental, on DVD when it comes out, because it will also include various other commentaries and background story such as \\"Under the Hood.\\") when it comes out on DVD.<br /><br />If you liked the novel, you should like the movie. Things were cut, but what was cut was done for good reason and tastefully. It all works in the end. And for the Watchmen virgins of the world, see the movie first, and then read the book. The movie takes a sometimes long-winded story and makes it understandable to the viewer. From there, the viewer can take that same story and expand on it with the book, which is filled with so much more notes, backstory, etc. that for a first-time reader like myself, it was difficult to make perfect sense of the first time around.<br /><br />***** Five Stars<br /><br />Pros:<br /><br />- Superb Story<br />- Some of the greatest visuals you will find in modern movies<br />- An amazing story<br />- A changed ending that is as good, if possibly better, than the original<br />- A wonderful cast<br /><br />Cons:<br /><br />- Story very occasionally stumbles<br />- Acting is off at times<br />- An unnecessarily long (and horribly overdone) sex scene<br />- Overdone use of gore and profanity that was rarely used, if ever, in the source material<br /><br />Last note (possible spoilers): Though I think the new ending was wonderful and used to great effect, nothing will ever replace the opening images of Chapter 12 of the novel, the only time a book, graphic novel or otherwise, has made me imagine it going so perfectly alongside dark and grim-sounding organs. For those who have never read the comic, be warned, it is such a powerful image that they decided to leave it out of the film simply because it would be too disturbing to see put to life.
B001IF252C|2.0|For a few months I was using the regular mini displayport to dvi adapter with no problems at all (with a 24\\" monitor). This week I got a new 30\\" Dell monitor (DELL3007WFPHC) and the mini displayport to dual-link dvi adapter. Our IT guy warned me that several other people in our company have been having problems with the adapter. The adapter and monitor worked fine when I first connected them.    After using it for the first day, I don't believe I had any problems at all. On the second day, I began to have the problems mentioned by our IT guy and by several other people on the Internet. Occasionally, the screen will either contain static (or snow), or alternating horizontal lines will be shifted a few pixels. These problems occur while I am actively using the system (not when coming out of sleep mode, etc.) Regardless of the behavior, the only recourse is to unplug the displayport cable, which causes all of the windows to be repositioned on the laptop, and then plug the displayport cable back in. Then I have to move all of the applications back to their original locations.    This is partly into my third day with the adapter and have had to unplug and replug it about 4 times already. Our IT guy said that our company has returned several of the adapters, but the replacements don't work any better than the ones they have returned. There is obviously something broken in the design of these adapters, but hopefully this will be fixed sometime in the future. I am considering going back to my old 24\\" monitor so I don't have to put up with these problems. All of my coworkers with older MacBook Pros (with the built-in dual-dvi adapter instead of the mini displayport) do not have any problems with the 30\\" monitors.    If you have a monitor with a high resolution that requires dual-dvi and an Apple laptop with the mini displayport, then this adapter is your only solution to get it to work. Unfortunately, I think you are almost guaranteed to have problems with this adapter.
1416562605|5.0|The REAL INDIA is colorfully displayed in a letter from an Indian businessman telling his life story to a Chinese high official about to visit India and be lied to by corrupt Indian politicians. The writer describes in wonderful anecdotes containing gallows humor the REAL INDIA, which he calls THE DARKNESS, of starvation, pollution, lack of electricity, clean water and education and freedom to vote or be free in any way in India's system of extreme corruption where right is might. He is described by a school official as the rarest of beings, a highly intelligent and motivated peasant Indian child, being like the rarest thing in the jungle, a White Tiger. But he finally must resort to the only things that will actually allow him to break out and be a success himself, murder, theft and being corrupt himself. He admires the THREE countries that never in history allowed themselves to be conquered: China, Abyssinia...and Afghanistan. Not the Russians or even Alexander the Great had ever succeeded in conquering the Afghans. Of course this is relevant today as the US is spending billions of tax money trying the impossible. A book that will stay in my memory as the stories in other books are quickly forgotten. Five stars richly deserved.
B001EO748M|5.0|if you liked season 1 of the tudors chances are you will like season two. the history is still crap, the costuming is still ridiculous (pretty to look at...but ridiculous) and the pacing is far too fast. the departure of sam neil in season 1 left a void. james frain does a decent job trying to fill his shoes but it's just not the same. i'm worried about season 3 because jane seymour is a bore :P
0385340990|5.0|This was a choice for our monthly book club. Very enjoyable with well developed characters and fresh perspective on WW2.  Gives historical setting  yet is great fiction.
0634022296|3.0|This book has all the songs and is very organized. It seems to have all the correct chords and the fingerings. However, it is unclear (or was to me) that this only has chords, and doesn't have tablature. If you really want to learn how to play the songs like the Beatles, tabs are the way to go. If all you want is chords, this is the book for you. But if you really want to get the songs down, I would go for something different.
B00005RIKI|5.0|Outstanding early Lynyrd Skynryd Period!!!! On this particular edition of this cd, you get 8 basic songs, plus, 5 bonus songs as follows:    1.I ain't the One.  2.Tuesday's Gone  3.Gimme Three Steps  4.Simple Man  5.Things Goin' On  6.Mississippi Kid  7.Poison Whiskey  8.Freebird    Bonus tracks:  9.Mr. Banker  10.Down South Junkin' (Demo)  11.Tuesday's Gone (Demo)  12.Gimme Three Steps (Demo)  13.Freebird (Demo)    This album cd was produced by the \\"Yankee Slicker\\" himself, Al Kooper, the MCA talent scout, who discovered Lynyrd Skynyrd performing on Peachtree Street, in downtown Atlanta, in the very early 1970's. This is a great cd, and a \\"must-have\\" for any serious Skynyrd fan, and I'm a fan to the \\"bone\\". Buy one, and enjoy it. It's good from beginning to end!!!
B001TH16DI|1.0|uhhh... Only directors cuts?  You've got to be kidding Paramount..  I agree with the other reviewers..  Paramount needs to do justice to these classic Trek movies and release the Theatrical & special editions, and clean up the picture & sound.  Just like MGM did with the bond series using the lowry system. ( i think thats how its spelled)  But alas they just want to milk this like it was on DVD.  I've only owned the Vhs of the first 6 because by the time the standard(special edition)  dvd's came out there was a lot of talk of HD.  Now theyre giving us this crap? No thanks... i've seen the DVD special editions and those looked pretty bad,  so theres no way im spending my dough on the $20 +(for each) paramount double dip scheme....
B000002P74|5.0|Another great early Lynyrd Skynyrd album cd, produced by Al Kooper of MCA records. This one contains a song written by the late/great Ronnie Van Zant about Al Kooper discovering them, and signing them to a record contract - the song: \\"Workin' for MCA\\". Other classics on this cd written by the late/great Ronnie Van Zant & Lynyrd Skynyrd include: \\"Sweet Home Alabama\\", \\"Don't Ask Me No Questions\\", \\"The Ballad of Curtis Loew\\", \\"Swamp Music\\" (This one contains a reference to the legendary bluesman Son House, whom Ronnie liked - it goes \\"When the Hound Dogs Start Barking, They Sound Like Son House Singing The Blues\\".),and \\"Call Me the Breeze\\" (A Song Written by J.J.Cale, another artist whom Ronnie liked). This cd contains 11 songs, including 3 bonus songs. This is a Lynyrd Skynyrd Classic Album CD and a \\"must-have\\" for any serious Lynyrd Skynyrd fan, and I am one!!! Thanks!!!!
B0016Q2D5M|4.0|My family & I enjoyed watching this movie. My son now wants it for his bday. It was like a combination of some drama, some sci-fi adventure, & some silly humor thrown in at times. Neat mix.
B00000JNO2|5.0|Another Skynyrd Classic, this one produced by Tom Dowd, he was legendary for producing \\"Layla\\" with Duanne Allman & Eric Clapton. On this particular edition of this cd you get 11 total songs, including 2 bonus \\"live\\" tracks. This Cd contains the classics: \\"Gimme Back My Bullets\\", \\"Every Mother's Son\\", \\"Trust\\", \\"Double Trouble\\", \\"Roll Gypsy Roll\\", \\"Searching\\", \\"Cry for the Bad Man\\", and \\"All I can do is Write About it\\". All the above songs are original Ronnie Van Zant & Lynyrd Skynyrd songs. This cd also contains a J.J.Cale song - \\"I Got the Same Old Blues\\".     The 2 bonus \\"live\\" songs are \\"Gimme Back My Bullets\\", & \\"Cry for the Bad Man\\". In the notes to this release, there is a note from Artimus Pyle acknowledging Lynyrd Skynyrd's \\"kin-ship\\" with the Marshall Tucker Band, and the Charlie Daniels Band. If you look at the picture on the back on the cd package, you can see where Artimus has drawned a \\"CDB Logo\\" in the sand. This is another required cd for any serious Lynyrd Skynyrd fan, and like I said before, I'm a fan to the bone!!! Thanks!!!!
B0011NVC9I|1.0|i love vikings, i love celts, i have no problem with cgi films.  but the story was altered too much, beowulf was too flawed, the villains mild, grendel was a let down, he was meek and a sad character (his voice sounds like a 10 year old boy.) and designed poorly.  if you're religious, you may be offended as to the portrayal jesus and his followers.  and the ending is unresolved.  not recomended.  buy braveheart instead ;)
B001BWYZWA|5.0|This is one of those movies you can watch over and over again. Rudy is fantastic character, very well played by Sean. Putting this on blu-ray makes the experience even more fun.  If you have never seen this definitely go out and get it, you will not be let down
0375842209|4.0|I loved this book, but didn't think it quite deserved 5 stars. I especially enjoyed the point of view of the narrator.   Great, fast read!
B001DDBCUK|1.0|It was a lot to live up to and just as disappointing. I felt the series had hit its stride in the last few seasons but this just didnt translate. I guess the first hour, though it seemed liked rushed vignettes, was closest to the feel of the series but when Carrie is predictably jilted it really screams to a crawl. I could write a better script than this! It seems that Steve is turned into a selfish jerk only to serve some kind of thin plot line for the couple, leading up to the bridge reunion which was the most touching part in the movie. Samantha's bi-coastal appearances had my head spinning. In what universe does one give up a guy like Smith? Can we make Samantha anymore shallow: \\"everytime I look at this ring I'll think of you.\\" Wow, what depth. Considering in the final episode of the series he was the best thing the old bag ever had. Her voyeurism was disgusting and I dont want dog lovers after me for what I'd do to that humping fur ball she picked up!so I'll reserve comment. Where and when did Mario and his nemesis become cuddle buddies? And talk about major time killer--the sequence in Mexico taxed my patience. I guess you can just fly off for a week even if you have to work for a living and bask at a five star resort. Super Cheesy treatment of Mexico for giving Charlotte the trots! Why didnt the writers have her throwing up? They would have had a better segway into her pregnancy! From what I recall Charlotte threw away a good marriage because she couldnt reproduce so when she finally gets pregant it's like \\"I'm pregnant\\" Hello! Is this the same Charlotte? And the little Lilly answering the phone \\"sex\\" please how forced and unspontaneous was that? Perhaps Jennifer Hudson was a bit of fresh air but mostly irrelevant as was the whole thing. AND, please since you're making another one of these things, tone down the excess, a little commiseration please with us poor minions out here. You'll find my copy at Goodwill.
B001NMAFXQ|2.0|This cd is weak. \\"For those who have heart\\" is way better. But this cd, lacks. it has some cool parts, but its not worth buying.  The best song on here is \\"Have faith in me\\" other then that, it just has some cool parts here and there.
B001PPGAIK|1.0|The Blu-ray presentation of this terrible film is excellent. The movie itself is so bad that it is beyond belief. This film may be the ultimate low point in Nicole Kidman's career. If one wants to see how bad a film can turn out, just watch this clunker.    I give it one star only for the Blu-ray quality, otherwise it is one of the worst films of 2008.
0061537934|5.0|After being a little hesitant to read a novel written from a dog's point of view(I thought it might be too hokey),I'm so glad I gave it a chance. In fact, I read a library copy originally, but then purchased my own copy so I could read it again and pass it on to family and friends. An argument might be made that the plot is somewhat predictable, but it is such a refreshing viewpoint, and so heartfelt, this can be overlooked.    Having lost our old dog two summer's ago, this book hit home, as I am sure it will with dog-lovers, and people who don't know they are dog-lovers. Yet.
0312323867|5.0|I just loved this book. Its really not my taste to begin with, but I missed reading and saw it in my house so I picked it up and began it. I could not put it down. I completely loved the ending of the book. I almost cried, and I never cry to books so that means a lot. She actually did get her prince charming in a way. Definitely a great read.
B000E6G6DU|5.0|Like a lot of other reviewers I was disappointed the first time I heard this album. I actually went to their myspace page, and skimmed threw about 45 seconds of each song. It just didn't click with me, it wasn't the old placebo I used to know or love, or \\"so I thought\\".       My wife ended up buying the album and we had a chance to listen to it on a roadtrip from beginning to end 1 more time. I couldn't believe this is the album I had once shunned just 2 months earlier. It is a MASTERPIECE from BEGINNING- >>> TO >>> END. Some may think I am wrong, but like most placebo albums being hard to swallow at first, they have been sought out by a niche group of people who really connect and grow to love thier music. Nothing is different from this new album.     Please if you are disappointed with this album, GIVE IT 1 MORE TRY! Listen to the first track to the last and if you are a true placebo fan this will become your favorite album yet!     My Top 5 Songs (Although I LOVE them all)    1. Meds  2. In the Cold Light of Morning  3. Infra-Red  4. Space Monkey   5. Song to Say Goodbye    David
0199535566|2.0|Okay so I started reading P&P a week ago and with forcing myself, I finished it today. I wanted to read this because everyone was saying that it was such a great book and that its timeless and yadda, yadda, yadda.<br />So I was a little iffy on the first volume, but I could handle all the cliches, the social ranks, and the writing. Around the middle of voume two, i started screaming at the book (screaming at inanimate objects-never a good sign) because i was so fed up with it. I couldn't get myself to get really into it like my fellow peers. Maybe its because I'm 14, but I don't get it. The writing is boring, its too cliched, too old-fashioned, annoying and I know that the lovers are supposed to be in passionate love and all, but it feels cold-no love or passion, just boring. I found myself falling asleep in the middle of every chapter after chapter 16. Maybe its just me, I don't know, but I did not like this book, at all. I can understand why people of Jane Austen's time would adore this book, but i don't understand how people of OUR time can enjoy this. If you're looking for a good British classic romance, Wuthering Heights, not Pride and Prejudice.
B001P5Q6FC|5.0|This review can really apply to any of this awesome band's albums. First of all I might comment that they do have a somewhat odd name, which is certainly NOT reflective of the terrifying brutality of their music, and especially where some mindless souls can actually be misled. I can't forget reading a weird review somewhere by some poor idiot who picked up one of their CDs because he thought they were a 'Christian metal band'(!), but was horribly disillusioned because 'the singer sounded too angry to love Jesus...' - kind of sad yet hilarious at the same time. Anyway to get to the bottom line, which is their music, it kicks major a**!. If you like your metal done hard, heavy and brutal, this band is an ideal starting point. Definitely one of the most QUALITY American metal bands of the new millennium! I've heard about the comparisons to Pantera, whose influence I've definitely detected in their music, yet while listening further, I've also heard strong influences from every other metal genre that ever turned me on! This includes thrash metal with traces of 80's Metallica, Slayer, Exodus and others, as well as death metal reminiscent of most major brutal death metal pioneers of the 90's (Morbid Angel, Cannibal Corpse, Death etc. etc.) in addition to their own unique style of course. In other words, a mish-mash of everything good from the world of extreme metal. Vocalist Randy Blythe both screams and growls, which I consider quite unique and very well done. The guitars are meaty, sharp, ultra-distorted and just plain HEAVY. Although I would appreciate some more guitar solos, the overall structure of their sound doesn't make you miss them very much. As a long-time metal fan, I must admit that I have recently 'discovered' Lamb of God's music after which I promptly added their entire CD output to my music collection, and I'm glad that I did!. The way it looks now, these guys will definitely not let you down. Metal fans, pick up 'Wrath' or any of their earlier albums withconfidence, crank'em up and enjoy!
B000WS4QJG|4.0|Michael Jackson 25th Anniversary of Thriller was Jacksons 6th studio when it was released and turned out to become the best selling album of all time. The album is loaded with hits such as \\"The Girl is mine\\", \\"Thriller\\" , \\"P.Y.T\\" to mention a few. The CD booklet is astounding with many high quality photos from the time. We also get linernotes written by Jackson himself. So why do I give it 4 instead of 5 stars? Well the answer is that the remixes are just ok.  4/5.
B000092Q4U|5.0|This review can really apply to any of this awesome band's albums. Fist of all I might comment that they do have a somewhat odd name, which is certainly NOT reflective of the terrifying brutality of their music, and especially where some mindless souls can actually be misled. I can't forget reading a weird review somewhere by some poor idiot who picked up one of their CDs because he thought they were a 'Christian metal band'(!), but was horribly disillusioned because 'the singer sounded too angry to love Jesus...' - kind of sad yet hilarious at the same time. Anyway to get to the bottom line, which is their music, it kicks major a**!. If you like your metal done hard, heavy and brutal, this band is an ideal starting point. Definitely one of the most QUALITY American metal bands of the new millennium! I've heard about the comparisons to Pantera, whose influence I've definitely detected in their music, yet while listening further, I've also heard strong influences from every other metal genre that ever turned me on! This includes thrash metal with traces of 80's Metallica, Slayer, Exodus and others, as well as death metal reminiscent of most major brutal death metal pioneers of the 90's (Morbid Angel, Cannibal Corpse, Death etc. etc.) in addition to their own unique style of course. In other words, a mish-mash of everything good from the world of extreme metal. Vocalist Randy Blythe both screams and growls, which I consider quite unique and very well done. The guitars are meaty, sharp, ultra-distorted and just plain HEAVY. Although I would appreciate some more guitar solos, the overall structure of their sound doesn't make you miss them very much. As a long-time metal fan, I must admit that I have recently 'discovered' Lamb of God's music after which I promptly added their entire CD output to my music collection, and I'm glad that I did!. The way it looks now, these guys will definitely not let you down. Metal fans, pick up ATPB or any other of their albums with confidence, crank'em up and enjoy!
B001AEF6BI|5.0|Because this is a review that is supposed to be on the DVD itself, I'll begin by saying that the special features may not be ultimately all that expansive.  But for any fan who wanted to know a little bit more about this fantastic movie and the actors in it, the documentaries contained and the feature commentary by Judd Nelson and Anthony Michael Hall are great supplemental knowledge.  The picture is clearer than the original and the sound quality seems to be much better in the film itself.    There are never enough words to describe how fantastic this movie is.  It speaks to multiple generations of young people without condescention.      Honestly, I would recommend it to anyone starting high school or better yet, anyone who has already gotten to know a year or two of it.    Please do not be put off by its R-rating.  The issues and kind of language that gave it this rating can be heard in the span of one day in high school.  It's tastefully done and packed with emotion.    I cannot praise this film enough.    Classic movie!
B00127RAJY|5.0|What more can I say?  It works.  She is an excellent trainer.  If you have any doubts as to the quality of this workout, let me reassure you.  It does redefine your muscles and increase your cardio strength.  Buy it.
B001CTDH4Y|1.0|Do I really have to tell you that this film is bad. It stars a talking chihuahua for godness sakes. One that gets lost South of the Border. Yikes. Don't believe me, ask the 3 people who went to see this at the theatre, if you can find a person who will confess to that particular sin.     A talking dog movie? Lame.
0553378384|5.0|Reading Jan Spiller is like a pleasant astrological version of going to the dentist. Drill here! Polish this section! By discovering how good you can feel following your North Node (ie your higher side) she makes it easier for people to stay on track in their lives. Once you've read it you'll immediately notice how much calmer and fulfilled people are when they use their North Node energies - and how much they annoy themselves and others when they unconsciously stick to South Node ways. I suspect that when people fall in love with certain partners who \\"bring out their best\\", the other person's chart is actually activating their North Node - hence making them feel \\"on path\\".
B0000V1ALW|5.0|This by far my favorite Heep album. Not only was it the first, but it was the one that set the tone for what was to come. It is also the only album from their \\"classic\\" lineup where Ken Hensley didn't write virtually all of the songs. I think Paul Newton, one of their myriad bass players wrote many of the songs here.<br /><br />My favorites are Gypsy and Come Away Melinda. Even though I haven't heard this album since the mid 70's, all I have to do is hear the name Uriah Heep and I revert back to this album. Hell, when I hear the \\"only three songs they ever recorded\\" on the radio, I still think of this album on which none of those \\"three songs\\" were found.<br /><br />I have almost all of their albums and have seen them go through many changes. They are in my top 20 favorites and Mick Box is one of my favorite guitarists. Yet, as much as I like their later work, it always comes back to this first album.<br /><br />I can't recommend it any higher than that.
B00063EMJ6|5.0|This really is the BEST of Niel Young; a brilliant selection of the master's work.  Very easy to listen to.
1400031354|4.0|The story of Mma Precious Rabotswe, founder of the Ladies' No. 1   Detective Agency, continues in this second book of the series, taking up after she has accepted the proposal of a kind and patient mechanic, Mr. Matekoni.  The only biographical flashbacks reference the honored Memory of her long-deceased father; thus the sequence of events is easier to follow and the plot reduced to a brief time span.  Her fianc's movements are chronicled in greater detail, as readers' attention shifts between the engaged protagonists. Maketoni reveals both his love for her and his genuine compassion for those in need--while secretly longing to train a  competent and eager successor for his automotive repair shop.    Although the couple is not married by the conclusion of the book, there is plenty of activity to capture the reader's interest. An ambitious secretary seeks to advance to assistant detective; a vicious maid learns the harsh lessons of betrayal; a womanizer is drastically reduced in his self-esteem.  Then too, various moral and ethical dilemmas are raised by the conscientious women of this All-female detective agency, as they   wrestle with their obligations to the Client versus those to the Law. As in the debut novel there is also an underlying mystery, which increases literary tension throughout the chapters dealing with both the engagement and other cases.       A grieving mother begs for justice or failing that--information to put closure on her son's death. Emancipated Botswana--a region remote to most Americans--is depicted with compassionate respect and optimism by an author who grew up appreciating this continent and its struggle to emerge as a modern nation, while retaining traditional values.  The book's unique title is explained at the very end: How much can a giraffe--or a human being for that matter--truly give? Smith's African characters give their all to the delight of readers the world over, revealing the universality of the human condition.
1400082773|5.0|This is another book that my son had to read in his Senior year of High School and this is another book that intrigued and captivated him.    Any book that can keep my son's attention and make him want to learn more about the person or the author is A ok with me.    I have not read the book completely but from what I read this is a book that will help make your commute on the train or the bus go by a little quicker.    Bottom line this book is a must read!!!
1401203078|4.0|Alan Moore and Kevin O'Neill provide the third installment of their romp through British popular fiction. Big Brother, James Bond, Harry Lime, Emma Peel and Bulldog Drummond play featured roles as Allan Quartermain and Mina Murray investigate the League's origins and history.
0142501123|5.0|I love this book it has to be the best ever.  It teaches children that when you work together as friends you can do anything.
B000002KXV|5.0|One of the first albums released as a true digital compact disc, Fagen's first solo disc built upon the jazz-rock stylings of Steely Dan to deliver a solid collection of well-written and impeccably produced songs.
0446619078|5.0|This book is the story of how Harry Bosch solves the murder of his own mother.  More than a great mystery, The Last Coyote gives Harry the chance to get to know the most important person in his life.  Readers are treated to the personal side of an already compelling character, which serves to make him even more interesting and realistic.  This book is a gem.
B00127RAJY|5.0|I love this workout!  It's easy moves but pushes you to the limit because you don't take a break!  I used this video along with another favorite and lost between 15-20 lbs just in time for my wedding!  Too bad I gained some back on the honeymoon but I am definitely getting back to this workout because it was great!  I just wish I knew what the suggested meal plans were to make the workout even more effective!  All in all, definitely a MUST HAVE!
006107327X|5.0|Though some information I already knew, I found it to be very informative on the groundbreaking series. To know that guns, breaking glass and child endangerment weren't allowed when the show was on FOX KIDS (though I think each rule was broken at one point or another such as \\"The Underdwellers\\") Even the villain Firefly, though not as memorable as Joker or Mr. Freeze, wasn't allowed to be used on FOX because he was a pyromaniac. But on KIDS WB, it was like the flood gates were unleashed because there was child endangerment with the new Robin and Firefly made his debut.
B000RPTQ1C|5.0|...but I guess I am now. This album is FANTASTIC.<br /><br />When I got this album, I got it for my brother. I didn't plan on listening to it much, just because Coldplay drives me nuts. To me (and I know you're probably thinking I'm crazy) it's just the same chord repeated over and over and over again.<br /><br />However, this album was lush. Yes, it's repetitious. But it's repetitious in a delightful way. As soon as I played, \\"Life in Technicolor,\\" my ears perked up because there was so much joy in the song! And it's not just the piano playing; as the song continues, more instruments come in from the different synthetic sounds to the different guitars. Lovely! I know there are a lot of people who don't like this first song because it doesn't have lyrics, but it's beautiful. And I love it that the song doesn't have many lyrics because it symbolizes, to me, that life can make one speechless and that sometimes the best thing to do is just ride the music.<br /><br />The next songs are much darker. You go into the \\"Cemeteries of London,\\" which is haunting, and then \\"Lost!\\", which is interesting. Joy -> Death -> Confusion. And then there's \\"42.\\" At first I didn't like this song, because the piano is playing the same chord over and over again, but then it went into a completely different direction with many layers of different sounds. Better yet, it completely connected \\"Cemeteries of London\\" and \\"Lost!\\" together with the lyrics, \\"You thought you might be a ghost/You didn't get to heaven but you made it close.\\" Oh yes, that's right... connecting death with confusion and putting a snarky look on it? I love it. So in a way, it makes fun of the first couple of songs, but it does it in such a lovely, playful way that it demonstrates how rich life is.<br /><br />Then it moves to the songs that deal with external conflict instead of internal conflict. \\"Lovers In Japan\\" is a lovely song, complete with a bouncy piano and oriental-sounding synthetic noises. \\"Reign of Love,\\" as other reviewers have hinted at, is slow and kind of boring. However, unlike a lot of reviewers here, I actually like the addition because, even though it is slow and boring, it offers more insight on the next couple of songs. So while \\"Lovers In Japan\\" is about being swept away into a world that he isn't quite certain of, \\"Reign of Love\\" expresses regret about being swept away. So yes, I wish it were a little catchier, but it totally makes sense within context of the album.<br /><br />Then there's \\"Yes.\\" This song goes back to the initial theme of loneliness, but it presents it in a story. He's become dissatisfied with the \\"love\\" he has and that love has turned on him to make him even lonelier than before. However, what makes \\"Yes\\" an even more fantastic song is the end. Now, I realize that there were a few people who didn't care for it (to their credit, it is kind of repetitious), but I love it. It's a bit hard to understand the lyrics, at least for me, but it's talking about sleep and rest and such. And it's also talking about being crucified. Eep! Talk about a gory image in relatively mild song with guitars jamming and other various layers. So why are they bringing forth this image?<br /><br />Enter: \\"Vida la Vida.\\"<br /><br />And you can see how I love this album. It really all ties together, so if you want to purchase it (which hopefully you will) you have to get the complete album. It really is lovely together.<br /><br />Anyway, \\"Viva la Vida\\" is an interesting song because it brings forth the image of a fallen leader. But instead of being an allusion to Christ, as \\"crucify\\" would imply, it reminds me more of \\"Lawrence of Arabia,\\" where Lawrence tries to gain godlike power and is eventually destroyed by it. So really, this song is about the destruction of a man as he tries to become a God. (Me? Over-read this? Never!) Remember \\"Reign of Love,\\" where he wishes he had a chance to speak with the \\"Reign of Love\\" before he was swept away in his own little world? Well, \\"Viva la Vida\\" hints that he tries to become the \\"Reign of Love\\" as it were, and he fails utterly. Did I mention that this a really catchy song? It kept on getting in my head, which meant I had to listen to the whole album. Woe!<br /><br />After that is \\"Violet Hill.\\" The song is a bit hard for Coldplay with it driving percussion pulse, electric guitars, and the piano (of course), along with other synthetic layers, but that's fine with me. This song connects with the story too. After being destroyed and mocked from the people that once knew him, he sits with his love on a snowy hill and pleads with her to show him that she loves him, if she really does. So once more, we go back to the whole \\"love\\" aspect. And it provokes a question: what is love, really? The song makes it clear that there is no love for him here, even though he sits with his lover. So where exactly can he find love?<br /><br />Enter: Strawberry Swing.<br /><br />This is a lovely, nostalgic song where he remembers a loved memory from the past, not with the rushed \\"Lovers In Japan\\" feel, but rather a slow memory where he could think. A very peaceful song. It reminds me of playing in the woods as a little girl.<br /><br />I think Coldplay later added \\"Lost?\\" because my version ends with \\"Death and All His Friends.\\" But in a way, I like this ending because it really sums it up. You go from joy to confusion and as the plot thickens, the different definitions of love he sees mislead him one after another. Finally, after slowing down and thinking about everything that has happened, he reverts to joy and declares:<br /><br />No I don't wanna battle<br />From beginning to end<br />I don't wanna cycle<br />Recycle revenge<br />I don't wanna follow<br />Death and all his friends<br /><br />Complete with themes from \\"Life in Technicolor,\\" this says what \\"Life in Technicolor\\" could only express in music about the joy of life. Now, he is not lost and will not become just a ghost because he has made an active decision not to follow death. Why should he? He is full of life instead.<br /><br />Viva la vida!<br /><br />Brilliant album. Get it. You won't be disappointed.
B000PKG7TI|5.0|If you enjoy any Nightwish CD's, this is a must have.  The DVD and CD's of the concert are enclosed. Great sound. Good emotion in the performance. \\"Phantom of the Opera\\" and \\"Over The Hills and Far Away\\" are two of the biggest highlights but they don't even come close to the Jam \\"I Wish I had an Angel\\" as that song is a masterpiece. If you like rock and are looking for something different than the same old classics they play on the radio, then get this.  Metal with a slight operatic voice twist at times which actually works perfectly. Tarja was awsome but now she's left them. I can't wait for a new DVD with Annette!
B000UNYJXQ|5.0|This is a definite movie everyone should see.  Can you believe that our \\"enemy\\" Cuba takes care of their citizens better than our own government treats us.  We can go to Cuba and get treated by just giving a name and date of birth.  What a sin that Healthcare is so outrageous here. Maybe our President Obama can resolve this critical issue soon, so that we all can enjoy LONG, HAPPY and HEALTHY lives.
B000FMGTTE|5.0|this soundtrack is perfect a true gem the best of the best buy it you wont be sorry
1603580557|5.0|There cannot be a simpler and easier way to clarify the systems thinking approach to deal with the complex processes and problems in this dynamic world, than this primer. At any point in the space-time continuum we are essentially dealing with a complex inter-twinning of socio-economic-political-technical systems.<br /><br />At first, we are not able to identify the structures and behaviors of these systems, and then, even if we can identify them, we fail to understand how they impact each other or how they are connected with each other. [[ASIN:1603580557 Thinking in Systems: A Primer]] authored by a well-known expert of systems thinking will help to develop a line of sight enabling you to see & understand these systems.<br /><br />It might initially sound highly technical or engineering oriented, but actually the book is written in a very plain, easy-to-understand language and very insightful examples. There were so many Aha and Ohhh..I see moments while I was reading this book. I will not reproduce any statement or definition or take-away from this because she has explained everything with such simplicity that I cannot match it.<br /><br />It is a must read for anyone involved in business-process improvement, management, or want to open up his/her thinking to move up in the hierarchy. It is always easier to go deeper and deeper into the problems, but it is always tough to develop a broad overview and the ability to integrate things together. This book is the best starting point to get there!!!
B000065K5G|1.0|My daughter and I read the book at the same time. Having read the book, and knowing how difficult it was, we were both looking forward to treating ourselves to the movie version. How dissapointed we were! This version was nothing like the book.
B001PPGAIK|5.0|This movie was simply AMAZING!! Baz Lurhmann created a masterpiece! This movie will have you laughing, smiling, crying and even sitting on the edge of your seat. You will instantly fall in love with the little boy, Nullah, with his accent, his words, and his face. It is definitely worth a watch!! It has romance, it has history, it has war and action and it has epic portions. As with all Baz Lurhmann's movies, it is multi-faceted and it has you looking deeper into the movie and even standing back and understanding the message. Not only is a brilliant movie, you will learn about the history and culture of Australia! Go rent it or buy it NOW!!
B00005JPY2|5.0|Readers of the Watchmen comic rejoice--the movie (for once) actually does it justice.    Never have I ever seen a movie adaptation of ANYTHING that so dedicatedly follows the actual contents of the original work. Certain things had to be cut, naturally- the movie approaches the three hour mark as it is. But what was important has been kept safe, what was lost was paid tribute, and what is entirely missing has its own DVD coming out.    Also, going into the theater I was afraid I would be watching Sin City, 300 and, god help us, The Spirit, all over again with a Watchmen smiley face on it. The styles of 300 and Sin City particularly are a great asset to the films, making them closer to visual art than your average live-action. But they wouldn't work pasted on another movie like bad clip-art, as might have been apparent after The Spirit. Lucky for us, the people who made Watchmen aren't complete idiots, and the style they developed for this movie was completely it's own, and more than perfectly appropriate.    In conclusion, high five to everyone who worked on this movie. And just as a warning to those who have not yet read the actual comic... You might want to get on that before you see this movie. It is not full of happy fun times, and might put a damper on your evening if you can not embrace some serious cynicism in your life.    Also, Rorschach=BAMF. All I'm sayin'.
0486450066|5.0|This text, the subject of so much political and social controversy in the U.S., is actually just a nice read.  First, and in surprising contradiction to all the God versus science panic, he presumes an \\"act of creation,\\" which to me, implies that his theory is based on the idea of a Creator.<br /><br />Here are a few quotes from Chapter Two in which he discusses acts of creation:<br /><br />[...]<br /><br />No one definition has satisfied all naturalists; yet every naturalist knows vaguely what he means when he speaks of a species. Generally the term includes the unknown element of a distinct act of creation.<br />The term species thus comes to be a mere useless abstraction, implying and assuming a separate act of creation.<br /><br />On the other hand, if we look at each species as a special act of creation, there is no apparent reason why more varieties should occur in a group having many species, than in one having few.<br /><br />He then spends considerable time discussing and thinking about the anomalies in domesticated animals.  The domesticated duck, for example, has larger leg bones and smaller wing bones, which he attributes to more time spent walking and less spent flying.  He notes that many domesticated animals develop, over numerous generations floppy ears, which he speculates is to due to loss of musculature from attention to potential dangers -- a skill domesticated, human-protected animals no longer require.<br /><br />There are anomalies among domesticated animals because in his day, there was a theory that left without interference from breeders, animals would \\"revert\\" to their \\"pure\\" ... presumably original created forms.  Of course, Darwin observes that this isn't true and that one can observe that a continuation of development of various different attributes is normal.<br /><br />This book is a delightful read because as Darwin wonders why the animals and plants grow, procreate and develop as they do, it is easy to follow the natural curiosity of his mind.<br /><br />He obviously spent considerable time with people who specialized in breeding animals and those who modified plant types to improve their strength, color, taste, size, etc.<br /><br />Following all this discussion on domestication, he then ventures into a discussion about the need for an external source for reproduction and concludes that while some species of plants and worms can breed themselves, they can not do so indefinitely and will require another specimen to breed with to ensure the strength of the offspring.  Of course, today, we understand clearly the genetic drawbacks of inbreeding, but Darwin was exploring the concepts and coming to, obviously, very solid conclusions.<br /><br />He talks about the success of animals and plants that are non-Native to a given area and the potential to disrupt the lives of native plants and animals in the area immigrated to.<br /><br />I don't think this is necessarily a book just for scientists and academicians, this is a great read if you just want to pass a rainy weekend in contemplation of the world we live in.f his mind.<br /><br />He obviously spent considerable time with people who specialized in breeding animals and those who modified plant types to improve their strength, color, taste, size, etc.<br /><br />Following all this discussion on domestication, he then ventures into a discussion about the need for an external source for reproduction and concludes that while some species of plants and worms can breed themselves, they can not do so indefinitely and will require another specimen to breed with to ensure the strength of the offspring.  Of course, today, we understand clearly the genetic drawbacks of inbreeding, but Darwin was exploring the concepts and coming to, obviously, very solid conclusions.<br /><br />He talks about the success of animals and plants that are non-Native to a given area and the potential to disrupt the lives of native plants and animals in the area immigrated to.<br /><br />I don't think this is necessarily a book just for scientists and academicians, this is a great read if you just want to pass a rainy weekend in contemplation of the world we live in.
B000PC1N54|5.0|This Zeffirelli production is grand in every respect - sets and scenery, decor, costumes, jewelry, ballet - only the best was used for this Verdi masterpiece. A true feast for the eyes. I certainly couldn't find any fault with these luxurious and elaborate sets. I thought the principal singers were very satisfying vocally. OK, so Alagna's Celeste Aida wasn't the best I ever heard but this is one heck of an aria to sing at the start of act 1 without much of a warm up and there aren't too many tenors around who can pull this off flawlessly. Komlosi's Amneris was wonderful in every respect - vocally, visually, with some fine acting talents. While I loved Urmana's voice, I wasn't enthralled with her visually - with her billowing gowns she gave a rather matronly impression of Aida which does not fit my romantic image of the slave over which Radames loses his head. This may be a very superficial opinion on my part but with the present day technology  with all the close-ups, I prefer to be carried away emotionally by singers who make a their roles believable. The ballet scenes were also very well executed - Roberto Bolle, the principal dancer, certainly created a lot of excitement among the audience (and obviously enjoyed the adulations showered upon him).  The negative aspect of this Aida for me was the artsy camera work which I found very irritating and distracting. Every few minutes there were interruptions by superimposed images, filters, and zooming in on parts of the stage (like a wall treatment, statue, or weapon) instead of staying with the action. This was irritating and disruptive to the flow of the opera.  The reason I purchased this recording is that I have loved every Zeffirelli production I have ever seen and this one is no exception.
0385736002|2.0|This should have been a great book.  The characters were poorly developed and paper thin.  I felt like I was reading a rough draft.
1416914293|3.0|Demons are more personal when one's father is summoning them, in Cassandra Clare's second Mortal Instruments novel, CITY OF ASHES.    Shadowhunters (Nephilim) can defeat antags by carving runes on their skin and surroundings, and by using various blades and whatnot. But Clary Fray's and Jace Wayland's father Valentine has stolen a Mortal Instrument or two, using them to summon demons. Why? I'm not sure. Will the teens hunt down their dad and destroy him? There's definite hunting, but we'll have to wait for the final instalment in the trilogy, CITY OF GLASS, for closure.    Meanwhile, Clary's BFF Simon really likes her - a little too much. She tries to give him a chance, but ultimately they can't stay in the more-than-friends category. And it's not just that Simon's getting to know werewolf Maia.    The Shadowhunters seem rather up themselves, and that's evident in their names for others: those without paranormal abilities are \\"mundane\\", whilst vampires and werewolves are \\"Downworlders\\". Will someone please take the Nephilim off their freaking pedestal? They have yet to understand the concept of \\"everyone is equal\\".    An emo vampire acknowledges one's own emoness, so at least he/she (don't want to spoil) has humour. This is important, and well done on the author's behalf, for emo vampires who don't admit to being emo are just no fun. Also, look out for the delightfully creepy Silent City, a haunting setting to remember - awesome.    I can't recollect much of the first book, CITY OF BONES, but I enjoyed it more, so CITY OF ASHES comes as somewhat of a disappointment. Alas, there is still one book to go, and hopefully it'll engage more than this angsty middle.
B00005JPY2|5.0|I know, I know. Several people are going \\"duh\\", while the others are going \\"but my children are so mature!\\" I'm saying that the parents need to watch this film before their kids see it & judge whether or not this film is appropriate for their children. There is extremely graphic violence, sex (for a main run movie) & lots of full frontal nudity (mostly supplied by Dr. Manhattan). The only reason I mention this is because I know there's going to be some idiotic parent who will assume that comic book adaptation means that they can drag their 6 year old child to this film & then get mad when they realize it isn't. Because such parents exist, I'm warning them so the rest of us can enjoy this wonderful film without interruption of such things. Got kids? Babies? Easily offended? Go see something else & leave this film for the rest of us to enjoy. With that being said, on to the actual review.<br /><br />The film semi-faithfully adapts Alan Moore's beloved comic book for the big screen. There are some parts cut out (the Black Freighter, the Hooded Owl memoir & many sidestories) & a few changed (the squid is swapped if you didn't know), but it is mostly by far one of the most faithful comic book adaptations I've seen in a long while. There's a lot to love in thism movie & most fans will leave entertained.<br /><br />The plotline follows a handful of retired (and not so retired) costumed heroes as they deal with the aftershock of one of their own has been murdered. One of their number, the highly unstable Rosarch, believes that someone is picking off masks one by one & that all of them are at risk. Slowly other retired costumed heroes begin to believe that there is something to what he is saying.<br /><br />This film was very well done. The acting was top notch & the directing was spot on. This was not an easy film to adapt, with an overabundance of information to adapt to the big screen & much of it being flashbacks or surplus stories, but Snyder does a bang up job of it. Like one of the other reviewers said, the actors were all beautifully flawed in their acting, which makes for a very realistic portrayal of what costumed life would be like without the costume. The special effects are also well done & the film plotlines run smoothly into each other.<br /><br />A warning, however. It may take some viewers a while to catch up with everything. I attended with two people who had never read the comic (I had), & it took them a while to adjust to everything that was initially going on & to keep up with everything. Once the film started kicking into high gear, they were well up to speed & were able to keep up. It was just that initially they were a teensy bit confused.reviewers said, the actors were all beautifully flawed in their acting, which makes for a very realistic portrayal of what costumed life would be like without the costume. The special effects are also well done & the film plotlines run smoothly into each other.     A warning, however. It may take some viewers a while to catch up with everything. I attended with two people who had never read the comic (I had), & it took them a while to adjust to everything that was initially going on & to keep up with everything. Once the film started kicking into high gear, they were well up to speed & were able to keep up. It was just that initially they were a teensy bit confused.
B001TH16DS|3.0|Why are they releasing this in Aspect Ratio: 2.35:1 when it was shot for tv? I would rather see it in 16:9 1.77:1. I understand the 2.35:1 cuts for theater releases, but this is going directly to Blu-Ray. I am really tired of the black bars. I guess I should have bought a 70 inch LCD instead of 46 inch. Lets get with the program and start making films to fit the whole HD screen. And the studios wonder why their sales are down.
B00000BKE1|3.0|To all the reviewers trashing this album: give me a break! I'll take this Maiden album with Bruce singing over any of the music from that same early 90's era. After the atrocities committed by Maiden with Blaze Bayley singing lead, \\"No Prayer for the Dying\\" and \\"Fear of the Dark\\" became 5-star classics in comparison. For the record, \\"X Factor\\" is the worst Maiden album to date. Even having Bruce sing \\"Lord of the Flies\\" or \\"The Sign of the Cross\\" live doesn't make them more appealing, much less tolerable. Any album that produces a concert favorite such as \\"Fear of the Dark\\" cannot be that bad. Still though, \\"The Number of the Beast\\" through \\"Seventh Son of a Seventh Son\\" remain Maiden's best offerings. Up the irons!
B00192KCQ0|1.0|The production is DREADFUL. The songs, not even mediocre.  Metallica still hasn't made a album worth buying since justice.  If I hear one more article or review saying this is a return to the days of puppets i'm going to puke. does anyone agree let me know. if this was a different band they might have gotten two stars.But metallica has to be held to a higher standard so my ;one star in truth is zero stars.  if you love the first four metallica albums I don't think you will like this.
B001F1YBP8|5.0|This performance of the Brandenburg concertos is STUNNING. Abbado's direction and every single performance in this production will leave you agog. I simply had never heard such a wonderful and flawless rendition anywhere, period. The video is simply gorgeous. The audio was also fabulous. As to the reviewer that commented that the audio is not high definition, that statement is absolutely incorrect, there is a 5.1 uncompressed PCM track which is absolutely perfect! Strongly recommended!
B001O9BYGU|5.0|It is refreshing to read a fantasy that doesn't have elves and wizards ( or other forms closely named) like every other fantasy.<br /> The story behind this book is entirely different than any other fantasy that I've read. The history and rules in this book are very complicated but easily understood because of the author's skill at writing. While reading this book its as if you already knew the history and type of magic  in this book, the way the author writes makes the words ease into your mind.<br /> There is enough of everything in this book to appeal to a large audience: romance, adventure, thrill, mystery, and a different setting to intrigue the reader.<br /> I'm very hard to please as a reader and I was overly pleased after reading this book.
B000RPTQ1C|5.0|This is one of the best albums.  Chris Martin and the boys are outstanding.
B00066FED6|2.0|Masterpiece Theatre's version of Northanger Abbey is *much* better than this version.  This version is choppy, and it is too obvious that it is a product of the 80's. (Not that there is anything wrong with movies from the 80's, but I think its signature (the 80's feel) on a film from a different time period is disturbing.)  The Masterpiece Theatre version delivers the plot more smoothly and, in my opinion, is of better quality all the way around (including the choice of actors).  I highly recommend passing up this version in favor of Masterpiece Theatre's.
B000002KB8|5.0|Thanks for the great service and timely service.  Couldn;t find this cd in stores anywhere around my area.
B001F290E4|2.0|Seal has a wonderful, rich, distinctive voice, and he's a good songwriter. When he burst onto the scene in the early 90's, he also had an innovative sound.<br /><br />This album is the opposite of innovative. It's bland and boring, and seems ready made to be playing in a drug store near you. I have no problem with Seal doing covers of classic soul music - I loved his cover of \\"Walk on By\\" - but why couldn't he have done something fresh with the sound, instead of just making redundant rehashes?<br /><br />Seal is a great talent in desperate need of the right producer.
0307237699|5.0|This book contains some great reading and I recommend it to anyone that enjoys a real family  experience.
B001FB4W0W|5.0|Alan Ball's heavy, worldly, realisitic material (Six Feet Under, Amercan Beauty) always had elements of fun, fantasy, and sexuality. So what would happen if Ball took on a show based on a series of southern gothic fantasy-romance-horror novels?<br /><br />True Blood is a freakin blast. It's fun, it's sexy, it's thrilling, it's over-the-top, it's engrossing, and totally addictive. By increasing the roles of the supporting characters in Charlaine Harris' equally addictive novels, Ball has managed to create an true ensemble show which combines the sexy and supernatural with Ball's trademark depth and social commentary.<br /><br />Obviously creative liberties needed to be taken in order to turn the books into a series, but I doubt Charlaine Harris is irked. This show could have easily been a cheese-tastic CW mess, but with Oscar-winning Anna Paquin playing Sookie Stackhouse, Ball at the helm, and quality-driven HBO as the host, I don't see how the series could have possibly turned out better.
0307383415|5.0|The book was just what I was looking for. I presume I will have much pleasure in reading and maybe passing it on to my family for them to enjoy.
B001N3OCV6|5.0|The soundtrack to \\"Watchmen\\" is excellent! All of the tracks on here are excellent! I liked them all.    Track Listing  1. Desolation Row (My Chemical Romance)  2. Unforgettable (Nat King Cole)  3. The Times They Are A-Changin' (Bob Dylan)  4. The Sound Of Silence (Simon & Garfunkel)  5. Me & Bobby McGee (Janis Joplin)  6. I'm Your Boogie Man (KC & The Sunshine Band)  7. You're My Thrill (Billie Holiday)  8. Pruit Igoe & Prophecies (Philip Glass)  9. Hallelujah (Leonard Cohen)  10. All Along The Watchtower (Jimi Hendrix)  11. Ride of the Valkyries (Budapest Symphony Orchestra)  12. Pirate Jenny (Nina Simone)
B0014YPEI4|4.0|Disappointed!   This thing will not stand!  I'm not sure why Papo did such an excellent job on this model, and then failed to align the feet correctly.  I have seen three of these, all the same.   The feet are widely splayed enough but for some reason it is a balancing act.  Straighten the legs, and gradually they sink back into their wacky position.    Great model, excellent detail and coloring.   Prepare to display it as either perpetually lying down asleep or dead.
B001PPLIEG|4.0|The 2nd installment of the 'new-and-improved' Bond franchise, starring Blond Bond Daniel Craig, is a satisfying action movie with a disjointed, and mostly irrelevant, central narrative about forgiveness and redemption.<br /><br />Be warned, Quantum picks up the threads where Casino left off and continually refers to plot points or characters from the previous film in an off-hand way. If you haven't seen the first film then deciphering the story line is a lost cause.<br /><br />If you have seen Casino you'll probably be lost a good portion of the time anyway given how briskly the story moves along. Details are thrown at you almost tangentially, new characters are introduced and killed before you have time to remember their faces or names, and Bond skips across the globe like a groupie tagging along with a band on a World Tour.<br /><br />Fortunately, none of this really matters. The brutal hand-to-hand violence and gritty car chases a la Bourne series are still intact. Craig makes it clear that his take on the impulsive, introspective Bond is here to stay. The dialogue is nothing special, but it's mature and free of cheesy one-liners. In other words, the updates to the franchise made it into the sequel.<br /><br />Casino Royale is required viewing, and is also the superior film, but Quantum is an enjoyable and fast-paced action film that re-affirms the direction the franchise is heading in.
B00127RAJY|5.0|I love this DVD! I THOUGHT I was an intermediate/advanced exerciser,doing my own customized bootcamp workouts that I learned from my brother in the Navy, WRONG! Well, I nearly fell over in level 2 from panting!  It is intense and exciting with interesting moves...believe me just because I got through level 1 doesn't mean it was anywhere near shabby.  This is my second week and I get through level 2 by the skin of my teeth (and my teeth don't have any skin!) and level 1 still makes me sweat and challenges me a whole lot! I LOVE IT. I feel like i can accomplish anything (and can) after this workout...success. Get it, you're (we're) worth it!  Btw, I have 3 of Jillian's most recent videos and have only done the 30 day Shred so far. I am soooo grateful for this DVD!
B001TH16DI|1.0|Pretty simple - Paramount is milking the series for all its worth, which right now is not all that much. Charging $ 100 for these movies is ridiculous, especially when they're not cleaned up / restored. Sorry Paramount, no sale here!
B000WGWQG8|5.0|[[ASIN:B000WGWQG8 John Adams (HBO Miniseries)]].  This HBO program far exceeded my expectations.  HBO seems to come up with these quality prductions virtually everytime they take on such a project, and they have NOT failed with \\"John Adams.\\"  Both Paul Giamatti and Laura Linney gave spectacular performances.  When it came to accents, until I played the commentaries, were it not for Paul's surname, I would have sworn that they were of English descent.  My thought on that subject was totally \\"destroyed.\\"  The make-up, set designs, and costuming too, were all of the same caliber and high standards to excellence, as were all of the supporting actors!  When I finished viewing the DVD,(I am not an HBO subscriber) I wanted to stand and lead the ovations that were deserving of all!  WELL DONE!    R. C. HAGUE, Beverly, Massachusetts
0679720200|5.0|The Stranger by Albert Camus is about one man's journey that takes a troublesome turn that brings him misfortune.  We find him going to his mother's funeral where he expresses no remorse, says very little and returns home. He then goes to see a comedy with a girl he met named Marie. Meursault who is spiritually bankrupt gets involved in a killing. They prosecuted him more for his moral character than for the actual murder itself.
B00005JLEU|5.0|This is one of my favorite films by Hayao Miyazaki and Studio Ghibli. This is an amazing story like the books I read as a child with a very real herione and she goes through such enormous growth. My niece and I watch this film and Howl's Moving Castle whenever she visits and we never get tired of them. The animation is stunning and the English re-dub is amazingly meticulous and thoughtful. I don't believe even Disney could command such voice talents for a re-dub without the stellar quality of Miyazaki's artistic talents as you see in all of Studio Ghibli's films. There's nothing finer out there today.
B001H9MWW2|5.0|Just going to point out first that it does not come in a standard CD case.    Regardless, both CDs are amazing. I especially love the two Life in Technicolor tracks (first tracks on each disc.)
B001M5UDGS|5.0|Dr. Horrible (he's got a PhD... in horrible!) is a super villain. Maybe not the best, maybe not quite at Bad Horse standards, but a super villain just the same. He is also a sensitive man with a crush on the girl at the laundr-o-mat. Cpt Hammer, on the other hand, is ten-times the size of a normal man (his ego is, anyway).  This movie is well worth the money. As is the soundtrack, but you should go the movie route first, if you haven't seen it before (the sountrack and movie are about the same price). It is amusing, and full of catchy tunes. You'll laugh, you'll cry, you'll have the songs stuck in your head for days at a time.  I'm very happy to finally own this fantastic creative work.
B001GQ2TGA|5.0|I love this CD just as I love all of Enya's work. This CD has the right balance of soft smooth songs and upbeat peppy songs. I enjoy listening to it even now, months after the Christmas season. I also love the pictures in the booklet; if I could design my own wedding gown I think Enya's dress would be my inspiration.<br />Although I love Trains and Winter Rains, I believe my favorite song is My! My! Time Flies!.
0312383320|1.0|Sad to say, but I'm relieved to see that I'm not the only one who is disappointed not just in this book, but in the last few books in this series.     I love this series. Love it so much that when a friend of mine borrowed the whole series and then 'lost' the books, I went out and bought them all again, immediately, without hesitation.    But the last three books haven't been the same. I won't go into the details of why, because other reviewers have covered it pretty well, except to add one thing--if there was something I could count on from every one of the Stephanie Plum books, it was that at one or more points in the book, I would find myself laughing uncontrollably. To the point of tears, an aching face, and pain in my sides. And I'm very willing to pay the cover price for the opportunity to laugh myself silly. But the last three books have barely brought out a smile, and have very much been missing...something.    I don't know if the author reads these reviews, but if she does, I'll add my pleas to those of the reviewers below. Bring back the old-school Stephanie books...but evolve the characters while doing it. This may be a tall order, but we have faith that you can do it. Need to take a year or two off to refresh and come back with that revived energy? Please do, rather than giving us books that are sub-par. We love you and Stephanie, and want to enjoy her again. :)
B000LTAY1U|1.0|This watch looks great. I myself bought it because of its military style. However the mechanism had stopped after 1 month. So I highly recommend not to buy this item.
0553805460|5.0|Absolutely love his style of writing.  Belfort says what most of us are thinking but don't have the guts to say.  I read the book and listened to the audiobook.  The audiobook was the most entertaining one I have every listened to, laughed out loud several times.  More importantly though, my 19-year-old son loved this book too, it actually gave us something in common to talk about.  We just bought the sequel and fought over who got to read it first. He won of course!
B001PPGAIA|4.0|I missed this one when it was in the theatres, it didn't seem like it was there very long.  I had heard split reviews about the film.  Some hated it, some thought it was mediocre, nobody thought it was brilliant...and it certainly isn't, but it is definitely worth checking out.<br /><br />I don't do plost synopsis, so scroll up for that....<br /><br />This movie is so similar to Gone With The Wind in tone it's amazing.  It is truly old-fashioned filmmaking on a grand scale.  This film tried to tackle so many things, that only a few of them pay off in a major way.  The romance between Jackman and Kidman is simplistic and archetypical of any old western.  They have good chemistry and their performances are winning.  There are many big and elaborate set-pieces in this film, but only one really stands out, the stampede scene.  This one has the visual splendor and excitement we go to the movies for and even has a climax that is fun and plays into one of the film's themes.  Don't want to spoil it for those who haven't seen it, so I won't say what.But there are other scenes like the Japanese bombing that is quite underwhelming and doesn't quite have the punch it should.  It feels like that this tale has so much ground it wants to cover as far as Australian history goes and so much old-fashioned cinema conventions it wants to incorporate that it doesn't seem to be able to punch up many set-pieces, with the exception of the cattle stampede.<br /><br />The only other real flaw of this film comes from the racial issues presented.  It rightfully portrays the racist natures of many of Australia's inahbitants and the British looking to 'reform' some of the natives and 'creamy's' or half white and half blacks.  Native peoples of this region were treated as subhuman and their tribal rituals treated as satanic and primitive.  As if what they believed was any less silly than Christianity.  This is where the film gets hazy.  It seems to take the native's mysticisim literally.  Which means that Nullah(a child in the story that becomes very important to many events) is omniprescent, and seems to be able to appear and disappear at will, along with his on-the-run uncle(who hides in the mountains due to the mis-accusation of murder) King George.  The movie doesn't out-right say that they are superantura, but then it doesn't reallys ay that they're not.  King George seems to be able to appear at will, and at the right times.  Plus, he can easily catch up with men on horses and running cattle on foot, in the mountain tops.  The problem is that it takes some of the drama away from the events.  If they are mystical then why would the boy need so much help, and why would he be so afraid of danger and need so much saving?  Also, and this may be just my take, but doesn't take a little away from their struggle?  Their stuggles in Australia took a lot of human will to uprise, survive and take back the humanity they were denied.  All the mystical elements seem to make their struggle simplified and take some of the importance out of it...at least for me.<br /><br />So, is the film worth checking out?  Definitely!  It's visually stunning and absolutely beautifully filmed.  The director Baz Luherman(Moulin Rouge, Romeo + Juliet) was obviously very passionate about this film and it's subject and old-fashioned style.  His usual hyperactive, choppy editing style is mostly abscent in this film.  You can feel his presence, especially in the first act(light moments and broad comedy mixed with blunt camera moves) but once the second act rolls he settles down into the traditional Gone With The Wind template.  The acting is all on the money, the script is spritely and unabashedly epic in the old-school Hollywood tradition.  The romance is thin and not especially deep(blowing in the wind cowboy falls for stuck up proper English women, both change after meeting each other) but it works thanks to the movie star casting, and infectious on-screen persona's Jackman and Kidman present.<br /><br />The dvd editon of the film is waaaaay too sparse.  All we get are two deleted scenes.  This is a 20th Century Fox dvd, so past experience has taught me to expect another extended edition with a second disc of special features.  This is one film I wouldn't mind double dipping on and seeing a meatier version of, especially if we get more depth of character, more beautiful vistas and the basic traditional Hollywood grandiosity.he film is waaaaay too sparse.  All we get are two deleted scenes.  This is a 20th Century Fox dvd, so past experience has taught me to expect another extended edition with a second disc of special features.  This is one film I wouldn't mind double dipping on and seeing a meatier version of, especially if we get more depth of character, more beautiful vistas and the basic traditional Hollywood grandiosity.
B0002MG9SI|5.0|Oh... what can I say, simply beautiful movie.  Its hard to tell this movie to someone that hasn't seen it yet. The person just has to see it.    Most recent movie w/ this actress \\"Priceless.\\" Original French version. A great movie as well.
B000FS9MV0|5.0|Renee Olstead's album entitled Skylark showcases her beautiful voice and her ability to sing like a seasoned professional with experience well beyond her years. Renee has a bright future ahead of her; she never falters with these sophisticated ballads because her talent is completely natural. The quality of the sound is excellent and the artwork is lovely.<br /><br />\\"Midnight Man\\" starts the CD off with a jazzy, bouncy melody that features Renee squarely front and center. There's a backup chorus but it only enhances the number; they never steal the spotlight from Renee. Renee doesn't require any backup but they do sound pretty good as they harmonize to perfection! \\"Stars Fell On Alabama\\" uses some great effects to make Renee's voice seem further away just a bit; and the entire ballad holds its own very well. Renee never sings a superfluous note. Her excellent diction bolsters her performance even more; and listen for \\"My Baby Just Cares For Me.\\" \\"My Baby Just Cares For Me\\" again employs a very jazzy arrangement with some mighty fine brass and percussion. The music fits in perfectly with Renee's vocals and she delivers this like a pro!<br /><br />\\"When I Fall In Love\\" has Renee joined by Chris Botti to make this a memorable number; Renee's voice makes this timeless ballad sound fresh, new and terrific. What a pair to perform \\"When I Fall In Love!\\" \\"When I Fall In Love\\" sports a very lush musical arrangement as well. \\"Thanks For The Boogie Ride\\" indeed has a swing/boogie type of musical arrangement and when Renee sings this she does great justice to this tune! Renee was born to sing songs like this.<br /><br />\\"Skylark\\" is, of course, the title track for this album; and the arrangement is particularly pleasing to the ear. Renee never skips a beat and \\"Skylark\\" is clearly a major highlight of this album. Listen also for a rousing rendition of \\"Hit The Road Jack;\\" Renee and some backup singers infuse this with so much energy--Ray Charles would tip his hat to salute Renee and her interpretation of \\"Hit The Road Jack.\\" \\"Hit The Road Jack\\" is one of my very favorite songs on this album; and the arrangement is very creative.<br /><br />\\"You've Changed\\" is a number by Bill Carey and Carl Fischer that has been performed by such greats as Ella Fitzgerald and Billie Holiday. Renee sings \\"You've Changed\\" very much like the greatest of songbirds; and the piano arrangement is very elegant. What a moving ballad! \\"Ain't We Got Fun\\" is a song from the early 1920s but it comes out sounding as fresh as the first time anybody ever heard it! I love that backup chorus, too. The CD ends with Renee Olstead performing \\"Nothing But The Blame;\\" \\"Nothing But The Blame\\" gets the royal treatment from Renee and the slow tempo is very pretty. \\"Nothing But The Blame\\" makes a fine ending for this album.<br /><br />If you think that Renee is at the top of her game, just remember the fact that she's really just begun. It's astonishingly rare that such a young person can compete with the best of the best--but Renee can compete and she does it up right! Obviously, this young songbird will succeed at doing anything she wants to do. Renee's fans will want this for their collections; and I predict that we will get much, much more incredible performances from Renee over the decades to come. She has quite a gift!<br /><br />Great job, Renee! Thank you!n of \\"Hit The Road Jack.\\" \\"Hit The Road Jack\\" is one of my very favorite songs on this album; and the arrangement is very creative.    \\"You've Changed\\" is a number by Bill Carey and Carl Fischer that has been performed by such greats as Ella Fitzgerald and Billie Holiday. Renee sings \\"You've Changed\\" very much like the greatest of songbirds; and the piano arrangement is very elegant. What a moving ballad! \\"Ain't We Got Fun\\" is a song from the early 1920s but it comes out sounding as fresh as the first time anybody ever heard it! I love that backup chorus, too. The CD ends with Renee Olstead performing \\"Nothing But The Blame;\\" \\"Nothing But The Blame\\" gets the royal treatment from Renee and the slow tempo is very pretty. \\"Nothing But The Blame\\" makes a fine ending for this album.    If you think that Renee is at the top of her game, just remember the fact that she's really just begun. It's astonishingly rare that such a young person can compete with the best of the best--but Renee can compete and she does it up right! Obviously, this young songbird will succeed at doing anything she wants to do. Renee's fans will want this for their collections; and I predict that we will get much, much more incredible performances from Renee over the decades to come. She has quite a gift!    Great job, Renee! Thank you!
B000ZOXDFA|5.0|Extremely well done video captures that all important period of English history. Cate Blanchette does a magnificent job as Queen Eliazbeth I
1603580557|5.0|This author, Donella H. Meadows, died before her book could be published, and Diana Wright did some editing to prepare it for publication. It is an excellent book. I expect it will be used as a textbook.    Systems are complex, but the book is understandable and clearly written. It points out that thinking about the world is thinking in terms of a model--it is impossible for us to comprehend and analyze everything about a system.     The book may for you as it did for me arouse a sense of awe. There are so many things that happen in this world differently from the way we expected in advance that they would happen. Systems modeling looks at reasons why. It is awesome, truly.
1857885082|5.0|The book is really WONDERFUL. I tried to read it in Russian, but translation was so poor. That's why I decided to get an original one.
0452289963|5.0|I found almost every line of this book clear and compelling. And somewhere in the middle, I realized that my whole approach to focusing on the present moment has been self-protective. I was trying to shut out everything that stresses me out, for at least a moment. But Tolle is talking about paying attention to whatever comes up, including all the voices of pain and panic that have owned me. His patient observations helped me notice what an adventure each moment of awareness can be.
B0015XASFS|4.0|I first discovered Josh Groban when he made two appearances on Ally McBeal and have been a huge fan ever since. I was somewhat disappointed in this DVD. By mid-way through the DVD, I had to turn it off because my ears hurt. It just seemed like Josh was screaming through so many of the songs. Maybe it was just a poor sound mix.
B000W91RUG|4.0|It is a great show. I loved it. I thought there would be more dics tho.  It only has 3. I can't wait for season 2!!  Well worth it.
B001PPGAIA|5.0|I just finished watching this film and all I can say is WOW!!  This is by far one of the best movies I have seen in a long time.  It has just the right mix of action, adventure, drama, suspense, and romance.  Jackman (is there any man alive sexier???) and Kidman give some of their finest performances ever.  Very well acted, breathtaking cinematagraphy, and a happy ending.  Pure eye candy throughout.  I didn't even notice the length, it is so good. I really enjoyed this film and am so glad I bought it.  You will definately want to add it to your collection.  Period movie lovers will not want to miss this one.  5 Stars, hands down, best movie of the year.
B00005KB9W|5.0|There are three live albums that every outdoor party should have: Allman Brothers/Live at Fillmore East, Santana/Moonflower, and this classic. Upbeat and awesome from start to finish.
B000JK8OYU|5.0|For all the negative reviewers- relax and please remember- this music was prepared as a soundtrack for Cirque- a classy Vegas show. It was not intended as an extension to the Beatles music catalog. There will never be an another addition to that catalog. What Love does do is let us hear quite a bit of the gorgeous subtleties that could not be heard with 1960's technology or even with remastering (a totally different process than what Sir George and Giles Martin have done on Love). I personally adore what Sir George and his son accomplished on this labor of love and no, I don't think John and George are rolling over in their graves like some reviewers have commented. I think even cynical John would have loved it. And for the Yoko bashers, lay off of her- she's been the best possible custodian of John's work. As for Olivia Harrison, Love was carrying out her husband's last wishes. George Harrison wanted this meeting of two worlds- the Beatles and Cirque- it was his idea. Overall, I just get the feeling that there is a lot of misplaced anger (from what or where I don't know) reflected in many of the negative reviews. I guess for some, it's just great sport to tear down something others love when you don't have an artistic bone in your body.
B000002UW1|5.0|Not only is this the best REM CD, it just may be my favorite album of all time. The blend of great music, 80's materialism commentary, production and good old REM weirdness hit every rock and alternative bone in my body.  After hearing certain albums 50+ times, I've burned out on some fantastic classic rock but this CD offers something new every time I play it. What the heck is Oddfellows about?  Who cares, it's cool! Enjoy.
B00092ZMDY|5.0|Highest quality DVD I ever heard in DTS sound.  Great music.  Great recording.  We need more concert DVD's with the kind of effort that went into this one.
0879309210|5.0|I have been doing my own set ups on all of my guitars since the day I bought the book and I will putting new pickups in one of my guitars soon.    This book is easy to follow,step by step.    Just great!
045122499X|5.0|I was disappointed when I finished the book.  I didn't want the story to end!
0307269752|3.0|This book was good until the last fourth..It was predictable and unbeliveable from that point on.
B001MW0J2Y|5.0|If you are a fan then this is a must own.  if you are looking for an album that will take your mind on a wonderful voyage then buy this album.
0930289234|3.0|Well, it takes a lot for a book or comic book to grab me, and this one didn't. Not many out there will agree with my assessment: I found that, even though Watchmen presented a thorough and fascinating reflection of American culture through a fantastically-detailed alternate reality, the story itself is dry, teetering unsuccessfully on the edge between comic book and philosophical detective novel, and the characters are, to me, with perhaps one exception, generally hallow and annoying.<br /><br />Somehow the deep moral consideration of the characters didn't come across as either believable or profound for me.<br />What I saw was a bunch of people in hokey costumes presenting gradations of perspective on being \\"heroic\\" in a world that forces them to be simultaneously anti-hero and hero, never one or the other. This theme is apparent from early in the novel and drags on painfully and emotionally throughout the story. There is one character who embraces this duality, and he's the best thing about the book....<br /><br />Don't get me wrong, the story is well-told and finely detailed, and it's a good read if it happens to catch your fancy. I just happened to find it a general snooze-fest for my imagination filled with characters and circumstances I couldn't bring myself to care about.<br /><br />It's also possible that it was built up too much for me. It is without question a kind of touchstone for graphic novels, but it represents the kind of ironic twist of heroic ideals that I find arrogant and inaccessible as a real person.<br /><br />I was much more into the first few \\"Y the last man books\\" for their visceral, human approach to a fantastic situation. My favorite graphic novel, by far, is \\"BugHouse\\"
B000SGGUWS|5.0|This book is amazing it is full of drama lies and secrets this is a book that you cant put down it is better than the cliquie
B001FB55YE|5.0|By far one of Guy Richie's best films. Rock N' Rolla follows the actions of the old, the new and the outsider gangsters of London, England. With twists, turns, action and loads of comedy genius, Guy Richie has done it again. For fans of Lock Stock and Two Smoking Barrels, Snatch and Revolver, you will love Rock N' Rolla. The blu-ray is an awesome way to watch as well 1080 picture, excellent sound quality and on amazon the best deal for your buck.
B001DJ7PR8|2.0|I am a big fan of Woody Allen; I was looking forward to this movie and I must say it was a big disappointment. It was about nothing and even that was not done in an entertaining way.
B001LPWGE6|5.0|Excellent, outstanding, action packed. Words that best describe the Bourne movies, and at best the Blu-ray pack. The three movies are digitally mastered to 1080 picture and the best sound quality. Sounds amazing with home theater system and the picture is so sharp and clear it is almost like being there without actually being in the danger.
B001ED7C58|5.0|K,,SO TWLIIGHT THE MOVIE WAS AWESOME,,THE CAST WAS AMAZING,,THE BOOKS EVEN MORE SO,,I READ ALL FOUR, 4 TIMES..SERIOUSLY...SO I ORDERED THE SOUNDTRACK AND WELL I GOTTA SAY IT WAS PRETTY AWESOME TO.    MY FAVORITE TRACKS WERE THOSE BY PARAMORE,,,MUSE,,LINKIN PARK,,AND ROB PATTINSON....SIMPLY AMAZING! 5 STARS ALL THE WAY !  PEOPLE WHO DO NOT LIKE THE SOUNDTRACK SHOULD LISTEN TO IT ONE MORE TIME,,PUT IT IN YOUR PERSONAL CD PLAYER WITH YOUR HEADPHONES AND CRANK IT UP,,,BLOCK EVERYTHING ELSE OUT & JUST LISTEN,,,YOU'LL FIND YOURSELF ENJOYING IT,,,ESPECIALLY #1,#2,#4,#7,#8 AND #10..    HAPPY TWILIGHT..................
0618871713|3.0|This is a good graphic memoir I probably would have loved if it were not in the graphic novel format. Alison Bechdel is a skilled storyteller and graphic artist. I don't know if she's a skilled writer because she relies on her drawings to evoke the Victorian monstrosity of her childhood home and the girly dresses she abhorred. The words she uses are effective in moving the story along emotionally and temporally but without the drawings, the story is half told. I almost feel as though this should be reviewed as a film instead of a book.     Bechdel does a good job depicting a family caught up in the social upheavals of the 60s and 70s. She is honest about herself and the conflicts between childhood memory and adult perspective and understanding. I like her honesty.  The way literature and popular culture are woven into the story feels natural and essential.      One example of when I would have preferred a more traditional narrative was description of Greenwich Village at that point in history. I'm from New York and spent a lot of time in the Village during that period. I didn't need to know any more about the significance of Christopher Street or the post-Stonewall atmosphere of NYC. Maybe that is a weakness of the book: is the audience too narrow? I guess I'll know the answer to that question when my well-read but decidedly non-urban, mostly straight book group discusses this next week. (They like Persepolis, but I had the same misgivings with that book.) I suspect I am just the wrong audience for graphic novels. If I run across any essays or other writings by Alison Bechdel, I will be happy to read them. And when they make the movie, I'll buy a ticket.     Ultimately, this read was pleasant but frustrating. If any graphic novel could have satisfied me, Fun Home would have - and didn't. It isn't Bechdel's fault. She's written a good graphic memoir that is, for me, lacking the emotional depth of a good memoir
B000F8O35U|5.0|We are re-discovering the old Disney Animation lately due to the fact that my daughter is 2 and really enjoys them! We love the story of the Little Mermaid and the version Disney presents is the best by far. The extras on the special edition are worth the extra money and the restoration of the film is wonderful. We also love that the \\"princess\\" in the story is a red-head, unlike the past princesses! This is a must have for your Disney collection!!
B001OW5O36|4.0|My four year old loves it.  He's even reading it to himself.  But I still can't get him to eat his veggies.  I got the book because I knew tomatoes were my son's least favorite food.  It is incrediably creative and funny though in traditional Charlie and Lola fashion.
B00005JL2O|5.0|I bought this item to complete my \\"set\\" collection of the Austin Powers movies. I found it more spectacular than the other two and really enoyed watching it. I'm sure if you are any kind of a comic fan you must have this one as well.
0670020478|5.0|This book is a must read for everyone!  It would be so refreshing and beneficial if schools everywhere adopted his method of creative learning. I plan to buy this book for every high school and college graduate I know. It is a motiviating,inspiring,witty read for all ages.
B001EN71DG|5.0|I bought this trilogy for one reason only; to replace the VHS Boxed set I have of these seminal movies of my childhood. I am not looking for new special effects, I don't care if they have been altered, I don't need HD or BluRay quality and I am not looking for anything new; what I am looking for is the pleasant and exciting return to the days of my youth when Star Wars was magic. In this way this set delivers!    From the opening screen to the last credits I am treated to a time warp, a time when computer graphics were in their infancy, when plot, story and character were more important that flash and gee-whiz graphics. I am remember standing in line, the anticipation and the excitement, these movies take me back there, they will do the same for you too if you'll let them.    Enjoy them for what they are, touchstones to a time more innocent and less jaded; don't bother quibbling over what has changed or how they could be improved; if you're really a purists, dust off the old VHS tapes and put those up on your flat screen and maybe you too will remember why you bought these.    Great movies! Great memories... buy them while you still can.
B001JNNDGA|5.0|Say what you want about Mel Gibson, but when he is making a serious movie, he knows what he's doing.<br /><br />I thought \\"Apocalypto\\" was not very good, mainly because of its ridiculous violence and its quite one-dimensional portrayal of an entire culture. What was the point? Mel Gibson seemed to be saying \\"boy, these people were violent and wrong.\\"<br /><br />But this sort of unipolar viewpoint, which did not serve \\"Apocalypto\\" at all, fits this film to a tee. Gibson is clearly a committed Christian of the Catholic stripe, and he has created pretty much the ultimate cinematic portrayal of the story of Christ's crucifixion. I can't imagine a film which would better indicate the depth of the physical suffering that Jesus of Nazareth must have endured, and the emotional pain this would inflict upon his relatives and best friends.<br /><br />The sets are all very detailed and ring quite true to the period. The actors in lead \\"good guy\\" roles are perhaps a bit too European looking, but given the film's production in Italy, some of this is forgivable. Either way, people have cast these characters with their own ethnicity for eons, so I'm willing to give that a pass.<br /><br />I kind of wish some of the more mystical elements had been left out. Jesus heals a roman soldier during his capture. Judas is attacked (in his mind at least) by little hobgoblin demon children. Christ is also tempted by Satan - who is played and visualized quite well by a spooky-looking actress, but nonetheless this feels like a bit of a tacked on element, despite mentions in the Gospels at various points. These elements are at worst a minor annoyance, but they strain credulity, which probably runs counter to Gibson's purposes.<br /><br />I guess I would have preferred that the human elements of the story stand on their own, because, frankly, that's all we have access to at this late date. We simply can't trust miracle stories and talk of mystical happenings. We don't have access to them. But by meditating on the human aspects of the story, we have something we can relate to and which may inspire faith in the other, less tangible things. To display them openly is to assume their existence before we are faithful.<br /><br />But this is just my opinion, I suppose, based on my reading, studies in philosophy, and my general skeptical bent. I've never seen a miracle, and no one I've trusted has ever reported one to me. Things handed down from 2000 years ago, re-translated dozens of times, do not strike me as reliable sources for amazing stories, none of which seem to happen in modern history and with the benefit of all the technology we have available to us to record such events. I mean, given all the cell phone cameras out there, where are all the indubitable miracles?<br /><br />Anyhow, I digress (my apologies to David Hume...). Even with its mystical trappings, this film in its immediacy and its viscerality certainly succeeds in forcing the viewer to ponder the human aspects. The mystical stuff is a sideshow, so to speak.<br /><br />For those with faith, this film should offer a potent meditation on a story which has been ingrained into the psyche, practically since birth. For a non-believer, this film offers a valuable insight into the passion that believers have for this story and for the man himself. Like a Socrates, Jesus of Nazareth seems to have been a singular man, the like of which is rarely seen. Contemplating this can deepen a non-believer's appreciation, if not deliver them into a completely faithful orientation to the material.<br /><br />To put it briefly, it's a brilliant film. Each shot is lovingly composed, and the visual impact and beauty of the images can't be faulted. The performances all feel very real and there is no actor who takes the viewer away from the time period. Gibson, similar to some of the other great directors such as Kubrick, Scorsese, Stone and he like, excels at  creating \\"scene.\\" You really feel like 'you are there.'<br /><br />*******<br /><br />The Blu-Ray:<br /><br />The picture is quite beautiful. Black levels are solid, detail is quite good (though perhaps not the absolute best, I would say \\"Dark Knight\\" and \\"Alexander\\" top it), and color is very naturalistic. There is a bit of \\"posterization\\" in some shots of the sky (i.e. a sort of digital distortion or dot-crawl), but it only intrudes on 10 or 20 seconds of the film, and is probably in the source material. The DTS audio mix offers some nice directional effects, with crowd taunts and bird chirps in the rear sound field.<br /><br />Technically, it's about as good as I can imagine it looking. I did not see the film in the theater, so I cannot compare the level of fidelity.<br /><br />Extras include commentaries, and a \\"recut\\" version, which apparently is actually a bit shorter than the theatrical release. This version also cuts a bit of violence. A word to parents - cutting five minutes of gruesome violence leaves about, oh, 120 minutes of gruesome violence remaining in the movie. So plan accordingly insofar as your children can tolerate these kinds of things. Other extras: There are several commentaries on the main disc. The extra disc has many short documentaries on both production issues and historical context, though none are in HD, unfortunately.<br /><br />*********<br /><br />So should you buy it? Well, that's a tough question. If you're a devoted Christian who enjoys pondering these mysteries, and you also have a good HD setup, then sure, I can't see any reason not to. If you are not a Christian but are curious about what the hub-bub is about, then this is definitely worth at least a rental. Fans of historical fiction/docudrama will certainly find much to appreciate.<br /><br />Whether or not you buy it, this is definitely a film everyone should see at least once. It is a great film, like it or lump it. It is a vivid and very impactful telling of one of the very few central stories of our global culture. Keep in mind I do not want to put a Christian gloss on humanity here - if there were comparable films on Mohammad (a bit of an issue given the icon prohibition), Buddha, etc., I would recommend seeing those as well.<br /><br />On the whole, by any standards, this is a five-star release. It may not be for everyone's permanent collection. But those who add this Blu-Ray title to their shelf will not be disappointed.solid, detail is quite good (though perhaps not the absolute best, I would say \\"Dark Knight\\" and \\"Alexander\\" top it), and color is very naturalistic. There is a bit of \\"posterization\\" in some shots of the sky (i.e. a sort of digital distortion or dot-crawl), but it only intrudes on 10 or 20 seconds of the film, and is probably in the source material. The DTS audio mix offers some nice directional effects, with crowd taunts and bird chirps in the rear sound field.     Technically, it's about as good as I can imagine it looking. I did not see the film in the theater, so I cannot compare the level of fidelity.    Extras include commentaries, and a \\"recut\\" version, which apparently is actually a bit shorter than the theatrical release. This version also cuts a bit of violence. A word to parents - cutting five minutes of gruesome violence leaves about, oh, 120 minutes of gruesome violence remaining in the movie. So plan accordingly insofar as your children can tolerate these kinds of things. Other extras: There are several commentaries on the main disc. The extra disc has many short documentaries on both production issues and historical context, though none are in HD, unfortunately.    *********    So should you buy it? Well, that's a tough question. If you're a devoted Christian who enjoys pondering these mysteries, and you also have a good HD setup, then sure, I can't see any reason not to. If you are not a Christian but are curious about what the hub-bub is about, then this is definitely worth at least a rental. Fans of historical fiction/docudrama will certainly find much to appreciate.     Whether or not you buy it, this is definitely a film everyone should see at least once. It is a great film, like it or lump it. It is a vivid and very impactful telling of one of the very few central stories of our global culture. Keep in mind I do not want to put a Christian gloss on humanity here - if there were comparable films on Mohammad (a bit of an issue given the icon prohibition), Buddha, etc., I would recommend seeing those as well.     On the whole, by any standards, this is a five-star release. It may not be for everyone's permanent collection. But those who add this Blu-Ray title to their shelf will not be disappointed.
B001ILFUDM|4.0|Version: U.S.A / BVHE-WaltDisney / Region A  MPEG-4 AVC BD-50 / High Profile 4.1 / AACS  Aspect ratio: 1.33:1  Running time: 1:27:44  Feature size: 23,89 GB  Disc size: 30,58 GB  Total bit rate: 36.31 Mbps  Average video bit rate: 28.42 Mbps    DTS-HD Master Audio             English         3446 kbps       7.1 / 48 kHz / 3446 kbps / 24-bit (DTS Core: 5.1 / 48 kHz / 1509 kbps / 24-bit)  Dolby Digital Audio             English         192 kbps        2.0 / 48 kHz / 192 kbps  Dolby Digital Audio             English         192 kbps        1.0 / 48 kHz / 192 kbps    Subtitles: English SDH, French, Spanish  Number of chapters: 25    #Audio Commentary with Leonard Maltin, Eric Goldberg and J.B. Kaufman  #Disney View : Enhanced viewing mode  #Pinnochio's Matter of Facts  #Disney Song Selection  #Pinocchio Knows Trivia Challenge  #BD-Live: Disney-Live Network: Movie Chat, Movie Mall, Movie Challenge, Disney Movie Rewards Live    Blu-ray Disc-2  **************    #No Strings Attached: The Making of Pinocchio (HD - 55:58)  #The Sweatbox (HD - 6:24)  #Live Action Reference Footage (HD - 9:58)  #Geppettos Then & Now (HD - 10:57)  #Music Video: When You Wish Upon a Star with Meaghan Jette Martin (3:25)  #Deleted Songs (2:35)  #Never-Before-Seen Alternate Ending Deleted Scenes & Alternate Ending (10:23)  --The Story of the Grandfather Tree  --In the Belly of the Whale  #Pinnochio Art Galleries  #Pleasure Island Carnival Games  #Pinocchio Puzzles (HD)  #Sneak Peaks - Monsters, Inc. and Bolt (HD)    Disc 3 DVD  **********  Pinocchio with restored image and sound
B001L5SXQG|2.0|This CD was uninspired, monotonous, and more of the some old stuff.  In these economic times, a partial refund might be in order.  This   CD is already in my resale bin.
0061649694|5.0|I bought this to read at night to my boys (almost ages 5 and 8) before bed each night for a while.  It took us about 2 weeks to get through and they were so excited each night to see what was going to happen.  The writing was simple enough for them to fully understand, yet not babyish at all.  It also helped to not make the movie scary for them (the majority of our friends who've seen the movie have said it was scary).  They enjoyed pointing out what was different in the movie from the book.  Highly recommended!
B0007PAMR4|5.0|[[ASIN:B0007PAMR4 Dune (Extended Edition)]] This has got to be the definitive for this genre of Science Fiction!  I think the story as well as the cinematography are the top of the list!  The extended version has more dialogue as well as the story board introduction that gives a reference to how the human race has evolved to the level it was at this time.  Then the next step...Muad'Dib! A MUST if you don't have it!
B0011NVC98|1.0|We watched it because we ordered it and I couldn't accept that it was going to be as bad as it was, but the story seems to have been left on the literary equivalent of the cutting room floor. Beowulf, the new king is young and getting himself into the same trouble as the previous king; then he is old and making out with some girl young enough to be his daughter--of which he has none, or sons...of the queen that is. We miss his whole life. Where is his relationship with the queen and its deterioration? Not even one love scene? Did she withdraw from him for the same reason she had done so from the previous king? And what? Russell Crowe wasn't available? Who the hell is Ray Winstone? If you want to know why this movie HAD to be CGI, please look at this picture of him! [...] Get the F out of here. What (or whom) did he do to get the lead in a movie about a big, strong, hero man with Medieval buns of steel? Zemeckis, the director, says he specifically chose Winstone after hearing him do Henry VIII, and that he IS Beowulf. Talk about a tin ear. Compared to Gerard Butler's resonant, \\"Tonight we dine in hell!\\" Winstone's thin, weak and unconvincing \\"I am Beowulf,\\" is almost funny. Winstone is the ?ultimate Beowulf?? Did Zemeckis SEE Troy? Pitts voice was a little girly, true, and Eric Bana is well, banal in seemily every circumstance, but have you seen either one of these men? Was the budget so low that Zemeckis could use technical wizardry to turn Winstone into Pitt's Achilles, but not to resurrect Mel Gibson? Admittedly a little long in the tooth now, but certainly the progenitor of the half-man/half-beast by any standard. Or Hugh Jackman couldn't buff up in a pinch? Anthony Hopkins, John Malcovich and Robin Wright Penn wasted? Brendan Gleeson was not only wasted, but was even less recognizable than Winstone, who calls himself \\"a little on the plump side.\\" The best part of this mess was seeing Jolie as a reproducing monster. Irony indeed.Irony indeed.
B00133KFGW|4.0|This movie just hit me straight at my heart... tender beautiful movie with a great soundtrack too.  Will watch this movie a million times and never get tired.
B001KOFH2G|5.0|Awesome fun! Upgraded from DVD to BD. If you like this you will probably enjoy Firefly!
B0012QCZ54|5.0|This movie has a great theme to for anyone that gets discourage about people that tell them you won't make it in life. This push away anyone's theory about not being able to make a dance crew work. Through a well thought out development of skills' as to bring it to the forefront is the awesome thing about this movie.
B00129H7VS|5.0|Spent a few bucks more for the BD version and glad I did. Well done war 'movie.'
B00005JPY2|4.0|Comic book adaptations are all the rage these days and they are a dime-a-dozen. To prepare for this review, I re-read the graphic novel so I can give a more detailed viewpoint. \\"Watchmen\\" is adapted from the award-winning 12-issue mini-series in the 80's which in turn became a popular graphic novel. The graphic novel was written by Alan Moore (From Hell, V for Vendetta) and illustrated by Dave Gibbons (Green Lantern) and adapted to the big screen by Zack Snyder (300). This is Snyder's third full-length feature film, and he is in familiar ground in taking well-received formulas in pop culture, make it a strong visual affair and he calls the film a \\"tribute\\" or a homage. Most of the time, Alan Moore is displeased with the final result when his story is adapted; as far as I can recall, only twice has he requested his name removed from a film's credits because of his strong displeasure--it was with the Wachowski's \\"V for Vendetta\\" and you guessed it...in \\"Watchmen\\". This is why you only see \\"based on the graphic novel illustrated by Dave Gibbons\\" in the credits. Moore's name appears in the credits of \\"League of the Extraordinary Gentlemen\\" and \\"From Hell\\". (whether it was because of the insistence of the producers or he gave his blessing for these other films, I do not know)<br /><br />The government has banned \\"super-hero\\" operations with a law passed in the senate and most heroes have retired. When a former super-hero called \\"The Comedian\\" (Jeffrey Dean Morgan) is murdered, a still operating vigilante called Rorshach/Walter Kovacs (Jackie Earle Harley) takes it upon himself to investigate and comes to the conclusion that someone is killing \\"masked\\" vigilantes. He takes it upon himself to warn his fellow super heroes such as the Nite Owl/Dan Drieberg (Stephen McHattie), Silk Spectre/Laurie Juspeczyk (Malin Akerman), Dr. Manhattan/Jon Osterman (Billy Crudup) and a genius industrialist Ozymandias/Adrian Veidt (Matthew Goode) of the supposed conspiracy. Aided by his former partner, the Nite Owl and Silk Spectre 2, what they find is just something so unbelievably insane that it will shake the very world.<br /><br />I wasn't kidding when I said that Snyder makes these \\"tribute\\" films. \\"Watchmen\\" is so full of iconic sequences that is lifted from the graphic novel; the scene in the prison mess hall, Dr.Manhattan`s citadel, all would give fans a reason to rejoice. The dialogue is almost derived word for word, Snyder succeeds where he has excelled in \\"300\\", the viewer does feel like he is reading a live action comic book. The characters in the film have plenty of development in the form of flashbacks, fans of the graphic novel will be thrilled. The film is pretty much lifted from the novel with some minor additions--the film is more action-packed than the graphic novel (brutal, fast and hard-hitting), some sequences are extended and some are deleted. The film has its share of sex scenes and nudity and you see Dr. Manhattan the way he was in the comic--stark naked most of the time. The film does emulate a certain darkly foreboding mood, but it also doesn't lose it's sense of black humor. The screenplay by David Hayter and Alex Tse is meant to give us a sense of nostalgia, and they do succeed, well, at least until the final act of the film...<br /><br />Purists of Alan Moore's storyline will be a little disappointed as certain key elements in the graphic novel are missing. Laurie is a smoker (which is why she turned on the flamethrower and caused the accident) and abhors donning her costume, the original Nite Owl wasn't killed by gang members in the film, the boy in the news stand does make an appearance but the key subplot on what he was reading is missing. That subplot, \\"Tales of the Black Freighter\\" was extremely important in the graphic novel's commentary on humanity's sense of survival. The conversation in Mars between Laurie and Dr. Manhattan is significantly short, and loses a lot of its dramatic and emotional edge. Yes, Snyder andcompany does make an impressive visual and aural feast, but they missed the original story's dark message and philosophical relevance.<br /><br />I am also assuming that Alan Moore had his name removed because the climax takes a significant nose dive and I am sure purists will be very upset. The climax in the film lacked a strong effect on its narrative as it deviated from the original material. This ending may be easier to connect with for those unfamiliar with the graphic novel, but honestly, it felt very clich&eacute;d, unimaginative and predictable. The approach in the graphic novel was very methodical, moody and full of emotions which is why it became a so-called holy ground for comic fans. This film is just another Hollywood fare that uses the source material as a template and not as its stimulation and inspiration.<br /><br />The direction by Zack Snyder is competent but it does have a lot of problems. Sure, it is difficult to compress 12 issues into one film--but one can stay faithful to the feel, essence and thought of the original. He uses the recognizable scenes and famous illustrations as camera shots to tickle fans of the graphic novel. The film has an overabundance in slow motion, and while I thought this was meant to emulate the feel a comic reading experience, Snyder could have done well in refraining a bit from the slo-mo. The direction does present quite a number of plot holes, and felt uneven at times. The biggest goof of them all occurs in the final act of the film when Dan Drieberg said that \\"everything will be ok, as long as people believe Jon is watching over them (or was it \\"watching them?)..\\" which is PURE contradiction to what happened before and to the book's essence. I cannot disclose any more without further spoiling the film, you will have to see for yourself but how can fear be the one factor to inspire peace? Wasn't the \\"Watchmen\\" supposed to help people live without fear? The direction is definitely a mere \\"copy\\" of the sequences from the novel, and Snyder made no effort to make the \\"Watchmen\\" mythos his own and insists that audiences should fill in the plot gaps themselves.<br /><br />The performances are decently acted for the most part and I thought Jackie Earle Harley stole the show as Rorshach. I loved the scenes when he was in prison. The character is by far the most interesting character of them all. Walter Kovacs would give the most ruthless movie serial killers pause. Malin Akerman is charming as Silk Spectre 2 and luscious Carla Gugino even makes an appearance as her mother. I found Stephen McHattie's \\"Nite Owl\\" quite amusing but found Matthew Goode's \\"Ozymandias\\", interesting but a little underwhelming--his plan made him unworthy of being the \\"smartest guy in the world\\". The CGI rendered \\"Dr, Manhattan\\" looks very good and maintains a creepy nature to his character.<br /><br />The visuals are very well done and the CGI rendered environment is quite cool to look at. The costumes have been improved to give the film a more \\"real\\" feel, Dr. Manhattan and Rorshach are the only two characters who had their appearances unaltered from the comic. The special effects does give the illustrations in the novel a certain amount of homage. The soundtrack is reminiscent from the 60's, 70's and 80's music which I thought was a good approach to give the scope of its diverse periods, but some may say that this approach hampered the film as it lost a lot of the brooding, moody feel of the source material. There is a good number of sex and nudity, as well as a strong display of violence against women.<br /><br />Now, do not let my observations as to how it deviated from its source material give the impression that I didn't like the film. Complaints aside, \\"Watchmen\\" is entertaining enough and it is worth a look. The film is polished with high production values and is a visual marvel that I still have to commend the effort. Those unfamiliar with the graphic novel will no doubt be impressed but hardcore fans of the original story will be a little disappointed. It also does have the potential to turn off some viewers since it does somewhat glorify some harsh realities of human nature (the graphic novel never did that, instead condemns it). It is just a purely ineffective vision of the \\"Watchmen\\" mythos; while its main premise was faithful to the source material, it never achieved any complexities in emotional and psychological impact. While not an excruciating film, Snyder's adaptation missed the mark that it felt absolutely unnecessary. After more than 2 hours watching Snyder's rendition, to expose certain heartbreaks, satirical touches, nicely shot action sequences, it gave very little in the way of artistry, emotions and thrills that I found myself pining for the source material's philosophical significance. I can understand Alan Moore's request that his name not to be associated with Snyder's vision.<br /><br />Recommended! [4- Stars]ke the \\"Watchmen\\" mythos his own and insists that audiences should fill in the plot gaps themselves.    The performances are decently acted for the most part and I thought Jackie Earle Harley stole the show as Rorshach. I loved the scenes when he was in prison. The character is by far the most interesting character of them all. Walter Kovacs would give the most ruthless movie serial killers pause. Malin Akerman is charming as Silk Spectre 2 and luscious Carla Gugino even makes an appearance as her mother. I found Stephen McHattie's \\"Nite Owl\\" quite amusing but found Matthew Goode's \\"Ozymandias\\", interesting but a little underwhelming--his plan made him unworthy of being the \\"smartest guy in the world\\". The CGI rendered \\"Dr, Manhattan\\" looks very good and maintains a creepy nature to his character.     The visuals are very well done and the CGI rendered environment is quite cool to look at. The costumes have been improved to give the film a more \\"real\\" feel, Dr. Manhattan and Rorshach are the only two characters who had their appearances unaltered from the comic. The special effects does give the illustrations in the novel a certain amount of homage. The soundtrack is reminiscent from the 60's, 70's and 80's music which I thought was a good approach to give the scope of its diverse periods, but some may say that this approach hampered the film as it lost a lot of the brooding, moody feel of the source material. There is a good number of sex and nudity, as well as a strong display of violence against women.     Now, do not let my observations as to how it deviated from its source material give the impression that I didn't like the film. Complaints aside, \\"Watchmen\\" is entertaining enough and it is worth a look. The film is polished with high production values and is a visual marvel that I still have to commend the effort. Those unfamiliar with the graphic novel will no doubt be impressed but hardcore fans of the original story will be a little disappointed. It also does have the potential to turn off some viewers since it does somewhat glorify some harsh realities of human nature (the graphic novel never did that, instead condemns it). It is just a purely ineffective vision of the \\"Watchmen\\" mythos; while its main premise was faithful to the source material, it never achieved any complexities in emotional and psychological impact. While not an excruciating film, Snyder's adaptation missed the mark that it felt absolutely unnecessary. After more than 2 hours watching Snyder's rendition, to expose certain heartbreaks, satirical touches, nicely shot action sequences, it gave very little in the way of artistry, emotions and thrills that I found myself pining for the source material's philosophical significance. I can understand Alan Moore's request that his name not to be associated with Snyder's vision.     Recommended! [4- Stars]
1595141979|5.0|Since reading the twilight series, I have been on a huge kick of vampire books. I am in my late 20's and I can honestly say, in about a months time, I've read between 15-20 books, and this comes in as my 3rd favorite. I enjoyed the characters and I couldn't put the book down. I was up to 2am because I didn't want to put the book down. It's a great read, I love the characters and the way you can just imagine everything in your head. I hope you enjoy it as much as I have.
B001F2W4Y2|3.0|Dont think this is classic AC/DC by any means.I own the whole catalogue of the bands albums and am sorry to say this album is not that good.There are just too many fillers and not enough good tracks to carry Black Ice through.Sure the opening track Runnaway Train is a cracker and done in typical style its just the rest of the album bar one or two strong songs is a let down.Fans will buy this album as its been a long time coming,but dont feel that i will be the only one not to sing its praise.Some reviewers have compared this album with Black in Black,aye yae yae,this album is not in the same ball park.But if youve bought the album and think its great thats fine as said me personally very dissapointed with Black Ice but heh everyone to there own.Cheers
B00000255F|5.0|I bought this cd after not listening to it for many years.  It is just as good now as when it was released 30 some years ago.. Ageless, classic sentiments that are as fresh now as they were in 1975.  Beautiful, heartfelt lyrics.  I saw Springsteen when I was 16 right before he went big. This cd brought back that experience full force.
B000E41MRC|5.0|We have all seen excerpts from \\"Triumph of the Will\\" wheather we knew it or not but until you see the film from beginning to end you do not realize just how much of it had been used directly and the film technique copied as anti-Nazi Propaganda!
B001DJLCRC|5.0|I'll have to admit, after seeing Mad Men (and just about everything HBO and Showtime had to offer) I was pretty much convinced that there was nothing else worth watching on TV..... happy to be proven wrong.<br /><br />You've probably heard all the hype surrounding Breaking Bad and know about it's premise (dying chemestry teacher becomes Meth dealer to support his family). While this sounded interesting,  I wasn't too impressed....that is until I actually saw the first episode.<br /><br />You already know about the great performances, dark humor (Walt-the main character going from timid to fearless) and gritty scenes of drug dealing, but what really sold me on this show was it's honesty. Not just the characters but of how their situations play out and how everything they do effects the world around them.<br /><br />If I had one problem with the show, it's that it's first season is so short. But honestly I'd rather have seven outstanding episodes than a handful of filler between them.<br /><br />This DVD set also has some great commentaries and interviews. I'm very impressed with how much the actors and producers of the show believe in the project and want to see it succeed.<br /><br />I won't pretend that this series is everyone's cup of tea, but if you dig the first episode you'll be in for one of the wildest rides of your life.
B00005JPO1|1.0|Although I liked the previous indiana Jones movie this was clearly a was of time. It was simply best that they left it alone instead of adding another movie that is so bad.    The movie is really bad.    The best review I saw on this movie was done in an episode of South Park. Just see it and you will understand.
0823004325|5.0|That is what I am looking for recently. I am a clay modeller and also the first time to study this title. I think this is very helpful for my sculpting works. This book is well printed and easy to understand how the face change. This book is highly recommended!
B00011D1OA|5.0|A wonderful play that became a classic movie.  If you are an Audrey Fan like me you will be thrilled.  Her tranformation is amazing and the timeless story is lots of fun.  Enjoy!!!
B00006AVRK|5.0|What a great series. Both my husband and I really loved all the episodes. Very understated humor from Stephen Fry as Jeeves, the gentlemen's gentleman, and Hugh Laurie as a goofy (yes, goofy) English gentleman. Funny predicaments, mostly keeping Wooster from getting married or getting his friends out of trouble. The costumes, cars and scenery is great too.<br /><br />Admittedly some of the themes are similar.  And a few times the actors playing the secondary players changed which was slightly confusing. But overall excellent.<br /><br />This is especially great when you compare Hugh Laurie now, on House as the serious, cynical physician, with this happy-go-lucky, silly, always trying to be helpful young man. No wonder Brits are so surprised when they see House for the first time.
0061562408|5.0|Very interesting. never read a book from a dog's viewpoint before.  Makes you wonder just how much a dog really knows.
0312360266|5.0|I love the whole series. I was hooked after the first 50 pages of this, the first, book!
B00005JPY2|5.0|Sticks to the graphic novel religiously except the ending. The ending is better than in the novel. Simply magnificent!
0394800389|5.0|Every time I read this book to my young son I challenge myself to read it without getting tongue tied. Invariably I fail, what with all those tweedle beetles and pig bands.  This book is truly a joy to read.
0810970686|5.0|This new book in the series is a winner! It continues to make both young and old laugh out loud... A must if you are a fan of the series. Will there be a fourth? Hopefully... Two thumbs up.
B00164WXUY|5.0|THE BEE GEES (odessa)   finally released,and what a package it is,not much more you can say except for the fact that it even comes with red velvet box UH TRIPLE WOOOW  YOUR REVIEW MASTER <DANNY WAGNER>
B000YAA68W|5.0|My husband grew up in Iran in the same time period as the author and producer of this great film. While we watched the film he commented several times about how authentic and accurate the story was.    The story reflects a personal tale and speaks to the universal human experience of growing up.    Highly recommended!
0345404475|3.0|Not at all like the movie, a bit like a bag of chip; you feel a need to take some more.
0765356139|5.0|If you have already read the first book of the series, be prepared for much more action and slightly less intrigue... but each is supplied in a healthy amount.  Mistborn duels, the politics of war, and the continuing development of our main character dominate the book, yet all of this is dwarfed by the gradual uncovering of a secret thousands of years in the making.
B00006L9ZT|4.0|The task of performing The Niebelung's Ring in its entirety is probably the most difficult for any opera house. An enormous cast is required, over fifteen hours of music, very difficult passages in the orchestra... not to mention a conductor who knows the score front to back. On top of all that the stage and costumes need to be pristine.    There will never be a \\"perfect\\" production of The Ring. There will always be stars who the audience loves, there will always be those few performers who people won't like. There will always be someone who misses \\"that note\\" and there will always be someone in the orchestra who cracks. There will always be a time when the conductor goes too fast or too slow to someone's taste. These are all inevitable to any show, especially if there's over 15 hours of music involved, and also because as much as we praise and borderline worship these performers: this team is still built entirely of human beings like us; perfection is impossible, but being delighted is not.    The first thing most will notice is Otto Schenk's incredible detail in scenery. It is in my opinion the most accurate design to the story in every detail; even Wotan's costume includes raven feathers. The production itself was obviously not rushed - it seemed to me like there was plenty of rehearsal time; there are certain moments that simply cannot be looked at once and then moved on to the next bit.    Every detail to the score and set was heeded to. It is the best that this team could do. After all: that's all that anyone can do. I listened to this when I was very new to opera. Now after studying it for a few more years and nearing the completion of my undergraduate degree in music, looking at it again I'm still just as impressed and pleased. In these four massive operas we will never find perfection no matter how much we search, but we can find people who do their best. That is all the audience want really, and I would highly recommend this to anyone interested in seeingthe entire cycle.
B00008WT5J|3.0|After three albums that follow up the mega rock masterpiece Back In Black that pretty much recycled the same formula as the classic AC/DC sound from the 70's, only minus a lot of inspiration and memorable tracks (granted there were a few here and there), where could they possibly go from there? Lucky enough the band was asked by legend horror writer Stephen King to produce score music for his directorial debut Maximum Overdrive. While the movie was meant to be a serious horror film it ended up being a campy cheese classic of dumb porportions. However the major thing that worked the most was the music. MO is a cool movie if you like trash cinema but the somewhat compilation album Who Made Who would be the bands next logical step after creating music for it. The three new songs found here, the title cut, and two instrumentals D.T. and Chase The Ace vary. The title song went on to become a fan favorite, and rightfully so as it was the best song they had done since anything off Back In Black. The instrumentals were decent as well, however most of the \\"score\\" music that was found in the movie (Angus' riffs and cues) were totally missing. This stuff was cool and was really injected a dose of awesomeness into the movie that was obviously so misguided. The movie iteslf also has what appears to be remixed versions, same songs et all. However they sound slightly different and this is also movie only. These versions are pretty cool as well, them along with the score stuff has never been released, and this fan is patiently waiting for a special deluxe edition of Who Made Who. So is this album worth it? Well if it really was a true soundtrack yes, but it basically uses the songs found in the movie which are on other releases (You Shook Me, Hell's Bells, Foundations, Sink The Pink, Ride On (!), And For Those About To Rock). But it's  not. For the casual fan it's not recommended but if you really love AC/DC, don't go without it. One should also note this was produced by Vanda/Young (AC/DC's production team up until Highway To Hell)
B001PPGAIA|3.0|I (for the most part) enjoyed Australia, the acting was a bit over the top, and the plot meandered quite a bit, but was over-all pretty entertaining once it settled in.<br /><br />It is a bit long, and has three separate plot lines.<br />1: The Apartheid that was practiced by Australia.<br />2: A business crime plot<br />3: A romance.<br /><br />Each of which was pretty good individually but for me, they didn't quite mesh as well as they might.  For those interested in the Apartheid plot and the \\"Stolen Generation\\" You might enjoy the film [[ASIN:B00005JLD4 Rabbit-Proof Fence]]that documents this ugly period in Australia's history.<br /><br />So, here's the deal Australia is a pretty good movie, but would have been a better mini- series.
B0018AK9RA|2.0|I became a \\"Victim of Change\\" after reading the tremendously positive reviews and purchased this CD. Who is this band? It sounds a lot like Rob Halford on vocals!  That, unfortunately is where the resemblance ends. What kind of contractual obligation spawned this incredibly banal effort?  Hopefully I can pawn this CD off on another unsuspecting Priest fan.........sad but true!
B00005JKG7|4.0|This film is a spooky little gem, overlooked by many, with good performances and John Carpenter's 2nd best film score done by him. It concerns a seaside community built by a betrayal of the highest order. The town is about to celebrate its 100 year anniversary, when the fog rolls in filled with ghosts looking to exact revenge for that betrayal. I think it's the 2nd best ghost story ever, after \\"Poltergeist\\". It's loaded with really good special features, very well done. Original making-of featurette as well as a new one with interviews with director and stars(minus Jamie Lee Curtis), a good commentary track with director and producer, blooper reel, trailers, and t.v. spots and an easter egg. Although Amazon lists it as having DTS surround, it indeed does not, just Dolby Digital 5.1, but sounds great. It's the same exact dvd as the blue, later released version, only this one has the full screen version(which the film was shot in 2:35 anamorphic widescreen and should really only be viewed in that format to see the whole picture and fully enjoy the film) and this one doesn't have the trailer for the remake(which sucked big time and only made this one seem better). This, along with \\"Halloween\\" and \\"Someone's Watching Me\\" are John Carpenter's best films of his career for the actual suspense and creepiness they provide, without gore galore, like \\"The Thing\\", which I thought was good as well and comes in 4th place, but is at times just plain disgusting. If your a fan of suspense or John Carpenter this is a worthy addition to your collection. It is somewhat slow-moving as it builds its suspense, so if you have a short attention span, don't like old movies, or are under 30, you probably won't like it.
B001KL3GY0|5.0|Franz Ferdinand's third album is totally different from their previous two works, but  it's still a great collection of songs, now with a touch of electronic music. As a great fan of the band ever since their beginning, I can only say that they've kept up the good work. Congratulations!
B000U0F7RG|5.0|I loved the series...and I loved this collection! The artwork inside was beautiful, along with the box and all the discs. I would definitely recommend it to anyone and everyone.
0195170776|3.0|American users should be alerted to the fact that the \\"New Oxford American Dictionary\\" is founded on the \\"New Oxford Dictionary of English,\\" which has been retitled the \\"Oxford Dictionary of English.\\" The NODE and the ODE, when considered on their own, are excellent--especially when one realizes that they place contemporary English usage in a global context, which is helpful for both ESL students and US citizens who may be unaware that international nuances exist. So, the chief problem with the NOAD is that it presents itself as being American but cannot escape from being essentially British in outlook. As a result, many strange definitions and usage examples are to be found when considered from an American perspective. For those who wish to use a one-volume dictionary that more adequately represents American English as it is spoken and used in the United States, the Random House Webster's College Dictionary or the Webster's New World College Dictionary would seem to be preferable to the NOAD, with the ODE or the Shorter Oxford English Dictionary being consulted for more obscure words and definitions, or for obtaining a better idea of how English is used internationally.
B001LRJH0U|2.0|OH MY DEAREST ED!!!  I luv ya BUT.... pahleeze stick to ur day job sweets...this film was paced with such formidable sinkholes in addition to plot disconnects and Viggo, aka Doc Holiday LOL, and Renee who just wants all those gorgeous men, YIKEs, at least seduce the stable lad...I trailblazed a path by actually watching this entire film with highest hopes in mind...sigh....how the West was won me wonders....wish I could have earned a eagle scout badge or sumpin...yowza
1401219268|5.0|don't know what to really say about this book but just don't think about it buy it now don't wait there is no thinking involved you will not be sorry it really is a must read book for anyone best story in my opinion just everything about it is so good and all.the fact that the guys in it are just regular people makes its just even better they all have there flaws as human's well all off them but one so as i stated above buy it your money will be going to something good and if you think just cause you seen they movie you don't think you need to read this then sir/mam you are dumb this book is way better in every aspect to the movie not saying the movie is bad but as they say the book will always be better then the movie and that go's for every movie that came from a book/comic/graphic novel and everyone knows this to be true
B000FC1K66|5.0|There were many levels of insight that were striking and new for me, but it was also just a great read.  I couldn't put it down.  I kept thinking back on conversations I had had at different times in Germany, some late at night after glasses of wine, but one with an aloof airport official in the glaring light of day.  We talked around this national consciousness of a crime that was somehow everyone's.  And yet how long should or would the people carry this dark millstone?  This book illucidated all the backs and forths of that shared sense of darkness, and why lots of German citizens would rather do anything but dwell in those memories.    But I don't do it justice by giving the impression that it was only about war crimes.  It was a fascinating, sometimes sad and thoroughly beautiful story from beginning to end.  A very good book, and highly recommended.
B00005N6KG|4.0|I bought these for skating.  All other earbuds pop out of my ears, but these stay on my head pretty well.    Great price, I bought two pairs.    Sound is pretty good too.
1591396190|5.0|I enjoy reading books written in the author's native language; getting a book from the States to the middle of the world (Ecuador) is more than easy through Amazon.com
B00127RAJY|5.0|This video is tough! But you do get results and you start feeling better. I recomend doing it everyday, just like Jillian does. I have been doing it for three weeks now and i can feel my sides sliming down and my arms are very strong. Warning ya though, make sure you drink water before you start the workout and don't stop unless you have to. It's only 20 mins. if I can do this, anyone can.
1582701709|5.0|The book came on time and in good shape.  I read it over and over. After reading the whole book, I just pick a part everyday.  It might be a paragraph if I'm in a rush or more if I have time.  I also love your web site, your gifts and your daily text inspiration.    Many Thanks!
B00009QG68|4.0|Nice DVD to watch, but nothing special. This is just replacing an old VHS but the DVD is much better quality.
0763634417|5.0|Both of my sons loved this book from the time they were 18 months until they were 3 years old.  They memorized all of the words since they were so engaged and it brought hours of joy.  My 20 month old is perpetually running around going \\"fishies peas, fishies peas\\" and growling with giggles \\"gripy fish\\".
0440237688|5.0|[[ASIN:0440237688 The Giver]] This is an amazing book. I first read it in high school as part of an AP English course, oddly enough, but when I became a teacher myself, I used it every year with my students.  Kids really empathize with the main character and the message is ever so important.  It's a quick read.
B000002MP2|4.0|My daughter likes this Green Day cd. I don't listen to it, I am not into them. I like about 2 of their songs, I think they sound like kangaroos are kicking them in their stomachs as they sing. But to each his own.
B0013FSL3E|1.0|it's kind of a brain-dead movie for adults... there's no dialogue.<br /><br />There are way better kid movies.  It's 2 hours of my life that I lost.
B0002OERI0|3.0|I can't understand them. My daughter likes them, I don't care for them.  I personally think they are a bunch of \\"wanna bees\\" who sound like a swarm of bees. But my kid likes them, thank god for head phones.
1591841666|4.0|The Dip was given to me as a present from a coworker and I found it to be a quick and easy read that gives one an interesting perspective on how to focus your energies in to maximize quality of life.     -Adam  https://sites.google.com/site/adamhelsinger
B0018RWMNM|4.0|I bought my 1st copy of this DVD when it first came out and my copy always had a bad sector at the beginning of the 2nd part.  Since then I've gotten a 42\\" plasma screen and just recently a Blu-ray player.  When I played my Standard Format discs I noticed that the picture quality wasn't great even with the automatic upscaling to 1080i and the 2nd part still had that bad sector.  So, I bought a Blu-ray copy to replace my old Standard Format discs.    The picture quality is better on this Blu-ray than it was on my Standard Format.  But it is not as good as the other Blu-ray discs I've purchased that where made in HD.  So, if you're buying this Blu-ray for a crystal clear picture, you might be disappointed.  But, I am pleased with the purchase just for having a better copy of one of my favorite movies.    I've now purchased a few old favorites and found that with the upscaling feature, I don't really need a Blu-ray copy as it doesn't make the source material any better.  So I now look more closely to see if it was made in HD or just copied from the original source.  But, this purchase was worth it to me.
B00150GHGA|5.0|I found this book to be very informative in regards to the nature of investing in the market. It gave me a good macro level explanation of stocks. I am much more familiar with the industry of marketing rather than finance, but I found it to be an interesting read.    -  Adam  https://sites.google.com/site/adamhelsinger
B00009ZYC1|5.0|It was in the really good shape and I received it in a timely manner. I would use this seller again. I was real pleased with the service.
B0019FOC5E|5.0|Yes, I know they change the words in this version of ABBA's hits, but my 5 yo DD loved the movie so much that I had to get the music for it.  Now we dance to the music almost every day!
B0002IQMKM|4.0|Most best of albums suffer from lousey mixes.  The tracks on this one sound like the ones on the original albums.
B001NFNFIK|4.0|I too am a huge James Lee Burke fan.  I have read most if not all of Burke's Dave Robicheaux novels.  In the Electric Mist with Confederate Dead is my favorite of the series.  I liked this movie much more then the movie adaptation of Heaven's Prisoners.  I think Tommy Lee Jones makes a great Dave Robicheaux much more so then does Alec Baldwin.  Jones lacks the dark hair and the touch of gray, so it is harder to call him by Dave's other nick name  \\"Streak\\" that may be more of a problem with some of the other books with \\"Cletus\\".   I thought Goodman makes a great villain (Baby Feet) as well.   Overall the casting in this movie is outstanding!      As usual the movie left out a few scenes from the book.  I was wondering how they would show Baby Feet hitting Dave with a line drive with a baseball.   I suspect the scene was shot, but all cut from the movie except at the end when you see Baby Feet hitting a ball with a bat while Dave describes his fate, but that is all you see.      I believe the book had more conversations between Dave and the \\"General\\".  Levon Helm made a good General Hood but I wish they used more of the books dialog.  I knew how the book was going to end and was looking forward to it, but thought the director did not quite pull it off like Burke does in the book.    I'm not sure I liked seeing the scenes of post Katrina New Orleans as the book is + 15 years old, long before Katrina but the scenes were interesting.           I agree with the other reviewers that if you never have read a Burke book you might not like this movie.  Like most great books seldom does the movie live up to the book.  One of the things very difficult for moviemakers to do with Burke's books is bring out the poetic descriptive prose he uses.  His writing is \\"beautiful.  To really enjoy a Burke book read it first and then listen to it on audiotape!  You get a taste of this in the opening and closing of The Electric Mist.      I pray they make more Dave Robicheaux movies, but onewith Cletus.  Who would make a good Cletus?  I'm thinking Tom Sizemore or Randy Quaid.   Which novel would you pick?  I hope they bring back Tommy Lee Jones he is a GREAT Dave!
B001OERNSI|2.0|I won't touch on the actual book--ie its literary qualities--but instead want to state that this book was very poorly done for the Kindle.  I don't know who's responsible, the publisher, who provided the book for use, or amazon, who developed the format and probably the conversion software...Quotation marks were often half-done, so it seemed characters would start by making conversation and suddenly veer directly into narration.  The word \\"I\\" was often replaced by the letter \\"T\\". Frequently, words were br k e n apart and/or missing letters.  This technology has been available for two years now, so I should expect that the task of FORMATTING TEXT and CHECKING SPELLING would be under control by now.  I've downloaded free old books from gutenberg.org and manybooks.net that didn't have this problem, so to find it in a major publishing house is rather irritating.  The same problems recur in the other Waugh book, The Sword of Honour Trilogy...though it hasn't occurred in Waugh's Complete Short Stories, though I've read quite a few of them.
B0014I4KIK|4.0|Duffy has a very unique and amazing voice. She sounds like she has been imported from the 60's/70's era. You'll love this cd!! If you get a chance, check out her videos online, too!!
B001BNFR6W|5.0|This is possibly the best thing ever to happen in the history of DVD. I've been recording this show on my DVR for quite some time now. I was waiting to buy the DVD until they had a complete box set. When I found out that they did, the first thing I did was order it.    When I got it, I was overjoyed with how good it looked. It is in a festive cube, the discs housed in little \\"books\\", two seasons to a book. There is also an episode guide and a bonus disc.    I have to admit, the bonus disc isn't really all I'd hopped for. It's basically a few episodes with commentary and a re-hashing of the Themed Featurettes from season 8.    All in all, I've very happy with this box set. It's certainly a must have for W&G fans! Yeah, I'm upset about the edited content of the series but, I can't see them re-releasing this set any time soon and there is no 'complete' set in any other country (as some of the other reviews here would suggest).
B000VLE3IS|5.0|If you love Led Zeppelin, you'll love having all their songs, plus a video to watch them in concert. My 9-year-old daughter bought this for me for Christmas and it was the coolest gift ever !!!!
1597771651|4.0|This is not an exciting book.  It's not a complex story.  And it certainly isn't subtle.  The philosophy and message are clear, and are not open to multiple interpretation.    That said, Coelho engages the reader once again with his wonderfully lyrical style of writing to deliver a story of love that is simple in its humanity.  We feel the every-pain of Pilar that most of us experience, wanting love but being so afraid of getting hurt.  We are familiar with her internal struggle that is without drama but with dramatic consequences.  It's about choices and consequences, and the willingness to grow and become if we are truly wanting to experience love.  Sometimes we get a second chance to get what we want - but we have to decide if we want \\"it\\" or the \\"idea of it.\\"  And most of all, we have to be willing to change and be open to receiving it.  That can be the hardest of all.    Excellent reading by Stephanie Zimbalist - a thoroughly enjoyable listen to one of my favourite authors, and one I've enjoyed several times, now.
1400064287|5.0|If you don't already own Made to Stick, you should definitely buy the \\"extra sticky\\" new edition. Why? Because \\"sticky\\" messages about what needs to be done and why are central to a leader's ability to engage the greatness in others and align them to key organiztional outcomes.<br /><br />Authors Dan and Chip Heath provide a simple formula for crafting sticky messages (or evaluating their stickiness) - to be SUCCESsfully sticky, messages need to be Simple, Unexpected, Concrete, Credible, Emotional and incorporate Stories.<br /><br />Whether you're rolling out a new strategy, making a pitch for a new product or service, soliciting philanthropic contributions, putting an important message to paper/email or preparing a speech, the stickier, the better. After reading the book I used their model to made substantive revisions to a presentation - making it much more powerful.<br />[...]
B000OCXMAE|2.0|I have one question for Linkin Park, did your ****s fall off or something? I mean, I like slow dinky piano numbers as much as the next guy/girl, but not from LP! I recommend you dust off Hybrid, Meteora, and even Reanimation and listen to Faint and both versions of With You. When I listen to those numbers, it feels like my head is ripped off, thrown around, and reattached feeling better than ever. I'm happy to pay the speeding tickets your music causes. This album, however, was hugely disappointing. I have to check the cover to make sure it isn't Duran Duran reborn or something. I give the album 2 stars because there are some brief glimpses of the old you. Please rediscover that magic. Otherwise, you'll just become another rock band. We don't need another Nickleback, as successful as they are. Bring back the old LP and you'll sell gazillions of albums. Don't try to be something you're not, lame, at least until now.
B001DJ69E8|5.0|Immediate Music was very kind to release some of their fine works to the public! They specialize in trailer music, which, I must admit, I've been growing quite addicted to.<br /><br />The only word to describe this music is: epic. With each track boasting an orchestra plus choir, it's hard not to listen to this music while creating fantastic action sequences in your mind.<br /><br />Personal favourite is Serenata Immortale - simply one of the most beautiful pieces ever. The original track is Serenata; this one differs only very slightly. There is slightly more percussion and a guitar riff is inserted near the end.<br /><br />If you love epic, inspiring music, this CD should be part of your collection!
B0007TKNII|1.0|To quote the Canadian comedy Red Green, 'The fact that they can't sing distracts people from the fact that they can't act.'    Except that was talking about Camelot, which is much more enjoyable.    The movie would have been far better if they found more enthusiastic and more skilled actors, like a bunch of fourth graders.    Its as if the directors went to the greatest lengths to make sure the characters were their woodenest, they were spectacularly unattractive, and that the scenes were not only undramatic, but that they consisted mostly of standing around, walking in circles, and screaming like drowning cats in heat.     The only thing mildly intriguing is the costumes, but if you bought any generic costume book about this story, you can get that.
B0007MWZEK|5.0|I bought this so that my 5yr. old son could learn to sweep and he loves it. It works great and is easy to empty. He knows how to plug the battery in and how to recharge it, so I'm very happy with my purchase.
B000PMGS8G|5.0|One of my all-time favorite movies.  If you love the movie, you should also buy the soundtrack.  The combo of the movie + Queen's music is wicked awesome.
B001LF4IA6|4.0|I have been a Springsteen fan for a good many years now. I know that at 59, he doesn't have many years left, and I am sure he knows that too. With the career that he has had, he doesn't really need to prove anything. I can understand some fans being uptight with this album... but this is The Boss having fun and doing what he loves without having to compromise to be popular. He is having a good time being creative and creating music in a \\"new\\" way. So relax, all of you. I for one, did not like the album on first few listens but I can not stop playing it now, My wife is no Springsteen fan, but she loves this.
B000F7CMRM|1.0|Normally I wouldn't take the time to write a review, but I hated this film so much I had to. It's long, it's boring, and it's hard to follow. I kept watching thinking that the film would \\"pick up\\" at some point, but before I knew it, the credits were rolling. I disliked this movie so much that I threw it in the garbage as soon as I took it out of my DVD player. I wish I had the 128 minutes of my life back that I wasted watching this. Don't waste your time.
0751529818|5.0|Powerful. I cannot think of a better word to describe this book. I could not put it down. The life lessons will stay with me. I have come to love Morrie without ever meeting him.
B001C4CI8A|3.0|Following the previous 2008 entry (which was Don Cheadle's average at best thriller, \\"Traitor\\") into the ever-expanding sub-genre of movies focused either directly or indirectly upon the ongoing War on Terror is Ridley Scott's latest Russell Crowe collaboration, \\"Body of Lies\\". As so many of these types of films have proven over the last couple of years, audiences don't really want to pay to watch a fictionalized account of a conflict, or something related to it, that they can watch for free on their televisions. But, does \\"Body of Lies\\" manage to side-step this major obstacle that many of its predecessors have fallen prey to, making this one of the rare exceptions, such as \\"The Kingdom\\" that actually manages to entertain, rather than simply remind us all (unnecessarily, by the way) of what's going on over there?    \\"Body of Lies\\" is a widespread tale of political intrigue and espionage that follows CIA agent Roger Ferris (Leonardo DiCaprio), as he and his boss, Ed Hoffman (Russell Crowe), follow the trail of a deadly terrorist leader throughout the Middle East.     Written by screenwriter William Monahan (\\"The Departed\\"), the story for \\"Body of Lies\\" works very well during the first half of the film. Monahan keeps the plot moving along at a very comfortable pace that doesn't rush the story or allow it to become confusing. He gives the audience time to process the information being presented to them, for a moment, before moving on to the next piece of the puzzle (something that other films like this should maybe take note of.) When the story is focused on the espionage and politics of conducting the war from the perspective of those actually doing the legwork the film works extremely well, and is very entertaining; however, approximately halfway through the movie the story hits a massive snag that it never seems to fully recover from.    The snag is a romantic plot development that feels tacked on to appease the female members of the audience who may not be as intothe spy stuff that has dominated the majority of the film thus far. I'm not against there being any kind of romance in these films, but this one in particular felt unnecessary and frankly, hard to believe. I mean, Ferris (DiCaprio) is an undercover agent working essentially behind enemy lines, and yet he never really stops to think that perhaps starting a relationship while taking on such high risk assignments might be a bad idea? Give me a break. I will give William Monahan some credit though, because he did still manage to give me some surprises in the latter half of the movie, even though the story's focus and overall tone seemed to have shifted due to the romance. While the twists were somewhat surprising, the plot points leading up to them in the second hour were far too predictable, and at times frustrating when you stop to think that the first hour was very well crafted and top of the line by comparison. What I wish could be done is have William Monahan go back and re-write the last half of the script, completely removing the uninteresting romantic angle, and just focus on the tension-filled action and intrigue that comprised the far superior first half of the film. Had the film worked out that way, then it would have become the best of its sub-genre; instead of being just barely above average.    To director Ridley Scott's (\\"American Gangster\\") credit, even though the film's story stumbles along in the final half, he does manage to keep things interesting thanks in no small part to his fast-paced, kinetically charged style of directing. The use of the handheld camera was a smart choice, allowing the audience a sense that they are right in the middle of all the action; therefore keeping them interested and involved to an extent. It was a very wise move on the director's part, and one that most likely kept the movie from being completely derailed by a much weaker secondary storyline that become the primary near the end of the film.    Even when this film beganto stumble around, stars Leonardo DiCaprio (\\"The Departed\\") and Russell Crowe (\\"Gladiator\\") continued to lend their best efforts to keep the quality of the film elevated as much as possible. DiCaprio continues to impress me as an actor of great range, depth, and talent with his recent crop of dramatic work. Back when he first became a huge star thanks to the extremely overrated mega blockbuster \\"Titanic\\", I thought he was only alright, but not the kind of star that would really have any kind of staying power. However, after his remarkable performance in \\"The Aviator\\", followed by \\"The Departed\\", I am being forced to change my opinion regarding his talents. With Russell Crowe I didn't really know much of his work prior to the smash hit \\"Gladiator\\", but since then he has consistently remained one of the best actors of his generation, a testament which he has proven true time and again with many classic roles in films, such as: \\"Cinderella Man\\", \\"A Beautiful Mind\\", and \\"American Gangster\\".    DiCaprio's character of Roger Ferris is a man who is very complicated, and apparently extremely contradictory in his motivations and sense of duty. On one hand he appears unwavering, cold, and calculated towards his duty to protect his country and its interests, which at times calls for rather extreme measures to be taken; however, on the other hand, he conveys a sense of regret for some of his actions and questions whether he is doing the right thing. It is this duality that makes his character appear interesting and more human, yet also makes one wonder about how consistently he has been written. For example, there is an event that occurs in the film which was set in motion by Ferris, yet when completed and some repercussions are dealt, he quickly flounders on whether on not what he did was right and/or necessary (even though at the time he felt it was), and even attempts to pass the buck onto his boss. This type of floundering began to feel distracting, and coincidentally began occurring in the latter half of the film, when Monahan's screenplay was falling apart for other reasons.    As for Russell Crowe's performance as the conniving, opportunistic, and morally questionable Ed Hoffman, it is a very different kind of character than many of his more memorable ones from films past. Just as he had done for \\"The Insider\\" and \\"A Beautiful Mind\\", Crowe portrays a man noticeably older and grayer than he, and even appeared to add a few extra pounds to \\"fill out\\" the character. Even with Crowe's charismatic performance and dedication to the role, I just don't believe that this will be one of his most revered performances of his acclaimed career. In my opinion I believe Crowe's performance did partially suffer from the fact that most of his time onscreen was spent talking on the phone. While plenty of phone conversations have made for some truly exciting and scintillating moments in movie history, I don't believe a character should be on the phone almost the entire time, it just feels distant and impersonal to the audience.    What started out as a really solid espionage thriller set around the ongoing War on Terror, began to collapse onto itself when an unnecessary romantic plot development caused the film to stumble throughout the latter half of the story.    \\"Body of Lies\\" is rated R for violence and language.
1594201927|5.0|Nial Ferguson's \\"The Ascent of Money: A Financial History of the World\\" is easy and fun to read.  As advertised it is a somewhat selective and interesting Financial History of the World.  It provides a valuable background for our present economic crisis, but not quite as good, in this effort, as Paul Krugman's February 2009 book: The Return of Depression Economics and the Crisis of 2008.
B001BNFR6W|5.0|This may actually be the last of the great Sitcoms . In the tradition of Cheers, Frasier, Friends, Seinfeld and the like - no one in Network is investing this much time, talent & money in quality entertainment anymore . I now own all eight seasons of this hilarious gathering of comedic virtue on 33 discs, I truly relish being able to watch Will & Grace anytime I choose and always knowing I have the perfect alternative to watching the desolate wasteland of shows now being offered . Did I mention the Outtakes and themed featurettes ? Plenty of quality entertainment for any rainy night .
0670020745|5.0|Every health professional who comes in contact with a brain wounded person should read this book.
031606792X|5.0|This book is the best book in the series. Again full of romance and a ton of action. It has three books inside of it, so it is a great DEAL!
0307454894|3.0|I have read just the most helpful favorable and critical reviews.  There are just too many to read, 800+ at this time.    I got furious with this book.  I am Jewish, I am surely not a holocaust denier, but the narrator Michael Berg bent me out of shape with HIS guilt.  Of course Hanna bore real guilt, but neither of these two reviewers suggested that Berg/Hamlet is as guilty of a capital crime as she is.  He thinks about talking but ends up doing nothing, costing Hanna years in prison and perhaps her life.  I am not sympathetic toward Hanna, I just would have liked to see some condemnation of the narrator.    Who is The Reader?  It is not Hanna, it is Michael; and it is me and you and how we react to the book's reader's crime of silence.
B000EHSVS2|5.0|I lived through this period . It is as close to the  reality of the  history as possible.I show the movie to my Grandchildren and explain it only lacks the brutality of real war.The horror of combat cannot be explained.
B0006B2A42|5.0|Join the avant-garde composers, Soviet politburo members, and eccentric millionaires who compulsively watch this movie over and over again because it is the single best movie ever made.  It has the perfect formula:  Submarines + Ice + Rockets + Patrick McGoohan + More Spies + Stunning Landscapes + Ernest Borgnine.  Plus a moral too!  And the most beautiful photography in any spy movie.<br /><br />McGoohan is fantastic -- playing his standard type of character, but smoother than the original Danger Man, and not as paranoia-inducing as The Prisoner.  And I'll tell you, I had to stop watching the Prisoner, not because I got too paranoid, but because I should have been more paranoid about the REAL dangers around me, and not puzzling over cute philosophical problems of identity.<br /><br />One recent review here calls it a \\"guy movie.\\"  Now I'm not sure if that's true, but in my experience I HAVE found women not to appreciate it as much as men.  Yet it isn't crass or trivial like other great guy movies.  It might be -- and I'm sure this isn't \\"politically correct\\" -- that women don't see as stark a divide between being the good guy and being the bad guy, between honesty and treachery.  Maybe for good reason!  Maybe being put in a bind all the time means you need to be a bit more flexible.<br /><br />But the key spy-hunt aspect left all my women-friends that I watched it with cold.  This is even true for the last one who -- honest to goodness -- basically was a spy.  How could a woman who was \\"dating\\" me as part of her private investigation business (or partnership, she worked with three others) as a way to get (successfully) incriminating evidence -- how could she fail to get worked up as the noose closes on the TRUE Russian spy?  She fell asleep on the couch.  Whereas even though I've  watched it at least 50 times, my heart pounds anew in the same places.  It's that good a movie.  And with Patrick McGoohan now passed on, it is unlikely that there will ever be a spy movie this good. [59]
B000002KKX|5.0|If  they  could  give  a  PHD  in  music  to  any  musician.  They  should  give  one  to  Christopher  Cross  and  any  of  the  other  musician  like  Jackson  Brown, Jame  Taylor, Air  Supply  and  Kenny  Loggin. Because  back  then  in  the  early  1980s  they  wrote  music  for  people  to  relax  to, and  their  music  was  like  medican  for  the  mind. As  a  music  lover, Christopher  Cross  happends  to  be  one  of  my  all  time  faviort  singers  and  his  album  Christopher  Cross  is  one  of  my  faviorts  too. Its  fresh  every  year,  and  was  like  this  album  was  made  yesterday  insted  of  when  it  was  made  in  1979.  I  even  listen  to  this  album  when ever  I  need  the  time  to  relax  and  get  my  mind  off  work. 14  years  ago  I  bought  this  album  on  vynel  at  my  local  Goodwill  store  for  a  dollar,  today  all  the  goodwill  stores  and  all  the  use  record  shops  would  sell  this  album  for  25 cents. Now  I  own  this  album  on  CD  and  I  have  it on  my  Ipod. I  even  listen  to  it  on  my  ipod  when  I'am  working  out  at  the  rec  center,  even  on  the  tredmill. Feel  great  every  time. My  family  own   a  lake  house  in  Indian  Ohio  which  is  between  Columbus  and  Dayton.  The  house  is  on  Lake  front  property. I  guess  the  pink  flamingo  on  the  album  cover said  it  all. So  here  what  I  do  when ever  I'am  down  at  my  lake  house  and  you  should  try  it  too  if  you  own  a  lake  house  with   lake  front  property. When ever it  summer  time  and  its  7:30  pm  and  the  sun  is  about  to  go  down  and  its  nice  out  and  breezy.  I  take  my  boom  box  outside  with  me,  put  it  next  to  the  lawn  chair, pop  in  the  cd, pour  myself  a  ice  cold  glass  of  wine  cooler, Sit  back  and  relax  and  let  my  mind  float. Now  is  that  a  great  combanation  or  what. I  even  listen  to  track  8  Sailing  every  time  the  sailboats  go  by  on  thelake, Hee  Hee  he.  So  buy  this  album  and  tell  me  if  this  the  greatest  album  ever.  Now  if  we  can  get  the  parents  to  get  their  teenage  kids  to  listen  to  this  album  insted  of  that  violent  ganster  rap  music. Everything  will  be  piecefull
B00005JPY2|2.0|...read it.    It just wasn't good, but how could it be? Time magazine listed the graphic novel as one of the 100 best novels of the last century and I agree. But Alan Moore (a compelling cat, allegedly worships Glycon, a Roman snake deity, practices magic, worth looking him up) stated he wanted to utilize the potential comics have over other mediums, that Watchmen was \\"unfilmable.\\" He was right.    I almost walked out of the movie when Jimmie Hendrix started playing on Mars. Lame. The whole soundtrack was an abomination (Simon and Garfunkel? Leonard Cohen's Hallelujah during a love scene?). Epic failure.     But the worst part is the film lacks subtlety. Snyder, who filmed a virtual shot-by-shot remake of 300, does the much of the same here. But it doesn't work. He takes little risks (the \\"changed ending\\" isn't that much of a departure and cheapens the message).    You're going to watch it anyway, but I strongly suggest lowering your expectations. Alan Moore was right, and Hollywood is still a compromising courtesan.
0802130208|3.0|What a weird and silly book.  The writing is flawless, the characters vivid but not necessarily appealing, particularly the manic and obnoxious protagonist, Ignatius J. Reilly.  I wonder if Mr. Toole personally knew his way around mania as Mr. Reilly's flights of fancy, while bizarre, ring true.<br /><br />I wish I could remember who recommended this book; I would like to ask her why.  I finished it, and I'm not sure why.
B000LC4TJ0|5.0|Sometimes before writing a review, I take a few moments to read the criticism of others. By doing this I can often gain some insight into the greater perspective, whether the thoughts and ideas of other reviewers are objective or subjective I can in some way further understand the impact a particular work of art has had on others.<br /><br />For me, I was immersed in this production of Figaro. But I understood why. If Ingmar Bergman had attempted to direct 'Figaro' late in his life, this is the opera I would have envisioned. Also, I am fairly new to opera and thus, so far, a novice in terms of appreciating the nuances which others more critically aware can pick up on. From my newbie eyes and ears, I enjoyed everything and I was entranced by the music, the story and the layering of moral questions which occur in this piece.<br /><br />Forewarned is forearmed and I'm sure I would have seen this production despite the reviews. There is an element of 'dramedy' to this interpretation. I found the clothing to be particularly Franco-Fascist in design - Seville of the 1930's. And the director's take on relationships is equally dark (not to mention 'stark') but not without its depth and humanity. Infidelity is an eternal aspects of the human condition. The pursuit of sex outside marriage and relationships is a common theme in literature and I think to take this work as both an examination of these ideas with Mozart's music is not outlandish.<br /><br />There is a tender sadness to this piece. The stage had a bourgeois-austerity to it, emphasizing the entrapment of these characters. The ending proved both thrilling and solemn, the lighting suggesting these characters are lost within themselves, not to mention their desires which further their weakness. Being a reader of Schopenhauer, I can appreciate these subtle touches. In the philosopher's take on life, human beings are essentially self-concerned by their will, totally immersed in pleasing themselves. In this 'Figaro' everyone is out for themselves and any form of kindness shown by these characters is tinged with self-gratification (as we witness in the scene with Cherubino being 'assisted' by Susanna).<br /><br />If this all appeals to you, I highly recommend this production. It is perhaps the Pessimist-thinking man's take on Mozart.elves and any form of kindness shown by these characters is tinged with self-gratification (as we witness in the scene with Cherubino being 'assisted' by Susanna).     If this all appeals to you, I highly recommend this production. It is perhaps the Pessimist-thinking man's take on Mozart.
1401902197|3.0|I am a big fan of Louise Hay and I like her affirmations.  I bought this book/cd mostly for the cd.  Louise Hay's affirmations are very uplifting and considering what is going on these days, we can use all the help we can get.  I like the cd more than the book.  The book text and pages are a light color, which is very difficult to read.
B00005JN8Z|5.0|I first saw Quo Vadis when it came out in the early 1950s.  It was a sensation then and continues to be so today.  The cast are all excellent, and Peter Ustinov as Nero is the best ever actor to play the part.  Although the film was made before wide screen, cinemascope, or any of the newer techniques, it is the story that is so well developed that pleases.  Apart from the history, the film has a strong cast, director, photographer, set designer, and costumer all of whom contribute to a first class movie experience.  In other words, \\"They just don't make them like this anymore\\".  It should be included in any serious movie buff's collection.
B000002JKA|5.0|If you like progressive rock, if you like heavy metal, just buy this record. It speaks for itself. I do recommend the purchase of Images and Words first, just so you can survey the transition and evolution of this remarkable band.    I'd be remiss, however, not to give the album's single hiccup a mention, namely, The Mirror. For me, if lyrics are atrocious enough, they can break a song completely. \\"Temptation, why don't you leave me alone?\\"??? Sorry-- Not feeling it. No disrespect intended. Dream Theater IS one of the greatest bands of all time.
B001PPGAIA|5.0|If you like romantic, action, adventure, movies, then this one is for you! I love Hugh Jackman as a cowboy(dover), all I can say is , he is one beautiful, good looking man, Wow! Nicole Kidman, and Hugh did a wonderful job, and I loved the romance between them!<br /><br />  This is a story about a british woman, who goes to Australia, to try to get her husband to sell all his lands, and holdings in Australia! But before she arrives, her husband is killed, and she is now a widow, with a big cattle ranch, that needs alot of money, and then she finds out that there are powerful men after her land, and some are willing to kill for it.<br />  She meets the dover,(Hugh Jackman), and he and her husbands accountant, and some of the aboriginal people end up helping her save the ranch by going on a big cattle drive with her, and then everyone's life starts to change completely! In this movie  you get a glimpse of how hard it was for the aboriginal people, and how very special and wonderful they are, and you see how cruel and greedy, and selfish, a evil man can be! When World War II starts, everyone's life is turned upside down, and despair, and danger, and death is closer than ever before!<br /><br />  One of my favorite scenes in the movie, is where the dover gets the bartender, to give his aboriginal kinsmen a drink! I just loved this movie, I enjoyed it very much!
0515142247|5.0|I love all Lee Child's Jack reacher books that I have read so far and look forward to reading any that I haven't read yet. Very \\"I can't put it down til I finish\\" type of books. I mean that literaly, when I start one I only stop to eat or potty breaks til I finish, even if it's the middle of the night or even all night.
B000024E9H|4.0|For those of us who were so appalled at the execrable job done on the initial CD release of this landmark 1971 album, the time has come to rejoice. This is truly a masterful remaster, with loving attention given to the sounds of the individual instruments, an awesome dynamic that makes the album sound like it was just recently recorded rather than just run through an industrial meat grinder like the last effort. The screaming guitar intro in \\"The Musical Box\\" is restored (rather than muffled under everything), brightness and overall clarity has enhanced and improved problems in the original mix (in which overmodulation had kind of mushed things together, particularly in \\"Giant Hogweed\\" and \\"Fountain of Salmacis\\"), and overall the tracks are finally afforded the respect they deserve. In places it almost sounds like new instrumentals and vocals were inserted; during the descending \\"aahhhs\\" in \\"Fountain\\" I'm hearing someone singing or playing an octave higher, absent or obscured in the original release. It's that clear. One problem, if any, with cleaning up a master recording so much is it gives the illusion of having a bit less energy since the distortion is gone. That can be solved of course by turning it up much louder.<br /><br />This was the first Genesis album to feature the lineup of Peter Gabriel, Phil Collins (in his debut), Steve Hackett (also in debut), Michael Rutherford and Tony Banks. They were just bouncing back from losing 2 key members, and were apprehensive; they needn't have been. Genesis at the beginning of the 70s truly lived up to their name as the beginning of a chapter in rock, with material that was at once symphonic, dynamic and full of whimsical fantasy courtesy of the visionary Mr. Gabriel and the creative contributions of accomplished musicians. Not bad for a band that started out as guys writing songs for OTHER artists to play. This collection and its follow up, the conceptual Foxtrot (also sporting an outstanding 2008 remaster), are among the most vital additions to any serious collection of vintage progressive rock. It is so gratifying to finally hear it produced with a quality that matches the level of the music itself.t vital additions to any serious collection of vintage progressive rock. It is so gratifying to finally hear it produced with a quality that matches the level of the music itself.
B00003CX8Y|1.0|Out the money, empty-handed, and still waiting for the delivery of this item.  Seller still assuring us that it should have arrived over a week ago.  Not thrilled with the outcome as of yet.  Ratings of less than one star seem to not be an option.  Maybe they should be?
6305841861|5.0|This is a very entertaining zombie movie. Horror,scares that are blended with great funny moments make for one great movies. Bruce Campbell stars as Ash - his status become legendary after this, now he is a major horror icon and always gets roles in TV shows, and appears in Spiderman movies since his buddy Sam Raimi is the director. Sort of a remake of the first Evil Dead...the dead come to life after reading passages to the Necronomicon. The effects,action,horror and suspense are just all stupendous and the gore was really aplenty in this movie. You will laugh, scream & just have a great time watching this.A good scene to watch for is Ash (Campbell) fighting his own hand and watch out for flying eyeball (GULP)<br />I know there have been plenty of releases on DVD of it as usual with Anchor Bay milking it for all its worth. I have the tin of it and I am keeping it - no matter how many re-releases. I like the tin and I am happy with all the bonus features included (commentaries,etc). In most cases all the re-releases have the same features anyway.<br />Great film and worth owning no matter what release you choose.
B001FBIPF0|5.0|Ok, I'm not sure if anyone who has bought will buy or is thinking about buying this album knows that the first track isn't actually \\"disloyal order of water buffaloes\\" it's actually a track called lullabye which I discovered while playing the cd on my cd player. It doesn't show up as an actual track but can be found by rewinding the first track. I found this to be a really nicce touch to the album, to discover something I didn't even knew that was there. I love the album already but this made me apreciate it even more.
B001TOD92C|5.0|me and my friend went to see this in the movies. the movie was suppose to start at 230 pm it didn't start till 300 because the guy fell asleep up in the booth. they had to wake him up. but anyway they started the film and what a awesome movie. im so glad they are releasing it on dvd. i already put my order in. great film. marisa tomei is hot.
B001GKJ2E8|4.0|This was a good movie, not the best I ever seen but worth watching atleast one time..
B001DWG3K0|5.0|This is an excellent book, though it's hard work to read, despite its brevity.  Shoemaker has been a star in metaphysics for 40 year.  He has lost nothing.
0446401307|3.0|Adjectives that come to mind:  bland, harmless, shallow, forgettable.  The plot is predictable, simple and fast-paced without much depth to it.  So are the characters.  The author seems to assume that his audience will have read other Harry Bosch novels already, but this is my first and perhaps only one.  The characters have no depth, and aside from their names there doesn't seem to be a lot of difference between any of them.  Other reviewers have mentioned that this book feels like a synopsis of a TV crime-show episode, and they are right.  I guessed the \\"surprising\\" twist ending halfway through.  Like a TV show, this novel is ephemeral entertainment designed to do nothing more than distract you for a brief time, and not burden you down with any thoughts or feelings or anything deep to ponder when it's over.  It's a fine book to pick up at the airport newsstand and read while waiting for your connecting flight.  It's short, it'll help pass the time, it requires no commitment on the part of the reader ... but it doesn't deliver a whole lot of satisfaction.    A very average read.  Neither good nor bad.  The best I can say is:  It isn't boring.
B0002S94OS|5.0|I have been a fan of Lamb Of God for just a little.over ten years. I bought As The Palaces Burn ( which I will have to buy again before I review it ). Anyway Ashes Of The Wake is phenominal. Now my opinion is probably a little biased because I love everything they have done as LoG. This is a great metal album by a great metal band. Laid to Rest, Omerta are some of.the cooler tracks. But no filler on this beast. If you have never listened to Lamb of God, this is a great place to start.
B0001IN07Q|5.0|One of my favorites. If this were a tape, it would be worn out by now. Excellent, smooth vocals. Michael does not disappoint.
B000R9RGF6|5.0|One of my favorite CDs of all time!  Every song is beautiful and I know that it will continue to inspire me for many years.
0060557818|5.0|Neil Gaiman is pretty much my favorite author, and this book is my favorite of his novels.  I saw the BBC miniseries, and it's nice, but I think the book is better.  NEVERWHERE has wonderful imagery and strong characterizations.  Richard is just an ordinary guy who is too nice to walk past someone who needs help, and as a result he gets caught up in a world he doesn't understand and never knew was there.  The aptly named Door returns his help as best she can.  But the best thing is Gaiman's London Below, a world in which things are never as normal they first seem, and they don't seem all that normal to begin with.<br /><br />This is very different from either AMERICAN GODS (which is darker) or STARDUST (which is lighter).  For me it was the Goldilocks fantasy-- just right!
B001LF4IA6|5.0|What else can a devoted Springsteen fan say but I love this new cd.  I find myself humming many of the tunes to myself - some kind of pop and catchy.  Great string arrangement on Outlaw Pete.  The Boss knows how to reach his audience and how to tell a story.  A musical poet.
020161622X|5.0|One of the classical software engineering books I never read until recently. Even though it was originally published in 1999,most of the content is still true today.  It explains most of the good design principles that are still true like DRY (Don't Repeat Yourself), decoupling, don't live with broken windows, Law of Demeter and many others. Also professional tips for your career if you truly want to be come a craftsman like learn at least one new language every year to get fresh ideas which I agree with.    It also comes with a small quick reference guide of good principles to keep handy without having to learn the book. I highly recommend the book for anyone that truly is interested in becoming better at his/her craft much like tips 1 in the quick reference: Care about your craft - why spend your life developing software unless you care about doing it well?
B00005JPY2|5.0|Absolutely incredible ! I was blown away from the very beginning ! One of the BEST movies I have ever seen ! this movie takes filmaking to the next level ! The Soundtrack was perfect ! Can't wait to own it ! Hope there's an Unrated version !!! Love it !!! SO VISUAL ! a DREAM COME TRUE !
0307386171|4.0|This is a short, simple story about a couple and their short-lived marriage. Florence Ponting wanted a husband, or rather, she wanted marriage, but she couldn't stand the sex that comes with it. So this simple narrative makes the reader ponder long and deep about what marriage and love are all about. The author hinted that it's about patience. Is it really? Do we understand what we say when we talk about love? And what is its connection with marriage? Can love be physical attraction; or a meeting of minds or the cohesion of values; or companionship? It may, perhaps, merely be an aspect of narcissism. We say we \\"love\\" someone when in fact we merely find that there are attributes about that other that pleases us. That's all there is to it. The more that person pleases us, the more we think we are in love with that person. Narcissism.
1439102813|2.0|This was an unfortunate book. The woman's slide into Alzheimer's was moving and terrifying. But the book was so poorly written I had a hard time feeling much beyond cheated. The prose was superficial, the dialog stilted, the characters limited in depth.  The story of Alzheimer's was portrayed well, but it was like reading a clinical treatise masked in a story. I wanted so much more.  For a great book that successfully gets into the mind of a person with a mental disorder (and his family), I would recommend The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night-Time by Mark Haddon.
B00008EY9G|5.0|Quick delivery.  Great quality.  Great movie.  Lots of twists and turns all the way to the end.  Love it.
B0000542D2|5.0|This is my favorite Beatles film.  They were so young and full of life.  The music is classic Beatles.
B00005JN2Z|4.0|If you are looking for action, Suspense and Tom Cruise as a bad guy! Than you have found the perfect 120 min movie to watch. While not as good As Heat, this smart action thriller presents a different kind of movie; one that actually feels a bit different. Michael Mann this time brings a unique camera work that mixes documentary style with digital...it's kind of hard to describe, but it works, it gives the film a sort of \\"independent\\" filmmaking look. Unfortunately Mann would use this exact same technique on \\"Miami Vice\\" in which it looks atrocious.<br /><br />Collateral begins with Max (Jaime Foxx) a Taxi Driver who is working on changing his usual routine and perhaps one day establishes his own \\"Limo\\" company. Max's daily routine changes when he picks up Vincent (Tom Cruise) a hit man that kidnaps Max. Vincent needs Max to drive him around, take him where his victims are. I will not spoil more, but I must say that this flick will leave you plugged until the last minute. The best scene is a shootout in a club; it's so amazingly well shot. Not to mention also the music that plays in the background, superb<br /><br />The only real reason I don't give this movie a \\"5\\" is because of the ending. The ending kind of kills it, and exaggerates Vincent's ability, making him look like a Terminator. I am not gona go into details as to what it is that makes it exaggerating, but you will see what I mean. Another thing I would like to add is Tom Cruise's acting; it is by far his best in any of his movies. I have seen almost all of Tom's movies and I have to mention that this is the first time he has played a villain, and very well I might add...he should have won or at least been nominated for an award. Anyway, this is a must have by all movie aficionados.<br /><br />MY PERSONAL RATING: 3  OUT OF 5
B00065MDRW|5.0|Reviwers here primarily are evaluating the musicianship and emotional mood that the music creates, which of course is penetrating and great.    The most important theme though I believe to be the lyrics.  Written by Peter Sinfield in 1969, it gives a fine sense of where the world is headed, the musical equivalent to George Orwell's 1984.    Substitue Rothschild for the Crimson King, and you have an allegorical   scenario similar to the Mozart's Magic Flute where freemasonry was exposed.   The fire witch was left standing in Dresden on Ash Wednesday during the firebombing of February 14, 1945 when several hundred thousand people perished.    With Epitaph the plot and mammon's destiny are unveiled, with the prayer of hope left hanging by a thin thread ... are we there today ?
B0000636NQ|5.0|Believe me, this was TYA recorded in top form live at the North London club, Klooks Kleek in 1968. I know many Americans believe that the performance at Woodstock was brilliant and Lee's best. But by that stage TYA had largely become 3 backing musicians massaging Alvin Lee's (by then) hugely inflated ego. His performance there was grossly overstated to the point of embarrassment, and alienated many of his Brit fans, myself included. But undeniably it did break TYA's career in the States if nothing else.<br /><br />Meanwhile just over a year earlier this album shows what Alvin Lee and the boys were really capable of. Here, TYA work as a serious jobbing band and not just there purely to showcase Alvin Lee's virtuosity on lead guitar, although naturally he's still the major focus. Then, Lee had a more modest stage personna, and allowed the other members to do more of their thing. Chick Churchill's fine playing on Hammond organ, and Leo Lyon's hard pumping bass result in a strongly jazz flavoured blues set. Both of these guys are given plenty of opportunity to solo, eg I May Be Wrong...and Woodchopper's Ball, two of the most jazz influenced numbers here. WB is a pure instrumental taken at breakneck speed, and Alvin Lee's playing is awesome the first few times you listen to it. Other highlights are, I can't Keep From Crying (not on the original album) and the controversial I'm Going Home. This is how it was normally played pre-Woodstock. Spider In My Web is a decent slow blues track, penned by Lee, whose limited vocal style is exposed here. But to be honest, Lee's vocals were never his strong point.<br /><br />There's no doubt that Alvin Lee was on fire that night, and sadly from '69 onwards, he never sounded as inspirational again. Those that accuse Lee of being a tasteless, clich&eacute;-ridden blues guitarist who could play fast had a point when I listen to his post '69 work. But Undead proves that before Alvin Lee got big-headed he was a guitarist to be reckoned with, and possibly more talented than most of his more famous white blues  guitar peers around at that time.....Recommended especially for blues guitar fans.<br /><br />Update: RIP Alvin Lee - passed away 6th March 2013possibly more talented than most of his more famous white blues  guitar peers around at that time.....Recommended especially for blues guitar fans.<br /><br />Update: RIP Alvin Lee - passed away 6th March 2013
B001P5HI4A|5.0|I've always enjoyed this movie, and I'm glad it's finally available on DVD.  The acting, music and plot all worked together beautifully.
B001KL3GWM|3.0|I am a big fan of Derek Trucks, he's a phenomenal guitar player. That being said this release is not anything to get excited about. Actually it is kind of worrisome. I hope Derek isn't ready to go down the Eric Clapton mainstream pop road. There are a few good songs here; in particular his cover of Bob Dylan's \\"Down In The Flood\\" and his catchy Clapton sounding \\"Sweet Inspiration\\". A few others are good but not anything special and a few are just too easy listening for Derek Trucks. Too bad 'cause this guy has talent galore and is capable of much better. For those who are wondering what to buy, I would suggest his \\"Out Of the Madness\\" CD and his \\"Songlines Live\\" DVD.
B00169XU8I|4.0|As a huge Madonna fan, I find a feeling of disappointment and at the same time, relaxation. The first time I listened to this album, was a nice walk on the beach. The R+B sounds and flavors mix well enough to make the album very steady. Though it does get slow at times, (Incredible, or Spanish Lesson in my opinion), it proves that Madonna isn't going anywhere. Besides it being relaxing, it seems Madonna takes on a new role or personality every album, and in Hard Candy, she's just herself, doing her own thing. Check out the song review below.    Candy Shop 3/5    Though this being one of my favorite songs on the album, I just felt like it could of had more to it. It's as if the song was incomplete on release. Though catchy and fun, her voice reminds me too much of her early days, very thin and squeaky. I think the producers could of added some effects to make the song more dynamic.    4 Minutes 4/5    The hit song, that's the talk of the town is indefinitely, a very danceable tune. I felt as if the chemistry was almost forced between Madonna and Justin Timberlake, and the vocals and pitch were too low for her to sing. I like the song, because of it's urban feel. I really think it's brave for Madonna to pull off something like this.    Give It 2 Me 5/5     In my opinion, this is a song that has to grow on you. I actually didn't like it at first, but as I played it to myself, or heard it on the radio, the beats, the flow, and just the whole lyrical style of the song started to flow with me. I think it's very well lyrically written if you pay attention to the lyrics.    Heartbeat 4/5    This is a great song overall, it's one of my favorites, but to break it down, it's very reminiscent of her former beats, and it's nice nostalgia for her older fans, if remembering her early recordings.    Miles Away 2/5    Though an international single (except in the U.S.), I really did not find it's beat and tempo appealing. I love ballads and slow types of songs, but for some reason this just put me to sleep. It's an alright song, but more of an album-filler than anything else.    She's Not Me 4/5    An excellent song, with a catchy tune, and single-able chorus. I love this track, because to me, it's Madonna confronting her past personalities, but also it confronts all the wannabe legends out there in the pop industry. This is just an in-your-face type of song that really can be a great encore in one of her concerts.    Incredible 3/5    Again, this is a song that you have to let it grow on you. At first, It wasn't really entertaining, until I kept listening to it. Honestly, it could of been better. It could of been an excellent song, but there's too much unnecessary effects. This song is less than memorable.    Beat Goes On (Featuring Kanye West) 1/5    The chorus is nothing close to catchy, and at one point, it almost gets annoying after a while. Honestly, the song goes on way too long than it should.    Dance 2night 5/5    This is one of my favorite songs out of the album. It's catchy, it's sweet, and it's plain fun. Though it has a rather slower tempo than the   rest of the album, it's pure fun. The only down side to this, is that Madonna's voice sounds quite shrill during the chorus. The lyrical arrangement is impeccable.    Spanish Lesson 1/5    This is another flop on her album. I think the song was inevitably unnecessary. The lyrics were just plain corny, and it really gave me a, \\"Is she going senile?\\" feeling.     Devil Wouldn't Recognize You 4/5    A great song, again, one of the best. I honestly think this is out of Madonna's genre, and it adds so much to the album. This is an unexpected move from Madge, and I love it!    Voices 5/5    To me, it is almost a sequel to Devil Wouldn't Recognize You. I found the two very similar. Again, this is also very dynamic. Though not that catchy, this is probably one of the only songs on this album that shows what she's made of vocally. A great end to the album.    Ring My Bell (Bonus Track) 5/5I wish this was on the album so badly. This could of made an awesome single. It's catchy, it's danceable, and it could of made a great single in the clubs.
B000063V8U|4.0|Season six was the last great season of Next Generation; seven was just too uneven and lackluster, as the writers moved onto Voyager and Generations.    Six resembles five in many ways; a number of classic episodes, plenty of good ones, and also a fair share of mediocrity.  \\"Change of Command\\" and \\"Tapestry\\" are absolutely brilliant and worthy of mention as among the best in TNG's run.  We also get \\"Frame of Mind\\", \\"The Chase\\", \\"Ship in a Bottle\\", \\"Starship Mine\\", \\"Face of the Enemy\\" and \\"Timescape\\".  On the minus side of the ledger, there are plenty of episodes like \\"The Quality of Life\\", \\"Realm of Fear\\", \\"Birthright\\", and \\"Aquiel\\" - all with the common denominator of boredom.    Worth it for most Trek fans.  All good things...
B00005JPY2|5.0|Watchmen has always been called the un-adaptable graphic novel. Luckily, Zack Snyder has proven this theory wrong, and with great success.<br /><br />As you can tell by my 5 star rating, I find Watchmen as a massive entertainment spectacle that shouldn't be missed. To fans of the graphic novel, such as myself, it's faithful more than enough while also giving you a separate experience from reading the novel. To those who barely know what Watchmen is, this will give you a breathtaking experience, a challenge to all you think about the superhero movie. If you thought The Dark Knight was this(which it greatly did), then prepare for Watchmen.<br /><br />The direction on this film is fantastic. After seeing 300, I thought it was an okay movie with not much depth to it at all, just good ol' fun blood and tarnage. I never thought of Zack Snyder as a visionary, but with Watchmen, I now see that he's up to something this time. I really can't imagine another director doing this film; there's never a false note in his direction(except perhaps a lengthy sex scene, which we'll discuss later). Unlike 300, alot of the violence is rapid fire, along with the slow motion stuff (which doesn't happen THAT often, much to my delight, as I thought that's all the violence would be). Sitting in the director's chair is someone who's a rabid fan of the novel and someone who can handle all of the goings on of directing a film of this calibur, and come out of it making the audience understand the depth of everything, that is, if they have a brain.<br /><br />This film isn't without its flaws. I was overall disappointed with Billy Crudup's performance as Dr. Manhattan. Dr. Manhattan was depressed in the novel, but he wasn't a wuss, which is the unfortunate vibe I got from him in this film. Malin Akermman's performance as the Silk Spectre II wasn't very good either, but that didn't mean as much to me as Dr. Manhattan (and, this might be too shallow, but she very much captured the look of the Silk Spectre). Speaking of which, there is a sex scene between her and the Nite Owl that goes a wee bit too far; some of it was very beautiful, but some of it felt too much like porn. And it didn't help that they used Leonard Cohen's version of Hallelujah; I'd prefer they've used Jeff Buckley's or perhaps that version from Shrek (I can't remember who did that).<br /><br />Flaws aside, this is a film that can't be missed. But keep in mind, it is NOT for younger people; there are some very brutal fight scenes, and the prison sequence is by far one of the most violent parts of the movie, let alone one of the most violent parts of a movie I recall in recent history. To put in simply, the film earns it's R rating, and then some. (but then again, if it were dumbed down to a PG-13, we'd have a much less powerful film)ich, there is a sex scene between her and the Nite Owl that goes a wee bit too far; some of it was very beautiful, but some of it felt too much like porn. And it didn't help that they used Leonard Cohen's version of Hallelujah; I'd prefer they've used Jeff Buckley's or perhaps that version from Shrek (I can't remember who did that).    Flaws aside, this is a film that can't be missed. But keep in mind, it is NOT for younger people; there are some very brutal fight scenes, and the prison sequence is by far one of the most violent parts of the movie, let alone one of the most violent parts of a movie I recall in recent history. To put in simply, the film earns it's R rating, and then some. (but then again, if it were dumbed down to a PG-13, we'd have a much less powerful film)
B00006BNDI|5.0|I don't agree with all of Varg's beliefs of his actions but I do agree with some of them and give him a pat on the back for telling it like it is whether the politically correct want to hear it or not. Even if you can't stand his anti multiculturalist pro white views I think his music stands for itself as a testament that he puts his heart into the music he creates. This heartfelt emotion comes out at you when you listen to this and is something that cannot be faked.       It's a short but dark and brooding record filled up with very basic black metals riffs and soundscapes that suck you into the dark and chilling world of a Norwegian forest in the heart of winter. It's desolate but beautiful at the same time. In my opinion Mayhem was a great band but Burzum really captures the essence of black metal and does it masterfully in this album. The only reason people tend to side with Mayhem is because they are afraid of being called a racist for saying they like Burzum's music which is really a lot better then Mayhem after one gives it a listen.     Varg, like Graveland's Rob Darken, is a true black metal warrior whose music deserves to be listened to because the emotion comes out in ways that cannot be faked by someone who writes it just for the money. This guy can create a dark masterpiece and I encourage anyone to to give it a listen and try to drop the narratives you may have about the man and simply focus on the music. How could anyone not like this?      The \\"Mozart\\" of black metal is Varg and Burzum and although it sounds outrageous to claim such a thing it isn't a stretch to believe it once you open your mind and listen to this.
B00005JLF5|3.0|As one would expect, season 1 of Deep Space Nine is the weakest of the show's run.  Many of the characteristics that would make the show so great - extensive character development, plot arcs, a large set of secondary characters, and rich inter-character relationships - are already here in embryonic forms.  That said, it's also pretty clear that the writers haven't figured out what the show is about, aside from \\"Star Fleet on a Space Station.\\"    That means that we get plenty of 2nd-tier (and a few 3rd-tier) filler episodes.  It's certainly better than TNG's first season, which at times was quite painful to watch.  (To be fair, DS9 had the benefit of experience.)  Per my reference to \\"Star Fleet on a Space Station\\", we get plenty of throwaway episodes that could have easily occurred aboard the Enterprise.  There's also a reflex toward special appearances by minor TNG characters, generally with mediocre results.    That said, a few episodes make this season worth watching - especially the last two, which are worthy of mention along highlights from season to come.  \\"Duet\\" is a classic, and \\"In the Words of the Prophets\\" is the kind of thoughtful, exciting arc episode that would eventually characterize the show.    A casual fan could probably skip at least half of the 20 episodes on this set, but make sure you watch the rest.
B00004TWZF|4.0|I saw this movie years ago and i just re-discovered it on netflix. I don't remember how the American version was, but don't bother, there is no need to see that version when you have such a beautiful version in the director's cut. The movie is long (almost three hours), but it's definitely worth it. The beautiful water sequences with the dolphins. Jean Reno is so funny as Endo and i just think Jean-Marc Barr is beautiful and so fascinating as Jacques. I am not a big Rosanna Arquette fan, but i definitely liked her in this movie. I loved Eric Serra's music, i think it just brought it all together. It's just a shame that there aren't enough people who really like this movie. And at the end, right before it fades to black. I think the dolphin is pulling Jacques back up to the surface. At least, that's what i hope, the movie made me cry, it was definitely better than i remembered.
B001BYBAQC|5.0|The Fleet Foxes' self-titled debut is one of the best albums I've heard all year. The Special Edition also has FF 1st album on 2nd disc. This one has lovely lyrics, beautiful harmonies and music for everyone's taste! I highly recommend FLEET FOXES.
0380820846|2.0|I Loved the first three novels of the Bridgerton series, but this way very disappointing! The romance was flat the coversation was not funny nor interesting between the characters and the story line at times was repetitive. The only good thing in this book was finding out who Lady Whisledown is. I hope that book five in the series is better!
B000T9OP7G|1.0|I acknowledge that S01 made me very interested, then S02 is missed so much, annoying with a Sarah Connor neurotic, and an inconsistency in the scenario (Sarah is able to run the shortly after an surgical operation!!!)The purchase of S01 is thus useless......
B001E95ZHY|4.0|\\"Dwight\\" from The Office fans should find enough Dwight in this film to satisfy. Those of you who can't stand \\"Dwight\\" well, you may not find The Rocker experience a great one. The story is amusing enough. Twenty years previously, Fish (Wilson) is the drummer for the band Vesuvius. Good news for the band, a big label wants to sign them. Bad news for Fish, the president of the label has a drummer nephew who will be the band drummer. Fish never gets over this slight. As the band Vesuvius grows in popularity, Fish grows in bitterness. After losing his job, girlfriend and apartment he moves into his sister's attic. His nephew has a garage band with a gig at the prom. They lose their drummer and, well, you can figure it out from here.    Surprisingly clean, there are no sex scenes, the language is tolerable and low-key. However, there is a scene with an angry mother who shares the fact that her son drew a male body part on a female teacher's face....which is a very funny scene, but contains the anatomically correct word several times. There is also a band manager who is very free with come-on's and has a sexually oriented potty mouth. A scene of Fish drumming naked becomes the YouTube hit -- The Naked Drummer -- and propels the band to popularity. Viewers are treated to a whole lot of naked man rear shots.    The humor level is moderate. Like I said, you probably need to be amused by Dwight to fully appreciate Fish's humor. He has a very unique delivery, sweet blended with doofusy sarcasm/nastiness. There are several amusing one-liners and situations that are laugh out loud including quite a bit of physical humor. Christina Applegate delivers some great sarcastic lines. The writing is good. The songs are easy to listen to and I really liked their sound. Solid friendship, do-the-right thing and forgiveness themes run through the film. Fish is a classic 80's rocker who likes the party scene, including the trashing of hotel rooms. The three younger band members are annoyed with his boorish behavior and that's a nice refreshing change from the usual teen movie.
031606792X|1.0|Others have already written reviews that express my thoughts on this book far more eloquently than I could hope to.  However, my reaction to this book was so strong and overwhelming that I nonetheless felt compelled to add my own comments.    Despite its flaws, I really enjoyed reading the first book in the Twilight series.  The writing may not have been polished and the plot slightly ill-paced, but these flaws were outweighed by the tender depiction of a first romance, replete with the angst, wonderment and intensity that accompanies teenage affections.      Having had such a strong positive reaction to the first book, I rushed out to buy the 3 sequels, desperate for another fix.  Much to my dismay, the more I read the more my initial positive reactions started to be eroded by new negative reactions.  With each successive book, the writing became sloppier and more rambling.  The characters started to become more one-dimensional, and to frequently act out of character.  The plots became less believable and less purposeful, with the story rambling in pointless circles.  Still, I persevered.    And then I started to read Breaking Dawn.     It has been a long time since a book filled me with such absolute revulsion as this one did.      The writing is horrible and makes you wonder whether S. Meyer's editor even bothered reading the book before sending it off to print.    The plot is simply ludicrous and left me reeling with disgust at the total lack of consistency with the previous books and the complete inappropriateness of some plot elements.  Vampires able to father half-human babies?  Demon spawn tearing their mothers open as they are birthed?  A 17 year old werewolf falling in love with a newborn baby?  (Has anyone tested the water supply near S. Meyer's house to check the levels of lead?)    Most heart-breaking of all, though, was the way S. Meyer absolutely decimated her characters in this final chronicle.  Bella was slightly irritating in Twilight and became more aggravating in New Moon and Eclipse, but by Breaking Dawn she had become unforgivingly shallow and stupid.  Even peripheral characters have started acting oddly, such as Charlie who suddenly accepts the fact that something isn't normal about his daughter(including the fact that in the space of 3 months she has acquired her own daughter) but is happy just to hang around without asking questions.    Most unforgiveable and disturbing was Edward's treatment.  In Twilight, Edward was brooding, intense and alluring but still soft and caring.  By Breaking Dawn, he has become nothing more than a cardboard character who can do nothing much other than sit by his wife's side giving in to her every demand (possibly having been numbed by spending so much time with such a shallow creature).      I never made it to the end of this book.  I lasted until a few pages after Bella had become a vampire, and then simply couldn't read any further, such was my total disgust.    The upshot?  Read the first book in the series, Twilight, and enjoy it for what it is - a simple, unpolished, but warm story of teenage romance.  But stop there and save yourself the angst and pain of reading the 3 sequels.
B00127RAJY|5.0|I would classify myself as an intermediate level exerciser and own several DVD workouts. I was very surprised after doing 2 weeks of my past favorite workout series of the FIRM, which are intense and almost hour long, that Jullian Michaels , 30 Day Shred, kicked my butt!!! I worked up a sweat quickly and am still hurting the day after.  This DVD is a must as an extremely effective workout. For me, it beats the 4 FIRM workout DVD's I have: Hi-Deft SCulpt, Cardio Party, Hard Core Fusion and Cardio Overdrive! Just awesome!!!  Another favorite and good toning workout only is Tamilee Webbs's, I Want That Body.
1590171993|5.0|I first read Stoner over thirty years ago, and have read it a few times since. Lost my copy and got a new one from Amazon and read it again last year and it's just as relevant as it was in the 70s. Stoner himself is a memorable character, a perfect portrait of perseverance and fidelity to his calling as an English prof in a Missouri college. The bittersweet not-to-be love story, mixed with the just-plain-bitter office politics endemic to so many colleges, makes this a nearly perfect book. I recommend it highly. - Tim Bazzett, author of Pinhead: A Love Story
B0007Y08IS|5.0|The creators of Southpark really showed their stars this time.  It doesn't matter what side of the political isle you're from, there is humor for everyone here because this movie makes fun of everyone and everything.  No one is lesft unscathed.  It will truely open your eyes to how riduculous we all look when we get too political.  If you like gross perverted humor, you're going to love this movie.
B001RTIHPS|4.0|My family and I are recent Smallville addicts and we burned through the first seven seasons on DVD.  We just caught up to the current episodes, and I'm really enjoying Season 8 so far.  There's a lot of interaction with characters from the comic book universe (Green Arrow/'Toxic,' Maxima, Doomsday), and that's fun to see for someone who was raised on Superfriends every Saturday morning.  Clark Kent gets to be more of an adult ('Bulletproof').  Chloe has a lot to do this season, and we get to see many different sides of her and different possibilities for her character ('Abyss,' 'Identity').  Both Lana ('Requiem') and Lois ('Bride') fans can find episodes to warm their hearts.  I'm having more fun than watching this season, and I think I'll look back and this will be my favorite.  I like Requiem because there are some really fun Clark and Lana moments and I think the creators throw in some really interesting twists in the storyline.  This may be one of those episodes for the fans of Smallville that loyal fans of Superman struggle with.
0316017922|4.0|Gladwell's books are always addictive and interesting to read, but I always feel a tad let down at the end when I think about what the book was actually saying. He puts forth a simple premise that seems fairly intuitive, then supports it with fascinating case studies. The premise itself could probably be covered in an article, but it's the case studies that make it persuasive. And Gladwell's real strength is in his uncanny ability to find these varied stories from different fields and then make unexpected connections to support his premise.<br /><br />In OUTLIERS, Gladwell's simple assertion is that our notion of the self-made man, the superstar who rises to the top of their profession by their own hard work and natural talent, is a bit of a myth. Yes, those geniuses of whatever field they're in are indeed talented, and yes they do work hard, but in every case they have benefited from a multitude of other factors: the day and year they were born, who their parents were, their economic situation, and a great deal of good ol' luck.<br /><br />Again, though, it's not this premise that's groundbreaking; it's Gladwell's method of supporting it. To tell us why people are successful, he explains why most NHL hockey players are born early in the year, why many of Silicon Valley's greats were born within a few years of each other, how being kept out of the elite New York law firms in the mid 1950s helped Jewish lawyers succeed twenty years later, how cultural customs can cause planes to crash, and why in the south a person is much more likely to be murdered by someone they know than by a stranger. It all comes back to the question of nature vs. nurture, and whether a self-made man can ever claim to be truly self-made. Gladwell's answer is: not really.
B001P5HI4A|5.0|The movie swept me off my feet 25 years ago and it still doesn't fail to impress me as deeply.   The wonderful extras of this edition are both enlightening and interesting - especially for a fan and everybody else who shares a passion for movie-making and enjoys the vision of a gifted director coming to life. It remains my favorite movie of all time. I am extremely grateful that this DVD has finally come out!
0316789798|5.0|This book has clear instructions that are very easy to follow. My 6 year old can sit down and in just a few steps complete a drawing.
B00000JNO1|5.0|Again, another classic album cd from the \\"original\\" Lynyrd Skynyrd Band. This one contains the songs: \\"Saturday Night Special\\", \\"Cheatin'Woman\\", \\"Railroad Song\\" (about Jimmie Rodgers & Merle Haggard), \\"I'm a Country Boy\\", \\"On the Hunt\\", \\"Am I Losin\\" (this was written at Graceland in Memphis, Elvis had invited them over, after they had broken Elvis's attendance record for a concert in Memphis),\\"Made in the Shade\\" (inspired by Mr.Shorty Medlocke - Ricky Medlocke's Granddad), \\"Whiskey Rock & Roller\\", plus two bonus \\"live\\" songs: \\"Railroad Song\\", and \\"On the Hunt\\".    The last time I was at the Hard Rock Cafe in Atlanta, there was a Gold Record of this album hanging on the wall there.    This is a classic, and another \\"must-have\\" for any Lynyrd Skynyrd fan. Thanks, and may God Bless!!!
B0000YEEHG|5.0|Just finish watching \\"Persona\\" from my Ingmar Bergman box set and I must tell you that (after watching \\"Through a Glass Darkly\\", \\"Winter Light\\", and \\"The Silence\\") this was the greatest movie that he ever did. So much that it's one of the five greatest classic movies (pre-1970) I ever saw in my life (other four are \\"Bullitt\\", \\"Lawrence of Arabia\\", \\"North By Northwest\\", and \\"Casablanca\\"). Great performances from Bibi Andersson (who looks like the British actress of that time-Susannah York) and Liv Ullmann (who would start a relationship with the director after he divorced from his wife; even though it lead to nothing despite having a child) as Alma-the nurse who helps troubled young actress Elisabeth Vogler (Ullmann); who has hit a wall when she walks out of rehearsal of the play 'Electra' and refuses to speak. We also get a walk-on role from Ingmar's favorie actor Gunnmar Bjornstord as Elisabeth's husband.      But the real star is the cinematographer Sven Nykvist (who was Bergman's D.O.P. since \\"The Virgin Spring\\") and \\"Persona\\" has to be one of the ten greatest shot films of all time. Just look at the black-and-white and the shadows on the interiors and on the lead actresses' faces: He did an accomplishment that not even all the movies of the film noir genre could create. While the sequence in which Bergman films the same scene twice through the ladies' perspective (instead of cutting back and forth) is astonding.      There are two scenes that stand out: One is the long dialogue that Andersson gives to Ullmann in which she tells her a story about how she was suntanning naked on a beach with her lady friend when two teenage boys came up. As the camera focuses in on Andersson and Ullmann, Alma explains that it lead to sex between them and that caused her to come home with her husband and have sex again to get pregnant; which she did but she had to have an abortion and was told never to have a child again. I'm telling you that was the first time in a long while that I got an erection from a movie just by dialogue; especially when Alma tells Elisabeth in detail about the foreplay (\\"He grabbed my breast\\"), feeling the boy's penis inside her vagina, and experiencing an orgasm. She even said 'Shooting his sperm' at one point!      The other moment comes when Alma fights with Elisabeth over why she will not talk (I liked that scene before it when Ullmann is sitting on a table wearing a big hat while Andersson is against the wall wearing black glasses and although you don't see eyes, you can tell from her lips that Alma is really pissed off; which leads to her walking up the rock field and throws the glasses off her face and on the ground as if to say 'My gloves are off!'). It leads to Alma getting her nose bloody and in the film's defining moment, after she poked her left cheek, Elisabeth grabs her hand on it and gives a evil smile at her. That gave me chills considering that if they ever do a film montage on the movies in the 1960's that moment would be in there right next to Ernest Borgnine's character Dutch giving an evil smile of his own in \\"The Wild Bunch\\" (see my review of that movie).      Then there's Ullmann's performance. It is a shock as to why the Academy people did not nominate her for Best Supporting Actress considering that they nominated Vivien Merchant for \\"Alfie\\" even though she is in for only one scene while Ullmann is seen for basically the entire film of \\"Persona\\"...and she only speaks THREE TIMES! How can't that be Oscar worthy? Truth be told, I think she should of won it anyway because it's more stronger than the real winner-Sandy Dennis for \\"Who's Afraid of Virginia Woolf?\\" In all, it's a great movie. Leonard Martin in his book said that \\"Persona\\" is a movie for people that are feeling blue. And he is correct because this is one of the reasons why 1966 was the best year film had in the 60's. Or as what Andersson said to Ullmann as an example, \\"I'm not Elisabeth Vogler. You're Elisabeth Vogler.\\"
B0002KQNL8|1.0|We never recieved this movie. We paid for the product and never received it. We are very unhappy, we have done alot of ordering from amazon. We won't be ordering anymore. We have two different items that we have ordered and never recieved.
031606792X|2.0|Okay so i was all excited to get my copy of Breaking Dawn on the midnight release. I thought it would be so much better than the other 3. Sadly, I was mistaken, HORRIBLY mistaken.  Heres the main thing about Breaking Dawn that pissed me off:  WHERE THE HELL IS THE PLOT!?  Yes i know it has hot guys, passion, love, sex and all that jazz, but wheres the plot? Around the second half of Bella's book 3, it started to feel very compressed, rushed, and boring. I think while SM was writing this she remembered that she forgot a plot and just started to throw a bunch of things together to make something. It got so confusing in the end, I had to read it three times to get it. Reading it often felt like a chore.    Somehow, I managed to finish it and quickly picked up Wuthering Heights so i can completely forget about Breaking Dawn.   I was so disappointed, I hyped up and lost like 4 hours of precious sleep for this.     Now I'm not saying that SM is a bad writer, (actually her other novel, The Host, is 15x better than the entire Twilight Saga) its just Breaking Dawn, it was just, *sigh*.
0141020520|4.0|A very, very enjoyable read: some sad moments, but all-in-all a triumph of very human characters and some very funny events.
B001D08SK0|2.0|Let me first point out that this project was ambitious enough, that the music is still great after 50 years.  But what could this box set have been, when it was done with the ambition to make all errors from the past up?  So why did Sony/Columbia NOT give us the entire, uncut and complete studiosequences, with all tracks in the order they were recorded, and all false starts and studio chatter?  It really does NOT make sense to release the tracks, and after that only a selection of the studio chatter and false starts.  There is no connection between what was happening in the studio and the music, and that's why you give this studio chatter, etc., for in the first place.  This Special Edition is compiled for true collectors of Miles' music and lovers of this great record \\"Kind of Blue\\".  These collectors and lovers have, you might expect, already one, maybe more releases of the album at home.  So they are looking for something they don't have, and hope that all the errors and mysteries are solved with this release.  From the several Japanese releases we know that it is possible to release the complete two sessions as they were recorded in 1959, so why did Sony NOT release those?  The most interesting music of the other recordings during that time was most certainly the television broadcast \\"The Sound of Miles Davis\\" recorded between the two sessions of Kind of Blue.  Certainly \\"So What\\" of these sessions is the most interesting track, since here we can hear how this fine track sounds with pianist Wynton Kelly, instead of Bill Evans, and Cannonball Adderley (who was ill) replaced by three trombones.  This track is much more interesting than the version of \\"So What\\" recorded much later in Amsterdam. (and I am from the Netherlands).  Why give us a blue vinyl record in this box set?  It's only a gimmick that was already done before, but NOT for real collector's.  The poster is most certainly intented for those who are still having a room full of popstars hanging around, and the material on the DVD was also already released completely.  That leaves only the book, and to be honest the book is nice, has great pictures, but has several errors and leaves so many questions open.  Questions about:  - The speed error of side A.  - The mix up about the switch of the tracks on Side B.  - The correct recordingdata, and why that was corrected by Sony in the first place on The Master Sound Edition of 1992 by Amy Herot.  I think Columbia Legacy has something to explain. Because in 1992 the recording date for the second session was changed to April 6, 1959.  Mind you the first time we got \\"corrected speed\\".  - Who wrote what of \\"Kind of Blue\\"?  We all know that the liner notes from Bill Evans are not correct, but did nobody see there are two handwritings on the original handwritten liners of Bill?  He left the titles out, and when Macero took over from Towsend and asked Miles for it, he gave the wrong titles!  Why? Because Bill Evans wrote all the sketches, and maybe he also wrote all music, and inveted the titles, including that of the record, also.  Problem with all those questions and books around Miles and Kind of Blue: they are all written by Miles Davis fans.  Miles \\"used\\" music from others before, Eddie \\"Cleanhead\\" Vinson can tell, Gil Evans, Jimmy Heath, Charlie Mingus, etc., etc., and most certainly Bill Evans too.  I really like Ashley Kahn's book, certainly far better than the other, but he stops with his research when it is at its most interesting point.  On several cards and memo's you can see Bill's handwriting too.  Even on Townsend memo's.  We know he came to Miles home several times to arrange for these sessions, even on the morning of the first session, we know he wrote certainly at least two tunes, we know he did all sketches, we know.........  But here all research stops.  I am not impressed by Miles excuses that he wrote \\"Donna Lee\\" and Charlie Parker stole that away from him.  That's no excuse to give Bill Evans laughing $ 25! An insult.  After all Miles could hardly play \\"Donna Lee\\", he did it just once and it was too difficult for him.  So how on earth can you compose a tune that is too difficult to play yourself?    This box was THE oportunity to deal with all the questions that still surround that wonderful music.  But it did NOT, and with all respect it should.  The truth should come out, and Bill Evans should finally have the credits he deserved 50 years ago.    This story alone is like a thriller, and I hope that the makers of a film about Miles will deal with all these unsolved mysteries.  When such a film is released I sure hope Sony or Columbia will come up with a complete box set.  This time with all errors explained, all studio chatter, false start, and all music released the way it was recorded on those two sessions, and of course with the correct data.    This record, this music and the musical legacy of all musicians involved, deserve just that.  And all jazzlovers, like you and me, too.    Arnold van Kampen, writer about jazz, Netherlands.
1400034779|4.0|A truly entertaining story that had me transported to Botswana.  Fascinating characters, particularly Mme Ramotswe, and such vivid descriptions that I felt as if I were there.  Highly recommended.
0316096199|2.0|Alice Sebold is a great author, but when it comes to this book it lacks in excitment and is over detailed.  The Lovely Bones is much much better to read.  I don't really recommend this book.
0553815229|2.0|A very readable book, but sadly, as noted below, many of the conclusions are quite tenuous and have a hearty dose of speculation. Perhaps the Chinese did travel somewhat extensively, but I sadly cannot trust this book to give me the facts
0618918248|5.0|I have followed Richard Dawkins' writings and films for the past three years. I have found it informative to add his eloquent and objective reasoning and explanations to those other critical thinkers and writers in the subject area. Sam Harris, Christopher Hitchens, Daniel Dennett and Victor Stenger all approach this subject in special ways.  Harris is clearly taking a look from a rational or reasonable point of view.  Christopher Hitchens is mainly focused on formal religions and their dogmatic leaders.  Daniel Dennett explains the \\"whys\\" of beliefs in gods and superstitions.  Victor Stenger is famous for proving that it is untenable to hold to a god-based version of reality. What I find most rewarding in reading \\"The God Delusion\\" by Richard Dawkins, is how he uses the strengths of these other writers while focusing primarily on the subject of the evolution of our inquisitive nature, coupled with the insatiable drive to learn everything that is knowable.
1400031354|4.0|Another superb book in the No. 1 Ladies Detective Agency series; fantastic characters, vivid scenes, and fascinating stories.  Off to the library to get the next one...
0345495004|5.0|This is a wonderful book. A love story of one of the most important architect in history and \\"May-me\\" a true femminist. I loved it, especially because it is not about architecture or FLW but about their controversial love and such a strong women. I highly recommend it!
0061020710|3.0|Good read, though not as entertaining as some of the later ones I have read.  That said, a great start to the wonderful Discworld series and an entertaining and enjoyable read.
B001LPWGE6|5.0|This is a must get to add to your collection of Blue Ray DVD's.  If any movies come out with action pack and is worth watching time and time again this is one for you.  Amazon also delivers fast and have had no problems with buying their products.
B000026OW3|5.0|A must have for whom loves romantic classical music; by one of the great masters on piano!
0575081406|5.0|No book ever written is perfect in everyone's eyes. The old classics are, to my taste, long, drawn out, and dry. Newer more action-oriented series usually feel contrived to me; after Drizzt kills his 600th orc and starts to feel the strain, or Roran kills two entire cohorts by himself, one starts to lose interest. Authors who rely on their wit to carry the story - Koontz any Lynch - are fun and funny, but after a while it sounds like everyone is speaking with the same mouth. In the same fashion, I understand complaints that this book is at times redundant or long-winded.    The Name of the Wind, however, was perfect in *my* eyes. Rothfuss is undeniably an excellent writer in terms of pacing and story telling. Without revealing anything about the story, the structure of the book keeps his audience interested while giving them something to look forward to as well. I felt an emotional attachment to Kvothe, laughed out loud with his witticisms and despised his enemies.    Perhaps the greatest praise I can give to any book is this: I was genuinely sad when it was over. I wanted to be able to reach out and start the next one immediately, after I had spent an entire Saturday reading it; and indeed I have since re-read it twice. It was the same feeling I had after I read The Lord of the Rings for the first time (years and years ago, before the movies), and rarely since then has it occurred. Rothfuss created an excellent, compelling, deep storyline, and I highly recommend this book to anyone, anywhere, who enjoys reading at all.
B00005QJDG|5.0|Truely an awesome live performance from Dream Theater's \\"Scenes from a Memory\\" tour. Petrucci & Portnoy really deliver.I highly recommend this cd.
0156034565|5.0|As a former state fisheries scientist myself, I have to say that Paul Torday's book provides a hilariously accurate account of how governments actually work in the best traditions of the \\"Yes Minister\\" TV programme.<br /><br />Torday's story of how a project, which is considered to be scientifically impossible by reclusive expert Alfred Jones, can be catapulted into an absolute priority by political intervention, is frighteningly accurate, as is the actual fisheries science quoted by the author.<br /><br />The characters involved are also a delight - ranging from the introverted Dr Jones, to the visionary multi-billionaire shiek and the troubled project manager Harriet Chetwode-Talbot. But best of all, the Prime Minister's PR advisor and compulsive Blackberry user, Peter Maxwell is a wonderful comic creation who leaps off the page and has the reader skipping ahead to pages where he next appears.<br /><br />Highly recommended for anyone who wants a good laugh, as well as an insight into the way things ARE actually done in the corridors of power.
B001G55JEK|5.0|Magnificent classic movie and a historic tribute to the film industry. The first and the best of vampire horror movies.  Imagine waking up in the middle of the night and finding Nosferatu bowing above you beside your bed, looking straight into your eyes and getting ready to drain your blood.........!!!  Its downright scary; an excellent German movie on  this daemonic creature of the night. Youll never look at (the modern) Dracula the same way again. Just the name \\"NOSFERATU\\" is capable of instiling fear into the most brave. Enjoy the film and be warned, dont forget to wear your crucifix tonight...............
B0000253J9|4.0|\\"Who's Afraid of The Art of Noise?\\" is an album of halves. The even-numbered songs are the classics and the odd-numbered songs are the filler. The filler has a purpose however. The filler songs set up the classics, giving the listener a feeling of anticipation when the filler songs end. Whether this strategy was done on purpose or by happenstance is up for debate, but I am going with the former. Having said that though, the filler is listenable, which is important to mention since this is one of the most praised electronic albums of not just the 80's, but of all time. Still, anyway you slice it, filler is filler. The three classics distinguish from each other in revelatory ways. \\"Beatbox\\" is the most confident song on the album; each drum, each synthesizer note, and each vocal flow seamlessly together, creating eight and a half minutes of technical and visionary mastery, ending with a piano crescendo that will leave you baffled yet pleasantly surprised. \\"Beatbox\\" is probably the very definition of \\"art of noise\\"; it is art and it is noise and the musicians make it sound like heaven. The next classic, \\"Close to the Edit\\", is the most popular song on the album because of the award-winning video for it (watch it on YouTube, it's a masterwork of originality). \\"Close to the Edit\\" is the best-structured of the three classics. While not as loose and fun as \\"Beatbox\\", it is still hypnotic from beginning to end. Every single \\"Hey!\\" on \\"Close to the Edit\\" serves the song and adds a certain childlike appeal that electronic music can bring. \\"Moments in Love\\" is a universally beloved romantic soundscape that has proven to be the most influential song on the album. Traces of \\"Moments in Love\\" can be found in Massive Attack and much of trip-hop. The production by Trevor Horn is not as glossy as Frankie Goes to Hollywood's Welcome to the Pleasuredome but it is more inventive and purposeful since you hear every sound the way it should be; if the drums should dominate you hear the synthesizer in the background and vice versa. The album is not perfect but it holds up to anything Depeche Mode, New Order, Information Society, or The Pet Shop Boys did during that period. The Art of Noise became pioneers with this album by delivering their dose of freshness and originality seldom heard in music. Techno with a brain.nthesizer in the background and vice versa. The album is not perfect but it holds up to anything Depeche Mode, New Order, Information Society, or The Pet Shop Boys did during that period. The Art of Noise became pioneers with this album by delivering their dose of freshness and originality seldom heard in music. Techno with a brain.
B001FB4W0W|5.0|[[ASIN:B001FB4W0W True Blood: The Complete First Season (HBO Series)]]  I love this series.  Don't bother trying to compare it to the books because it can't be done.  I began reading these books when they first came out because I was looking for something to read that would be fun.  These Books did the trick.  I so was looking forward to the series that I had a party for the first episode.  We sat around eating Gourmet Chicken GARLIC Pizza and anticipating the show.<br />None of us were disappointed. It became a weekly event at my house.  Food and True blood.  We loved it and intend to do the same thing next season.<br />While the series attempts to follow the books (and does a credible job of it) it is a different kettle of fish altogether.  I can't wait for season 2 to begin.  We are planning another party for that season as well.  Everyone of us in the group has pre-ordered the season.<br />Have fun with these characters, the scenery, and the music.
0385736002|5.0|couldn't put the book down!  it's a light read, but so very imaginative and fresh!  looking forward to the the third book, the sorceress!
B0000DZTIL|4.0|Every Halloween my friends and I get together and have a Halloween party.  Our Idea of a good party is to put in as many hokey Scary or science fiction movies as we can, serve a buffet of food, and eat and watch movies.<br />This movie along with \\"The Monster Squad\\",and the \\"Night of the Comet\\" are some of our favorites.<br />It's fun to laugh at the acting, and the special effects, but it's also a great movie with Dennis Hopper playing a weird hippie science teacher, (Yeah, I'd have second thoughts about that too if I was a parent in this movie.), and a great car.  It's worth watching and fun to boot.
B001M6AHVS|5.0|This package \\"Hitsville USA\\" is the best set of cd's I've ever purchased  for myself or as a gift.  If you love Motown YOU HAVE TO PURCHASE THIS!  It was a birthday gift for my husband & we've listened to nothing else  since early Feb.
B0000004V2|5.0|This album (still use that term) will be 20 years old next month.  One of the best British outputs ever.  Almost fitting that they had the label dispute with Silvertone Records that they did.  How do you follow that up?  Revolver and Sgt. Peppers in the 60's, Skylarking from XTC and this one from the late 80's.  Totally unique.  Great artwork from Squire as well.  A must listen for anyone, especially the under 30 crowd.
B000EHRVP6|4.0|this is a pretty decent flick if you like sick things and somewhat perverse subject matter.  there are brief moments where it draws near to soft porn as the americans hook up with the european girls.  but when one or two of their friends disappear in a puzzling set of circumstances, the american get curious.  and they want to solve the mystery. i expected this movie to be sicker than it was.  i was expecting more time to be spent in the torture chamber showing people getting....well, you know...tortured.  i was a bit let down.  there are some gross scenes showing torture, but not as much as i was led to believe.  it is still an engrossing, raw, brutal look at the seamier side of certain negative human aspects.  it is somewhat sick, and i'm sure it will be too twisted for some people.  i recommend it.  it is a fun movie if you like a taste of the nasty stuff...but they could've spent more time torturing people.
B001KVZ6FC|4.0|The story begins with the funeral of Walt Kowalski's wife in a Catholic church as his family members sequentially go into the pew. We get a glimpse of the main character's animosity with each family member as the camera pans back and forth. We are then introduced to his two sons, Mitch and Steve, and get a glimpse of their alien impression of their father. The degraded relationship that Walt has with his two sons and grandaughter are evident during the reception after the funeral. Due to Walt's raw and unrefined nature, we realize that he has alienated himself from his family.<br /><br />Walt is a Korean War veteran and Ford factory worker who lives in an old neighborhood overrun by crime, gangs and racial tensions. He is haunted by his past from the war and sees the foreigners as transplanted \\"Gooks\\" who have no business living in Midwest America. He sees his Hmong neighbors as outsiders, as the grandmother of the Lor family (Chee Thao) equally sees him as an outsider in this predominantly Asian community.<br /><br />Thang Van Lor, a young man who is an intelligent, socially inept young man growing up in the pressures of the Hmong community without a role model. His older cousin is involved in a gang who tries to recruit him into a lifestyle of crime. The story begins with the funeral of Walt Kowalski's wife in a Catholic church as his family members sequentially go into the pew. We get a glimpse of the main character's animosity with each family member as the camera pans back and forth. We are then introduced to his two sons, Mitch and Steve, and get a glimpse of their alien impression of their father. The degraded relationship that Walt has with his two sons and grandaughter are evident during the reception after the funeral. Due to Walt's raw and unrefined nature, we realize that he has alienated himself from his family.<br /><br />Walt is a Korean War veteran and Ford factory worker who lives in an old neighborhood overrun by crime, gangs and racial tensions. He sees his Hmong neighbors as outsiders, as the grandmother of the Lor family (Chee Thao) equally sees him as an outsider in this predominantly Asian community.<br /><br />Thang Van Lor, a young man who is an intelligent, socially inept young man growing up in the pressures of the Hmong community without a role model. His older cousin is involved in a gang who tries to recruit him into a lifestyle of crime. The story begins with the funeral of Walt Kowalski's wife in a Catholic church as his family members sequentially go into the pew. We get a glimpse of the main character's animosity with each family member as the camera pans back and forth. We are then introduced to his two sons, Mitch and Steve, and get a glimpse of their alien impression of their father. The degraded relationship that Walt has with his two sons and grandaughter are evident during the reception after the funeral. Due to Walt's raw and unrefined nature, we realize that he has alienated himself from his family.<br /><br />Walt is a Korean War veteran and Ford factory worker who lives in an old neighborhood overrun by crime, gangs and racial tensions. He sees his Hmong neighbors as outsiders, as the grandmother of the Lor family (Chee Thao) equally sees him as an outsider in this predominantly Asian community.<br /><br />Thang Van Lor, a young man who is an intelligent, socially inept young man growing up in the pressures of the Hmong community without a role model. His older cousin is involved in a gang who tries to recruit him into a lifestyle of crime. We learn of the racial tensions, as Thang walks home from school, as he is taunted by a Latino gang. Thang is saved by his cousin from certain death. As part of an initiation into the gang, they get Thang to try to steal his neighbor's coveted prize, a 1972 Gran Torino.<br /><br />Paralleled into the story we get glimpses of superficial attempts by Walt's son in trying to `help him' adjust to his wife's death by trying to convince him to move intoa retirement community. We get a perspective from the other son, as a `leech' trying to see if he can acquire tickets for a game from his father. Walt's immediate family is only set upon what they can get from him rather than trying to help him. His family truly does not understand him and we are left wondering if they ever do understand him.<br /><br />Father Janovich (Christopher Carley) is a newly minted priest trying to watch over his flock member, Walt, as a dying wish by Walt's wife. He tries to get an introspective look at Walt and equally trying to gain his respect to get through to him. The interactions are bleak and sometimes comical.<br /><br />Caught in the act, Walt discovers Thang trying to steal the vehicle but escapes. The Gran Torino becomes the central symbol of the movie, coveted by Walt's Granddaughter, Ashley, and other characters in the movie. The movie progresses as Walt saves Thang from being abducted from his home and Walt is seen as a hero in the community. Walt is soon befriended by Thang's sister , Sue Lor (Ahney Her). He saves her from a confrontation with an African American street gang and her respect for him is heightened. Walt develops a relationship with his alien neighbors and learns more and more about their culture. He soon finds more things in common with his Hmong neighbor's than his own family. Being indebted to Walt, the Lor family makes Thang, called Toad by Walt, work various jobs as retribution and to restore his Hmong honor. The transformation by both Walt and Toad evolves as both men learn from each other, and they develop mutual respect for each other. Walt helps Toad with his social inhibition, coming of age and his career goals, and Toad helps Walt appreciate the other Hmong members in the community and learn to respect himself. Toad becomes a man and Walt achieves peace and becomes the father figure that he always longed for.<br /><br />Major conflict occurs between the Lor family and the Hmong gang, and we are left wondering how the resolution of this terror is resolved.<br /><br />This movie is a dark depiction of the reality of many industrial cities abandoned by the shut down of big industry, and the sad conditions that many people face by crime and racial tensions. It is also an introspective look into achieve one's true happiness. Riddled with various racial comments through the movie, it is a harsh reality of the uphill struggles that this country still has to work upon. It is with respect of others for both their similarities and differences that the characters were able to break their self imposed boundaries.<br /><br />The movie was well done, and character development was very good. I was able to relate to the perspective of each character as the story unfolded. This is one of Clint Eastwood's best movies.<br /><br />I highly recommend this movie.ther son, as a `leech' trying to see if he can acquire tickets for a game from his father. Walt's immediate family is only set upon what they can get from him rather than trying to help him. His family truly does not understand him and we are left wondering if they ever do understand him.    Father Janovich (Christopher Carley) is a newly minted priest trying to watch over his flock member, Walt, as a dying wish by Walt's wife. He tries to get an introspective look at Walt and equally trying to gain his respect to get through to him. The interactions are bleak and sometimes comical.    Caught in the act, Walt discovers Thang trying to steal the vehicle but escapes. The Gran Torino becomes the central symbol of the movie, coveted by Walt's Granddaughter, Ashley, and other characters in the movie. The movie progresses as Walt saves Thang from being abducted from his home and Walt is seen as a hero in the community. Walt is soon befriended by Thang's sister , Sue Lor (Ahney Her). He saves her from a confrontation with an African American street gang and her respect for him is heightened. Walt develops a relationship with his alien neighbors and learns more and more about their culture. He soon finds more things in common with his Hmong neighbor's than his own family. Being indebted to Walt, the Lor family makes Thang, called Toad by Walt, work various jobs as retribution and to restore his Hmong honor. The transformation by both Walt and Toad evolves as both men learn from each other, and they develop mutual respect for each other. Walt helps Toad with his social inhibition, coming of age and his career goals, and Toad helps Walt appreciate the other Hmong members in the community and learn to respect himself. Toad becomes a man and Walt achieves peace and becomes the father figure that he always longed for.    Major conflict occurs between the Lor family and the Hmong gang, and we are left wondering how the resolution of this terror is resolved.    This movie is a dark depiction of the reality of many industrial cities abandoned by the shut down of big industry, and the sad conditions that many people face by crime and racial tensions. It is also an introspective look into achieve one's true happiness. Riddled with various racial comments through the movie, it is a harsh reality of the uphill struggles that this country still has to work upon. It is with respect of others for both their similarities and differences that the characters were able to break their self imposed boundaries.    The movie was well done, and character development was very good. I was able to relate to the perspective of each character as the story unfolded. This is one of Clint Eastwood's best movies.    I highly recommend this movie.
B001GSV3EC|5.0|A fantastic album from one of rock's legends. Recorded live at Ronnie Scott's in Soho, London.    The band - Jeff Beck (guitar), Vinnie Colaiuta (drums), Jason Rebello (keyboards) and Tal Wilkenfeld (bass).    A great mix of songs that include Led Boots and Scatterbrain.
B000026OHN|5.0|Johann Sebastian Bach  1685-1750 <br />'The Well-Tempered Clavier'<br />Sviatoslav Richter-piano<br /><br />Bach wrote The Well-Tempered Clavier to demonstrate the musical possibilities of 'well-temperament'.The Well-Tempered system enabled the twelve notes of the standard keyboard to be tuned in such a way that it was possible to play music in most major and minor keys without most of the keys perceptibly sounding out of tune.In most tuning systems of the day,this was not possible to achieve.The Well-Tempered Clavier is presented in two volumes,comprised of a Prelude and Fugue written in all 24 keys.Bk 1. was composed in(1722),and Bk.11 in (1742).Bach writes \\"for the profit and use of musical youth desirous of learning,and especially for the pastime of those already skilled in these studies\\".The very nature of the pieces(as implied by it's title page) established a tuning system for harmonics which were to become the bases for all Western Music composed from the time of it's publication through the 20th Century.Beethoven was highly influenced by The Well-Tempered Clavier, and was noted for using many of it's compositional ideas as a foundation for his own musical creations.It inevitably had an overwhelming impact and influence on the great composers of the Classical,Romantic,and Post Romantic period.It is generally regarded as the most influential work in the history of Western Classical Music.<br />There are many remarkable interpretations of the 'Well-Tempered Clavier',and I am fully aware that everyone is entitled to his opinions and reactions,as this is the beauty of all the arts.Despite the sound quality of the recording,Sviatoslav Richter's performance of the WTC, is one of the finest on record.<br />I hope you enjoy it.
B000002JK2|5.0|Great CD...guest musicians include Eric Clapton. This CD is now out of print and getting hard to find. The one I got was USED, but in exceptional condition.
B000ZN802W|3.0|When I was in high school, Jack London's story, \\"To Build a Fire\\" was required reading in at least one English class. Why? Well besides being an incredibly well-written story and from the unsentimental naturalist school, perhaps someone in the faculty was trying to send a not so subtle message to us teenagers to \\"not do something really stupid.\\"<br /><br />Chris McCandless either never read the story or blew it off thinking it could never happen to him.<br /><br />To Build a Fire is story about an Alaskan adventurer who gets his feet wet and has about 15 min to build a fire and warm and dry his feet before they freeze making it impossible to get out alive. The story made a huge impression on me because it drove home the point that nature is powerful and in unforgiving conditions when it's man vs nature, nature usually wins unless man is just pure lucky. And in London's story, this is a guy who actually knew what he was doing.<br /><br />In McCandless' case you could have titled the story \\"To Smoke a Moose\\" because after McCandless manages to shoot and kill a moose he has no clue what to do with the carcass and tries to skin, dress, and smoke the huge animal. It turns into a flyblown mess and as everyone else has already commented, McCandless dies of starvation not long afterwards.<br /><br />It's a beautiful movie and is painfully true to the book. I gave my review 3-stars because as a production, Sean Penn did an amazing job not only of directing but of casting, cinematography, set design, and the sound track. It's a beautiful film in many ways and the performances, particularly by Emile Hirsch, Catherine Keener, and Hal Holbrook are affecting.<br /><br />The problem is McCandless just isn't a sympathetic character. He's clearly bright, likable, and idealistic. But he's also young, self-centered, and clueless and completely caught up into the romance of his adventure. Like a lot of 20-somethings. Unfortunately his situation was a lot more extreme and unforgiving than the struggles most of his peers were dealing with.<br /><br />The tragedy that struck me most was that Chris had a knack for connecting with people at a deep level. He seemed to make close friendships easily with others pursuing an alternative lifestyle. Yet, he's irresponsible in his relationships in the sense that he doesn't take into account the affect he has on the hearts of others. Nor does he fully understand what a loss it is for others when he moves on.<br /><br />At the very end when, for the first, time he realizes that he's in over his head and he may very well lose his life, how much those connections mattered. By then, unfortunately, it's too late.<br /><br />If you have a friend or kid with wanderlust, make sure they read To Build a Fire before they set out on their Great Adventure.dealing with.     The tragedy that struck me most was that Chris had a knack for connecting with people at a deep level. He seemed to make close friendships easily with others pursuing an alternative lifestyle. Yet, he's irresponsible in his relationships in the sense that he doesn't take into account the affect he has on the hearts of others. Nor does he fully understand what a loss it is for others when he moves on.    At the very end when, for the first, time he realizes that he's in over his head and he may very well lose his life, how much those connections mattered. By then, unfortunately, it's too late.    If you have a friend or kid with wanderlust, make sure they read To Build a Fire before they set out on their Great Adventure.
0767803434|1.0|This is not a review of the movie, rather Amazon's misrepresentation. The description for this movie clearly says the aspect ratio is 2.35:1 -- that is wide screen. A few lines above that is says:    Format: Closed-captioned, Color, Dolby, Full Screen, NTSC    So \\"Full Screen\\" is buried. I get the DVD and to my great disappointment it says \\"1.33:1\\". Yes, it actually is full screen.    Amazon lied! I will be returning this DVD immediately.    These descriptions should have a big red: WARNING, FULL SCREEN -- INCOMPLETE MOVIE ENCLOSED! to keep people from being tricked into purchasing full screen movies.
B00005JPY2|4.0|An ex-group of heroes find themselves back together after one of their own is killed. They teamed up in the 60's but now it's the 80's and super heroes are outlawed by President Nixon.<br /><br />  Now Rorschach (Jackie Earle Haley) is out to bring them back together. While Dr. Manhattan, the only one with actual powers isn't even sure whether he wants to give up on humans or not. His girlfriend Silk Spectre II (Malin Akerman) is his only link to humanity.<br /><br />  However since Dr. Manhattan's so obsessed with his work, he's pushing Spectre into the arms of Nite Owl II (Patrick Wilson of Lakeview Terrace). But it's a bad time for Manhattan to give up on humans since bombs are about to drop and he's the only chance in stopping them.<br /><br />  The movie is often brutally violent and disturbing even. It's far darker than Sin City and the Dark Knight. So don't expect a totally fun super hero adventure. Just expect a complicated but entertaining movie. It has it's share of fun action but some might find that it doesn't have enough action. I still found it fascinating though with some great visuals.<br /><br />  I didn't really care that there was a lot of talk. I loved the characters and the performances. Jeffrey Dean Morgan (Supernatural season 1, Grey's Anatomy), gives a star making performance like many reviews have said. However, I think Patrick Wilson is also surprisingly excellent as a former hero who won't admit that he misses doing it. While he has excellent chemistry with Malin Akerman.<br /><br />  Jackie Earle Haley's performance is a little under-rated as well, some critics didn't like it anyway. Yes, he sounds a lot like Christian Bale's Batman when he talks. Yet, he still probably gives the most engaging performance in the movie next to Billy Crudup. He totally owned the character as well.
B00001OH7G|5.0|The review title says it all. This is a wonderful album - full of raw energy, world class guitar playing and enthusiasm. What you won't find here is a highly polished, over produced album. Rory and his band plug in and play - the results are awesome. I highly recommend the Irish Tour DVD as well.
B0017APPT8|5.0|loved it
B00003JRCQ|3.0|\\"Sailor Bouy\\"  (to the tune of Avril Lavigne's \\"Sk8er Boi\\")     There once was a boy   and once was a girl  Do Jane's books repeat plots so obvious?     His first attempt sunk  Did not go his way  'cause Lady Russel had her say     They didn't want him  He wasn't a swell  that he'd later be rich   who could tell?     Now Elliots retrench  seek a new abode  Mr and  'lizabeth and Clay   to Bath go      He was a sailor boy  she said see ya later boy  he wasn't good enough for her  She had a pretty face  but her bloom has been displaced  Can he see that she still has worth?     8 years ago  he left her at home  sailed off on his ship   yes, all alone     The Asp it was named  it sunk in the sea  But the captain escaped fatality      He called on Mary  said he barely did know  Anne because she had altered so     On walks Anne tagged along  just one of the crowd  But then he noticed she'd slowed down     He was a sailor boy  she said see ya later boy  he wasn't good enough for her  But she has her regrets  and he's being considerate  Could she mean something to Wentworth?     He was a sailor boy  she said see ya later boy  he wasn't good enough for her  Now maybe she has a chance  but is there a new romance  Will she lose to a younger one by birth?     Sorry Anne thinks she missed out  Is he Louisa Musgrove's now?  Are they in love or just good friends?  We know how the story ends     Too bad the movie on TV  skipped the parts that were meant to be  or if the actors could have tried  speaking louder from inside     There once was a boy   and once was a girl  together now -- isn't it obvious?     They are in love  Tho' haven't you heard  him saying no woman on board ever?     She's with the sailor boy  singing an ode to Joy  Lets the past regrets all go  Now she's on his ship afloat  after the note he wrote  to the girl he used to know     She's with the sailor boy  signing off \\"Ships Ahoy\\"  And all 'round the world they go  no one can now persuade  them to have it any other way  A fitting end to the whole show        Original song:   [...]
0060922583|1.0|I wish I could give this book zero stars, but I can't.    Anyhow, why is this book a disgrace?  Simply because it misrepresents the \\"Holographic Principle\\" and how it can and should be applied (hint: there is no evidence that it can be applied to the real universe in any way or form and is simply a mathematical model, not a representation of reality).  In addition, it gives not credit to the REAL people behind the principle (another hint:  does the name Leonard Susskind mean anything to the author?).    In short, this book is wrong and is simply a collection of stupid ideas tagged onto a scientific theory in an attempt to lend them credibility and sell the book.
006091307X|1.0|Possibly the most boring book I've ever read.  The ONLY redeemable thing about this book is that it is mercifully short.
B000PFU7OO|5.0|I watched the movie and immediately ordered the CD.  Just had to have it...it really is that good.
B00005JPY2|4.0|It's strange entering a movie theater, having no idea what to expect from the film about to be seen. The ads for \\"Watchmen\\" promised a visually stunning superhero movie, and while it certainly delivers in that respect, I never imagined that it would also be such a complex, thought-provoking morality play, one that takes plenty of time to develop the characters into people we can actually invest in. I suppose I could have known this ahead of time had I read the original graphic novel by Alan Moore and Dave Gibbons, but to tell the truth, I didn't even know of its existence until the summer of 2008. No matter--the film is a work of art unto itself, not merely in terms of its look, but also in terms of its attention to character and its willingness to tackle weighty political and social issues. The tradeoff is a plot that's often very difficult to follow, mostly because, at a hefty 163 minutes, there's a lot of story being told.    It's a story that takes place in New York City in 1985. Not the actual 1985, mind you, but a 1985 in an alternate reality, one in which Richard Nixon has just been elected for a fifth term as President. Even though superheroes are commonplace, they're all mere human beings, which is to say that they have no actual superpowers. At a time when the United States and the Soviet Union are engaged in a heated nuclear battle, superheroes, also known as Watchmen, are seen more as vigilantes, and it isn't long before their actions are outlawed. Despite having disappeared from the public eye, it seems there's a conspiracy against the Watchmen, who are now being murdered one by one. Kick starting the story is the murder of Edward Blake, a.k.a., The Comedian (Jeffrey Dean Morgan); this reunites the remaining Watchmen, who take it upon themselves to solve the mystery of his death.    Most of the film is built around in-depth character analyses, which gradually help to explain why these people are the way they are. The Comedian, for example, is so named because, from his perspective, life is all one big joke. Having been commissioned by the American government to assist in certain operations, he's cynical and world-weary, pretty much to the point of hostility. It would be too much to say that we're made to care for him; we see him do some pretty reprehensible things, none of which I'll describe. We are, however, made to understand where he's coming from. At a certain point, he finds that he's no longer laughing at how much of a joke life is.    There are many other characters. There's Laurie Juspeczyk, a.k.a., Silk Spectre II (Malin Akerman), whose troubled mother, the original Silk Spectre (Carla Gugino), had ... an encounter with The Comedian many years ago. There's Daniel Dreiberg/Nite Owl II (Patrick Wilson), a technically savvy retired superhero, whose \\"basement\\" is an abandoned subway station filled with various machines. There's Walter Kovacs/Rorschach (Jackie Earle Haley), the only Watchman to continue his pursuit of vigilante justice. Appropriately, his cloth mask is decorated with inkblots that continuously shift around, and as is the case with a real Rorschach test, he sees only what he wants to see in the world around him. There's Adrian Veidt/Ozymandias (Matthew Goode), the only Watchman who has publicly revealed his identity. It's said on a few occasions that he's the world's smartest man.    The most fascinating character is Dr. Manhattan (Billy Crudup), the only Watchman who has actual superpowers. His story is definitely one for the comic books; he began life as mild-mannered nuclear scientist Dr. Jon Osterman, but as the result of a lab accident, his body and mind were transformed, allowing him to exist beyond mortal notions of space and time. His voice is distinctly human, but his body is a glowing-blue spectacle made of light and energy. Even though he uses his abilities to assist the American government in its efforts against the Soviet Union, it's obvious that he has drifted apart from the restof humanity. It's easy to see why--joining with the very fabric of the universe must make life as we know it seem awfully insignificant. He makes this point on the surface of Mars, where he unearths a towering sphere of crystalline gears, all of which rotate in very clock-like patterns.    And yet, there's the sense that some part of him, however small, is still human. Consider the fact that, even though he appears mostly in the nude, he always dresses in a suit for important events, like press interviews. How is it that a being from another plane of existence would have even a modicum of humility?    As we near the end of the film, an ethical dilemma is presented, challenging the audience as well as the characters. What it basically boils down to is: Is there a point at which peace comes at too high a cost? You be the judge. All I can say is that it's a fitting question for a film this well crafted, not merely on a technical level, but on a narrative level, as well. It's an ambitious superhero fable that surges with action, drama, and humor, at times brutally violent, at times contemplative, always staying fresh and exciting. It's always risky making a film adaptation, and admittedly, I was worried that \\"Watchmen\\" would follow in the footsteps of films like \\"Silent Hill,\\" which was only understood and appreciated by fans of the original video game. Speaking as someone who hasn't read the graphic novel, I'm happy to say that \\"Watchmen\\" is not elitist entertainment. Not bad for something that was once considered unfilmable.
B001TH16DI|1.0|You know, I was very excited when I read about the pending release of these movies. I bought a boxed Laserdisc set many years ago for well over $100 so the price here isn't a factor. However, if what people are saying here in their reviews is true, a message needs to be sent to Paramount loud and clear that we won't be duped.<br /><br />The fact that there are Director's Cuts of these and they aren't going to put them on the Blu-ray release can only mean one thing: that they are going to do another release later that has them. It will be hard to hold out for the proper versions but I'll have to do it. This is unfortunate news indeed. I don't want to buy them twice on Blu-ray.
B001C08RHA|5.0|The always entertaining Mr. Downey is on hand to present his tongue-in-cheek interpretation of the \\"super-hero\\". I've always been a fan of his, and with the help of director Jon Favreau (a fine actor in his own right) the two create a silly, never boring film of complete entertainment. It would be silly to try to say anything that hasn't already been said, but I rented the single-disc version; I'd been buying too many films, sight-unseen. This is one I'd buy, and that's about the best recommendation I could give!  Haven't heard much about Ms. Paltrow lately, but she's quite fine and confident in an important role. Jeff Bridges, too, always Mr. Nice guy in every film he's made, but here he shows surprising variation. As I said, everything's been blabbed away by previous reviewers, but I was amused and entertained a whole lot. There WILL be subsequent episodes, and I look forward to them. I just hope it doesn't dissolve in Hollywood garbage like other super-hero franchises...
B0019T9FL6|5.0|I enjoy this CD, so much.  Spotlight caught my attention and the other songs kept me.  I love Pocketbook with Ludacris it has a great sound.  I Love We Gon' Fight, I keep thinking of R. Kelly when I hear it though.  Can't Stop the Rain is really heart felt and just moving.      I love it!!
044024238X|4.0|this book is incredibly light and fun.  As long as you can overlook the fact that it's completely unrealistic you can definitely settle in for an easy enjoyable read.
B00012QM8G|5.0|As a black woman, I can understand how a race can suffer from hate and violence. As I watched this superb and awe inspiring movie, I felt a kindred connection with our fellow Jews. As a Christian, I felt the heart of God, as His people endured such atrocities. I cried profusely and was thankful for people like Oskar Shindler. I was especially touched by the wonderful performance of Ben Kingsley. Oh my! He was magnificent! I will always remember the part at the end, when the Jews were placed on the train to freedom. My heart soared and grieved for Oskar Schindler as he recounted the many times that he spent money lavishly on wordly things, instead of using the money to save more Jews. What a heart-wrenching performance! This movie will always be atop of my list of all-time favorites. The talent of Steven Spielburg shined brilliantly in this excellent piece.
B00005JPY2|5.0|1st: WATCHMEN is an amazing film adaptation of an amazing graphic novel and you need to see it ( and read it)...<br /><br />2nd : Neither the film nor the graphic novel is for kids...this ain't the Incredibles (although there are obvious intention parallels on Pixar's part). WATCHMEN is rated R for sex, intense violence and big blue full frontal from the only true super-powered super hero in the mix, Dr. Manhattan. This is actually fairly distracting in IMAX,  but props to the director for refusing to put pants on the guy (yes he does wear pants at some point but this part is true the comic).<br /><br />If you've never heard of the WATCHMEN now is a good time to learn.... Comic book fans, like myself have been waiting over 20 years for the big screen live action version...Alan Moore's 12 part comic mini-series which coined the term \\"Graphic Novel\\" and established the genre's ability to aspire to the ranks of literature (Time Magazine ranked it in the 100 greatest novels of the 20th century 1923-2005)...set in the year it was published WATCHMEN tells the story of cold war era world with masked heroes (forced into retirement) who are being killed off. More importantly the story centers on the deconstruction of the \\"super hero\\" exploring the flawed heroes of two generations of vigilantes. In addition to having lots of costumed heroes around History is different is that President Nixon is still president, currently serving his 5th term thanks to have won Vietnam, using the god-like power of Dr. Manhattan. In fact Dr. M's power is the only thing keeping the super-powers in check, but nuclear war still seems inevitable.<br />In less than typical fashion, hero origins and backstories are told throughout the movie through flashbacks, some more brutal than others. Although WATCHMEN was a DC comic it isn't set in the DC Universe of Superman and Batman.<br /><br />But you can tell your players without a  program...The next generation of heroes following in the footsteps of their post-WW II predecessors the MINUTEMEN are...<br /><br />The NITE OWL II aka Dan Dreilberg, the Batman like hero desperate to get back in action in his the Owl-looking air-vehicle, Dan is probably most heroic and the least flawed of all the characters.<br /><br />The SILK SPECTRE aka Laurie Juspeczyk, her mother was one of the original Minutemen and Laurie inheirents the role. Gets involved with Dr. M and the Nite Owl.<br /><br />RORSCHACH  aka Walter Kovacs, kind of a hard-boiled-detective-with-a-grappling-hook, Rorschach is trying to catch the \\"Mask Murder\\" and probably has more problems than any other character in the story, the villains included.<br /><br />DOCTOR MANHATTAN aka Jon Osterman, the result of an \\"accident in the lab\\" Dr. M is the only super-powered character and is blue.<br /><br />OZYMANDIAS aka Adrian Veidt is the self-styled world's smartest/fittest man. Veidt fancies himself akin to Alexander the Great and is the only hero with the wherewithal to create his OWN action figure line.<br />The COMEDIAN aka Edward Blake is the murder victim of the \\"Mask Killer\\" and ex-owner of the iconic-bloody-smiley. Blake is a mercenary feared by the bad guys as well as the good guys. Imagine a sadistic, over-sexed Capt. America.<br /><br />It has nearly panel per panel recreated the original comic composition of Moore's artist co-creator Dave Gibbons.... the dialogue is almost identical and very few edits were made (biggest cut was the comic-within-the-comic \\"the Black Freighter\\" which was animated to be released later in full (it is likely that the film pacing is better for the cut). The casting is perfect and thankfully mostly low profile \\"unknown\\" actors.  The costuming and effects are equally incredible. The art direction, from Alex McDowell and Francois Auduoy,  is on a scale of it's own, with attention to detail that is overwhelmingly accurate to the backstory and lesser details of the graphic novel.<br /><br />A great and complex look at \\"super-heroes.\\"Like the graphic novel, WATCHMEN the movie, truly explores the highs and lows of the human experience, with or without capes, Moore's words are still powerful and with a running time of under 3 hours, I say, why so short?human experience, with or without capes, Moore's words are still powerful and with a running time of under 3 hours, I say, why so short?
B000P0J09C|5.0|This review contains some spoilers - read only if you've seen this movie.    I've served in the armed forces, but not during Vietnam.  I was discharged honorably and even extended an extra year because I liked the experience and was treated with high regard.    After my first year in the military, I was introduced to this movie.  Like most viewers, I thought the basic training sequence was incredible - I'm sure most drill instructors today copy R. Lee Ermey, his performance was so spot-on.      Then, I got to the Vietnam scenes.  Being Asian, I found the racist remarks rather offensive in the second half.  Furthermore, I didn't get Kubrick's point.  There seemed to be no direct moral message, no overarching theme to communicate.  So, I treated it like two different movies - an incredibly good portrayal of boot camp, and a mess of a Vietnam experience for the second half.    Years pass.  I pull this movie out again and look around for what others (especially Kubrick himself) thought of the movie.  Now, it all makes sense.  This movie does have a point - its aim is to make an accurate portrayal of an intelligent soldier's life from boot camp to the jungles of Vietnam.  Without thinking about whether or not war is good or bad, without thinking about metaphors or symbolism, stripped of anything but the raw images on the screen, this movie in its entirety finally struck me for what it is, and it is a masterpiece.  It is hard to discern whether or not the troops agree that war is good or bad (notice that when Joker does his guilt-ridden 1000 yard stare, someone in the background says \\"F*****G hardcore man\\" in approval).  It is hard to discern if the soldiers actually enjoy what they are doing, and whether or not they take pride in their profession (note the television interviews, where you have guys like Animal Mother reveling in his duty, and guys like the medic who did not).  In fact, it is hard to discern a single coordinated, comprehensive thought during most, if notall, of the Vietnam sequence, and if this was done purposefully (which I now believe it was, especially if you include the ending), it indeed accurately portrays the bewilderment not only in the physical environment of war, but also the bewilderment in the minds of the soldiers - and in this sense, this bewilderment, if purposefully done, is indeed what makes this movie a masterpiece in my mind as well in its portrayal of war.      Add to that Kubrick's hidden images (there is an excellent, albeit radioactively liberal analysis of symbolism in FMJ on youtube called \\"the Hidden Hand\\"), and you get something that deserves multiple replays.  First time around, no matter who you are, you'll be mesmerized by R Lee Ermey and Vincent D'Onofrio.  A couple more times, and especially if you served, you'll get the rest as well.  Then, you'll find yourself watching the entire movie over again, and it gets better every time you do.
B000FS9MV0|2.0|I don't think I have ever heard a poorly done work by Foster.  Until now that is, this is an unbelievably bad job especially when compared to her first album.  It is impossible to really tell what has happened with her voice now that she has matured.  It took years to get this album done. There is no one quite like this girl, and Foster knows this.  I just hope he feels guilty enough to remix this thing or come out with a entirely new work. Renee can't possibly be happy with this.
B00001QEFU|5.0|Most people today remember Twisted Sister as the spearhead of the Hair Metal movement with there poppy bubble gum Hard Rock anthems all over Rock radio. In truth the band dates back to the 70s and began life, first as a general Hard Rock Glam act before vocalist Dee Snider arrived and introduced the music of Judas Priest, Ac/Dc, Black Sabbath and the NWOBHM.    This debut is far removed from what will follow two albums later with 1983's breakthrough album, \\"Stay Hungry\\", containing a sound that was raw and mean, stripped down and primal. The sound was Heavy Metal and if you were there in 1982, you probally would have thought this band to be the next big band in Metal.  Even if they did not rock quite as heavy as here, Twisted Sister still remained one of Metal's best loved bands of the 80s, and this was the masterpiece of there catalouge.    Each track is a classic of it's kind:    What you Don't Know, Sure Can Hurt You-Awesome Cooper inspired Heavy anthem(echoes of his \\"Hello Hooray!\\") that welcomes us into there Metal world. Rebellious and insidious, this is a perfect way to set up the heavy album. One of there best tracks.    Bad Boys of Rock and Roll-A more standard Rock and Roll anthem, this feels more akin to there sound of later but still carries the sound of there 70s influence. Good time Hard Rock and likeable enough.    Run For Your Life-Totally bad a s s song with a great melodic spoken intro by Snider that recalls Zeppelin before the song gets heavy and speeds up to the level of Priest brutality. Another all time classic.    Sin After Sin-Terrific OTTer(as in \\"Over the Top\\") is clearly titled as a tribute to the Priest masterpiece of 1977 of the same name. And the song very much recalls the same sound from those 70s records, clearly showing the band was capable of such. One of my favorite song sof theres', it's also one of there heaviest and rocks with actual purpose in it's tale of embracing a sin filled life.    Shoot Em Down-Cool song that sort of rocks like heavy Kiss but features a more UFO inspired chorus. Pretty addictive and leagues ahead of there pop hits. Great late night driving song.    Destroyer-The title may recall the Kiss album of 1975, but this track is more at home with Metal monsters like Black Sabbath's Iron Man and Judas Priest's Sinner in it's tale of undying creature poised for destruction of all.The heaviest song on the record and the band's heaviest overall, this features one of Dee's best performances and a good use of the bass as dead weight tp carry the lurching sound of Metallic doom.    Under The Blade-Twisted Sister's best song and my personal favorite, this is the one all Manowar loving metalheads reach for first. Guitarist Jay Jay French's riff is one of his best and the lyrics are among the best the band ever wrote. Not quite the S and M classic the PMRC decreed it(even though you can HEAR where they got that from!) this follows the blade as a metaphor for death, an operation and seeing the band. Of course the way Dee sings it can make one think otherwise....    Tear It Loose-Speed metaller that is inspired by Motorhead and rocks pretty heavy. Motorhead's ace guitarist, Fast Eddie Clark, even contributed a solo to the classic. Another album standout.    Day of the Rocker-Slow and heavy with a definitely Sabbath inspired riff that tells the tale of a Rocker's lifestyle. Perhaps not the Metal maelstorm of many previous tracks, this one still has appeal and fits as a nice closer to a powerful record.    Under the Blade ranks as one of the great debuts of Heavy Metal and one of the best albums of 1982. It's one of my personal favorites, and one that is a must for fans of the NWOBHM and Traditional Metal. An absolute Metal essential that will have the committed headbanger going back for many more trips \\"under the blade\\"....
B00006IUL7|4.0|Actually  I rate this 4.5 stars.  Christopher Nolan has done well with his second major project.  The use of the beautiful Alaskan scenery and contrasting man made structures, trash, and litter is amazing.  Pacino gives his usual strong performance and we've come to expect the same from Miss Swank.  Robin Williams again proves that comedians are more at home in a dramatic role than many serious actors in a comedy. A well done remake of an excellent foreign film.
B001FBSLH2|5.0|I have been a fan of the Crusaders for a long time. When I found out that this DVD was available I ordered it immediately. I was not disappointed, the DVD is great.
015206396X|4.0|I may like this book more than any of the other award winners and honorees I've read this season. The pace is great, the story is engrossing, and the whole thing is very compelling. I think it teaches some very interesting lessons without being too didactic, as well.    Katya, like a few others in her world, is \\"graced,\\" meaning she has a sort of special gift or power. In Katya's case she is a fighter -- a killer, really. And everyone knows. You see, they can tell by the look in her eyes. No, not the murderous glint, but the fact that her eyes are two different colors, as are the eyes of all \\"gracelings.\\"    She lives in a dangerous world of five scheming kingdoms, and is used by her uncle, King Randa, to mete out his own brand of harsh justice. For Randa she must break arms and intimidate, and she leads a lonely life. Gracelings are generally mistrusted, and a graceling who can kill with such ease....    However, in her own way, Katya is trying to fight back. She's created a council of do-gooders, who try to counteract the evil the squabbling kings have inflicted upon the world. It is during a mission for the council, saving a kidnapped foreigner, that she first meets Po, another graced fighter.    Po makes Katya's world a little less lonely, and a little more mystifying. She enjoys a fellow fighter who is a true challenge to her skills, and who seems to share her sense of justice. So it seems natural that they set out together to discover the mystery behind the aforementioned kidnapping and end up on a mission to make the world a better place.    I feel a little handicapped in that I don't want to mention too much and ruin the fun of reading this great story for yourself. There are simply all sorts of twists and turns and surprises that make this story great.    Like others, I'm very taken with Katya as a heroine. She's strong, she's smart, and she doesn't depend on anyone. (Although, I'd like to see, for once, a sort of feminist hero who isn't quite so tomboyish.I'm a feminist and I still enjoy wearing pretty dresses. The two aren't mutually exclusive!) I like that she never sacrifices her ideals.    Perhaps my only complaint is that although the fast pace was exciting, I might have enjoyed a little slowdown in exchange for a longer book. However, I'm not a teen or a reluctant reader, so there are trade-offs.    I also don't like Po's name... but I got over it.    The ending was a little deus ex machina, but I got over that too. At least Katsa dealt with it in an emotionally complex manner.    A word of warning: there is a great deal of violence, horror, evil, and a bit of sexual activity in this story. Don't say I didn't warn you. It is really an older YA story.     Great for boys and girls ages 15 or older.
