B000001EUP|5.0|This album is one of the most wicked metal albums ever made. The Scorpions  were out to tear it up and they do it in spades on &quot;Blackout&quot; .  &quot;Dynomite&quot; rocks so hard that it feels like Godzilla is stomping  down your house until there's nothing left. &quot;China White&quot; comes  on like a modern day &quot;Kashmir&quot; in its groove yet it is completely  original in terms of lyric and melody. The band sings a dedication to their  fans on the raucaus and fun &quot;Can't Live Without You.&quot;   &quot;Blackout&quot; is a tidal wave of bonecrunching mindmelting metal  that ends with Klaus Meine producing a teutonic scream that would have made  Richard Wagner proud. &quot; When The Smoke Is Going Down&quot; is a  beautiful ballad that is melancholly in its melody yet powerful in its  spirit. This album also contains the fantastic &quot;No One Like You&quot;  which was The Scorpions first top ten hit. This is a great song with a  irresistable melody and a guitar solo that is devastating in its precision  and passion. What can i say except that this is The Scorpions tour de  force. Buy a copy and drive your neighbors crazy with this buffet of  crunchy metal. Cheers!
0440224764|1.0|Having read a number of John Grisham books I found that they were all getting a bit samey and I don't even know why I started to read this  one.<br />Now that I have read this book I wish I hadn't bothered and actually  feel that I wasted the first few days of my holiday in reading it.  This  book is really quite dire.  Whereas all good stories have a beginning, a  middle and an end, this story is just a four hundred page long ending.  This makes the book quite tiring to read!  I only finished reading 'The  Partner' because I always finish what I start and I have given it 1 star  out of five as I can't give it none.
0767827023|5.0|but it doesn't take away from the humor.  I thought that Will Smith and Martin Lawrence would be an unlikely pair, but the chemistry between the  two was tight.  They just seem to feed off of each other.   This movie  centers around to Miami cops, one a wealthy playboy and one an dedicated  family man.  There's lots of action that makes it hard NOT to get caught up  in this fast-paced movie.  There's just never a dull moment!  Who would  have thought that these two guys with big ears would make such a great  pair.  I look forward to seeing them together again onscreen!
B0000033TE|4.0|It is difficult to recommend this recording to anyone entirely unfamiliar  with Emerson Lake &amp; Palmer as one cannot appreciate them without  exposure to the development that took place in their earlier  albums.<br />Suffice to say that this trio was in a league of its own by the  time this album was released.<br />If you are looking for easy listening -  forget it! I was drained and shattered at the end of its first playing back  in 1973.<br />The innovative aspects of this meisterwerk are too numerous to  detail here. Just accept the fact that this is where they peaked.<br />Younger  listeners may be amused by the close of Karn Evil where man finds himself  in bemused conflict with a computer. Remeber this piece is 17 years old and  has a distinctly prophetic edge to it.<br />It just misses a 5 star rating  from me only because I did not find the production as clean as Emerson Lake  &amp; Palmer or Tarkus. From a content point of view it is vastly more  satisfying. Listen to it and be apprehensive.......
B00004TWZF|1.0|And the only reason it got ONE star was because of the amazing photography  and the amazing score.  While I am usually a big believer in letting the  artist express the story he wants to tell, this &quot;director's cut&quot;  completely destroys a wonderfully simple film.  As much as I love the  additional underwater footage, you don't need to spell out every last beat  in this story.  The key to the film is the relationship with Jacque and the  ocean - everything else is used show how important that is.  Rosanna  Arquette's part was raised from a supporting cast member to a starting role  - WHO CARES ABOUT HER?!?!  Nobody.  As much as I have loved many of Luc's  films, please be wary of the director's cut of this one.  Bigger is NOT  definately better.  There's a reason that editors are hired on films - to  cut the film down to what it needs to be.  This version is a perfect  example of how a &quot;director's cut&quot; can ruin a film
B0000033OZ|4.0|This album has to be listened to within the context of its time frame. If  you were able to transport yourself back to its release date you would be  astonished.<br />ELP gave me my first taste of the Moog Synthesizer at a time  when it was still in its developmental stages and Keith, I believe, was  collaborating quite closely with Dr Robert Moog. Imagine you have never  heard the instrument before and then play Lucky Man!<br />Take A Pebble  probably still remains the standout track and, here again, it is easy to  lose sight of its originality and importance when compared to the kind of  music that was universally popular at the time.<br />ELP were amongst the  first victims of the punk backlash of the mid seventies - probably because  their music had progressed way beyond the easy-to-appreciate commercial  nonsense that traditionally infests the charts.<br />They fully merit their  position as one of the most innovative and skilled outfits of our  time.<br />This debut release was also characterised by being a particularly  high class production effort. I still play it regularly.
158234082X|2.0|I anticipated some shock value being associated with this book.  However, there are relatively few titillating facts or revelations in this book.   Unfortunately, it largely diminishes the respect of readers who recognize  the yeoman work and assume artistry being inherent in chef's  work.<br />Perhaps Mr. Bourdain does accurately summarize the mindset and  lifestyle of chefs and their kitchen staffs.  I suspect, however, that he  is more likely to be describing the restaurant scene in Manhattan than  accurately summarizing it nationally, much less across the world.   Bourdain's depiction of his experience with the fastidious and quality  focused Tokyo restaurant scene undermines his thesis that the book's  earlier characterizations are universal.<br />It is discouraging, because Mr.  Bourdain effectively develops in the reader a distain for the profession  and those drawn to it, leaving one with the impression that it is a magnet  for maladjusted low lives who have, at best, marginal ethics.  <br />This is a  cynical and egotistical work.  Mr. Bourdain acknowledges, and wallows in  his excessively positive self image.  He goes to extreme lengths in an  effort to prove that this is a manly profession, salting it with excessive  (and unnecessary) vulgarity, references to aberrant -- albeit heterosexual  -- predelictions and practices, and numerous homophobic remarks.  Yawn.   This simply indicates significant insecurity and a poor self image not far  from the surface.  Perhaps I am inferring this from the author's continual  allusions to his former drug addiction and significant consumption of  alcohol and tobacco throughout the book.<br />While the gourmand willl find a  number of passages somewhat informative and interesting, ultimately this is  a depressing book.  It leaves you with a sense of distain, distrust, and  some pity for those in the restaurant business, who you are left thinking  work too hard for too little and waste their lives.  One suspects, and  hopes, it is more autobiography than an accurate description of the  profession.
B000002J20|5.0|This double album has always generated conflicting views with many fans  and critics choosing, ultimately, to almost ignore it as if it were beyond  them.<br />This piece make demands on the listener and, rather like Emerson  Lake &amp; Palmer, Yes belong to the forefront of a genre which probably  did much to spawn the retaliatory punk movement.<br />Without being  disparaging to audiences Yes have always offered more than a couple of  basic chords and high energy. <br />The mystical quality which characterised  much of Yes's music reached its zenith on Tales. There is incredible  variety allied to lyrical complexity. Possibly for some it was easier to  shrug and move off.<br />For me Tales represents an aural experience of near  religious proportions. It is best suited to the focused serious listener.  My major criticism of it is that it could, quite possibly, have been  condensed into three rather than four sides.
B00000K19E|4.0|Fans of writers Phil Dick and William Burroughs will love the paranoia deep at the heart of this stylish movie.  With a palette whose major color  is a weird shade of black-green, the Wachowski brothers have made an  intelligent, thought-provoking action flick -- a genuine rarity.  Oh,  there's one too many action cliches, and Keanu Reeves' acting is as close  to dead as you'll see onscreen, but there's a lot to like here too.  I'm  especially fond of the way the script slowly unfolds our understanding,  rather than trying to lay it all out for us, and the look of the movie is  as close to genuine cyberpunk as anyone's yet come.  The DVD has lots of  extras, but a lot of them are empty fluff (&quot;Are You the One?&quot; --  now really!) and about half are accessible only on a computer with DVD  capability, not on your standard DVD player.  Still, you can't go wrong  with The Matrix if you like intelligent sf, moody action, or witty  paranoia.
0792151712|3.0|Titanic had the potential to be a really good movie. However It was turned  into a teenage flick. It didn't emphasize how people actually died. How can  people say that Jack and Rose were in love. They had a fling. It only  appeared to be love because they were willing to sacrifice their lives for  each other. Romeo and Juliet!!! So unoriginal. The only reason why I gave  Titanic 3 stars is because of the music, special effects and some  orginality.
6305807086|2.0|There's a brilliant idea at the core of Being John Malkovich, and when I first saw this flick I expected to like it a LOT.  Few movies have  disappointed me so thoroughly.  To begin with, there's absolutely no one to  like here...John Cusack whines his way through his role and plays nothing  more than his greasy, stringy hair; Cameron Diaz is little more than a  doormat; and the much-touted Catherine Keener is all stiletto heels.  Then  too, there's Spike Jonze's direction -- off just a shnoop (to quote  Chico)...IN EVERY SCENE.  What should be funny is either thrown away or,  more often, belabored beyond even a smile.  What should be touching is  handled with sledgehammer finesse.  This is one movie I won't be watching a  second, third or fourth time.
6302206294|4.0|This movie is really entertaining. I haven't seen it many times but it is  different each time I see it. For reason when people make movies that are  set back in the older times. It always seems to work. It is interesting.The  characters played their parts well. Except for Morgan Freeman. But he  couldn't help it because his role was innaccurate. Over all a really good  movie. I'm not a fan of rock and roll but I really like the theme  song,&quot;Everything I do, I do It for you.&quot;
6304233639|1.0|This movie was stupid from beginning to end.  The acting and dialogue were horrendous.  Like that of a B-grade movie.  Will Smith was so annoying and  really isn't that funny. The only thing going for this movie was the  special effects and I am pretty sure that's what was intended.
B00004TH83|5.0|Unlike most who bought the CD, I never liked the song &quot;I Will Love Again&quot; that much (sounds like just another teeny puppy-love song that  Jessica Simpson would sing).  <br />Out of pure boredom one Sunday afternoon,  I picked up the headsets to Lara's CD at a music store and started  listening - and boy was I amazed.<br />Lara is very close in style and vocal  power with Celine (in fact, even the CD cover reminds me of Celine's  &quot;Let's Talk About Love&quot; cover), so if you like Celine type of  ballads, you'll love this CD.  I would also agree with most reviewers on  some of the very good things they have to say about Lara.  <br />My only  disappointment though is that Lara seems to have pushed her vocie a little  bit too much - in a number of songs, her voice sounded a bit scratchy when  it hit the high notes.  Wonderful as it is now, her performance, I think,  could be even better if she'd used 70%-90% of that vocal strength instead  of 110%.  (Celine used to oversing too - as in &quot;The Power of  Love&quot; - but I think she later learnt to not always push herself to the  very edge, and she ended up with such great performances as in &quot;My  Heart Will Go On&quot; and &quot;That's the Way It Is.&quot;)<br />All in all,  a tremendously enjoyable CD (4.5 stars) that you'll listen to again and  again and again ...
0780631684|5.0|I absolutely loved this movie! Very well done. I left the theatre still  thinking...what if it is true. I mean, how many times have you crossed the  street and almost gotten hit? Or tripped and been inches from hitting your  head on the corner of a table, breathing a sigh of relief? I know this has  happened to me quite a few times in my life. The best horror flicks are  those that have a plot that revolves around what humans fear, but are too  afraid to talk about. Death is something that  people fear the most. Final  destination hits all of the tender spots when it comes to death, holds you  there and then drops you. This is definately a must have movie to own, it  will be a classic. If you enjoyed The Faculty(One of my favorite horror  flicks of the 90's) and Sixth Sense(My 2nd favorite horror flick of the  90's) you'll really like Final destination. Happy movie watching! Heth
B0000031P7|5.0|This is one of the most beautiful, inventive, and musically inspiring  recordings I have ever had the privilage of listening to.  For the love of  god, GET IT.
0767903854|4.0|At last, an American who doesn't trot out the usual vapid cliches about Australia!  Bill Bryson obviously loved his stay in Australia and has made  a great effort to learn about this wonderful country.  It's a pity that the  professional reviewers included on Amazon's page don't seem to have  actually read the book, because they're still trotting out the same old  perceptions - there is a creature that will kill you at every step, and  that old chestnut &quot;where men are men and sheep are nervous&quot;, open  up to a new world and read Bill Bryson, he got it right!
B000002GB9|5.0|After watching Styx--Behind the Music on VH1 the other night, I had to put my 2 cents in.  I was a mere child when this album was released, but the  songs are timeless.  Why, O why can't they make music this good in  1999-2000 ?P.S. rest in peace , John
B00003W8NM|5.0|Well, let's see. I probably haven't seen one movie more than twice and I've already watch this one at least 15 times. This movie was incredible.
B00004RFFM|2.0|Whilst 'Jaws' featured a (realistic) half-glimpsed shark sweeping through the water like a stream-lined demon, chasing unfortunate humans with a  preternatural hunter-instinct, 'Deep Blue Sea' goes more for the 'here's a  great big CGI shark chasing a mixture of cliched characters through some  utterly implausible yet big blockbuster situations' approach. Spot the  difference?<br />Not that 'Deep Blue Sea' was utterly devoid of hope. One  scene early on features Samuel L. Jackson looking down at the surface of  the pool, and a distorted image of a shark the size of a bus swims past.  It's one of those 'take-your-breath-away' moments, that makes you go:  'woah, this is gonna be good.' But then, suddenly, we go underwater, and  the film dies. The animatronic sharks were quite cool. The CGI sharks were  absolutely appalling, and being as most of the film was CGI, it looked like  some two-bit cartoon extravaganza. Each of the 'terrifying' death scenes  were some of the most hysterical moments I've ever watched. Computerised  sharks is one thing, but computerised people, with arms and legs kicking  around like some wind-up bath-toy? It was the fact that you never really  see the shark until right at the end that made 'Jaws' scary; the mako  sharks in 'DBS' are unveiled after about five minutes in all their  too-smooth-to-be-real glory. The scene in 'Jaws' where Richard Dreyfuss is  in the cage peering out into the murky ocean was one scene they couldn't  steal; the CGI water was absolutely crystal clear so that no matter how far  away the shark seemed to be, we could see it.<br />The story line is rather  plodding, our hapless heroes blundering from one mishap to the next. The  initial moral question about genetic manipulation, and the quest for a cure  for Alzheimer's seemed to be forgotten quite early on in place of the  'who's going to die next' formula. The sharks were hyper-fast and  hyper-intelligent one moment, then really slow and kind of stupid the next  (they recognise the gun, but with their highly evolved sense of smell, one  of them can't smell gas). Oh, and every character is munched with one  chomp, except a particularly tough rap star, whose leg is made of titanium.  I'll touch briefly on the characters: rigid, cardboard, who really cares if  they live or die? The only exception to the rule is LL Cool J, whose  preacher cook is humorous, interesting and always a pleasure to watch. The  only saving grace of this movie, and the only reason it got two stars, was  LL Cool J. Admittedly, he plays it very similar to his role in Halloween  H20, but why change a formula that works? The rest of the film can sink to  the bottom. And don't get me started about Saffron Burrows...ecognise the gun, but with their highly evolved sense of smell, one  of them can't smell gas). Oh, and every character is munched with one  chomp, except a particularly tough rap star, whose leg is made of titanium.  I'll touch briefly on the characters: rigid, cardboard, who really cares if  they live or die? The only exception to the rule is LL Cool J, whose  preacher cook is humorous, interesting and always a pleasure to watch. The  only saving grace of this movie, and the only reason it got two stars, was  LL Cool J. Admittedly, he plays it very similar to his role in Halloween  H20, but why change a formula that works? The rest of the film can sink to  the bottom. And don't get me started about Saffron Burrows...
B000003TAW|4.0|Before there really was emo, weezer was writing songs about dungeons and  dragons, and how cool it is to be alone sometimes.  While this album shows  a bit of hipster cool, with fantasies about surfing to work, and a song  about dumping someone, there's definately a &quot;celebration of the  nerd&quot; sort of feel to it all.  As one of the bands who inspired geek  chic in 1994, this is an album anyone who knows how cool it is to be uncool  should pick up.
0792838084|2.0|Dennis Hopper is a Great actor, Kyle McLachlan is better than average.   But why they would agree to be in this weird, confusing movie is beyond me.   Why does Kyle sleep with Rosselini when he already has a girlfriend?  And  when he knows he could be killed at her house if Frank shows up?  Yes, this  was the weirdest movie I have ever seen, weirder than Existenz or a  Clockwork Orange.  I didn't think the plot was very developed, I though the  motivation for the characters' action went mostly unexplained, and I did  not understand why so many people love this movie...But if you do love it,  good for you - at least Lynch has made some people happy.  I am just  voicing my opinion, not putting down anyone who loves this film.  Like some  have said, this film is not for everyone.  I give it 2 stars (instead of 1)  because it was original, even though I didn't like it, and Dennis Hopper  was convincing as the villain.
B000003N89|5.0|This is one splendid recording. The musicians are tight, Krall's singing  is evocative and wonderfully expressive. Small wonder this title was well  received. I loved it. Krall is clearly going to be a powerhouse if she  already isn't. Just wonderful! I heartily recommend this.
6302787556|5.0|While studying acting at the American Theatre of Harlem with teacher  director Hal DeWindt a few years ago (a man who also knew Malcolm  personally) he challenged us all to a debate about Spike's film.  He  expressed dismay that Norman Jewison did not in fact get the rights to this  project that Spike fought so hard for.  He saw the movie as a whole deeply  flawed, missing the essential elements of a &quot;bio-pic&quot; beyond the  reported and witnessed events that make a figure stand out in one's mind,  or in history, and therefore, despite Denzel, despite Angela Bassett,  unsuccessful at portraying the &quot;Shining Black Prince&quot; (Ossie  Davis) of our modern day lives.<br />As you can imagine, he was alone in  belieiving the film to be flawed.  I and my friends had long since come to  the conclusion that Spike Lee had made one of the most important films of  the latter half of the 20th Century with this, his masterpiece of  masterpieces, and that Denzel Washington had stepped into immortality with  his eerily accurate portrayal. but because of his immense knowledge of both  the medium of film and the subject matter, we listened on, and found  ourselves consistently challenged to understand the nature and the purpose  of film, and the actual characteristics of the art form of cinema.<br />In  the end, the students and myself began to question what I think is now  still slowly becoming self evident:  Spike Lee created another art form  with this movie.  A general theme underpinning this representation of the  life of El Hajj Malik El Shabazz, aka Malcolm X, is actually missing.  And  yet the picture, structurally if nothing else, in its near pure devotion to  the Autobiography creates a transformational and transcendent portrait of  the subject that far exceeds the majority of most of the bio pics that have  ever been made (with the possible exception of THE GREATEST STORY EVER TOLD  with Max von Sydow as Jesus, and GHANDHI, with Ben Kingsley).  It seems as  if there was no need to underpin his perspective of Malcolm with an obvious  or personal unifying theme or message, because there is one already there-  just one so profound, so elemental, so transcendentally human, spiritual  and universal that it could only be expressed through the telling of the  story.  If Spike had followed the expectations of many in Hollywood and  throughout the Black communities of this country, the film probably would  have suffered immensely.  He tells the story of Malcolm in such a way as  to practically have the spirit of Malcolm telling you the story himself.  You feel as if you are becoming one with Alex Haley, Malcolm's co-writer of  his autobiography, while simultaneously becoming one with every emotion and  every transformational experience he had throughout his life- and the  ramifications on our world- practically unencumbered by his or someone  else's perspective, regardless of it being one of praise.<br />This is not  just Spike Lee's Masterpiece.  This is not just a magnificent film, worthy  of five stars easily, and cheated ridiculously (albeit expectedly) during  the Oscars- even with the only drawback of Spike playing one of the  characters (the only time you are reminded that you are watching a movie).  This is a new art form, masquerading as a fantastic film.<br />Watch it.if there was no need to underpin his perspective of Malcolm with an obvious  or personal unifying theme or message, because there is one already there-  just one so profound, so elemental, so transcendentally human, spiritual  and universal that it could only be expressed through the telling of the  story.  If Spike had followed the expectations of many in Hollywood and  throughout the Black communities of this country, the film probably would  have suffered immensely.   He tells the story of Malcolm in such a way as  to practically have the spirit of Malcolm telling you the story himself.    You feel as if you are becoming one with Alex Haley, Malcolm's co-writer of  his autobiography, while simultaneously becoming one with every emotion and  every transformational experience he had throughout his life- and the  ramifications on our world- practically unencumbered by his or someone  else's perspective, regardless of it being one of praise.<br />This is not  just Spike Lee's Masterpiece.  This is not just a magnificent film, worthy  of five stars easily, and cheated ridiculously (albeit expectedly) during  the Oscars- even with the only drawback of Spike playing one of the  characters (the only time you are reminded that you are watching a movie).   This is a new art form, masquerading as a fantastic film.<br />Watch it.
B000002GD8|4.0|Supertramp leaders Rick Davies and Roger Hodgson compliment each other  brilliantly on this album.  As Rick in his style is too earthly and  practical, Roger in his is too heavenly and dreamy.  Together they strike  up a balance in their music.  &quot;Crisis?  What Crisis?&quot; is a  surprising sequel to their masterful &quot;Crime of the Century&quot;, a  heavy, subtle album which kept a very talented but often too over-the top  Roger Hodgson in check.  Towards the end of &quot;Crisis?&quot;, Roger does  go off a little too much and gets too mushy.  Perhaps a rearrangement of  the songs or another song added by Rick before its release would of helped  this album.  Nevertheless this is standard Supertramp with full  orchestration--wonderful woodwind, stunning guitar and acoustic guitar  playing, keyboards with imaginative organ work, with adequate base and  fantastic percussion.  The lyrics are imaginative and intelligent and the  backup strings and choir create a dynamic effect.
B00004SCX6|5.0|probably the only female pop singer to gain world wide recognition, and who better to represent them. and she isn't lucky she is a true sensation.  not only is she a perfect role model for young women, she is as adorable as  ever!  unlike most artists her lyrics aren't nasty, and she still sells  incrediable amounts of sales. i didn't think that it could be better then  the first but ohh boy was i inncorrect.<br />i really like &quot;opps i did it  again&quot; &amp; the current hit &quot;lucky&quot;. keep up all the good  work brit!
6305232660|5.0|I absolutely loved this movie, and in my opinion, one of the best movies I've ever seen.  Now, a lot of people are saying that this is the worst  movie they've ever seen, because it's not FX-ridden, Tea Leoni can't act,  too depressing, and so on.  I actually agree with that.  For a  &quot;blockbuster,&quot; the FX were very limited, Tea Leoni was monotonous  throughout the whole movie (I don't know how someone can say  &quot;daddy&quot; so unpassionately when it's SUPPOSED to be), and it did  make me cry a lot (this coming from a teenage guy...).  So, why did I love  it?  It affected me where my heart is.  It was a movie in which I could  emphatize with all the characters.  It wasn't like this was a joking  matter.  Obviously, if the world's gonna end, you wouldn't be trying to  crack jokes.  It touched me, and made me realise the importance of having  relationships, and keeping them. Also, Leelee Sobieski acted quite well.  I  think she could have done a better job of acting the main role than Tea.   The way she was heartbroken to leave her parents, the love she had for  them, was amazing. I think I've watched it at least 7 times, and each time,  I never fail to cry....  Yes, it might be depressing, but you know, hope  survives.  Life goes on.  You gotta make the best of what you have. And  that is all I have to say.
B000000H5K|5.0|Sepulturas music is great, this is the best album of the band soo far, you can listen to it one thousand times and dont get bored, its absolutle recomendable if you are fan of the band, or heavy metal, trash metal and  others another grat band of the stile (my favorutie one) is mastifal, these  guys are incredible...
0684803356|5.0|I loved Farewell to Arms, so I picked this up at the bookstore near work  and couldn't put it down.  It really grabbed me.  While the first chapter  in any Hemingway book is difficult due to his lack of immediate  characterization, it soon becomes easy to understand.  I loved the  dialogues between Pilar, Jordan, and Maria.  They were so funny.  I even  learned some Spanish.  I love Hemingway's prose and for a while I tried to  model my own writings after his.  Unfortunately, I'm not as good as he is  at it.  Anyway, this book has inspired me to go to Spain for my semester  abroad and to research the Spanish Civil War more deeply.  Great novel that  happens to be educational.
B00003CWNR|5.0|From Lasse Hallstrom comes the wondrous, the beautiful, the amazing story about how far we must travel to find the place where we belong.  &quot;The  Cider House Rules&quot; is a touching, emotional journey about Homer Wells  (played flawlessly by Tobey Maguire) who leaves the orphanage where he has  spent his entire life to see the world.  Homer learns the tribulations and  lessons of life, love, and freedom in this powerful Academy Award winner.   Charlize Theron, Michael Caine, Delroy Lindo, and Erykah Badu all lend  surprisingly strong support in their three-dimensional roles.  &quot;The  Cider House Rules&quot; was snubbed of the Academy Award for Best Picture  this past year, but will live in the hearts of moviegoers forever.  An  American classic if there ever was one.
0783229526|5.0|you think thelma and louise was a good adventure!  try partying with the good doctor himself!  A totally misguided adventure about a drug addict  reporter and his trusty lawyer.<br />a must see for any felon
6301773551|5.0|The original Star Wars was great in 1977, and is still great now. The Special Effects have withstood the test of time and are still enjoyed  today, over 20 years later. Not the best film in the trilogy (Return of the  Jedi) but still a great movie. If you haven't seen this movie I recommend  it!
B00003CXDV|5.0|I did not go see this movie willingly.  The previews looked stupid, and  all I thought was, &quot;oh no, not another corny Tim Allen movie&quot;.   Boy, was I wrong!  The movie was highly entertaining, and there were  constant laughs throughout.  Sigourny Weaver, Tim Allen, Enrico Colantoni,  and Tony Shalhoub gave outstanding performances.  This smart comedy is a  must-see.
B000005ILF|5.0|I knew the CD itself was out, but I didn't think it would be this good.   Sting always had a tendency of releasing a few of the songs on his CD's,  I'm just surprised that he didn't release as more then he did.   The CD  itself begins with &quot;Hounds of Winter&quot; which reflects on lost  love, &quot;I Hung My Head&quot; where he sings about a man who made a  mistake that killed a man and himself in the end, and the infamous  &quot;Let Your Soul Be Your Pilot&quot; which pleads with the listener that  when all is lost, look to your spirituality for guidence. Surprisingly  there was a verse of that song that I never heard before in it, so I was  pleased to hear a different version.     The CD continues with &quot;I was  brought to My Senses&quot; where he sings about finding that he would be  with a woman by different signals in nature that were appearing to him. The  song itself begins with a sort of celtic softness and ends in a jumpy  melody. &quot;You Still Touch Me&quot; comes next with it's uplifting  instrementals and it's haunting lyrics of a man who can't get a former  affair out of his mind. &quot;I'm So Happy I Can't Stop Crying&quot; speaks  of a divorced husband who isn't sure what he's feeling (hence the title)  and &quot;All Four Seasons&quot; about his &quot;baby&quot; who has mood  swings like no body's buisness.   It ends with a beautiful french song  &quot;La Belle Dame Sans Regrets&quot;, a sea faring &quot;Valpariso&quot;,  and a short yet subtle &quot;Lithium Sunset.&quot;   Though each song had  it's own unique, yet vivid and entertaining melody, all songs were somehow  emerged in a sort of rainy day essence. My favorites were mainly &quot;I  Hung My Head&quot; and&quot;You Still Touch me&quot; though all the songs  were very good.  The only song I had an iffy feeling about was  &quot;Lithium Sunsest.&quot; It was a good song while it lasted (2 min. 38  sec.), but i wished more verses would have been written and perhaps a few  less &quot;mercury falling..&quot;'s could have been sung at the end.  I  felt that it was odd how Sting put a relatively weak song at the end of a  wonderful CD such as Mercury Falling, but I guess there is some sort of  other motive he's after.   All in all, my summary of my review goes as  such: Buy the CD...it's worth the money the time and the effort, because  once you start listening to it, you will never put it down.
B00004THAY|5.0|This is a very great blues album, Clapton is the best guitar player in the  world forever and ever, and a duo album with BB King is an interesting  musical document. To me the best tracks of this album are &quot;Come Rain  or Come Shine&quot;, and a wonderful acoustic version of &quot;Worried Life  Blues&quot;.
0393317552|5.0|As I write this, some 250 reviewers have preceded me. The last thing this  book needs is my opinion as the 251st. The reviews have been educational  and interesting, but in quibbling over details they miss the point of this  book. Diamond has proposed an interesting new thesis and has supported it  with a huge group of interesting examples. It's worth reading to consider  the thesis and see if it bears scrutiny. To my way of thinking, it does. Is  it the final answer to the question: &quot;Why did civilization advance in  &quot;the West&quot; instead of somewhere else?&quot; I guess not. Has  Diamond identified some key pieces of the puzzle? You bet!
6305428557|5.0|This film is in my DVD collection.  Did it have a lot of special effects on the DVD vs. VHS?  No.  But it does have the perfect picture of a DVD and  the Perfect storyline of a Perfect British (Welsh) comedy. This film was  absolutely spiritual on so many levels.  Not only did it touch upon the  typical &quot;Why Work Stinks&quot; theme, but it touches upon Love,  Friendship, Loyalty, and working in unison toward a greater cause than the  mere cause of self.        I am neither eloquent of words, nor even  spelling, but I do know, as a married man, what moves me and what stirs my  spirit towards greatness, and this film inspires both.  If you are an  Historian of WWI, a lover of Britain, or even a lover of the human  condition, then this film belongs...no, DEMANDS...to be in your collection.  The spirit of community manifests itself in this film.  Being that I am a  member of the modern era, the spirt shown here is but a DREAM of what we  should be.  At once the movie is hopeful for what is about to unfold, and  sad; at the thought of what we have lost since the simple times of WW I.       I would encourage every serious comedy AND drama lover to add this DVD to  their collection.  I would stake my honor upon the fact that this  delightful film is for everyone.  What does it take to enlighten you?   Love?  Honor?  Respect? Humor?  Dignity? This film has all AND MORE.   No  one can experience this film and walk away unaffected unless your heart is  a cold piece of unfeeling ice.  My advice for all macho men watching this  with their wives?   Keep a tissue handy in the dark to wipe away that sad  or happy tear without your significant other seeing your humanity.
B000002KH3|5.0|I love Van Halen. I love their debut! It is certainly a classic one. Their cover of &quot;You Really Got Me&quot; is classic, &quot;Running With the  Devil&quot;, &quot;Jamie's Crying&quot;, Ain't Talkin' 'Bout Love&quot; are  the best, and the others are classics too. If you like metal, you'll love  this!
B000025RAU|4.0|At last... an American film that pulls aside the curtain to reveal disturbing -and realistic- social elements, but does not try to &quot;lift  you up&quot; with a false happy ending.  This is an excellent film.  When I  want to feel better I'll play with my dog, but when I want to THINK and  FEEL give me well-written films such as &quot;Chinatown.&quot;
B00003CXDU|5.0|The stars of a cult television series are recruited by real aliens to help save them, in \\"Galaxy Quest,\\" a top-notch parody from director Dean  Parisot.  For four years it was a hit show, the crew of the NSEA ship  \\"Protector\\" keeping the Universe safe on a weekly basis; then it was  canceled.  Now, twenty years later, actor Jason Nesmith (Tim Allen), better  known as Commander Peter Quincy Taggert, and four other members of his  \\"crew\\" are on the convention circuit.  When he is approached by a small  contingent of aliens (they've taken on human form, or course) at \\"Quest  18,\\" he understandably looks upon them as just so many more obsessed fans.   The next day, however, they show up at his home; soon Jason is aboard their  ship in deep space, where he discovers that their entire civilization,  apparently, is based upon the \\"Historical documents\\" (weekly episodes) of  \\"Galaxy Quest\\" they've intercepted over the air waves.  They also have the  real technology by which they are capable of inter-galactic space travel,  and have built an actual version of the \\"Protector.\\"  What they lack is  leadership; a true Commander.  They simply do not possess the wherewithal  to oppose the aggression of the evil Sarris (Robin Sachs) who is  threatening the very existence of their race.  Jason returns to earth to  gather the rest of his crew, and they're off to \\"negotiate\\" with Sarris;  Jason being the only one who knows that it's all real.  The others agree to  come along only because they think Jason has scored a good gig and they  don't want to be left out.  After all, work is work;  you take what you can  get.  It takes a number of things to make a movie like this work, not  the least of which is the right cast; and this one more than fits the bill.   Tim Allen lends just the right amount of bravura and ego to make his Jason  believable, while demonstrating the restraint needed to prevent him from  becoming overblown into a mere caricature.  Alan Rickman is perfect as the  dourBritish thespian, Sir Alexander Dane, who portrayed the Spock-like Dr.  Lazarus in the show, as is Sigourney Weaver (Gwen DeMarco), the actress who  had little else to do on the show but look good.  Tony Shalhoub (Fred  Kwan), imbues his character with a singular eccentricity which adds that  \\"something extra\\" that makes him so memorable, and Daryl Mitchell (Tommy  Webber) is engaging as the pilot who finally gets to do it for real (and  much to his chagrin, initially).  But the versatile Sam Rockwell (Guy  Fleegman) very nearly steals the show as the actor who only appeared in  \\"Episode 81\\" as \\"Crewman #6\\" (and was killed off before the first  commercial), and who is thrilled to finally be one of the \\"crew.\\"  At least  until things start going for real much as they did in that fatal (for him)  episode 81.  Rounding out the supporting cast are Patrick Breen (Quellek),  Missi Pyle (Laliari), Jed Rees (Teb), Justin Long (Brandon), and Enrico  Colantoni, who does an especially fine job of bringing Mathesar, the leader  of the aliens, to life.    Parisot must be given credit for not  resorting to slapstick nor playing the comedy too broadly here, either of  which could easily have been an option with a project like this (and would  have been to the detriment of the film).  Instead he has taken an  intelligent (and very funny) screenplay and made the most of it.  The  timing is excellent, and the action tight.  Writers David Howard and Robert  Gordon have sprinkled detailed bits throughout the film, with which Star  Trek fans especially will be able to identify, and they have managed to  capture the look and \\"feel\\" of the original Star Trek series, particularly  in the scene which takes place on the alien planet.  \\"Star Trek\\" may have  been the main course, but now \\"Galaxy Quest\\" is the delicious dessert; and,  as such, it will keep you coming back for more.  This is a movie you will  want to watch over and over again, without ever tiring of it.  As Commander  Taggert would say, \\"Never give up, never surrender.\\"
B00003CXFU|5.0|Erin Brockovich is by far one of Julie Roberts' best films to date.  Julia  captivates the audience by portraying the insatiable human spirit of Erin  Brockovich.  She proved that regardless of skill, with enough determination  and drive that anyone can make a difference.<br />Albert Finney (last seen in  Delivering Milo and Breakfast of Champions) plays an excellent role of  Attorney Ed Masry. Finney should win an award for best supporting Actor of  the year for his work in this film. <br />Erin Brockovich is a true, rags to  riches story, that is powerful and moving.  Julia will have you compelled  to see what happens next.<br />Bottomline... this movie is one of Julia  Roberts' best movies to date, and well worth a purchase.  Buy this one!!
6301967992|3.0|I first watched this film on television in 1988, and it was a trimmed 90-minute version.  This was exactly how the film became at the time of its  release!  Without the consent of Roman Polanski, the film was heavily cut  by at least 20 minutes, added with a ridiculous cartoon before the opening  credits, and yet I found this version very interesting.<br />Just a few years  ago, I had the chance to see the director's cut - the original 110-minute  (approx?) version.  I finally understood why the film had been cut so  heavily.  The original version sounded overlong and even tiresome to  me!<br />Undoubtedly, the film's message is a masterpiece.  It is about how a  professor who thinks himself to be doing the world a favour finally  destroys the world - very insightful, very political, and quite a parallel  to the situation of a certain government!<br />However, the problem of the  film (original version) is that Polanski tries too hard to provide equal  chance of performance for all characters.  The innkeeper who hospitalizes  the professor and his assistant, and later becomes half-human,  half-vampire, appears much more frequently than he should.  The excitement  of the final escape is simply destroyed by the pointless reappearance of  the innkeeper with his mistress in the castle.  During the final escape,  the professor stops to analyze the species of the bets!  This is totally  unconvincing!  The hunchback is yet another problematic character.  By the  end, the audience can hardly follow his psychological change.  He is  sometimes helping the vampires and sometimes helping the humans, but this  is very unclear to the audience.  Is this bad acting? Or the result of bad  direction?<br />By the time of the film's release, everyone would think that  it was unfair to cut the film without Polanski's consent.  But was it cut  because of its imperfection?  I wonder.  I only know that the trimmed  version sounds better to me.
B00003CX95|4.0|Braveheart is an excellent movie which achieves its goal of entertaining the viewer - no mean feat when you consider it is 3 hours in length and  could easily have turned into a turgid piece of celluloid as dour as our  weather. Of course, the film has some (supposed) historical inaccuracies,  but given that historians of this and any age often have their own  political agendas then who can say for sure what did or did not take place.  I noticed in one previous review someone was berating  Mel Gibsons  twentieth century Glaswegian accent. I was just wondering what the  alternative was - thirteenth century Gaelic, anyone? I also couldn't help  but smile at all the poor scores awarded by reviewers from England. I mean,  imagine having the audacity to portray  rapers and pillagers as evil -  whatever is the world coming to.
B000002J1S|5.0|Consummate Genesis - While all the early work (avec Gabriel) was truly chartering new grounds of &quot;sound&quot;, &quot;Broadway&quot; is this  band's true crescendo! It is the Best and the last of the truly  &quot;Great&quot; Genesis compositions - No offense to you Collins groupies  - Gabriel was what Genesis was truly supposed to be all about, FROM THE  BEGINNING! This is THE definitive Genesis album. Listen, think and learn!  IT is true, it is RAEL! (Real?) While there were flashes of the band's  genius post Gabriel, that included albums with the band and Steve Hackett,  alas about the release of &quot;Duke&quot; ended the beginning.... Sorry,  &quot;Su-Su-SSSudiooo... fans&quot;  Additionally, please read the credits  by the band. There is a musical credit given to &quot;Enossification&quot;.  Some sounds and subliminal treatments are painted in this album by none  other than Brian Eno - thus beginning a Gabriel/Eno collaboration that can  be heard in some works by these two Masters (Check out: Peter Gabriel II,  Security, and more!).Enjoy y'all... P.S. I think Chester Thompson was a  better Drummer than Phil anyway.... OOOOoooooo!
B00000K19E|4.0|The true test of any movie is how it fairs after you have watched it several times - and on this count &quot;The Matrix&quot; just doesnt have  the necessary staying power to make it an enduring Sci-fi classic. This is  a shame, as Larry Fishburne's performance as Techno-sage Morpheus is truly  mesmeric, a kind of Kung Fu Obi Wan Kenobi sans light-sabre. Its Reeves'  lifeless (yet accurate?) potrayal of a Hacker which does the most damage to  the film, but the blatant disregard for the laws of physics at the start of  the film before the viewer is made aware that this isn't the 'real' world  but is a computer-generated one could also put some people off. But hey,  its not all bad news as the action scenes are eminently watchable, and any  film that can succeed in making hacking/hackers look interesting must have  something going for it.
078322608X|5.0|Usually I dont like Bruce Willis, hes to silly-macho;) But this movie rules!  I really love it, and also Brad Pitt is a really supergood actor.
0553280325|5.0|There are so many levels to this novel, so many important subplots that to  dismiss this book as an &quot;evil carnie&quot; story would be totally  irrelevant and unfair. The evil- and this book defines evil, it hits the  nail on the head- takes so many forms and affects so many people; but here  are the most important:... 1) Jim and Will's friendship. They're best  friends, but they're obviously spereated by their characters. Will has been  brought up by both his parents; he's thoughtful, a little neurotic; shy,  conservative and introverted. Jim is the opposite. He was brought up only  by his mother, his father left when he was little; he's outgoing,  impulsive, daring, eager to grow up, leave the past behind. Bradbury  expresses their differences several ways: Wills' blond, Jim's dark-haired;  Will was born one minute before Halloween, Jim's one minute after. And even  though he's older, Will always feels he's behind Jim. Like Jim's always in  a rush to grow up, leave Will behind... there's symbolism in a scene where  Will's running after Jim, and Jim's constantly slowing down for Will. This  is important when the carnival comes to town, because Jim, perhaps anxious  for a father figure, is easily swayed in going with the carnival. In Star  Wars, Jim would turn to the dark side, and Will the light... 2) Will's  fathers age. Mr. Halloway feels like he's grown up too fast; and now, in  his fifties, he believes that he's never done anything with his life. He  feels particularly ashamed that he's never been there for Will: never young  enough to play ball with him, run with him, climb with him. And now he's  afraid that Will doesn't love him anymore, and is gradually turning into  his father. Mr. Halloway bears a mental load on his back of age and regret.  Bradbury does a wonderful job here, as in all his stories, of really  communicating a man's personal fears and longings. You really side with Mr.  Halloway, because his insecurities and insights are the same as ours. You  feel his angst, and when the carnival comes beckoning, offering him the  chance to be young again, you can truly understand his dilemma... This is  really a novel about the evil which resides in us all, merely manifested  into something tangible. It's about humanity: their desires, fears,  longings, insecurities, regrets, and how we can't let go of them. This is a  horror book, not it the sense of ghouls and goblins (though there's plenty  of that); it's a horror book about the stuff inside of us, and what we  don't express to the ones we love. This is my favorite book, and might just  be yours once you read it.
B00003CWN2|4.0|Boys Don't Cry certainly deserves praise for its many fine performances - although most of the actors did not have much to work with. Only Brandon and Lana are written with depth, and even they could have been written with more depth. But Swank and Sevigny did Oscar-worthy work with what they were given. Swank in particular deserves kudos for getting through some of the film's more brutal moments. <br />After seeing the movie, however, questions remain. More about Brandon's background would have been particularly interesting and helpful - perhaps a scene of seeking help earlier in life.<br />That said, the story of the last few days of Brandon's life is one that should be told. And here it is told well. The gritty style of filming matches the bleakness of all its protagonists' lives. The brutality of Brandon's rape, its aftermath, and the subsequent murders are as horrifying as anything I have seen on film. Despite the horror of the murder, Brandon is not quite depicted as a martyr. (S)He does make serious mistakes throughout the movie, and at times it is difficult to feel sympathy for Brandon even if it is clear that this is a person with few choices that could really lead to any permanent sort of happiness. That is the source of my sympathy for Brandon.
B00000FZ1V|5.0|I'm a young film student and study alot of movies, so most find it hard to believe that Ghostbusters is my favorite movie.  Most people think of  Ghostbusters a silly kids movie before they even sit down and watch it.   This is why Ghostbusters isn't given the credit it deserves.  I hope that I  can show you why this movie is comparable to Citizen Kane.    When I was a  kid this was my favorite movie, but I never really understood the movie for  what it was.  As I grew up, I had grown apart from the movie.  My favorite  was Mr.Smith goes to Washington.  My tastes started to become that of a  snoby film critic,who's head is so far up their own a@! that they totaly  miss the point of what a movie should be.  Not some over the top artsy  movie made only to win an oscar, but a simple sense of genius made to  give  enjoyment to the fans.  Movies made not to win awards, but to win smiles.  By writers,directors,actors, and the whole crew,who don't care if the  movies critticaly aclaimed or dumped upon. Just as long the everyday person  enjoys it, and because they enjoyed working on it.  It's amazing I was able  to figure this out, since my teacher was like all those critics.    Why is  Ghostbusters so great?  Let me reasure you that if you have any doubts  about this movie that you can not be dissapointed!  This is one of the  reasons this movie is so great. It doesn't matter weather you're 6,16,or  even 60 you will enjoy this movie.  Ghostbusters has something in it for  everybody.  No matter your intrest.  Weather it be ghosts,ghostbusting,  comic books, comedy, sci-fi, action, actors that compliment eachother on  stage,theateratrical genius, movies that don't make you say,&quot;that was  so fake&quot;,or don't make you try and figure out how something like that  happened, movies that give you something to talk about afterward,movies  that you spot something new everytime(trust me I've seen it more then 100  times and I still pick up on things), movies that never get old, or movies  that don't have boaring parts,or slow moving scenes,witty comedy,or movies  you can enjoy with the whole family.  Even if you like scientificly true  movies,or don't believe in ghosts(I don't either), Ghostbusters has a very  sound science to it.  There is a great website that has a very detailed  report on the science of it.  So you see know how old you are, or what you  like you will enjoy this movie.     I have argued this movie's  singnificance in class time and time agian.  Ghostbusters comes up often in  class,and not just by me.  This movie has an example of almost every  technique in it.  It's montage is one of the most famous in movie history.      Well, I know I said alot,but Ghostbusters deserves it.  I also hope I've  helped you make your decision about this movie.  I didn't really get to the  plot, but I think I've said enough.  Thanks for reading my thoughts.  Now  buy the movie and see if you agree with me.
0790729725|5.0|There are so many great scenes in this movie and the tempo is perfect through out the film. The scene when DeNiro as Jimmy &quot;The Gent&quot;  is going to kill Murray is so great because it just shows DeNiro, and he is  just looking at the camera, not saying anything, and you know exactly what  he is thinking. The scene when Henry Hill takes Karen to the club is such a  long scene and there isn't a cut in it, that scene is a masterpiece!  You  can feel the paranoia Henry feels when he sees the helicopter. The  Scorsese, DeNiro, Pesci combo is a great dance that we hope will never end.  The only thing missing is a Director Commentary by Marty!
B00004R99U|1.0|Do not buy this disc!  I loved Pocahontas so much and was terribly afraid when I heard of a sequal.  There was no way to get around the historical  accuracy issue since her life after John Smith wasn't fun or happy at all.  Disney had to bastardize history just to make it.  Then they went and gave  it unlistenable songs, cheap jokes and Don Bluth-like animation.  Gross!  This is true not only of Pocahontas II, but ALL the direct to viedo  sequals!  Disney has to stop making these cheap knock off's of their  features!  If there's really a story to tell after the feature then they  should take the time to develop it and make it as grand as the first.  Like  PIXAR did with Toy Story 2.
0767810856|4.0|This is a touching tale, a tale of two good people that you feel for.  I would have given it five stars, but it is a bit hard to believe that they  can be so good.  If you're willing to accept that in NYC there is a cop who  is not only honest, but also truly believes in doing what's right then  you'll really enjoy this movie.
B00004SCX6|1.0|I can understand her feelings and thoughts on her 1999 album, but this album is totally trash. Her songs are really short, and most songs have  talking in it which isn't called music. And her CD doesn't look like good  music, but it looks like she is using her appearance to sell it. DO NOT BUY  THIS CD!
B00000DGUG|5.0|Supposed FI Junkie is definetely one of my 3 favorite CDS, I bought it  almost 3 years ago and I still listen to it constantly, a nice variation of  music, it doesn't all sound the same like a lot of artists, and there's a  wide variety of sounds throughout the whole album, I'd definetely reccomend  buying SFIJunkie- if you liked Jagged Little Pill, you'll like this
B000002KOQ|5.0|I've always thought that the soul of the sixties was the amazing music  that was produced in that decade. We had so many talented artists in that  era that just by listening to the music you can learn the strange history  of that colorful, decade. Miss Joni Mitchell was  perhaps the  Princess of  it all!<br />This cd, Ladies of the Canyon, is by far my favorite Joni  Mitchell album... containing songs such as &quot;Big Yellow Taxi&quot;,  &quot;Morning Morgantown&quot;, and one of the best songs EVER in my book  &quot;The Circle Game&quot;. The only song missing is &quot;Case of  you&quot;!<br />This cd is definetly an artifact of what we call the golden  years... the bittersweet sixties.
B00003CXA6|5.0|As a civil war reenactor, I belong to a group of people who put a great deal of effort into teaching the real story, and not just what is in the  school history books which are mostly all onesided, and too politically  correct. But this is the movie that I suggest new reenactors to watch to  get a real feeling for the civil war. And hope that we will all have a  chance to learn about this great struggle, and get beyond the lies and make  sure this never happens again, while still being proud of our ancestors for  dying for what they believe in.
B000002KHY|5.0|When this song came out in cd version back in 1988 (back when I was not a  bit older then four, and my sister eight) my parents bought this cd to play  to us on a road trip, our little lullabye. Well as soon as the road trip  was over, the two of us still had to listen to this song at night. My  sisters room was on the opposite side of the hall as mine, and everynight  we'd put a cd player in the hallway between our rooms to put us to sleep.  However throughout the years that nightly ritual died away. Two years ago  when my sister went off to college... I bought her a present, this cd, and  she tells me to this day she still listens to it when she can't sleep, and  so do I.<br />This cd may not have as much sentimental value to you as it does  to me, but that doesn't take away from what a truly amazing album it is.  From &quot;Sweet Baby James&quot;, to &quot;You've got a Friend&quot; this  is my favorite cd ever. James Taylor as gone through many tough things  throughout the years... but he remains one of the most talented preformers  of his time. The 70's would not have been the same without him... (how  would I know, right? I'm just 16!)<br />This cd is not for a fun rockin'  listen... unless you replay the awesome &quot;Steamroller&quot; (track  number 12) over, and over. This cd is full of beautiful ballads that will  mellow you out, and make you happy. My life wouldn't be the same without  this cd... and as soon as you buy it, neither will yours!
B000002UJQ|5.0|To put into words the majesty and awesome breadth and depth and fun of this 12 track is impossible you cannot do it let down and hanging around  jingly guitar solos corrupt basslines fightening insect noises collisions  abductions it's so hard to breath to escape to live to die is the only way  to get through the corporatised nursery rhyme we call living now what this  has to do with the album is simple it touches on all these themes and  squeezes them out into difficulttodigest songs that when put together on  the same disc are bound to cause some trouble but also enlightenment as  well is dumbfoundedness the music is revolutionary in its scope and  ambition and depth and it tickles me inside everytime I hear Paranoid  Android Aaaaambition anyone?
B000002WYT|5.0|Little did I know when I bought this cd that I never heard of, (No... I  wasn't living under a rock!) That it would begin an untamed obsession with  the Dave Matthews Band!<br />All of the hits on this cd are amazing, there's  not one song on this cd that should be skipped, they are all FANTASTIC!  Some of the most popular songs on this cd are &quot;So much to say&quot;,  &quot;Two Step&quot;, &quot;Crash Into me&quot;, and &quot;Tripping  Billies&quot;. My own personal favorite is &quot;Let you down&quot;.<br />You  will NOT be disappointed in this cd, another great DMB album to add to your  collection is Dave Matthews, and Tim Reynolds live at Luther College...  happy listening!
B00004T9UF|5.0|I find Eminems albums hillarious, I think of it as amusing while I can still understand that it is not real and if it is I dont want to know about  it. I am not a huge rap fan for the simple fact that I cant relate to most  of it but if you are mature enough to listen to this and take it with a  grain of salt I would recommend it. ... By the way I wouldnt let my kids listen to this  either.ven more spectacular than his major label debut.  Every song on the  CD was amazing, except for #9 Remember Me and #15 B*tch Please.  I never  thought he could top his debut but he did.<br />The skits are very funny too.   Standout songs are The Way I Am, Stan, Kim, Marshall Mathers and Criminal.   A track by track rating would be helpful so I will provide mine!<br />1.  Public Service Announcement 2000 -good intro<br />2. Kill You -A very funny  song saying that if you mess with eminem, he'll kill you.  He disses women  in the song but later says he's just kidding.  9.5/10<br />3. Stan -this song  is a masterpiece about an obsessive fan who thinks that everything eminem  says is true.  He writes eminem letters and gets mad when he doesn't  getting a reply, kind of tragic too. Listen and see what happens!   10/10<br />4. Paul -short skit<br />5. Who Knew -A song about how eminem never  thought parents would blame him for their kid's problems.  8/10<br />6. Steve  Berman -very funny skit about how eminems CD is worthless and no one will  listen to it.<br />7. The Way I Am -A song about eminem and the how he is and  he can't change.  Probably my favourite song on the CD.  10/10<br />8. The  Real Slim Shady -very catchy song, disses a lot of people and is very  funny, not the type of song you'll find more of on this CD though.  9/10<br />9. Remember Me? -my least favourite song on the CD, the guest rapper  on the song annoys me! That's all I can Say!  6/10<br />10.I'm Back -A song  about basically eminem is back!  8.5/10<br />11.Marshall Mathers -A song about  how everyone doubted him before and now they care about him that he's big,  boy and girl bands are dissed in a parody of LFO's Summer Girls.  ICP also  gets a huge diss, a verse if devoted to them! 9.6/10<br />12.Ken Kaniff -A  skit where the infamous ken Kaniff get's his d**k su*ked by the  ICP!<br />13.Drug Ballad -catchy dance songs that talks a bit about drug  addiction<br />14.Amityville -a song about Detroit and how bad it is for  crime. pretty good 9/10<br />15 B*tch Please II -another song I disliked,  features Dr. Dre and Snoop Dogg.  I just didn't like it!<br />16.Kim -a  somewhat disturbing (to say the least) song! where eminem kills kim because  she was cheating on him.  Not for a little kids, worth a listen though.   10/10<br />17.Under the Influence -A song that basically says if u don't like  eminem you can suck his d**k! 9/10<br />18.Criminal -a catchy song, pokes fun  at gays, has a catchy chorus, good intro, and a kool bank robbing skit.  10/10<br />Well that's all I have to say about this Masterpiece. Buy it now,  you will not regret, if you usually don't like rap, like me, you might be  surprised how much you like this CD.  Give it a try and remember not to  talk Eminem seriously!  And also the people he disses deserve to be!
0440219078|5.0|I read this book a few years ago, and I still remember the impact it had on me. &quot;The Giver&quot; is wonderfully written, and has a good message to it.  It's one of those books that you finish, and the begin to look for  other books writen by the author.  I have read a couple of Lois Lowry, and  I think that she is a great author; I especially love her descriptive  technique of writing.  I would recommend this book to anyone who interested  in a good read.  Allthough almost any age could enjoy it, I think that  maybe 6th grade and up would appretiate it more.  This is a great book, and  I encourage everyone to read it!
0671034065|5.0|While I've always been a fan of Linda Howard's thrilling books, Mr.  Perfect is one of her best yet!  Few authors can combine rib-cracking humor  and exciting suspense in one romance.  Thanks, Linda, for writing this  highly entertaining, hilarious, and scary read all into one package!  I  loved it. Denise A. Agnew, best selling author of BRIDGE THROUGH THE MIST
0671042858|5.0|I thought that this book was told very well.  At times you thought that it was going to be hard for Trisha to get out of the woods.  King told the  story great by using many things throughout the woods that were helpful to  her and harmful to her.  The book ended quickly but other than that this  book is great!
0380788624|3.0|First off, I want to say that I have really enjoyed Neal's previous works,  his articles in Wired magazine and especially Snow Crash. However, this one  fell a little short of my expectations. It all starts off well enough, and  it really held my interest for a long while. But I think it would have been  well enough if the book had been about 200 pages shorter, maybe more.  Neal's technical explanations as usual are excellent, but I think there was  a lot of rehashing of old material, and maybe too much focus on technical  matters, and less on action. Neal provides neat graphs and examples of  cryptographic matters, but I think there was a definate lull by the middle  of the novel, where not much was happening. I kept turning the pages,  hoping for the story to pick up again. There are some valuable points in  the book however, and certainly reading this book made me wonder about the  future of privacy, the Internet and the usual subjects of Neal's writing.  In conclusion: Thought provoking, great starter, a bit long, and lacking  action gives this book a 3 star from me. Still looking forward to Neal's  next book!
B000002UJQ|5.0|Very rarely an album is composed that transcends the format and becomes a free-standing work, freed from the constraints of individualized radio  songs and conventional production techniques.  OK Computer is all the more  remarkable because it achieves this separation from the &quot;record&quot;  not once but twice; this album has two perfect halves separated by the  jarring (and over-the-top) commentary of &quot;Fitter Happier,&quot; which  also conveniently serves to remind you that the band doesn't take itself  too seriously.  But taken as whole OK Computer also emerges as a thoughtful  and coherent piece; there are really three distinct albums here, each with  its own distinctive rhythm.  In the end, though, it is magisterial songs  like Karma Police that shine out and reveal the true genius of Radiohead.   Depressing, paranoid, and dark, OK Computer is a bleak whisper about the  modern world.  Why then does it feel so peaceful to listen to it?  This  basic tension, which underlies all of Radiohead's work, reveals more about  us that we might be prepared to accept.
0881033332|4.0|This is a fairly good book--it presents its story effectively, and it shows how the world at large often views people who are \\"so poor  [they] can only buy one candy bar a year,\\" like Charlie Bucket.  As a  matter of fact, I could only find one thing wrong with it: Charlie has no  faults!  He seems to be the superhumanly good type of kid some parents held  up to their own children as an example; i. e., \\"Why in the world can't  you be more like X?\\" and who is hated by every other kid in the  neighborhood as a result.  My advice: buy the movies, because this is one  time the Hollywood version of a story is actually an improvement over the  original.
B00003W8NM|5.0|This is one of the best movies i've seen in the last 5 years. The idea of two actors playing different sides of the hero's character hits you and  then the actors voice says &quot;This moment is called the turnover, when  the audience got the idea and they don't have any clue of what is going to  happen&quot;. even if you try, you can't get deep into all the nuances in  the first view, and you must see the movie again to get it right. In my  opinion the shock level reminds &quot;The sixth sense&quot;, but here it is  much more complicated, and better developed after the shock. The actors are  great, mostly Brad Pete, who flicks at the begining of the movie a few  times as a reminder for the more to come. GO AND SEE
B00001NFCY|1.0|Forgettable.  You know, there are some great lead singers out there, but  this monotone gets old FAST!  You just can't keep this one in for too many  plays.<br />If this is what you're listening to this decade, I feel sorry for  you. Having been there during the best years of rock &amp; roll (Beatles,  Stones, Zep, Black Sabbath, Creedence, Fleetwood, Eagles,...all the up  through U2) I can tell you that the only band today that is guaranteed to  stand the test of time is Matchbox 20, because the music is melodic, and  the band is led by a singer/songwriter.<br />Can you take me higher?  Not with  this album.  Trade in material in 3 months at best.
B000003TAW|5.0|You all can forget about KoRn, Metallica, etc. Weezer is a band that will  never die. And their s/t is perhaps one of the greatest things to come  since KFC. An awesome record. These guys need more recognition for making a  record like this. A must buy.
B000002J0P|1.0|If we're going to back to 1969, let's talk about the finishing touch of  Abbey Road, or the sheer anger of Led Zeppelin's &quot;Communication  Breakdown&quot; or John Fogarty's &quot;Fortunate Son&quot;.  These guys  did NOTHING until Neil Young came along to rescue them with  &quot;Ohio&quot;. There's nothing here.  &quot;Suite Judy Blue Eyes&quot;  is one of the longest, most boring songs ever.  And if this is the best CD  in your collection, I feel sorry for you.
B00001OH82|5.0|Around 1983 many Bowie fans they thought they had complete control over Bowie's career.  The sound of &quot;Let's Dance&quot; was the sound they  wanted to hear, and they figured Bowie would do whatever his following  wished.  Apparently these fans were nowhere to be found when David Bowie  ditched Ziggy Stardust and moved to Berlin a few years later.  In 1984 when  &quot;Tonight&quot; was released, the &quot;Let's Dance&quot; mainstream  fans were appalled and disappointed.  They knew nothing about musical  experiments and David Bowie's genre hopping.  All they knew was that they  wanted a pop album with shallow lyrics that required little to no thinking.   After all, thinking hurts.  The few fans that stayed around for  &quot;Tonight&quot; were treated with the single of &quot;Blue Jean&quot;  and &quot;Loving The Alien.&quot;  Although not nearly as popular as 1983's  &quot;Let's Dance,&quot; &quot;Tonight&quot; was yet just another David  Bowie experiment.  Many fans came back for the cute ditty of  &quot;Labyrinth.&quot;  A children's movie with David Bowie could not be  believed until it was seen.  The soundtrack was a modest success with the  love anthem &quot;As The World Falls Down,&quot; and the fun &quot;Chilly  Down.&quot; The year 1987 would be a disaster for many Bowie diehards, 1987  brought the release of &quot;Never Let Me Down.&quot; Almost identical to  Iggy Pop's &quot;Blah Blah Blah,&quot; which was co-produced and written  David Bowie, &quot;Never Let Me Down&quot; was a big drop and wake up call  for Bowie and his career.  Although every song is enjoyable to listen to,  and any other artist besides Bowie would have gained at least minor  recognition for an album of the same material, Bowie fans were just  expecting what they had been wishing for, a nostalgic return to Ziggy  Stardust.  This did not happen.  In 1989, Bowie formed a band called Tin  Machine, with the Sales brothers and an incredible guitarist named Reeves  Gabrels.  This was toomuch for many fans, 2 terrible albums and now a  band!  But this was just another musical experiment.  Every song seems to  speak to the listener directly.  The opening track, &quot;Heaven's In  Here&quot; is just simple and straightforward rock-and-roll. Maybe this  informal simplicity was what made many fans uncomfortable with &quot;Tin  Machine.&quot;  A technique commonly used by Lou Reed, but certainly never  been thought by David Bowie.  But David is a person that must try  everything.  The title track is strong and solid, but probably not the  best.  &quot;Tin Machine&quot; talks of David and the boys in an  uncomfortable atmosphere and wanting to get out.  They are feeling as  though they don't belong.  A feeling Bowie has cared with him his entire  life.  &quot;Prisoner of Love&quot; is another love ballad that maybe Tin  Machine's answer to Bowie classics such as &quot;Heroes&quot; and &quot;As  The World Falls Down.&quot;  &quot;Crack City&quot; is unmistakably where  Bowie felt he was at the time of &quot;Young Americans&quot; and  &quot;Station To Station's&quot; release.  He was completely addicted to  crack, and thing were at rock bottom.  With his career up in the air, Bowie  was hit with a sudden blow of reality before finally moving to Berlin to  get his act back together.  &quot;I Can't Read&quot; tells the tale of one  day not being able to read and write.  Then being shunned from society, and  being forced into poverty and living a grim and horrible life.  &quot;Under  The God&quot; gives his fans a mere glimpse at Bowie's religious side.  A  big surprise that such a song was included on the album, &quot;Under The  God&quot; is a pretty and soothing piece of rock.  &quot;Amazing&quot;  sounds like John Lennon's song writing joining up with Tin Machine.  This  song is indeed &quot;amazing,&quot; and for many good reasons.  The song is  so rich and fertile in lyrics that you get swept away into creativeness and  brilliance.  &quot;Working Class Hero&quot; is an overdue tribute to John  Lennon, and a very successful one.  Numerous band have covered songs like  &quot;Working Class Hero&quot; and &quot;Imagine&quot; most are an  embarrassment and shame is put on the artist.  Yet as David Bowie proved  with 1973's &quot;Pin Ups&quot; David is perfectly comfortable singing  foreign songs.  &quot;Bus Stop,&quot; although extremely short in length,  serves as a huge impact on the album, its lyrics prove to us that David  Bowie has a religious side and can still poke fun of organized religion.   &quot;Pretty Thing&quot; is a poignant song in its own right and has great  and low peaks all in the same song.  Although fairly streaky, it's an  enjoyable and entertaining song.  &quot;Video Crime&quot; is by far the  most talked about and most direct song on the album.  It discusses violence  and its effect and society, especially amongst children.  &quot;Run&quot;  is a great song, and most close to &quot;Let's Dance's&quot; sound, more  than anything else anyway.  &quot;Sacrifice Yourself,&quot; which might be  a bit repetitive and draining is yet still a pleasant and typical song for  the album.  The last track is, to my belief, the strongest track on the  album.  &quot;Baby Can Dance&quot; talks of an underage girl picking up  older men and then blaming them for coming on to her.
B000002U82|3.0|This is an acceptable enjoyable piece; probably the best that Pink Floyd  could attain.  What is tragic is the cultish aura that surrounds this band,  who never did reach the heights of the greats of their time.  Memorable,  yes, but more in the vein of Boston or ELO than the Beatles or Led  Zeppelin.  For those enjoy contemplating lesser things, O.K.  But there's  better music elsewhere.  As far as pure Pink Floyd though, this is about as  good as any.  3-stars.
0792845684|5.0|This is my 2nd favorite John Carpenter movie (Starman is my 1st).  One thing you should know is that at the time, Kurt Russell was not a bankable  star.  In fact he wasn't even an action hero yet, having still come off the  cheesy Disney movies he did earlier in his career.  Carpenter, who  previously had cast Russell in the made for TV movie, Elvis, found Kurt  such a delight to work with that he wanted him for this film (and then,  right after that, The Thing) but studio executives weren't so sure.   Finally, thankfully, they gave in and he got the part.  They say that  certain actors have their one director that's their own and vice versa.   Kurt Russell and John Carpenter have this type of working relationship,  collaborating 5 times (Elvis, Escape From New York, The Thing, Big Trouble  In Little China, Escape From L.A.) and in my opinion, this film is the best  of that collaboration.  Set in the distant future (even though actually  we've already come to and passed the specific dates (1988-1997) so just  think of it as an alternate reality or a &quot;What If?&quot;, if you  will), 'Escape begins with the crash landing of Air Force One into New York  City, which is now a prison (&quot;Once you go in you don't come  out.&quot;) following the introduction of Snake Plissken, who we would have  met earlier in a scene that was later deleted of him and his partner  robbing a bank and attempting to escape in a subway car, resulting in  Snake's partner being killed and himself being captured.  Enter Lee Van  Cleef, the man in charge of rescuing the President Of The United States  (played by Donald Pleasence).  What's nice about Lee and Kurt is that you  almost feel like you're watching the classic spaghetti western, For A Few  Dollars More, since Kurt is emulating Clint Eastwood in this character,  something that even Mr. Carpenter himself has admitted to saying.  The  basic story is Snake must go into New York and save the President as well  as recover a cassette tapethat has vital information on it (today it would  have been on a small CD which does make this film feel dated, but who  cares) because if he doesn't, the poisonous capsules that were injected  into his neck will soon desolve and kill him instantly.  You can't make  Snake do anything he doesn't want to do.  You have to force him.  The  character, Snake Plissken has been said to be a person who doesn't really  care about anyone or anything except himself.  I would have to disagree  with that statement because Snake does, in his own way, admire courage,  probably because he sees so very little of it around him.  Along the way he  meets up with some very bizarre characters, including Cabbie (Ernest  Borgnine), the easy going NYC cab driver, The Brain (Harry Dean Stanton), a  man from Snake's past who deserted him years before during a job that went  sour, Maggie (Adrienne Barbeau), Brain's attractive and loyal companion,  and Isaac Hayes as The Duke Of New York (&quot;You're A#1&quot;) who is out  to use the President as a bargaining chip to win his freedom.  I will admit  that some viewers might be a little bored if they grew up watching 90's  action films and like the pace quicker.  This film takes its time but only  to set the mood and bring you into it.  That's a plus for me.  The music  (see my review for the newly remastered edition) adds another dimension to  the film, with Carpenter composing and conducting it himself (in  association with Alan Howarth), setting the mood with lovely synthesizer  sounds and compositions.  This film works because unlike it's sequel (see  my review for Escape From L.A.) this film has depth to it that makes you  care about the characters, whereas in the 2nd film, you really could care  less what happens to them.  Donald Pleasence's machine gun frenzy at the  very end should also not be missed.  Let's just hope MGM releases the  Widescreen (2:35'1) DVD soon and include the extras that were on the New  Line Home Video Laserdisc (Featurette, Theatrical Trailer, Audio Commentary  with Kurt Russell and John Carpenter) and anything else they can come up  with (the complete Deleted Scene of the Atlanta Bank Robbery and Isolated  Score would sure be nice).  Escape From New York: a film not to be missed.  (&quot;Call me Snake.&quot;)
B00000IAU3|5.0|The first I ever heard of Dido was from the song &quot;Stan&quot; from Eminem.  I don't usually listen to rap, and I borrowed the CD from a  friend.  When I heard Dido sing a couple lines in a &quot;cameo&quot;  appearance in that song, I was literally blown away.  Who cares about  Eminem?  I HAD to find out who that woman was, and buy her CD at ANY and  ALL costs.  I was not disappointed.  Dido's CD is one of those few albums  that gets better every time you listen to it.  The songs all grow on you  until you can't stand going through the day without playing her CD at least  once.  I bought this CD 3 months ago, and I still listen to it almost  daily.  What is so incredible about Dido?  Without a shadow of a doubt,  it's her voice.  Her voice should be a national treasure. I must admit that  the lyrics and music to many of her songs are so-so.  However, Dido's  INCREDIBLE voice makes any song amazing. I think with better song material,  Dido could become equal to Celine Dion.  I can't praise her voice enough.   It's so unique, addictive, and indescribable.
B000000JO3|5.0|An absolute must purchase from this trailblazing hardcore band. Minor Threat sound just as aggressive and powerful today as they did back in the  early 80's, and this outstanding release captures all of it, all the bands  fierce material on one CD. From such classics as 'Guilty Of Being White' to  the awesome 'Look Back' And Laugh', this is one release no self-respecting  punk should be without.
B00000420F|5.0|I originally bought this CD because it had a lot of songs that were in the  book that I was studying, &quot;24 Italian Arias and Songs,&quot; but it  turned out that it help me more then JUST teaching me the songs melodies  and words. <br />Cecilia Bartoli has amazing technique; she has a way of  keeping a great intensity in her voice while still keeping it gentle and  soft and she adds her own unique twist on songs while still keeping them in  the Boroque style.  You can also hear the great control and flexibility she  has over her voice when she does runs while still keeping the voices  beautiful &quot;dark color,&quot; which is the technique I idolize most of  all! <br />This is a great CD and I would suggest it to even the first time  opera listeners, the big listeners to opera, but especially the students;  listening to her you can learn so much!
0679805273|5.0|I was surprised that so many other reviews mentioned this book as a great graduation gift.  I had never thought Dr. Seuss related to people other  than children, but when the president of my senior class read this book as  his graduation speech, it was a perfect fit.  &quot;Oh, the Places You'll  Go&quot; not only can be enjoyed by children, adults can find meaning in it  as well as being entertained by it. Whether Dr. Seuss meant for the book to  be so meaningful or not, it is.  I loved it and bought a copy to keep for  myself after hearing it at graduation.  It's a great motivator and  entertainer.
0064407667|5.0|The author, Lemony Snicket, is a delightful entertainer in spite of the horrific events in which the orphans continually find themselves.  Mr.  Snicket's style is, without a doubt, one of the most humorous (and  educational) that I've experienced.  You owe it to yourself and to any  children in your life to read the entire &quot;Series of Unfortunate  Events&quot; (books 1-5) and all future editions as well.  Superbly done,  which in this case, means &quot;extremely fine and excellent&quot;....
6304698542|5.0|Cabaret is an entirely different musical film from those that appeared earlier in the cinemas before Cabaret's release. Cabaret has a very serious  story line that is close to the truth, and the presentation is very  stylized somewhat graphical in that the colors are not muted or very sharp  but have a more contrasty appearance because of the stage lighting. Not  only is the look filled with contrast but the story itself is not just one  even plane but plenty of ups and downs that compliments the cabaret itself.  In other words it tells of a topsy turvy world on stage and in real life  and sometimes mixes both together so we don't know if this is real or  not.<br />    Sally Bowles is completely self-centered, full of ambition and  like most ambitious people does not care about the feelings of anyone  especially her friends, even though they will support her through thick and  thin. She has one goal in mind and that is to be a star or number one, very  similar to the Chancellor of Germany at that time. There is a parallel  philosophy when comparing Sally Bowles and Hitler because both are  extremely ambitious and have a one track mind when pursuing their goals. No  one stands in their way on the road to success.<br />    Cabaret is in fact  two cabarets, one of the physical show and the other is the  performance of   the people outside, although with the clever editing both are entwined so  we are caught off balance when one minute we see a German Jew kicked to  death and then suddenly we are watching a seductive dance routine performed  at the nightclub.<br />    The whole pretence of the cabaret in the movie is  that life goes on or the show goes on as though outside in the Berlin  streets everything is quite normal. All the prejudices that was the pattern  of Germany in the thirties is shown here either in the show or in real life  from the destruction of the Jewish race, communism, homosexuality, \\"living  in sin,\\" abortion, and transvestism, a crazy mixed up world.<br />    Still  this was the last fling at playing before the jackboot took over, and Liza  Minelli, Michael York and Joel Grey played their parts perfectly and I  cannot think of anyone else who could have portrayed these characters  better. Michael York with his quiet boyish naive appearance compliments  Liza Minelli's extrovert character and although we wish for a happy ending  it never happens, a reflection of the immediate future that lay ahead for  Berlin. Joel Gray is Cabaret, because whenever Cabaret crops up he is the  main person I always think of. As a master of ceremonies, a singer, a  dancer or a comedian, with that makeup and tight body dressed in top hat  and tails, he is pure dynamite and in this case who else could play this  part? Just the word willkommen conjures up Joel Gray's made up face and  show girls dressed in Nazi uniforms on the Kit Kat stage.<br />    But despite  the visual impact of Cabaret, and the undertones  of Naziism, the music  makes the film and each tune is a winner. The song Cabaret was always a  show stopper whenever Liza Minelli appeared on stage, and of course Maybe  This Time brought a lasting ovation from her fans. Money, Money is also a  Cabaret number that I recognize immediately whenever I hear it. These three  tunes always bring to my mind that they are purely Cabaret, unlike  Somewhere or Tonight from West Side Story that are love songs and can be  used in other situations.<br />    I saw Cabaret as a stage play three years  before the film was released and I must admit it was tough sitting through  what was a very dry performance. The film in my case, was much easier to  digest and at least with the top stars playing the leading roles and the  music performed professionally, this is the way to go for me when seeing a  famous musical.
0784010528|5.0|So many people have knocked this movie for it's &quot;inaccuracies&quot; but is it really as fictional as some people would have you believe?  Amazingly not. I say amazingly because the very people who make out this  movie to be way off the factual mark are the same people who confirm the  film to be very truthful. One example is Ray Manzarek, the Doors keyboard  player. Ray has confirmed that these scenes in the movie actually happened  as the movie portrayed them:<br />* Jim singing Mooonlight Drive on the beach  in Venice( He even goes on to say that Jim did appear out of the  sunlight!)<br />* Jim refusing to comply with Ed Sullivan and not sing  &quot;Higher&quot; on this TV show.Telling Ed that they are a &quot;Sullen  group&quot; when he tells them to smile.<br />And so on and so  forth....<br />This things are shown in the movie but Mr.Manzarek( Who I have  the greatese respect for)says the depiction is untrue.<br />It's as simple as  this really:<br />If you don't know anything about the Doors, this movie will   inform you and entertain you.<br />All of us die-hard Doors fans and those  people close to Jim will aways have different opinions and views on what  did happen,how and why. But whether you like it or not, this movie IS a  re-production of events that DID happen. Watch and enjoy...
630575067X|1.0|This movie was the worst!  Yeah sure, it had special effects and that is important, but special effects are worthless unless their is acting, good  acting.  This movie has NO ACTING!  I could hardly tell what the... was  going on!  It was a big computer graphics art show.  The only line I  remember is Anakin saying &quot;woopie!&quot; which was pathetic.  Liem  Nieson is a great actor but odviously his talant was wasted in this, not  good directing as far as acting goes.  Special effects were spectacular but  I am sorry(shrug) if you can't have halfway decent acting to put some  feeling into the effects than one star or less is all I'll give your movie.  I liked the game better than the movie, at least you could  interact(somewhat).
B000002VCO|3.0|This was the last APP album to feature 4 or 5 good APP songs. Let's face  it, APP reached their peak with &quot;The Turn of a Friendly Card.&quot;  Sure, &quot;Eye in the Sky&quot; had a few (4) great songs. Excluding all  the work before &quot;AA,&quot; I haven't found another APP, AP or any  other APP-related work I can enjoy listening to in its entirety (ok,  &quot;Eve&quot; is a little difficult). On &quot;AA,&quot; tracks 5-9  shine! &quot;Pipeline&quot; is definitely one of my all-time favorite APP  instrumentals - classic, clean and crisp. &quot;Don't Answer Me&quot; is  such a melancholy (although fantastic) song because it reminds me of the  Project's last dying breath; don't worry Eric, we can't answer you now.  &quot;Prime Time&quot; sounds like the Project was trying too hard to  capitalize on the &quot;Eye on the Sky&quot; sound - it's a carbon copy!  Yes, this album belongs in every APP collection, but stop here. All work  past this point is a waste of your time. (Well, you might want to check out  some of the &quot;Ladyhawke&quot; soundtrack.) I guess I'm just old school.  Eric is surely missed on the recent AP solo stuff, too.
B000002UA2|5.0|I'VE BEEN A HUGE FLOYD FAN FOR QUITE SOME TIME NOW AND I HAVE TO SAY THAT &quot;OBSCURED BY CLOUDS&quot;IS ONE OF THEIR FINEST.EVEN IF YOU'VE NEVER  SEEN THE FILM&quot;THE VALLEY&quot;,WHICH THE ALBUM IS THE SOUNDTRACK  TO,YOU CAN APPRECIATE IT'S POWERFUL MOOD SETTING.STARTING OFF WITH THE  TITLE TRACK, AND THEN &quot;WHEN YOU'RE  IN&quot;,BOTH INSTRUMENTALS,THEY  GIVE AN EERIE YET WONDERFUL FEEL WITH GREAT GUITAR PLAYING FROM  GILMOUR.&quot;BURNING BRIDGES&quot;HAS BEAUTIFUL HARMONIZING WITH A  HAUNTING GUITAR SOUND THAT GOES PERFECT WITH THE SINGING.&quot;THE GOLD  IT'S IN THE ...&quot;IS A ROCKIN' TRACK.IF &quot;BRIDGES&quot;MELLOWED YOU  OUT THEN &quot;THE GOLD..&quot;CRANKS YOU UP,GOOD  DRIVING TUNE.NEXT IS  &quot;WOTS...UH THE DEAL&quot;,WHICH COMES DOWN A BIT IN SPEED BUT HAS A  TERRIFIC SOUND AND INTERESTING LYRICS.THE SIXTH TRACK (YES I'M COVERING  EVERY SONG)IS &quot;MUDMEN&quot;.THIS SONG  SOUNDS LIKE THE TWIN BROTHER TO  &quot;BURNING BRIDGES&quot;' WITHOUT LYRICS. PERFECT  TRACK!&quot;CHILDHOOD'S END&quot; COMES IN LIKE THE CLIMAX PART IN A  MOVIE.THIS SONG HAS A GOOD, STEADY GROOVE TO IT THROUGHOUT.ALSO A GREAT  TUNE TO DRIVE TO.IF YOUR LOOKING FOR THE FUN,PLAYFUL SIDE OF FLOYD THEN  &quot;FREE FOUR&quot;SHOULD BE UP YOUR ALLEY.IT STARTS WITH  THE BAND  COUNTING IN &quot;ONE,TWO,FREE,FOUR&quot;AND HAS CLEVER,LIGHTHEARTED LYRICS  THROUGHOUT.GREAT RHYTHM AS WELL.&quot;STAY&quot; IS A FINE,LITTLE MELODY  SUNG BY RICHARD WRIGHT AND HAS A NICE WAH -WAH GUITAR IN THERE.GOOD PIANO  TOO.NOW I KNOW SOME PEOPLE,AFTER LISTENING TO THE ALBUM,WILL SAY THAT THE  FINAL TRACK&quot;ABSOLUTELY CURTAINS&quot;IS STRANGE AND WILL USUALLY STOP  THE ALBUM AT THIS POINT.THEY SHOULD KEEP IN MIND,HOWEVER,THAT THIS IS A  SOUNDTRACK AND IT IS SETTING A MOOD FOR A SCENE.THE SONG HAS GREAT ORGAN  AND PIANO PLAYING IN IT.THEN IT HAS A SHORT BURST OF SOUND AND FINISH -ES  WITH A TRIBE OR GROUP SINGING.ANOTHER GREAT ALBUM BY THIS AMAZING  BAND.STILL SOME OF THEIR MOST UNDERRATED WORK.CHECK IT OUT.
0800132335|5.0|After seeing this classic twice in its wide-screen, subtitled version in the past, I reluctantly rented the English dubbed version last night; it  was the only version of Das Boot that was at my local video place, and I  had to show it to a friend I had suggested it to.  The English dubbed  version of Das Boot has to be the best dubbing job I have ever seen.  It's  not perfect, but I haven't seen any other movie dubbing that does it  better.  If you absolutely have to see this movie in the English Dubbed  version, I would still fully recommend it without cringing.  <br />Having said  that, the thing that is much less bearable about the English Dubbed version  of Das Boot (VHS) is that it is not in wide-screen format, which is a  pitty.  So if you have to decide on the English Dubbed version, do it  knowing that it's still very good, but try to catch it again in its  wide-screen German-yelling fullness sometime in the future :)  Believe me,  you won't remember that the movie was subtitled.
B00004RFCM|5.0|This is a fabulous show that I think any woman can relate to.  It's funny,  provacative and completely enjoyable.  The DVD edition is very well done,  with cast biographies and a behind the scenes look at Sex and the City.  I  highly recommend it to fans of the show.  My only question is when will the  second season be available?
B00004T0UT|5.0|When Elvis released From Elvis in Memphis in 1969, it marked a return to  his country roots.  The original album contained the first 12 songs on the  cd and they were excellent.  His version of Jerry Butler's &quot;Only The  Strong Survive&quot; seems appropriate because Elvis backed up his 1968  comeback special with this album and showed not only could he survive, he  could thrive.  Leaving behind the awful soundtrack music he had been making  for the prior 7 or 8 years, he was backed by a superb ensemble of Memphis  studio musicians.  Tracks like &quot;Long Black Limousine&quot;, &quot;Any  Day Now&quot;, &quot;Gentle On My Mind&quot; and the haunting single  &quot;In The Ghetto&quot; showed Elvis could make music that still  mattered.  What makes this re-release great is the inclusion of the singles  from the sessions that weren't included on the original release.  &quot;Suspicious Minds&quot; was the King's last number one single and one  his best songs of all time.  In &quot;Kentucky Rain&quot;, he flexes his  vocal muscles and he shows his tender side on &quot;Don't Cry Daddy&quot;.  &quot;Mama Liked The Roses&quot; is one of my favorite Presley songs and  one of his best performances.  Elvis released a couple more decent albums,  before sliding into his Vegas persona, but this album stands as probably  the final testiment to his greatness as a recording artist.
0671042858|5.0|This book is scary!  ok theres no killer dogs or cars. Theres no blood sucking vampires or apocalpyses but its still a scary read. A little girl  (nine year Trish, but big for her age) walks of the path and gets lost in  the woods. She doesn't have a lot of food, and only has her walkman to keep  her company - on which she listens to Red Sox games with her hero Tom  Gordon. As she gets lost further (can you get lost even more?) she hears  things, see things or thinks she does... Her imagination takes over, but it  also keeps her together as she has visions of Tom Gordon looking out for  her. I guess its similar to the Blair Witch Project (probably get cruficied  for this comparision) but neither is really scary - its what goes on with  the characters that is. And it both you're unsure of hows it going to end.  Hey its a short book, grab it read and read it on a rainy day - just make  sure you put it down before it gets dark! Also next time you go into the  woods - stay on the path!<br />Enjoy!
0671034065|3.0|I don't think Linda Howard has had a keeper since DREAM MAN.  This novel, MR. PERFECT, is better than SON OF THE MORNING, NOW YOU SEE HER, and KILL  AND TELL, but it definitely isn't worth the price of one movie ticket, much  less three (roughly $25)!<br />It was extremely easy to spot the killer.  This  wasn't simply a lucky guess.  I had the killer pegged to a tee,  second-guessing everything that made him tick.  What made this so easy was  the extensive development of the killer's public identity, an otherwise  negligible secondary character.  Two or three other possible suspects were  mentioned, but no more than mentioned.  There wasn't a credible motive  among the red herrings.<br />The only questions I had concerning the identity  of the killer were questions of credibility.  Is it likely that this person  received a high school and college education despite a complete psychiatric  breakdown during the formative years?  Is it likely that a mere telephone  call to the killer's psychiatrist to inform her of the killer's death would  have yielded Sam everything he ever wanted to know about the killer's  psychiatric background and the therapeutic treatment he received? (Come on!   Sam should have at least had to present a death certificate and wait for  it to be verified.)<br />There were some genuinely entertaining moments in  this novel, but not nearly enough exploration of the relationship between  the hero and heroine.  Everything was rushed, and the protagonists were  kept apart for a good part of the book (such as when Sam takes off for an  out-of-town business trip right after the first romantic encounter, with  not even a fare-thee-well to Jaine).<br />This novel was more of an exercise  in female-bonding between the four friends, and not a romance between the  hero and heroine, and definitely not a compelling &quot;whodunnit.&quot;   If you want a great romance and a compelling piece of suspense (albeit not  a &quot;whodunnit&quot;), go check out DREAM MAN.  In the meantime, if you  must read MR. PERFECT, sign up on your local library's wait-list.
B000002OOY|4.0|I liked the Jurassic Park soundtrack because of the main theme.  The theme  is my favorite song from the whole CD.  John Williams did a great job with  it.  It's right up ther along with the music from Star Wars.  <br />Another  good song is Journal to the Island.  You can picture the majestc landscape  of the island.<br />The thing with this CD is that parts of the Theme from  Jurassic Park are used in almost every song.  I guess that's why it is the  theme, but it makes the CD a bit redundant.  <br />This CD is great for  classical lovers, Jurassic Park lovers, and John Williams fans.
0783246641|5.0|For those who don't know what to expect, &quot;American Psycho&quot; (both the book &amp; film)can be quite a challenge to sit through.  Sometimes I  wish the film were given a title distinct from that of the book, because I  can imagine numerous movie-goers hoping to see a film along the lines of  the 6th Sense.  To be sure, the film American Psycho is flawless, from the  opening title to the closing credits.  It is true to the book (minus one  &quot;controversial&quot; scene) but more importantly, stands alone.  As a  commentary on materialism, politics, media, fashion, and consumer culture,  it (correctly) points out that the true &quot;Psycho&quot; is not the  Norman Bates in all of us, but rather the Patrick &quot;Bate&quot;man that  is America.  And the film delivers this message is a highly stylish,  comical way that makes it both poignant and entertaining.
0553266306|5.0|Frederick Forsyth's novel, 'The Day of the jackel,' is one of the all time great suspense thrillers, if not the best.  'Jackel' is the story of a army  officer plot to assassinate the President of France, Charles De Gaulle, in  the early sixties.  Disappointed over De Gualle's decision to withdraw  French troops from Algeria, several army officers hire a resourceful  international assassin, code named 'Jackel,' to do away with him in the  hopes of bringing down the government.  French authorities get wind of the  plot and put thier top investigator on the case.  The tale that follows is  one of excitment and suspense as the Jackel uses all of his cunning to  outwit his French opponents and to get close enough to De Gaulle.  This is  certainly the best suspense novel I have ever read and I would definatly  recommend it to anyone!  Fantastic!
B00003003R|5.0|this is a good guns n roses was a great live band
B00004U3UG|5.0|I have noticed others complained about this DVD.  Of course, they fail to realize that time has past.  We all expect the super clear digital quality,  but as time goes normal film prints fade down.  And not that the original  theatrical release was all that perfect either.  If you look and watch  carefully, you can see scratches, hairs, etc. on the screen (closeups, even  the graveyard scenes).   Second, we as Americans come to expect the hero  lives and thrives so the eventual sequel is made.  Whop-ti-do.  The fact  that Ash (in this director's cut) screws up and damns himself to a world  destroyed is more ironic that bringing the &quot;evil&quot; back with him.   (BTW, anyone care to note that the wise man was to use a spell to rid of  the evil forever?  Even though they don't show it, it is heavily applied  throughout he would.  That would mean even if Ash screwed up the words, the  evil would be dead and could not follow him)   I enjoyed the director's  ending when I moved to Europe and bought the British release of the video.   In Europe, the movie was released almost the same except it contained the  original ending, some of these scenes included in this disc in place of  other scenes that where cut short.  The little Ash scenes where heavily  butchered.  Plus Ash says &quot;I ain't THAT good&quot; when he shoots Evil  Ash instead of &quot;Good...Bad...I'm the guy with the gun.&quot;  The  ending was in place to stop the Evil Dead movies.  Universal forced him to  make the &quot;american&quot; ending (surprise, suprise!  as it was only  shown in American theaters with the &quot;S-Mart Ending&quot;,) as they  wanted to cash in just in case it was a money maker. We as Americans expect  the good guy to go on.  I think Sam had a good sense of irony that only can  be discovered if we experince more out of life than the over-the-top  ending.  Try living in Europe for two years. I still laugh when Ash falls  to his knees and cries out &quot;OH NO!  I'VE SLEPT TOO LONG! &quot;  It  reminds me of PLANET OF THE APES. So, in short:  Just experience the movie  and stop trying to worry about the clarity of the picture or the  difference.  It still stands on its own. BTW, check out DARKMAN...it was  made just before AOD.
B00000272N|4.0|This one is their most hard rock sounding one. It has just good hard  rock-grunge sounding songs on it and it just makes me feel good all over to  hear it. Man in the Box was the reason I bought the CD. When I heard other  songs, the vocals kinda sound like an '80s band but it blends that sound  with the modern day Seattle grunge guitar riffs. This CD is good for any  fan of metal and grunge. For good AIC, get this one.
0783241399|2.0|The Evil Cop, played by Dan Hedaya, will remind more literate viewers of Javert, which should place several seeds of suspicion about this movie.   Quite obviously Jewison is familiar with famous French literature, which is  great!  but what works in literature can seem dubious in an enterprise  which purports to be even a RELATIVELY truthful retelling of incidents  which occurred in Real Life.  Hedaya's cop must be one of those   &quot;composite&quot;  characters we're warned about before the picture  starts -- this character seems totally unrealistic, a hack writer's  concoction.  I seriously doubt that a  (presumably)  world-weary Jersey cop  would have the time or energy to carry on such a senseless personal grudge  over one youthful offender -- and the word  &quot;racist&quot;  doesn't  explain it away, either.  As portrayed here, this a totally PERSONAL  antagonism against Carter.  The question is:  why?  Jewison declines to  answer.  In any case, it doesn't make much sense.  Another big problem is  the handling of the Canadians.  These are strange people:  why do two men  and one women live together?  What is this -- &quot;Three's Company&quot;?   How do they live so well, and how did they support themselves while  investigating Carter's case?  Why did they adopt a kid they barely knew?   They're like little white angels from the Great White North, improving the  lives of everyone they meet.  I know there's more to their story than  what's presented here, but Jewison again declines to get into it.  The real  story would've been nice.<br />Having said all that, I must also say that even  though I'm giving this picture only 2 stars, I'm also recommending it  because of the astonishing performance by Denzel Washington.  Never mind  Rubin Carter's story for just a minute:  if you need any more proof that  racism is alive and well in this country, consider Washington's being  passed over for Best Actor in favor of Kevin Spacey in  *American Beauty*.   Spacey larkedabout quite amusingly in that film, but COME ON.  Rubin  Carter was 30 times the more difficult role, and Washington bravely  succeeded in not only doing it well but doing it unforgettably.  Never has  dignity been better presented on screen.  It's a crime that there isn't an  Oscar gathering dust on his mantle.  Like most guys I pride myself on not  crying in movies that are trying to choke you up, but some of Denzel's  scenes dragged forth more than one tear out of this kid's eyes, I can tell  you.<br />Therefore I suggest that you see this film for an incredibly moving  performance.  But if you want a straighter story about Rubin Carter's case,  read any number of books that have been written about him -- I've not read  them, but I'm hoping they get closer to the truth than what's presented  here.  For that matter, listen to Dylan's tune on the subject -- he makes a  more detailed, compelling case for Carter's innocence than this movie does.
B000002KO3|5.0|It may lack the lyrical coherence of &quot;Talking Heads '77&quot; or even  &quot;Fear of Music,&quot; and the tunes aren't as hummable as anything on  &quot;Speaking In Tounges.&quot; A bit of the music seems experimental for  its own sake, and many may not find David Byrne's singing to their taste.  Yet &quot;Remain In Light,&quot; 20 years after its original release,  remains the seminal Talking Heads album. It is funky, probing, brilliant,  and stretches popular music's boundaries--it's dance music with very, very  high I.Q.<br />I love most all of the Heads' music, but they peaked on  &quot;Remain in Light&quot; and never quite climbed to the top of the  mountain again. Songs on earlier records like &quot;Cities&quot; are taken  to a new level. The T-Heads' use of African rhythms and the amazing  conflation of guitar and keyboard produced a sound that has never quite  been duplicated (think of the guitar at the end of &quot;Once In A  Lifetime.&quot;).  Like the band itself, the record is an original; can  anyone name anything that sounds like &quot;Remain In Light&quot;? I can  think of few rock and roll songs more striking than &quot;Crosseyed and  Painless&quot; or &quot;The Great Curve,&quot; or anything quite as  atmospheric as &quot;Houses In Motion.&quot; Simply a great piece of work.
1573225517|5.0|1.  It is very original; 2.  Biting wit and numerous laugh out loud moments; 3.  Several pop music and movie references; 4.  Startlingly  accurate depictions of male post-breakup pathos; 5.  Numerous London  colloquialisms let us know how they live and speak in England.<br />I  absolutely loved this novel.  It was witty, exploring with a keen eye  relationships and the reasons why men and women get together, and sometimes  drift apart.  Narrator Rob is a self-indulgent whiner who tries to make  himself feel better after getting dumped by making lists to himself of  &quot;top 5 breakups&quot;, as well as lists of &quot;top 5 breakup  songs&quot;.  He does something many of us 30-something men often think of  doing, namely contact old flames out of an odd, morbid curiosity as to  their whereabouts and marital status.  <br />While Rob and his incessant  ruminations on his past and present love life can sometimes get old, Hornby  deftly changes gears whenever a change is needed and involves numerous  excellent secondary characters, including  record store employees and  comrades-in-arms Dick and Barry (played amazingly well by Jack Black in the  recent movie) as well as a folkie American female musician living in  London.  The scenes in Rob's second hand record store are priceless, as  well as some memorable episodes in North London's pubs where Rob and the  boys hoist a pint or two while they argue meaningless musical debates.  <br />It is difficult to categorize the novel, but I can simply say that as a  male of approximately the same age as the protagonist, it appeared Hornby  (and Rob) were talking my language (albeit with a British flair), and I  therefore breezed through this book quicker than most.  You need not be  male  and over 30 to enjoy it, but reading it will reveal some of our  secrets and obsessions.  Pick it up, you won't be disappointed.
B00004WGC4|5.0|I recently bought the gift pack, and this kind of comedy could not be made today in the US.  The comedy is so direct and hard hitting, and politically  incorrect, there would be an uproar if a new series tried to do what this  series has done so effortlessly.<br />The comedy itself is pure farce, with  John Cleese as the rude, impulsive, cruel, manic depressive though mostly  manic Basil Fawlty, with delusions of competence who gets himself into  situations which get increasingly out of control, until finally he is fully  exposed.<br />My favorite episodes include The Germans,(don't mention the  war) A touch of class, The anniversary, and the Wedding Party.  I can still  remember the ache in my side from laughing at the episode with the  psychiatrist and the guest hiding a girlfriend in his room.<br />In the video  there is an interview with John Cleese before each segment explaining the  origin of the series and various episodes.<br />This is probably the best  comedy to come out of Britain alongside the likes of The Fall and rise of  Reginald Perrin, Father Ted, Blackadder and The New Statesman.
B00000IAU3|5.0|the first time i heard of dido was a guest on the EminEm song stan i thought she had one of the most amazing voices ever that appearence really  opened doors for her but once you here more songs you realize that she  doesnt  just have to ride that appearance to fame i definately recommend  this album and i also reccomend the eminem albums which nare also amazing
B00000119Z|4.0|It's not fair to say that this is not a great record, however, as the &quot;big three&quot; of the UFO Club (Pink Floyd, Soft Machine, Tomorrow)  they are surely the weakest one. They are not as experimental as the Soft  Machine and Pink Floyd, and their songs basically adhere to whimsical pop  format... very typical British Psychedelic rock. The most well known cut is  of course &quot;My White Bicycle&quot;, but my favourite is &quot;Colonel  Brown&quot;, &quot;SHy Boy&quot; (playful keyboard sound) and superb  &quot;Hallucination&quot; (basically a Em song---very effective, steve  Howe's fluid pull-off guitar line is very great... a 100% drug song). EMI  make a great compensation for the group by releasing all the closet stuff  including &quot;Now your time has come&quot; ,and some interesting solo  works of the members of Tomorrow. It's a great album from this at best  second-division psychedelic band. (It's usually remembered as the breeding  ground of Steve Howe).
B000002MTR|4.0|I bought this cd 2 months ago and I also bought BSSM (their BEST CD!) But this cd is also very good I'm listening to it right now. There are some  songs on here which are very good and you can sing  to and some which are  worth a listen but not anything like some of the other songs on this cd  .Like Aeroplane which is the best song by the Chili's. It one of song that  make this cd memorable . Also this cd has some language in it but not  enough to get a Explicit Lyrics Label. If you are looking to start your  Chili Peppers Cd start with Mother's Milk then buy BloodSugarSexMagic then  OneHotMinute and finally there new cd Californication .Finally go see them  live they're great!
B00003Q43A|3.0|Unless you have a THX certified surround sound system, a huge widescreen television, and the repo man isn't banging on your door because the check  bounced :) don't get it.  ID4 is one of those movies you have to see in THX  at the biggest theater in town.  I saw it in true Lucasfilm THX at a fairly  large theater and it was awesome.  I loved it so much I went downtown to  the rat infested Dolby stereo theater and it stunk (not just the seats).   The home video doesn't do any better.<br />If you missed it in the theater,  you missed it.  It's like Star Wars.  Star Wars is good on TV/VHS, it would  be good if they put it on DVD (!), but it is pure magic in the theater.   Any movie that is based on the special effects (Star Wars does NOT fall  into that category mind you), is only good in the theater.<br />Trust me.   Only die hard fans of the movie should buy it.
B00003ZKSP|5.0|Slipknot is a great band.  There album is amazing.  The only problem with  Slipknot is that they think they are better than KoRn, Limp Bizkit, and  Papa Roach .  No band will ever be better than KoRn.  If you have a problem  with bad language than this album is not for you.  The only actual song  that doesn't have any bad language is their chart topping single,  &quot;Wait and Bleed.&quot;  All in all, this album is a good buy and you  will be satisfied.
B00000J7J4|4.0|Carlos Santana didn't need Rob Thomas (Matchbox 20), Lauryn Hill, Dave  Matthews, Eric Clapton, Eagle Eye Cherry, or any of his other guest  performers to make a good album.  He didn't need them to sell a million  copies or ten million.  Santana has been around forever, everyone knows who  he is, and his album will hit triple platinum without anyone's help save  for his fans and his reputation.<br />I think the reason he got all these  people together is to expand his fan base, for one.  Few rock stars, and I  think Santana is one of them, care about the fans at all and the influence  that they are, but all stars care about money.  It's all business.  Santana  knew that by teaming up with all these people, he could score sales from  young people as well, and I mean that in the best possible way.  Second, I  think he wanted to bridge the gap between modern rock and classic rock, to  open a door for new Santana listeners to not only buy old school Santana,  but to open up to older music as well, music from which Santana grew up on  and was influenced by.<br />With that in mind, and that Supernatural is one of  the coolest albums I've heard in a long time, I conclude that this is one  of the smartest albums ever recorded.<br />Furthermore, it's not below the  hype.  Anyone who says that this album is all hype has either not heard it  or just heard &quot;Smooth.&quot;  Smooth is overplayed and so is Maria  Maria and Put Your Lights On.  It's all about The Calling with Eric  Clapton.  I have a THX certified Altec Lansing system that has been pushed  to its limits and then some more than once with Clapton &amp; Santana.
B00004SCX6|1.0|Britney Spears among others is helping destroy pop music as well as the rest of pop culture with no feeling lyrics and songs that all seem to have  the same message.  The songs all sound flat and Spears's voice could be  mistaken for a 30 year old's.  Anyone who says that she is a good singer is  only kidding themselves.
0553573403|1.0|I like most epic fantasy, but a few things about this book really turned me off. Basically, the way the book begins lead me to expect one kind of  story, but the story that the book tells is not the one that I was led to  expect.<br />At the beginning of the book, you are introduced to John Snow,  who is the illegitmate some of a powerful nobleman who is currently serving  in the army at a remote outpost, beyond which is a land of monsters and  danger. Needless to say, the evil forces are returning and the kingdom is  in no way prepared for the attack that is about to happen. It would appear  that the stage is set for an action-packed epic full of all the good stuff  in Robert Jordan's The Wheel of Time series.<br />The only problem is that by  the time the book ends, the invasion that I was waiting for throughout the  whole book just didn't happen. Instead, the author focuses on the intrigues  surrounding the death of the king and his successor's coronation, with  continual hints of the disaster that is about to happen. Meanwhile, I was  waiting and waiting for the &quot;sub-plots&quot; to fall into the  background in the face of the invasion and the coming of the years-long  Winter, but they don't. What I felt to be sub-plots were actually the main  focus of the novel, and there's barely any more written about John Snow. Of  course, his outpost is overrun by monsters and he barely survives, but the  monsters never interfere with anything else in the book. The book reads as  though three completely separate stories were combined into one novel by  simply using cut and paste and masking this by ending chapters wherever the  focus shifts.<br />I absolutely hated this book, but for some strange reason,  I couldn't put it down. If I hadn't been fooled into expecting a different  story than I actually found, I probably would have enjoyed it, but I really  didn't like this book.
B00003CWTH|5.0|Based on the fact that I had returned home later than I was hoping to and that I had to work the next day, I decided to watch one tape of \\"Magnolia\\"  that evening and the other early in the mourning.  This was not to be.  I  became so enwrapped in the movie that I could not bring myself to turn it  off.  I ended up watching it until one in the mourning (late for me) and  was quite tired for work.  But it was worth it.<br /> Paul Thomas  Anderson's film \\"Magnolia\\" is a movie about the inter-twinning lives of a  handful of characters in Los Angeles on one day.  The film uses the  characters and their lives to question coincidence and the order of the  universe in a way but beyond all that it is another rich, multi-character  character study comparable to \\"American Beauty\\".  Every character is going  through a hard time in life: some dying, one (Cruise) being forced to face  his past and another (Macy) not able to out-grow his.  Through chance  happenings and coincidence (or is it?) all of the characters have some  effect or connection to the others and it is through this and strange  happenings (those damn frogs) that the characters begin to heal.  They  don't all completely right their lives by the end but you can tell that  they are all on the road to being better.<br /> The acting in this film is  among the best in 1999.  Some stand-outs are: Cruise (who, along with \\"Eyes  Wide Shut\\", is proving that he can act extremely well) as the sexist  self-help guru, Julianne Moore as the wife of a dying millionaire, William  H. Macy as a former television whiz-kid and John C. Reilly as a police  officer who just wants to help somebody.  These are just four out of about  ten who just give everything they have to make the film work and they pull  it off nicely.<br /> Paul Thomas Anderson's directing is incredible.  He  gives the movie a perfect feel and never over sentimentalizes anything.  He  just shows us raw, human emotion as he sees it and the result is  overwhelming.  The beginning sequence about coincidence is great;  enthralling the viewer and defiantly peaking the interest of anyone  watching to see the rest of the film and his scenes shot to Aimee Mann's  incredible music are breathtakingly beautiful.<br /> This is a long movie,  clocking in at over three hours, but it will defiantly hold your interest  for the duration.  The film is quite arty so I wouldn't recommend it to the  blockbuster summer movie crowd but to anyone who loves a profound,  high-quality movie.<br />Thanxs...he beginning sequence about coincidence is great;  enthralling the viewer and defiantly peaking the interest of anyone  watching to see the rest of the film and his scenes shot to Aimee Mann's  incredible music are breathtakingly beautiful.<br /> This is a long movie,  clocking in at over three hours, but it will defiantly hold your interest  for the duration.  The film is quite arty so I wouldn't recommend it to the  blockbuster summer movie crowd but to anyone who loves a profound,  high-quality movie. <br />Thanxs...
6304383827|5.0|This has long since been one of my favorite movies!  I loved it!  Get over the Gwenyth accent thing, she was superb.  I think her manner accurately  portrayed the Emma that Austen invented so many years ago&gt;  Great job!   I loved Jeremy Northam, he had a good balance of elderly wisdom and boyish  charm.  Even Miss Bates' character was played well.  This movie is funny,  it should not be missed!
6304806442|5.0|\\"Trainspotting\\" is another film that proves the vitality and originality of the British cinema.  The film pulsates with energy, talent and an  understanding of the heroin scene.  This is by-and-far one of the great  modern British films.  \\"Trainspotting\\" is a film, that along with \\"Lock,  Stock and Two Smoking Barrels\\", proves that the American film industry does  not run the entire business.<br />Upon a viewing of Danny Boyle's 1996 film  \\"Trainspotting\\" you will laugh in hysterics, revolt in horror, gasp in  excitement and feel sick with disgust.  Any movie that can bring about such  an array of emotions has to be a high quality, well made film.  \\"Trainspotting\\" is just that.  It shows us a world that most of us have  never experienced (thankfully) but does exist and needs to be documented.  It takes no liberties, pulls no stops and presents it to us in such a  stark, gripping and entertaining manner that we end up feeling that we too  have somehow lived that live.<br />Some people bashed this film, saying it  condoned the use of drugs.  This quite simply is ridiculous.  Just because  the film doesn't preach at us and try to influence our views and merely  shows us this life, doesn't mean it condones drug usage. The film assumes  we can figure out for ourselves that this is no way to live and I think  most of us did.  If anything the film makes us want to stay away from  drugs.<br />The story is about a group of five friends in Edinburgh, Scotland:  Renton, Begbie, Sick Boy, Spud and Tommy.  Three of the lads are addicted  to heroin but only Renton seems to have any interest in kicking the habit.  The lads fall in and out of many situations throughout the film including  AIDS, prison and a hilarious happening involving a tape of Tommy and his  girlfriend.  But no matter what they're up to, the most important thing is  always heroin.  All their actions revolve around it whether it be getting  it, doing it, selling it or kicking it.<br />A police officer I met, who works  the drug/slum area in Vancouver said that this film was the most realistic  portrayal of addicts he had ever seen and from what I know I'd have to  agree with him.  \\"Drugstore Cowboy\\" is the only other film I can think of  that tackles the drug culture so realistically.<br />The acting is fantastic,  with Ewan McGregor as Renton being a standout.  He manages to put some  credibility and human qualities to a type of person we would often think of  as inhuman.  Mix the great acting with the perfectly timed and energetic  directing of Danny Boyle (including one fantastic withdrawal sequence) and  add in one great soundtrack including Iggy (not Ziggy) Pop and Blur and  you've got yourself a beautiful and brilliant movie.<br />Thanxs...ho works  the drug/slum area in Vancouver said that this film was the most realistic  portrayal of addicts he had ever seen and from what I know I'd have to  agree with him.  \\"Drugstore Cowboy\\" is the only other film I can think of  that tackles the drug culture so realistically.<br />The acting is fantastic,  with Ewan McGregor as Renton being a standout.  He manages to put some  credibility and human qualities to a type of person we would often think of  as inhuman.  Mix the great acting with the perfectly timed and energetic  directing of Danny Boyle (including one fantastic withdrawal sequence) and  add in one great soundtrack including Iggy (not Ziggy) Pop and Blur and  you've got yourself a beautiful and brilliant movie.<br />Thanxs...
6304057709|4.0|Although I felt the cast a bit weak in parts, the movie was overall a strong and engaging film.  The soundtrack was simply LOVELY.  Kate Winslet  gives a masterful performance as young Marianne, a talented and love struck  girl who is almost too romantic for her own good.  You'll love following  her story.  Elenor, played by Emma Thompson, is a little dry at times, but  she gives an excellent performance.  I felt Hugh Grant played a good Henry,  a shy and quiet suitor, but I felt that it could have been a bit more  exciting...at times I felt like his portrayal of the character truly took  away from the scene itself.  Good movie, I highly recommend it!
B00003CXFV|5.0|I generally do not like Julia Roberts films. Pretty Woman was good as was Pelican Brief.<br />Erin Brockovich is something else. I had read the good  reviews of it beforehand so I took the chance of going to see it and I was  surprised to see that the reviewers were right.<br />This is Julia Roberts  best role to date. She widened her acting range in this film and displayed  a multitude of emotions. The fact that she had her cleavage on display for  most of the film was only a distraction for the first 40 minutes or so. As  the story developed I began to watch her character, not her breasts.<br />I  have ordered the DVD and will be interested to see a little background to  the real life story and how the film was brought to the screen.<br />I will  now pay more attention to any film with Julia Roberts any it just as long  as she keeps up this standard.
B00003CXFU|5.0|WOW, this movie made me want to jump out of my seat and go start my own company.  It is a girl power movie for today's women.  I especially liked  it because I have interest in law, but it goes to show you what a single  mom can do.  It makes you feel that if this single mom, on welfare and  unable to pay the bills, is able to succeed by giving her all, anyone can.   I loved it and I would recommend it to all!
B000002KIC|5.0|This disc is a great way to visit the Rock n Roll Hall of Fame without ever leaving your house.  The number of artists who performed at The Band's  farewell concert that later were inducted into the Hall of Fame is  staggering. Van Morrison, Eric Clapton, Neil Young, Ronnie Hawkins, and Bob  Dylan, among others, all provide performances that are burned into my  memory more than 20 years after I first saw the movie.  It was my first  introduction to Muddy Waters, Paul Butterfield and Dr. John.  I went out  the very next day and bought the album.  <br />But it's The Band, both  collectively and individually, that make this a must have addition to any  music collection. They sound (and on the video, look)like they're having a  great time.  Robbie Robertson jams with Clapton and sings lead vocal on  &quot;Out Of The Blue&quot;; Levon Helm and Richard Manuel turn in classic  singing performances; Garth Hudson shows his versatility on the organ, sax  and accordian.  But for my money, it's Rick Danko that steals the show.   His singing on &quot;Stage Fright&quot; and &quot;It Makes No  Difference&quot; is astonishing; these are still the best version of both  songs I've ever heard.<br />The video is great for seeing the performers and  for the off stage interviews.  But the cd is essential for capturing the  true magic of one of the best concerts ever.
6303921248|5.0|Never before had I been willing and eager to sit through over 4 hours of one movie...until I discovered this masterpiece.  It so closely follows the  work of Austen herself that I was truly amazed.  I found myself rewinding  and replaying a part just so I could follow along with my book and count  how many lines were taken directly from the text itself.  The end wavers a  bit in the coverage, speeding the books last few chapters along, but one  hardly notices when you have such a great movie to begin with.  Jennifer  Ehle plays a wonderfully playful and smart Elizabeth Bennet, charming the  audience with her quick wit.  I would have to agree with about every other  woman who has ever seen this movie in saying that Colin Firth plays a very  sexy Mr. Darcy.  But beyond the appearence, he gives a superb performance,  which I felt completely captured what Austen was describing in her novels.   His shy nature was displayed very well indeed, as well as his ever present  PRIDE.  I love this movie, and it will forever remain a part of my video  collection.  This is one of the videos that will be moving to college with  me, for I could NEVER leave it behind!
0670880728|3.0|Bridget Jones is a hoot!  I'm not entirely sure what the point of the whole book is besides one young woman's entirely frustrating self-esteem  problem, but it is laugh out loud funny.  She's so naive, so adorable, and  so incredibly un-smart (&quot;stupid&quot; sounds way too harsh).  I  genuinely like Bridget, and I can't help but root for her, even though she  works very hard at getting herself in ridiculous situations.  I enjoy  reading about slice-of-life modern London (I think it could be called  that...? &quot;BlindDate&quot; and &quot;Friends&quot; are talked about  quite often anyway) and this is a good, quick read.  Oddly enough, at some  points did think I was reading one of the Spice Girls' auto-biography, with  many testaments to girl-power and a pervasive ode to pals/mates/friends.   To be honest, if this book became a movie (as I hear it will soon be), I'd  definitely have one of the Spice Girls as a character (maybe Shazz?), Sandi  from &quot;As Times Goes By&quot; as Bridget, and maybe Patsy Kensit as the  jellyfish vamp Rebecca.  Just ideas.  See for yourself, after just a few  pages, you'll have the perfect picture in your mind of who Bridget is.  A  very funny, compulsive, odd young (?) lady.
6304383827|5.0|From its opening in 1996, I have simply loved &quot;Emma&quot;, not only for the story line (which, by the way, is not altered too drastically from  the original Austen novel), but also for the actor portrayals.  Although I  have heard gripes about Paltrow's &quot;false accent&quot;, I felt that it  in no way detracted from the film.  Jeremy Northam gives one of the best  performances I've seen in the period films, greatly rivaling the character  of Mr. Darcy (played by Colin Firth in the 1995 mini-series &quot;Pride and  Prejudice&quot;).  His boyish smile and gentlemanly behavior are believable  and well played.  As you watch this film, watch Mr. Knightley's eyes, as  well as the eyes of Mr. Elton.  You will find that these small details  added greatly to the film itself, although they aren't clearly detected.   This is one of my favorite movies of all time, trust me, rent it, it is  worth it!
B000006NPY|1.0|The Pumpkins made two excellent albums - 'Gish' and 'Siamese Dream'. Then  they were a little over-ambitious in producing the 'Melon Collie...'  double-lp, an album which was brilliant in spots, but poor in others.  Corgan's prog rock leanings, which were hinted on with 'Melon Collie...',  climax on this album and the results are terrible. Gone are the melodic,  rock songs so characteristic of them, in their place : meandering  prog-rock; heavy on the synthesisers, and highly sleep-inducing. There are  a few nice moments on the album where glimpses of the old Pumpkins can be  seen, but these are very and far between. 'Adore' is very much a Billy  Corgan experimental ego-trip which should be avoided like the plague.
B00003Q43A|1.0|The only film approaching the stupidity of Godzilla, Dir. Emmerich delivers a film with good special effects and an embarrassingly vapid  story. True this film had great commercial success and mass (herd) appeal,  but it is best viewed in a theatre on opening day (thankfully come and  gone). Its jingoist Only-America-Can-Save-Us theme is aptly served by its  narrow, linear plot peopled with equally narrow characters played by an  under utilized/over paid cast<br />ID4 is a popcorn movie worth viewing once,  not worth purchasing until it hits the bargain bins. Rent it instead. For  better alien encounter sci-fi see Invasion of the Body Snatchers, The  Abyss, or X-Files. For special effects see The Matrix.
B000001ESP|3.0|All the Rush elements are here = large, progressive rock song structures,  Geddy lee's unmistakeable yowl and Neil peart's rather pretentious lyrics.  This album contains some of Rush's best known songs, like 'Tom Sawyer' and  'Limelight'. This is quite a good album, with good musicianship by all  members of Rush, and I respect it at that level. But this album doesn't  appeal to me all that much for two reasons : 1. The drawn out progressive  rock song structures, which get quite tiresome and 2. Neil Peart's  annoyingly pretentious and pseudo-intellectual lyrics. If your a fan of  prog-rock, this is definetly the album for you. But for me, this was a  listening experience that left me, ultimately, unfulfilled. Still though,  'Tom Sawyer' IS a brilliant song.
B000002KBU|5.0|If you could only have ten albums, ever... this would be one.
B00003CXFU|3.0|Going against the grain here, I will have to say that this story wasn't as good as what it could have been.  And that's a pity, because it had all the  potential in the world to be much better, especially since it was based  upon a true story about mismanagement, corporate lies and conspiracy which  ruined the health of thousands of people.  Although Roberts is excellent as  the foulmouthed but compassionate Erin Brockovich and Finney is great as  her jaded boss, there's no doubt who the real stars of this movie are -  Julia Roberts' breasts!
1878424114|5.0|Este es solo para FELICITAR la creacion del libro... Me hizo crecer muchisimo y comenzar a investigar mas sobre este maravilloso viaje  ESPIRITUAL. GRACIAS POR TODO, SIGNIFICO MUCHO MAS DE LO QUE PUEDO EXPRESAR  EN PALABRAS
6305897786|2.0|I find it so hilarious, when people try to explain away film detractors by claiming that they are unintelligent.  How can anyone try to fit the complexities of a book into a 1-4 hour film? it is impossible. But if  these &quot;intelligent&quot; reviewers were as deep as they think they  are, they would be reviewing books, as films are an inherently non-cerebral  medium (other than visual artistry).  Not that this type of film can't be  complex, such as Clockwork Orange (which is actually entertaining as well).   What else do you expect from Polanski, a known child rapist who tries to  redeem himself through making pseudo intellectual films.  Are we all  supposed to be left over Tarot Card reading hippies from the 70's, which is  obviously necessary to undrstand most of the symbolism of the film?   Anyhow, great cast, great cinematography, and a great script for the first  2/3rd's of the film.  However, I found myself fast forwarding through the  last 1/3rd (how much do we need to see Depp walking and driving before we  begin to fall asleep?).  I felt cheated out of 2 hours of my life.
0783241569|2.0|I only watched this movie because I was a prisoner on a very long and boring transatlantic flight. Otherwise I would never have bothered.  The  acting wasn't bad, but it was very predictable and both Julia Roberts and  Hugh Grant played their typical typecast parts to the hilt.  I'm getting a  bit tired of Hugh Grant's fumbling, ain't-I-a-kinda-cute airs. But  apparently his affected charm is working.  Julia Roberts stars as Anna, the  beautiful, rich  actress  looking for the audience's sympathy for her  terribly &quot;difficult&quot; life. I have a feeling that most women will  love this sappy movie and will be running for the kleenex box big time! I   would  not consider buying this soap opera, but fans of Grant/Roberts might  appreciate it.
B00003CXHJ|1.0|Even though it has quite a good cast and the acting is good the exeution of the film is just not well done. During the submarine scene the sub that  the americans are on just keeps getting depth charged and depth charged and  depth charged. If your into this type of stuff rent it but otherwise you  might just leave it alone.
6305657939|5.0|This is a great movie, stylish, well done, suspenseful throughout. The person that gave this movie &quot;one star&quot;, criticizing it as  unrealistic, completely misses the point. True, maybe there are a few  things that are far fetched, but so are the James Bond movies for that  matter. It's all about fun. This movie is very well done on all accounts.  Casting was perfect. Rene Russo, one of the few models who can actually  act, appears to be expert at picking plum roles for herself. I've yet to  see her in a bomb. You will love this movie, and if you are putting  together a film library, this should definitely be in it!
0446677450|1.0|i am still thinking about the riches that jesus preached to the world: &quot;a few fishes and a few loaves of bread are enough to feed the  world.&quot;<br />when i saw an article about &quot;planning for  retirement,&quot; in my churches bulletin, and it used dollar signs to  denote bullet items, i thought: &quot;what is this world coming too.&quot;   this book is about putting dollar signs in bulletins.<br />neither rich dads  nor poor dads will be able to stop the devistation of the rain forests,  reduce the impact of oil spills, nor keep our garbadge from pilling up in  landfills.<br />neither rich dads nor poor dads will rise to the level of  mother theresa's loving embrace of the world, unless they give themselves  freely to the world like mother theresa.<br />while the book tells you how to  play the game, it certainly doesnt seem to say much about much.<br />i stayed  rich by reading the book in the library and leaving it there.  that follows  the advice of the book which suggests that you keep your money, accumulate  more, and dont spend it.
B000002J1I|5.0|First I bought Relayer (the best album ever made by any group ever).  Then  I saw the Relayer tour.  I loved the Roger Dean covers which was always a  major draw for me in buying more Yes albums.  I was somewhat disappointed  that Going For The One wasn't quite like Relayer and then when Tormato came  out my love for Yes really began to slip.  It seemed that gone forever were  the 20 minute songs and gone forever were the Roger Dean covers.  When I  did buy the Tormato album I played it over and over and I felt that Yes's  music was still there, but because the pieces were so short you really  couldn't lose yourself in them like you could with Tales, Relayer, and  Close to the Edge.  I give it 5 stars because it brings back fond memories  of listening to it over and over again on my parents 8-track stereo console  back when I was in high school.  I'm still looking for that next  &quot;Olias of Sunhillow&quot; album though.
B000002MUN|5.0|What's so striking about \\"Wildflowers\\" is how invigorated Tom Petty sounds, he and the music that surrounds him. There's a peaceful aura to much of this album, a serene feeling that is contagious. Some of these songs sound like a reaffirmation of life, in fact. \\"You belong among the wildflowers/You belong somewhere you feel free,\\" Petty cheerfully sings on the opening title track, as if he himself is ready to make a go at a new start.<br /><br />Though all these songs are great, some stand a bit taller than others. \\"You Don't Know How it Feels,\\" a sparse ditty in which Petty delivers a ripping mini-guitar solo twice, is laid back in sound but contains feisty, no-nonsense lyrics. A restless feeling pervades on the quiet but speedier \\"Time to Move On,\\" which, like the rest of the songs on this album, possesses a homey touch, as if Petty and his gang wrote everything by a campfire and recorded it all in a polished studio later. \\"You Wreck Me\\" is classic-sounding jukebox rock 'n' roll, a jumping track that ranks as high as anything Petty has ever done.<br /><br />\\"It's Good to be King\\" is also an untouchable classic, a mellow, stirring song where the renowned Michael Kamen lends his hand with beautiful orchestration at the end. A piano melody played by the talented Benmont Tench enhances the already-gorgeous ending to the song even more. It's almost hypnotically sublime.<br /><br />Give producer Rick Rubin a lot of credit for digging out a new and vibrant sound from Petty. Though \\"Wildflowers\\" has Petty's signature style all over it, he once again received ample help from a top-notch producer and musician friends that seem to follow him everywhere.<br /><br />Not all of the 15 songs on \\"Wildflowers\\" are as emotionally grabbing as \\"King,\\" but even the lesser songs evoke rich feelings. \\"Honey Bee\\" and \\"Cabin Down Below,\\" for example, have a down-home, good-time vibe, as well as fun lyrics and fat riffs. \\"Don't Fade on Me\\" is a much more sober song, just Petty, Mike Campbell and their acoustic guitars. It contains pleading, desperate lyrics that are heartwrenching, and a sad tone. The softly played but lightning quick acoustic guitar by Campbell midway through is especially amazing. The following tune, \\"Hard on Me,\\" continues a similar pattern; it's another soft ditty that seems to sum up Petty's emotional state that spans his roller-coaster life and career. Signs of that aforementioned renewed energy and hope, however, return on the closing ballad, \\"Wake Up Time.\\" Petty must have gone through some real soul searching to write a song like \\"Wake Up Time;\\" its message could be a lesson for everybody.<br /><br />Overall, \\"Wildflowers\\" is a beautifully woven album that contains typical Petty sounds. It's folksy at times but it rocks, countrylike at other times but it rolls. The tunes are deep, searching and occasionally haunting, with a hodge-podge of wounded feelings from Petty that hit home.s. It contains pleading, desperate lyrics that are heartwrenching, and a sad tone. The softly played but lightning quick acoustic guitar by Campbell midway through is especially amazing. The following tune, \\"Hard on Me,\\" continues a similar pattern; it's another soft ditty that seems to sum up Petty's emotional state that spans his roller-coaster life and career. Signs of that aforementioned renewed energy and hope, however, return on the closing ballad, \\"Wake Up Time.\\" Petty must have gone through some real soul searching to write a song like \\"Wake Up Time;\\" its message could be a lesson for everybody.    Overall, \\"Wildflowers\\" is a beautifully woven album that contains typical Petty sounds. It's folksy at times but it rocks, countrylike at other times but it rolls. The tunes are deep, searching and occasionally haunting, with a hodge-podge of wounded feelings from Petty that hit home.
B00002E23V|3.0|this movie is awesome action but poor horror i mean i thought they wouldnt just stay in the floating thing all way through the movie and the deaths  are so incredibly fast and most of them were fake like the shark it looks  like he was wiping the walls with that guy and there is more than one shark  and they could be bigger.this is still reccomended by me for action and  suspense but horror?no way!
6305908648|5.0|Deep Purple has always been a favourite band but when they re-grouped without Blackmore, I couldn't help wonder whether it would be the same. New  kid Steve Morse was a pleasant surprise. While no-one can quite outshine  Richie, Steve has an electrifying style of his own that has given the new  Deep Purple a different but altogether enjoyable sound.<br />This DVD  showcases the talents of the old rockers and proves that you can never keep  a good group down. The piece de resistance has to be the Concerto which is  probably one of the best pieces of classical-rock fusion that I have ever  seen. Oftentimes such pieces are ruined by either too much orchestral music  or endlessly long electric riffs that don't fit in with the orchestral  pieces. None of that on this DVD. Both groups of musicians merge their  music so seamlessly that you could be forgiven for mistaking one for the  other with your eyes shut.<br />The Purple originals are also showcased  perfectly with appropriate orchestral back-up. Ted the Mechanic is amazing.  All in all a must buy for Purple fans.
B00000J7JO|3.0|I'll admit it...I picked up album mostly for &quot;Californication&quot;  &quot;Scar Tissue&quot; and &quot;The Other Side&quot;.  With the  exception of a few others &quot;Right on Time&quot; and &quot;Road  Trippin&quot; this album doesn't really shine.  I love the Chili Peppers  and I was very happy that John re-joined the band, but this didn't do much  for me.  Granted the sound of this albums is nostalgic to their earlier  work, and it trailed away from the One Hot Minute mess.
B00003Q43A|5.0|Man, &quot;Independence Day&quot; still rocks since its release in '96. I recently bought a dvd player and this was one of the first movies  I got  along with &quot;The Matrix&quot;, &quot;Armaggedon&quot; and  &quot;Terminator 2&quot;. Will Smith really excelled in this film and added  some hilarious lines and Bill Pullman was perfect as the president. It is  truly spectacular to watch on a big-screen with your dvd player. I mean   WHOA!  Yes, It was a little cheesy as times but who cares! The awesome  special effects are the main reason to watch this classic  sci-fi thiller!  Buy it today!
0689825498|4.0|A consistent favorite of our 18 month old over the last several months. More durable than some of the other lift-the-flap books.
0312243022|5.0|I am a college senior writing my senior essay on Virginia Woolf and _Mrs Dalloway_.  My friends have all been telling me to read this book, so I  decided to start it.  It was amazing, and I don't use that word lightly.   It reworks the now familiar story of Mrs Dalloway in such a way that I  literally cried out when the three storylines intersected.<br />Cunningham  takes three stories: Virginia Woolf during the writing of Mrs Dalloway, an  unhappy suburban housewife named Laura Brown in 1950s California, and  Clarissa Vaughan's preparations for a party in modern New York.  Each  storyline is interesting, but I thought that the Laura Brown storyline was  the most compelling.  The parallel plots are connected in such a fashion  that it would be a crime to reveal it.  The miracle is that Cunningham does  not merely rewrite Mrs Dalloway by moving it to a different time and  place--he creates something quite new.  Everywhere the language echoes  Woolf's prose--even when I did not catch the exact allusion, I could feel  it.  Even the name Mrs. Brown is, I suspect, an allusion to one of Woolf's  more famous essays.  <br />Anyone who likes Virginia Woolf should enjoy this  novel.  But I also think that this book contains pleasures that Woolf  neophytes can also enjoy--the clean prose, the entrancing and intertwining  plots, and the startling denouement.  It's highly, highly recommended.  It  was the best book I read all summer (just displacing Woolf's _The Years_,  which is also quite good).
0790734435|4.0|After Tim Burton's 1989 blockbuster Batman comes the excellent and best Batman sequel, Batman Returns.  Michael Keaton gives an even better  performance as Batman/Bruce Wayne and Michelle Pfeiffer is the best  romantic intrest for Batman as Selina Kyle/Catwoman, who also teams up with  the Penguin to destroy Batman.  Unlike the funny yet stupid team-up of the  Riddler and Two-Face in Batman Forever, Catwoman and the Penguin balance  humour with seriousness just right.  Danny DeVito is such a good Penguin  you hardly know it's him.  The other villain is Max Schreck, a powerful  tycoon who wants to drain Gotham City of its power supply. Schreck also  allies himself with the Penguin, even though he is Catwoman's target for  revenge!  The story is very good, yet the screenplay is dark, mean, and  badly done. It fails to capture the wit, style, and class that the Penguin  had in the animated series, and turns him into being dark, sinister, and  frightening.<br />The action is good, and the visual effects are  outstanding.  Love that Schreck explosion curtesy of Catwoman. Chilling  climax in the sewer. Beautiful, dark cinematography by Stefan Kzampsky, and  Danny Elfman's score tops his original Batman one and I really enjoyed the  Batman theme.  Bo Welch's production design is more malevolent and well  done than Anton Furst's original sets.  The costumes are great also. Sound  and film editing are good. I really like the Bat hardware and the Batmobile  has new tricks in store for the Red Triangle Circus Gang and even the  police. Oscar nominatins for Best Visual Effects (Michael Fink-Lethal  Weapon 4, Craig Barron, John Bruno-Ghostbusters, Poltergeist 2:The Other  Side, The Abyss, Dennis Skotoak-The Abyss) and Best Makeup (Ve  Neill-BeetleJuice, Edward Scissorhands,  Mrs.DoubtFire, Ed Wood, Ronnie  Specter, Stan Winston-Heartbeeps, Aliens, Predator, Edward Scissorhands,  Terminator 2: Judgement Day, The Lost World: Jurassic Park).  No wins for  Batman Returns.<br />Overall, 4 1/2 stars because of Burton's clever  direction and style, great performances,and excellent production design and  cinematography.  I hoped the following film would be just as good or  better, but then Joel Schumacher came in and....
B00003CWTI|1.0|&quot;please die, just die quickly&quot; i kept saying to myself as the boring nonsense kept pouring out of the sick bed-ridden character played by  jason robbards. this was among the worst movies i have ever seen. all the 4  and 5 stars being given to this disaster speaks well of how low the public  and movie crtics' criteria for a good film has become. i agree with a  previous poster that tom cruise is an overrated actor and his performance  in this movie, especially the crying scene, is embarrassing.
6305537798|5.0|Ten Things I Hate About You is one of the best films of the year. It's a movie that just draws you in and makes you feel like one of the characters!  I rented it and watched three times, then bought it and watched it everyday  for two weeks! It's that good. It is not another &quot;teen flick&quot;  where mindless teens focus on two things: Sex and popularity. It gets to  the heart, loving someone for who they are, not their level of popularity.  <br />I have read Taming of the Shrew, and thought that this movie portrayed  it wonderfully! Congrats to the casting directors, every actor played  his/her role extremely well, especially Julia Stiles!<br />    This is a  wonderfully acted film and deserves all the praise it receives!
6305718903|5.0|An incredible soundtrack propels Stigmata as the best movie I have seen in decades.  The bare bones of the movie was about the struggle for oppressed  truth to be brought to public attention.  Certain truths are hidden for  political, medical,...selfish reasons.  Religious truths, be it small or  large, are often held undisclosed by another country or equally powerful  holder.  The religious truth pursued in the movie was that to love God  didn't mean you had to pray inside of a church or attend to a minister.   The Gospel of St. Thomas, scholars edition, that was found near where the  Dead Sea scrolls were found,  was used as supporting evidence.  The priest  who tried to decipher the scroll and make it public met an untimely death.   The spiritual influences in pushing the truth forward will be enjoyed by  people who believe firmly in the non-physical world interacting with and on  the human world.  The use of light and dark, music or a mix of sound  effects with music really added suspense and maintained it.    Wonderful  job by Patricia Arquette who played the unsuspecting messenger, Frankie  Paige, and Gabriel Bryne was a compelling and believable character, Father  Kiernan, who doubted miracles as the  scientific eye sent to dash the  miracle of stigmata in Frankie Paige.
B00000ILE6|5.0|The last time we had seen Ripley,played by Sigourney Weaver,she was a member of a crew returning to Earth that had been savagely slaughtered by a bloodthirsty alien that stalked the victims in The Nostromo,a space vessel which was headed back to Earth.She became the only survivor and had since then,spent 57 years in  deep animated sleep.57 years later,she awakens.Ripley who is now more aware of how these creatures are finds out that the planet were the creature from the first &quot;Alien&quot; came from is now inhabited by humans.Now,Ripley and a team of marines travel to that planet where they find out that humanity hs almost been wiped out due to the creatures.Ripley must now face the creatures in a showdown that would probably make sci-fi action fans appreciate that they are watching a film that is worth being called One of the best action films ever made.&quot;Sigourney Weaver teams up with director James Cameron who lets the viewers really have what they want.Packed with explosive special effects and action scenes that will make the screen explode,Aliens is too much not to be remembered.A true sci-fi classic.
630233683X|5.0|Gene &quot;Gotta Dance&quot; Kelly is the magic behind this wonderful movie.  He is fabulous, and is expertly supported by the extremely talented  Donald O'Connor, the hilarious Jean Hagan and the fresh and beautiful  Debbie Reynolds. <br />Kelly romps through this delightful and toe-tapping  musical which laughs at the difficulties Hollywood experienced in its  attempts to transform itself from the days of silent movies to the  &quot;talkies&quot;.  Kelly truly makes you believe that dancing isn't for  sissies.  I am enthralled by his grace, athleticism and sheer love of  dancing everytime I see this film.<br />The song and dance routines are  superb.  There's not a bad one in the bunch.  I don't know how they did it.   It is hard to choose a favorite with such numbers as &quot;Make Em  Laugh&quot;, &quot;Good Morning&quot;, &quot;Gotta Dance&quot;, &quot;Moses  Supposes&quot;, etc., but I must admit that the title song makes me want to  go out just &quot;singin' and dancin' in the rain&quot;.
0140177396|5.0|Mr. Steinbeck has created a masterpiece. Short but sweet and moving, &quot;Of Mice and Men&quot; touches our hearts with its interesting  characters and the lovable relationship between Lennie and George, which is  the very core of the book, highlighted by the loneliness present in every  one of the characters. But this friendship is an example which shows that  in some relationships you have to do things for the better, even though you  know that it is not the best thing; George, who realizes that Lennie cannot  be part of a society, brings the book to a very powerful close through his  surprising and unexpected action. <br />I recommend this touching, insightful  and thought-provoking novel to be read when there is spare time, since once  started, it wont be easy to put down.
0671027344|5.0|I had read reviews of this book but I didn't read it for a it for a long time, fearing it would be depressing.  I was wrong.  This book is  wonderful.  Charlie is one of the all-time greatest literary characters,  someone I wish was my friend.  He also makes the reader want to be a bit  more like him, more thoughtful adn observant.  This book deals with  difficult issues, but in a realistic way that avoids melodrama.  Read the  letters Charlie sends to his friend, and imagine the friend is yourself.   This book is so well-written that you will be convinced.
B00000G3PA|2.0|when you know every step of the way what is going to happen, it takes the enjoyment out of it. the movie looks good and the special effects are  impressive, yet the movie is boring. the plot is formulaic, the characters  are uninteresting and steven tylers' daughter is just annoying. i like  willis, but he just collected a check with this one.
B00004U2HK|5.0|Few films have been as overwhelmingly popular as \\"The Sound of Music\\"...and few films have borne as much contempt from critics, who tend  to dismiss its sentiment, its simplistic themes, its lack of \\"depth,\\" if  you will.  A giddy, tune-spouting nun (Julie Andrews, at her best) who woos  an Austrian captain and enchants his seven equally giddy, tune-spouting  children?  \\"Bah!\\" they say.  Sure, it won an Oscar for Best Picture, but  it's also one of the only movies to accomplish that feat and yet not  receive a screenplay nomination (\\"Titanic\\" was another, go figure).  Is  this sophisticated, provocative filmmaking?  No.  A better question--who  cares?<br />There are, no doubt, many \\"greater\\" films, but I doubt that even  the best of them are as durable, as endlessly enjoyable as this one.  I  wouldn't hesitate to label it a masterpiece.   I've memorized every frame  since I was six and it still leaves me spellbound each time I see it, and  that's a claim to fame only a full-blown masterpiece could make--I mean, I  love \\"Vertigo\\" dearly, but even it would lose my attention the fiftieth  time around.  Not \\"The Sound of Music.\\"  From that first stunning sweep  over the Austrian landscape to the rapturously uplifting final shot of the  Von Trapps crossing the Alps (if you don't consider that emotionally  resonant, I suggest you check your pulse), this is an unparalleled  entertainment.  And, of course, a musical second to none--I ask you, are  there any songs as delightfully hummable as the ones here?  I defy you to  enter a crowded room and find someone who doesn't know \\"My Favorite Things\\"  off the top of his head.<br />Alright, enough.  This is undoubtedly the most  undignified and ramblesome review I've written in a while, but I think I've  made my point.  It's been nearly forty years since \\"The Sound of Music\\"  first entered theaters--and hearts--around the world.  A hundred years from  now, by which time the medium will probably have altered beyond  recognition, it'll still feel like a classic.
079213690X|5.0|This is one of my favorite movies and one of the most well-produced on the market. I recommend reading &quot;Born In Blood: The Lost Secrets of Freemasonry,&quot; (John J. Robinson).... If you want the rest of the story.<br />Mel Gibson does the memory and Legacy of William Wallace Justice and I cannot imagine the other important characters in this historical movie played by others. This movie is very well casted.
B000002J09|5.0|THE BAND: Robert Plant (vocals), Jimmy Page (guitars), John Paul Jones (bass, keyboards), John Bonham (drums & percussion).<br /><br />THE DISC: (1971) 8 songs clocking in at approximately 43 minutes. The digitally remastered version released in 1994. Included with the disc is a 10-page booklet containing song titles/credits, song lyrics to \\"Stairway To Heaven\\" (only), and all original album artwork. All songs written by members of Led Zeppelin. This is the band's 4th studio album. Recorded at Headley, Grange, Hampshire and Island Studios in London, England. Label - Swan Song / Atlantic.<br /><br />COMMENTS: Zeppelin's 4th album (often referred to as \\"Zoso\\" or \\"Ruins\\") is the definitive Led Zeppelin recording. Here, the band's sound and concept, Plant's vocals, and Page's music and arranging skills finally crystallized into something completely distinct and original. 1971 was a great year for rock & roll. Black Sabbath had \\"Master of Reality\\". Deep Purple blazed with \\"Fireball\\". Rod Stewart told us \\"Every Picture Tells A  Story\\". The Who had \\"Who's Next\\". T-Rex had his \\"Electric Warrior\\"... but nothing matched the magnitude of \\"Zoso\\". Every song is a classic and can still be heard on the radio today (over 3 decades later). Jimmy Page was the mastermind behind this band and the direction they were taking. He co-wrote every song and produced the album. Each song is a staple - \\"Black Dog\\", \\"Rock & Roll\\", \\"Battle of Evermore\\", \\"Stairway To Heaven\\", \\"Misty Mountain Hop\\", \\"Four Sticks\\", \\"Going to California\\", and \\"When The Levee Breaks\\". Hard to believe only two singles were released in the U.S. from this album in 1971-72: \\"Black Dog\\" reaching #15 (B-Side was \\"Misty Mountain Hop\\"), and \\"Rock And Roll reaching #47 (B-Side was \\"Four Sticks\\"). But don't forget Led Zeppelin's most celebrated composition \\"Stairway To Heaven\\"... which turned into their greatest rocking anthem. This album defines rock & roll. Classic disc (5 stars).
B000002UAX|5.0|Let me start out by saying I am not an &quot;old fart&quot; (I'm 15), so  this is hardly music that I've grown up with!  The &quot;White Album&quot;  is full of experimentation and a wide range of different genres of music  (rock, pop, country, blues, ballads, classical, and just plain weirdness).   If you're looking for #1 hits, a bunch of popular singles thrown together,  this is the farthest thing from a Beatles greatest hits album!  This is a  wonderful album for those who have an open mind!  It is intended to be a  cohesive unit, listened to as a whole, rather than track by track.  If you  are not familiar with the Beatles, this is not the place to start!  It is  not very accessible, which is why some people criticize it, so a better  place to start would be with an album such as &quot;Sgt. Pepper's&quot; or  &quot;Rubber Soul,&quot; and both are superb!  <br />Onto the album: It is  true that there is a lot of what people consider filler, such as &quot;Why  Don't We Do It in the Road,&quot; &quot;Wild Honey Pie,&quot; and  &quot;Revolution 9.&quot;  However this is not typical filler for any  group!  It is so off the wall, and such a change of pace, that I enjoy  listening to it.  The last thing it could be considered is trite, as with  the whole album, which is why it was so innovative and revolutionary, and  I'm sure many artists have been influenced by this unusual material!  Some  of the Beatle's greatest song writing is found within the &quot;White  Album.&quot;  Paul's &quot;Blackbird&quot; is a beautiful, uplifting ballad  (he had many of those), but is surpassed by the absolutely magnificent  &quot;I Will,&quot; and two of John's most heartfelt songs,  &quot;Julia,&quot; and &quot;Dear Prudence.&quot;  Who said these guys had  meaningless lyrics!  George also makes a lovely contribution, proving he  has a knack at song writing too, with his rather depressing &quot;While My  Guitar Gently Weeps,&quot; including a lovely performance by Eric Clapton.   The Beatles proved they could rock with their hardest rock song,  &quot;Helter Skelter,&quot; written by Paul.  For those of you who say that  &quot;Helter Skelter&quot; is wimpy and weak in comparison with Nirvana,  Pearl Jam, and others, you are forgetting that this was the late '60s, and  hard rock and heavy metal were not invented yet!  &quot;Helter  Skelter&quot; was considered as close to metal as anything in those days,  and if the Beatles had tried anything closer, they would have been would  have been laughed at!  You've got to start somewhere!  George also wrote a  symbolic, sort of classical song, &quot;Piggies,&quot; which is quite good.   As far as country, there is Paul's humorous &quot;Rocky Raccoon,&quot; and  Ringo's catchy song, &quot;Don't Pass Me By.&quot;  John adds his unusual,  but brilliant songs to the &quot;White Album,&quot; with &quot;Glass  Onion,&quot; a truly strange, but equally good song, &quot;Happiness is a  Warm Gun,&quot; which is extremely well written and powerful, and even  spine-tingling &quot;I'm so Tired,&quot; which musically, is a very nice  song and fits in well with the album, &quot;Revolution&quot; a classic  protest song, very nice and catchy, one of the only songs that could be  considered &quot;single-worthy,&quot; along with &quot;Back in the  U.S.S.R,&quot; a parody of Chuck Berry and the Beach Boys.  The Beatles had  one blues song on this album, &quot;Yer Blues,&quot; which is a very nice  song.  Paul's 20s jazz inspired songs, &quot;Martha My Dear,&quot; and  &quot;Honey Pie,&quot; are both fabulous!  Also the very catchy and  wonderful reggae style, &quot;Ob-la-di, Ob-la-da,&quot; is truly the most  upbeat song on the &quot;White Album.&quot;  A perfect conclusion to one of  the Beatle's greatest albums is Ringo singing the lovely lullaby,  &quot;Good Night.&quot;  <br />Though strange and without any focus, totally  opposite of the concept album, &quot;Sgt. Pepper's,&quot; the &quot;White  Album,&quot; was recorded when the Beatles were begining to separate and  find their individual styles, truly the height of their career.  At the  very least it expanded the limits of rock and roll, and allowed one of the  most influencial and innovative bands ever to continue to blossom and grow.   The Beatles helped give full length albums their popularity over singles,  by turning their albums into works of art that are most valuable as a  whole.  The Beatles poured emotion, insight, and honesty into their work.   There is no better proof than the &quot;White Album.&quot;  It's not for  everyone, but it has intrigued and captivated millions of people who were  willing to give it a chance.
B000001ELP|1.0|KISS is a band, but they have a leader, Gene $immons. Paul is his puppet, and everyone else in the band was considered a necessary evil or a hired  hand. Gene $immons will do anything for a buck even though he has enough  money to buy the Pacific Ocean. Musical trends are Gene's motivation. Hard  rock in the early days, then disco, then pop, then back to hard rock with a  poppish feel. That is the secret of KISS's success and longevity. Go along  with the trend of the day. No other band has changed their focuses,  direction, appearance, or music as KISS.<br />One year Gene gets a bright  idea, a concept album. Was this influenced by the Who's 'Tommy', Pink  Floyd's 'The Wall', or maybe 'Physical Grafitti', or perhaps even 'Bat out  of Hell'?Whatever the reason Gene wanted to sink his teeth into this new  idea and lead KISS again into uncharted waters of their already strange  career.<br />People will say give this album a chance. I have many times. I've  heard every song many times, but to this day I cannot sit and listen to  this album straight through. ACE Frehley is my hero, he has been for almost  thirty years, but he even falls flat. His singing on 'Dark Light' is so bad  I have to almost turn it off out of embarrassment. Ace wanted to do a hard  rocking album and told Gene this was what KISS needed to do. Ace knew the  Unmasked/Dynasty period was over, and it was time to go back to their  roots. Gene wouldn't listen, instead he waited to go back in that direction  with Creatures of the Night. Unfortunately, by then ACE was gone.<br />KISS  are musicians true, but even Gene admitted, KISS are entertainers. Their  stage show mixed with arena rock are what the fans love and want, and it's  what made them famous. If Gene wanted to get 'deep', then he should have  come out with another weird solo album that would only be released in Chad  or Siberia.<br />Of course there was supposed to be a movie to go along with  this, hence the title name, but for whatever reason Gene never completed  that part of the project. Maybe he had spread himself so thin, or too many  people were taking over.<br />ACE hates this album, and most fans agree with  him. Paul says it's a good album if it's just taken for what it is, of  course he says that so he won't get Gene mad. My real curiosity was what  Eric Carr thought. His first album with KISS must have been a real shock  for him, unfortunately we'll never know.<br />If you're like me and have to  have everything KISS has ever done, don't buy this album at full price.  There are many used CD stores that would be happy to part themselves from  this album for only a few bucks. You'll thank me. Amazon made me give it at  least one star, but I would have rather left it blank.on Gene never completed  that part of the project. Maybe he had spread himself so thin, or too many  people were taking over.<br />ACE hates this album, and most fans agree with  him. Paul says it's a good album if it's just taken for what it is, of  course he says that so he won't get Gene mad. My real curiosity was what  Eric Carr thought. His first album with KISS must have been a real shock  for him, unfortunately we'll never know.<br />If you're like me and have to  have everything KISS has ever done, don't buy this album at full price.  There are many used CD stores that would be happy to part themselves from  this album for only a few bucks. You'll thank me. Amazon made me give it at  least one star, but I would have rather left it blank.
0060977493|5.0|I loved loved loved this book!  I'm a fan of Michael Ondaatje's novels, and this has some similarity with the poetic language and elliptical way of  telling a story.  I had to read it twice, as I've had to do with The  English Patient and In the Skin of a Lion.  Some books make you feel  &quot;ugh, you couldn't pay me to read it again&quot;, but this one, like  Ondaatje's, made me feel &quot;I know this is wonderful, I haven't grasped  what it's all about, but it's so good I have to read it again&quot;.  That  second reading set everything in focus for me.  542 reviews!  Is this #  543?
B00003CWTH|4.0|This film could have ranked really high, but it lost a little force during the last hour. The climax came a bit too early (the sychronous song - truly  one of the most remarkable and poignant segments in recent cinema  history).<br /> Of course, the whole premise of the movie is about  synchronicity. This theme is magnificently unfolded in the finest first 20  minutes of exposition  of  any film, anytime, with a soundtrack which is  also perfectly synchronous (I can't think of a play or opera that does a  better job, in fact).<br />It was sad and somewhat shocking how bad Robards  looks here, as he is one our National Treasury  actors.  It has been  reported by several sources  that he really is not long for this world,  which would deprive the stage of one it's great interpreters of O'Neill, in  particular.  I wonder about the producer/director's motives about including  him, given his condition. Cinema verite, to be sure, but taste and honor  have to have a vote hereabouts. I know that he is not the type that would  go gently into that good night, but...  The acting is uniformly great.  The overall premise and the director's vision thereof cannot be faulted,  save for the minor quibbles previously stated.<br />I noticed there wasn't  any statement at film's end concerning the fact there &quot;were no animals  harmed in filming.&quot; If any animal rights activists were involved in  the filming (which there had to be, given the size and composition of the  cast and the production crew), I would love to be informed how  all that  climactic footage was generated. I hated bisecting a frog in Biology class,  after all.
B00004TL21|5.0|The shear brilliance that Chino and the rest of the Deftones displays how  unique they are, and their musical influences really shine through.  Many  do not like this album because of the new softer side of Deftones, but I  figure that the Deftones grew with their music, why can't we?  Raw emotion  was put into all the tracks, and for the non believers that think the  Deftones went soft there are tracks on the cd such as &quot;Elite&quot;  which goes to show how much power they control on the stage.  A great album  along with the previous 2 albums, a must buy in my opinion.
044022425X|5.0|It is well written and keeps the reader glued to the book. <br />It is one of the best books I have read.  The only one that comes close is Barbara  Taylor Bradford's &quot;A Woman of Substance&quot;.  <br />I loved  &quot;Outlander!
B000002NIW|5.0|I will say straight off that Deftones are on of the best bands on earth.   Now that we have that out of the way if you like hard stuff but it sounds  like all the tracks are the same ( i.e Slipknot ) and you don't know where  to turn, turn to Deftones.  Now the koolest thing about Deftones would have  to be that not all their tracks are screaming, have great riffs and  melodies, and have Chino putting raw emotion into each track.  For a while  I was one of those guys that was total hardcore and loved to hear all those  wailers like Korn and Limp Bizkit.  Wow was I stupid!  Deftones really  opened my eyes to the musical diversity that lies around me and opened me  open to many new genres of music.  If you don't have this, go buy the cd  today.  A great cd that everyone with a stereo should own.
B00003CXFV|4.0|Julia Roberts outdoes herself in yet another David and Goliath struggle based on a true story.  Erin Brockovich (Roberts) is a down-on-her-luck  mother of three who can't seem to hold down a job.  After having an auto  accident, she makes a bumpy transition from client to employee at the law  firm and stumbles onto a case with staggering implications.  It seems that  utility giant PG&amp;E has poisoned the groundwater and the local residents  are getting gravely ill.<br />The story starts poorly with scenes of Erin  looking for jobs and botching her accident case.  The first twenty minutes  of the film could have been condensed into five.  However, once the  investigation of the case begins, the story is engrossing.  It is a  powerful and well written human interest drama centered on a tough and  smart (though crude) woman who leads a passionate crusade on behalf of the  victims.<br />Director Steven Soderberg played it straight in filming this  after his extremely avant-garde effort in \\"The Limey\\".  His key strength  here was the direction of the actors with both Julia Roberts and Albert  Finney giving excellent interpretations of their characters.  However, my  only negative criticism of the film was the way Erin's boyfriend George was  presented.  George is a grubby tattoo covered biker (the tattoo on his left  shoulder says &quot;DIRTY&quot;) who behaves like Ward Cleaver with a  ponytail.  He is genteel, articulate, level headed, patient, sensitive and  kind.  All of this is so disconnected with his lifestyle that it seems  inconceivable that a character this wonderful could possibly come in this  package.<br />Julia Roberts' gave a superlative performance that smashed any  myth about her inability as a dramatic actor.  A far cry from her  accustomed lightweight romantic characters, her portrayal of Brockovich was  gritty, raw and audacious.  Emotionally, she commanded states from  manipulative vamp and vicious harpy to sympathetic confidant and indignant  crusader.  This is unquestionably her best performance and legitimizes her  as one of the more versatile actresses in Hollywood.<br />Albert Finney also  gave a fine performance as the bumbling but effective curmudgeon of a  lawyer.  He was simultaneously obnoxious and charming and created a good  contrast to Roberts' character.  The two of them had terrific  chemistry.<br />Aaron Eckhart was lovable as George, although as mentioned  above, the character's forbearing personality didn't jibe with his  rebellious culture.  However, I put more of the responsibility for this on  the director than on the actor.<br />The DVD has some excellent comments by  the real Erin Brockovich that lend credibility to the story.  However,  Brockovich is so toned down in these interviews, it makes Roberts'  portrayal seem like an exaggeration.  <br />This is an excellent story that is  well and believably dramatized.  I rated it an 8/10.  For viewers who enjoy  strong dramatic performances and who are not offended by liberal profanity,  I recommend it highly.
B000002N2Z|5.0|Deftones debut albums churns out the hits left and right leaving no  prisoners.  Now you may be asking why none of them hit the radio and I have  been asking myself that same question since the dang album came out.  You  can tell it is their first recording because they have the younger and more  adrenaline rushed sound.  But isn't that what we all love to hear?  The  best thing to do is buy this album first, and buy the rest of the cds from  the years they were first released.  That way you can grow with the  Deftones music rather than judging one cd from the other.  A must own cd as  well as the rest of their cds.
B000002LND|5.0|This CD contains soothing easy listening music, great dance tunes and over  all good pop rock. If you are a long time Madonna fan wanting to get all  her best hits up to 89-90, or are a new fan wanting to own a great Madonna  CD, this is one to get. I love to hear her sing and watch her dance, and  been a fan since she first came out. Very few women(or men) have a voice as  soothing as Madonna. Soothing songs on the CD include: Cherish and Live to  Tell.There is a host of great dance music to listen to including :Holiday,  Borderline, Material Girl, Into the Groove, Open your Heart, Vogue, Lucky  Star, and Like A Prayer. While I don't care too much for the Like A Prayer  video, her voice is undeniably superb as well as those of the  backup  vocalists on the CD. This is one of those CD's I could listen to (and have)  for hours !
B00004NRWH|4.0|Well, first off I must say that this may not be the best cd but you should  deffinately add this one to your collection.  Nickelback vaguely sounds  like Days of the New, with a little less depressing lyrics.  If you are  scared of buying the cd because you fear that the only good song will be  &quot;Leader of Men&quot; you are very wrong.  Their are the select few  great songs, but I think they did a wonderful job putting all the songs  together because The State would not be at all the same without each  individual song.
B00003CX6P|2.0|What do you get when you cross a Merchant and Ivory Film with the typical hollywood serial killer flick?  You get the Talented Mr. Ripley.  The two  do not mix well.<br />Filled with great actors and wonderful scenery the film  is too long and too talky.  I think they tried very hard to make a  &quot;sophisticated&quot; thriller and I they DID NOT pull it off  successfully.<br />Interesting at times, the film is ultimately too long with  long streches of no real action.<br />The DVD has some cool extra features but  in the end I do not recommend owning this one.  It is worth a rental if  nothing else is in, but certainly not worth buying and watching again.
B000008H1Y|5.0|Move over Aqualung, Songs from the Wood is here!!  Get ready for a ride  through the velvet green hills of Ireland.  Every time I listen to this  album I think of the Renaissance Fair.  Ian Anderson's flute and whistle  playing is unbelievable.  I have 14 of their albums (from This Was to Heavy  Horses (except too old to rock...., Broadsword and the Beast, and Orginal  Masters) and I don't think Ian plays the flute any better then in songs  from the woods album.  This album is the central album for Jethro Tull.   Aqualung is good, but Songs from the Wood is definitively the album where  Jethro Tull brings out their best.  If I had to listen to one album the  rest of my life it would be this one.  Truly a masterpiece!!  Find another  album where someone plays the lute, mandolin, and glockenspiel and rock n'  rolls!!  Just a closing note:  Ian Anderson plays every single instrument  in Jack-in-the-Green!!  Enjoy pure Tull at their very best!!
0671578855|5.0|This novel incorporates all of Bujold's previously developed strengths - engaging characters, brilliant writing, the clash of culture with  technology, subtle insights that are revealed only after several readings,  and unflagging wit. The focus of the novel does shift from action/adventure  to political maneuvering, but Bujold's talent is such that even the  normally dry field of politics becomes must-read material in her hands.  <br />Bujold's writing develops with each novel, and A Civil Campaign is no  exception.  Miles has truly matured into an adult, and realized the  shortcomings of his &quot;winning is all&quot; approach to life.  Most of  the characters in the novel have moved into adulthood, in fact, finding and  accepting their own strengths and limitations. This novel was thus the  logical extension of Miles' development from an emotionally disturbed  teenage genius, into a confident man, at peace-with-himself, and no longer  needing to prove himself to the world.
B00000IKSC|3.0|I love BSB but I thought that this concert would have been better.  The stage was plain and there were no big elaborate dance routines.  I was very  impressed to see them playing instruments and singing &quot;Quit Playing  Games With My Heart&quot; at the same time.  It seemed like there were a  couple of mini-concerts cut and pasted together. There was no continuity to  the show at all.  I felt like I was missing something, at the end of every  other song they would have a finale, then come back on again in s different  oufit. I'm hoping that they come out with a better show next time.
079284632X|3.0|In this film Wes Craven is in the making. We find his favorite themes such as the way he makes fun of local cops : incompetent, fat, bird-brained and  other nice elements like that, and of course they always arrive late.  What's more it is hilarious to see them trying to thumb a lift and to be  put lower than chickens, in chicken scoops if you please. Hilarious, well,  not exactly because they are after four dangerous escapees from a prison  who are trying to kill a few people, starting with two girls. He also makes  fun of grown-up hippies and their baby hippy girl. Fun, but this time it is  not funny ah ah, because those postmodern hippies open their own house to  the murderers of their own daughter, though they don't know about it, but  yet, these  guests  are not exactly model guests. Finally the victims  find themselves alone in front of the criminals and they have to improvise  some defense or some vengeance, and there Wes Craven uses his favorite art,  which is quoting situations and means from other films. So we get all kinds  of strong images, including the chain saw that cannot be avoided. Still  this is only the beginning of a career, but the future genius of gross  horror is already born. Dr Jacques COULARDEAU, Paris Universities II and  IX.
B00000IKSC|3.0|I love BSB but I thought that this concert would have been better.  The stage was plain and there were no big elaborate dance routines.  I was very  impressed to see them playing instruments and singing &quot;Quit Playing  Games With My Heart&quot; at the same time.  It seemed like there were a  couple of mini-concerts cut and pasted together. There was no continuity to  the show at all.  I felt like I was missing something, at the end of every  other song they would have a finale, then come back on again in s different  oufit. I'm hoping that they come out with a better show next time.
0792846303|4.0|John Carpenter is one of the best film musicians. In this film his music is already at its best. It creates a whole atmosphere and it is a character  of its own. The second character is of course the fog itself. Carpenter is  trying to show the historical hypocrisy of small American towns, in this  case Antonio Bay in California, a city that was born from a pure crime : to  prevent the opening of a leprosarium on the site of this city one century  ago by killing all the future participants and the rich initiator, and also  by putting, their hands on his gold. The vengeance comes with a big patch  of fog that brings the dead victims back to the bay looking for the six  plotters who decided to kill them, and eventually a few others. The film is  extremely well done and Carpenter uses a local radio station as the  ultimate defense. This is very swift because it gives the film itself a  center and a dynamism that it would otherwise not have had. And naturally  he keeps a surprising and logical punch line, or punch scene, for the end,  that is the crowning stone of the vengeance. Discover it by viewing the  film with your own eyes. Dr Jacques COULARDEAU, Paris Universities II and  IX.
B00000IPAX|5.0|it's the best CD in the world, nothing better. and all you you cheap bands who are punks like sum 41, punkish stuff. don't think you're good beacause  nothing is better than blink 182. the top 5 albums. 5. significent  other-limp bizkit 4. buddha-blink 182 3. chesire cat- blink 182 2. dude  ranch-blink 182 and #1 is ENEMA OF THE STATE BY BLINK 182, although, i  don't have it, but i'm gettin all of then for christmas. so blink fans  don't don't let your masters down, buy thier CD's now
B00000JYGX|5.0|I'm listening to the French highlights CD right now. It is absolutely beautiful. I also have the English CD, but I won't make any comparisons. I  love both recordings equally. The music is beautiful sung in French, and I  can kind of follow it because I took a few years of that language. The  English version is equally so, possibly because they got Messieurs Lavoie,  Mervil, Garou, and Pelletier to sing. All I can say is that Notre Dame de  Paris is one of my favorites, French and English, and I can hardly wait for  it to come to Broadway and/or Boston.
B000002NE4|5.0|I don't know what more can be added to this release, aside from what's  already been said in the preceding reviews.  However, I just felt compelled  to write a review, so here it goes:<br />This is quite simply the best Nick  Cave release I have ever heard.  Dare I say that?  Yes, I would have to  confess that this release even surpasses &quot;Kicking against the  Pricks,&quot; or &quot;The First Born is Dead,&quot; etc.<br />This cuts right  through you.  Nick at, perhaps, his quietest.  One would think that would  go hand in hand with Nick being at his most vunerable.  That however is not  the case.  This is a vastly matured Nick.  Not vunerable, but wise. Yes, a  quiet wisdom...fraught with truths that have the power to immediately  &quot;disarm&quot; his listeners...a notion he explains by discussing the  teachings of Jesus Christ in his spoken word release, &quot;The Secret Life  of a Love Song.&quot;<br />To those considering this release, I would be  inclined to recommend getting &quot;The Secret Life...&quot; as a preamble  to this release.  It is such a highly personal and introspective spoken  word release, that is incredibly well-followed by &quot;The Boatman's  Call.&quot;<br />This release defintely draws the listener within its folds.  The words, sang/said with so much conviction, become almost immediately  emblazened in one's mind.<br />Worth noting, if it at all helps the  description of this cd, I found this release to be very similar in nature  to &quot;Nighthawks at the Diner,&quot; &quot;Closing Time,&quot; and  &quot;The Heart of Saturday Night&quot;  all by Tom Waits.  Very, very  similar moods/vein.  Even Springsteen's &quot;Nebraska&quot; is extremely  close in nature.<br />Yes, should you have a cd player in your auto, grab the  following: &quot;The Boatman's Call&quot; -Nick Cave;  &quot;Kicking  against the Pricks&quot; -Nick Cave;  &quot;Closing Time&quot; -Tom Waits;  &quot;Nighthawks at the Diner&quot; -Tom Waits;  &quot;Nebraska&quot;  -Bruce Springsteen; and,  Any release by This Mortal Coil (for the sheer  beauty)<br />Then, get in your car and drive.  At night.  Windows down.  Through the desert.  Alone.  Forlorn. Endless highway.  Hypnotized by  hyphened yellow/white lines.  Maybe a .357 Magnum in the passenger seat.<br />That is the jist of this cd.  Dark, haunting, hopeful, beautiful.<br />Get  this cd.;  -Bruce Springsteen; and,  Any release by This Mortal Coil (for the sheer  beauty)<br />Then, get in your car and drive.  At night.  Windows down.   Through the desert.  Alone.  Forlorn. Endless highway.  Hypnotized by  hyphened yellow/white lines.  Maybe a .357 Magnum in the passenger seat.   <br />That is the jist of this cd.  Dark, haunting, hopeful, beautiful.<br />Get  this cd.
630575067X|4.0|Okay, so George Lucas is dialogue-challenged.  It ain't &quot;War and Peace&quot;--but you've got to give credit where it's due.  He does epic  better than anybody, and he's kept generations of fans hanging in there for  over twenty years.  I will be sorely disappointed if Ewan McGregor's  Obi-Wan doesn't inherit the mantle of Harrison Ford from the original  trilogy. Give Obi-Wan a girl, for crying out loud! C'mon, George--he exudes  sex appeal.  Make use of it--not all of your fans are prepubescent!
B000002GYG|5.0|This is probably my favorite Tom Waits release ever, with &quot;Closing  Time&quot; and &quot;The Heart of Saturday Night&quot; and &quot;Small  Change&quot; all constantly fighting for first place.  &quot;Blue  Valentine&quot;, if, for nothing else, &quot;Whistling Past the  Graveyard&quot; is in there too.<br />Flashback to when I was 4 or 5 years  old.  My grandfather's house.  Texas.  Sitting on the floor as he sat in  his rocker, packing his pipe.  He would tell me stories by some guy named  Red Sovine.  &quot;Big Joe and Phantom 309&quot; and &quot;Giddy-up  Go.&quot;  He would also tell me stories about &quot;A Boy Named Sue,&quot;  &quot;John Henry,&quot; &quot;Whispering Pines,&quot; and &quot;Springtime  in Alaska,&quot; but those are for other reviews!<br />Fast forward to when I  was 14 years old or so.  California.  Listening to college radio.  KFJC.  Maybe KSJS.  &quot;The piano has been drinking.&quot;  Blows me away.  Makes me go swipe my father's bottle of scotch.<br />Having that exposure may  go some distance, at least to closet psychologists, in explaining my  appreciation of Tom Waits.  Ask many people, and they'll tell you that it  sounds as if Mr. Waits has seen nothing but a steady diet of Lucky Strikes  and Old Grandad for the last 40 years.  Maybe that's true.<br />However, I  can't get over how incredible this stage of Tom Waits' career is.  These  albums are amazing.  And, try as I may, I cannot get into the supposed  &quot;wonder&quot; albums of &quot;Frank's Wild Years&quot; or  &quot;Swordfishtrombones.&quot;  Sure his later albums, i.e. those in the  last decade, are amazing.  However, most of them remind me of the snake in  Disney's &quot;The Jungle Book&quot; singing &quot;Trust in me.&quot;  It  just doesn't cut it as much as these releases.  Particularly this one.<br />It  is an amazing album.  Good for driving incredibly long distances, late at  night.  Or, for sitting in a completely darkened room, save for one lamp,  with no lampshade of course, and a bottle of Jim Bean (with the cap thrown  away).<br />I hope this helped somewhat.  If nothing else, maybe it's given  you an idea of what to look for in Tom Waits paraphenalia.<br />Now, though,  &quot;I gotta make like a hockey player and get the puck outta  here...&quot;lampshade of course, and a bottle of Jim Bean (with the cap thrown  away).<br />I hope this helped somewhat.  If nothing else, maybe it's given  you an idea of what to look for in Tom Waits paraphenalia.<br />Now, though,  &quot;I gotta make like a hockey player and get the puck outta  here...&quot;
B000002GVO|1.0|I was shocked at the 5 star reviews for this album. It might be the smuggest, most self centered collection of banal third rate rock ever  recorded. The melodies are trite, the setiments predictable and  hypocritical and their watered down Poco styled music is only matched by  their watered down boogie rock. Pathetic. Perhaps the worst well known rock  album ever. I'd give it Zero stars but there doesn't seem to be that  option.
B000000W6X|1.0|I bought this CD after being exposed to Nicolette's amazing vocals on Plaid's amazing \\"extork\\". On \\"Protection\\" she sings \\"Three\\" and \\"Sly\\". These songs are fine (the music's a little snoozy) but her underground solo work is generally better.  The other tracks range from dull to downright irritating.  Sounding hodgepodged, there is no common style nor theme to this album.<br />I even bought Massive Attack's \\"No Protection\\"remixes hoping for better luck as well as different takes of the Nicolette tracks (so I can cut and paste my own remixes on my MD player).  Well,  her voice isn't even ON that disc, and as a whole the music was even LESS memorable.<br />Perhaps Massive Attack, though seemingly popular, just isn't for me.  Maybe they just aren't strange and distinctive enough to suit my tastes.  ...
6305908648|4.0|I found the idea of a heavy metal rock group and a Symphony Orchestra  playing together more than a little interesting, so I bought the region two  DVD available here. My - what a surprise - it really does work! The two  hour performance starts off with several mainly classical pieces involving  very little instrumental work from the group and then leads into a three  movement Concerto (on tracks 6 to 8) for group and orchestra lasting for  over 50 minutes. The remaining five tracks are mostly heavy metal. My  favourite track is Ted The Mechanic on #9. That one will get your subwoofer  working overtime!!<br />IMO the outstanding musicians in the group were Jon  Lord on keyboard and Hammond organ, and Steve Morse on Guitar. Those two  are totally brilliant. The London Symphony Orchestra was conducted by Paul  Mann and the performance was recorded in the Royal Albert Hall in London  England.<br />This is a very worthwhile addition to my music collection and I  would recommend it highly to anyone considering buying it. The audio is in  Dolby 5.1, the picture quality is excellent and what was generally good  camera work was marred in several places where the handheld shots were  unacceptably shaky.
B00000J6AG|2.0|This CD is very repetitive.  The song structures are simple and there is  no development.  I don't consider this techno, it's Pop music (not that  that's WRONG, but... if you're looking for TECHNO, look elsewhere - like  Fluke, Underworld, Squarepusher, Plaid, Autechre, etc.)  Porcelain is a  good wholesome electronic song; I like it (who wouldn't?)  The rest sound  gimmicky - It's all very listenable, but it doesn't take your mind or  emotions anyplace.  You just sit, listen, ok ...  it's fine for the  dentist's office.  I'll still listen to my copy (which was a very  thoughtful gift after I showed interest in exploring it due to the  ratings).  Some songs are good -- porcelain and ... I believe it is track  9, machete... whichever one sounds techno-like... these are good songs.   The rest is just very so-so.  Some old blues line - and I mean ONE LINE,  repeated incessantly over the same simple beat ... that is a good majority  of this CD.  Really, this disc should probably get a little more than two  stars because it is more enjoyable than another cd I recently gave a 2-star  rating to.  But I just can't believe how overrated this album is.  They'll  be playing these songs in Meijer's in a couple of years.
B000002OX7|5.0|This is undeniably one of the best albums ever released.  A masterpiece,  the Who's best work, it's awesome!!!!!
B00004TL21|5.0|This is a very very good cd. Seems deftones changed their sound a little i  think but they still rule. My personal favs are knife prty,korea and  passanger with maynard james keenan helping with some singing in that song.  Passanger just rules cause maynards in it you need to hear it cause it  rules. You buy it you but it
6304602944|5.0|I saw this movie alot when I was younger. Me and my friends watched it  twice a day. The action in this movie is superb. This is the movie that  originated the word F.U.B.A.R. It has continous action. Teri hatcher is in  this movie and plays a very attractive stripper. I would buy this movie  right away. I'm happy it finale came out on DVD.
B00004SCX6|5.0|Britneys new album was suprising! I suspected lots of slow surupy songs, but was suprised at the fast upbeat songs!She has talent! 1.5/5 Oops..I Did  it again:A major hit! This is one of those songs you can listen to  endlessly and never get tired of! Britney shows her ultimate talents as a  pop artist in this song! 2.5/5 Stronger:A suprising song! I was suspecting  a couple hits out of this C.D., but Stronger and a couple others suprised  me! Don't skip over Stronger! 3.4/5 Don't go Knockin on my door:This is a  well written,sassy song with good lyrics,but the tune is strange.Would make  the top 10! 4.5/5 I can't get no (Satisfaction):Go Britney! One of my  favorite songs on the ablum! a definate hit! 5.3/5 Don't let me be the last  to know:A pretty song with good lyrics,but I usually skip over it. 6.5/5  What U see is what U get:Britney does it again! A well written fast upbeat  song that needs more credit then it has! 7.5/5 Lucky:Outstanding!Need I say  more? 8.3/5 One kiss from you:Eh, a so-so song. Not one of her best. 9. 2/5  Where are you now?:Britney has good vocals,but thats about all she can do  for this song. I usually skip over it. 10.5/5 Can't make you love me:A  great upbeat fast song that Britney preforms great! A hit! 11.1/5When your  eyes say it:I skip over this song,Britney sings pretty good,but the lyrics  and tune is just blah. 12.4/5 Dear Diary:Very sweet! I'm impressed with  Britney's writing!(yes she wrote this song.) Overall I give Britneys album  a 5! Go Britney!
B00003CXFV|1.0|Looking at the main character in the movie...without reference to the  plot..what can we say? A foul mouthed,combative litigious women becomes a  heroine. Having been caught up in this perception the movie was  disappointing at best
0446677450|5.0|In his 1st book &quot;Rich Dad Poor Dad&quot; (RDPD), Robert Kiyosaki addressed the drastic differences in mindsets between the Rich and the  Poor. The world change. And we have to change with it. Most people, I am  sorry to see, are way behind. &quot;Graduate from school, then graduate  from university, get a good job, buy a big home, on and on&quot;. This  &quot;poor&quot; formula will not work anymore. Buy this book and simply  get updated to the new financial world. The book is long enough (over 200  pgs), and I found myself getting impatient at times. But after reading it  all the way through, I find myself planning to read it again. I would  advise anyone buying this book to sit down after reading it and think over  your life and then start making a financial plan for your new rich life. Be  patient with this book and after reading it through, read it again and take  notes, and by all means take action. It is worth reading again and  again.<br />I give it 5 big stars because RDPD just make good sense. Sure, for  some (specifically, those that are already financially literate) Kiyosaki's  points are too simplistic (assets vs. liabilities, buy assets instead of  &quot;doodads&quot;), but for the majority of people seeped in credit card  debt, this making us virtually slaves to our employers and to the  government, his book provides excellent guidance for getting out of the Rat  Race, and starting to take charge of our personal way of life.<br />I liked  the ideas in this book, they excited me and made me tell all my family and  friends about it. My wife is not reading English. So, during our evening  walks I told her the RDPD chapter by chapter. And she was listening it with  great attention and was really excited with the financial ideas of Robert  Kiyosaki. I think, RDPD is the must reading for a lot of people all over  the world, and particularly for everybody in ex-communist countries. This  should be required high school reading material.<br />If you're notrich then  read this! The book is truly inspirational. Kiyosaki explains exactly how  you need to think. &quot;The more control you have over the way you achieve  your income, the more control you have over your life.&quot; Thanks,  Robert, your RDPD is really good reading!
B000002UA9|4.0|This is NOT Elvis after he got out of the army, and started going  &quot;adult&quot;, this is NOT Bob Dylan, who was 3 years away from going  from folkie to rocker, this is NOT &quot;Sgt. Peppers&quot; or  &quot;Revolver&quot;- the idea of someting like those later recordings even  existing back then (a mere 4-5 years) is akin to time traveling today. What  this IS, is primitive rock n roll, very, very close to the roots. This is  rock n roll before it became ROCK. Before the &quot;swing&quot; was taken  out. Before everyone was too stoned or too &quot;cool&quot; to get out on  the dance floor. Sedentary music (what rock later became), and living, was  everything this music was rebelling against. Here on the American shore,  the spirit of rock n roll was hanging on by its fingernails, kept breathing  by the exuberant sounds of the girl groups (which is why their records are  so prominently represented here). When this 1963 album &quot;hit&quot; here  in early 64, and the Beatles were credited for sounding so  &quot;fresh&quot;,only reinforces how far removed we were from the early  sounds of rock n roll. The Beatles in essence were giving back to us our  own music. With a foundation built on Elvis' early records for sound, the  harmonies learned from the Everly Brothers (without the politeness) and a  songwriting style close to Buddy Holly's, this first Beatles LP (recorded  in one day) distills everything they had learned and loved about rock n  roll. They started to blur the lines between professional songwriters and  singers. On the American release, the fact that they wrote half the album  did not go unnoticed, by anyone. Neither did the fact that, against the  professional songwriters' tunes, their stuff not only sat well, but shined.  This was a rock n roll band, complete....A fine representation of what it  must have been like to see them at the Cavern (minus the enormous sense of  humor they possessed)....Instant classics like &quot;I Saw Her Standing  There&quot;, &quot;Please, Please Me&quot;, and &quot;Twist &amp;  Shout&quot; ( with Lennon's throat shredding vocal, in a version that stays  true to the core Isley Bros'. original, while it improves and finally  transends it. This should always be the bar set for anyone thinking of  doing someone else's tune). Lennon's vocal on &quot;Anna&quot; is even more  amazing.With a lazy beat that hesitantly moves the song (a precursor for  the whole Muscle Shoals sound out of Stax) Lennon's vocal takes nothing  from Arthur Alexander's wonderful original. This is the first, great rock  ballad singing. Raw, yet always on pitch, Lennon so completely makes the  song his own, you can't believe he didn't write it.....And then there's  &quot;There's a Place&quot;,after all these years the still unheralded gem  of the early Beatles' catalog (and I like it that way). It's not what it  says that makes this song so powerful, its the place its coming from, the  unwritten backstory, the scene of where the singer is, the room it gives  the listener to create his or her own version of why the need to escape is  so important here. The fact that it rocks and drives the way it does, is  what all great rock n roll songs have in common. And all in a minute and 47  seconds.... As for McCartney, his exhuberance is all over the album.  Whether fronting or singing back-up, the sheer joy he is experiencing on  each of these tracks, the fact that he's &quot;making a record!&quot;,  leaps right out at you......George's almost hesitant singing on his two  numbers (does he have a cold?) vs. Ringo's total abandon lead on  &quot;Boys&quot; (a girl group number that he turns into a taunting salute  to the girls about the male gender) balances things out  beautifully.......After this album, the Lennon/McCartney wheel started to  spin, and producer George Martin gave the edict that any singles pulled  from the recording dates, would not be duplicated on any albums 14 cuts; in  order to spare record buyers frompurchasing the same song twice. He never  would have kept a job at Capitol Records.
1572522089|5.0|This is an amazing movie. Amazing battle scenes. Amazing visuals. Powerful depiction of loyalty and treachery among brothers, husband &amp; wife, etc.  Calm turns to chaos as the plot escalates. And it completely blows my mind  to think of how they got all those people and horses to make those  unbelievably vivid battle scenes. Wow. The main female character is  amazing, too. This is definitely an epic movie. It'll take a while to watch  (3+ hours?), so set aside time for it.
B000007T1M|5.0|I was not a hardrocker for the majority of my music-listening life.  Notice I said &quot;was&quot;.  That all changed after I heard this  explosive debut album.  This music just blew me away and left me craving  for more.  &quot;Spider&quot;'s slow guitar and raw emotion is just one  example of how this band truly rocks the music genre.   &quot;Suite-Pee&quot;, &quot;Know&quot;, and &quot;Peephole&quot; are some  samples of these awsome songs.  Serj Tankian's passionate vocals  reverberate through the disk, screaming out with a unique anger tempered  with conviction.  And this shows in this brillian music.  His performance  is matched by the intense performances of Daron, Shavo, and John on guitar,  bass, and drums.  This music is the most amazing thing I've heard in a long  time.  The rhythms are so hypnotic that one cannot help but bob your head  and shout along with the lyrics.  Anyone who is looking for a superb album,  an instant classic,should buy this album.
0838577016|5.0|This text (or perhaps an earlier edition) was a lifeline for me for many years as a undergraduate and postgraduate student of psychology (with  semester units in neurophysiology and neuroanatomy).  It was completely  perfect in that it covers the fundamentals of neuroscience in slightly more  detail than one needs (unlike most textbooks which always seem to do  everything in slightly less detail).  Just like you always feel that you  have to be clutching a calculator when you're studying physics, so you need  this for any kind of neural science studying.  It has clear, lavish  pictures and everything is thorough and easy to understand.<br />And, oh boy,  what a Book!  You really feel that you've got something for your money.  It's hefty, it's intellectual, and it looks damned good on the bookshelves.  The paper is glossy, everything's set out well, and you feel good every  time you refer to it.<br />When I was a student, my general principle was to  BUY NO TEXTBOOKS, and this one was very expensive for me at the time, but  it was worth it.  Probably the most valuable book I had in all my 8 years  of formal studying.  It contained everything I needed in terms of  information on this topic, and on the rare occasions when I had to go  further into something, there were very useful references at the end of  every chapter.<br />I strongly recommend it.  You'll use it for years, and  when it's time to move on, it'll be easy to sell.
6304169558|5.0|Reading some of the reviews about this movie, I've noted that a lot of  people believe that the only good part of the movie was the special  effects, and many believed that the plot was lacking.  I believe that the  special effects were great, but they were only an extra goody, and not the  best part of the package.<br />In the beginning of Twister, you are taken back  several years to the late sixties in the eastern part of the United States.   A father rushes through his country home, and his wife follows his lead  with their daughter, Joe, with them.  They hide in a backyard storm cellar,  but as the storm begins to pick up, they discover that the family dog is  not inside.  The father quickly ushers the dog inside, and shortly after he  recloses the door, the twister comes.  The father gets sucked into the  tornado, holding the door, while the mother and daughter are still safe  inside the cellar.<br />After this, the movie goes to the present, and a new  plot begins.  Joe's husband catches up with the storm chasers-also, his  former work companions-to have his wife sign the divorce papers so he could  get married to his new fiance, who he brings along.  But when trying to get  Joe to sign the papers, a tornado is found nearby, and the storm chasers  follow it to send up their newest project-Dorothy.  Dorothy is a machine  that both Joe and her husband designed, and when it comes in contact with a  twister, it will send up many sensors, enabling the storm chasers to get  readings on the tornado.  Their theory is if they can get readings on  tornados, and learn about them, they will be able to create better tornado  warnings, allowing people to get to safety more quickly before a tornado  hits.<br />Personally, I really liked this movie.  When I rented it awhile  back, I would just watch it over and over.  The plot is rather likeable,  and the characters are interesting and unique.  I recommend this movie to  the people reading this, not only for the special effects, but for the  whole package.
B0000028SR|5.0|I don't know why's everybody complaining about this album.Okay there are  few flaws like &quot;Pony boy&quot; or &quot;Man's job&quot; but surely  there is enough good songs to overcome those misses.Title track is huge and  accompanied with &quot;Cross my heart&quot;,&quot;Gloria's  Eyes&quot;,&quot;Real World&quot;,&quot;I wish I were blind&quot; and  &quot;Long goodbye&quot; makes this one great cd.
B000003TAR|5.0|After listening to In Utero, and seeing that it sold way less than Nevermind, it's clear to me the thing that happened with Nirvana: idiots  got away from them. This is a way better album than Nevermind, although  that is one hell of an album, this time Nirvana does what Depeche Mode did  with Songs of Faith and Devotion after the release of Violator, they became  more personal. So this is a very emotive album, Heart Shaped Box, Dumb and  Radio Friendly Unit Shifter, are some of the greatest Nirvana tracks, and  the listener can feel Kurt singing angrier than ever. I just wanted to  state that In Utero is THE definitive Nirvana album.
0783219172|5.0|I love this movie. It ranks right up there with the classic 1944 &quot;The Uninvited.&quot; I get those good scary feelings from the top of my head to  my toes. It's ghostly elements are charmingly mixed to keep you going while  giving you some delightfully hard laughbouts from Michael J.Fox's ghost  cronies. All the actors playing the ghosts were great(--are they  naturals?)The town where this was shot is absolutely to die for...I love  the way this movie judiciously applied the time and effort to the ghostly  F/X instead of spending it all on gory stuff. There's a little blood  and  guts but I didn't find it offensive or gratutious. I hope Hollywood can  make more horror films like this one which blend love,mystery and some good  old fashioned ghost story elements into charmingly delicious ghoul's brew.I  watch this regularly and never get tired of it. I don't want to give away  the plot for those who will watch for the first time. Trust me,you are in  for a tremendous treat.Turn off the lights, check the doors and  remember,there's no such thing as--
B00000FCBC|4.0|What an album! I've gotta say this is one of my favourite MetallicA albums, it shows the true range of music that they can reach and perform  well. When I first heard the album I thought it was pretty rubbish, but  after listning several times, I became totally hooked on the way Hetfield  was singing old songs but giving them a rougher edge in a very metallica  style, still keeping the routes of the songs the same. My favourite song is  &quot;Mercyful Fate&quot; as I am a bit Fate fan. This song is geniously  made by taking the best parts of classic hits and putting them together  into an 11min thriller. Once again, the song sounds great, even though it  is a much more high tech sound than Mercyful Fates versions. It is amazing  how Hetfield has used his vocals to make this song sound good when it is  totally different from the originals, it may even be better!
B00000I924|5.0|I saw Jeff and Co. in March 1999 and I was blown away by his musicianship.  Jennifer Batten did a great job accompaning Jeff. It was great to see Jeff  recording and on tour again after all these years. I don't think you'll  hear anyone of his caliber ever again.
B00000JCOV|1.0|I had to hear for myself how this band sounds. I mean afterall, I am a true fan of music, and I give everyone a chance. I must say there are a few moments on this CD when I was impressed, but they are few and far between.  There are nine members in thise band (a few too many if you ask me) and we all know what happens when you have too many cooks (they spoil the broth) and that is exactly what we have here, nine people making an awful lot of noise. I listen to a wide range of music, from classical to metal (with the exception of rap) and I must say that repetition and two chords don't really make a song, and there is sure a lot of that runnning around nowadays (Korn, Limp Bizkit, etc.) and that is one thing I don't tolerate because it gets old and boring. The one thing I did like about this band was their drummer(s), I think he has a great deal of talent, but as for the rest of the band, I can't say the same thing. I was quite impressed with some of his skill. As for their guitarists, I really like to hear more than power chords and harmonics. I mean it sounds like they are taking a short break betweeen songs and then start right back up again into the same thing.  To be honest with you I did like the distortion of the guitars, but believe me, that's not sayingmuch. Also, go ahead and say that this review wasn't helpful to you, it's not going to change my life. Later (much later)
B00004RFFM|2.0|This movie is so bad that I can't even begin to list the words to describe how awful it is (well here's just a few)...<br />1. A Tiger Shark? Please  don't insult my intelligence with a Tiger shark (the main food of the  bigger sharks in the movie) that doesn't even look like a real TS! OK let's  get a Great White and just paint stripes on it. Voila! A Tiger shark! Yeah  the stupid audience will fall for that...<br />2. Intelligent sharks? If the 2  big bad sharks in the movie are so smart and able to distinguish things  like a shotgun being pointed at them, why do they fall for the fire  exstinguisher/safety vest decoys that the surviors use at the end to fool  them? You mean they can tell whether somebody's pointing a deadly weapon at  them in dark water, but yet can't tell that the stream of bubbles is just a  open fire exstinguisher risng to the surface in broad daylight? Even a real  shark can tell the difference!<br />3. Special effects? I don't why everybody  seems to rave about the F/X in this movie. If you really watch it, you'll  notice the sharks and their jerky movments in many scenes. Yeah, there are  a couple of cool effects,but most of it looks like the poor animation from  the Land of the Lost TV show. Add all this up and you have a less than  convincing moster...<br />Do yourself a favor. Pick-up JAWS (25th Anv. on  DVD). Possibly the greatest movie ever made about humans and their fear of  the sea. Yeah I know 2,3 &amp; 4 really stunk, but that's Hollywood for ya.  Like sharks smell blood, studios smell big money. And like any big hit they  try to work it for all it's worth...
0446364495|1.0|A truly wretched book that reduces romance to a jumble of poorly-written cliches.  The writing is so astoundingly awful that it is often quite  funny, sounding like a prizewinning entry in one of those Bad Writing  contests.  The unintentional hilarity is the book's only asset; otherwise,  it's a sugar-frosted turd.<br />If you enjoy reading Harlequin Romances while  listening to &quot;You Light Up My Life&quot; played on a Hammond organ,  then &quot;Bridges&quot; might be for you.  On the other hand, if you've  ever found pleasure in a book written by a competent author, approach  &quot;Bridges&quot; in the same way you'd watch &quot;Plan 9 From Outer  Space.&quot;
B00003CXFG|3.0|Okay I love bad sci-fi movies and maybe I was just expecting to much from this one, but if your looking for something as classic and high qaulity as  Aliens, don't look here.  My main problem is with the creatures, okay  evolutionaly speaking they are just dumb.  What kind of large creature  would develope wings and the ability to fly if it lived pretty much its  entire life underground? And 2 what kind of creature survives on a planet  with night once every 22 years or so and disentegrates when its touched by  light? again just dumb.  Okay that aside, its a pretty fun ride.. thrills  and spills and if your not expecting to much its fun but don't go looking  for more than that...
0064407667|1.0|After reading the glowing reviews here I was thrilled (or so I thought) to find a series of books for my ten year old son.  He is an avid reader and  so we are always looking for good reading material.  The first book was so  simple and unimaginative that he asked if he had to finish it.  \\"Had to  finish the book\\", this from a child who prefers reading to almost anything  else.  I then read it myself and understood why he didn't want to finish  it.  The story tries too hard to be cleaver but never really pulls it off.   Yes, defining words seems like a great idea but even that gets old after a  while.  Nor does Snicket do a good job with all of his definitions.  Then  there is the \\"warning\\" on the back cover letting us know that the book is  not a happy book and if you like that sort of thing to find another story.   There are lots of examples where children are asked serious questions and  walk through tough situations in the course of a book.  Hatchet by Gary  Paulsen, Holes by Louis Sachar and The Harry Potter books by J.K. Rowling  to name a few.  The difference is the children in these stories work their  way through whatever problems arise and grow and learn from them.  There is  a sense of hope even in the worst of times.  By the authors own admission  he offers no hope in his stories.  The Baudelaire siblings go from one bad  experience to another.  Is this really what you want your children reading?
0446677450|2.0|First I hate people who are taken with themselves...I felt like I was watching an infomercial at 11pm when I read this.  You  know, the guy who talks too fast, too loud and sounds like he's 'gonna make  ya swim wid da fishes' if you don't do what he says.<br />Very contradictory  with his opinions on education.  On one page he says its no good and he has  no use for it and on the next he says how important it is.<br />In summary  this is a book that spouts real estate leveraging.  Nothing more.  It is a  simple concept but not for everyone.  I get the feeling that if I don't  make millions the way this guy did I should resign as a respectable human  and eat my meals out of a dumpster.<br />Don't waste your money.  Lucky it was  30% off.  At least that made me feel like I was buying into this guys  mentality.
B000002UZ1|5.0|I have to seriously question the cognitive stability of anyone out there  who can give this a one or two star rating! This is the best by the best(it  recently passed the 15 million sold mark in the u.s.a. alone). a day in the  life, strawberry fields, hey jude, revolution,while my guitar, get back,  across the universe, let it be, ballad of john and yoko, which by the way  hit no1 in eight different countries, the long and winding road, back in  the u.s.s.r... every one a gem.Ignore the one star peabrains out there,  this is beyond fantastic,BUY IT!!!
B00003CXA6|4.0|Gettysburg's biggest flaw is, unfortunately, the casting of Martin Sheen as Robert E. Lee.  Sheen's own voice is too distinctive and everytime Lee  is on screen, you are aware that it is Martin Sheen playing him.  He  doesn't give a bad performance, but his own celebrity torpedoes  him.<br />Other actors fare much better.  Jeff Daniels gives his best  performance since Terms of Endearment as Joshua Lawrence Chamberlain.  Tom  Berenger is superb as Longstreet.  <br />On the small screen, the cheapness of  the fake beards is less obvious, but make sure you have a kick-butt sound  system to really do those battle scenes justice.
6300247120|5.0|There is a lot to like in this movie - the setting, the male leads, the supporting characters, &amp; the offbeat engaging plot. The movie is  superficially mainly about a bicyle race, but not really - it is really  about what it is like to be 19 &amp; unsure of the future.  The best scene  is between Dennis Christopher &amp; Robyn Douglass who meet on the street  after a crisis in their realtionship.  Very well done.<br />Highly recommended
B00001ZWTT|1.0|`Wild Wild West' joins an increasingly long list of big bloated blockbusters, movies made for no possible reason beyond grabbing a quick  summer buck yet which, ironically, by their very cynical and slapdash  nature, utterly fail to connect with even the least demanding of audiences.  The result is a multi-multi-million dollar debacle that leaves studios  searching for answers and audiences shell-shocked into seeking out their  entertainment along the more audacious pathway of off-Hollywood,  independent filmmaking - the single positive outcome of these dull, empty  enterprises.<br />`Wild Wild West,' like so many films before it, looks to the  relics of television's bygone era for inspiration - as sad a comment as any  on the dismal state of current movie creativity. As one not familiar with  the original series, I cannot say what justice, or lack of justice, this  homage does to its source. What is evident, judging from the results on  screen, is that `Wild Wild West' is, as with most current blockbusters,  top-heavy with special effects and as weak in the nether limbs as its  legless villain. Straight Westerns being hopelessly out of fashion,  especially for a special effects-driven summertime extravaganza, the  filmmakers obviously felt that what was needed was a tongue-in-cheek  approach to the material, resulting in a bizarre, but completely unfunny  amalgam of fantasy and science-fiction gilded onto a Western format. The  disparate styles simply fight against each other, leaving no one in the  audience - neither Western nor science-fiction fans - satisfied.<br />The  alleged plot involves the attempts by James West (Will Smith) and Artemis  Gordon (Kevin Kline) to foil an evil Confederate inventor's plan to kidnap  all the world's most brilliant scientists and, ultimately, terrorize the  Union and President Grant into submission. This he attempts to do by  creating a giant mechanized spider which is, obviously, a last ditch,  desperate attempt on the part of the filmmakers to fulfill the seemingly  insatiable demands of the modern audience to be dazzled by impressive  special effects, no matter how inappropriate they appear in context. Here,  though, the miscalculation is fatal because even the audience is wise  enough to know when it is being had. Kline and Smith never achieve a  palpable rapport despite the usual abundance of lame wise cracks and  sarcastic asides designed to make them `hip' and `trendy' - two qualities  incongruous to the setting, which again shows the lack of real commitment  to the spirit of the project. There is exactly one clever moment in the  film - an astonishingly creative homage to the old RCA logo - that hints at  what might have been had the moviemakers been willing to really let loose  their anarchic imaginations and aimed for something truly sophisticated  rather than simply pasting together a series of confused, poorly written  blackout sketches.<br />Incidentally, even some of the expensive special  effects come across as surprisingly crude, especially many of the shots  utilizing rear-screen projection. Hence, this film strikes out even in the  one ballpark in which it might have stood a chance of emerging  victorious.<br />The artistic and financial failure of &quot;Wild Wild  West&quot; will, perhaps, help to put an end to the suicidal practice known  as the empty-headed summer blockbuster.  But don't count on it.the filmmakers to fulfill the seemingly  insatiable demands of the modern audience to be dazzled by impressive  special effects, no matter how inappropriate they appear in context. Here,  though, the miscalculation is fatal because even the audience is wise  enough to know when it is being had. Kline and Smith never achieve a  palpable rapport despite the usual abundance of lame wise cracks and  sarcastic asides designed to make them `hip' and `trendy' - two qualities  incongruous to the setting, which again shows the lack of real commitment  to the spirit of the project. There is exactly one clever moment in the  film - an astonishingly creative homage to the old RCA logo - that hints at  what might have been had the moviemakers been willing to really let loose  their anarchic imaginations and aimed for something truly sophisticated  rather than simply pasting together a series of confused, poorly written  blackout sketches.<br />Incidentally, even some of the expensive special  effects come across as surprisingly crude, especially many of the shots  utilizing rear-screen projection. Hence, this film strikes out even in the  one ballpark in which it might have stood a chance of emerging  victorious.<br />The artistic and financial failure of &quot;Wild Wild  West&quot; will, perhaps, help to put an end to the suicidal practice known  as the empty-headed summer blockbuster.  But don't count on it.
0891349553|5.0|Well, now that the &quot;Sculpey&quot; craze of a few years back has settled down, artists can settle down, too, &amp; enjoy the many fine books that continue to be published by North Light, Sterling &amp; other  companies. Sculptor Katherine Dewey, who has been making, teaching &amp;  exhibiting polymer sculpture for years, put her talent &amp; experience  into &quot;Creating Life-like Animals in Polymer Clay.&quot; So if you're  ready to expand your creative field or advance your technique, you're  studying with a master in this book. Katherine guides you through all the  steps with strong advice that will stay with you, not shortcuts that take  out the &quot;art&quot; &amp; leave only the &quot;craft.&quot; You'll  learn to make ceramic animal pieces that you'll really be pleased to keep,  sell, or give as gifts. The greatest rewards from this medium happen when  the artist studies it earnestly...Some other fine polymer art books  include:<br />Making Miniature Dolls With Polymer Clay : How to Create and  Dress Period Dolls in 1/12 Scale by Sue Heaser<br />The Polymer Clay  Techniques Book by Sue Heaser<br />How to Make Clay Characters by Maureen  Carlson<br />Family and Friends in Polymer Clay by Maureen Carlson
630575067X|4.0|Lucas stayed true to his vision, rather than to fans of Star Wars. Maybe this means that while the movie perhaps could have been better, the story could not. For this Lucas is to be commended. You can find links to various  Star Wars sites
0684803356|5.0|Hemmingway is a literary master and displays it in this book.  The haunting tale of war and love will speak to any reader.  No writer can  immerse the reader in a story the way Hemingway can.
B00004SCX6|1.0|Though I'm not a big Britney fan, I still bought this cd after watching SNL and hearing &quot;Don't Let Me Be the Last To Know.&quot;  I really  like THAT song, but as for the rest of it... er....  I think that  &quot;Lucky&quot; could be a very sweet song, but Britney's vocals really  take away from it.  Her voice is too nasal and might be better with some  proper training.  On this cd, Britney again works with songwriter Max  Martin on many of the songs, which was a bad decision.  To be honest you  could sing the vocals to &quot;Crazy&quot;, &quot;Baby One More Time&quot;,  or &quot;Oops! I Did It Again&quot; over-top the music of one of the others  and you wouldn't be able to tell a difference.  Most of Max Martin's songs  sound alike, which makes for a really boring album.  I think that Britney  Spears has SOME potential, but if she sticks to material like this, she'll  be gone before she can do it again.
B000002572|5.0|This is easily Boston's best album. &quot;Boston: Greatest Hits&quot; has  more tracks, but the songs are of lesser quality. Every song on this CD,  with the possible exception of &quot;Let Me Take You Home Tonight&quot; is  classic Tom Sholtz electronic wizardry and Brad Delp's amazing voice.  &quot;Peace of Mind&quot; has some of the finest guitar work I've heard,  and Delp's voice shows how flexible it really is with &quot;More Than A  Feeling&quot;. Even the cover art (The Boston UFO) looks cool.
B00004TL21|4.0|when i first heard change i thought that this would just be another deftones cd. boy was i wrong. songs like knife party and korea are some of  the best rock songs i have heard in a while. other songs like passenger  show their softer but deeper side . this is one great cd. if you are into  rock the ni have 2 words: buy it.
0312243022|5.0|Make sure you have read Mrs. Dalloway beforehand to get the full measure of Cunningham's artful homage to Woolf.  Astonishing.
B00000K19E|4.0|All I can say about the movie is that it's a good movie with great special effects and probably, standing on its own is worthy of 5 stars.  About the  DVD-Best sound quality I've heard, best picture quality I've seen.  Even in  the darkest scenes I can still see what is happening.  This DVD has more  extras and better extras than any DVD I have watched so far.  BTW-My  Toshiba SD-1200 DVD player handles anything this DVD can give out with no  problems at all, so you don't need the most expensive equipment to reap all  the benefits of this high quality DVD.  Now, why did I give this DVD only 4  stars?  Because of the little disclaimer on the back of the package:   &quot;The enhanced DVD-ROM features will not work on a MacIntosh  computer.&quot;  And they won't.  For leaving out a large segment of this  DVD's audience, the manufacturer's have to lose some points.  And that's a  shame.
B00004T9UF|5.0|I like Em's Lyricism and this CD has a different premise unlike Slim Shady LP. Em has a message on Stan where he has a deranged fan who does  everything Em says. Though most of us know Em really isn't crazy just  clownin'. The Way I Am one of the most strong tracks on the album brings a  darker more angry rap and i find he is upset about people who have the most  issue are the people who grew up sheltered and with no conscience. Another  strong song has to be Kim which has much worse anger and crazy Em starts  off cooing to his baby Hailey when the stupid skank Kim comes and makes him  upset. the song goes on for about 6 minutes of anger and comes to the  beginning of '97 Bonnie and Clyde. The worst of the worst has to be the  intros which solicate gay oral sex and grumpy record execs, and The Real  Slim Shady which is just so played out now. I think  that the stronger this  CD gets the better off Em is!
B00004XPOZ|5.0|In this version, we get to see Uranus. We get to see the &quot;Alabama&quot; footage of Luke and Leia scrogging before George  decided to make them brother and sister. Not to mention the 5 minutes of  George Lucas's spare tire neck flapping on and on about how he finally  feels just a tad bit more close to his original (peyote enhanced) vision  and how Next year a re-re-re-release of this with 7 extra video frames of  Boba Fett peaking behind Jabba's Hutt will be released. We also, as an  extra added bonus get a 2% off coupon for the next re-re-re-release of this  monstrosity which will happen in 2001.  <br />Yippee!
0812550706|5.0|This is a very compelling book about a young boy who deals with his inner demons to serve other's purposes. This all happens in a Sci-Fi setting.  Although most would argue that this book reside in the true Sci-Fi genre, I  strongly disagree.<br />I truly enjoyed this book and everyone in it's series.  I read these books about 3 years ago but I remember Ender's Game being the  most entertaining.
0792839129|5.0|Let me start off by saying, this is one of the strangest movies i've ever seen (what i mean is that is has a very strange, and sometimes confusing  plot), however, it is also one of my favorites. My whole family loves this  movie and i was so happy when i recieved it as a christmas present last  year. The songs are catchy and funny. The colors are bright and the plot is  clever. Though this movie was released in 1968, it seems much newer than  that, it is timeless. Dick Van Dyke is funny as the &quot;absent  minded&quot; inventor, and Sally Ann Howes truly is &quot;truly  scrumptious&quot;. The inventor's 2 children are both cute as well. Get  this 30th Anniversary edition of the video and be amazed at the quality of  film-making. Enjoy!
6305537798|5.0|This is one of the most hilarious movies I have ever seen in my life! a must buy for all, parents and teens alike.
B00004Y2QT|3.0|When comparing this DVD to his previous work (such as the LoveSexy &amp; Sign O' The Times laserdiscs), I find this performance uninspired. The  above two mentioned videos had not only incredible bands backing this under  appreciated artist, but also seemed to have a fire lit under the artist.  Prince seems to have only made this performance for financial reasons, not  artistic ones. (It was a pay per view concert on new years eve.) However,  when comparing it to the garbage we come across on MTV, VH-1, &amp; BET  these days, I find that it's a worthy purchase, even for non-Prince fans.  The duet between Prince &amp; Lenny Kravitz is worth the price of admission  alone. Image continues it's strong record of great audio transfers with  both a dolby digital 5.1 &amp; dts version on the disc.  Bring on the full  length DVDs of &quot;LoveSexy&quot;, &quot;Sign O' The Times&quot;, and  &quot;Under The Cherry Moon&quot;...
B00002Z88D|5.0|How did they do it AGAIN!  this is probably their best album EVER! They brang back the older ones, and made them even better (Fuel, devils dance,  enter sandman, etc.) and came out with  no leaf clover, a personal  favorite. this album has all the excitment and attitude as all the rest,  but put's a new spin on things with the San Francisco orchastra. I would  DEFINENTLY buy this album.
B00000JJQK|5.0|One of the most emotional, heartfelt offerings of the rock-n-roll era, 1966's Pet Sounds is Brian Wilson's open love-letter to the world.      <br />Mature, yet disarmingly innocent, Brian's orchrestrated arrangements and  timeless melodies lure the listener over and over. The true knockout punch,  however, is Pet Sounds' ability to strike a universal chord through its  lyrical themes of love, isolation and self-doubt. Brian lays his heart on  the line and in the process brings us along for the ride.<br />   <br />The  youthful optimism of &quot;Wouldn't it be Nice&quot; and &quot;You Still  Believe in Me&quot; -- the set's opening tracks --soon yields to the  confusion of young-adulthood in the sparse &quot;That's Not Me&quot;. This  haunting, stripped-down track features what is arguably Mike Love's finest  and most understated lead vocal.<br />The gorgeous &quot;Don't Talk (Put Your  Head on my Shoulder)&quot; is anchored by session ace Carole Kaye's gentle  bassline which pushes Brian's vocal to the brink of heartache. Seconds  after Brian pleas for us to &quot;Listen, listen, listen...&quot; a  classical string quartet rises to the forefront, driving the track to an  emotional climax. At the this precise moment the shear weight of the  arrangement relays Brian's pain more effectively than words ever could.(To  fully appreciate this moment, listen to the remastered Stereo mix through a  pair of headphones.) <br />Equally stunning in terms of production and emotion  are the twin classics &quot;God Only Knows&quot; and &quot;Caroline  No&quot;. &quot;Caroline&quot;, the album's closing track, is a paean to a  simpler, happier time -- a elusive time never to be recaptured. &quot;God  Only Knows&quot;, The Beach Boys' greatest love song, ponders life without  love and the innate human ability to rebound in times of darkness. Carl  Wilson delivers what is perhaps the most beautiful lead vocal ever recorded  -- two and a half minutes of angelic bliss.  <br />Of course, the anthemic  &quot;I Just Wasn't Made for These Times&quot;, neatly symbolizes both the  commercial failure of &quot;Pet Sounds&quot;  upon its initial release and  the well-documented troubles of Brian Wilson himself. Brian gave his all  during the creation of this masterpiece and in the process nearly lost  everything so dear to him.<br />If &quot;Pet Sounds&quot; isn't the greatest  album ever made, it's darn close. Perhaps the Beatles, who achieved  pop-perfection on &quot;Rubber Soul&quot; and &quot;Revolver&quot;, did  equal, or perhaps even surpassed Brian's masterpiece. But, that's not the  point --the point is, quite simply, that because of records like &quot;Pet  Sounds&quot; and &quot;Rubber Soul&quot; this troubled world is a better  place.
B00000IQBN|5.0|I recall seeing Barry Lyndon when it was first released, and having very mixed emotions about it. Visually stunning - an expected strength of a  Kubrick film which even the most unsymapthetic viewer couldn't deny - it  struck me that one could not have full sympathy for any character in the  story, even the protagonist.  <br />What I missed originally, and later  appreciated (I've watched the film many times now), is that this is in fact  the point.  Kubrick was impeccably honest in protraying the full spectrum  of the civilized corruption of an age of remarkable contradictions.  The  manners and civility counterpointed by betrayals, base motives, and  brutality. The seemingly gleaming and disciplined armies of the Age of  Enlightenment, concealing a rotten system and a mindlessly sacrificial way  of waging war.<br />Kubrick carefully, meticululously crafts this age, and  conveys it to the viewer in a way which makes one feel that a series of  beautiful 18th century paintings have been brought to life, revealing the  entire story, only hinted at through static art.  Assisting this is the  voice-over of some of the Thackeray narrative, which is particularly  effective at completing and fleshing out selected scenes. It's the  resulting fullness and honest balance of the story which unnerves at first,  but rewards when less casually considered.  <br />To make this all happen, the  film is necessarily long, but without a wasted moment.  Don't rent or buy  this one if you're looking for fluff.  And give it another chance if you're  not convinced at first.  It is a film masterpiece of the first order.
0064407667|4.0|This book is chapter one in &quot;A Series of UnfourtunateEvents&quot;, and (unfourtuneately) the review below applies to the first chapter of that.  Do you follow me?  Well, in case you do, here is my review of only the first chapter of &quot;The Bad Beginning&quot;.<br />After reading the first chapter of this book online, I can only say that the chapter (and probably the whole book, too) lives up to thetitle of the series.  In this short chapter alone, the children discover that their parents and possessions parished in a fire at their home.  And, after all, we knew this would happen after reading the first two sentences, which read:<br />&quot;If you are intrested in books with happy endings, you would be better off reading some other book.  In this book, not only is there no happy ending, but there is no happy beginning and very few happy things in the middle.&quot;<br />All in all, I can only say--wow.  There has never been a worse opening chapter, not even in &quot;Harry Potter&quot; where Harry is forced to stay with the magic-hateing Muggles The Dursleys. I cannot wait to get my hands on the complete book!...
B0000024SD|5.0|The moment I heard the first few lines of 'The Gates of Eden' I was  forever changed, transformed, emancipated, aghast, and delighted.  My brain  was hit by imagery I could not detect, memories I had forgoten and scenes  of the future that tore me to shreds and this is only one song.  This album  has potential that I am sure even Dylan didn't recognise. It tolk the  wheels from folk music and put them on to a Harley Davison going a thousand  miles an hour.  Though some think of nasal squeels and raspy, incoherent  throbs of sound when 'Bob Dylan' is whispered, the feeling and humanity of  his voice trancends all of this.  I am not gonna anylyse any of the songs  because they need no review, they are quite capable of standing on there  own feet, instead I will simply say, BUY IT!
B000002U82|4.0|This is a great album.David Gilmour's Voice and guitar playing is totally  outstanding.A  true Pink Floyd fan know's that there is a secret behind  every Pink Floyd Album.This album goes along with The Wizard of Oz.The  music tells the story to it.Most people don't think that it fits.But a true  Pink Floyd fan can see it!
B000002JS8|3.0|If I was to pick one AC/DC album to represent the band, I'd have to go  with BACK IN BLACK.  However, this album is pretty good - and easily the  best of the rest of their catalog.  DIRTY DEEDS... comes in a close  third.<br />On a personal note: Angus Young's school boy uniform was classic  in the 70's and early '80s (remember those 9,000 issues of HIT PARADER with  that on the cover?), but ENOUGH already, ANGUS!  You are 47 years old -  nearly as old as that worn out schtick itself.  Will hardcore AC/DC fans  really be turned off if you dress like the rest of the band for once?
6300214753|4.0|This film starts out very funny. The first hour or so is great. However, the last half hour gets kind of boring. Nevertheless, this film starts out  great. Matthew Broderick plays a high school student who basically doesn't  want to go to school one day. He calls his friend, who is extremely sick,  and convinces him to take his dad's sports car out for a spin. Ferris, his  girl friend, and his best friend spend the day going to Chicago, and  hanging out there. The plot isn't that great, but for a movie this funny,  you don't really need a plot. Again, the only major downfall to this movie  is that the last third of it isn't as great as the rest of it. However,  this movie is still outstanding.
0380796090|5.0|What a lot of fun this book is to read.  Marion Keyes has written a hilarious story with a completely sympathetic protagonist.  Poor Claire  manages to tell her sad story--her husband walks out on her the day their  first child is born--and make it into a breezy, funny romantic comedy.   Watermelon is a wonderfully light novel (nothing heavy here, if you are  looking for that, look elsewhere) that will have you laughing and telling  everyone how funny it is.  In the end, Claire's no good husband comes back  and, well I won't spoil the ending, but let's just say Claire must choose  between her husband and the hunky younger man she's met.  The story will  not disappoint and will keep you reading.  Enjoy!
B00000K19E|5.0|Although I do not currently own this movie on DVD, it will be the first that I buy on getting my DVD drive installed. I watched it on a dark night  on the computer of a friend of mine, and the personal experience of  computer DVD and the intensity of this movie made it one of the best  viewing experiences of my life.<br />   The music is top notch. I bought the  soundtrack and ws introduced ot several great groups, and recomend it also.  Bound, Matrix, ... I want to see what's next!
0195073401|3.0|This is the typical first year graduate text book in economics. It is target for this audience and it will probably not be very useful to you if  you are not in academia.  Intermediate to advanced undergraduate could find  the book useful provided that they meet the mathematical requirements (more  on this below). As it is a first year grad book, it tries to cover all the  topics in microeconomics rather than going in depth in any of them. If you  go on studying micro, this book will not be enough for your field of  concentration.<br />A last word for first year graduate student whose course  adopt a different text book (Varian, Kreps...). It probably worth sticking  to your own book rather than buying this one hoping to understand from MWG  what you don't get from Varian or Kreps. I tried the reverse process and I  miserably failed: notation and exposition are very different; bridging the  gap between two books requires too much work.<br />Now to the mathematical  question. Before even starting you should know at least derivatives and  matrices. And again, if you are a grad student, you must know them. I think  you can read most of the book knowing &quot;only&quot; the following  theorems: kuhn-tucker, implicit function, separating hyperplane, fixed  point, envelope theorem. This topics are briefly dealt with in the  appendix. If you have time it might worth to master these theorems before  reading the book, at least kuhn-tucker! <br />As three authors contributed to  the book the clarity (and the depth) varies A LOT among chapters. I will  now review the chapters that I studied in depth: ch. 1,2,3,4 preferences,  choice and demand: clear and comprehensive 4 stars ch. 5 production: worst  chapter in the book, unclear, no stars. ch. 6 uncertainty: very clear, but  barely scratches the surface of the topic: 3 stars ch. 7, 8, 9 game theory:  clear, medium depth: 4 stars ch. 13, 14 adverse selection, signalling,  principal agency: best chapters in the book, very clear,and medium depth 5  stars.
0783225199|5.0|The first time my friend told me to watch this, I was kind of skeptical. This, however, is the funniest movie I have ever seen. Dan Akroyd and John  Belushi play Elwood and Jake Blues(the blues brothers). Jake has just been  released from prison, and they find out the orphanage they grew up in is  going to be shut down. They then try to reform their band, although it's  many members now have better jobs. Along the way they become number one on  many groups' lists of people they would love to kill, including the police,  Carrie Fisher, and &quot;Illinois Nazis.&quot; This movie has non-stop  laughs throughout as Jake and Elwood get out of ridiculously dangerous  situations without even batting an eye. The music is also great with guest  apperances by Aretha Franklin, James Brown, and Ray Charles. This is by far  the greatest movie ever made.
B0000028RR|5.0|I am a die hard rage fan, and let me tell you that this cd is all you  could hope for if you're into the hard rock scene. While Rage's sophmore  and junior albums,Evil empire and Battle of los angeles are also very good,  neither of them are full of the ferocity and hardcore rap to the heavy  metal beat that this album offers. It's the kind of cd that you want to  listen to over and over again, even when you've had it for years. I've had  my copy for over two years, and let me tell you that it is still my  favorite cd.
B00003CXFV|4.0|Erin Brockovich could be regarded as one the outstanding movies made by Julia Roberts in the recent years. My Best Friend's Wedding was good, but  Rupert had stolen much of her attention from the audience. Notting Hill was  also good but the beautiful scenery and the superb supporting cast had  shared the glory. Erin Brockovich was a good one woman show for Julia and  she undoubtedly had picked up a good script and made a good movie.<br />The  story was not very complicated, with a new single mom bumped into all sorts  of bad luck in a short period of time, that finally turned out to be a  breakthrough of fate for a successful career in the legal profession. There  are lots of gags and funny lines throughout the movie, particularly like  her attitude against the other female lawyer who originally despised  Julia's qualification to be in the legal industry. However, funny lines  were not the only thing offered by this movie. There is a good description  between Julia and her boy friend, Julia and her eldest son, Julia and her  clients (which was of vital importance in the whole story) and Julia and  her boss.<br />What made this movie a successful one was that it tactfully  combined different elements in a single movie and the chemistry was just  right to the point. Humorous but touching, intriguing but sweet are some of  the good contrasts adopted in the movie. The change of attitude of Julia's  boss to her was a very good written part of the movie, from despise to  admiring, from fury to caring etc. they were all carefully written and  portrayed.<br />Nonetheless, there was one draw back for the movie. That was  Julia's constant dressing of low cuts in the movie (well, that helped a lot  in the movie for her to make different men yield to her requests)which I  think is not necessary in some instances. Anyway, this did not give the  movie a bad image because Julia did have a good outlook, so audiences would  still receive her happily.<br />All in all, Erin Brockovich could be a good  cooling choice for the summer.ich could be a good  cooling choice for the summer.
6305657939|1.0|This movie sucked!  It went on and on.  It was extremely boring.  Overacted and melodramatic are the words I would use to describe the  romance between the two main characters.  The last two minutes were cool,  but it is definitely worth neither the money nor the time to sit there  waiting for it.
B00000G2VC|5.0|I can't say I'm very familiar with all of Offspring's music (although I'm  getting there), but this CD I simply loved. Almost every song is a winner  (Pretty Fly for a white guy, She's got issues, the kids aren't alright,  etc). In my opinion it's the best Offspring CD.. If you liked one of these  songs (from hearing it on the radio), you should get the CD because it has  the same sound, and same quality.
B00003CXDV|5.0|I stumbled onto this movie on a plane, casually flipping through the  programmes.  I thought it would just be a string of cheap gags a la  &quot;Naked Gun&quot;(not that there's anything wrong with that).   <br />But  it's actually quite a droll little morality tale.  Witty, well-observed and  based on a truly inspired idea.  Perfect casting, too--Sigourney Weaver has  a ball avenging her numerous space-jockey roles, and the aliens push their  characters to the limit without crossing the fine line into overacting.   Alan Rickman steals the show, though. <br />I watched it twice (it was a long  flight; it beat listening to Bob Newhart on the comedy channel for the  millionth time) and bought the DVD.  Heartily recommended.
B00000IPAX|3.0|I'm a huge fan of Blink 182.Their stuff on Cheshire Cat and Dude Ranch  we're awesome and I'm not saying that this cd is HORRIBLE,but this is not  punk rock.This cd is as boy bandish as Nsync but its not bad.Adams  song,Going Away to College, and Wendy Clear are good songs but,All the  Small Things is as low as Bye Bye Bye.Since we can assume that Blink is  coming out with a new cd sometime in the future,I will make sure that I  borrow it from someone else before i but it.This is boy bandish enough....I  dont know how bad the new cd might be if there IS going to be a new cd  sometime in the future.
0671034065|5.0|I've read most of Linda Howard's books, but I do not remember any that quite compare. This book still has me smiling. Has Linda always been this  funny?<br />This book was well written, has the suspense to keep it moving and  has great characters. You just have to love Jaine and Sam! I still have to  giggle over some of their scenes.<br />As usual, Linda includes several  explicit scenes between the main twosome, so beware if you don't like that.
B000006TRV|1.0|I guess every band should, at least once in their career, put out a  mediocre and erratic self indulgent double album. The Beatles did, and here  we have Stink Floyd's entry.<br />&quot;Another Brick in the Wall&quot; is  good, but sorry, it can't carry the whole album. 1-star.
0671578855|4.0|OK, this is probably not the all time best from Ms. Bujold, and it is a pivotal book.  It's also great fun to read!<br />True, Miles is getting older,  and clearly doesn't take as much of a physical risk as in previous books.   But the plot is clearly as rich in this book as in any of the previous  ones.  Two major political struggles, a compromised love affaire, a risky  and illarious business and culinary (?) venture from Mark, AND Gregor's  wedding...<br />After so many ill fated love affaires, it actually feels  really good to have Miles progressing.  Miles is constantly romantically  involved (though never with the same character...) but his new status  promises many opportunities for more adventures, quid pro quos, dilemmas,  etc...  I'm looking forward to the next book!<br />Secondary characters are  also getting more interesting.  Aral, Cordelia, and Simon Illyan are  clearly fading, while Ivan and Gregor are acquiring more depth...  Again,  this gives Ms. Bujold many opportunities for great stories!<br />All and all,  a clear winner!
078322799X|4.0|The Frighteners is an underrated classic. Savaged by many critics, [Director] Peter Jackson does a very good job at balancing dark humor with  straight up horror. Michael J. Fox plays a fraudulent                             ghost-cleanser named Frank                            Bannister.  Bannister is a                            hearse-chaser in a small New  England                            town called Fairweather, who shows                             up at funerals handing out cards to the                             newly bereaved; his partners are real                             ghosts, who put on paranormal displays to scare                             prospective clients. But when the town's residents start                             displaying fiery numbers on their foreheads and dropping                             from exploded hearts, Bannister, the only person who can                             see the cause of their deaths, is accused of  drumming up business. <br />                           As the  architect-turned-con-man, Bannister is Byronically                             self-destructive; his wife died in a car crash when he was                             driving, and his own near-death experience left him with                             double-world vision. He also &quot;dies&quot; again to  do battle with                            the real bad guy, played by the  sincerely scary Jake Busey. When Bannister and the rest play out the final  action in a                         long-abandoned hospital, the movie  piles on shock after shock,                         with a speed and  intensity that is positively breathtaking, using a                          variety of special effects with a complete and alarming lack of                          restraint. <br />                        Danny Elfman's score  recalls his work with director Tim Burton,                         and  &quot;The Frighteners&quot; is likely to inspire other comparisons with                          Burton's films. But Jackson, who has to be one of the  most imaginative and                         versatile directors working  today, lacks some aspect of Burton's                         underlying  vision and maturity. Should such a time come when he is                          willing to use that imagination and facility to take his films a notch  or                         two further into theme rather than effect (Lord  Of The Rings?) he may find himself joining ranks with the                          very best filmmakers of our time. <br />Either way, The Frighteners is  totally worth checking out.
B000000WCX|5.0|Once again, Bowie proves his chameleonic musical genius with  &quot;Earthling.&quot;  Although I have 10+ Bowie CDs, I still come back to  this one because the artistry is amazing.  He mutates techno-industrial  rhythms into a feverish, throbbing pulse.  &quot;Little Wonder&quot; and  &quot;I'm Afraid of Americans&quot; remain my favorites.  Gabrels and  Garson assist Bowie in this tour de force, more propulsive than  &quot;Outside.&quot;  When the &quot;young kids&quot; finish with this  album, they should also explore the other faces of Bowie: the glam idol  &quot;Aladdin Sane,&quot; the paranoid tremblings of &quot;Diamond  Dogs&quot;, the cosmic croonings on &quot;Station to Station,&quot; and the  goth-punk atrocities of &quot;Outside.&quot;
6305014140|5.0|If you want to see what makes a great anime film, you don't have to go beyond Ninja Scroll - It's ultraviolent, fun-to-watch, and inventive    movie. Set in Feudal Japan, the film follows the character of Jubei, a  masterless ninja for hire, as   he finds himself in the middle of a  conflict he wants nothing to do with. A mysterious disease has wiped out  the town of Shimota. A band of ninjas sets out to   investigate reports of  a band of men who fled the town shortly before everyone died. As they    approach the town, a rock-like creature slices the entire band apart, save  for Kagero, a female   warrior, whom he captures and rapes. Jubei saves her  and finds himself attracted to her. Alas,   she cannot be his as she is  literally poisonous. <br />  Jubei strikes out on his own again and his  approached by Dakuwan, a elderly ninja spy.   Dakuwan explains that the  rock monster that attacked the ninjas was a Devil of Kimon, of which    there are seven more. Dakuwan poisons Jubei and promises to give him the  antidote only after   he helps Dakuwan find and kill the remaining Devils  of Kimon. <br />  The fight scenes are absolutely top-notch. The video's  boxcover promises a &quot;bloodbath&quot; and   that's no exaggeration at  all. Arterial spray is present in virutally every fight scene. As is the    case of most anime I've seen, this isn't for kids. Along with the blood,  there's quite a bit of sexual   content too. The film's not rated, but it  would probably earn an R rating. The screenplay is the work of Yoshiaki  Kawajiri, who also directed. He succeeds in bringing a   fair amount of  emotional backdrop to the story, as these characters have more feelings and    motivation than many Hollywood big-budget movies' characters ever do.  This film is highly suggested viewing.
B00003CX95|5.0|This movie is simply awesome. Can't imagine how Mel was able to direct and  star in this epic of a film, and maintain it, in all it's glory.<br />I was  lucky enough to see the dvd all ready. The sound is sensational, not to  mention the insightful commentary by Gibson.<br />Without a doubt this is a  must, for all movie lovers.<br />*****
6300216209|5.0|I've seen this video countless times. More times, than any other movie. And every time I watch it, it moves me to tears. To experience a love so  true and so deep is a miracle and to lose it... it's beyond me. But to even  experience it and see a glimpse of it (from this movie) is a wonder enough.  The love story between rich Harvard hockey-player Oliver Barrett IV (played  by Ryan O'Neal) and smart-mouthed Radcliffe gal Jennifer Cavilleri (played  by Ali McGraw) is one of those once-in-a-lifetime love stories... captured  on film.  These two star-crossed lovers who are from the opposite ends of  the socio-economic ladder overcome all obstacles (disapproving parents,  near poverty and Harvard Law School) to make their love work. The only  thing going for them was their love and devotion to each other. And just  when things were finally looking up... tragedy strikes.<br />The book written  by Eric Segal is even more moving but to see the movie, is just as a great  experience. It's not just a tearjerker! It's truly a masterpiece! I LOVE  THIS MOVIE! It's my ALL TIME favorite movie.<br />Does anyone know if they  plan to release this on DVD?
0790729709|3.0|This movie was always going to be popular. Whitney the druggieHouston, and Kevin where's my career gone Costner. <br />Sure it's ok, but I thought Costners performance came across as cold rather than cool. The cool would have made this a winner. A bit of John Woo light action in it and there you go.<br />The sound track it lieable to crack your windows if you play it too loud, but never the less it's a decent buy. Good to show your girlfriend....<br />***<br />PEACE OUT. GO SUNS!
B00004TDTO|5.0|This is a must for any serious DVD collection. The transfer is exceptional and the sound quality is great. The extras were good including the  &quot;making of&quot; doucumentary. The only thing that would of made this  DVD any better would of been audio commentary by the master Spielberg  himself.
0671775308|3.0|What does it mean to be rich? Is it just a number in your bank account? Can you really be rich if you don't have the lifestyle? Does a surgeon whose hands are worth millions need to save a certain multiple of her annual income to feel that she has something? If you answered \\"yes\\" to the last two questions you might find the book making some good points, otherwise, it is showing no more than that 1 million is no longer enough to qualify you as \\"rich.\\" That said, the book is a worthwhile defense of the value of frugality. Yet one has to remember that it is really about a middle-class, Puritan, never-sit-empty ideal of life and not about what we commonly associate with the notion of \\"rich.\\"
B00000K2SC|4.0|I watched this movie the first time totally &quot;blinded&quot;.  Since I am not a modern-day movie fan (an old movie buff) I had not followed the  hype regarding this movie.  My teenaged son begged me to watch it with him,  so I did.  The very first couple of scenes were very confusing and I kept  threatening to stop watching, but then I started to get interested.  I  thought the special effects were great.  I did find it just a little bit  difficult to follow the first time, but the second time around, I  thoroughly enjoyed it.  It's one of those movies that you shouldn't take  100% seriously, but sit and enjoy the fast action and the special effects  and maybe, just maybe, wonder about this so-called world we live in.  Nah,  really, it is a great movie for entertainment.  It's not a movie I'd  personally watch over and over, but I did enjoy it and I feel it is well  worth viewing.
0767827791|3.0|Let's be fair and objective for a while. If Joshua Logan's PICNIC has stayed and is going to stay in Movie history, there is a simple reason for  it. The 15 minutes night scene during the picnic is a lesson of cinema that  provides a priceless pleasure to the movie lover. The actors, the music and  the editing perfectly match for minutes of sheer enchantment.<br />But the  rest of the movie, in my opinion, suffers in comparison. It seemed to me  that the screenplay delivers not so subtle ideas about sex, society and the  life in a small american town. From time to time, I had the impression to  watch one of these movies of the 50's adapted from a Tennessee Williams's  play. Unfortunately, Joshua Logan was not Joseph L. Mankiewicz nor Elia  Kazan so a lot of scenes of PICNIC are boring if not ridiculous.<br />Solely  Rosalind Russell walks out of the movie without any reproach ; she is  simply admirable in the role of an aging schoolteacher lost in the middle  of a forest of heavy sexual symbols. Just try to watch PICNIC without  forgetting to observe her hands and the objects she seized during the  film.<br />But if you are an admirer of the Hollywood movies of the fifties,  PICNIC surely deserves a good place on the shelves of your library.<br />A  pre-VERTIGO DVD.
0783230893|5.0|I recently purchased a copy of this film to add to my video collection.   I saw it when it first came out and loved it and still enjoy it as much  today.  You become especially bonded with the characters in this movie and  it is very well acted.  The story line, blending modern day with those of  days gone by gives you a little extra for your money.  Kathy Bates is  absolutely outstanding in this film as is Jessica Tandy, a long-time  favorite of mine.  You can't help but fall in love with Idgy and her Huck  Finn type personality and the gentle yet strong, Ruth.  I movie worth  owning and watching regularly, just to bring up your spirits and make you  feel good.
0553108034|5.0|I have read just about every fantasy I could find since the tender age of 11 years old (now 32).  Tolkien, Goodkind, Jordan, Henlein, A.E. Van Vogt,  and too many others to list.<br />Now that I have given some credibility for  myself I have to say that ACoK is simply one of the best books I have ever  read.... Along with the first book in this series - A Game of  Thrones.<br />The author makes you feel like he was actually there witnessing  these events and this is simply his biography.  The characters are  interesting, and are portrayed in more than just black and white - good or  evil... Instead they are in shades of grey.  This is a grand tale that I  simply don't want to end and waiting for the next book will be torture but   I will read them all and savor them....
6303979882|5.0|I bought this movie after renting it when it first came out.  I recently watched it with my teenaged daughter.  We loved it.  I grew up in the 60's  and 70's and can relate to a lot of what the girls were going through  during that stage in their lives.  I love the scene where the girls steal  the boys clothes, the part where Roberta finds her sexuality (kissing)  during the whole time she desperately tries to hide her budding figure!    There are som sad scenes but overall it is great.  The mom's boyfriend,  Bud, certainly looked like some of the characters my divorced mom brought  home during the 70's and I related totally to Samantha's disgust and  distaste for him (any one who was not her father).  Watch this movie and  enjoy becaus there is something for the young and the young at heart.
B00003CWTH|5.0|I couldn't imagine sitting through a three-hour film, but Magnolia's fascinating plot and eccentric characters captured me. It is the story of  various people and the errors that have haunted their lives. Tom Cruise  plays a cold-hearted sex guru whose secrets are exposed during an  interview. He is angry with his father (played by Jason Robards) for having  abandoned his family. Julianne Moore plays Robards's trophy wife, a  tormented woman who lives with the guilt of having married him for his  money. The old man's last wish is to find his wayward son and apologize for  his wrongdoing. There are other stories in the film. TV game show host  Jimmy Gator (Phillip Baker Hall) is dying of cancer and wants to reconcile  with his cokehead daughter (Melora Walters). Also, a whiz kid from Gator's  game show (Jeremy Blackman) is tired of his father's high expectations.  There are other stories and other characters, all of which are somehow  connected. This is a rather touching film that should have gotten more  recognition. But why is it titled Magnolia? I still can't figure it out. I  know it's symbolic, but symbolic to what? Anyway, don't let the length of  the film discourage you. Believe me, it's worth it.
6300263673|5.0|This was an absolutely fantastic movie.  From the very beginning you get caught up in the magical, colorful world of nastalgia from the 60's.    Patrick Swayze and Jennifer Grey were absolutely made for each other in the  dance scenes of this film.  The scenery was absolutely incredible and the  characters unforgettable.   I think any die-hard romantic would agree this  is a great movie to watch at the end of a day with someone you love!     Well worth owning a copy!
B000002H97|1.0|If you do, you're wrong. This is their first bad album, also their first  sign of selling out with shorter songs and a new producer. Master Of  Puppets and ..And Justice For All are far superior to this highly  commercial bandwagon album.
6303402348|5.0|This is fiction, folks and about as good as it gets!  Imagine a simple minded (yet functional) man who sets out to be the best he can be!  Okay,  so maybe it is over-exaggerated in ways but it is a darn fine film, one  full of compassion and love and Tom Hanks has you cheering Forrest on from  the very beginning.  Gary Sinese is absolutely wonderful as Lt. Dan in this  film.  The way they were able to modify the old clips to get Forrest in on  the action was great.  I thought this was a very, very good movie, full of  hope and promise and is it wrong for anyone of us to dream?  I think not!   Sit back, enjoy and remember, it's entertainment!
B000002JSV|5.0|This album ROCKS! It's my favorite with Bon, and one of my favorites  period. This is definatley an essential part of any AC/DC fan's collection.
B00000J7J4|1.0|It's the worst CD on earth!! please don't buy this!! It will be a BIG BIG  MISTAKE!!!
B00003W8NM|5.0|Who else but David Fincher could take a darkly comedic book like &quot;Fight Club&quot; and pump it up like a lab rat overdosed on caffeine?  The book's author, Chuck Palahnuik, even said that the filmed version was  better than his book in many ways. The book's themes of insomnia,  purposelessness, anti-consumerism, and nihilism, are all here in this film,  but Fincher doesn't just make this a static translation. He uses creepy  effects, camera tricks, and some other surprises to make the viewer a  participant instead of a coach potato blindly watching an illuminated  screen. Fincher plays with you, messes with your mind, and challenges you  to break out from the usual moviegoer mold. He takes an excellent book, and  makes it even better with the additions of Ed Norton, Brad Pitt, and Helena  Bonham-Carter. The audio tracks on the DVD are far above anything I've ever  seen, and the supplemental disc is so packed with extras, that this is an  absolute MUST BUY for any DVD lover out there. (Can you tell I liked it?)
B0000203YT|1.0|I was anxious to see this movie, considering the great reviews it received.  I was very disappointed while watching, wondering halfway  through if I should turn it off or if it might possibly get better.  I  wanted to watch the movie in its entirety so I could judge it fairly.     <br />The acting, although there were good actors involved, was quite bad.  I  was also disappointed because there was so much that seemed to be good  about the story when I read brief clips about the film.  I would not  recommend seeing this movie.
B000002KBU|5.0|I bought this album in 1971. It's worn out. I need the CD. Why's it worn  out? Music outlives plastic. It has stood the test of time and nostalgia.  It smells and tastes of glorious freedom. Kickin' your shoes off, gettin'  beach tar on your feet. Open chords on acoustic guitars from Joni and  Stephen Stills and James Taylor with Sneeky Pete on pedal steel. The ten  songs move, in true 70's thematic fashion, from 'hey I'm a fun lovin', free  lovin'chick ',to ' I need more than this '. A cool reflection on the  illusion that was the sixties. Listen to it alone. Then share it. It's got  groove. It's got meaning. But best of all, it's got MUSIC.
0790734060|5.0|We all have different tastes, and this movie happens to be my personal favorite.  Mozart was a genius and his mind worked like no other composer.   He was also quite difficult, as great minds sometimes are.  <br />Amadeus the  movie combines humor, the amazing story of this brilliant composer,  darkness, sorrow, and the life of Mozart creating a fantastic film.  The  music of course is so incredible, and the story behind it is something that  you should not miss out on seeing.  I highly recommend buying this movie if  you love laughing, music, biographies, excellent acting, Mozart's era, or  just about anything.  It is for everyone.
B00003CXHJ|4.0|I found this movie to be very entertaining and an enjoyable ride.  the sound effects in this movie were TOP NOTCH.  perhaps, there were  inaccuaracies in this movie but, this is to be entertainment NOT a  documentary.  i really enjoyed the story, the acting, and the movie for  it's sound.  if you want a movie that makes your state of the art surround  system go BANG then this is the one to buy!  enjoy it!
6305297525|4.0|This movie is unlike any other movie in the sense that the visual effects alone invoke feelings that the characters are conveying.  The story itself  is a mixture of intense love and overwhelming melancholy.  The visual  effects are a work of art, creating an illusion of what I would compare to  stepping into a Salvador Dali painting.  <br />What Dreams May Come is a  surreal and amazing film.  I highly recommend it because of the story it  tells and the masterpieces it places you into.
6305718903|2.0|You know the routine: Bad cop, Good cop.  For over 30 years the movie industry has been stretching the limits to graphically portray evil. Now western viewers are weary of evil and are ready to cheer when good wins,  but we have developed a taste for violence and horror, just so long as  there's a 'nice' ending, something to cause us to cheer, or to bring a  happy tear to our eye. Well, watch out folks, the real trouble is just  beginning. It won't be in the form of overt evil; it will now be in the  form of heartwarming good. Here's what's up and what role this movie plays  in it:<br />The message of this movie has to do with the validity of the word  of God and changes that are coming with power. It is a weapon designed to  attack Christianity and reintroduce an ancient heresy.<br />But first a note  on the stigmatics: Non-Catholics will reject the concept of the stigmata.  Jesus took our pain with Him on the cross, why would He inflict such gross  mutilations on anyone for spiritual reasons. I'm not an expert on Catholic  spirituality, but what I've heard is that stigmatics have hearts  consecrated to the Lord and out of their profound communion with Him, they  begin to share in the fellowship of His sufferings. That's a real Biblical  concept ignored by most modern western Christians who are mostly  &quot;blessing-hungry.&quot; Whether you accept the stigmatic experience as  legitimate or not, the question arises, why do the movie makers want to  create a story about it? The answer is actually found in the messages that  scroll across the screen at the end of the movie. They mention some ancient  documents that were found in the desert in recent years and which the  church &quot;suppressed.&quot; More on that in a moment.<br />You've read the  story line already. It turns out that the girl is speaking and writing in  Aramaic, an ancient language spoken by Jesus. In fact, it is the lost  Gospel of Thomas. The dead priest was working on the manuscript and now hisspirit, in the company of obviously demonic persona, are trying to express  themselves through the girl to get the message out <br />One thing I am really pleased  about in this movie is that the text of the gospel of Thomas was delivered  by a demon. That was one commitment to truth on the part of the movie  makers.  <br />This movie does not stand in isolation. It is part of an  emerging family of &quot;spiritual&quot; movies including &quot;The Green  Mile&quot; and especially &quot;The Matrix.&quot; <
B000002J1M|1.0|I bought it, listened to it (yawner) and then gave it away.  what a waste  of money.  there are much better cd's out.  I would call this Fox-fodder.
B00000IAU3|5.0|I would just like to let you folks know that DIDO's track called  &quot;thankyou&quot; is the original version to the popular rapper EMINEM's  song STAN. DIDO's CD is great, help her become a platinum artist by buying  her CD; NO ANGEL.
0780621972|2.0|Michael Jai White is impressive as Spawn but is saddled with a rather wooden characterization. Obviously, Martin Sheen filmed many of his scenes  unsure of the &quot;effect&quot; to which he would be acting.<br />The only  saving grace is the magnificent Leguizamo as &quot;The Clown.&quot;  He is  totally in character and unrecognizable as the sinister hellish acolyte.
076780421X|4.0|No, this movie is no cerebral stumper, but who really cares?  It's fun with great music, so just enjoy it for what it's worth.  I've been  searching all over for the music, but just cannot find it.  Maybe the  music-powers-that-be will see what we want and give it to us.  Enjoy!
B00003CX5P|1.0|Well I wouldn't dream of saying that Lucas released this movie simply for an overwhelming amount of money and forgot how to make a good, entertaining  film.  The plot was non-existant.  The characters were pretty bad(where did  they get these names from)? And for the love of god, someone put a cap in  jar jar, I truly could not stand seeing him at all.  Overall this movie  really sucked.  Although I liked previous 3 movies, in my opinion this one  falls short tremendously.
0553108034|5.0|This novel was a wonderful story filled with excitement and intrigue.  When I thought something was going to happen (like when Stannis was about  to invade King's Landing, but he was defeated) and something totally  different happened, it got very interesting and I especially liked the  ending.  A good read considering I'm 13.
B000000OS2|5.0|turn it up, sit back, and enjoy!  Absolutely the best CD I've bought in a  long time.  I wish I'd been there with them.
B00004TWZG|5.0|Ignore the Amazon.com and Maltin summaries, Gary Oldman gives a great performance here as the corrupt cop out to kill Natalie Portman.  Luc  Besson directs with style not typically seen in American action movies.   The extra 24 minutes make the movie more logical and fix minor continuity  problems.  Terrific cast and good direction make this one worthwhile.
B0000062GE|5.0|Stabbing Westward's first two albums established them in the smaller music scene as an intense, yet thought-provoking, industrial force. With the  release of 'Darkest Days,' their best album to date, they found success and  a wider audience. The album's mix of dark, gritty guitars, Christopher  Hall's incredible voice, and electronic noise creates a mood that fits the  title and every single lyric on the album. When listening to it, I get  caught up in this mood... thinking about all the times in my life where  I've related to what's being said. This album is incredible. I like both  Nine Inch Nails and Stabbing Westward, and while they do have similarities  they both express themselves musically and lyrically in different ways.  This album earns them their place in the evolution of industrial music, and  as a pioneer of the industrial sound. A definate must have for anyone with  taste...
6302767741|4.0|How often do you see a movie in which women are acknowledging how their egos, denied feelings, self-destructive behaviors and deep lonliness are  making them obliterate their relationships before the men in their lives  ever have a chance to? And how often do you see that without the kind of  heavy handed comedy that is usually designed as a secret apology for doing  anything but infantilizing women via romance and triumph over  victimization?<br />That alone makes the movie worth seeing.  The men and  women in this film are going through a lot of stuff, not the least of which  wishing they could go back to the time when life seemed to make sense- when  they were all together and much closer as friends.  But they can only move  forward: they can only accept the degree to which they are products of  their environment, and how that degree is much smaller than what they would  like to believe- in fact, to what degree they constructed their  environments through their choices in life.  One couple, married, still  grieving the death of a child, must face the anger at each other and  themselves- and God- before it destroys their marriage like a cancer; and  the husband leads the way.  One woman must face how she manipulates men  into severing their relationships with other women for her, only to blow  them off dazed and brokenhearted when there is nothing left to stand in the  way of her committing herself to them, including their old lives. Another  must come to terms with his sexuality enough to share it with his friends,  one of which has fallen in love with him, for all the wrong reasons.  The  comedy in this film is there by necessity I think moreso than artifice or  decoration; if you don't laugh at times at how confusing and hard life can  be you can't live it.  It balances out the transformation each character  must go through in order to get on with their lives, and be true to the  friendships they have reestablished that they owe so much joy and  revalation to.<br />The acting in this movie is wonderful, and through it  all, there are some pretty funny scenes.  The movie as a whole though can  have the effect of having your soul scrubbed with a scouring pad if you see  yourself or any life experience reflected in the characters.  And if you  think you can relate to anyone of them, or think you know someone who is  like one of them, you probably will.<br />A very special movie.  Don't rent  it for a group of friends, unless you're prepared to go through a similiar  roller coaster- and then be closer to them all then you ever have been  before.<br />The acting in this movie is wonderful, and through it  all, there are some pretty funny scenes.   The movie as a whole though can  have the effect of having your soul scrubbed with a scouring pad if you see  yourself or any life experience reflected in the characters.  And if you  think you can relate to anyone of them, or think you know someone who is  like one of them, you probably will.  <br />A very special movie.   Don't rent  it for a group of friends, unless you're prepared to go through a similiar  roller coaster- and then be closer to them all then you ever have been  before.
B00002MZ2C|5.0|Fans of the first two Rage discs may find this one hard to except at first.  It still can rock out (Guerilla Radio, Calm Like A Bomb, Sleep Now  In The Fire) but Rage show that they are experimenting in their sound.   Songs like &quot;Mike Check&quot; and &quot;Broken Man&quot; demonstrate  how Tom Morello is one of the most unique guitar players on the planet.   While the chillint and haunting &quot;Maria&quot; makes us all think twice  when we put on the big-brand clothes that we wear these days.  Rage is a  smart band who knows where they wanna go and what they want to do with  their music.  The Battle Of Los Angeles is a perfect demonstration of what  this band is growing to be.
B00004TJKB|4.0|Bill Murray made one of what I could call my Guru movies with this one: movies that do more than make me feel good by being well written, acted and  directed, but also teach me something important I need to know about life  (regardless of what I think I know), bettering me as a person.  Spike Lee's  MO' BETTER BLUES and Bridges and Williams in THE FISHER KING- and of  course, IT'S A WONDERFUL LIFE- are three others.  But Murray performs his  way through a magnificent modern day metaphor of Purgatory so incredibly,  attempting to rescue his soul from the restraints of his ego and experience  true love, that it may for a while surpass your other favorites- even  classics, if you are anything like me.  Anyone will enjoy this movie for  all the obvious reasons- Murray is about as artistically sarcastic and  hilarious as I have ever seen him, Andie McDowell plays the perfect  straightwoman and his down to earth love interest simultaneously.  Guys  with an insatiable competitive streak and profound sense of ambition who  think happiness will come in getting more of the same of what they already  have, however, will absolutely love it.  Bill shows us how neurotic we all  are and can become, and, if given the chance, would secretly welcome a  Groundhog Day of our own: a moment in time in a trivialized place we are  trapped in, until we find the true beauty in all things and in ourselves,  through mastering humility and real courageous love.  In fact, he kinda  shows us that we're already in one, if we're wise enough to see it!  All  this therapy in two hours or less for HOW much money?  And you still get  entertained too?<br />I reccommend this one very highly.
6304779607|5.0|This is a movie for Stallone fans only, like me.  While some of the action sequences are exciting, they are unrealistic.  For example, Sly is standing  in back of a speeding truck shooting at bad buys on motorcycles.  He then  proceeds to shoot every single bad guy while he himself does not take one  shot.  The car chase scene was very exciting to watch.  Somewhat  reminiscent of the scene in Bullit.  If you can get past the predictable  plot and the unrealistic action then this movie is for you.
078322799X|5.0|For the mainstream movie goers i would say that this is a 3 1/2 to 4 star movie, but i personally love it. THis movie is not a horror movie.  It is  more of a n action/thrillrer.  Every now and then someone will pop up from  behind a corner and cause a quick jump, but thats it.  The story is what  makes this movie great.  THe whole thing moves along at a beautiful pace  and never seems drawn out or slow. All the characters in this movie have  there own strange personalities that add to the overall strange yet, fun  feel of the film. You may want to rent it before you buy it, because there  are some moments of gore as well and the movie is kinda strange. THe dvd  looks and sounds great.  The picture is clear and crisp, and every sound  from bullets to the reapers scithe opening can be heard.  Buy this one on  dvd.
0783228457|5.0|This is a strange movie dealing with a mysterious cable signal that gives viewers uncanny hallucinations.  James Woods is a cable station operator  who investigates the source of the signal and eventually succumbs to it's  effects.  Lots of slimy special effects including a man who turns inside  out after being shot and a pistol that fuses to Woods's hand.  Some viewers  may be offended by scenes of female torture and bondage so beware.   Overall, a highly enjoyable and yet somewhat confusing film from the great  master of biological horror.
6301963717|4.0|Since so many people have reviewed Miller's I'll keep mine short. The movie is great. It keeps you totally wrapped up in the plot and you can't wait to see what happens next. The cahracters are all well developed and teh dialoue is fast and snappy. WAy up to standard Coehn Bro. fare. Like a mixture of Fargo and Barton Fink. Does contain gore, but not to graphic. you Definately need to be accepting of movie violence though. Excellent movie. Made me wish i was a mafia crime Lord. Kidding, jsut kidding...or am I?
0140177396|3.0|I just finished the book and I think it was interesting. I liked how the author developed the main characters.One had,characteristics the other one  needed so they complemented each other.The character that I  found special  was George because he was a leader who guided and protected  the dumb  character. The themes in this story were interesting and real.As regards  the plot ,I enjoyed it because there was suspense , sensitibity and  violence.I believed tha the ending was very good since it  was real.  However, I didn't like the long descriptions the author included.I didn 't  find it easy to read it because of the language used by the characters ,but  I realize it was suitable for poor workers with no education.
6305311463|4.0|When I rate a film, I look for a few specific things. First, I look at range of emotion. The more emotions I experience, as long as these are the  emotions I am SUPPOSED to feel, the better. Armageddon covered a wide range  of emotions in me. I laughed, I cried... Anyhow, this movie had it all. The  next criteria is that the movie has to make me care. I cared about the  stories, the characters, etc. Third for me is the fun factor. I enjoyed  myself thoroughly throughout the film. Finally, I look for replayability.  Let's just say it's a good thing DVD's don't wear out! I especially endorse  the Criterion version, because this 2-disc set has it all.  There are two  commentaries; one by the filmmakers and stars, and the other by the science  guys. The science fact-based one is excellent, and although you could tell  the four members of the entertainment based crew weren't in the same room,  it still managed to be easy to get sucked into. The Criterion edition is  also the Director's Cut of the film, with the most notable addition of the  touching scene between Harry and his father. The deleted scenes and gag  reels are a blast on the second disc. Between the extras and the improved  Director's Cut, plunk down the extra few bucks! A word about Steve Buscemi  - his pure entertainment value makes any movie just a little better. The  whole cast is great, but Buscemi and Owen Wilson were the scene-stealers  here!  It may seem this review discusses a 5-star film. It doesn't for one  reason. Call me crazy, but I will not rate a space flick with 5 stars until  SOMEONE gets the nads to NOT use fire and sound in space, two things that  can't exist in a vacuum. Oh well, I guess that brands me a geek! BUY THIS  DVD!
B000005JAX|5.0|If you are a Depeche fan you will more than likely like this cd by the man  who writes all the best songs in the world. Songs like Motherless Child and  Smile in this crowd are vintage Gore. Even though he didn't write any of  the songs he makes you feel that the songs are all his. He takes these  songs and sings them with as much emotion as he does with The Mode.
0451527712|4.0|This book is profound. It is unlike the story from the horror movie; you delve into the characters and find out the reasons for the monster's fury.  I recommend it to everyone!
B00004R99R|5.0|So the movie's not accurate... what Disney movie is? But that doesn't mean it's not good.... in fact it's great! You haven't seen funny until you see  James Wood's rendition of Hades. One of the latest Disney flicks.
6305126062|5.0|After seeing a &quot;River Runs Through It&quot; also directed by Robert Redford, which I loved and is a great movie in its own right, I had to see  &quot;Horse Whisperer&quot; which is equal to a river runs through it. Buy  both and you wont go wrong...
B00001U0GQ|2.0|I love this movie (five stars) having seen it in the theater and on VHS. The DVD version was one of the first I purchased for my new home theater.  Unfortunately, the video quality is awful, very grainey like you see on  DirecTV. It really distracts while watching the movie. I now have many  other titles and do not see such a poor quality picture. If you watch on a  small glass TV it shouldnt be a problem.  There are also no extras that are  often found on DVD like behind the scenes info, director comments. etc.
B00004THDI|5.0|This soundtrack takes you from the traffic on the road and to the snow capped mountains, the grassy plains, the lazy river, the grand waterfall.  Whatever you enjoy, this soundtrack will take you there, its a must  have.....
B00004XPOZ|1.0|Yet again Lucasfilm play on the naiveity of their legions of fanatics by re-releasing yet another version of the old Star Wars trilogy. If you  already possess the Special Edition videos and are prepared to fork out  your hard-earned cash for this set, then it's time to take stock of your  interest in the whole Star Wars caboodle and ask yourself if you're happy  to be played a fool. If Lucas can't be bothered (yet) to release the  long-awaited SW DVDs, why should you put up with second-best? Do yourself a  favour and buy a few FarScape DVDs - or - for the fun-loving and more  broad-minded sci-fi viewer - LEXX (Tales from the Dark Zone). Then you'll  learn just how much fun Star Wars is taking away from you!
B00004TWZF|5.0|I purchased the video version when released in U.S many years ago. I saw  this movie on the big screen back in 1988 or 89 and was just consumed by  the story and the photography and musical score. I cant wait to see the DVD  directors cut, Ive been waiting for 12 years now, I KNOW IT WILL BE GOOD!!!<br /><br />Well I purchased the DVD and have been disappointed, yes...The musical score that is included in the United States is not the same as in Europe. The U.S. score is much better imo and better fits the stories emotional scences. This directors cut is the european version...the movie itself was nice to see and the additional minutes enlightened me on some questions i had of the characters...now if they would just put the U.S. release soundtrack it would be a winner all the way around......
B00004XPOZ|5.0|3 days before x-mas someone broke into my house and among the things were stolen was my favorite film &quot;Star Wars Special Edition Widescreen  Episode IV&quot;. I ended with the other 2 episodes and no luck finding the  widescreen version anywhere, not even for auction! But my thirst will be  taken care soon. The thing I don't get is why not DVD? I mean come on ! Is  it that George Lucas don't  have any more room in his vault for more  millions worth of dvd sales ? You're gonna need a bigger boat / vault! Get  it?   I saw that AMAZON.COM has already listed for &quot;wanna have  dvd's&quot; the trilogy but no street date yet. Common don't tease us like  that ; this isn't A NEW HOPE for dvd owners. I just can't understand why  some people and companies refuses to get millions now instead of some  day... just like what happened with Quantum Leap. The Lee Harvey Oswald  episode is not out yet?  Why?  Anyway double thumbs up for the Star Wars  Saga but until we brake the barrier of your VCR chewing your favorite film  and not been able to get another one the dvd is like the matrix....... some  people get hook and are not ready to be unplugged. The VHS release is  welcome and I'll buy it but what we all really want is the DVD episodes IV,  V, VI.
B00003CWPR|5.0|Eyes wide shut is a excellent movie. though it has everyone up in arms with the digital altercations. WHO CARES! eyes wide shut is Tom Cruise best  role , same goes to Kidman.<br />Stanley Kuberick will be remembered for 2001,  the shining, and EYES WIDE SHUT<br />Eyes Wide Shut:A
6305627401|5.0|This is one of the funniest movies ever made.  I have now seen it about 10 times and it hasn't lost its edge.  Whenever someone comes over who hasn't  seen it I'll be popping it in the DVD player again!  It has everything you  might be looking for in a movie except good taste (and who's looking for  that!).  Marvel at Winona's ping pong ball trick!  See the Fightin' Jesus!  Bop to the flatulent beat of T&amp;P!  Burn your Phil Collins CDs!  Sing  along with Satan!  Laugh, cry, and become a better person!  Do not miss  this movie.
B000003TAB|5.0|Buy this CD. In my opinion one of the best Nirvana albums.  &quot;Dive&quot; is one ofmy favorite songs from the band, bothmusically  and lyrically. The CD has a slight New Wave sound to it, not as bass heavy  as say songs from Nevermind.
B000003S0F|5.0|Downloaded a number of songs found this recording from Napster and bought the cd because I liked what I heard.<br />While certainly not as accessable  as: In the Court of the Crimson King, In the wake of Posideon, Disipline  and Lizard; it does have an avant garde feel to it that fans of Gentle  Giant and John Coltrane and James Blood Ulmer would enjoy.<br />Some tracks  like &quot;Ladies of the Road, Formentera Lady are classic mainstream  progressive rock.<br />Unlike the Earthbound cd by KC, the disonance/screetchy  sax sounds on this recordings are well planned out, thus not making them  sound like improvised noise on the afore-mentioned cd.<br />A varied a musical  recording that I recommend.
B00002MZ4W|5.0|I wasn't sure if I wanted to purchase this cd, becuase of the last album &quot;Tidal&quot;. I listened to &quot;Tidal&quot; at a friends home and  only liked a few songs. I couldn't stop lisenting to &quot;When the  pawn...&quot; after I bought it. All the songs are written by Fiona and  written from the heart. I can relate to all the lyrics of all the songs and  I know others can to. This is my only cd that I like every song and never  have to skip forward. I'm positive that if you like just one song on the  cd, you'll like every song!
0486281523|5.0|I just had to question this - the book is rated at a reading level for 4 - 8 year olds, but some of the reviewers mention going on technical  interviews and keeping track of columns in Scientific America over a number  of years?
1558801871|5.0|Denzel plays a jazz musician who is torn between two women, but he is really more devoted to his career. But as it turns out, he doesn't want to commit to either of the women until he is forced to in the end, when he is on the verge of losing the one true love of his life: his music. It is then that he comes to realize that music is not the only thing that can give him happiness. Spike Lee, Wesley Snipes, Cynda Williams and Joie Lee are all wonderful in their roles, and the music and cinematography is gorgeous. A must-see.
B00003CWNR|5.0|The directing is wonderful and so is the acting. And if you haven't seen Maguire in RIDE WITH THE DEVIL, you need to see this wonderful film also.  Caine is wonderful and Theron is hotter than hell.  A really beautiful  woman.  <br />My only complaint and observation:  this film should not have  been called the Cider House Rules.  This title is weakly portrayed in the  film.  A skimpy list of rules on a wall?
B000002UW1|5.0|In &quot;Document&quot; Micheal Stipe is probably at his least oblique and most veracious; which is not to say he is not oblique, but as one listens,  he or she can only feel that this is as good as it will get. In a sence,  &quot;Document&quot; is indeed as good as it will get. With the fine  cacophonic banshee screams of &quot;Finest Worksong&quot; accompanied with  the newspaper exerpt marvel of &quot;It's the End of the World as we know  it(and I Feel Fine)&quot; the album is an unimpunged masterpiece. <br />Other  poignant keepers that lurk in this politcal/introspective collge romp,  include: the wry &quot;Exhuming McCarthy,&quot; the proletarian  &quot;Oddfellows 151&quot; and the unequivocally somber &quot;the one I  Love&quot;<br />The Music beautifully backing Stipe's mellifluous vocals is  also worth noting, because it really captures that timeless epoch of  college pop. In other words, the album is brilliant in in its ability to  sound distinct and melodic. Of course, Scott Litt's lush, ample production  really aids &quot;Document's&quot; discrete and uninhibited sound. <br />So in  the words of Michael Stipe &quot;hang your Coller up at the door,&quot;  listen to the somewhat abstruse words, and have a good time.
6305537550|5.0|This movie is awesome, and it stands far above your usual slasher movies in that it will keep you on the edge of your seat and it doesn't need that  much gore or violence.  The theme is the best I have ever heard from any  movie.  Although this series was killed by its sequels, Halloween is  none-the-less a true horror movie and one that any and all horror fans  should check out.
B00004SCX6|4.0|At first listen this seems to be another pop album about dating boys and tooth decay.  Listen again, intrepid pop mavens, for BSpears has much to  say on the state of social degradation in these trying times.  The first  few songs are apparent throw-aways, a warm-up of things to come.  I know  most reading this are either pro-Britney or adult, but this is really a  mature album.  Themes range from the desperation involved in being a pop  star (&quot;Lucky&quot;) to how tough it is to be a pop star (&quot;Dear  Diary&quot;), and everything in-between.  I recommend this to all pop music  fans who are desperate for a breath of fresh air!<br />-Bean
0782008372|2.0|I saw the film in the cinema a long time ago and it impressed me much. I was 23 at the time. The good memories blossomed in my mind so I decided to buy the DVD because I thought it was such a classic.  Actually, with the  eyes of the 32-old that I am now, it's really bad. Except for Sean Connery  the acting is bad, for starters. The fighting scene music is atonal mayhem  (considering I appreciate heavy metal, that is saying something). Specific  to this DVD: The Director's Cut thing adds little, if anything. The sound  and music is very loud in comparison to the dialogues. Sometimes there is  subtitling when they're actually not saying anything audible.
B000002UDB|1.0|With tracks like &quot;Blue Jay Way&quot;, &quot;Flying&quot; and  &quot;Your Mother Should Know&quot;, this album has the worst Beatle filler  on it of any album except the White Album. &quot;Strawberry Fields&quot;  always gets recognition, but John Lennon just couldn't sing - with that  nasally &quot;Strawberrie FIELDS For-eveh&quot; being repeated.<br />This is  one of the worst offerings, with no major hits. 1-star
B00004U30D|5.0|American Beauty does the perfect job of portraying a disfunctional family in this decade.<br />Kevin Spacey is wonderful in his role as Lester Burnham.  Spacey's performance by far makes this film.  He adds many touches of  comedy and sarcasm throughout this ununusal tale.<br />Annette Bening plays  Lester's disfunctional cheating wife Carolyn. Bening should have won a best  supporting actress award for her role in AB.<br />From Spacey's sarcasm,  Bening's quirkiness, and Mena Suvari's seductive, yet sexy role as the  young Angela Hayes; American Beauty's tale of lust, infidelity and mid life  crisis is a real joy to watch.<br />I can not recommend this film to you  enough! It is very much worth a purchase!
B00000337U|4.0|This is a nice mix of stuff Burton did a few decades ago.  It's two LPs on  one CD - Keith Jarrett is on only one of the LPs, so he's on just half the  CD.  Some of the part with Jarrett is about as close to jazz/rock fusion as  I have heard either of them play, but it's not cliche, it's good stuff,  bright, fine melodies, creative rhythm changes - it still sounds fresh,  hearing it again after all these years. Then there's some more tranquil  tracks, it's not all of one rhythm. Moonchild, and In Your Quiet Place,  etc., memorable, fine tunes.  The other half of the CD is the LP Throb,  very different from the part with Jarrett, more moody in parts - the rhythm  of the title cut does just what it says, throbbing with yearning - but the  LP is also in parts light and whimsical, like bassist Swallow's composition  - what's it called, Doing the Chicken?  A good double album CD, a nice mix  of two very different vintage Burton LPs.
B00004SCX6|4.0|Britney Spears' album does a remarkable job of mixing both past and current pop trademarks while aligning with her production and performance  style. Her version of the Rolling Stones' &quot;(I Can't Get No)  Satisfaction&quot; brings the song to 2000  without losing its complaining  stance and attitude, while &quot;Lucky&quot; updates the girl-group idiom.  &quot;Lucky&quot; - the tale of a star whose fame brings her nothing but  misery -  continues a thread that runs through the album that might make  you wonder rather these songs are biographical, especially considering the  controversy over some of the outfits the singer has worn this year.   Britney declares in &quot;What U See&quot;  that her boyfriend doesn't like  her &quot;wearing too much makeup&quot; and tight dresses, and the title  track allows her to tell some suitor that she's &quot;not that  innocent.&quot; &quot;Oops!&quot;, &quot;Stronger&quot; and &quot;One Kiss  From You&quot; avoid the vacuous rut that plagues a lot of the current  dance music, but that can't be said of most of the ballads here. They're  pretty banal - especially the Shania Twain castoff &quot;Don't Let Me Be  the Last to Know.&quot;
B000002WPI|5.0|It's not often that you can pick up an album which is 100% raw talent.  In fact, I could safely say that in the past decade I've found less than ten  albums which deserve the above accolade.  Wu Tang's 36 chambers take that  down to 9.<br />36 Chambers was groundbreaking.  It created a whole new  sub-culture within the Rap and Hip Hop genre, and gave us more talent in  one album that at the time could be found in a selection of twenty.  I  remember listening to it and knowing that this album had changed my  perception of music, Rap and Hip Hop forever.<br />In seven years I still  haven't found a place within 36 Chambers that makes me want to switch to  another room.  There's not one bad verse, one weak link.  The chain is  solid.  How anyone could mix the bounciness of Shame on a Nigga, with the  emotion of Tearz, and the threats of Bring da Ruckus, with the insight of  C.R.E.A.M., it's beyond me.  No wonder that the production force of the RZA  is much coveted.<br />Of course it helps that the Clan's members all have  their own unmistakable style.  But remember - 36 Chambers was the  beginning, the start of the whole thing.  Look at Method Man, Look at the  ODB, Inspectah Deck, Rza, Gza, Ghostface Killah.  Lok at where they are,  and what they're doing now.  It's all on the back of 36 Chambers, when  their talent was first brought to light.<br />They say, the birth of a new  life is the most incredible thing one can ever see.  With 36 Chambers, we  saw a multiple labour.<br />Can you fight the Wu Tang sword style?  Not a  chance.
0804102988|5.0|I have often wondered about the almost endless stream of ancestors which have preceded me.  Piecing together my own roots all the way back into  prehistory is completely impossible; however, with Edward Rutherfurd I  believe I have discovered the next best thing.  Reading along through the  ages with Rutherfurd's chosen families not only gives one an intimate view  on technological advances, political changes, and religious upheavals.  A  careful reading also gives you a chance to see how your own family's  history might have unfolded.  I have always found that I enjoyed books best  that not only drew me into their stories, but sparked my imagination to  envision stories of my own. It would take me an entire lifetime to write a  book this big;  fortunately, it only takes me a few weeks to read one. I  strongly encourage potential readers to take the plunge and not be put off  by the book's length.  Even after reading several hundred pages, you will  still wish that you could find out more about the lives of many of the  poignant characters he creates.  As a bonus, the average person will find  his or her knowledge of English history greatly, and entertainingly,  enhanced.
B000005DQR|5.0|Buy it, love it, Come back and tell me that I was right.<br />Because I  am.<br />Not because I'm an up my own backside Muso Afficionado, nor because  I'm here to make people part with their hard earned money on dud  purchases.<br />But because this is a Modern classic.  A sign of the times  that puts everything, even the toaster into perspective.<br />Listen to  &quot;Midnight in a Perfect World&quot; tell me that you don't see it, you  don't feel it. Listen to &quot;Building Steam With a Grain Of Salt&quot;  and If I'm wrong about the fact that Josh Davies is a man to be held in the  highest of respect, mail me and I will personally send you your money  back.<br />Even my father thinks that this deserves a place in the Musical  hall of fame.  And he's 58.
078322608X|1.0|as a buff and collector / audiophile i jumped at the dts version 6-8 months ago but am rather p-0'd to see this release: i love the commentary  stuff and the extras on dvds.  the studios are REALLY irritating in this  lack of concern for me the customer.<br />do they really expect me to buy a  second copy to get this stuff? it is not an appropriate way to deal with  consumers, imo.<br />loved the movie, love everything gilliam does... except  this marketing ploy.
0316921173|5.0|Yes, Bizarre.  Utterly, yet delightfully bizarre.  That is the only possible way I can attempt to sum up Infinite Jest in just a phrase.<br />This  sprawling (900 pages plus footnotes!) novel is set just outside Boston, and  primarily takes place in a breeding ground for future tennis pros and a  halfway house for recovering drug addicts.  Wallace's non-linear  storytelling makes for some confusion, especially at first when we know  nothing about the new calendar used in the book, and makes for some  interesting storytelling.<br />Wallace uses a fascinating, involved story to  comment on the interplay of addiction and entertainment in our society.  He  uses emotions and imagery ranging from stark and harsh to warm and  familial.
6304913176|1.0|This is the worst movie ever.  Don't rent it!   Save your money and yourself!   The only good thing was the bugs.  The acting is BAD, and WHY  did they put Denise Richards in it...in any movie for that matter!  What's  with the whole Nazi thing?  And are the nude scenes really necessary?  The  story is SO unrealistic!  I suggest reading the book and watching the TV  show!  They're both way better.  The movie doesn't even deserve one star!
B000003TAR|4.0|If you prefer heavier Nirvana(well except for, All Apologies and Dumb)  this is it. If not stick to Nevermind. The best songs on this disc are  Scentless Apprentice (great drum riff), Milk It, Radio Friendly Unit  Shifter, Pennyroyal Tea, and of course Heart-Shaped Box. I don't what the  point of tourette's is though?
0780021150|5.0|Why have Criterion choosen to not include extras with this release? It is a landmark film. It is a classic. It was important then, as it is now.  People who want to watch it (again and again) would like to know more about  the background for the film and why it is so important. This kind of  information should have included.<br />The original title was supposed to be  &quot;The killer amongst us&quot;. The Nazis were uneasy with this because  they worried that the title meant them.<br />The film is about a child  murderer. Unfortunatly this makes the film highly relevant today. The  murder of the girl with the baloon is a landmark scene. How many times have  we seen copies of it in other films. In this , Langs first sound movie, he  uses sound techniques that was far ahead of its time. Perhaps he did not  invent the sound bridge(sound from one scene carries over to another), but  it is the earliest film where i have heard one.<br />Also, after the murderer  (brilliantly played by Peter Lorre) notices the &quot;M&quot; mark on his  shoulder, watch closely when we watch him staring at us through a shopping  window. You will se that he has a ring around his head, made up of the  knifes on display in the window. It is the story, characters, filmtechnique  and gems like these that makes you watch the film again and again.<br />The  last few seconds of the film is cut in many versions. This because Lang  manages to turn the motive(revenge) to something  different. Watch it and  decide for yourself why one would like to remove the ending.In only a few  second and a few words, the whole purpose of the film is changed. It is  brilliant. Very clever!
B000002J3W|5.0|The REAL Skid Row left us with their best effort with Subhuman Race. Bob  Rock shows us why he's a great producer and Skid Row shows us why they were  a great band. This CD's got some great heavy tunes like the opener &quot;My  Enemy&quot;, &quot;Frozen&quot;, &quot;Subhuman Race&quot;, &quot;Beat  Yourself Blind&quot;. And don't forget &quot;Firesign&quot;, &quot;Into  Another&quot;, &quot;Remains to be Seen&quot;. I think if this CD was  released this year when Metal is popular, Skid Row would be a huge band  still today.
6305013578|5.0|It deserves it.<br />I have only seen this film in cinemas. From what i gather, it is the East German version from about 1975 that is THE version  to get. It does have an long and annoying announcement at the begining,  declaring that without the socialist goverments willingness for  preservation of landmark films, the capitalists would have lost our film  heritage. But apart from that, that version will be the closest we can come  to the original. Hopefully we will get the Metropolis we deserve.<br />5 stars  for the film.
0060977493|5.0|If you have any free time on your hands, use it to read this book. &quot;The God of Small Things&quot; by Arundhati Roy is an amazing splash  of words onto the pages of a book which you will finish and want to  immediately read again, because it is so full of perceptive and pertinent  detail. The story begins around 1969, and depicts the lives of two young  boy-girl twins (Estha and Rahel) in southern India. Oh so simple? No, you  will not only become a friend to, and live within the twins' lives, but you  will be granted access into the &quot;who&quot; and the &quot;why&quot; of  every character. Author Arundhati Roy takes us on an unforgettable journey.  How is one person (Roy) able to so accurately display the innerworkings of  the diverse lives we encounter in this novel? Let yourself wonder. Read  this novel.
B00004TWZF|3.0|I saw this just once in an American theater when it was first released and the one thing I remember was the intense, bright colors and gorgeous  cinematography. The story and acting get five stars, but when I saw the  film on DVD it had me wondering, what happened to the color?  I remember  it as breathtaking and now it seemed dull and washed out. Hence, I give  this DVD an average rating. None-the-less, a wonderful story even if it is  heavily fictionalized.
6305363668|3.0|I'm a big fan of Blade Runner, this movie is a classic (both, the original and the director's cut). If you haven't seen the original, try that one  first. The director's cut add some additional things, but all the  background narration from the original was eliminated. Even with the  narration(s), some parts are a little difficult to understand, and without  the narration, they're even worst. <br />If you're a Blade Runner fan, you got  to watch this film, but if this is the first time you're going to see this  film, try the original, otherwise, you'll be so lost that you'll probably  end up hating the movie. For those who have seen the first one, try a look  at this one. For  me the original is the best. <br />Also if you're a Blade  Runner fan, try reading  Philip K. Dick's  novel Do Androids Dream of  Electric Sheep, compare the Blade Runner from the novel with the one on the  movie (of course their not the same), if you have played the Blade Runner  game for PC and have not read Philip's novels, you'll be lost, because the  game takes some things from the movie and the novel. Enjoy .....
B00004TWZG|4.0|First let me say I loved the American version of this film. The extra 24 minutes are mostly a series of scenes where Matilda and Leon kill various  drug dealers, about 20 minutes worth of time. The remaining time is taken  up in scenes where the sexual tension between the two is more emphasized.  One scene in particular where Matilda asks Leon to sleep with her is  included. I can see why this didn't work for an American audience. The  American version kept the relationship more on a father/daughter role then  does the International version. Overall, I'd say that if you already have  the American version on DVD I wouldn't bother with this version. The 24  minutes doesn't add much value to this film and changes the feel of the  film a bit, in the negative in my opinion. There are no special features  that add any value either.
0671578855|5.0|What happens when a hyperactive, self-obsessed, results-oriented genius, who is also a bit dwarfish, the son of the ex-regent of his planet, and  former commander for a group of galactic mercenaries decides to court a  widow that is sour on marriage?  Well, it has to be comedy, there is just  no other choice.  <br />A Civil Campaign (A Comedy of Biology and Manners) is  all about  Miles Vorkosigan, and his somewhat inept efforts at courtship.    Add to the mix, his brother's newest business endeavor, butterbugs (bugs  that produce food), combine a dash of political intrigue, a sex change  operation and some dense relatives, and the results are hilarious. <br />I  found this book vastly entertaining.  It made me laugh.  It made my heart  ache.  It made me cry.  I loved it.<br />If you don't know Miles Vorkosigan  already, this book probably isn't the best one to start with.  But if you  know him, and love him, read it.  If you haven't experienced the  Vorkosiverse, do it now, as this series is fabulous.  Start with Shards of  Honor, Barrayer, The Warrier's Apprentice, etc. and read them all.  It will  be a treat.<br />These books are so well written, I read them over and over  again, and am always entertained.  In some ways I envy those who have not  read these books, because the experience is fabulous.  I've introduced  several folks, and they are now confirmed addicts.
0345423496|2.0|Clarke should have left well enough alone. 2001, 2010, and 2061 were all fascinating stories. 3001 appears to be little more than a Clarke  manifesto, full of his not-too-subtle preaching on various subjects (it's  one thing for him to be a vegetarian or vegan or whatever he is; quite  another to go on and on about &quot;corpse food&quot;). If you've completed  the trilogy, leave it at that and pass this one up.
0671578855|5.0|What happens when a hyperactive, self-obsessed, results-oriented genius, who is also a bit dwarfish, the son of the ex-regent of his planet, and  former commander for a group of galactic mercenaries decides to court a  widow that is sour on marriage?  Well, it has to be comedy, there is just  no other choice.  <br />A Civil Campaign (A Comedy of Biology and Manners) is  all about  Miles Vorkosigan, and his somewhat inept efforts at courtship.    Add to the mix, his brother's newest business endeavor, butterbugs (bugs  that produce food), combine a dash of political intrigue, a sex change  operation and some dense relatives, and the results are hilarious. <br />I  found this book vastly entertaining.  It made me laugh.  It made my heart  ache.  It made me cry.  I loved it.<br />If you don't know Miles Vorkosigan  already, this book probably isn't the best one to start with.  But if you  know him, and love him, read it.  If you haven't experienced the  Vorkosiverse, do it now, as this series is fabulous.  Start with Shards of  Honor, Barrayer, The Warrier's Apprentice, etc. and read them all.  It will  be a treat.<br />These books are so well written, I read them over and over  again, and am always entertained.  In some ways I envy those who have not  read these books, because the experience is fabulous.  I've introduced  several folks, and they are now confirmed addicts.
6302732875|5.0|This is just a mesmirizing picture.  For 100 minutes, you are rivited to the screen, watching the presence of six spectacular performers speaking  dialogue so crisp and beautiful it can almost be considered poetry.While  this film is initially about real estate and the men who sell it, Glengarry  Glen Ross is ultimately about the working man and what lengths he will sink  to to perserve both his job and his pride.  Of all the superb performances  in this film, Alec Baldwin and Jack Lemmon stand out the most.  Baldwin's  ten minutes of 'motivation' are harrowing, Lemmon's performance of a once  great real estate broker who has fallen on hard times is both touching and  pathetic.  Of course, Al Pacino, Ed Harris, Alan Arkin and Kevin Spacey are  spectacular as well, it's Lemmon who is perhaps the most identifiable  character to most viewers.One reviewer wrote of this film that ensemble  casts of this magnitude rarely ever stand up to the presented material,  this film's cast certainly does.  Brilliantly written and acted, this is  one of the very best films of the 1990's and a true masterpiece for all  time.
B00004XPP0|5.0|Even though they released the Special Edition on VHS in August of 1997, it was only available for 90 days or something close to that.  With the  release of Episode I last year there were probably tons of people who  rushed to the video store to buy a copy of the original trilogy only to  find that it was out of print.  Therefore, I'm sure there are people out  there who are happy to see this set being made available in November.  Also  the added bonus of Episode II footage is sure to please anyone who  purchases this set.  And for everyone who is screaming for a DVD set of  these fine films, don't worry, Lucasfilm has stated that it's on the way.  Better later than never.
0792841344|5.0|Phantasm is one of the creepies movies ever made, and watching this DVD version only enhances that statement.The film revolves around two brothers  who discover some sinister secrets in their town mortuary.  Phantasm  essentially plays like one of the worst nightmares you've ever had.  It's  loud, surreal and at times, very nonsensical. Angus Scrimm's excellent  performance as the Tall Man is one character you'll never forget, and his  flying spheres have become infamous with moviegoers for the past 20 years.   Director Don Coscarelli must be given a ton of credit for this film.  In  the hands of almost any other filmmaker, this could've ended up very, very  awful, but here, under Coscarelli, it plays out brilliantly.  It makes  sense, but not perfectly, that's what distinguishes this film as a horror  film from many sci-fi films with some similar themes.  A film like Phantasm  doesn't have to fit perfectly together, it jangles your nerves, creeps you  out and and makes you want more.  It's a good thing too, Phantasm II,  Phantasm III and Phantasm Oblivion followed in '88, '93 and '98  respectively.For maximum effect of this superb disc, watch it alone, with  the lights out with the 5.1 Dolby Digital adio cranked way up....guaranteed  nightmares!  BOYYYYYYYYYYYYY!
6305905401|4.0|waitin' on part II, especially if the green-eyed babe is in it. I thought this was a real good movie, and I'm hard to please these days.
B00004T20I|5.0|All of the other reviews before this one were for the CD version. Let's be clear: This LP release is the MONO version of Axis: Bold As Love. It is  pressed on 180 grams of virgin vinyl by Classic Records, an audiophile  specialist label.<br />This release is nothing short of fantastic! The LP was  mastered from the original MONO master tapes. If you wanted to buy an  original mono LP of this, it would set you back around $1,500! No kidding!  The mono edition was never again released until now. The mixes are  completely different from the stereo release.<br />Jimi's original engineer,  Eddie Kramer, oversaw this release and cut the record from the original  full track Mono tapes played back on a special full-track Mono head  specifically made for this reissue. <br />I just bought my copy from Amazon  and you should, too, to support vinyl! The sound is full and open, just as  Jimi (probably) would have wanted it!
B00000JG41|4.0|Veri gud record jees. Like verimats thiskaind pop musik. Thanks.
078322687X|5.0|This movie is wonderful. I first saw it when I was about 12 at a slumber party. I'll never forget it, my friends and I were drooling over Emilo  Estevez and Judd Nelson all night. We all loved it. It wasn't until the  series Suddenly Susan started on television that I realised I knew Jack's  character (played by Judd Nelson)from somewhere. I finally figured it out,  The Breakfast Club and then spent 9 months tracking a copy down. I found it  in a backwards video store 50kms from home, but I hired it every other  week, and introduced alot of my uni friends to The Breakfast Club.<br />There  is something for everyone in this movie young and old. You can realate to  at least one character or part of a character and by the end of the movie  you love them all. You can see your friends in these characters. This movie  is really a great watch. It is even applicable to teens today, i highly  recommend this excellent 80's brat pack movie.<br />Another good watch from  the brat pack era is St. Elmo's Fire, check it out.
0790729725|5.0|Loaded with stunning characterists and appealing tension, Goodfellas is arguably Scorsese's best film since Raging Bull in 1980. There have not  been any equal competitors afterwards, either. Robert DeNiro and Joe Pesci  give one of the top performances of their whole careers, and that gives  support to Ray Liotta. Martin Scorsese's high quality artistic directory  and exciting storytelling lock you on your couch for full pack of quality  entertainment. Definite crime classic. <br />Oh, by the way, I like to scratch  my butts while asleep.
076783819X|1.0|This movie had one of the most inrteresting beginnings i've ever seen, it gets you into the movie right away.  After that though the movie's  photogtaphy is annoying and the movie just gets stupid.  The ending is  depressing and i'd just like to say that who ever wrote this movie is a  disturbed person with a disgusting outook on life.  If you aren't all there  and you like a truly depressing movie that would hurt a normal person's  head then this is the movie that you've been searching for.
B000003BF1|5.0|Rolling Stones is definitely my favourite band!!! Noisy avantgarde-techno  has always fascinated me. Best song of this record is &quot;The Gentle Art  of Making Enemies&quot;.
6304789300|4.0|When this first came out i wasn't interested in it at all.  It looked just like all those other dumb survivor movies.  My Dad saw it on a buisness  trip and convinced me to see it.  I can honestly say that i realy realy  enjoyed this movie.  What made the movie very very good was Anthony  Hopkins' character's interesting personality.  His character loved to read  and new almost everything it seemed like.  If i tell to mutch about the  movie it will ruin it but i suggest seeing this movie, it is my second  favorite movie Anthony Hopkins' was in to Silence of the Lambs and you know  how great that movie is.
B00001U0GQ|5.0|Easily one of the best movies from Hollywood in the 1990's. Generally,  they truely do not make them like they use to, but this movie is  exceptional. I too could not take my eyes off of it. Absolutely spectacular  scenery, the mountains, the waterfalls, etc. Brilliant acting by everyone  in the picture. The only thing I was disapointed in was the removal of  &quot;I will find you&quot; from the DVD.
B000035Z3K|5.0|I have seen most versions of Dracula and other vampire movies and Bela  Lugosi is the best. His legend is secure thanks to the original sucess of  this movie. The gothic scenery is spectacular and Universals new DVD  containing both the spanish version and the Lugosi version are a must.  Lugosi is handsome, charming and hypnotic. A wonderful horror classic.
0792839692|5.0|I recently had my 30th birthday and also remember this movie from when I  was a child. It was one of the first science fiction movies I had seen. The  special effects are not that bad. In fact, I dont see how computer graffics  are all that superior to models? Frankly, the computer generated images  look like computer generated images to me. Anyway, a wonderfully done  movie, good acting in a good story in a futuristic setting.
6304711905|5.0|But Tombstone is better. Maybe it is just because I'm in a different generation but I never understood why people thought my darling clementine  was so great? Anyway, about Tombstone. Absolutely superior acting. Kurt  Russell does an excellent portrayal of Wyatt Earp and no contest on Val  Kilmer's Doc Holliday. Wonderfully done story. Most of the story stays true  to form, some I suspect was changed to make the story work within a two  hour time frame. Hands down, Tombstone is the best western done about the  OK corral- And I've seen most of them!
0140277447|4.0|The horrors of war are well accounted within the pages of The Rape of Nanking.  Although the specific plight of the victims of the Japanese  occupation of China is considered the focus of this book, more important,  and more interesting, is the attempt made to understand the reasons for  this occurrence.  After reading this book, read others about similar  episodes: Auschwitz, Dachau, the massacres of Native Americans in the  American West. Try to imagine yourself in the role of power that the  villains played.  Can we all be sure of our own actions?<br />This book  appears a good accounting of the Nanking occupation, and, based on the  references provided, appears factual and complete. It's okay reading,  comparatively simple and uncomplex, and suitable for most any adult reading  level.  It is graphic in some parts, but it does not convey the horror that  other books have captured so well. I agree with earlier reviewers that some  measure of Japan-bashing exists within the book, but the author is clearly  undergoing a cathartic experience of her own throughout the writing, and,  as such, this can be excused.  All in all, a good read.  Highly  thought-provoking and recommended to everyone.
B00000K0E5|5.0|Goldeneye is a great Bond film and is a must buy just like most other 007  films. Buy it wou will not regret it.
B000002A3T|5.0|Its amazing that Pink Floyd comes up with some really good music after  Roger Waters leaves the group. There's no denying the fact that albums like  Dark Side of the Moon, Delicate Sound of Thunder, The Wall etc. are legends  of rock but Division Bell carved a different niche that was, unfairly, not  received well by the &quot;traditional&quot; Pink Floyd fans.<br />Maybe it  should have been named &quot;Listen Without Prejudice&quot;! By not  bringing a mind-set to this album, you'll see the great work of David  Gilmour and how wrong Roger Waters was to try and break up the group.  Compositions like Coming Back to Life and Take it Back are masterpieces.
B000002J1U|5.0|The transition from Zeppelin II to III was incredible.  Led Zeppelin III  was the logical step in the right direction moving towards a more melodic  change of tempo.  Zep II rocked, Zep III is just mellow gold.  Sure it  starts out heavy with Immigrant Song but then progresses into a truly  beautiful album.  Since I've Been Loving You is far and away the best track  on the CD, while Gallows Pole, Tangerine, Out on the Tiles, and That's the  Way meld perfectly from track to track.  Celebration Day is another classic  Zep tune not to be overlooked on this album.  Most of the Zep II and IV  fans will probably be disappointed by this marked change in style, but if  you liked Led Zep I and Physical Graffiti then definitely check this out.  It's a classic!
B000002JSZ|5.0|Hey, this album is one of the best of the post Bon-era, sure it's not  Highway To Hell but nothing can be that. You have to give Brian credit and  the boys also, after making Back In Black, and For Those About To Rock,  it's pretty damn hard to make something up to those standards 3 times in a  row but I do love this album and it is a lost classic and should be owned  even by the semi AC/DC fan.
B000021YCI|5.0|Deguello is a CD that will change the way you hear music.  This is ZZ  before they sold out and at the peak of their powers.  The production on  this album is so good, that it sounds like it just came out today.  The  tracks are amazing, HiFi Mama just flat out rocks, Fool for your Stockings  is electric blues at its best, and I'm Bad, I'm Nationwide might be the  best song ZZ Top ever wrote.  If you think of ZZ Top just simply for Legs  or Sharp Dressed Man then you have overlooked the heart and soul of this  band.  Deguello is one of the most important rock albums released in the  20th century.  But don't listen to me, buy it and judge for yourself.
B000002JS8|5.0|A A A, 3 of the most famous chords ever. The start to one of the best  songs ever recorded. One of the best albums ever recorded! Bon, without  you, this album wouldn't be what it is. Rest in peace friend.
0783240503|5.0|Donny Osmond has 'Joseph' in his hip pocket. The interpretation from stage to video dosen't lose any of the power or creativity at all. The songs, the  dance, the acting are all there  for you to enjoy in your living room. It  flows and excites as well as any stage production, ecept you can enjoy it  at home. Donny Osmond's portrayal of 'Joseph' is truly wonderful. He plays  'Joseph' with love and passion. All of the cast executes a flawless  performance, and the children add a touch of whimsey and reality to  it.<br />This is a wonderful film for the whole family. If you weren't lucky  enough to see it live, definitely buy the movie. You won't be sorry!
B000002JS0|5.0|Without this, what could AC/DC not been? This ablum, and Let There Be  Rock, made AC/DC what they are, a good ol rock and roll band. I highly  recommend it. It has to be one of the best AC/DC albums out there today.
B0000026T4|3.0|I was disgusted when I saw that Alice Cooper had become so desperate to sell records that he had gone with the crowd and done a power-ballad album  about sex.  &quot;Poison&quot;, &quot;Spark In The Dark&quot;, and  &quot;This Maniac's In Love With You' were really good, but this album is  pretty much a disappointment.  Nothing like &quot;Billion Dollar  Babies&quot; or even &quot;Constrictor&quot;.
0767805712|5.0|Although one thread of this story involves space travel, it really is a &quot;thinking person's&quot; science fiction film (read: no explosions,  chases, or firearms) that sheds a new and interesting light on  discrimination.  Are we really created with pre-determined limits on what  we can do, or are we limited primarily by what we *believe* we can do?  Or  even worse, to what extent are we limited by what *others* believe we can  do?  Gattaca is beautifully filmed and acted and has a haunting, memorable  soundtrack.  This has indeed become one of my favorite films.
1559408898|4.0|The first time I saw this movie I was in high school and it mesmorized me.....it still does. A model cop is killed in the line of duty and he is  turned in to the ultimate crime fighting machine. He only has two problems:  First most of the bad guys are  holding political office and second, he  just cant seem to shake that pesky human side. It is a classic kill the bad  guys plot but there is so much more. First the special effects are great  considering this movie was made before the computer effects were as fluid  as they are today. Second, Verhoeven adds his usual political and social  satire to make this a bit of a thinkers movie. Finally, there is enough  action and violence so that you dont have to think if you dont want to. The  Criterion Collection people really spiced this up. You get a lot of extras  for your buck and the death scenes are unedited (this can be good or bad  depending on your preference). I rated it a four rather than five because  of the overacting or underacting of the cast(depending on the character).  Still... This movie is a must have and worth watching over and over again.
B00000K19E|5.0|The Matrix is the best Sci Fi flick since Terminater 2. With the best  special effects and some good acting (Keanu Reeves actualy gives a good  performance) this has to be the film of 99.<br />The Plot isn't exactly an  original one. Machines have taken over the world and its up to a few people  to destroy them. The DVD is especially good showing you detailed clips of  how they made some of the action or special effects were made. If you have  seen this don't miss the sequel but don't expect it to be better.
B000002MG1|3.0|This is the first &quot;serious&quot; record that I bought. The fact that  I still take it out and listen to it on occasion says more than anything  that I could say below, so what follows is purely for ornamental  purposes.<br />For all of the airplay (and hence implied  listener-friendliness) that the songs herein initially received, I find  this record to be terribly sad. There's something distant and resigned  about the opening anthem Drive, Monty Got A Raw Deal's quaint wistfulness  still sets me on edge and Sweetness Follows documents the kind of  devastation that is the stuff of only my most sorrowful dreams. Even the  more upbeat numbers are tempered by almost equal parts loneliness and  cynicism.<br />I feel that I should say something more. Just describing a  record as &quot;sad&quot; isn't really the stuff of a sensible review, but  beyond this I don't really know how Automatic For The People makes me feel.  Perhaps I'm a little dead to it, having owned it for so long and heard  snatches of it in so many contexts. For me, however, the fact that it's an  R.E.M. record, places listening to it at regular intervals beyond  justification and is perhaps what keeps drawing me back.
B00000J7S8|4.0|This is the very first cd I have ordered here at amazon.com. I was very curious about Diana Krall. Really, nobody knows her here in Holland, maybe  only some die-hard Jazzfans. Anyway, I saw the front cover of the cd and  decided to take al look. I read the album description; Jazz, thats new for  me. I thought, lets order it!<br />I am listening at this moment to When I  Look In Your Eyes, and I feel very relaxed. That's the power of this  music/cd. Diana's lush vocals are a must and I am very happy that I decided  to order this cd. I like all the songs, but the hidden track is the best  song in my eyes.
0345409671|4.0|beautifully written,powerful.a must for any anne rice fan. reliogous people beware:it changes the christain reliogon.
B000001EG6|5.0|This self-titled album was Elton John's second and breakthrough release in  America.  Mr. John and Bernie Taupin had been collaborating for a few  years, but they really started to gel as a team on this release.  The album  has almost a baroque sound to it with alot of strings, harpsicords and airy  syntheseisers.  Of course everyone knows the megahit &quot;Your Song&quot;,  but the album contains others that would become Elton John classics.  &quot;Sixty Years On&quot; is a stirring lament about growing old,  &quot;The Greatest Discovery&quot; is a sweet ode to the birth of a  brother, while &quot;The King Must Die&quot; ends the album in dark epic  fashion. &quot;I Need You To Turn To&quot; &amp; &quot;First Episode At  Hienton&quot; carry on in the somber-like tone.  The album is dominated by,  but not regulated to  classical stylings.  &quot;No Shoestrings On  Louise&quot; has a country twang, &quot;The Cage&quot; is a funky rocker,  while both &quot;Take Me To The Pilot&quot; &amp; &quot;The Border  Song&quot; have gospel influences (Aretha Franklin had a big hit with  &quot;Border&quot;). While not as radio-friendly as future Elton John  releases, this album has an experimental feel and is worth repeat  listenings.
B0000041TD|5.0|Without a doubt the best recording of La Boheme ever done.  <br />The arias  &quot;Che Gelida Manina&quot; and &quot;O' Soave Fanciulla&quot; will send  chills down your spine.
B000002UVZ|5.0|On Lifes Rich Pageant, R.E.M. started to make the move from their  college-rock underground sound to a more commercially accessible one.  They  did this successfully without compromising any of their integrity.  The  songs still have that classic R.E.M. jangle-guitar sound, but they started  to experiment with other sounds (like the banjo on &quot;I Believe&quot;  &amp; accordian on &quot;Swan Song H&quot;) as well as becoming more  socially and political conscious with their lyrics. Also, most noticable  was that Michael Stipe's vocals were higher in the mix instead of being  muddy and buried as on previous releases.  &quot;Fall On Me&quot; best  typifies the changes as the song is about the effects of acid rain, but is  the most radio-friendly song they had made up to that point.  &quot;Flowers  Of Guatemala&quot;, &quot;Hyena&quot;, &quot;I Believe&quot; &amp;  &quot;Swan Song H&quot; are among the best R.E.M. has ever done.  The album  is like a classic novel with the songs being like its chapters. From the  opening chapter of &quot;Begin The Begin&quot; to the epilogue of  &quot;Superman&quot;,  R.E.M. takes us on a wondereous journey that makes  you want to keep going back and explore more carefully with each listen.
0792846303|5.0|I don't know why some say that &quot;The Fog&quot; has flaws, I think they're thinking to much, turn your brain off the next time you see this  movie and sit back and enjoy this Excellent! thriller just for fun sake, as  far as I'm concerned it delivers on the shivers you get from begining to  end, i'd Love! to see a sequel, but I guess it would ruin the quality of  this Lone Classic from the Late! 70's era, I do hope they'll release it on  DVD someday along with the teasers and trailers,etc... it would WEll! Be  Worth It! when you see it,again,let  &quot;The Fog&quot; enter your mind.
B000002KY8|5.0|1999 is the album that propelled Prince from a crtical darling to a best-selling artist.  The album contains all the familar Prince elements  from rock to funk to dance while exploring his favorite themes: sex and  religion.  The album was originally released as a double with most of the  songs clocking in somewhere between 6 &amp; 10 minutes.  Each is a musical  workout from the apocalyptic dance of the title cut to the ripping guitar  solo on &quot;Little Red Corvette&quot; to the sexed up funk of  &quot;D.S.M.R.&quot;  There are no bad songs contained here but some to pay  attention to include the hit &quot;Delirous&quot;, &quot;Something In the  Water&quot;, &quot;Free&quot; &amp; &quot;Let's Pretend We're Married&quot;  which I think is one Prince's all-time best songs.  The album has it all  from great songwriting to supreme musicianship and is a true classic.
B00000F1D3|4.0|I am not a very big POP artist lover but I think that Cher has came back  with power with a blend of dance and slow songs that will make anyone  listen to her. I recommend this CD for the car and even some tunes for  parties. Good Listening.
B000002GF8|5.0|The Police reached their creative and commercial summit with the release  of Synchronicity.  Buoyed by the success of the haunting number one single  &quot;Every Breath You Take&quot;, the album spent a staggering 17 weeks at  the top of the album charts.  Sting is one of rock's best songwriters and  he crafted an album that explores adult themes that usually don't equate  into hit singles.  Stuart Copeland's and Andy Summers' playing is superb  and together the band tackle subjects like obsession in &quot;Every Breath  you Take&quot;, subservience in &quot;Wrapped around Your Finger&quot; and  the monotany of every day life in &quot;Synchronicity II&quot;.  &quot;Tea  In The Sahara&quot; is great song as is &quot;King Of Pain&quot; and  basically the rest of the album. Unfortunately this would be the band's  swan song as after Synchronicity and its supporting tour, they broke up.  They have briefly reunited a few times, but to date have not released  another full studio album together.
B000000OQF|1.0|TO COMPARE THEM WITH LED ZEPPELIN IS A JOKE OF BAD TASTE.<br />THEIR PLAYING  IS POOR, THE LYRICS ARE AWFUL AND AXL'S VOICE REMINDS ME OF AN AGONISING  SEAGULL.<br />PEOPLE WHO WERE TEENAGERS AT THAT TIME TEND TO LET THE HEART  SPEAK WHEN TALKING ABOUT THIS SHALLOW MINDED GLAM BAND. THEY WERE JUST  LUCKY TO BE ON THE RIGHT PLACE AT THE RIGHT TIME (THE BORING END OF THE  80'S AND BEGINNING OF 90'S).<br />RED HOT CHILLI PEPPERS WERE THERE TOO, BUT  AT LEAST THEY CAN REALLY PLAY.
0449227545|1.0|I believe I have read most of Follett's books.  Pillars of the Earth, as I have read here, is also one of my all time favorite books.  But Hammer of  Eden, while it has an almost believable plot, and he gets you to almost  like the hippies, is just too full of the f-word.  Perhaps he is trying,  like so many other contemporary authors, to attract the younger crowd. But  for this woman 'of a certain age' it will be the last Follett I will  purchase.
B00004T9UF|3.0|After listening to the Slim Shady LP and some of Eminem's underground stuff, i was looking foward to getting this album. However, i was kind of  dissapointed after listening to this album. Eminem is a talented rapper,  but it gets kind of boring hearing him make fun of celebritys and gays. The  best track on this album is Stan, which is one of his best songs. It has a  important message, and he didn't need to make fun of anybody to get his  point across. I am a Eminem fan, but this album isn't really that great.
B00000IAU3|5.0|I first bought the album because I couldn't get the song, &quot;Here with  me&quot; out of my head after I saw Dido on TV.  I put it on and found that  that song wasn't the only great one.  She is a great songwriter and her  melodies are so memorable and angelic that this album has become one of my  favorites.  I listen to it all the time and love to drive long distances  with her songs in my head.  A definite MUST BUY!!
B000000HHE|5.0|Truly a rap/hip hop masterpiece and a stylistic breakthrough at the time.   Funny, funky, clever, catchy, it's accessible without being pandering,  cutting edge but not confrontational.  'Suburban rap' some called it, and  why not?  Why not sample Steely Dan as well as Parliament/Funkadelic? This  album was practicaly on a continuous tape loop on my stereo when it came  out and represented a new path for rap which has remained largely  unfollowed.  Some call it the Sgt. Pepper's of rap, and I can see why, but  I think it will age better.  As far as I'm concerned, it already has.  MUCH  better.
B00000AFGM|5.0|This is another stage in the dramatic evolutionary process of Marilyn Manson, and a rewarding one at that. Who knew that the guy was so  versatile? &quot;Superstar&quot; hinted at it, but this album has  everything from from acoustic guitar ballads to slow swing to  the  familiarly hard-rocking hit &quot;rock is dead.&quot; The tone ranges from   self-deprecatingly ironic to cleverly mocking to wistful and despairing.  The lyrics have improved; the band's namesake has a talent for wordplay and  satire, and he flaunts it well.  Mechanical Animmals also manages to  maintain continuity both internally and with other albums; for instance, it  hasn't lost the computerized voices and the background choruses. The little  chorus in &quot;the speed of pain&quot; is vaguely reminiscent of the one  in &quot;cryptorchid&quot; on the superstar album: &quot;.. the angel has  spread its wings, the time has come for bitter things..&quot;   One thing  that I really like is the ironic &quot;gospel&quot; section at the end of  &quot;i don't like the drugs...&quot;. The title of the song is transformed  into an anthem for the mechanical, hopeless people that populate the world  of the songs. In this effort, Manson makes himself and his  &quot;message&quot; more accessible and in the process accomplishes  something great musically.
B00004U45G|4.0|I once read an insightful review of Zeppelin where the reviewer noted that  what seperated them from all the &quot;heavy metal&quot; pretenders was the  solid bottom created by J.P. Jones and Bonzo Bonham. Here the Black Crowes  have paid careful attention to this aspect in backing Jimmy with a  thunderous bass and drums attack which rekindle, to me at least, the  excitement of a Zep live show in their heyday. Jimmy seems to play with a  gleeful abandon freed up by expert backing in the secondary guitar parts. I  was left wishing for more and Custard Pie still knocks me flat on my  keister 20+ years after the fact.
B000003BEV|4.0|Often derided by some critics and Stones  fans as a second rate SGT PEPPER,to me THEIR SATANIC MAJESTIES REQUEST is a bold experiment to prove  to the record buying public that the Rolling Stones could master all types  of rock that was placed before them.They were already kings of blues  rock,and had mastered  jaunty pop and balladry;the time had come to accept  a new challenge.Besides Mick and Keith,like most band of the time,were  caught up in the headiness of the age of aquarius.the time was right for a  psychedelic masterpiece.Unfortunately their drug arrests and haphazard  studio use did not let them reach as high as they wanted.Still,it it has  aged better than most British psychedelic releases because of two  factors:1)the multi- instrumental playing brilliance of Brian Jones,and  2)the Rolling Stones mixed what they were good at with this new sound.Pop  savy and blues guitar riffs can be still heard among the flower power  trappings.2000 LIGHT YEARS FROM HOME is an scary interstellar trip to  somewhere out there;2000 MAN (later covered by Kiss) predicts some thing  that are happening now.ON WITH THE SHOW is a sly peak into a fashionable  London club.SHE'S A RAINBOW proves that a love for a woman can be shown in  colourful imagery.IN ANOTHER LAND (written and sung by Bill Wyman)is pulled  of with surprising flair(Bill must be very quick studier).SING THIS ALL  TOGETHER is another in a long tradion of British singalongs (although the  second part of this song SING THIS ALL TOGETHER{SEE WHAT HAPPENS}is a bit  sloppy and tedious).Although Mick and Keith have both disowned THEIR  SATANIC MAJESTIES REQUEST,I think of it as a clear snapshot of 1967 and a  step up from BETWEEN THE BUTTONS.Love the cover,too!
0375703764|2.0|As hyped up as this book was, I expected a lot more. It's more like a gimmick, with direct rip off's of E.E. Cummings writting style, the  arbitrary overkill with the foot notes (cringe), and the desparately  annoying style in which two stories are supposed to be fused  to&gt;&lt;gether.  Danielewski(nice pseudonym by the  way), manages to create inafectual characters, one after the other, that I  found my self wishing would get killed. And the way the story sweeps  between the idiot Johnny Truant (another ridiculous name) who has to  comment on evey piece of the other story, the Navidson Record. And just to  make this book even more pretentious still, it is told by a third party in  the form of a critical analysis that goes off on tangents so frequently, I  couldn't help but stop caring. For instance, in one deluge, danielewski  writes a three page synopsis on the origins, and dual meaning of the word  echo (begins to pull own hair out).  I found have that when I  intentionally skip ahead whole pages just to avoid annoying and superfluous  writing, that I am not, in fact, really enjoying the book. I bought House  of Leaves on a recommendation from someone I found intelligent, and I do  not share her opinion. Maybe I just don't get it. I'm just a big dummy. But  it still doesn't change my mind that this novel is rubbish. One of the  first pages in the book says &quot;this is not for you&quot;, but I think  it's just Danielewski trying desperately to be clever.
0767903854|2.0|As for a book on Austrailia, it was good and information. The jokes were aimed for older readers and often perverted. These lame jokes could have  easily been left out or replaced with better ones.
B00004TH7Z|4.0|Most groups change their styles after years of recording like Metallica  and Megadeth going from awesome metal to Matchbox 20 in one album. But Iron  Maiden has proved that they can still rock. The best songs are tracks 1,2,5  and 7. The guitar is great, the vocals still are original and they have not  changed their metal style one bit. They are the band of the 21st Century!  You cant go wrong with Iron Maiden.
B00002E233|1.0|The single star rating is for the DVD version which was filled with compression glitches and artifacts. The worst I've seen. Special features  of the DVD include two &quot;making of&quot; mini-docs. The first is a  ridiculous puff piece but the second, &quot;Sharks of the Deep Blue  Sea&quot; focuses specifically on the shark effects - animatronic, CG and  actual live sharks - and is somewhat interesting. Director Renny Harlin  challenges the viewer to distinguish between them. Sorry, Renny, it's too  easy - the animatronic sharks, while amazing, fall short of reality and the  CG sharks are just embarrassing.<br />Also included on the DVD are 5 deleted  scenes with commentary by the director. The scenes themselves are  uninteresting but the commentary is a fascinating brief study in how to  make a Bad Movie - &quot;this was just character development, so we cut  it&quot; - &quot;more character development, but we had to get to the meat  of the story&quot; (what story?) - &quot;this scene made the lead (Saffron  Burrows) to sympathetic&quot;. He also tells us his grand vision for the  film - &quot;it's time to see the shark.&quot; So, yeah, we get to see it  (or them). A lot. Whereas much of the suspense of a movie like Jaws or  Alien was that you only got tantalzing glimpses until the climax. Harlin  gives us everything he's got in the first five minutes and has nowhere to  go from there. Admittedly he's a professional director who the studios rely  on to deliver just this sort of product. On the other hand he's the same  man who gave us Cutthroat Island.<br />As for the movie itself - it's a Bad  Movie. If you like Bad Movies, give it 4 stars - it moves along at a good  clip, has a few genuine surprises and one nice twist at the end regarding  the shark's intelligent behavior. If you don't like Bad Movies, give it 1  star - it's classicaly Bad, with cardboard characters, huge plot holes and  unmotivated physical action. Other reviewers have already mentioned the  wildly varying speed of the sharks, inconsistency of bite damage and so  on.<br />Do yourself a favor. Watch Jaws instead. 25 years old and it still  holds up.
B000002LIX|5.0|I would normally count this as my first favorite, but then I remembered about how much I love Sailing the Seas of Cheese by Primus and well, that  kind of beats this. Anyway, getting on with the review, this is definitely  the best record by Jane's Addiction. The critics mainly say Nothing's  Shocking, but I think that's rather odd considering this one really  demonstrates what Jane's Addiction was trying to sound like. I absolutely  agree with the reviewer who announced that this was amongst Pet Sounds and  Sgt. Pepper's..., because this was one of the first albums made that really  mixed the genres of funk, punk, and arty metal (Led Zeppelin-esque) into  one. Sure, Red Hot Chili Peppers and Faith No More were there too, but it  wasn't till Been Caught Stealing hit the mainstream that people decided to  notice what was happening. And then you may argue that Epic by Faith No  More was on the radio in 1989, but I heard many people call that song weird  and something no one was doing (don't get me wrong, I love it). Something  everyone should own. Suggested tracks: Been Caught Stealing, Three Days,  Ain't No Right, and Stop. Suggested bands: Red Hot Chili Peppers, Faith No  More, El Stew. Suggested albums: Jane's Addiction's Kettle Whistle, Red Hot  Chili Peppers' Mother's Milk, Porno For Pyros' Prono For Pyros.
630242335X|4.0|I loved this movie. It's ST duh. Well anyway, this was the final mission  of the Enterprise-A and I got to say that I was impressed. Peace between  the Klingons and Federation. Who would of thunk?<br />Sulu has his own  command. Shakspeare was Klingon? And somebody doesn't want peace. Who would  of thunk? Yes that's right. Somebody has gone and murdered the Klingon  Ambassador and Kirk is framed. After that the crew has to go and try to  find the real killer. You'd be surprized at who it really is... or maybe  not, but it is still a fun movie to watch.<br />I give this movie *downs four  bottles of Romulan Ale* four stars because the conversing at the table  about shakespeare was really dull and the prison part was kind of dull.
B000002IXS|5.0|This is Piaf's style, but with enormous power. Where Piaf makes you feel  she is vulnerable, Mathieu makes you feel that she could take you two falls  out of three and you'd *really* enjoy it. And yet, she still has Piaf's  sensitivity. I suspect only a French singer could pull this off.
6300214400|5.0|This is the best Trek movie ever. Yes, it's better then TWOK. It has suspence. It has action. It doesn't have Kirstie Alley! (Which I'm pissed  off at. I rather liked her.)<br />Well, in this movie, Spock is brought back  to life by the Genesis Planet as it destroys itself and is rescued by  Saavik (Not Kirstie Alley) by whom he mates with during the Pon Farr. All  this happening while they diffend themselves against a bunch of Klingons  with Kirk's son, who dies. Spock is then transported back to Planet Vulcan  in a stolen Klingon vessel (You'll have to find out why when you watch the  movie.) to be reunited with his katra with whom he placed in Bones in the  previous movie. Got all that? If you didn't, watch the movie.<br />I give TSFS  *Goes through five Pon Farrs* FIVE STARS!
B00004TH6O|5.0|Before picking up this CD I really had no idea who these guys were.  The only reason I knew the name was from seeing it under &quot;People that  purchased this title also bought. . .&quot; while surfing through Amazon.   I found it on a listening station under staff picks in a record store one  day and gave it a listen.  It blew me away.  This is not a band that is  afraid to experiment and use creativity in their music.   &quot;Autopilot&quot; sounds like a song straight out of the 60s or 70s, I  just wish I could think of the song that it reminds me of.  &quot;The Lost  Art of Keeping a Secret&quot; is my favorite track on the album, which may  have been released as a single, I did hear it on the radio one time.  I  also really like &quot;Better Living Through Chemistry.&quot;  Everythink  on this album is great.  The differing beats keep you in the songs, and  interested in them, even in the eight minute plus &quot;I Think I Lost My  Headache.&quot;  The best thing about this album is the variety of musical  styles and intruments, everything from bari sax to steel drums.  After this  welcome surprise of an alumb I will likely be looking into their first  studio album, as well as EPs and Kyuss's four studio albums.  There is no  other group to compare these guys to.  They have a refreshing originality  not often found anymore.
B00001MXWX|5.0|This was an excellent movie. As are all ST movies, but this one was one of  the best.<br />It has to do with an alien race called the Ba'Ku. The Ba'Ku  live on a planet in a special nebula called the Briar Patch. The planet's  rings emmit a youth-intensifiing energy that keep the Ba'Ku youthful. Of  course there are people who want that but it requires that the Ba'Ku leave  the planet. They don't want to. So a misguided ageing Starfleet Admiral and  a race called the So'na try to get them to leave. It doesn't work and the  Admiral gets murdered when he finds out the So'na's real intentions. The  Enterprise is all in the middle of it.<br />I don't know why you people hate  it so much. I give this movie *Ages five years younger* FIVE STARS!!!
0671034065|5.0|Over dinner, at the end of a horrible day, Jaine Bright and her three friends: Marci, Luna, and T.J., decide to write a list designed to  delineate what would make the perfect man. This list becomes the byproduct  of pent-up frustrations and disappointment when it comes to the men who  have been, and are, in their lives. It begins innocently enough in terms of  the quality of the characteristics desired but as the ladies' enthusiasm  grows so does the risque tone of the list and the conversation it  perpetuates. Soon, the list spirals out of their control and becomes fodder  for the media and subject to public scrutiny. For one colleague, it also  hits a little too close to home and perpetuates old feelings of bitterness  and inadequacy. Soon the four women find themselves the targets of a person  who believes they \\"don't deserve to live.\\"<br />Mr. Perfect is a story that is  intermittently both humorous and edgy. The suspense is razor-sharp and so  is the witty dialogue that is exchanged between Jaine and her neighbor  turned lover, Detective Sam Donovan. Jaine herself is a gutsy, take-action  heroine who keeps Sam on his toes as she struggles to keep friends and  family safe from the killer. <br />Linda Howard has written a terrific  romantic suspense story with an all too surprising ending. Even if you  think you know the identity of the killer, the author surprises you  somewhat with the motive which lies behind the killer's reasoning. Both Sam  and Jaine are engaging characters that drive the story to a great end. Pick  up this book and be engrossed by the friendship shared by these four ladies  who experienced some of their greatest moments and paid a heavy price for a  list that rang a little too true for everybody.
630021463X|5.0|This movie ranks up there as one of my favorite movies of all time. Not  only is it suspenceful but it is also hillarious. I have to agree that this  is the only light-hearted ST film out there. All the other ones are  depressing.<br />In this installment, Kirk and crew need to save Earth by  going back in time in a stolen Klingon ship to get two Humpback Whales  which are the only things capable of communicating with a probe that has  begun to tear apart Earth. Pretty cool story huh?<br />There are a lot of  funny moments in the film, like when Chekov and Uhura visit the USS  Enterprise (US Navy) and when McCoy visits a hospital. Those are just a few  but you get the idea. I think the bus scene is the funniest though.<br />Buy  this movie. I give it *Goes to warp 5.* FIVE SMASHING STARS!
B0000028RR|5.0|Rages self-titled debut is one of the most signifigant metal albums at  the 90s beacause of its crossover potential. Metal bands like Faith No  More had rap elements in their music but this album is the final mixture of  rap and heavy metal. But that is not the only reason why this album is  bloody great. Tom Morellos unique guitar-playing and Zack De La Rochas  angry punk-influenced rapping is the thing that makes Rage sound so  fantastic. Bands sense of dynamics is also amazing, thanks to Brad Wilk  and Timmy C. This record swings and rocks and sometimes blows up to my face  letting me wanting to hear and see this band live.
6300213803|5.0|This is one of the best movies in the ST series. Search For Spock was better though. I just like that one. If you like action with great drama,  this ones for you.<br />Maltoban does a wonderful job reprising his role as  the evil superhuman in this, the second installment of the Trek series. It   begins with Chekov finding Kahn by accident and being forced by Kahn to let  control of his ship, the Reliant, over to Kahn. Kahn then steals the  Genesis device. (A wonderful terraforming device.) Which Kahn takes as a  massive weapon. Kirk and Kahn then showdown for the rest of the movie.  Excellent movie.<br />I give TWOK *Types 'FIVE'* FIVE STARS!
B000021XS0|5.0|I am going to make this short and sweet. This is the greatest cd I have  ever heard. I am not going to go into specifics because this is something  that has to be heard to be believed. I thought Dream Theater could never  top 94's &quot;Awake&quot;, but this blows it away. The addition of new  keyboard player Jordan Rudess has just made this band better. Guitarist  John Petrucci proves again why he is the best guitar player to come on the  scene in over 20 years. Vocalist James Labrie is in prime form as well,  singing with incredible emotion and bass player John Myung is nutty with  his 6-string bass as usual. Mike Portnoy keeps incher closer to Neal Peart  of Rush as best all-time rock drummer. In closing, if you do not own this  cd, buy it immediately!
6300216802|5.0|I love this movie. As I do all the ST movies. This one is basically about  a entity called V'GER which is destroying everything in it's path looking  for it's creator. Great movie. I love the 40 minute secuence of the  Enterprise exploring V'GER and the 3 or so minutes of the shots of the ship  in drydock. This movie is a must see, but I don't recommend it to people  with a simple mind though. (They'll get bored. There is no action  whatsoever.)  The only bad part was the uniforms, which they improved a lot  in ST: II. I give ST: TMP *Stand five minutes in awe at V'GER* FIVE  WONDERFUL STARS!!!
6305609691|5.0|This is the kind of film that DVD was made for.  Beautiful, breathtaking and brilliant, \\"Apocalypse Now\\" shattered any doubts we had about the  insanity of Vietnam and continues to do so until this very day.  Quite  simply, one of the greatest war films of all time, comparable to \\"Platoon\\"  and \\"Saving Private Ryan\\".<br />This modern day take of Joseph Conrad's  brilliant book \\"Heart of Darkness\\" shows us Francis Ford Coppola's vision  of hell.  A time and place in the world where insanity seems unable to be  measured and where scenes of violence and mayhem play like pieces of  classical music they seem so beautiful.  Where one man, who attacks a  particular town for great surfing, is considered sane, while another, who  kills a few people, is deemed insane.  And by who? The army.  Why?  Because  one's insanity helps the army, while the others doesn't.  The film is  terrifying, exciting, satiric and thought provoking all at once.  It takes  all sorts of elements of war (insanity, violence), plus absolutely  beautiful imagery and throws it all into a pot until it seems so overloaded  it will explode.  Only one part of the film fails to deliver and that is  the slow, murky part where Willard listens to Kurtz in his compound but the  rest of the film more than makes up for it.<br />The story is about a Captain  Willard (Sheen) who is sent up a river in Vietnam to kill a Kernel Kurtz  who has gone insane and is controlling his own, unauthorized city in  Cambodia.  The film centers on Willard and his thoughts and views on the  whole mission.  He is in a boat with four other men, although most of them  are just kids.  Along their journey they go through many situations  including a helicopter assault on a town, a battle which seems to be in the  middle of no where (\\"Get the Roach!\\") and various assaults on their boat.  When they finally reach Kurtz's compound Willard is forced to decide  whether or not to kill the man he has grown to respect along the  journey.<br />The acting in this movie is among the best ever, with Robert  Duvall as Killgore being the best in the movie.  His character perfectly  sums up the whole war.  He is obviously insane but the insanity is useful  to the army.  In the greatest scene in the movie he attacks a Vietnamese  village with helicopters and the main reason: the beach there has six-foot  high peaks that go both ways; perfect for surfing.  He blares Wagner from  the choppers as they attack and makes men surf in the midst of a battle  with explosions all around them.  And in the most famous line in the film  (and perhaps ever) he sums u the whole war in one line of insanity: \\"I love  the smell of napalm in the mourning.\\" And proceeds to say that \\"Someday  this war is gonna end,\\" with almost a glint of remorse in his eye.  This  performance along with Sheen's as Willard, are quite simply some of the  greatest ever.<br />The directing is stunning.  The scenes as they go up the  river are so creepily beautiful that you find yourself gasping in amazement  and waiting in anticipation for what the river is going to reveal next.  Battles are shown as some sort of apocalyptic work of art, full of beauty  and violence.  One of Francis's best, along with \\"The Godfather\\" 1 and 2  and \\"The Conversation\\".<br />The film has never looked so good as on DVD.  All  of the images are vibrant with colour and clarity.  This is how the film  was meant to be seen.<br />Thanxs...acting in this movie is among the best ever, with Robert  Duvall as Killgore being the best in the movie.  His character perfectly  sums up the whole war.  He is obviously insane but the insanity is useful  to the army.  In the greatest scene in the movie he attacks a Vietnamese  village with helicopters and the main reason: the beach there has six-foot  high peaks that go both ways; perfect for surfing.  He blares Wagner from  the choppers as they attack and makes men surf in the midst of a battle  with explosions all around them.  And in the most famous line in the film  (and perhaps ever) he sums u the whole war in one line of insanity: \\"I love  the smell of napalm in the mourning.\\" And proceeds to say that \\"Someday  this war is gonna end,\\" with almost a glint of remorse in his eye.  This  performance along with Sheen's as Willard, are quite simply some of the  greatest ever.<br />The directing is stunning.  The scenes as they go up the  river are so creepily beautiful that you find yourself gasping in amazement  and waiting in anticipation for what the river is going to reveal next.   Battles are shown as some sort of apocalyptic work of art, full of beauty  and violence.  One of Francis's best, along with \\"The Godfather\\" 1 and 2  and \\"The Conversation\\".<br />The film has never looked so good as on DVD.  All  of the images are vibrant with colour and clarity.  This is how the film  was meant to be seen.<br />Thanxs...
B00000G3PL|1.0|I almost bought this but have discovered the hard way that you should  ALWAYS research the DVD especially for uncut versions and missing footage.  This box set contains the old cut versions and NOT the directors cut DTS  versions. LW 1-3 are out on DTS and LW 4 is only available in DD 5.1 and  actually contains the missing footage for the previous 3 movies !!!
0064400557|5.0|I don't know what exactly inspired me to read my long forgotten childhood favorite again at the age of 29, but on some level I must have known it was  just the elixir I needed.  I found myself euphorically highlighting  passages and weeping deeply at the poetic beauty of the truths in this  magical book.  &quot;Yes, yes,&quot; I heard myself saying, &quot;that's  exactly how it is!&quot;  So inspired was I that I wrote my own little book  of poetry based on several themes in the book.  What therapy!<br />Filled with  wonderful lessons on life and a fragile yet potent sense of hope,  Charlotte's Web is one of the real literary gifts of the last century.   Hopefully, every child will have their chance to read this treasure.  And I  strongly encourage every adult who has ever heard the song of the crickets  telling them that summertime cannot last forever to read it again.
B00000IAU3|4.0|I am listening to this album for the first time and I gotta say it's  pretty damn good!!!!
B00003003R|5.0|This album is an essential not only for Guns n Roses fans but to all the  people who love rock and glam metal.The first cd starts with four of their  most powerful tracks(Nightrain,Mr.Brownstone,It`s so Easy,Welcome to the  Jungle)and then gets softer`n sweeter and ends up with a piano solo  followes by November Rain.The second cd starts with the power of Out ta Get  Me,then gets softer,but then explodes in the greatness of 4 of their best  songs(Move to the City,You could be Mine,Rocket Queen,Sweet Child of  Mine)where Slash takes the hell out of his guitar.Then they play 3 very  popular tracks(Knockin on the Heaven`s Door,Don`t cry,Estranged)and finish  in a great way with Paradise City.Buy this album!There is nothing better  than this!!!!
B000002AH9|5.0|This is one of the finest albums I own.  I usually listen to rap, but I  always keep this one in my collection.  People who browse through my CDs  are surprised to see it there.  She may not have the same voice we think  about when we hear Billie Holiday, but in it you can hear the raw emotion  she has to use in order to pull the songs together.  Through the tracks  filled with themes of unrequited love and failed relationships, I can't  help but fall in love with this woman who had passed away over twenty years  before I was born.  If I could only keep one album, I would come to the  conclusion this is the one worth keeping.
B00003ZA0T|5.0|SLIPKNOT IS NUTHING LIKE KORN OR LIMP BIZKIT!!!!!!!!! SLIPKNOT MAKES KORN  AND LIMPBIZKIT LOOK LIKE LITTLE GIRLS!!!!!!! oh ya the cd kiks ass
B00004SVID|5.0|I have of course read many reviews here at Amazon regarding the Floyd's latest release and they really make me wonder at times.  Most of the fans  here agree that this release is totally stellar but there are a few who  have some sort of complaint whether it be that the Wall isn't the Floyd's  best or that it sounds too much like the studio version just to name a  couple.  Well I give it five stars because it is stellar in every aspect  and it deserves the five stars.  One of the previous reviewers below me  pointed out that the Wall was the end of the so called glory days for Pink  Floyd.  I couldn't agree more with him except to say that the Wall is very  good.  The Wall is not as good as Dark Side, Wish You Were Here or the  Animals.  That is not to say that the Wall is not completely awesome in  it's own right.  This recording is very special for a number of reasons.   The first being the fact that it is live.  There are not too many live  recordings of the Floyd captured from the soundboard to be found and this  one lives up to my greatest expectations as far as sound quality goes.  The  second reason this disc is special is because it is the only place you will  find Roger Waters and David Gilmour sharing the vocals so perfectly like  they do on these discs.  Run Like Hell is a perfect example of what I am  talking about and is definetly one of the highlights of the 2 disc set.   Another great thing about the set is getting to hear Roger interact with  the fans.  He is having a great time and it shows.  We are very lucky to  have these recordings available and I for one am very happy to own it.  I  cherish it right up there with any of the Floyd discs.  I own many live  recordings of Pink Floyd and none of them compare to this recording in the  least(I am of course only speaking of recordings while Roger was in the  band).  We also get two songs that were not on the studio discs.  Neither  of the two new songs are earth shattering or aything but they will be new  to most people.  I really have a hard time understanding a person giving  this set anything less than 4 stars.  I believe that if a person gives less  than 4 stars then they either haven't even listened to the discs or they  are not being honest about the set.  I highly recommend it unless you quite  simply dislike the Wall studio set.  The set does not sound exaclty like  the studio version either.  It is more powerful and on certain songs the  lyrics are much more easily understood.  Granted,  the Wall may not be for  everyone nor is it as grand as WYWH or the Animals but it is nearly  impossible for anything not to be left in the shadows when compared with  those albums.  Pick this up and enjoy it for what it is.  God bless and  goodnight.........
B000000W9Z|5.0|I play Outside over and over again and never seem to get tired of it.   There is something more here than just good songs.  The weird lyrics and  poetry-like segues hint at a larger story.  Sorta like Pink Floyd's  &quot;the Wall&quot;, I feel like I'm listening to the soundtrack of some  strange, surreal movie.  I turn off shuffle so I can hear the tracks in the  right order.  Bowie tries to create drama on a grand scale, and doesn't  worry about keeping it real (or boring).  He's kept his style updated so  that it sounds modern, but it is still uniquely him.  You hear a lot of  great synthesizer and electronic effects combined well with real  instruments.  It's all very polished and sounds like everything was put  exactly where it was meant to go.  Even when I hear notes that don't  harmonize, it sounds intentionally put that way to get a chaotic effect.
B00003CXHJ|1.0|It seems the war genre, despite providing some of the better films of cinematic history, has become one of the quickest to become cliched. The  major problem that deterred the enjoyment of U-571 was how disappointingly  ordinary some of the charecters in it were. They all seemed to be  stereotyped relics from other war movies, which, given the talent at hand  here, I found to be rather unaccetpable. Although in fairness, I don't  think this film cared much for its second world war setting, it just seemed  to be set against the backdrop of this, and used it as an excuse to create  a not awfully thrilling action film. None of the performers seemed to be  dishing out the Saving-Private-Ryanesque oscar hammieness such a film would  have definitely required. On the thriller front, I've never really found a  team of men racing around an underwater boat, shouting a load of  mathematical terminology ,e.g., in this case metres, yards and so forth  very thrilling, yet this film seems to rally around this rather than  explore the interesting concept behind the story as much as it could have.  None of the performances, ranging from Matthew McConaughey to Bill Paxton  to Harvey Keitel, were genuinely emoting, because, perhaps thanks largely  to the script, they were either too in-your-face, or too cliched. It's a  shame because I was really hoping to enjoy this movie. 1/5 star.
B000002B30|5.0|'Best of' collections are always a bit dicey for old fans of an artist.  After all, we already own all the albums these hits are culled from. And in  the case of Springsteen, many of his best songs never had any radio play to  speak of (e.g., 'Jungleland'). What's more, by starting off with Born to  Run this album misses some great songs from his first albums (e.g.,  'Growing Up')<br />Yet I have to disagree with Madam Marie (review written  11/10/99) who questions why an existing fan would buy this CD. The reason  is simple: sometimes it's fun to hear songs from throughout Springsteen's  career in one sitting. It's a reminder of how his music has changed over  time, of how his themes have evolved and of why he's in the Rock and Roll  Hall of Fame. And, as all these songs are familiar, it's a great CD for  listening to during an hour's drive or working in the office on a Saturday  or while working out. True, it lacks the depth and cohesiveness of one of  his albums. And while these aren't ALL his greatest hits, they are some of  them. <br />So, for those new to Springsteen it's a fine introduction. For  those already fans, it's a nice, easy-to-take package worth having.
B000002LFU|5.0|&quot;Green&quot; contains some of R.E.M.'s most upbeat songs. The Album  is just really good fun. No Matter what mood I am in atleast  &quot;Stand&quot; makes me smile. One of my favorite R.E.M. songs &quot;You  Are The Everything&quot; is on this album. My favorite R.E.M. songtitle  &quot;Orange Crush&quot; is on this album. This album shows a mature R.E.M.  who could only grow, not regress. I think anyone with taste and an open  mind would like this one.
B00003CWTH|3.0|&quot;HUH?&quot; That was the reaction of many to this odd yet intregueing film. Mr. Anderson did a superb job in the first half. As he reached the  end of the film, he just got lazy.<br />   In the begining we are witnessed to  a 'coincidental' attempted suicide turned homicide. And there is an  anonymous narrater explaining jiberish about hangings and execution. This  introduction to film had some meaning to the theme of the film (chance and  coincidence). However the film could have done without it, because it could  have mislead some people. Many of us thought the end of the movie would  have explained the answer to question the begining gave. Unfortunately the  film had nothing to do with the event which occured in the begining.<br />    After the intro we are introduced to the main characters through a series  of different stories. These stories dont seem to be interlaced at all. Let  me give your the jist of the different stories: A handful of people in the  San Fernando Valley are having one hell of a day. TV mogul Earl Partridge  (Jason Robards) is on his deathbed; his trophy wife (Julianne Moore) is  popping pills with alarming frequency. Earl's nurse (Philip Seymour  Hoffman) is trying desperately to get in touch with Earl's only son, sex  guru Frank T.J. Mackey (Tom Cruise), who's about to have his carefully  constructed past blown by a TV reporter (April Grace). Whiz kid Stanley  (Jeremy Blackman) is being goaded by his selfish dad into breaking the  record for the game show What Do Kids Know? Meanwhile, Stanley's  predecessor, the grown-up quiz kid Donnie Smith (William H. Macy) has lost  his job and is nursing a severe case of unrequited love. And the host of  What Do Kids Know?, the affable Jimmy Gator (Philip Baker Hall), like Earl,  is dying of cancer, and his attempt to reconcile with his cokehead daughter  (Melora Walters) fails miserably. She, meanwhile, is running hot and cold  with a cop (John C. Reilly) who would love to date her, if she cansit  still for long enough. And over it all, a foreboding sky threatens to pour  something more than just rain.<br />   Now, we at the begining believe these  stories have now way of being connected in any way. However the the  excelent juggling of sub-plots, by Mr. Anderson, lead us closer and closer  to a point in which all these ideas become completely intertwind. The  tension in each story continues to built. And just as there is one final  piece to be added to the puzzle, Mr. Anderson 'knocks over the table'. With  possibly the dumbest ending in movie history. This movie had nothing left  to be desired.<br />   There is a scene towards the end in which each member  of the cast takes a break from reality and sings along to a crapy song. It  was at this point in which the movie begun its downward spiral. There was  nothing that tarnished the movie quite like this dreadful scene. A withered  old man on his death bed was singing along........need i say more.<br />   The  other major downfall to the movie was the developement of the  characters...or should i say lack there of. The characters basically remain  the same as they were in the begining. And we only got a small glimpse of  the characters past life. No character went through a revelation during the  film. The only that came close was Cruise's character. When he visited his,  soon-to-be-late, father. Frank brokedown in the presence of his,  hypocritical, father. However we do not discover whether he goes back to  the life of sex, or whether he decides to settle down. It is these little  things that make this movie a question mark.<br />   The acting, however, was  an upside to the film. This was probably Cruise's best performance yet,  hence the nomination. Each and every actor played there roll to perfection.  If only the directing had been a bit better, this film could have been in a  class with American Beauty and Titanic.<br />   In conlusion Magnolia was an  average movie, with a great begining with a disasterous ending. The Movie  really had no ending<br />P.S.: COULD SOMEONE PLEASE EXPLAIN TO ME, WHAT THE  HELL IS UP WITH THE FROG SCENE!
0671578855|5.0|This is just a short rebuttal to Gerald Ludwig's review to offer a different point of view.  There are some spoilers, so don't read the last  paragraph unless you want to know the ending.<br />Sure, I like the adventure  and the comedy and the formidable girlfriends Miles had in the earlier  books, but what I enjoy most is how clever he is ... often too clever for  his own good when it is coupled with his manic behavior.  But I also like  seeing him grow up, accept responsibility, and apply his, er, ingenuity, to  different kinds of problems.  This seems entirely appropriate given his age  and medical status.<br />There were times in the earlier books where I wanted  to slap him out of his adolescent self-centeredness, but I knew that his  actions and maturity were representative of his age at that time.  In  &quot;A Civil Campaign&quot; he finally grows up, and it's fun to  watch.<br />I also find the criticism of Ekaterin to be missing the point. She  is more than just a gardner ... she's brilliant and creative in her own  right.  She exhibited bravery and determination in &quot;Komarr&quot; ...  even if she doesn't have weapons training.  In &quot;A Civil Campaign&quot;  she offers solutions that Miles didn't even think of.<br />I've enjoyed all of  Bujold's books in the Vorkosigan universe (usually reading them in a day or  two) and I think longtime fans will not be disappointed, unless they can  only appreciate the adolescent Miles and need to see things blowing up  literally (as opposed to figuratively ... Miles still creates the crash and  burn scenario par excellence, but not in any military action.)  I think of  this book as a gift to the fans, since we finally get to see Miles keep a  girlfriend (so far).  You  have to be happy for the little guy!
B000001F3C|5.0|There's a real energy and vibe to this album that transcends most of what passed for rock and roll in the 80's.  U2 has always had it all: a  contientous, pro-peace lead singer who just happens to have a voice that  would shine in any world-renowned choir, searing and creative guitars by  The Edge, tight drumming by ace Larry Mullen Jr. and, best of all, A+ rated  songs worth shouting about forever.<br />It's very anti-war and keyed up from  the beginning on such classic well-knowns as &quot;Sunday Bloody  Sunday&quot; and &quot;New Year's Day,&quot; two songs that really broke  the way and established this up-and-coming band in the early 80's,  eventually putting them in the major leagues of rock and roll.  But it's  not all energetic anthems by a long shot on &quot;War.&quot;  For instance,  &quot;Seconds&quot; is a pretty sparse and simple song, yet it's packed  with undeniable melodicism and campfire sing-a-long type lyrics.  From the  sounds of even the first three songs, you can tell &quot;War&quot; is a  very special album, everyone definitely clicking on all cylinders.  If it's  your first time hearing it, don't worry,  it's like candy for the ears.<br />&quot;War&quot; features one outstanding tune after another: the highly  melodious &quot;Like a Song,&quot; the beautiful and touching  &quot;Drowning Man,&quot; the beat-heavy and jungle-esque  &quot;Refugee,&quot; and the romantic likes of &quot;Two Hearts Beat as  One&quot; and &quot;Red Light.&quot;  Some of these songs may even be  sugar-coated too much, although that can be deceiving.  Make no mistake,  &quot;War&quot; mostly contains lyrically dark themes that are simply  overshadowed by the upbeat, bouncy music which often sounds joyous and free  with abandonment.  These songs ring out like heartfelt musical poetry, and  there's definitely a touch of religious hopefulness, amid the likes of war  and mutiny.<br />&quot;Surrender&quot; stands out as one of the best  unreleased U2 songs ever - a waiting radio hit that never was.  No less  than a stirring guitar chime leads off and ends the awesome and strangely  reflective song.  &quot;40&quot; is a closing hymnal-like song, a truly  beautiful and fitting way to end an album put out for the sake of peace  worldwide.  It almost makes one forget the nine rousing songs that  proceeded it.  What U2 sacrifice for future imagination's sake on  &quot;War,&quot; they more than make up for with ten great, lasting songs.  These guys are in a class by themselves, no matter what decade it is.iting radio hit that never was.  No less  than a stirring guitar chime leads off and ends the awesome and strangely  reflective song.  &quot;40&quot; is a closing hymnal-like song, a truly  beautiful and fitting way to end an album put out for the sake of peace  worldwide.  It almost makes one forget the nine rousing songs that  proceeded it.  What U2 sacrifice for future imagination's sake on  &quot;War,&quot; they more than make up for with ten great, lasting songs.   These guys are in a class by themselves, no matter what decade it is.
0380730405|5.0|Rachel is defintely a book I will read again.  I finished it in one day.  The story wraps you in and somehow you can't let go.  Very intriguing until  the very end.  When I finished I ran out to get the sequel Mrs. De Winter.
B0000004V2|4.0|I am at a loss of words on where to begin when reviewing this album.  I  definitely feel it's a great release from a band that unfortunately didn't  stick around too long. It doesn't sound like anything that was being  released in England at the time of the late 80's early 90's.  This is great  background album just let the music do the talking.  Some highlights I  enjoy are: &quot;I wanna be adored&quot;, &quot;Fools Gold&quot; and  &quot;Elephant Stone&quot;.  I can't imagine anyone really disliking this  CD even if they have a just fleeting interest in Brit pop.  I say if you  are reading this review and do not own this CD you most likely have a  geniune interest in the band and you shouldn't be leary about buying this  release.  I guarantee you will like it.
B00004SCX6|2.0|Let me just start out by saying that I didn't buy this album-I borrowed it from my sister (not that I'll ever make *that* mistake again).  Also, I don't dislike Spears as a person (even though she is a terrible role model  for her audience of mostly eleven-year-olds).  But her music leaves much to  be desired.  <br />If you are seriously considering spending [money] on this CD  ..., don't bother.  Just turn on your  radio, or MTV, and listen to her first single from this album, &quot;Oops,  I did it again.&quot;  Except for the terrible remake of the Rolling Stones  classic &quot;Satisfaction,&quot; all the songs sound pretty much the same:   the same rhythm, the same lyrics repeated over and over within each song,  and Britney's husky crooning, which sounds as if she's a lifelong smoker.    Now, if she were a folksy singer-songwriter, that kind of voice would  actually be kind of cool, but it doesn't really work for bubblegum pop  music.<br />If you must buy into the she-pop phenomenon, I recommend Christina  Aguilera, who at least has a bit of variety in her music, or Mandy Moore,  who has a beautiful voice.
0440219078|5.0|This book was assigned reading for my college Library Science course.  I was very moved by the horrors that were common in this world and if we boil  it down it shows us what is going on in OUR world.  I would save this book  for Freshman or Sophomore high school students.  I think that not only are  some of the scenes very real and heartbreaking, but it requires a certain  maturity level to be able to understand what it is telling us.  If this  book doesn't inspire a strong desire for social change it has fallen on  ears unable to hear its message.
0440211727|5.0|&quot;A Time to Kill&quot; is John Grisham's first novel, but unless you read the foreword, it's not readily apparent.  His fluid, detailed  storytelling is unlike the choppy first attempts of many modern authors.   (At times it may seem he pays *too* much attention to details, but after  all, he *is* a lawyer.)<br />In a small town in the Deep South, two redneck  hooligans rape and maim a ten-year-old black girl.  Enraged, the girl's  father, Carl Lee Hailey, takes justice into his own hands, killing the two  rapists in a courthouse shooting.  He seeks the help of defense lawyer Jake  Brigance to save him from the gas chamber.  Brigance, a young but sharp  lawyer, has to find a way to win an impossible case:  a black man is on  trial for killing two white men, and his case is being heard by an  all-white jury.  Adding to the mix are violence between the Ku Klux Klan  and the black community, and the fact that, during the shooting, Carl Lee  had injured a sheriff's deputy (who later had to have part of his leg  amputated).  <br />Throughout the book, the odds stack against Brigance and  his client, and the novel will definitely keep you turning the pages.  No  matter what your personal opinions on the death penalty or vigilante  justice are, you won't be disappointed.  As Jake's mentor, disbarred lawyer  Lucien Wilbanks, says, &quot;If you win this case, justice will prevail,  but if you lose it, justice will also prevail.&quot;
0385484518|4.0|Tuesdays With Morrie is a small book with a meaningful message. It tells the true story of Morrie Schwartz, a former sociology professor at Brandeis  University who is dying of Lou Gehrig's disease (ALS). A student from 20  years ago, Mitch Albom, learns of Morrie's illness and starts to visit him  once a week on Tuesdays, just as he had when he was in college. Through  those weekly meetings, we learn about Morrie's views on life, death,  happiness, money, marriage, family, and other such issues. Morrie doesn't  believe that dying is something to be ashamed of, so he reaches out to  people and shares his experience, treasuring the time he has left to  connect with people and to say his goodbyes. As we experience Morrie's  decline, we are reminded of what's most important in life and how hard we  must try to focus on those things.<br />It took only a few hours to read this  little book, and yet it sends a message that is worth keeping forever. I  suspect each person will glean different lessons from this book, but here  are some of the messages that struck me:<br />- Ignoring death doesn't make it  go away, but instead cuts off an opportunity to treasure our own lives and  the lives of others. Often when an older person talks about their death,  their children say, &quot;Don't talk that way,&quot; as if talking about it  causes death. By denying death, we make it harder for people to accept  their mortality, and we miss the opportunity to allay others' fears about  what will happen to their loved ones after they're gone. <br />- When we're  with someone, we should be fully *there,* focusing on them, listening to  them, and responding to them.  <br />- Morrie allowed himself time to feel  self-pity, fear, anger. He fully experienced those emotions so that he  could know the feeling, and then move on, without letting it consume him.  By denying our feelings, we let them control us; if we accept them, we are  free to choose our response to them.<br />I plan to read thisevery so often,  just to keep reminding myself what really matters and to value each day.
B000002J2B|4.0|Although not the best Genesis record of the Collins years (that honor goes  to Duke), W&amp;W is however the most consistent in mood and the most  melancholic the band has recorded. The greys of the cover's artwork is a  great compliment to the music. <br />The standout track for me here is  &quot;One For the Vine&quot;, a ten-minute epic that dosen't waste a single  note and sports one of the band's most beautiful melodies.  Collin's vocals  on &quot;Vine&quot; and the rest of the album are softer than found on  Genesis's 80's material, which suits the music just fine.  <br />Other notable  cuts are &quot;Blood On the Rooftops&quot;, which showcases beautifully  delicate guitarwork by Steve Hackett. &quot;All In A Mouse's Night&quot;  shifts between at least three different musical styles, representing the  various characters in the song, much in the tradition of the Gabriel years  when Peter sang his characters' parts in different voices. &quot;Eleventh  Earl of Mar&quot; kicks the record off with a bang, with fine propulsive  drumming by Collins.   &quot;Afterglow&quot; closes the album as a powerful  farewell.<br />Some tracks however don't work well on me. &quot;Wot  Gorilla&quot; is mediocre instrumental filler, and thankfully doesn't eat  up much album time. I still haven't made up my mind about &quot;Your Own  Special Way&quot;, it's pretty, but better ballads were soon to come on  following albums. &quot;...In That Quiet Earth&quot; is another   instrumental jam, part of a three-part linked song cycle, that trudges  along without any worthy hooks to grab the listener in. None of these  just-mentioned tracks should  keep anyone from investing in this recording,  the good tracks mentioned above make up for the lesser ones.<br />Again, not  the best Genesis record, but it's better than the previous release A Trick  of the Tail and on even standing with the following recording ...Then There  Were Three. I recommend W&amp;W on any rainy day.
B00000JZC4|4.0|THE BAND: Richard Patrick (vocals, guitar, bass, programming), Geno Lenardo (guitar, bass, sitar, mandolin, programming), Frank Cavanagh (bass), Steven Gillis (drums & percussion).<br /><br />THE DISC: (1999) 11 tracks clocking in at just over 70 minutes. Included with the disc is a 4-page foldout containing song titles/credits/times, song lyrics, band pictures, and thank you's. Recorded at Abyssinian Sons Studios (Chicago), and The Mix Room (Burbank, CA). All songs written by Richard Patrick. Label - Reprise Records.<br /><br />COMMENTS: Filter put it all together on \\"Title Of Record\\" (except for the album title). Catchy melodies with ultra crunchy guitars. Mostly hard rockers filled with aggression and adrenaline with a slick radio-friendly ballad... and toned down vocals. You could not have seen this coming if you based your expectations along the lines of the industrial sounding \\"Short Bus\\" from 1995. Sure there are hints of Nine Inch Nails (Patrick was a guitarist with NIN)... but that fact doesn't bother me at all. The songs here rock the house. \\"The Sand\\" is a 36 second intro that leads into Filter's heaviest most catchy song to date, \\"Welcome To The Fold\\". \\"Captain Bligh\\", \\"The Best Things\\", and \\"Take A Picture\\" are the three featured songs making it to the radio waves... the latter of the three being the band's first ballad - and a beautiful track and their highest charting song at #3 on the Modern Rock chart. Filter is a talented band... making their own albums as well as lending or writing songs that appear in several major motion pictures (The Cable Guy, Spawn, The Girl Next Door, Little Nicky, Tomb Raider: Cradle Of Life, The Crow: City Of Angels, X-Files - maybe there's a reason why he has a song on the X-Files soundtrack... from his real life brother Robert as Agent Doggett). As of 2006, I think \\"Title Of Record\\" is Filter's best album to date (4+ stars).
B0000026TD|5.0|This is one of my favourites of Andreas Vollenweider's. I think one of the  reasons why his style appeals so strongly to my heartstrings is that he  paints with his music. If you ever go camping or spend the night outdoors  in the bushland under a starry night sky, you must bring along 'Dancing  with the Lion'. It brings to my mind, the noble Bedouin chieftain and his  Arab steed, the nomadic tribesmen and their camel trains, the Muslim desert  people on the Tienshan Plateau in China, the Aborigines and the Jackaroos  out in the bush, the native American by his fire with coyote by his side...  It's something that I'll not tire of listening to.
B000002JEV|5.0|It's worth the money for the version of Thankyou. With a sweet mystical  ending and with one of Jimmy's best guitar solo's. The version of Whole  Lotta Love is good too. An album you will return to again and again to  capture some of the groups raw energy.
B00003CX5P|3.0|Sorry you all but Episode I just doesn't capture the magic like the original star wars movies did. Yes, It did have dazzling special effects  but besides that it wasn't to good. I look forward to Episodes 2 and 3 but  I don't really expect them to match the originals. (of coarse) Still worth  renting and maybe even buying just to add it to your star wars collection.
0440214041|1.0|Worse than simply being a 'by-the-numbers' book, it introduces numerous characters that pose a threat to the cookie-cutter heroine, only to leave  them as dangling plot threads with no resolution.  Grisham generally shows  strong promise in the first third, then falls apart, leaving me frustrated  as a reader
B00004TDTO|5.0|This time on one rocking dvd which really enhances the whole experience. This is no doubt one of the best horror flicks of  all time along with  Pycho (1960). Check it out!
6303257844|5.0|Speed is one of the best action films I have ever seen.Keanu Reeves,Dennis  Hopper and Sandra Bullock all deliver top notch performances in a film that  really had my adrenaline rushing.Speed is a real rush.Winner of 2 Academy  Awards.
6305531374|1.0|The cast of Dawson's Creek runs around doing nothing while our beloved villian walks around them, making us think someones gonna get sliced, but  never does. Jamie Lee returns (from death?), with complete amnesia of her  daughter who we watched in the last 3 movies, and magically lives way out  in CA, because as we all know, what could be trendier? The worst part is  that we all know that Mike will always come back, that film makers will  always ressurect him: now they have to come up with a way to staple his  head back on. But at least Mike gets killed. It seems like nobody else does  in this abomination of a movie. Of all the horror films I've seen this one  had the lowest body count, as well as intellegence. To divirve any pleasure  from something like this, you would have to be clinically braindead. I get  more excitement from deoderant, and get more scares from the idea that  people get paid to make this garbage. Pointless, thrilless, stupid and  dull, I cannot think of a worse sequel... other then THE PHANTOM MENACE.
B000000H5J|4.0|Max Cavalera once quoted that this band was the future of death metal.  Now....I do not see any great death metal shades here....but the music is  aggressive and is very intriguing. This was my first Fear Factory record  and I am proud to have it in my collection. Burton C. Bell is an incredible  vocalist who has a lot of intensity and soul in his larynx....and Zero  Signal, Therapy for Pain are ample proof of his vocal capabilities.  Self-Bias Resistor, Replica, H-K, are smashing and oppressively heavy  songs....one listen and u will feel ur brain dribbling out of your ears.  This is one helluva record....a must buy for every rivethead on planet  earth. Fear Factory are demanufacturing metal, in a truly unique way.
B0000013GT|5.0|Outkast put out &quot;Southern...&quot; and got a great reception. Then  came the blockbuster. ATLiens is on of the most real and ground-breaking  albums in history. Me being a southerner I've been hearing this kind of rap  for years, but i encourage people all over the US to buy the album and  listen to it. Not just play it but listen to the lyrics, if you listen  there is a very passionate message to love God,Friends, and Family  RECOMMENDATIONS : Goodie MOb - still standing                 : Outkast -  Aquemini                 : Goodie MOb - soul food
1881273156|5.0|This is by far the best book ever written to help couples communicate their love for one another.  It is interesting reading (not that clinical  language).  I started reading it and couldn't put it down.  The ideas it  presents are the most common sense ideas that we just sometimes  overlook.<br />This book makes a GREAT wedding gift!
6300215814|5.0|Audrey Hepburn had a lot of memorable, glamorous roles as highly individual, sensitive young women.<br /><br />But her most iconic turn was as Holly Golightly, a frivolous young woman with a highly sensitive core. Hepburn is a ball of shimmering charm here, whether she's setting hats on fire or chasing nameless cats through the rain, and she's able to shine brightly enough to obscure a few flaws (such as Mickey Rooney). The other actors do serviceable jobs, but she's undeniablythe star.<br /><br />\\"Breakfast at Tiffany's\\" is a daily ritual for Holly Golightly (Hepburn), a social butterfly who hosts parties, entertains drunken men for their fifty-dollartips, and dreams of owning a horse farm in Mexico with her brother. When kept-man Paul Varjak (George Peppard) moves into a neighboring apartment -- courtesy of his rich patroness -- he is instantly enchanted by the ditzy, sweet-natured Holly.<br /><br />But for all Holly's fun, Paul starts to realize that all is not well with her. She's desperate to marry a spectacularly wealthy man, parties with wild crowds, visits a notorious gangster in jail, and hides that she was an illiterate teen bride to a hick doctor. As Holly's life starts to deteriorate, Paul sets out to show her what her life will be like without real love.<br /><br />Reportedly Truman Capote wasn't happy with the movie version of \\"Breakfast At Tiffany's\\" -- they changed the ending from his short story's, and he didn't like Hepburn as Holly Golightley. But this is one case where the movie's quality is not reflected by what the author thought of it -- taken on its own merits, it's a fine chocolate with a bittersweet center.<br /><br />Much of the movie is devoted to the friendship (and unspoken attraction) between Holly and Paul, and how it disrupts their comfortable shallow lives. Paul spends the whole movie unravelling the unhappy tale of Holly's life as she starts spinning out of control. Things climax nastily with Holly's already-questionable reputation being sullied, but the finale is an exquisite mix of brutal honesty, true love and a very unglamorous rainstorm.<br /><br />That said, it's a pretty hilarious movie -- witty dialogue (\\"... if you like dark, handsome, rich-looking men with passionate natures and too many teeth\\") and plenty of kooky humour (\\"TIMBER!\\" Holly yells as a drunken model keels over, followed by the crowd parting like the Red Sea). And there are plenty of charming, warm'n'fuzzy moments, like the cute day trip through New York.<br /><br />One thing that will make viewers cringe: Mickey Rooney's caricatured Japanese landlord who objects to Holly's parties. Not. Funny.<br /><br />Though she was no party girl, Audrey Hepburn is pitch-perfect as Holly -- she can be flaky and adorable (\\"I'm CRAAAZY about Tiffany's?\\"), chattery and glamorous, with a cat she refuses to name because they're just a pair of \\"poor slobs who don't belong to anybody.\\" But she can just as easily flip the switch to show the wounded, almost childlike side.<br /><br />George Peppard is just as good -- albeit less winsome -- as a writer-turned-kept-man-turned-writer-again, whose protective affection for Holly grows as the movie goes on, but who has to get through her ironclad defenses. And Patricia Neal rounds out the cast nicely as the icy, cynical woman whom Paul gives his non-literary services to.<br /><br />Hepburn is the flawed diamond at the heart of \\"Breakfast at Tiffany's,\\" and her charm and acting ability elevate this beyond just another adorable romantic comedy.uisite mix of brutal honesty, true love and a very unglamorous rainstorm.    That said, it's a pretty hilarious movie -- witty dialogue (\\"... if you like dark, handsome, rich-looking men with passionate natures and too many teeth\\") and plenty of kooky humour (\\"TIMBER!\\" Holly yells as a drunken model keels over, followed by the crowd parting like the Red Sea). And there are plenty of charming, warm'n'fuzzy moments, like the cute day trip through New York.    One thing that will make viewers cringe: Mickey Rooney's caricatured Japanese landlord who objects to Holly's parties. Not. Funny.    Though she was no party girl, Audrey Hepburn is pitch-perfect as Holly -- she can be flaky and adorable (\\"I'm CRAAAZY about Tiffany's?\\"), chattery and glamorous, with a cat she refuses to name because they're just a pair of \\"poor slobs who don't belong to anybody.\\" But she can just as easily flip the switch to show the wounded, almost childlike side.    George Peppard is just as good -- albeit less winsome -- as a writer-turned-kept-man-turned-writer-again, whose protective affection for Holly grows as the movie goes on, but who has to get through her ironclad defenses. And Patricia Neal rounds out the cast nicely as the icy, cynical woman whom Paul gives his non-literary services to.    Hepburn is the flawed diamond at the heart of \\"Breakfast at Tiffany's,\\" and her charm and acting ability elevate this beyond just another adorable romantic comedy.
B0000042MY|5.0|This CD was a great idea.  I have seen the movie so many times to  count  and had hoped there was a sound track.  The songs have so much emotion  built into the structure of the music.  My best song is #3 where  instruments build from a pattern that starts off simple.  You music watch  the movie to get the full effect of the emotion drama from the CD.
6305603847|5.0|Without a doubt, the DVD version of Pink Floyd's masterpiece, The Wall, is  a great buy.<br />The quality of the presentation is fantastic, with both  sound and picture quality very good indeed. The extra scenes and other  add-ons are essential for devout Floyd fans.<br />The only issue I have with  the DVD setup is with the menu. While they are visually spectacular, and  have obviously had quite a bit of work gone into them, they are not as  user-friendly as they could have been. Instead of providing song titles for  appropriate scenes, you must instead pick the scene by number. I hope you  have a good memory if you want to go to your favourites. Traversal of the  menus is also a little slow, owing to the video and sound add-ins, so it  takes longer than you would like to get to a particular scene.<br />All that  aside however, you purchase this mainly for the film, and that itself is  outstanding. Highly highly recommended by this long-term fan!
B000002UDB|5.0|Another fantastic Beatles album, though it kind of gets lost when compared  to their other masterpieces (they had so many!), such as &quot;Abbey  Road,&quot; &quot;The White Album,&quot; &quot;Revolver,&quot; &quot;Rubber  Soul,&quot; and of course &quot;Sgt. Pepper's.&quot;  This is because it is  perhaps their least serious, wackiest, and least meaningful album.  But it  is also their most fun, dreamlike, and one of their most easily accessible  albums.  It is good for everyone, even those who are not Beatlemaniacs!  In  contrast with the &quot;White Album,&quot; almost all of these tracks can  be listened to separately and be considered top singles, as many were!  The  opening title track is very fun, though not as catchy as \\"Sgt. Pepper's.\\"   Then comes a superb song, the deepest of the album, Paul's \\"The Fool On the  Hill.\\"  It is lyrically and musically beautiful and touching.  George's  \\"Blue Jay Way\\" is his usual psychedelic song, but it is incredibly  low-keyed and rather creepy.  It's a pretty cool track, but not one of the  best of the album.  Paul's \\"Your Mother Should Know,\\" is a decent tune, but  hey it's the Beatles!  It was so hard for them to live up to their  standard, and this is not one of the gems of this album!  Not to mention it  is followed by one of John's perfect, wild, nonsensical masterpieces, \\"I Am  the Walrus.\\"  It's got the most bizarre lyrics, and very bizarre and warped  music to match.  It easily outdoes the following song, Paul's \\"Hello  Goodbye,\\" which is extremely catchy and shows Paul's talent as an  accomplished musician, but it is lyrically pale in comparison with many of  his other songs, and it is sandwiched between 2 magnificent, original, and  flawless Lennon tunes.  The following song is the very popular, dreamy, and  extremely creative \\"Strawberry Fields Forever,\\" which ranks right up there  with \\"I Am the Walrus,\\" and, as \\"I Am the Walrus,\\" its inventiveness and  impact is only surpassed by John's \\"A Day in the Life,\\" but it is much,  much weirder!  John Lennon was an absolute genius, and this album showcases  two of his very best compositions.  Paul's following retrospective song,  \\"Penny Lane,\\" is up to his usual standards, a very well written, lovely  tune.  It is a classic song, from the ultimate classic rock band.  \\"Baby  You're a Rich Man\\" is interesting and weird, but it is pretty simple.  The  last song, \\"All You Need is Love,\\" the optimistic hippie anthem, obviously  one of John's creations, is a very groovy 60s song!  It ties up the album  very well!<br />To sum it all up, this is not as fantastic as some of the  other later Beatles albums, but it definitely deserves its share of praise  and is more than worth owning!  Some of their best songs are included, \\"I  Am the Walrus,\\" \\"Strawberry Fields Forever,\\" and \\"Penny Lane.\\"  It is a  very good introduction to the Beatles, though I would have to say \\"Sgt.  Pepper's,\\" \\"Rubber Soul,\\" or \\"Revolver\\" would be better first choices.  All  other albums aside, this is a true masterpiece in itself, a dreamy escape  from reality!  Are you ready to go?  SPENDID!  Roll up - Roll up for the  Mystery Tour!
B00003CWL6|4.0|This is my favorite movie of 1999, except for &quot;Run Lola Run&quot;. I've seen it 5 times and I'm still not sick of it. The cinematography is  really great, Conrad Hall still has it going on at age 80, the scene with  the plastic bag is very poetic and reminds me of single little scenes in  Kurosawa movies, like in &quot;Sanjuro&quot; where a camellia blossom falls  off a tree and into a babbling brook while birds chirp overhead. The camera  follows the camellia floating on the water for a few seconds and then  switches back to the story. Those little scenes are sometimes what you  remember the most about a movie. I think it's a good slice of life that  could be anywhere, not just someplace in the USA. I saw it with a friend  from Finland, who loved it and identified with it just as much as any  American. There are a lot of messages in this movie, just you have to open  yourself to them. A lot of people here in San Antonio didn't like it and  thought it was weird, but for those of us willing to take a deeper look at  ourselves and the world we live in, it hits the nail on the head on how  mundane our lives really are. A co-worker of mine told me seeing this movie  changed his life, and I believe it. A classic!
0671034065|5.0|I bought this book to occupy break time on my last mid-shift...and ended up forgoing sleep the following morning when I got home, 'cause I just  couldn't quit reading!   &quot;The List&quot; is just the sort of silliness  I can see myself and a few buddies coming up with over a bottle of wine.   The twists in the plot are interesting and unpredictable...and you can't  help but feel an instant kinship with Jaine, the main character.  This is a  GREAT read...I am headed to the library and Amazon to see what else I can  find by Ms. Howard!
6305538018|5.0|The problem is that most film critics have never studied film themselves so how can they critique something that they know totally nothing about?  Well I am a film student and I would like to let you in on some secrets  about this movie.     This is not a movie that you really experience. That  is to say that it's not out to necessarily entertain in the conventional  sense. It's out to make you think, to make you intellectualize what's  happening. I'll give you an example: One easy example is in explaining why  the acting was so bad at the beginning of the movie. The acting was so bad  because they simply weren't well drawn characters within the game, and as  you could see the game's characters, mostly Allegra Geheller and Ted Pikul,  went through varation in character because of what happened within the  game. So when everyone finishes the game at the end you could conceivably  say that this is version 2.0 of the game because the characters are better  drawn and have more depth to them. They have more depth to them because  they have gained experience from the earlier parts of the game (It's sort  of like layering).       Now the intellectualizing can go some thing like  that ranging from the simple to the elaborate. Its really fun once you  start its just that some people aren't sophisticated enough to actually  analyze a movie. They would rather sit in front of a T.V. set for an hour  and a half saying duhhhhh, duhhhhh, duhhhhh, until the movie is over. This  movie sorts out the educated from the mindless
B000002IHD|5.0|Another in the batch of Stax/Volt reissues, and another must-own slice of  Otis Redding's one-of-a-kind soul singing.  Reading the liner notes that  accompany this reissue, it's a wonder how Redding's music could  simultaneously have had so little first-hand chart impact (&quot;Dock of  the Bay&quot; was his only Pop Top-10), yet have such immortal artistic  impact.  Actually, it's not a wonder at all... the charts are rarely  reflective of the quality music that's being produced.  Still, it's sad  that such an artistic giant didn't have a commensurate chart and sales  impact.<br />Redding's cover of Sam Cooke's &quot;Shake&quot; stalled out at  #47 Pop, but it just *kills*. Not only is his voice perfect for this song,  but the band, especially Al Jackson Jr.'s drums, simply sparkle.  Similarly, Redding's version of his own &quot;Respect&quot; only rose to  #35 Pop (though the R &amp; B chart took it to #4).  Aretha Franklin's  version is heard just about daily on your local Rolled Gold radio station,  but where's Redding's?  Not to demean Franklin's version in any way, but  listening to Redding singing against Donald &quot;Duck&quot; Dunn's great  bass line, not to mention a horn chart that is a textbook example of the  60's Memphis soul sound proves that this version should be just as familiar  to the Big Chill babies.<br />This is a straight reissue of the original  11-track LP, remixed from the original mono master tapes.  The mix of  tracks includes soulful ballads such as Sam Cooke's &quot;A Change is Gonna  Come&quot;, Redding &amp; Jerry Butler's &quot;I've Been Loving You Too  Long&quot; and &quot;You Don't Miss Your Water&quot;, a down and dirty  blues cover of B.B. King's &quot;Rock Me Baby&quot; (with Steve Cropper  filling the B.B. King slot with aplomb), a striding, New Orleansish cover  of &quot;Down in the Valley&quot;, an interesting cross-pollination of  Motown with Stax on a cover of the Temptations' &quot;My Girl&quot;, a  Staxified cover of the Stone's &quot;Satisfaction&quot; that has Otis  sounding like he's about to burst, the aforementioned fireworks of Cooke's  &quot;Shake&quot;, and a &quot;totally Otis&quot; cover of Cooke's smash  &quot;Wonderful World.&quot;  The latter really shows what happens when  Redding takes a song that you know every breath of and remakes it into his  own.  It becomes a different song, taking you along with the new version  rather than reminding you of the previous one.Stone's &quot;Satisfaction&quot; that has Otis  sounding like he's about to burst, the aforementioned fireworks of Cooke's  &quot;Shake&quot;, and a &quot;totally Otis&quot; cover of Cooke's smash  &quot;Wonderful World.&quot;  The latter really shows what happens when  Redding takes a song that you know every breath of and remakes it into his  own.  It becomes a different song, taking you along with the new version  rather than reminding you of the previous one.
630587493X|1.0|I saw this with such high hopes that Robin williams would do a good job. He tries to rescue this film from utter suckiness, but it just isn't  enough. The first half hour is good, as Robin Williams is a robot who was  just bought by a family to do various house hold projects. It's funny, and  he has some questions about life that make you think. It goes DOWN from  there. Time keeps passing so quickly, you don't know what's going on. Half  way through the movie, there is a girl robot who is mind numbingly  annoying. Everyone in the theatre was moaning with the stupid things she  said, trying to be funny. People were laughing because it was so bad. An  ancestor of the family who bought the robot ends up having sex with him,  and then it just gets stupid. I won't say anymore, except that I don't know  anyone who likes this movie.
0345350499|5.0|Few and far between are the books that we cannot bear to put down. Whenever one comes along it is a bitter-sweet expierence for with every  page you invest more interest and with every page you are closer to the  end. You will resent the fact that it's late at night and you have to get  up early to go to work becuase you would rather read this book. The  language, legend, characters, and historical perspective of this book hold  you in rapture but the most unique aspect of this book is the fact that is  it told from the point of view of the most important WOMEN in King Arthur's  life. Every woman should read this book - you'll cry, laugh, curse, and  wish that it would never end.
0375707972|2.0|&quot;The Reader&quot; is not an easy read. No tbecause of length or difficulty, but because of disturbing subject matter and because, quite  frankly, it is not very well written. Certainly the sunbject of guilt  relating to the Holocaust is not new.  How should those who stood by and  did nothing atone for their silence; even worse, what about those willingly  particpated in the atrocities of this dark period.  Readers are faced with  these issues, but given little to think about.  It seems as though we are  supposed to feel sorry for Hanna, but I just cannot. She is a reprehensible  person; nothing can excuse her actions.  Even her affair with Michael is  nothing but a confused, ugly woman using a young man. Michael, too, is  conflicted many years later when he discovers the truth about Hannah. He is  sickened by what he knows, but his character seems to lose strength--in the  end, he seems shallow.  While the novel hopes to pose serious questions and  raise thought-provoking issues, it does not succeed.
6302869390|4.0|First of all, to make this a good review, I'll give a few of myimpressions.  Bob Dylan and most of the performers here all do a great job, all at their peak.  George Harrison is included in that, but Clapton has been better.  This concert occurred shortly after the breakup of &quot;Derek and the Dominos&quot; (perhaps the best short-lived group of all-time), and Clapton was just reaching the depths of his dibilitating heroin addiction.  He had stopped playing music and spent the bulk of his time at his home, and only came because his friend George Harrison was putting the whole thing together.  This was Eric's last public performance until Pete Townshend dragged him back onstage for the famous Rainbow Theater concerts in December of 1973 (which effectively sent him back into the studio and onto a great solo career as well).  Still, a great video, and a definite must-have...
B00000G3HZ|5.0|Growing up my family always loved this movie but I guess I was never  mature enough to understand it.  I watched it again about 5 years ago and  realized what a good film it is.  I was graduating from college when I  watched it and I can really relate my group of friends to the group of  friends in this film.  Don't miss this one!
B00001OH1S|3.0|The soundtrack is good but not what I expected.  Sting's Windmills of your Mind is excellent, but I agree with what has been said - there is such a  lot of instrumental songs missing - those songs that gave the movie such a  wonderful feel. We could not get hold of the CD in South Africa and after  quite a search we ordered from Amazon.  I must admit that I was  disappointed when I first heard it.  I would not go to all the trouble of  looking for it again!
B00004Y2QT|5.0|This show was aired as a pay per view event onn New Years Eve 1999. The Artist and friends including guests Lenny Kravitz, George Clinton, Larry  Graham, NPG, The Sound of Blackness Choir, Morris Day and the Time pull out  all the stops for what was billed as the party of the century. This show  will please long time fans and new fans alike. The Artist now know as  Prince plays all the old favourites (Purple Rain, Kiss, Gett Off) and  introduces some great new tunes from his Rave unto the joy fantastic cd. An  excellent live performance by Prince and all his guest performers!
B000001EAQ|5.0|I believe this is some of the greatest of the greatest band on television  and the earth.  I can't recall if there is some unknown tracks of this  POP(extra tracks) because all the Pop I have is listed as the same as this  which is sold as POP(extra tracks) as far as I know.  Say it aint, so Joe.
B000002UAU|5.0|ABOUT A ALBUM THAT WAS AT THE TOP OF THE CHARTS FOR 15 WEEKS IN A ROW WHEN  RELEASED? ABOUT A ALBUM THAT WON 4 GRAMMY AWARDS, INCLUDING RECORD OF THE  YEAR? ABOUT A ALBUM THAT HAS GONE ON TO CHART IN THE TOP 100 OVER AND OVER  AGAIN IN THE PAST 33 YEARS, AND HAS GONE ON TO BE BRITAINS ALL TIME BEST  SELLING ALBUM? ABOUT A ALBUM THAT WAS CERTIFIED AS HAVING SOLD 35 MILLION  WORLDWIDE AS OF JUNE, 1987, AND AS I WRITE THIS IS CURRENTLY AMOZONS 8TH  BEST SELLING RECORDING? IGNORE THE SNIVELERS AND MICRO-MINDS WHO DON'T KNOW  ANY BETTER AND PUT THIS DOWN, FACTS DON'T LIE, THIS IS FIVE STARS ALL THE  WAY,IF YOU STILL DON'T HAVE THIS, GET IT TODAY!
B00000DF6O|5.0|The voice and skill of BB just keeps getting better.  This album took me  from laughter to tears, and kept me wanting more. Special favorites of mine  are &quot;Blues Man&quot;,  &quot;I'll Survive&quot;, and of course  &quot;Bad Case of Love&quot;.<br />As a musician and part time audio engineer,  I found the production quality (the mix)on this album was absolutely first  rate... very instrument clear and crisp.<br />If you get no other BB King  album, get this one.
B000005J56|4.0|As someone that grew up in Havana in the 50s, I enjoyed this CD a lot. I  must admit that I was not totally familiar with some of the musicians on  this band as I have been away from Cuba for almost 40 yrs and it wasn't  until this came out that I became acquainted with them. Their music is  another story. I am very familiar with this music that reminds me of my  happy childhood. The harmony and professionalism shown by these masters is  remarkable. It appears that some of them felt reborn by doing this  recording as they appear to have been forgotten or ignored for years. I saw  their video as well and they looked alive and happy like little kids. The  songs were wonderful and the arrangements were smooth. CD's like this do  not come along very often. It is great cuban traditional music at it  best!!!!!
B00004SZWE|5.0|This is one of Stevie's Finest! I love the songs and the vocals. I can  safely say that this is a perfect album and I am glad to own it!
B00004TWZF|5.0|I saw this movie in the the 1980s and was enchanted by it. I thought what  a fantastic movie but then I read a couple of reviews that berated the film  for being a macho competition for free diving.<br />Any one who says this  should be made to watch it until they &quot;get it&quot;. In my opionion  the competion for free diving is a stage to contrast two people from  different worlds. Two guys dive for two entirely differnt reasons. So who  wins? Watch and learn!
0440180295|5.0|This novel is essential in many ways.  It is undoubtedly one of the best-written, most well respected novels of the 20th century (No. 6 on the  list that was a compilation of all the other lists) and is, therefore,  essential to your understanding of 20th century fiction.  If you have never  read Vonnegut, this book should be the first one you read: it is the most  famous and one of the best and really captures the essence of Vonnegut.   Finally, despite its literary merit, this is a FUN book to read.  You will  laugh, you will think, but, most of all, you will enjoy reading it and you  will finish it FAST.<br />This should be your introduction to Vonnegut.  I've  found that true Vonnegut fans don't often choose Slaughterhouse-Five as  their favorite, but, instead choose one of Vonnegut's other wonders  (Breakfast of Champions, Cat's Cradle, Sirens of Titan, etc.).  I think  that most would agree that this is a good jumping off point, just as, in  music, people often start with Greatest hits albums and then work from  there.<br />Only Vonnegut could make such a strange premise believable and  emotional.  The book shifts time and place from paragraph to paragraph  without warning.  It is about aliens and WWII.  It all works so perfectly,  however and is so profound to those who read carefully.  Billy Pilgrim is  one of the great characters in all of literature.<br />Don't be scared off by  aliens and the weird premise.  It works better than 99% of so-called  &quot;normal&quot; books.  Absolutely ESSENTIAL.<br />thanks {{{milo}}}
B000020617|3.0|This may be the best driving album of 1999, with big rock riffs galore, a  pounding rhythm section, and melodic hooks all over the place. It all works  without going over the top into heavy metal or hard grunge. There are some  daft lyrics here, so don't listen too closely, but the quieter songs near  the end may give us a glimpse into the songwriter that Dave Grohl can be.
B00004SZWB|5.0|Stevie made the fans wait when he released this in 1980. After the bland  Journey Through The Secret Life Of Plants he brings another great CD with  song as lovely as All I Do,Rocket Love, and Lately. Gems like Did I Hear  You Say You Love Me and Do Like You. Happy Birthday is Great and very  essential! A PERFECT ALBUM!!
B00003IPFK|5.0|I had stayed away from this DVD because of all of the bad DVD quality  reviews.  I found a used DVD copy yesterday and although I was disappointed  by DVD standards, I found it to be a much clearer picture than I was used  to on my VHS.  Until it is remastered, like we know it will be(why wouldn't  they want to sell it to us again?), this will do just fine.
0385470819|1.0|&quot;A Time to Kill&quot; is not only poorly written, like most of Grisham's stuff, but it is sick and entertains dangerous notions as well.  The action hinges on the a father taking revenge after his preteen daughter  is raped.  This is a disgusting enough theme, but then the reader is made  to believe that such vigilantism is not only justified but perfectly  acceptable!  At the end of the book, a court ruling is made based on the  threat of mob violence.  If that isn't enough to chill your blood, all of  this is in service of a weak story with cliche characters and an overall  lack of imagination that is startling.  The reviewer below says reading  this book is better than watching television.  Much as I love books, I  respectfully disagree.  Most television shows don't insult the intelligence  nearly as badly as this does.
B000002OVJ|5.0|if you want to hear where led zepplin stole their sound, then listen to Live At Leeds. If you want to hear the GREATEST ROCK DRUMMER EVER then  listen to Live At Leeds. If you want to be witness to the birth of heavy  metal then listen to Live At Leeds.Everything else is just a pale copy of  this masterpiece.
B0000000LI|5.0|I had  seen the concert on TV, then bought the CD, what a guy!!  His  music, his special sound, the musicians,,Karen Bigg, and the whole  orchestra,, they are all totally awsum!!  So I ordered the video too..Now I  can not only listen, but can watch too..I plan on getting all his  works,,its soothing,,lively, upbeat, and just a total joy to hear. Keep up  the good work Yanni!!!!
0240804236|5.0|Mr. Anchell has complied an excellent book for both people becoming interested in developing their own film and those who want to know more  about the chemistry of photographic processing chemicals. There are  sections on getting started building your own darkroom, previously tested  formulae for developer, fixer, and other assorted solutions, and a full  explanation of what each chemical does in the formulae if you want to  create your own developer. I used this book as a reference in a college  level photographic chemistry class and I found it invaluable.
B000002UEB|4.0|&quot;Operation Mindcrime&quot; is Queensryche's &quot;Pink Floyd The  Wall.&quot;  It tells a surrealistic story that occasionally bogs down the  muscic.  Nevertheless, there are enough good and rocking tunes to keep you  entertained.  This is for headbangers who like to think as well.
B00004Y2QT|3.0|The DTS mix is amazing on the disc. I was absolutely floored by the sound quality..The only downside is Prince's so so band..Larry Graham's presence  is also visually unappealing..I give this 3 out of 5 stars..
B00004RYZT|5.0|This DVD is definatly a must-have for anyone claiming to be a Rammstein fan!  Not only does the music kick @$$, but the pyrotechnics RULE!  Pyro  German bands rule!
0792835077|2.0|&quot;Westworld&quot; scared the living crap out of me when I was a kid.  My how things have changed.  I saw it again recently and laughed at how  hokey it is.  Sure, its a great sci-fi concept (imagine a place where you  could live out your fantasies with androids attending to your every whim),  but the filmakers didn't have much of a budget to really pull it off.  Actually, this would be a good movie for Hollywood to remake as a  summertime blockbuster with a $100 million dollar or so budget.  Yul  Brynner probably enjoyed hamming it up as the gunfighter in this film, but  the movie itself has not aged well at all.
B00004SCX6|4.0|Britney's second album is very nice and here what i think on each song<br />1. Oops!...I Did It Again-Ya'll know that song it's overplayed on  mtv but still very catchy song 5/5 2. Stronger-One of my faves song great  upbeat tune 5/5 3. Don't Go Knockin' On My Door-Eh this song is so so it's  upbeat song but not as good as the others 4/5 4. Satisfaction (I Can't Get  No)-Ok this song isn't that good 2/5 5. Don't Let Me Be The Last To  Know-Nice ballad written by one of my fave singers shania twain 4/5 6. What  U See (Is What U Get)-Great upbeat song very good lyrcis 5/5  7. Lucky-My  fave song great song 5/5 8. One Kiss From You-Nice upbeat song not my fave  3/5 9. Where Are You Now-Very good ballad one of my faves 5/5 10. Can't  Make You Love Me-Great upbeat song 5/5 11. When Your Eyes Say It-Nice song  4/5 12. Dear Diary-I haven't heard all of the song so i can't rate it
B00002E233|3.0|I avoided this movie like the plague in theatres -- it really came off as a semi-schlocky &quot;Jaws&quot; ripoff.  But that was my loss -- because  &quot;Deep Blue Sea&quot; is a pretty good movie for the genre, and  atmospherically creates something new while working in the confines of the  enjoyably predictable &quot;people as rats in a maze&quot; formula.<br />&quot;Deep Blue Sea&quot; actually owes more to the Alien films than to  Jaws, and the DVD edition offers wonderful extras that illustrate this,  including an entertaining commentary track, some breathtaking peeks behind  the scenes (the sets are phenomenal), and the usual gorgeous clarity of  DVD.  The film's underwater science lab has a greenish eerie shimmer to it  that the DVD does full justice to. I especially enjoyed the interviews with  the cast, all of whom come off as bright, funny, and entertaining people as  they give some memorable anecdotes about becoming shark bait (or near shark  bait).<br />Speaking of the actors, the flim's ensemble of people-as-fish-food  is comprised of some pretty good ones -- Jackson, Rapaport, and especially  Burrows, who makes a completely convincing scientist in spite of her looks.  (One side note on the 'official' review -- why is Burrows, who has now  carved a respectable career as an actress for more than 5 years, still  referred to as an 'actress-model'?  Hasn't she earned the right to be  called an actress yet?)  LL Cool J is a blast as a Bible-quoting cook, and  Burrows is a cool, calm center to the story, which offers up a few tasty  Science and ethics questions before the sharks get down to business and  start chomping.<br />The story is actually very clever, with lots of humor,  tension, and some huge sudden scares.  There's a twist in the end, too,  that literally made my jaw drop (I probably added a star to the review  based on this suprise alone -- when was the last time a movie REALLY fooled  you?).  The music score is forgettable, but adequate, and the  cinematography and special effects are gorgeous.  The sharks are by far the  most fun -- they're quick, smart, and even seem to have a devilish sense of  humor.  They're also, for the most part, entirely real (especially for  those like me, who see sharks even in the swimming pool).<br />A smart,  enjoyable and scary diversion, and worth the asking price.the  cinematography and special effects are gorgeous.  The sharks are by far the  most fun -- they're quick, smart, and even seem to have a devilish sense of  humor.  They're also, for the most part, entirely real (especially for  those like me, who see sharks even in the swimming pool).  <br />A smart,  enjoyable and scary diversion, and worth the asking price.
0312243022|2.0|I enjoyed Michael Cunningham's first book a lot (Home at the..), the second book (Flesh &amp; Blood) was a little less engaging and read like a  standard 90's American gay novel, but this!   After all of the hype  (Pulitzer etc.) I expected, wrongly, a return to form.  Instead, this book  is trite, insincere and a horrible mishmash of Virginia Woolf's work.  I  hated the book.  From beginning to end.  I hated the characters - the  vacuousness of their lives.  I hated the tear-jerking AIDS stuff.  It was  SO PREDICTABLE!   And worse, the book never really engaged with the form of  Woolf - it reads like pastiche, a thoroughly post-modern exercise in novel  writing.  I would not recommend this book to anyone.  Instead, if you want  Virginia Woolf, read the original and not some hyped American nonsense.  If  you want a book that really enters into a subject and dissects it try Geoff  Ryman's &quot;Was&quot; (which uses The Wizard of Oz as a starting point).   If you want a good AIDS-fueled cry, then try Paul Monette.  But please  leave this chic coffee-table tome on the shelf where it belongs.
B000001DTM|5.0|There are very few words I can offer up to praise U2's 9th album release  that would actually do Achtung Baby justice.Let it be said that this is  just a powerhouse album, something not only for U2 fans, but for anyone who  enjoys a well written, emotionally introspective piece of music.  After  being critically lambasted with the release of their concert album Rattle  and Hum, U2 headed back into the studio for a grueling recording session,  esentially a make or break it for the band.  What they released to the  public far surpassed any expectations.  From the opening track Zoo Station  which announces that they have arrived again, yet changed, to Love is  Blindness, the final song on the disc, all of these brilliant songs stick  with you.  U2 has always been a great band, but this is their masterpiece,  they've all but reinvented themselves here.  To go on and on would just be  pointless, take the chance, get this album and listen to it.  U2 is one of  the greatest bands in rock history, in many years, they will be remembered  with The Beatles and The Rolling Stones, with this album, they've certainly  assured themselves of this.
0671034065|5.0|This is a great book! Earthy, sexy, and fast reading. Jaine Bright and three of her co-worker women friends sit around a restaurant table and  wonder what each thinks would be &quot;Mr. Perfect&quot;.  They make up a  list which includes personal traits and also physical traits!  This is a  joking matter to them and becomes known as &quot;The List&quot;.  Although  they had wanted to keep it private, the list is inadvertenly leaked and the  four women are suddenly thrown into the public spotlight including tv  appearances.   However, there is one twisted mind that seethes at these  women making up such a list.  This mind believes they must pay for the  disgusting things found on this list.  The list then no longer is a joke,  but a deadly game with a murderer on their track. Quick witted talk between  Jaine and her hunky next- door -neighbor cop, Sam, is delightful. Of  course, Sam becomes involved in the case and Jaine drools over the day when  they can hop into bed together!.  A must read for all Linda Howard fans.
B0000025WQ|5.0|She's So Unusual is one of the best debut albums in the history of  music.Unfortunately for Cyndi, with the release of this album drew unfair  comparisons between herself and Madonna.  Fortunately, this album is far  superior to anything Madonna has put out as a whole in her entire career.   She's So Unusual is a mix of fun pop songs and songs sung from the heart.   There's no shortage of fun here, with Girls just Want to Have Fun, Yeah  Yeah, I'll Kiss You and even She Bop which also raised a few eyebrows back  in 1983.  Of course, with Money Changes Everything, Time After Time, When  You Were Mine (written by Prince), and All Through The Night, Cyndi's songs  are so powerful and heartfelt it's hard to understand where those  ridiculous Madonna comparisons came from.  This is one of the best albums  released in the 80's and remains one of my personal favorites today, this  does not come off as 80's drek, infact it hasn't dated at all.  It's a fun,  emotional and wonderful exhibit of one of music's most unique and wonderful  artists.
B00004XPP0|5.0|Like other people I want to see the original trilogy on DVD as well, but I  gladly welcome the re-release of the trilogy.  Star Wars fans need to add  this to their collection.  From the death star destruction to the  celebration on Endor, it was like I was a little kid all over again.  I  already have mine reserved and I will also be the first in line when it  comes out on DVD.  Thank you Lucas!
B00000IN5G|4.0|Children of Bodom manage to make baroque music fun and headbang-able.  I do not find any particular Iron Maiden influence, actually; I think they  differ from other Nordic melodic extreme metal bands (In Flames, Dark  Tranquillity) in that respect.  This is pure fast, cerebral baroque music  set to heavy metal instrumentation and harsh, wild vocals.  The music is  reasonably complex, but more in the harmonic sense than in the rhythmic  department.  What can be said is that it has an inimitable sense of melody.   You will find yourself involved in this music straightaway, and it is  impossible to divert one's attention wholly until the album has run its  course.  It is &quot;catchy&quot; and &quot;entertaining,&quot; yes, but  this is intelligent entertainment (whatever the silly title of the CD).   Your mind (and body) will respond to its compelling intricacies.  The only  complaint I have about this CD is that it is too short, clocking in at  under 40 minutes.  A few more molten tracks of &quot;death classical&quot;  (as I like to call it) genius and this could compete with Nevermore's  &quot;Dreaming Neon Black&quot; for album of 1999.
6304414145|3.0|I also felt the story fell flat!  There was so much hype about this movie.   I think the acting was fine, and as a mother, my heart went out to the  parents of the kidnapped child and I thought the movie showed a realistic  view of what I imagine kidnappers might do to their victim. I, like another  viewer, felt like Mel Gibson's character should have used his wits to  battle these evil beings, rather than being the somewhat  &quot;wishy-washy&quot; character he was.   It just wasn't one of my  favorites movies.
B00004TH7Z|4.0|Contrary to the condescending Amazon review, Iron Maiden are not at all like Spinal Tap and are intelligent songwriters, though they may have a  slight case of attention deficit disorder, sliding from one topic to  another completely different from song to song.<br />But down to the music.  I  would consider this their best album since &quot;Seventh Son of a Seventh  Son,&quot; and it is probably a respectable position to say that it is  their best since &quot;Powerslave.&quot;  It is not, however, Iron Maiden's  best album ever.  Almost every song has something special about it: the  nice guitar harmony on &quot;Wicker Man,&quot; the delicate synthesized  orchestration on &quot;Blood Brothers,&quot; the fast, exhilarating chorus  of &quot;Dream of Mirrors&quot; (my favorite on this CD), the progressive  and Middle Eastern vibe of &quot;The Nomad,&quot; and the majestic chorus  of &quot;Out of the Silent Planet,&quot; to name a few special moments.   Nevertheless, there are no moments of genius here to equal those of  &quot;Wrathchild,&quot; &quot;Hallowed Be Thy Name,&quot; &quot;The  Trooper,&quot; and &quot;Aces High.&quot;  But as I was not expecting that,  I was not disappointed.<br />This album reminds me most of &quot;Somewhere in  Time&quot;; it has a somewhat melancholy feel and lapses into  contemplativeness from time to time (especially on the final track,  &quot;The Thin Line between Love and Hate&quot;).  If there is any real  headbanging moment, it is on the aforementioned &quot;Dream of  Mirrors.&quot;<br />Like others, I wish Iron Maiden would break out of their  self-appointed box a little and maybe steal a few pages from Germanic power  metal (Helloween, Blind Guardian, Edguy) or those great Swedish bands (In  Flames, Dark Tranquillity, Opeth) that have so successfully updated the  Maiden sound for the next century.  But failing that, they have done just  about the next-best thing by releasing a solid album of traditional heavy  metal.
B00000JGEH|5.0|Honesty, this is my favorite movie of all time.  I've seen it at least 20 times and every time I see it I pick something else that makes me realize  how truly great it is.<br />The acting is superb.  Although Arnold's portrayer  of the Terminator was right-on, Michael Biehn is even better. I can't take  my eyes off him.  His character is man from a horrific future who knowingly  sacrifices himself for Sara Conner.  Every movement of his eyes, every  facial expression, every word out of Michael Biehn's mouth is that of the  character.  When you watch the movie, you know you're watching Arnold  Schwarzenegger, but Michael Biehn WAS Kyle Reese.  It's too bad that Biehn  never received the recognition he deserved.  <br />My favorite part is when  Kyle descibes a picture he had of Sara and then confesses his love for her.   He gets up from his chair and nervously starts packing away explosives  into a bag saying, &quot;I shouldn't have said that.&quot;  Sara comes over  to him, takes his face in her hands and kisses him.  What I would give to  take her place!<br />I could go on and on forever about this, but I'll end  here by saying that both this and sequel are excellent, but this one is  better.  It has extreme replay value, which is why you buy several copies  :)<br />-Amanda
B00002EPMF|4.0|Control Denied is a side project of Death leader Chuck Schuldiner, and he  has assembled a capable cast for this album.  It has been called  &quot;power metal&quot; because vocalist Tim Aymar sometimes uses the high  end of his range, but in my view this fits in more with the technical speed  metal movement: following in the footsteps of bands like Voivod, Mekong  Delta, Anacrusis, and Tourniquet.  Too few bands play that sort of music  nowadays, but it is still full of possible new angles and approaches, some  of which Control Denied exploit to good effect.<br />If one is familiar with  Death's &quot;Sound of Perseverance&quot; one knows what to expect with the  music.  Stop-and-start riffs, introspective/psychological lyrics, and  squeaky-clean production are the most noticeable attributes.  I think  &quot;Fragile Art of Existence&quot; ranks slightly below &quot;Sound of  Perseverance&quot; in that oh-so-subjective category of songwriting:  &quot;Perseverance&quot; just has the riffs.  While satisfyingly diverse  and complex, &quot;Fragile Art of Existence&quot; doesn't have many  immediately identifiable &quot;great moments.&quot;  Still, this is a  worthy, thoughtful piece of music, and anyone interested in technical metal  should pick this up and further his education.
6302424887|5.0|This screen adaptation of Macbeth is a veritable treat to watch .Vivid ,  brilliant &amp; full-blooded_____some viewers may have been put off by the  gore &amp; nudity but I suspect they &quot;protest too much&quot;!  Shakespeare's plays are life writ large____  murder,mayhem,treachery,debauchery,lies,truth,sacrifice,friendship,generosity_____all  cast in a majestic language .To feel squeamish at the depiction of LIFE  (&quot;warts &amp; all&quot;)in Shakespeare is  inscrutable to me .The  witches' scenes are some of the best I've seen, as is the enactment of the  &quot;feast scene&quot; where Macbeth, having murdered the king,is stricken  by pangs of guilt. Most adaptations of Shakespeare are too  &quot;mannered&quot; and anemic____Polanski's version captures the essence  of this masterpiece in all its dark,brooding &amp; bloody glory.This one is  a keeper!
B00000K28G|3.0|A 3 rating doesn't do this justice; I will admit that straight out.  A 4  might be more just on an objective basis; for those who are likely to be  buying this album, however, chiefly those familiar with Anathema's earlier  metal work, a 3 may do well to warn of potential dangers.<br />This CD  contains some of Anathema's best songwriting.  The songs are depressive but  not as stark and bare as many of the songs on &quot;Alternative 4,&quot;  and the vocals are much better than on &quot;Eternity&quot; (where they  were often out of tune).  The best song is a gorgeous, moving ballad called  &quot;One Last Goodbye,&quot; dedicated to the memory of the mother of two  of the band members.<br />In general, the album maintains a sound of somber  reflection and tends evoke a very British atmosphere, in keeping with the  band's location.  Pink Floyd is an influence, yes, but Anathema is more  consistent than Floyd and harks back more to a Renaissance or mediaeval  aesthetic.<br />I mark the album down to a 4 because it often gets lost in  itself.  One goes in enthusiastic and somewhere along the way loses track  of the music, only to come out again with instrumental &quot;2000 &amp;  Gone&quot; wondering what has just transpired.  Some may find this a  benefit; I find it irritating.<br />I mark it down to a 3 solely because it  is, in the final analysis, not metal.  Now, simply because a musical  recording does not adhere to the conventions and &quot;tricks&quot; of a  genre, does not mean that it is any less worthy--in fact, the opposite is  more often the case.  However, in this case, my own view is that the somber  timbre and depressive feel would be enhanced by contrast, by more energetic  sections, though they need not necessarily involve any particular  &quot;heavy metal&quot; artifice.  And the fact is that some people will be  turned off by Anathema's confirmed direction away from metal, and I am not  entirely sure that their prejudice is to be condemned.
0780622553|5.0|'Dark City' is pure science fiction noir and a visual feast: a gloomy                                 metropolis encrusted with bristling                                  Gothic ornament, redesigned and                                  reinvented in impressive FX           sequences night after night.  Making up original stories in the noirish setting is one difficult task, as  you can tell by watching the movie. It is complicated and mysteriously  complex, all to the point where, if you take your eyes of the film for one  second, you can get lost. Every moment of your attention must be paid to  the movie as it unfolds, otherwise you may perhaps not appreciate the  quality and effort that movie brings on. Films like &quot;Dark City&quot;  are the pinnacles of imagination and visual style--you look at them and  wonder, how any human being could possibly create such breathtaking  scenarios and stories. The movie is not for one second dull and dreary, and  never for one moment a let down. <br />The premise of the movie, outlined by  Kiefer Sutherland's &quot;mad doctor&quot;  character as we descend into  the &quot;Dark City&quot;, is that a race of aliens is  dying, although  they are advanced enough to control spacetime through  thought alone, a  process known as &quot;tuning.&quot; His character is central to  the plot  of the aliens' experiments with a cast of human subjects by  rearranging  their memories nightly - not just within an individual, but  from one  person to the next.  The whys and wherefores revolve around one  John  Murdoch, played with urgency by Rufus Sewell and shadowed throughout  by  John Hurt's angular, intense police detective.<br />In this era of  pretentious, over the top sci-fi films (The Matrix) Dark City stands as a  triumph of imagination and will endure for years.
B000021XS0|4.0|I was disappointed with &quot;Falling into Infinity,&quot; as were many  other people, and, like others, had wondered whether DT's songwriting  talent had left with Kevin Moore.  Fortunately, we were all wrong: this is  the best Dream Theater since &quot;Awake.&quot;<br />When I first picked up  the CD, I was disappointed with the concept they chose.  A saga about two  lovers and a murder?  Come on, how seedy can you get!  The original  &quot;Metropolis&quot; song seemed to me to be more supernatural in  inspiration and to sound a more optimistic note.  But after seeing them  play the album through in concert, I &quot;got&quot; the storyline much  more and appreciated what they have put together.<br />This CD contains some  of Dream Theater's best ballads, such as &quot;Through Her Eyes&quot; and  &quot;The Spirit Carries On.&quot;  I feel that some of the fast  progressive jam parts, however, attempt to get back the magic of  &quot;Images and Words&quot; and &quot;Awake&quot; without quite  succeeding.  Nevertheless, music this complex, melodic, and intense cannot  fail to satisfy on many levels.  Dream Theater are still the kings of this  game, and it's good to have them back in fine form.<br />A high 4 rating.
0790729628|5.0|One of the greatest (if not the greatest) science fiction films of all time, Blade Runner is a film to behold - Still just as powerful and  visionary today as it was back then and that in itself speaks volumes about  this film. Set in 21st century Los Angeles, Blade              Runner  creates a totally convincing world of neon-lit cityscapes               peopled by strangely-clad urbanites, who seem more robot than               human, and then pits Harrison Ford against a              group of renegade  replicants (androids that are almost              indistinguishable from  humans), who have escaped from an              off-world colony. On its  initial release the film's main attraction              were the astounding  visual effects, the complex themes contained              within the  narrative alienating the vast majority who saw it. Over              the  years, however, a cult has grown around Blade Runner, where              it  seems to have satisfied a need for &quot;harder&quot;, more intellectual               science fiction in the wake of Star Wars and its seemingly  endless              hybrids. Looking back, it is clear that Scott's film  was years ahead              of its time. <br />Culminating in a monstrous,  violent, affecting and magnificent finale, Blade Runner stands shoulder to  shoulder with the most ambiguous and visionary of films. An incredible  experience on every level, though the impact is undeniably diminished on  video, Scott's scarily prophetic tale appreciates substantially with repeat  viewing. Even for those who ordinarily shy from science fiction, this is a  must-see movie.
B000001EMW|4.0|As a cellist and eager listener of Metallica's S&amp;M album, I felt  compelled to buy the two CD:s by Apocalyptica. Although I bought their  second album, &quot;Inquisition Symphony&quot;, first, which is probably  the stupid reason why I only rate this CD with four stars. For I.S. the  members of Apocalyptica have, according to what I've heard, developed a  special playing technique, to be able to play faster, more furiously. In  this album, however, they use the usual playing technique (the one you play  &quot;The Swan&quot; or &quot;Vocalise&quot; with) and therefore this album  is so light, too disharmonized. There is a screaming light &quot;sing  part&quot;, a bass section of two cellos, and a middle part, hardly  noticable. In I.S. the four instruments are &quot;closer&quot; to each  other, constituting a whole, a provoking storm of sound. Here they seem so  separate. Perhaps it's because of how they recorded it, or perhaps it's  just me, getting deaf from to listening to too much Apocalyptica, but it  doesn't matter. The slower songs, like &quot;The Unforgiven&quot;, a  wonderful adagio movement by the way, are just as good as the slower songs  on I.S., with &quot;adagios&quot; like &quot;Nothing Else Matters&quot; and  &quot;Fade To Black&quot;, but the faster ones, like &quot;Wherever I May  Roam&quot; and &quot;Enter Sandman&quot; feel a bit numb and flat (not as  alive as I'm shore I would feel if I'd bought this CD first...). Except  from Sanitarium, which really does the trick. Anyway, the remaining four,  brightly shining, stars represent the wonderful and ingenius arrangement,  played virtuosly by the members of Apocalyptica.
6305810109|5.0|The Straight Story is among the best movies I've ever seen...period. I never thought I would say this about a Lynch-directed film, but I say it  without hesitation here. The acting is a bit stiff in the first few  minutes, but once it gets settled in, I'm not sure I've seen finer  performances. The film moves slowly, but deliberately, as Lynch  demonstrates the power of silence. Angelo Badalamenti's score complements  the film perfectly.  The cinematography is unusual but is never  distracting. The character development is outstanding, and the biggest  surprise of all: the dialog is very strong and very intelligent. The  emotional performances by the actors together with the very genuine dialog  made the movie personal for me. Our kids even sat through its slow pace  because the characters are so interesting. I just can't say enough positive  things about this movie. If you want a good family film, this is it.
B000001EMW|4.0|As a cellist and eager listener of Metallica's S&amp;M album, I felt  compelled to buy the two CD:s by Apocalyptica. Although I bought their  second album, &quot;Inquisition Symphony&quot;, first, which is probably  the stupid reason why I only rate this CD with four stars. For I.S. the  members of Apocalyptica have, according to what I've heard, developed a  special playing technique, to be able to play faster, more furiously. In  this album, however, they use the usual playing technique (the one you play  &quot;The Swan&quot; or &quot;Vocalise&quot; with) and therefore this album  is so light, too disharmonized. There is a screaming light &quot;sing  part&quot;, a bass section of two cellos, and a middle part, hardly  noticable. In I.S. the four instruments are &quot;closer&quot; to each  other, constituting a whole, a provoking storm of sound. Here they seem so  separate. Perhaps it's because of how they recorded it, or perhaps it's  just me, getting deaf from to listening to too much Apocalyptica, but it  doesn't matter. The slower songs, like &quot;The Unforgiven&quot;, a  wonderful adagio movement by the way, are just as good as the slower songs  on I.S., with &quot;adagios&quot; like &quot;Nothing Else Matters&quot; and  &quot;Fade To Black&quot;, but the faster ones, like &quot;Wherever I May  Roam&quot; and &quot;Enter Sandman&quot; feel a bit numb and flat (not as  alive as I'm shore I would feel if I'd bought this CD first...). Except  from Sanitarium, which really does the trick. Anyway, the remaining four,  brightly shining, stars represent the wonderful and ingenius arrangement,  played virtuosly by the members of Apocalyptica.
630589938X|5.0|cujo is one of my favorite movies that steven king is my favorite horror writer i love the movies he makes that why i collect the movies he does  creepshow,christine,cujo as they are released on dvd i would to meet him in  person and tell him how munch i loves his movies.and when he stars in them.
B000009ED0|5.0|Kid Rock is my favorite music artist cuz hes got everything I want in music combined. Uncle Kracker, Joe C, and TBT are the best music sidekicks.  Well enough about that. Kid Rock has done his absolute best on his album.  &quot;Bawitdaba&quot; was hard and excellent and &quot;Cowboy&quot; was my  favorite. It just was for some reson. &quot;Devil Without a cause&quot; is  a long song but very tyt. It feature Joe C with a rap of his. I liked  &quot;Only god Knows Why&quot; cuz it was his favorite song. Its laxin. I  also liked &quot;Black Chick White Guy&quot; cuz its a chapter of his life.  Keep up the good work Rock. I'm lookin forward to your fallow up to this  album next year. Tyt concert to.
6302800420|5.0|hysterically funny, but with a great romance and gender politics to boot;  entire cast is great, from Dustin Hoffman and Jessica Lange (Oscar-winning  role) right down to George Gaynes and Bill Murray (&quot;I wouldn't play  hard to get...&quot;); seeing it is knowing how a real bad idea can be  brilliant if done the perfect way; every scene is magical and memorable,  and it all fades perfectly into a nice little Stephen Bishop ballad; PLEASE  WATCH THIS MOVIE!
B00003652Q|4.0|When the 1970's turned into the 1980's, the leading progressive rock bands  of the day felt they had to evolve. Genesis ditched their complex technical  noodlings and turned into a pop band; Pink Floyd imploded and ground to a  halt; Rush blazed an intelligent path into complete obscurity; and Yes,  well, Yes became No, frankly.<br />Into the gap, then, stepped Marillion.   Script for a Jester's Tear was their debut, the first of five thoughtful,  well crafted affairs, followed by another half dozen anonymous and turgid  ones (after Fish left). 'Script' captures the musicianship and the spirit  of Marillion perfectly, complete with flashy keyboard and guitar solos and  unfathomable lyrics. Garden Party seemed an unlikely hit single, but you  have to remember that in those days there really wasn't anyone else making  this kind of music, and Marillion won the kind of fan base that's prepared  to stay the course through thick and thin. Perhaps that's they key to  Marillion: if you're a fan, you're probably a HUGE fan. Marillion's music  always seemed to be meanighful, personal, something to be lived  in.<br />Accusations of sounding like Genesis are unfair - Marillion were what  Genesis never managed to become. If you like, Marillion represent what  Genesis might have become if Peter Gabriel hadn't left. Anyway, 'Script'  still sounds superb after 17 years, which testifies to the immense musical  talent within the band. Producer Nick Tauber (who had previously worked  with the likes of Thin Lizzy back in the seventies) excelled himself here,  giving the album a depth and atmosphere that suited the band  perfectly.<br />As for the second CD - a collection of alternative versions  and B-sides - it's an interesting document of the band's early days but not  something for the casual listener. Market Square Heroes and Three Boats  Down From the Candy are superb, presented here in their original versions  (rather than the re-recorded and rather bland versions reissued some years  later, and available on the 'Bsides Themselves' album). The version of  Grendel here isn't a patch on the 'proper' version, sounding amateur and a  bit unrehearsed, with all the interesting musical bits not yet dreamt up.  Chelsea Monday and He Knows You Know are truly dismal affairs - stick to  the finished items on the album proper - while Charting the Single was  always a good track, if a little tongue-in-cheek. In summary then, the  album itself is indispensible, but don't pay a fortune to get the extra CD.
0790742314|3.0|ever wanted to throw a pet in the microwave? it's gross fun (with Judge  Reinhold AND Hoyt Axton, no less) if you don't think about it. rather  obvious satire (suprisingly produced by one of its biggest targets) and a  rather crude one at that.
014028009X|4.0|If you're a woman in want of an intertesting read, this book is for you.  I was skeptical at first, thinking this would be yet another book on  &quot;How to land the perfect man&quot; wrapped up in a fancy package.   But, in a refreshingly honest and down-to-earth approach, Helen Fielding  has offered the contemporary woman an amusing and insightful look at being  single when the rules keep changing.  This book is not just for the single  woman, but for everyone.  For those that remember what the single life was  like with envy or with releif, they will find something to laugh at or even  remember with a sigh.  It is delightful and a fast read.
B000003CMB|5.0|This is the best goddarn Allman Brothers cd that you can get. If you can't  get enough of this jamming at its best, I recomend The Fillmore Concerts  set and Eat a Peach. All three of these albums are equally great and they  provide the best jams of the Allman Brothers at the Fillmore East.
B00001NFCY|3.0|First off, let me say that I LIKE this album.  Yes I do.<br /> &quot;Why  three stars then, biggie-e?&quot; you ask.<br />Well, I wasn't suprised by  anything other than &quot;Higher.&quot;  Everything else sounds like  something Soundgarden, Stone Temple Pilots or the like have already  done.<br />The first track, while a nice opener... can you say STP's  &quot;(Flies in the) Vaseline&quot;?  I knew that you could.  For some  reason, &quot;Faceless Man&quot; reminded me of &quot;Interstate Love  Song&quot;... &quot;Wrong Way&quot; just sounds like Metallica's  &quot;Enter Sandman&quot; gone bad.<br />But the tracks that set the album  apart, are the ones that mix 90's grunge with 80's-esc &quot;big  sound&quot;... and that would be &quot;Higher&quot;, &quot;With Arms Wide  Open&quot;, and &quot;Inside Us All&quot;.  Sadly, they're all slower,  un-grove-able tunes.  I get the impression that this is a band that wanted  to &quot;rock out&quot; but this album just doesn't.<br />Looking for a  &quot;grunge&quot; sound?  Get this album.<br /> Looking for an album full of  songs just like &quot;Higher&quot; and &quot;With Arms Wide Open&quot;?  Look somewhere else.
0425166805|2.0|This is a worthwhile book to read.  The author did some pretty good collecting, and his theories are tantalizing, to say the least.  It is a  shame that he had to repeatedly ruin some good information with the single  phrase &quot;There can be no other explanation.&quot;  <br />He repeated this  phrase throughout the book.  Each time I saw it, I cringed.  This phrase  tries to cut off debate, stifles analysis, and generally hurts the  credibility of the entire work.<br />When people are so convinced of their own  position that they try to suppress any information to the contrary (even  rhetorically), they are degenerating to the level of the &quot;Thought  Police&quot; - or worse.<br />Sorry Herr von Daniken, you blew it.
B00003CXFV|5.0|Julia Roberts is known for her romantic comedies. Even though she hasn't exactly been typecast, films like Pretty Woman, Notting Hill and Runaway  Bride stand out in her film r&eacute;sum&eacute;. However, she has proven that her acting  is definitely worthy of an Oscar with Erin Brockovich.<br />This is a true  story about a struggling single mother whose only wish is to have some  financial security for her three children. Having suffered a minor car  accident, she persuades her lawyer into hiring her. She begins to take  interest in a particular case. Several families have suffered from diseases  because their water is contaminated with chromium -- the Multi-billionaire  Company responsible has offered to buy their homes for a lot less than the  market value. The lawsuit, of course, is a big one for such a small law  firm, but neither Erin nor Ed (Albert Finney) has given up on the fact that  the company must be punished.<br />Julia Roberts has brought a dynamic  heroine to life. Her acting is quite impressive in this film. I highly  recommend
B00003XB8K|5.0|Whether or not you like &quot;MCMXC A.D.&quot;, everyone must admit it created a phenomenon! Michael Cretu took the idea of combining religion and  relentless sexuality to heights never before imagined. Fans of the first CD  will be happy to know that the original sound of Enigma has been  recreated....and then some....on this AWESOME CD! <br />Enigma's second CD  &quot;The Cross of Changes&quot; was an almost perfect compliment to  &quot;MCMXC A.D.&quot; Enigma's third attempt, &quot;Le Roi Est Mort, Vive  Le Roi!&quot; sounded half-hearted and dull...no passion.  &quot;Screen&quot; shows that Michael Cretu (the force behind Enigma) has  redeemed himself in an explosive way!  Sultry and slick, this CD takes you  in and doesn't let you go! <br />I noticed that Enigma has taken a couple of  cues, on this CD,  from Deep Forest (another fantastic musical entity.) The  use of synthetic voices and samples that sound as if they could be from a  Pygmie tribe are right on the money, and never detracts from the overall  organic sound.<br />Light some candles, open your favorite bottle of wine and  put this CD on your player. A perfect evening is guaranteed!
1878424114|5.0|Deepak generously shares his wealth of knowledge,...again,in this &quot;little book of secrets&quot; that share with all of us &quot;The  Seven Spiritual Laws of Success&quot;, A Practical Guide To The Fulfillment  of Your Dreams.<br />Deepak's &quot;secrets&quot; reveal that... 1) Pure  Potentiality-everything is available to us 2)Giving-there is an endless  supply and we may use everything and at the same time give everything to  others 3)Karma-realizing that the universe remembers everything and never  forgets and responds with rewards and consequences 4)The Law of Least  Effort-go with the flow 5)Intention and Desire-releasing your thoughts to  the universe 6)Law of Detachment-herein lies our peace 7)Dharma - joy in  being<br />Deepak always offers&quot;food for thought&quot;...the table is set  and you are invited to dine,please RSVP...the universe is waiting for your  reply!I hope you enjoy the banquet!
0446677450|5.0|Kiyosaki's RICH DAD POOR DAD book serise is a must for professional financial planners or anyone that is interested in knowing how to be  completely financially indipendent and how to begin to start your own  financial empire! ..........THANKS ROBERT KIYOSAKI for your generouse  contribution to financial education and showing some vital secrets that  enable readers to have an exit from the eternal RAT RACE...
B00004TWZF|5.0|I saw this movie when it first came out 12 years ago. It is a great movie. However, this DVD version production quality is rather disappointing. Some  video artifacts come up from time to time on one spot of the screen.<br />This  movie has many beatutiful and artistic shots of the Mediterranean sea. The  love between Enzo and Jacques is most touching and so is their passion  toward sea. I named my lizard after Enzo who is short-tempered but  warm-hearted and caring.
0920668364|1.0|This is a book about dysfunction and a mother's inability to let go appropriately of her child.  When mother continues her serenading of the  sleeping son, even into adulthood by going to his house and sneaking in the  window with the ladder tied to the top of her pickup truck,....well, I just  couldn't take anymore.  This is not a book my child will see because the  values expressed therein should not be admired or perpetuated.   Even the  lullaby itself is limited.  Why? Because a mother's true love continues  even after her death - in spirit!  And why cause a child to think about  mom's love ending with her death? Why cause a child to think about mom's  death at all?   This is simply a terrible book in all aspects.
B000002IJO|4.0|&quot;Dancing Undercover&quot; has always been overshadowed by albums such as &quot;Out Of The Celler&quot; because it didn't contain songs that were  as melodically accessable. What this album has is a seductive sexy vibe  that grabs a hold of you and never lets go. &quot;Enough Is Enough&quot; is  a tasteful rocker that opens with Stephen Pearcy telling his lover &quot;I  like the way you talk when you  undress me...I like to take it off.&quot;  &quot;Drive Me Crazy&quot; is a wild ride that engulfs you in its  intensity<br />then lets go leaving you breathless. &quot;7th Avenue&quot; is  a boogie that struts along with attitude and a  feverish lust. &quot;Body  Talk&quot; rocks with a decadent ferocity that is all the more consuming  when the melodic content is just as substantial. &quot;Dancing  Undercover&quot; also includes the classic &quot;Slip Of The Lip&quot; and  &quot;It Doesn't Matter.&quot; This is hard rock dripping with a sexuality  that is palpable and delicious. Buy a copy as a gift to your lover. It will  give them great pleasure.
6301902645|4.0|Steve McQueen drives a Porsche 917 very quickly for 24 hours. That is 'Le  Mans', and no more needs to be said.
B000002H5I|4.0|A Standing ovation is what this woman deserves. My hats off to her. I  First bought her tape way back in 89 when i was a kid , and i was spell  bound to some of her songs. Well let me be honest ,the fine tunes of the  acoustic guitars and her voice really haunted me ..i just had to listen to  her tape everyday. Then there came a time my tape got spoilt and i had to  buy the disc , and my rotten luck was that there were no Tracy Chapman  discs available out here. I got her cd this year from my visit to london.  It took me a long time..but i finally got it.<br />Well getting back to her  album..every track is worth the listen.  An amazing debut album packed with  real life instances that will make you smile and cry. &quot; Talkin about a  revolution &quot; , &quot; fast car &quot; and &quot; baby can i hold you  &quot; ( the single who's recent cover version was done in 1998 by the #1  irish group Boyzone ) are few of the tracks making the cd a gem of an  album.<br />Tracy Chapman - A unique artist , who's work is worth the  recognition worldwide. My respect to her , and sincere thanks for giving us  some very good music.
0881032565|5.0|It being summer vacation, and having nothing to do, i went to the library to borrow a good book to read. I'm really into mystery books right now, and  so I asked the librarian to pick out a good mystery book for me, just to  avoid any cheesy mystery books. I've always loved mysteries ever since i  was a little toddler..i guess I discovered that when I found out about the  boxcar children seires..okay well anyways, my librarian picked out this  book. He said it was an absolute classic. I read it, and wow! what a great  book! i thought. So if you're thinking about reading this book, definately  go ahead with it. It's great!
0385484518|5.0|When I was told to read this book, I heard it was uplifting and hopeful.  About half-way through the book I thought to myself, &quot;Uplifting?  Hopeful?...I'm sadder than I have ever been reading a book.&quot;  That  emotion continued throughout the remainder of the book, and for the first  time, the final two chapters of a book made me cry.  When I put the book  down, I was emotionally drained, having figuratively gone through the final  days of this man's life.  I was confused by my feelings three hours after  finishing the book.  It had made me cry, but I felt better about myself  having read it.  I know many people think that the book is nothing but  sentimental drivel, but I think they are missing the point.  This book is  about a normal man who could not find the beauty that life offers until he  was told it would no longer offer that beauty to him.  A lesson I think we  can all learn from.  I highly recommend this book, and hope Morrie speaks  in your mind the way he talks to me now.  We all would be better off if he  did.
0060254920|5.0|I can to this very day remember hearing this story in preschool and loving it.  I loved Max, the central character.  I thought he was so lucky to have  a wolf suit and later, a crown.<br />This charming classic is about a young  boy named Max who runs around the house threatening to eat everybody up.  He dons a wolf suit to complete his frightening image.  Max's mother who  has had enough of the boy's antics, remands him to his bedroom without  dinner.  Once alone, Max creates a wonderful fantasy about sailing far  away, for a year and a day, to where the wild things are.  The gently  illustrated cast of wild things will serve to delight all ages.  There is  nothing frightening about these gentle beasts and they all bear strong  familiar characteristics, e.g., one looks like a giant rooster and anther  creature has a buffalo head.  Max makes himself the star of this fantasy by  crowning himself King of the Wildthings.  Homesickness intrudes and Max  tells the gentle beasts he has to return home.  Using Max's threat, they  vow to &quot;eat him up, they love him so.&quot;  Max stays tough and  leaves the wildthings and heads home.  Once safely ensconsed in his room,  he finds dinner waiting.<br />It was still hot.<br />A nice welcoming for Max and  a welcome treat for all ages.  Even now, many years later, I still love  this book.
B00003CXFG|3.0|The buzz surrounding this sci-fi horror flick was uniformly strong here in L.A. earlier this year, and my friends and I weren't disappointed when we  went to the theater.  For a genre picture with no stars, it's better than  you'd expect, with fiendish, dinosaurlike monsters and hold-your-breath  suspense.
0064430227|5.0|This is a story I loved when I was a child.  It is a gently written, wonderfully crafted fantasy about how a child takes creative control of his  world with a single purple crayon.  Harold takes his readers on many a  literary pleasure jaunt with his crayon and one gets vicarious pleasure in  seeing how Harold gets out of jams with a few swift strokes of that crayon!  It is very funny and something all ages will love.
6303109950|5.0|I enjoy watching westerns and Tombstone was the best one I have ever  viewed.  I would rate it a &quot;10&quot; over any of the other movies put  out in this particular category.  I wished they would produce another movie  similar to this one.<br />IT IS THE BEST!!!!!!!
B000000OPU|5.0|One of the best CD's I own.  Though its been over 10 years old, I still  find myself listening to it in my car.  Excellent CD.
0385493622|5.0|Of course, Simon Singh's book cannot delve too deeply into the mathematics of Andrew Wiles's proof. The proof necessarily is based on the  state-of-the-art and probably only the greated mathematicians of our time  can follow. It is like when Einstein first lectured in France on his theory  of relativity, there were only two people in the audience who could  understand, one being Poincare.<br />But the historical buildup to the climax  is fascinating, full of anecdotes, some pleasant and some disheartening  (like the 1,000 year lull in Mathematical Research due to unspeakable  bigotry), which should be part of secondary school curriculum. I am sure  that introducing the human angle in the teaching of Mathematics would make  the subject more accessible to the student, and the world will be needing  more and more people familiar with the subject.<br />Still, taking into  account the fabulous powers of Fermat (and his incorrigible humour when  dealing with fellow mathematicians), one cannot help to wonder whether  there might be a simple solution that would fit into the margin of an  e-book.
006097625X|4.0|I appreciate the innovation of writing a book about comics in comic-book style.  It's a clever, winning idea.  Perhaps it would have worked a bit  better if McCloud himself were a better draftsman, or if there had been  more (and better-quality) reproductions of other artists' work.<br />The  writing here is uneven.  Some chapters, including &quot;Blood in the  gutter&quot; and &quot;Time Frames,&quot; are very effective and very  specific, with strong insights into the nuts-and-bolts of comic techniques.   Another chapter, &quot;The Vocabulary of Comics&quot; -- which uses a big  triangle graph to encompass the whole of range of comics art -- is quite  insightful but, at the same time, oversimplifies a bit, I fear.  I'm not  saying McCloud's assertions aren't necessarily true, but he might have put  himself on surer ground with some of the language/symbol ideas by getting  more heavily into semiotics theory, etc.  And maybe here is where the  light-hearted tone and comic-book style starts to undercut his intellectual  accomplishment.  I understand the book isn't meant to be a doctoral thesis,  but still, it has high ambitions, and the structure of the book must be  subordinated to the loftiness of its aspirations.  Chapter 7, which  attempts to relate all of artistic achievement into a unified whole, is one  of the least satisfying, because it is frankly pretentious and rather  gooey, non-specific, in its assertions.<br />Don't get me wrong.  There is a  lot of good insight in &quot;Understanding Comics,&quot; and I wouldn't  debate that it's an essential read for anyone interested in the topic.  But  it also feels like sort of a primer, a survey.  Each one of the chapters  could itself be the subject of a whole book.  In other words,  &quot;Understanding Comics&quot; has impressive breadth but not as much  depth as one might want.
B000000WA2|3.0|Allow me to sum up my history with this album; bought it, sold it, missed it, bought it again, and now I'm tempted to sell it again. <br />That's the  thing about this album: a lot of it is catchy and essential as far as  understanding Blur as a whole, but at the same time, to steal from Noel  Gallagher, it's chimney sweep music. Exhibit A: &quot;Mr Robinson's  Quango&quot;, quite possibly the most irritating moment they've put on  tape.<br />I bought this one again because I thought &quot;Stereotypes&quot;  was a great peice of guitar music and &quot;The Universal&quot; a lovely  peice of music in general. I even liked &quot;Globe Alone&quot; which  hinted at their &quot;lo-fi&quot; direction they would later embrace in  full on &quot;Blur.&quot; Yet with each listen, I find myself  fast-forwarding more and more through another track oozing with  &quot;quirky&quot; character sketches. If I wanted character sketches from  East London, I would have rented either &quot;Long Good Friday&quot; or  something. Exhibit B: &quot;Top Man&quot;; infintely more annoying than  &quot;Ernold Same&quot; though only just.<br />I'm confused by the show of  support this album garners here, as a lot of people (Blur included if I'm  not mistaken) have distanced themselves a great deal from it. I'm more  content to listen to their first three albums than anything else, because  they had everything to prove back then, but this is just going through the  motions. Exhibit C: &quot;He Thought Of Cars&quot; is a re-hash of  &quot;This Is A Low&quot;.<br />I'll give it three stars (two for the music  and a third for the packaging concept) but highly recommend their first  three if you're looking for Blur's best.
B000002KET|5.0|Black Sabbath is one of the greatest bands ever.  Their earliest albums  are the best.  They all stand out in various ways, and this one does for  its uniqueness (by Sabbath standards).  Funny thing is, when I listen to  this one I don't hear heavy metal.  I think of it more as psychadelic/prog  rock.  It reminds me of stuff like 70's Jethro Tull and mid-late 60's  Beatles.  Every song flows with creativity and complexity.  I do recommend  it.
B00004TJTS|5.0|OK, first off, the movie starts in the summer of 1954 when America was  facing Germany. Frankie Muniz plays Willie, a young boy on his 9th birthday  who receives by his Mother, a Puppy which he calls Skipper \\"Skip\\". It is a  \\"typical\\" tale of a boy and his dog, but with a more dramatic touch. You  could say it was a \\"Old Yeller\\" movie. Willie and Skip become best of  friends and Skip helps Willie grow up to be a man.<br />My Thoughts:<br />Well,  it is pretty much a child's movie but even though I am a teen, I still  found it quite good and it would be the kind of movie, if I was 6 or 7 that  I would really enjoy!<br />The movie has great supporting roles supplied by  such as, Luke Wilson, the all American son who is the best at everything he  does  until he goes to war and then, well I do not want to spoil it for  you. Kevin Bacon, who plays Willie's father, who lost his leg in war and  helps Willie. <br />Pretty good movie suitable for all ages.<br />When I watch  the DVD I will review it!<br />Have A Nice LiFE!<br />Ryan
B000002KHH|5.0|If you want real classic Sabbath, check this out.  It's loaded with fan  favorites.  Every song is brilliant.  &quot;War Pigs&quot; starts you out  with a bang, followed by the band's big hit &quot;Paranoid&quot;, slowing  down with &quot;Planet Caraven&quot;, a nice ballad, then kicking up again  with &quot;Iron Man.&quot;  &quot;Electric Funeral&quot; has a nice, doomy  feel, as does the creepy &quot;Hand Of Doom&quot;.  Then comes a fun  instrumental, &quot;Rat Salad&quot;, topped off with the guitar-friendly  &quot;Faeries Wear Boots.&quot;  If you're into classic metal, you should  give this album a listen.  You'll be in for a wild ride...
6305013578|1.0|I'm writing this so you don't make the same mistake I did. The picture quality of this video was so bad that I literally pitched it into the  trash. It's a wonderful movie, but this is by far the worst DVD I have ever  seen -- it's unwatchable. The tinted Moroder videotape version and  laserdisc formats are much, much better.
0679746048|2.0|I never saw the movie, but I can only hope it is better than the book.  Maybe I just didn't know what I was getting into but I didn't not care for  this book.  Luckily it was short and quick.<br />I was hoping for more of a  story.  I wanted to learn more about the characters, how they got to the  mental institute.  I wanted to learn more about Susanna's marriage and why  it didn't work.  I felt this was more of a book on psychology.  I would  have rather had the lesson through a more visual story told through the  characters, thus portraying the psychological aspects of the book.
B00003W8NM|5.0|This is what DVD is all about. The film transfer and sound are excellent. First I watched the film, then again with the commentaries, and found them  very usefull in appreciating this unique motion picture. This DVD set is  about the most complete for any fan of movies and moviemaking I have seen.
B0000025F7|5.0|Although I usually reply with an emphatic &quot;NO&quot; when someone asks  me if I'm a Michael Jackson fan, I've always liked &quot;Off The  Wall&quot;.  The album came out when I was five years old and I can still  remember the excitement engendered by tracks like &quot;Don't Stop Till You  Get Enough&quot; and &quot;Rock With You&quot;.  Even after  &quot;Thriller&quot; became the most nauseatingly overplayed album ever and  all subsequent efforts reduced his claims to &quot;The King Of Pop&quot; as  hopelessly shallow, &quot;Off<br />The Wall&quot; remained the one album I  always pointed to whenever somebody slagged him off.  I only just recently  acquired  the album on CD, and there's something still fresh and  invigorating about every single track here; there's not a weak one in the  bunch, and the split between the  &quot;dance&quot; side and the  &quot;ballad&quot; side is maintained.  This kind of late 70s/early 80s  brand of commercial music usually doesn't appeal to me (disco was still  king back then), but like The Jacksons' album &quot;Destiny&quot; which  preceded it, it's Jackson's intensely high spirits and the loving  production touches (courtesy this time of Quincy Jones) which raise this  album far above the crowd: the wall-of-sound percussion on &quot;Don't Stop  Till You Get Enough&quot;, the driving choruses of &quot;Working Day And  Night&quot;, and the ghostly vocals on the title track bespeak greatness at  every turn.  The album is unashamedly commercial, but like other exuberant  pop moments such as &quot;With The Beatles&quot; and &quot;The  Slider&quot;, the quality of the music is such that Jackson makes it work  to his artistic advantage. Filled with more depth, soul and grace than all  of his later albums combined, &quot;Off The Wall&quot; *is* Michael  Jackson, pop superstar.
B000002J1X|5.0|This record, a bridge between Yes debut album and the refined Yes Album,  sounds kind of strange because the group hadn't achieved its full  conjunction and harmony by that date. When I heared it first it sounded  like hippie music to me. Nevertheless, it is a quite fine recording,  including rhythmic songs like &quot;No opportunity necessary, no experience  needed&quot;, deep and reflexive like &quot;Then&quot;, and the  peace-and-love hymn &quot;Time and a word&quot;. It's still the original  lineup, but that soon changed.
B000002I25|5.0|This CD features, in my taste, the best songs of the Doors: Light My Fire,  Break on Through and, my personal favorite, The End.<br />As usual, the songs  written by Jim Morrison have incredible lyrics, as opposed for those  written by Robby Krieger have more rhythm and incredible melodies.<br />Even  in the songs that are less known, you can still feel that Doors's style  with Jim's incomparable voice and the rest.<br />A must own for every music  lover
B00000IAU3|5.0|This cd has been a pleasure to hear. I love music period, but hers hits me  in the heart. Her voice is very soothing and relaxed. The lyrics speak to  me and others if I may add. This is a cd to purchase if you like class.  Thank you :o) !
0140177396|5.0|What more is there to say about this great American classic? I feel like everything has been said.  In just one word, it's great.  The characters  are really well built.  You have no choice but to feel their misery.  They  all have their own little something to add.  I don't what i could add  except that I really enjoyed this book and it is definetely worth reading.
B0000028UK|5.0|Following the Multiplatinum success of their Amazing Debut  Album&quot;Ten&quot;, Pearl Jam returned with this sophomore effort to Make  it a point, that they are the Rock band of the 90's by creating many well  crafted Rock anthems and radio singles which eventually went on to become  Pearl Jam classics.  Unbeknownst to many, Vs. was originally titled  &quot;Five Against One&quot; which it's clearly stated in the song  &quot;Animal&quot;, The first single off the album, Illustrating the band's  Opposing against the Industry.  Vs. also opens with the song &quot;Go&quot;  which is an adrenaline Pumping hard rocker, and moving on to other titles  such as the Radio single &quot;Daughter&quot;, which Clearly Illustrates  child abuse, as well as in the song &quot;Rearviewmirror&quot;.  It is  also, Important to note the Brilliance in the Music and Lyrics used in the  making of this rock Jewell,  Singer/Lyricist Eddie Vedder shows some of his  greatest Vocal talents in this album, which he uses extremely well to carry  out his gift of very unique songwriting.  The guitar Works by riff master  extraordinaire Stone Gossard, is nearly breathtaking as well as extremely  energetic, and Lead Guitarist Mike McCready's solos are the absolute  perfect combination for Gossard's riffmaking, While the Bass Player, Jeff  Ament, Provides the Ground in which their music stands with his great  musical talents.  Songs like &quot;Elderly Woman Behind The Counter In A  Small Town&quot; is a perfect example of the craftsmanship put together by  these 5 great Musicians, and shown again in songs such as &quot;Rats&quot;  and &quot;Dissident&quot;.  Vs. Closes out with the song  &quot;Indiference&quot;, A song derivative of that poetic sound that The  Doors used in their music.  All in all, this is without a doubt, the  greatest Pearl Jam record, and definitely one of the greatest Grunge  records of the 90'S.
0812504488|3.0|I thought that Dr Jekyll and Mr Hyde was rather a dull book.  It didn't have any lowpoints or strainings of any sort but rather, too much a  monotonous tone that is just not quite right.  I think that maybe I was  expecting a little too much, but still I thought it wasn't as good as I was  told.   It was well written, the style was OK, the problem was the way the  story was built.  The idea of someone changing his physical appearance is a  good one, but I think it should have gone a little deeper in the minds of  the person that experiences it.  Instead the other chose to show us a  friend of that person, and, for me, it lost most of it's interest.  I would  have liked to be with Dr Jekyll as he drank his potion to &quot;see&quot;  how it happened and all.<br />It's not a bad book, it's just not a great book  either.  A good book that doesn't have everything it takes to become a  great book.
0312243022|2.0|I picked this book up at the airport bookstore before an overseas flight based on its numerous awards. It was 200 pages of whining, depicted people  totally devoid of courage, and was sickeningly sentimental. I hated it.
B000002I2I|4.0|In Morrison Hotel, there are some great songs: Roadhouse Blues, You Make  me real, Blue Sunday, and there are some not so great songs: Queen of the  Highway, The Spy and Maggie McGill.<br />I would say, if you are listening to  the CD, listen to the first 7 songs, and skip the other 4.  I got the  feeling that these songs were added because they needed more music on their  disk, but it doesn't quite pass.<br />Other than that, the other songs are  absolutely fantastic and you feel a fusion of styles in these songs.   Unlike other albums of The Doors, this one has a lot of different styles in  it and makes it all the more interesting to listen to.
B00003CX5A|5.0|I only have three words that can describe this film : Breathtaking-Beautifull-Classic.And that is the best review you'll ever  need to read about this film.
B000002UJQ|5.0|When I first listened to that CD, I had no clue what had hit me.  The  sounds and the rhythms on this album are absolutely amazing and unlike  anything I have ever heard before.  I cannot think of a song that could  stand out of the rest as they are all incredible.  I really enjoyed this CD  and will enjoy for quite some time.<br />If you liked Paranoid Android and  Karma Police, well, you will absolutely enjoy the rest of the CD even if  each song has it's own life, it's own nature.
B000002ITG|4.0|This was the first zeppelin CD I bought, i wanted a quick intro to this  phenomenal band, but what occured to me about this release is that while  the individual tracks are excellent in thier own right and the sequencing  is both chronological and intelligent, the interviews on the third CD are  also a nice touch, to get an idea of what made zeppelin truly great you  have to treat their music in its individual entities, basically getting the  original albums which show clearly that the last thing Zeppelin were was a  singles band.  Their albums as any seasoned listener would tell you have a  power of their own and the way they move by themselves is what zeppelin is  really about, their mystique and their brilliance in the  studio.<br />Nevertheless, this is a solid and good collection of songs from  their catalogue with many of the favourites here, making it very good for  beginners.  But beleive me, this selection will only get you so far, and to  really appreciate this bands music to the full you have to buy the studio  albums.
B000002HJD|5.0|Jim Morrison is probably one of the best poets in english literature, if  not one of the most influential.  His style is like none we have seen  before, and many have tried to repeat it since.<br />In An American Prayer, we  have another view of his great talent.  This posthumous album is not one to  put to set a mood.  Once you start playing this album, it takes most of  your energy, and you're almost hypnotized, you have to listen to every word  he says, every beat John Densmore, Robby Krieger and Ray Manzarek added to  this poetry showcase.<br />I must say they have done a great job adding the  music to Jim's texts.
B00003CWTH|2.0|This random amalgamation of events and people had several good moments and does cause one to reflect on the chaos that is life, that part was about 20  minutes of the movie.  Random things happen...I randomly paid 7.00 for a  movie that left me gasping for plot, meaning and reason.   <br />In the end  the viewer is left wanting back 3 hours of life,...the joke is on us.
0140186409|5.0|Steinbeck is one of the best American author.  He has a definite talent to tell a story and when you read the effort he went through to write this  book, you learn to appreciate it even more, not that you won't appreciate  it otherwise, but it's always nice to know the background of a certain  book.  The story he is telling probably happened more than a hundred times,  that's why it is so powerful, because we know that it is true.  That's what  makes it a true American tragedy.<br />The chapters in which he gives us the  Joad's story are really compelling and interesting.  But what really makes  this book stand out above other is the even more powerful chapters where he  tells the story without giving any names just for us to know that the Joads  are not the only one in the samew situation.<br />Even if this book is very  long (600 pages or so), it is still very interesting with no straining and  lowpoints.  The constant switching between the3 two types of chapters helps  build a unique rhythm.<br />Definetely a two thumbs up.
B0000024JN|5.0|You can't really knock this Cd. So what-?-? On this tape the Beasties are  at their most immature-- rappin' about lots of stuff... but mainly girls  and getting loaded..... &quot;You've got to fight for your right to  party...&quot; and all of that.... <br />So it's before MCA and the boys found  Milarepa and Tibet and stopped killing stuff.... so its before they found  jazz and the Dust Brothers.... so its before Paul's Boutique-- which might  be the best CD ever put together....<br />this album is tight and a lot of fun  to listen to... and if you're like thirteen or growing up in a swamp in  Indiana and never heard this-- buy it! (My own personal swamp was a hill in  WVa....)
0812551508|5.0|A great book, it's amazing how a dream can create such an incredible story.  When I say forget the movies, it's because in the movies, even the  original one with Boris Karloff, there is many things that are not in the  book.  For example, in the book, there is no lightning revival of the body,  there is no hunchback assistant, it doesn't take place in some mystical  castle on the edge of a cliff, but in a small student apartment.  And, in  my opinion, that is what makes it a great book.  Allow me to  explain.<br />First, since the story is told by Dr Frankenstein to his new  friend, Robert Walton, and since he feels ashame of himself, Dr  Frankenstein is not willing to reveal his secret to anyone, nor say how it  happened, because he fears someone might repeat his experience. That gives  Dr Frankenstein a humanity which he doesn't have in the movies.  In the  different films, he looks more like a crazy fanatic scientist than anything  else.<br />Second, the fact that there is no hunchback is good because  otherwise that shows how alone he was, how desperate his quest was that he  didn't want anyone else involved in it.  Hhe purposely isolated himself so  not to bring to many attention on his research.<br />Third, you see that Dr  Frankenstein is not a crazy scientist living in a desolated castle, but  rather a young scientist still in university.<br />Finally, one thing I  liked as well is that the monster is not, as in the movies, a grunting 8  foot man with bolts sticking out of his neck who scares people off without  any reason.  The monster is an articulate men who reads, talks, writes  english perfectly.  You know why he hates humanity that much, because he's  been treated so badly by everyone.<br />All in all, a fantastic book, a great  story.
B000002KDI|4.0|This is a live album, with both acoustic and electric songs. The acoustic  songs are really relaxing tunes, good compositions and the form a real  balance to the electrical stuff on this album. The recording quality is not  that good but it is still one of the best live albums of the seventies I  think. Worth listening to, but I'd prefer one of his later live albums like  'Rust never sleeps' or 'Weld'.
B000002B35|4.0|It is a very good album, but not necessarily equal.  The first CD starts  with Shine on you Crazy Diamond, one of their best songs.  Then you can  skip to the tenth song and eleveth song, High Hopes and Another brick in  the wall(Part 2), because between the second ans ninth song, the only good  moments are only Learning to fly and Hey You. The rest is just about the  same as on Division Bell except with some clapping and cheering, all in  all, not totally what you could expect.<br />However the second CD is very  strong, only because it is powered by the ever great Dark Side of the Moon.   The quality of the original songs makes it almost impossible to dislike  this live version, but you cannot compare it to the original version, it  doesn't have the power that it once had.
B000002KDG|5.0|This is a live album, recorded on various gigs, with both acoustic and  electric songs. The acoustic songs are really relaxing tunes, good  compositions and the form a real balance to the electrical stuff ont this  album (like Hey hey, Welfare Mothers). If you want to discover two sides of  Neil Young, this is the album to have. It shows Neil Young at his best:  live, electric and acoustic.
B000002A3T|3.0|Unfortunately, Division Bell is the kind of album that you can play at a  decent volume and totally forget that it's playing as it is a mood setter.   It's not as compelling as Dark Side of The Moon, for which you had no  choice but to listen to. It's a good effort, better than Momentary Lapse of  Reason (but is that very hard to do) but still not what Pink floyd was  before.   I got the feeling that they were trying too much to sound like  the older albums, but, in a world where music evolves so quickly, trying to  sound like the past is not always a good thing, especially for Pink Floyd,  who has always tried to find new ways, new sounds, standing still or  hanging back is never a good sign, or at least a sign that they maybe  losing touch.<br />Still there is some good songs, but like I say, it's not  Pink Floyd as we know it.
B000002LMK|5.0|This album was my introduction to Neil Young. Its roughness, its emotion,  his anger, everything comes out in one masterpiece! Country home is an  excellent opening where Young shows his roots in a fresh and open way.  F#ckin' up shows his anger, Love to burn shows anger, hope, fear, love...  And all on one album! To me it's a very personal album. I seen him  performing live about a year ago and on stage he shows what music can do. I  hope he is going to make more albums like this one (I don't like his older  stuff)! Just buy it and play it loud!
B000003BF4|5.0|This was my introduction to the Stones - I bought it when I was a curious  teenage rock and roller because it had a lot of songs I recognized.  Over  twenty years later, this album still sends a chill of excitement down my  spine during the climactic &quot;Street Fighting Man.&quot;  I read one of  the &quot;professional&quot; reviews prior to writing this and was  disappointed that the performance was called &quot;sloppy.&quot;   Personally, I'd like to know why a live album must sound like a studio  album?  Why do listeners want the group to play the song exactly like they  did in the studio?  I want the album to sound as raw as the show would.  I  want the band to follow the energy the crowd generates and play the songs  the way that night inspires them.  I find this album to be a perfect  example of a band playing with the intensity and urgency the Stones  certainly must've felt headlining Madison Square Garden on this huge tour  undertaking.  The band sounds tight and you'll never hear a finer Keith  Richards performance.   This is one of the five best live albums ever and  demonstrates quite clearly why, at least on this album, they deserved the  title of &quot;World's Greatest Rock and Roll Band.&quot;
B00002MZ2T|5.0|To me, Affirmation is one of the most deeply moving collections of music that I have ever heard.  Savage Garden really outdo themselves in this new  album.  I love all of their songs, and each one is distinctly individual  and has merit all of its own.  In my opinion, 'I knew I loved you' and  'Crash and Burn' are not the best songs on the cd, even though they are the  hit songs on the pop charts.  But Savage Garden is distinctly  individualistic--this is not some put-together teeny bopper band!  And they  appeal to all kinds of listening audiences, mainly because they don't  conform to a typical stereotype.  They dare to be themselves, and still are  #1!
B00001R3GI|5.0|By far the greatest Stones album in a catalog full of high points, Exile On Main Street provides the listener with all of the best things the Stones  ever laid down.  You have country, blues, rock, and gospel influences mixed  into a murky stew of swagger, drugs, danger, pleading, and salvation...a  recipe for America.
B000001FI7|5.0|... want to find away, to purchase this album.<br />In the 6 years since it's  release, DUMMY has gained a place as a creation of modern musical  genius.<br />The prodigal Geoff Barrow, accompanied by the tortured voice of  Beth Gibbons, delivers the darkest - yet most simplistic - mood to be  experienced in the world of popular music.<br />The perfect lyrics of  &quot;SOUR TIMES&quot;, &quot;WANDERING STAR&quot;, AND &quot;ROADS&quot;  seem to call upon a purity that we all know is impossible to gain, yet we  strive for on a personal basis.<br />Maybe it's a bit strange to think of a  soundtrack for the abyss between heaven and hell - but if you were to  called to, DUMMY would be a front runner.<br />Listen to it when your happy,  sad, ill, ecstatic.  It'll strike you every time.
B00004TVV1|5.0|The BEST Jazz CD Set since &quot;Ellington at Newport '56 [complete]&quot;  This is required music for any Ellington or Armstrong Fan.   Armstrong's  &quot;All-Stars&quot; really are impressive here. The best Non Ellington  band ive herad play with Duke, ever.  Trummy Young and Armstrong really do  play some mean horn. Armstrong gives Duke lots of room to embellish (not  something Ellington ever was fanatical about) and the whole set is a  pleasure to listen to.<br />SUPERB!
B0000028WD|5.0|I do not own a Dylan album/cd, but when I saw this video on VH-1, I had to  have it. Stevie Wonder's version of Blowin in the Wind was fantastic (with  the exception of his political statement). Mellencamp blew the roof off the  house with Like a Rollin Stone, and Lepoard Skin Pill Box Hat.  Carpenter,Colvin,Cash sold me on the CD with You aint Goin Nowhere. Top it  off with Clapton,Chrissy Hynde and Neil Young and this CD is the buy of the  decade. My first and only Dylan associated CD. The only other recording  with Dylan that comes close, is the hard to find Westwood One superstar's  series with Bob Dylan and Tom Petty and the Heartbreakers.
B00003CWNR|5.0|This film was the best in 1999, and possibly the best in several years. Wonderfully portrayed by all involved, the film takes you into their world  and you are very reluctant to leave when it is over. Cider House Rules  expresses the fact that life is made up of shades of gray, not black and  white. And that one must live with one's own decisions and make the best  choices  based on not what others say, but what we feel is right in our  hearts. Tobey Maguire is the ultimate Homer Wells. He brings such depth to  every role he plays, but I believe this is my favorite so far. He is a good  bet to keep your eye on in the future. <br />Doctor Larch could only be  Michael Caine. The part is him. No other. I could go on...but you must see  for yourself. If you don't, you are truly cheating yourself of a very rich  experience that will affect you for some time to come.
B0000028WD|5.0|I do not own a Dylan album/cd, but when I saw this video on VH-1, I had to  have it. Stevie Wonder's version of Blowin in the Wind was fantastic (with  the exception of his political statement). Mellencamp blew the roof off the  house with Like a Rollin Stone, and Lepoard Skin Pill Box Hat.  Carpenter,Colvin,Cash sold me on the CD with You aint Goin Nowhere. Top it  off with Clapton,Chrissy Hynde and Neil Young and this CD is the buy of the  decade. My first and only Dylan associated CD. The only other recording  with Dylan that comes close, is the hard to find Westwood One superstar's  series with Bob Dylan and Tom Petty and the Heartbreakers.
038533348X|4.0|I had heard of Kurt Vonnegut for some time, and decided to subjectively decide upon his brilliance. I chose Cat's Cradle as my introduction to the  crazy world of Vonnegut, and I must say that I was impressed. His writing  is witty, funny, and unique. His cast of characters were unbelievable and  hilarious. His comments on religion, politics, science, etc. were profound  and thought provoking. Vonnegut's genius only takes precedence in your mind  days after you have finsihed this work, as you constantly anaylze his  statements and beliefs. It has been a long time since I have had to anaylze  a novel, but Cat's Cradle serves as an interesting piece to dwell upon.
B000002GOZ|4.0|The thing that gets me is Bryan Adams has such great music but I can not  find the sheet music for one song that I love and would love in my wedding-   When you love someone.  If anyone who reads this review has it, please  contact me somehow jodi_cullen@ hotmaicom<br />But this CD is worth the money  and definately Bryan Adams is till great!
B00000K2W1|5.0|I think this CD is great &quot;pearl&quot; is also very good but &quot;Greatest Hits&quot; has most of those songs on it plus more!  I'd have to say that janis joplin is one of the greatest blues artists &amp;  all of her albums are worth owning.I fell in love with &quot;me and Bobby  Mcghee&quot; thats when I looked her up on amazon.com she is awsome...
B00004RFDW|5.0|Combining a human drama and a capitalist dilemma, The Insider is a tour de force in its display of the paradox between corporations keeping corporate  &quot;secrecy&quot; and telling the truth. Russell Crowe and Al Pacino  deliver powerful, unforgettable performances as a CBS news producer(Pacino)  and a big tobacco whistle blower(Crowe). The story encompasses the personal  descision made by former tobacco exectutive Jeffery Wigand who blows the  whistle on his former tobacco employers at a high personal cost, while  simoultaniously nakedly exposing the conflict in many news rooms between  telling the truth and corporate interests. The Insider digs deep into media  ethics, asks the question as to who really is in charge of what we as a  public see and hear and makes one wonder if our beloved capitalist country  has become a corporate &quot;Frankenstein.&quot; This film is a hit anyway  you cut it, and will have audiences,not to mention journalism students,  debating the messages in this for years to come. Kudos to director Michael  Mann and to an outstanding supporting performance by Christopher Plummer  who delivers a PLUM of a performance as 60 minutes anchor Mike wallace.
1577311523|5.0|The most profound book I have ever read. As the Heart knows, there is and always has been One, and only One Teaching. Nowhere have I seen it  more  succintly, eloquently and clearly presented than in the pages of this book.  If I had a choice of only one book to take with me, alone, to an isolated  desert island, it would be THE POWER of NOW. (NOW=WON=ONE). Within the  context of verbal language, this is as good as it gets. Words properly used  as symbols to point beyond themselves to that which can never be captured  in words, i.e. REALITY. This is DIVINE TRANSMISSION in book form. Prepare  yourself for radical transformation on the way to the bookstore or as you  wait for the mailman's delivery.
0780624890|4.0|Yet another film taken out of the pages of a comic book, right? Well, yes it is but don't automatically trash it, like so many critics have. That's  the easy thing to do. That would be agreeing with the elitist thinking,  &quot;comics are low-brow literature&quot;. Blade is as far from trash as  you can get. It exudes more style than James Bond in a tuxedo; admittedly  it is a more violet style than James is used to. We actually get to see  some blood. And God forbid any blood should sully James'  Tux.<br /><br />Blade on the other hand, is a half formed vampire who's  leather and steel outfit is designed to weather a storm of blood, and  sometimes that becomes very necessary. Let's face it, if you've dedicated  your life to  eradicating blood sucking supermen, you have to pack more  than a silk shirt and a charming smile. You might want a titanium sword,  silver spikes, a razor blade boomerang and an automatic shotgun with garlic  laced rounds. And that's just for going to the shops... nothing  special.<br /><br />Wesley Snipes plays Blade in this kick-ass film. He's your  basic looser that has turned to violence in an effort to give meaning to  his life. Not that he had a choice, it was either that or start drinking  blood and surrender his soul. Snipes makes a believable Blade. He's  constantly on the edge of violence. Hate defines his life but you can see  he would like to be anywhere else, maybe even dead, if that was an  acceptable option.<br /><br />He's ably helped by a member of the last  generation of vampire hunters, Whistler, played by Kris Khristofferson.  Whistler has been ill-used by life and it shows. He's almost worn down to  the bone. His mission is all that keeps him going; that, and his love for  Blade. So when a sexy haematologist is dragged in after a vampire's attack,  Whistler is understandably a little jealous. Although he doesn't live to  know it, she is actually his successor. The Doc becomes Blade's future  minder and her knowledge of blood is put to good use during the major  conflict of Blades Career.<br /><br />Apparently there is dissension in the  vampire ranks. The internal politics of their race is not well fleshed out  in the film, so we never really understand the century old traditions of  the eleven tribes within the House of Erebus. What is clear, is that the  old guard is struggling in the face of some new blood. Stephen Dorff plays  Deacon Frost, an entrepreneuring vampire who has aspirations which scare  all the true-blood family patriarchs.<br /><br />Dorff is amazing in this  role. He burns up the screen as a vicious, and yet strangely refined,  killer. He becomes the epitome of modern evil; amoral, hedonistic and a  dedicated capitalist. He is the royalty of the city's underbelly and there  are plenty of wannabe young vampires who are more than willing to worship  at his feet. The original draft of the film  had Frost reborn in the  unearthly form of a liquid Blood God. But test audiences had grown so  attached to Dorff as the bad guy, that the film lost all its tension when  he left. So, a little more filming and a quick edit later, Dorff is back in  the centre of things, right till the end.<br /><br />The Blood God is what  it's all about for Deakon Frost. He is tired of hiding in the shadows and  waits impatiently for the day when Vampires can openly rule the world. The  Blood God offers this hope. An ancient ritual which, once complete, will  create the ultimate vampire. A being that can face the sun without fear, is  virtually indestructible and will lead a vanguard of monsters across the  face of the earth. Unfortunately they need the blood of the &quot;Day  Walker&quot; to perform the ceremony. No prizes for guessing who the Day  Walker turns out to be. Hence, Blade must risk more than just his life with  every battle. Frost welcomes Blade's every attack as a small price to gain  another opportunity for his blood.<br /><br />This is a film that is great  because it is basedon a great comic. The story has just as much depth as  blood, and it makes no bones about the coolness of immortal killers in  black. But it also brings their inherent evil to the fore. Not all evil is  sick and repulsive; some is vibrant and attractive. A clearer definition  for temptation I can't think of. Watch this movie with an open mind and you  might feel the pull of it. Try to resist.. The story has just as much depth as  blood, and it makes no bones about the coolness of immortal killers in  black. But it also brings their inherent evil to the fore. Not all evil is  sick and repulsive; some is vibrant and attractive. A clearer definition  for temptation I can't think of. Watch this movie with an open mind and you  might feel the pull of it. Try to resist.
B00000DGUM|3.0|40 Season's is a good representation of the music that Skid Row has  recorded over the last decade. Unfortunately, the mix of songs could have  been better for the Greatest Hits compolation.<br />Tracks 1 - 10 are all  excellent songs but 11 - 16 are not even remotely close to being as good as  the previous tracks.<br />Sebastian Bach may always be considered one of the  greatest front men in a rock and roll band but, After Slave to the Grind,  Skid Row's 2nd CD, Sebastian seemed to have lost some of his vocal range  and it is plainly represented on the mediocre Subhuman Race tracks on this  CD.<br />Bottomline, if you buy this, prepare to track through the last 3rd of  the songs on the CD.  Otherwise, stick to the first two releases from Skid  Row and you will have a better representation of this bands greatest hits.
B000002G23|5.0|The Police - what a band.  My favorite guitarist, favorite drummer, and  then the king of all pompous Englishmen - Gordon Sumner.  While neither my  favorite vocalist or bassist, he still is the irreplaceable third piece  (and main songwriter - however, Copeland &amp; Summers wrote some great  stuff, too - ie, &quot;Miss Gradenko&quot;) of this mega-band.<br />As already  noted, this set is NOT complete, but it works better than any of the 300  &quot;greatest hits&quot; albums these guys keep releasing.  Enough  already!<br />Try sticking all 4 of these disks into your system and hitting  the 'random' button - 'O My God' - musical ecstasy!  <br />From their crusty  Henri Padovani days through the aborted &quot;Every Breath You Take - The  Singles&quot; re-mix session(s), this is a Police fan's dream.  Singles  heard of and read about are now available - like &quot;A Sermon&quot; (love  the moment when Sting says, &quot;You needn't bother!&quot;), &quot;Dead  End Job&quot; (filled with rage - love Summers: &quot;Electrical Supervisor  required at the BAAAAA...&quot;), ETC!<br />This is something to buy, folks.   I don't give five star ratings often.
067942850X|5.0|One of the best books I have ever read.  I found myself completely engrossed by the true story of a man who wanted something more out of life  than a well-manicured lawn and a three car garage.  If your looking for a  thought-provoking read, than this is the book.  I will read it again and  again.
0312243022|1.0|I bought this book because of the story line given on the back, however the book was so boring and poorly written I couldn't even finish it.  The  story line on the back really had nothing to do with the story itself.  A  word to the wise, whoever is doling out awards for writing sure didn't read  this book.
B00000IAU3|5.0|I bought this album a couple of months ago through Amazon, knowing only two songs through the WB's hit TV show 'Roswell'.  Instantly 'Here With Me'  and 'Honestly OK' hit a nerve, and I almost started watching the show just  for the theme song! To sum it up for others interested I'd call it moody,  definitely one for fans of slow paced songs with meaning, and after  listening to it, it's sound has a profoundly lingering effect. 'Honestly  OK', 'Hunter' and 'Don't Think Of Me' stand out above the rest, but when it  comes down to it, it's one of those rewarding but rare releases where you  can listen and love each offering on the album.  Dido is a breath of fresh  air.  It's a relief to know money's being well spent and it's an appealing  change from those rather monotonous songs that appear on radio, who seem to  always have them on repeat.
B000002KNU|5.0|Me and my friends and more enlighted college roomates eagerly embraced the Heads and other early retro-pop/new wavers in the mid to late '70s  (Blondie, Elvis Costello, Joe Jackson. etc.) and harder punk stuff like The  Ramones, Dictators, Television, Tuff Darts etc. as welcome refuge from the  god-awful disco/Elton John dominated times. We enjoyed going into the city  to see many of these acts at CBGBs.  This is easily the best of their early  efforts, still sounds great, and has really stood the test of time. If you  have only been exposed to the later Heads stuff (when they became more  mainstream) I think you would really enjoy this album for the great music  and as an interesting prelude to what was to come. I was lucky to see them  perform all of the tunes from this album when they played a large room with  about 150 folding chairs set up in the Rutgers student center in fall of  '77 (think admission was $1.50). You just knew that you just saw something  special that you hoped would continue to grow, flourish, and be appreciated  by a wider audience, which is what happened.  I can still picture David  Byrne singing all of the songs while perched on his tippy toes and  apologizing that the enthusiastic call for more encores couldn't be met  because they &quot;didn't know any more songs&quot;. Memorable stuff.
630516889X|5.0|After having seen this movie innumerable times since it first came out, I can point out many inconsistencies in the storyline but there's no denying  the enojoyability of the movie. The only bad link in the movie (I noticed  this the very first time I saw it) it the scene where they show a  &quot;mushroom cloud.&quot; That was the worst special effect I had seen in  a long time! It was a badly painted picture that was apparent as the  daylight on a big movie screen.<br />Good movie to enjoy with the boys!
B000003N89|5.0|I first bought this album with a bit of hesitation as to whether I would  like it or not. It took a few listens to really appreciate and enjoy the  CD.  Now, however, it is one of my all-time favorite CDs.  It is almost as  if you are listening in some intimate jazz club. Krall's rich alto vocals  really shine whether she is singing a slow ballad or a more upbeat song.   All in all, a wonderful CD and a must-have for any jazz music fan.
B00000K19E|5.0|I guess my biggest complaint with Matrix is that inspite of a big budget and veteran action producer Joel Silver, the Wachowski brother played it too safe. Maybe they were afraid of isolating the mainstream viewer if the storyline was too radical. I personally feel that they could have been bolder and done decent business.<br />Matrix is a awe inspiring cyber-adventure, full of kinetic excitement, and borrows the gravity-defying choreography reminiscent of John Woo movies, but the ending could be considering anti-climactic by some. It's kind of a letdown when a movie begins by redefining the nature of reality, and ends with a shoot-out. Movie-goers want a leap of the imagination, not one of those obligatory climaxes. <br />It's great-looking, both in its design and in the kinetic energy that powers it. One of the main advantages of getting the DVD is to watch John Gaeta work his magic! He used flawlessly integrated special effects and animation to visualize regions of cyberspace. It creates fearsome creatures, including mechanical octopi. It morphs bodies with the abandon of \\"Terminator II.\\" It uses f/x to allow Neo and Trinity to run horizontally on walls, and hang in the air long enough to deliver karate kicks. It has leaps through space, thrilling sequences involving fights on rooftops, helicopter rescues and battles over mind control. If my memory serves me right, Gaeta is the first one to film special effects sequences with 30+ camera simultaneously shooting at 12000 frames per second!<br />And it has performances that find the right notes. Keanu Reeves goes for the impassive Harrison Ford approach, \\"acting\\" as little as possible. Laurence Fishburne finds a balance between action hero and Zen master. Carrie-Anne Moss, as Trinity, has a sensational title sequence, before the movie recalls that she's a woman and shuttles her into support mode. Hugo Weaving, as the chief Agent, uses a flat, menacing tone that almost sounded like he is straining to find an Americanaccent :) <br />This is strictly a personal choice but there could have been action sequences balanced with an audacious conclusion, to arrive at revelation, not just victory. I wanted an ending that was transformational, like \\"Dark City's,\\" and not one that simply throws us a sensational action sequence. There is still hope though with the sequels currently in production (Part 2) and shooting (Part 3) stages.
B000002JSP|4.0|An interesting endeavor which infused Led Zeppelin's audacious style of  hard rock with a synthesizer sound that mirrors a new wave, coming eerily  before the new wave era got off the ground. Not the best final chorus of  such a champion band, but a very good piece of work that is different from  anything else in Led Zeppelin's catalogue.
B00004TWZG|4.0|I bought Leon without actually ever seeing this movie, mainly based on the fact that Luc Besson made made one of my alltime favorite movies, Fifth  Element. This directors cut had 24 minutes of additional footage from the  North American release, and me, not having seen that couldn't tell what was  actually added. I imagine it was some of the taboo scenes which other  reviewers have noted. The reason I gave it four stars was because there  were a few scenes in this movie that I really lost interest, but the action  sequences near the end really made the movie worth while to me. I would  suggest to rent this first if you have never seen it just to make sure its  your kind of film, but don't get me wrong, I do like this movie and am glad  that I bought it, I just wish I had the original release to compare it to,  to make a better review of this movie.
B000002JSP|4.0|An interesting endeavor which infused Led Zeppelin's audacious style of  hard rock with a synthesizer sound that mirrors a new wave, coming eerily  before the new wave era got off the ground. Not the best final chorus of  such a champion band, but a very good piece of work that is different from  anything else in Led Zeppelin's catalogue.
0425163407|2.0|This is the first Particia Cornwell book Ive read, and I think that this  might be my last.  Her attention to detail was spectacular but that was  about all that enchanted me.<br />Kay, the famous detective finds a body, but  just the torso in a landfill.  Later, she recieves anonymous e-mail with  pictures of cut-up woman, and finally... a strange virus...?<br />This book is  rather grotesque, and is dark.  Its not a book to read by the beach, and  its not heartwarming nor heartbreaking.<br />As a mystery novel, I felt that  Cornwell just needed the suspect.  There is not the &quot;oh my god, who is  doing this killing?!?&quot; kind of excitement nor can one do the usual  &quot;guessing&quot; of the suspect as in many detective novels.   <br />Perhaps for those reading Cornwell for the first time, this is not the  perfect book.
B00004SCX6|2.0|The answer is yes. She really did manage to make this cd as bad as the first. Sure; there are one or two &quot;good&quot; songs but overall, this  cd stinks. Britney's fake image (and other parts) is what teenage girls  look up to? She may have a voice...but no one said that voice was good.     If you're looking for song reviews; &quot;Lucky&quot; and the title song,  &quot;Oops!..I did it again&quot;, have very catchy beats and lyrics.  &quot;Satisfaction&quot; is a over-sexed song using &quot;uh&quot; between  every &quot;I can't get no&quot; and &quot;satisfaction&quot;. Just my  imagination or does Britney really want more than just fame?
0446525537|2.0|Nicholas Sparks...  So far known for his appeal to know what a woman wants and his heartbreaking plots... Hes accomplished that fairly well in A WALK  TO REMEMBER. But then, this one is different from his other two previous  bestsellers.<br />As with the other two previous novels, he has told the  female readers that not all men look for new lovers, and that there is such  thing as &quot;one true soulmate.&quot;   And again, he has a sad cry-able  ending, but is also heartwarming and satisfying at the same time.<br />BUT...  This book has a similar plot as the other two, and for those readers who  have read &quot;The Notebook&quot; and &quot;Message in a Bottle&quot; this  book will be a sort of dissappointment. It is a typical love-story plot:  Finally When You Find the Soulmate of your Life, She Isn't With You  Anymore.<br />&quot;I'm 57 years old, but even now I can remember everythiing  from that year, down to the smallest details. I re-live that year often in  my mind, bringing it back to life, and I realize that when I do, I always  feel a strange combination of sadness and joy... ...I am  Seventeen........&quot;<br />This is an excerpt from the 3-page prologue, and  there it is.  Your Plot.  For those readers who can foretell endings rather  easily, this book does not have any twists nor a compelling ending.   <br />Perhaps that this book is too short, or that I have become too used to  Sparks' writing after reading his other two.<br />But if you have read his  other books and cannot resist reading this one,<br />Dont hope for another  cry.<br />For those who havent read his other novels, Id suggest reading  &quot;The Notebook&quot; or &quot;Message in a Bottle&quot; first, since it  is a much better read, and the are, in my opinion, 4-5 star rating novels.
6305905401|1.0|I've never seen so many reviews telling me I'm dumb and illiterate for not liking a movie. I never realized literacy was so integral to watching film.  I had been under the impression that it was more important in reading the  book the film was based on (which I have, incidentally).<br />So, let me break  it down simply, being illiterate and all:<br />Movie bad. Book good. Read  book. Burn movie.
0385484518|2.0|I don't understand the glowing reviews this book has received.  Mitch  Albom's writing style is unimpressive and Morrie Schwartz's aphorisms are  trite.  I gave it 2 stars instead of 1, because the book is an easy read  and it does give some insight into the process of dying.  It also helped  pay for Mr. Schwartz's medical treatments and, for that alone, it's worth  purchasing.  There were several paragraphs that tugged at my heartstrings  but, overall, the book failed to touch me.
B00000K0EA|3.0|A pretty good Bond flick with a good villan. The action sequinces arn't as good as Goldeneye. to be honest their isn't anything in this film that  wasn't better in Goldeneye.<br />Brosnan gives a good performance as Bond  again and the character Wai Lin (Michelle Yeoh, Police Story 3) is one of  the best Bond girls. There are plenty of gadgets as well as a new BMW.  There are some good shots on the streets of Saigon where a over the top  Motor cycle chase happens. <br />Definatly not one of the best Bond films but  not too bad.
B000002579|5.0|One day I was listening to the radio, and Carry On Wayward Son was  playing...and the rest is history! This is my first Kansas album, but  certainly not my last. I usually only listen to songs with lots of meaning  to them, and this album delivers.
0440234743|3.0|John Grisham started with an interesting story, he just didn't follow it  all the way through until the end. I expected much more from him, as I have  loved his other books.<br />The jungle part of the book had me intrigued,  although it was a bit slow. The law part was confusing- too many lawyers  and children to keep straight. The character development was weak- no one  had any depth except for Nate O'Riley, and he was superficial.<br />If you're  a John Grisham fan, you will read the book no matter what I or anyone else  says (like I did!!) If you are just discovering him, I recommend that you  start with one of his other books.
B000002H97|5.0|This is my favorite Metallica album! I've listened to it for nearly 10  years, and when a tape or CD burned out on me, I got another. This album  has the meaning and riffage for any mood. Whether you wanna rock to Of Wolf  And Man and Enter Sandman, or enter the realm of the mind with Through The  Never and Wherever I May Roam. Or maybe listen to the sorrow of The  Unforgiven and Nothing Else Matters. I love every song on this CD! In fact,  if I had to, I'd buy 12 single CDs to complete the &quot;Black&quot;  experience.
B000001IPP|5.0|This CD is great. I love all the tracks on it, especially Sidekick,  Salvation, Tenderloin, and St. Mary. Rancid never fails to amaze me with  any of their albums. And this is certainly no exception. If you don't own  this cd, I recommend that you do, punk rock classics like this are rare.
B00004VW35|2.0|During this period of time, Young went through a febrile episode of trying  to be all things to all people. Such as a 'Fifties rocker  (&quot;Everybody's Rockin&quot;) and a Kraftwerk clone (&quot;Trans&quot;).  What I'm hearing in this album reminds me of a number of Eddy Arnold  singles my father owned when I was a kid. Young even brings in a fairly  faithful imitation of Hugo Winterhalter's orchestra as it backed Arnold on  Dad's old 45's. This is most noticeable in &quot;Wayward Wind&quot;.  There's only one problem. If you've already excelled in two other  styles--the pre-grunge of the Crazy Horse albums and the mellow but pointed  commentatator/ folkie--taking on other styles might not necessarily be such  a good idea. Versatility from Neil Young when we're expecting him to sound  like Neil (not Eddy, Buddy or Ralf und Florian)is a mixed blessing at best.
0385486804|2.0|In &quot;Into the Wild,&quot; Krakauer tries to delve into the minds of  really bland, plainly foolish people.  Even if he were remotely successful  (which he wasn't), why would anyone care about someone who wants to wonder  around the country and live a nomadic existance.  This book simply lists  boring events.  DON'T BOTHER.
B00000DHTF|4.0|This 4CD set is something that surprised most of the Bruce fans.It is  filled with rare outtakes,B-sides etc.Overall &quot;Tracks&quot; are great  experience with disc four as its highlight.Most of the 66 songs are  terrific with some exceptions(Bishop Danced,Car Wash).This product is  certainly worth buying.
0060974176|4.0|Great book.  I am no expert in manufacturing techniques, but I found the book readable, almost like a novel.  Gives a good insight into the car  industry up to 1990, and I would love to see a second edition of this,  given all the changes in the 90's.  <br />The only downside I could find is  that the book gets a little repetitive at the end.
6305949638|5.0|The Cider House Rules is a truly classic and beautiful film. The story-lines, acting, cinematography and scenery, the costumes, the wonderful performances by the children (most notably Erik Per Sullivan from TV's Malcom in the Middle), and the brilliant directing all make this film hearken back to the fantastic old-fashioned days of film-making. It is truly a feast for the eyes. <br />The film brings to life an era of our history when the voices of women were still pale shadows of the thundering voices of Men and &quot;the Law.&quot; But/for a few men sensitive to the plight of women, (and to that of the children which so depend upon them), women's voices weren't heard. This film focuses on two men who hear those voices, and who quietly listen while the voices are allowed to grow stronger. <br />This is Tobey Maguire's breakthrough role. He plays Homer Wells with quiet dignity and curiosity, and it's wonderful. Charlize Theron shines as Maguire's love interest, and Caine is perfect as Wilbur Larch. The role seems made for him, (as Homer Wells does for Maguire).<br />Swedish director Lasse Hallstrom does here what he did so brilliantly in Something to Talk About, ie: makes nature, the seasons, the snows of winter, the falling leaves of autumn, the sweet ripe sun of summer, all characters in themselves. Swedes are renowned nature-lovers, so this makes sense. Anyone doubting me should see Under the Sun (Under Solen), by Colin Nutley.<br />A classicly-acted and directed film, this film is one which I think will be looked back on in future years as one of the best films of the nineties. There are several complex and moving storylines, dealing with such issues as racism, abortion, adultery, incest, alcoholism/addiction, the power (both for good and for bad) of the Law, and, perhaps most importantly, the redemptive power of unconditional love. <br />The film does not boldly draw lines of right and wrong. In fact, much of the film's beauty and power lies in the shades of grey between. The film reflects on a moral world outside of the law, a law of humanity and compassion, of what is right despite what dusty judges in their chambers have decreed. Cider House beautifully lulls us along on a profound journey about human beings just trying to be good people, and the sacrifices which are sometimes made, and not always acknowledged, for them to succeed in doing so.<br />The Oscar-winning leads are fantastic, but the whole cast really shines here. Singer Erykah Badu's debut performance is excellent, and shows us that she has a successful future in acting waiting should she choose to quit her day job. Delroy Lindo's portrayal of an incestuous father is heart-breaking. And Paul Rudd gives a solid performance in a supporting role. <br />This is a film which, once seen, will always be remembered.<br />It reminds me of Titanic or Dead Poet's Society in that it just hits so many of the notes that movies are supposed to. The music, the acting, the scenery, the storylines. A timeless adaptation of a classic, humanist story. Five stars.
B00004TWZG|5.0|I had always liked &quot;the professional&quot;, though I thought that the american vesion was a little hollow with a disturbing underlying quality to  it.  After seeing the international version, I can hardly see Columbia  Pictures' justification for dumbing it down for american audiences (I can  understand it, but it was a very unnecessary tampering).  While the  american cut is &quot;ok&quot;, the full cut is just excellent.  The extra  24 minutes does quite a lot for the development of the characters and their  relationship.  Definitely a must-see.
B00001PE4D|4.0|There is something about the casting in this film, ie: every lead seems to fit their character perfectly.<br />Ryan Phillipe is great as the sexy and  manipulative Sebastian who falls for the one girl who doesn't fall for him.  <br />Reese Witherspoon is excellent as the virgin-in-waiting. Between her  performance here and that in last year's Election, she has proven herself  to be one of the most talented young actors around.<br />Overall, I think  Sarah Michelle Gellar steals the show here (my boyfriend agrees with me on  this one, believe me) as a conniving, two-faced, slithering sex godess who  gets hers. Let's just say The Verve's &quot;Bittersweet Symphony&quot; was  &quot;made&quot; for the ending of this film.<br />Of course, the film is over  the top and kinda silly. But it's great entertainment. And, as another  reviewer said, the cast is very sexy. (Let's not forget Selma Blair here,  who does a great job playing an &quot;innocent&quot; who is easily (and  very willingly) corrupted.)  <br />So to sum up, steamy movie, plot twists,  sex, a love story, beautiful homes, people, clothes and surroundings. A  shallow, sinful little way to spend an evening. Which is nice once in a  while, like a grande frapuccino, really sweet, but yummy.
B00003CXGG|5.0|I just watched this and I'm totally kicking myself for not having seen it at the theatre.  The story was good and the plot was just twisted enough to  keep you guessing at exactly who did what to whom until the very end.  I  liked the story.<BR>The fight and stunt scenes were nothing short of  amazing. I liked the scenes where the fighters seemed to hang in the air  and I thought they were done well - for the most part they were just  different enough to make you wonder if it was real or some kind of  effect.<BR>The bonus features on this DVD were some of the best I've seen.  There were several featurettes, international and US trailers (strange how  different they were) and lots of little pieces that were interesting and  informative without being overlong.  This is a truly great DVD!
6305949638|5.0|I just have to say that there are so many wonderful customer reviews for this movie. It's like being back in English class! I think the caliber of  reviews reflects on the caliber of the film, ie: very good quality.
B00004SZWB|5.0|This 1980 album is among the finest of its time...great melodies, smooth lyrics and one of the sexiest, 'cool' songs I've ever heard, ROCKET  LOVE...and no song can make you cry like LATELY...I wish the kids today had  such great music to listen to. &quot;July&quot; represented the end of the  'golden era' of Stevie, after which his releases became very erratic &amp;  uneven...This album is a must own for any true music lover (and lover of  love itself)!
B00000JGOJ|5.0|Playing By Heart is one of those little movies that you find at the video store by accident and are so glad you did. I remember seeing the previews  for it, and laughing out loud at the scenes between Gillian Anderson, the  heavenly Jon Stewart, and a big dog, who commenced to share the bed with  Stewart. The film had those laughs, and much more. It is not a deep film,  or a great classic, but it is a fun little romantic comedy about how to  find love and how to make it last.<br />If for no other reason, you should see  it for the actors. Where else can you find such a talented cast raging in  age from late teens to mid-60's, from former James Bonds, to Angelina  Jolie, to one of the ER docs, to Dana Scully herself? (I have to say it was  mighty funny to see Gillian Anderson acting nerdy and awkward. She's  usually so confident, and half of America is in love with her! But she did  great.)<br />The actors all do a nice job with this film. You get the  impression that it was their treat film they made for themselves for fun,  in between other projects. You can tell they loved working together.<br />Ryan  Phillipe and Angelina Jolie both do wondrously as a hip young couple (he  has blue hair, she has pink hair!) in an emotionally charged on-again,  off-again relationship. Jay Mohr gives a solid and realistic performance as  a terminally ill man coming to terms with his illness with the help of his  mother. I think this part of the film reminds us that life is short, and  that love is the most important thing, and that we shouldn't take either  for granted. Madeleine Stowe is good as the lonely housewife who is bonking  a pastor (Anthony Edwards). Dennis Quaid, as her husband, does a nice job,  shall we say, &quot;acting out.&quot; Gena Rowlands is, as always, touching  and elegant, and her hubby, Sean Connery, is cute as a button. They look so  good together, I'm surprised they're not actually married! <br />This film is  a great pick-me-up film. A probable chick flick, but I know guys who've  liked it a lot.
B000002MUW|5.0|By far the best Rhythm and Blues album a pop performer could do.  Madonna  keeps pushing that creative mind of hers into overdrive, this time with a  funky mix of R&amp;B, hip-hop, pop and even techno.  She's really done it  all when you hear this album.  It's her artistic vision in many different  shades.  The album wanders interestingly into new territories that I'm sure  Madonna never thought she would get into. <br />The album starts off with the  autobiographical account of fame &quot;Survival&quot;.  It's a very strong  track that's brilliantly upbeat dance with a funky twist.   &quot;Secret&quot; is one of her best singles ever.  A new direction  altogether with blues laced guitars and her most captivating singing ever.   She hooks you in with her voice.  Smooth production of urban hooks combined  with near trippy lightness make songs like &quot;Inside Of Me&quot;,  &quot;Forbidden Love&quot; and &quot;Sanctuary&quot; very interesting.   Each has a distinctive style that keeps the record following.  The return  to the dance floor is found on the disco grooves of &quot;Don't Stop&quot;.   Also worth note are her complicated yet brilliant singles &quot;Bedtime  Story&quot; and &quot;Human Nature&quot;.  &quot;Bedtime Story&quot; is a  Bjork co-penned number that really floats lightly from deep techno to dance  pop.  Madonna's sensitive voice really makes it operate well.  &quot;Human  Nature&quot; is hip hoppy trip with Madonna battling the censors and  critics armed with anger, honesty and cool jazzy production.  <br />The whole  album wraps up with the beautiful ballad &quot;Take A Bow&quot;. With the  help of Babyface, Madonna makes another heartbreaking ballad with lush  strings and a great combination of the two superstar's vocals.  That's  something that just can't be bought.  Another hugely diverse collection  from the woman that changed the face of pop.  I think it's easy to say that  it was the help of the hip producers (Dallas Austin, Nelle Hooper, and the  one's mentioned), but it's Madonna's artistic vision that makes the album  flow so greatly while other pop albums with various producers sound clunky  and mixed.  It's a romantic mix of tragedy and hope all in one that manages  to all fit together perfectly.     Check out Madonna's best album if not  second best after &quot;Erotica&quot;.
B0000033WC|4.0|Everyone knows that this album is different from the previous VU albums.   Mo Tucker isn't on this recording, John Cale left after the 2nd album, Lou  Reed only sings on about half of the songs (Doug Yule sings on the others),  and these songs are more pop rock than their signature experimental rock  sound.  I would give the usual Loaded release only 3 stars, but I give this  one 4 because the bonus tracks are a big improvement. Lou Reed sings on all  of the songs on the 'alternate version' of the album on disc 2.  Although  they are less polished than usual releases, these songs are closer to what  we're used to.  Get this version of the album, you'll be happy you did!
B00000IAU3|5.0|I bought this CD based on Dido's previous work with Faithless, a great  band by the way, and the &quot;Here with me&quot; track that I heard on MTV  last year.  I wasn't disappointed.  All that's great about UK trip-hop is  featured here along with some strong songs and great voice.  Best track by  a whisker is &quot;Hunter&quot; but the excellent &quot;Thank You&quot;  (featured on &quot;Stan&quot; by Eminem) and &quot;Don't think of me&quot;  push them close. Get out and buy this record - you won't be disappointed!   (And Dido's even better live!)
0880389052|5.0|I must tell you, I'm a real freak of fantasy novels, and I was always sure that the 6 first books of the  Dragonlane series are the best ever. Until I  read Homeland, This books takes you into the heroes mind in a matter that  no book ever did. Salvatore writing alowes you to go through everything  Drizzt goes through. Since i read this book I have joined the hugh club of  Drizzt fans I just have to read every book concerning him. for conclusion:  READ IT FAST!   Only one catch: when you start reading Drizzt novels you'll  find it hard liking anything else..
0792151712|5.0|Well, not excatly, but what I mean is the story of it isn't lost in the dark somewhere anymore. First off,  it's such a beautiful story, that it  really should be one of the best movie ever made. (If you don't think   that,you personally have bad taste in movies-and I mean REALLY bad  taste.)True, they're was imperfections, like how Rose and Jack could have  fallen in love in two days, and how Rose looked about five to ten years   older than him. Also, I didn't like the script THAT much, but it was pretty  good. The story was just the best, though. Even though the parts with Old  Rose might have been unnessicary, it wouldn't have been what it was if they  didn't show them. The filming of it  was the best I've EVER seen, and the  effects just looked so real. The acting was OK, not the best I've seen,  though<br />I'd also like to say, that &quot;TITANIC&quot; WAS historical   enough. In fact it was almost TOO historical. For all you people out there  who said it wasn't, what do you want, a man sitting in front of the screen  reading out facts about it? Oh, wow how exciting! I'm sure it would have  made $600 million too! &quot;Titanic&quot; was WAY historical enough, and  besides it's a movie, who  wants to concintrate on the facts the whole  time?  You people have no imagination. The people who said there was no  Rose and Jack on it, don't either, and the obviously don't know that most  people in movies are made up. If there was a movie made on someone who was  on it, it wouldn't half been half has interesting. I recall Molly Brown  only being showed in a small amount of scences, because she didn't have  enough of a story to tell. (I've forgotten about the movie with that Debbie  girl because it wasn't that good.) <br />Also, the movie DID make sense, and  even though Leo was just there for teenage girls, so what? It still had a  great plot. Besides more that half of teenagers I know hate this film now,  and millions of SMART adults seem to enjoy it. <br />Also, a tip to reviewers,  we DON'T need to know the size of your T.V., or how you've wasted 3 hours  of  your time on this movie (oh, no my life is over-3 hours!), or how good  how good the Matrix is, because you  couldn't pay me to see that. <br />THE
B000002HRE|1.0|Soldoutica - Wussica - MTVfriendlyica - Getarealbassplayerica -  Larsisanidiotica - Watereddownica ---- Please just quit now! I'm so tired  of spinning in my grave!
6305627401|1.0|This has to be the most disgusting piece of garbage I have ever had to sit through.  The plotline was basically a collage of anything and everything  objectionable that the producers could think up --- and everything they  thought up made it in.  There seems to have been no limit to the depth that  they were willing to plunge to purportedly get laughs.<br />A complete waste  of time.
0790729628|5.0|This is one of those classic movies that I will always have in my personal collection, be it VHS, DVD, or whatever comes next.  I never saw this movie  in the theater, and it's really a shame b/c one of the most stunning  qualities of the movie is its dark, noir description of the future Los  Angeles.  The contrast with current LA is partiucularly striking if you've  ever been there b/c one thing LA is NOT is dark.  Harrison Ford delivers  what I think is one of his best performances in this movie, and Rutger  Hauer is a fantastic villan, particularly becuase of the character's  vulnerability.<br />One comment about the Director's Cut versus the theatrical  release: I would not have understood this movie without the cheesy overdub  of Deckard's commentary.  However, this version adds a crucial scene which  changes the interpretation of the movie entirely.  I highly recommend you  watch both this version and the original.
B00003CXGG|2.0|I really expected more..  The fight scenes look a lot like puppets hanging with strings defying gravity and the laws of physics. I mean it was  acceptable in the Matrix because the story line dictated it, but it's not  so acceptable here though.<br />The plot is weak and does not nail you to your  seat as an action movie. You can easily go open the door for the pizza  delivery without stopping it and continue watching the movie without  missing a thing.<br />In summary, if you had 2 options: 1) To watch this  movie. Or 2) Go buy vegetables at the supermarket... I would choose option  2.
B000001FI7|5.0|Beth Gibbons takes the listener on a journey through a woman's heart when  darkness is the light that finds you. &quot;Refusing to surrender, strung  out until ripped apart, a mother's son has sheared  me...&quot;<br />&quot;Mysterons&quot; sets the mood with the gripping melodic  eeriness of the thereman. &quot;Dummy&quot; exposes the fragility and  nakedness of a heart drenched in fear and tormented by the fires of desire.  Resulting in a struggle between a mirror that has many faces, and the  unfair cruelties of being condemned by the one you love. Smothered in  sorrow, heartache and bewildered love doesn't always shine through. In the  end a flower blossoms in the light of day. To you with love, my luv.
0767827791|3.0|It's a lot of fun watching &quot;Picnic&quot;, for nostalgia's sake if nothing else. People from a certain generation can remember where they  first saw the movie, who they saw it with, and they remember the  &quot;Moonglow/Picnic&quot; theme emanating from every existing radio and  juke box. The film was based on a Broadway play that had a titillating  reputation because of its plot of a physical hobo's seduction of a rural  beauty queen in flat, 1950's Kansas. Alas, &quot;Picnic&quot; has not aged  well -- like so many of the dramas of William Inge, a highly respected  playwright of the Fifties whose fame is rapidly receding into oblivion.  (Inge committed suicide in 1973.) As Americana it's still effective (and  the highlight of the movie is James Wong Howe's photography), but as drama  it has lost a lot of its original punch. Today people seem to be split  regarding not only the script but the casting, particularly William Holden  in the role of Hal. I think it's one of Holden's best roles, a part that  might have been tailor-made for him. It's been stated that he looks much  older than Cliff Robertson (in his film debut) who plays his rich pal Alan  from college. (Holden was, in fact, seven years older than Robertson.) But  Alan is suppose to have spent his years since college sitting behind a desk  and playing golf, whereas Hal has been riding boxcars. Hey, you'd look  older, too! (The role of Hal was originated on Broadway by tough guy Ralph  Meeker, who was a couple of years younger than Holden. Alan was played by  Paul Newman, no less.) The male casting in &quot;Picnic&quot;, including  Arthur O&quot;Connell recreating his stage role, is fine. It's the distaff  side that's puzzling, despite the fact that Betty Field is quite good as  the heroine's weary, wary mother. The problems start with Kim Novak and  Susan Strasberg as Madge and Millie Owens, respectively. To begin with, I  don't believe for two minutes that they are sisters. And they are  definitely not from Kansas. Kim Novak looks like what she was: a starlet on  location. Susan Strasberg is too pretty to play an ugly duckling, and her  acting betrays the affectations of the Actors Studio influence. Then  there's Rosalind Russell. Possibly the director Joshua Logan was in awe of  her many successes (she had just starred in the hit Broadway musical  &quot;Wonderful Town&quot;), but she had to be very carefully controlled or  she'd take off like a St Bernard on a leash, dragging the hapless director  behind her. That's what happens here. As long as she was playing a zany  like Mame Dennis she could strut and mug to her heart's content, but  Rosemary is a sensitive person who (like Hal) hides her fear of aging and  loneliness behind bravado. Miss Russell lays on the slapstick and turns the  characterization into a caricature. (The New York Rosemary was probably  more interesting, played by the quirky character actress Eileen Heckart.)  The episode where Rosemary literally begs her long-time beau to marry her  should be touching, but because the character has been vulgarized the scene  barely squeaks by. Actually, the same could be said for the whole ending.  Mrs Owens warns her daughter about the future -- the drinking, the other  women -- but Millie urges her sister to follow her heart. And so we find  Madge, wearing a brave smile, boarding a bus to take off after Hal, who has  hopped yet another freight train. (Inge's original bittersweet ending was  much more ambivalent.) 1950's Hollywood, of course, could have found a cozy  ending for &quot;Medea&quot;, so the picture concludes with Hal and Madge  heading for the same destination and, it is implied, a rosy future. But one  can't help thinking that, even if they do get married, it's all going to be  just like Mama said. Life for Hal and Madge is going to be ... no picnic.
156511129X|5.0|Kate Winslet who also starred in Sense and Sensiblity lent her beautiful  voice for this great story.  The story of two sisters who find love and  heartbreak, but also find a stronger friendship within themselves.  If you  liked the movie you'll most likely enjoy this audio book.  It is a MUST for  Kate Winslet fans like myself!!
0790736039|5.0|it was asupreb movie i have to agree with others when i say that the first part is better than the second. I first saw this movie when it originally  came on tv as a mini series. I loved it. So i then read the book. The book  is a lot better than the movie but for most people the movie is easier to  follow. Tim Curry plays his role great as Pennywise The Clown.
B00001MXWX|4.0|The 1st time I watched Insurrection I was confused, and it seemed ok.  However, upon watching it more I began liking it more and more each time.   Maybe cause I am beginning to understand it more, but it seems like it's  more than that.  But anyway.  Special Effects are fabulous, probably the  best to date of the 9 films.  Storyline is ok, but I do like this movie  because it is different.  It seems like a 2 hour episode, but as for a  movie it still works cause it is different.  No time travel, and no borg -  this is something new.
6305335745|5.0|Superb movie! i think the way they display it as a comic book is cool. the one story i like is the monster in the crate. this one is a lot better than  the second one.
630242335X|5.0|Excluding Star Trek 2, this has got to be my favorite.  Probably because like Star Trek 2, this is a great combination of story and action.  Some of  it confuses me though.  Ok, these few Klingons and federation people that  hate to see this peace between the 2 races, decide to &quot;team up&quot;  to keep hating each other.  I may have overlooked this and may be wrong,  but after watching this movie probably 20 times, I still can't find another  answer to this.  Ok, now for the rest of the movie - fabulous.  Gorkon and  Chang are excellent.  I love Chang's use of Shakespeare throughout the  film.  I just wish we could have seen more of the person that Gorkon was  before he was killed.  We only got to meet the chancellor for about 10  minutes then that's it, but he seemed as a good man.  Klingon ship firing  when cloaked, gotta love that.  Excelsior with Captain Sulu, gotta love  that.  It's good to see him in command, I thought it would seem wierd cause  we are so use to him being at the helm, but he seems to fit in nicely.  The  final battle scene is terriffic, special effect after special effect.  Of  course when the Klingon ship becomes visible, there's not much of a battle  anymore.  I don't know what else to say.  You'd think there is more to say  about this one since it is very good, but it's one of those films you just  love to watch.
0380730405|1.0|I found this book very long, drawn out and boring.  It was far from  realistic, and I found the characters flat and lifeless.  The story was  unbelievable and it's hard to stay interested - I wish I DIDN'T have to  read this for school!
6301543408|3.0|I like this one, but it's far from my favorite.  The music throughout is very nice, at the beginning when Kirk is climbing the mountain, the music  in the background is fabulous as is near the end of the film when Kirk,  Spock, McCoy, and Sybock are searching the planet for God.  Special  effects, as you probably heard are pretty bad, and they pretty much are.  But there is much more to this film.  The idea of searching for God is very  good, but probably could have been done better.  I mean we talkin about God  here, coulda made it with a huge bang, but since it was only some punk  posing as God, I guess that's why it was the way it was.  Question, a  torpedo didn't destroy the god, but a disruptor blast did?  I don't get it.  Anyway, probably one of my favorite parts of the film is when McCoy and  Spock's inner pain was revealed.  Even though I love phaser blasting (which  there is very little of in the film) scenes like this are very nice as  well.  Also the campfire scene is done nicely, and the entire movie is  quite humurous too.  My favorite line Spock -&quot;It appears we're too  heavy&quot; Kirk - &quot;Must be all those marshmellows&quot;
B00003CXFV|4.0|ERIN BROCKOVICH is a feel-good movie; you come out of it with exactly the same sense of well-being that you experienced with PRETTY WOMAN.  In between, Julia Roberts has made many movies, but only these two bring out  the very best in her...Like PRETTY WOMAN there  isn't much of a plot, but we don't mind it, because Julia Roberts takes us  on an emotional roller coaster ride in both films...In BROCKAVICH, the supporting cast leaves a  bit to be desired.  Bottom line:  you can't possibly not enjoy ERIN  BROCKAVICH.
6300214400|4.0|Storyline, action, humor - this one's got it all and done very nicely I might add.  Disobeying orders, stealing the Enterprise, a Vulcan aging with  a planet, Klingons killing everybody, Spocks mind in McCoy's - need I go  on.  This movie's got a lot goin on the entire time that keeps you  watching.  Probably one of the more humorous of the Star Trek films,  excluding Star Trek 4, with McCoy playing more of a role as Spock.   &quot;Scanning, indications negative at this time&quot;  You'll see what I  mean.
1567302017|5.0|This is essentially the best movie I have seen on the Holocaust!  It is necessary that everyone possible see this movie due to the Inevitable fact  that these type of things will occur again, and at a Greater scale. We  cannot avoid it, but it will be possible to react in the appropriate  manner, as human beings, to circumstances so inhuman. Lanzmann's film is a  insight to how low the human mind can go, but at the same time we can  individually receive a lesson from it all! Its worth the money,  PLEASE.....IT IS A MUST SEE!
6304415346|4.0|Upon watching this film for the 1st time, I found myself to be a little jumpy.  The movie has a certain dark setting to it, combined with borg at  every corner waiting to assimilate you and a certain sound with the  background music, it could make one who is paranoid of such things a little  jumpy.  The beginning still gets me every time where Picard is at the sink,  washing his face, and then......well, just gotta see for yourself if you  have not yet.  Overall, this is very good.  Lots of action, good story  line, and excellent jobs playing the character roles by the actors.  If  there is one thing I don't like, it's the time travel, again.
0671042858|5.0|I've been reading most of King's earlier novels and expected this one to  be like the others, with monsters and various paranormal experiences. But  this novel isn't like that. It's actually not much of a horror story at  all. But it's still one of the most scary novels he has ever written.<br />The  way King descibes a 9-year-old girls struggle through an unfriendly world,  a world which couldn't care less about here, is truly fascinating. Being a  hiker myself (in the northern Swedish mountains), I can easily picture  everything she is going through. And that, I can assure you, is scary...  This is a novel about courage and the will to survive against all  odds.<br />Even though you know that it's just a novel, you still can't help  feeling for the girl. You want her to survive, you want her to get out of  there. I was forced to put the book down after reading about half of it,  and until I got the time the finish it, I actually found myself thinking  about it all the time. I just couldn't keep my mind focused on anything  else.<br />The only bad thing about this otherwise great novel was that it was  to short...
6300216802|2.0|Maybe if it were cramped into 1-1/2 hours it would have been better.  Ok yeah the inside of V'Ger like cloud was pretty, I guess, if you like scenic  tours.  But they spent too much time with that in the movie, then followed  by what seemed like wasting time till the final 10 minutes of the movie.   The beginning of the film is great, seems to have a fast paced move to it,  but it slows down way too much after halfway.  This is the least favorite  Star Trek film of mine, but I guess since it was made in '79, it not so  bad.  But Star Wars was in '77, and look how good they did.  So I guess  this one's not too great.  If you love Star Trek, like me, you'll still  watch it.  If you are new to Star Trek, skip this film and go onto the 2nd  film.
B000002L9W|4.0|THE BAND: David Lee Roth (vocals), Steve Vai (guitars), Billy Sheehan (bass), Gregg Bissonette (drums & percussion).<br /><br />THE DISC: (1986) 10 songs clocking in at just over 31 minutes. Included with the disc is a 6-page booklet containing song titles, credits, players for each song (including guest musicians), and thank you's. Recorded between The Power Station (NY) and Fantasy Studios (CA). Label - Warner Bros.<br /><br />COMMENTS: David Lee Roth has put out several solo albums since leaving Van Halen, but this \\"Eat 'Em And Smile\\" is still his best. His other albums, collectively, are hit and miss (and the hits are scattered). He put out such fantastic stuff with Van Halen, that most of his solo career pales in comparison. \\"Eat'em And Smile\\" is short, like most previous VH albums, but it still packs a punch. The sound production is flawless. Diamond Dave had gathered an all-star band with talented Vai, Sheehan and veteran session drummer Gregg Bissonette (having played for Joe Satriani, ELO, Don Henley, Duran Duran, Santana and others). Roth had his best tunes featured on the radio - \\"Tobacco Road\\" (though short at 2:27 minutes), \\"Yankee  Rose\\" and \\"Goin' Crazy\\". These were all tunes that were radio friendly, yet featured searing riffs and smart and sometimes speedy percussion. Other great songs include the pounding \\"Shyboy\\" and \\"Elephant Gun\\" (Vai shreds on both), as well as the slowed down \\"Ladie's Night in Buffalo\\". There are 3 cover tunes here - \\"I'm Easy\\", \\"Tobacco Road\\", and \\"That's Life\\" - the weakest being DLR's rendition of Frank Sinatra's trademark \\"That's Life\\". Five songs from \\"Eat 'Em And Smile\\" made it to DLR's compilation \\"The Best\\" released in 1997. If you're a fan of DLR and Van Halen, then this album is absolutely essential.
6300213803|5.0|If you don't like this, than Star Trek isn't for you.  Even though there have been 7 films released after this, I still return to Star Trek 2 as  being my very favorite.  Everything is great about this - A great  storyline, excellent action scenes, and the way they brought back an old  foe from the original series was very smart and done very well.  Every  second of this movie keeps you wanting to know what happens next.  And  watching 2 &quot;federation&quot; ships blow the daylights out of each  other is something you don't get to see often.  Kahn is great, probably my  favorite villian of all time.  Get this, get this, get this!  Even if you  don't like Star Trek - get this!
B000002UB3|5.0|Until recently, the only thing I knew about The Beatles' \\"Abbey Road\\" was the goofy album cover where all four band members are crossing the street. Now I consider it one of the best, most innovative rock 'n' roll albums ever released. And I mean innovative and fresh by today's standards, not just the standards of the late 1960s. These guys practically invented the art of making melodic rock music, and they certainly weren't afraid to experiment with sounds and ideas.<br /><br />\\"Abbey Road\\" offers something for everybody; a 90-year-old senior citizen could enjoy this album as easily as a 5-year-old kid. The sounds and tastes of this record are all over the map. For instance, whereas \\"Come Together\\" is a serious rock anthem with a heavy message, songs like \\"Maxwell's Silver Hammer\\" (Lennon-McCartney) and \\"Octopus's Garden\\" (Ringo Starr) are silly pop nuggets. Romance is also present, like on George Harrison's beautiful \\"Something\\" (which includes a swooning string section), and on the dramatic \\"Oh! Darling,\\" where Paul McCartney belts out the lyrics in his most sincere tone. Overall, there's a boyish, innocent quality to these songs, especially lyrically, yet a sophistication to the sound and musical development. In short, the Beatles, as well as their producer, George Martin, possessed the resources, talent, musicality and what must have been a sense of finality to create one of the best records ever.<br /><br />Though the Beatles were on their way out with \\"Abbey Road,\\" the seven-minute-plus \\"I Want You (She's So Heavy)\\" is reminiscent of another  British band on their way in back in 1969, Led Zeppelin. The song features longing lyrics and an indelibly heavy guitar riff in the style of Jimmy Page before he became a household name. Conversely, songs like \\"Because\\" and \\"Sun King\\" are positively airy and lightweight, unbelievably catchy. The Beatles thrived on hazy, dreamy songs that featured their head-in-the-cloud choruses and melting melodies, making it all seem as easy as a summer breeze.<br /><br />Beginning at \\"You Never Give Me Your Money,\\" the album transforms into a  hot-potato medley of one sublimely melodic song after another, a shockingly creative assembly line of tracks that magically blend together, thanks mostly to producer George Martin. It's comparable to a movie score with words or a spur-of-the moment \\"Best of\\" mixture. McCartney and Lennon deserve the lion's share of credit for creating this 20-minute joyride, on the second side of one album. Despite the inevitable end of the band, the guys sound excited, joyful, happy to be alive, inspiring, a little crazy and willing to experiment on their way out.<br /><br />As the music on \\"Abbey Road\\" mutates from one moment to the next -- sometimes in the space of just one song -- the lustrous sounds and sky-high choruses mix perfectly with the weightless lyrics. As the album winds down and such greats as \\"Mr. Mustard\\" and the punk-ish \\"Polythene Pam\\" rage on, the band opt to go out on a positive and touching message that truly resonates. Overall, I understand now why many have said that there are the Beatles and then there is everyone else.er breeze.       Beginning at \\"You Never Give Me Your Money,\\" the album transforms into a  hot-potato medley of one sublimely melodic song after another, a shockingly creative assembly line of tracks that magically blend together, thanks mostly to producer George Martin. It's comparable to a movie score with words or a spur-of-the moment \\"Best of\\" mixture. McCartney and Lennon deserve the lion's share of credit for creating this 20-minute joyride, on the second side of one album. Despite the inevitable end of the band, the guys sound excited, joyful, happy to be alive, inspiring, a little crazy and willing to experiment on their way out.      As the music on \\"Abbey Road\\" mutates from one moment to the next -- sometimes in the space of just one song -- the lustrous sounds and sky-high choruses mix perfectly with the weightless lyrics. As the album winds down and such greats as \\"Mr. Mustard\\" and the punk-ish \\"Polythene Pam\\" rage on, the band opt to go out on a positive and touching message that truly resonates. Overall, I understand now why many have said that there are the Beatles and then there is everyone else.
630021463X|3.0|Yes I'm a Trekker, Yes I love this film.  But it is not my favortie because I love for the phaser blasting duos in space, which if you are  looking for you won't find here.  What you will find is something quite  different and entertaining.  Bringing whales into Star Trek seems like  something you'd never expect, but I like it.  A probe has been sent to  communicate with the humback whale, which is extinct in the 23rd century.   Humans would expect the probe be sent only to communicate with people, but  this nice showing that there are other forms of intelligence on Earth.  As  for humor, ok Star Trek is no Austin Powers or Ace Vetura, but gotta admit  this one's funny.  Scotty's &quot;Computer scene&quot; as well as Chekov's  scene get me every time.  There is even a scene where I heard a candid  camera was used.  Chekov and Uhura are on the streets of San Francisco  asking around for help to find the naval base, and the officer seems as if  he were lifeless, it is funny.  But then when I found out it was a hidden  camera and these people didn't know they were being filmed, that makes it  all the more amusing.  Too Bad Kirk and Gillian didn't have more of a  &quot;relationship&quot;, it would have been nice.  Kinda like the episode  &quot;City On The Edge of Forever&quot; where Kirk falls in love with  someone from the past.  There is a difference here, but you gotta see for  yourself.  Oh yeah, and it neat to see the crew commanding a Klingon vessel  rather than your usual Federation Enterprise, just something different.   Overall, it is a very good film, just not one for me.
B00000IAU3|5.0|I bought this because of Stan on the Eminem Marshall Mathers LP (Thankyou  is the original) and have found the CD amazing. There is not 1 bad track on  the album and it was well worth the wait to have it shipped to the UK.
0688152023|4.0|I've never taken ballet before, so this book is an eye-opener. The  exercises are easy to follow with explicit descriptions. I have decided to  attend adults ballet class in October. Thanks to NYC Ballet workout for  giving this novice a good head start and the confidence !!
B000002KFJ|5.0|'Sabotage' certainly deserves to be considered one of the 'great six'  first Sabbath records, and I'd even rank it ahead of 'Master of Reality'  and 'Vol. 4' and certainly ahead of 'Sabbath Bloody Sabbath'.  Overall,  it's certainly up there with 'Black Sabbath' even, although I still feel  that the best overall effort by the band was their masterpiece,  'Paranoid'.<br />'Megalomania' is a moody, sweeping, Sabbath classic.  I'd  guess this track to be the album's centerpiece, and as such, it ranks up  there with songs such as  'War Pigs', 'Sabbath Bloody Sabbath', and 'The  Wizard'.  <br />One of my other favorites is 'Supertzar', an instrumental  track complete with a full chamber choir and Iommi's gouging guitar work.   I've heard that this song is supposed to be a representation of the entire  Russian army trudging through Siberia during a blizzard, and I believe it!   The song arrangement is interesting and involving, and the soundstage and  presence are indeed grand.<br />'Hole in the Sky', 'Symptom of the Universe',  and 'Am I Going Insane' are the favorites of some, and they do add to the  overall strength of the album.  'The Writ' is an overlooked piece.<br />The  overall sound of 'Sabotage' reflects signficant change from the first two  or three Sabbath albums.  The experimentation with piano, synth, choir, and  other sounds started in 'Sabbath Bloody Sabbath' take on a more successful  interpretation here.  'Megalomania' and 'Supertzar' alone are two excellent  reasons to pick up a copy of this CD.
B00000AFWW|5.0|This record is continuously near my player.  I love it and I can personally think of at least four other friends who feel the same way.   This record came out around the same time as Marilyn Manson's underrated  Mechanical Animals.  Why were these basically ignored?  Well they were real  ROCK and that seems to bother a lot of people.  My favorite on this is  Heaven Tonight, a great pop record, of course not in the traditional top 40  way.  Hell, if it was today's top 40 S..., it would sound like the puking  strains of the Aguileras or the Spears.  I would also like to take this  moment to give Courtney the thought of possibly having Grace Slick sing  some back up on the next release.  Man those two women rock.
B000002KET|3.0|Although the title track, 'Sabbath Bloody Sabbath' is a great, great song  and certainly one of Sabbath's finest, I have to say that the album as a  whole is the weakest of their first six in my humble opinion.<br />What is  'Fluff' doing here?  It seems like a filler and not a real 'song'.  'a  National Acrobat', 'Sabbra Cadabra', and 'Who are You' are all strong  enough, but other than the title track, could you say that this record  could hold up to 'Paranoid's' 'War Pigs', 'Fairies Wear Boots', or 'Hand of  Doom'?  No!<br />I say this also because 'Sabotage', Sabbath's next album  after 'Sabbath Bloody Sabbath' and the last of the great six, is better  than this one taken as a whole.  It's a much more solid, involving effort  that makes 'Sabbath Bloody Sabbath' seem like a slight lapse by the band.   Granted, they were still developing their sound with more synth, piano and  the like at this time, but the fruits of the experimentation handn't quite  ripened in time to make 'Sabbath Bloody Sabbath' as great as it could have  been.
B00003CWNR|5.0|This is one of the few movies that consider the audience as human and able to think and feel. I would not say that the movie do spouse abortion.  Abortion is part of the story but which serves as a jumping board for  further reflection or discussion. Watch it, and then, let's discuss after  seeing the movie.
B000002KB8|5.0|Black Sabbath has had more influence on Heavy Metal and hard rock than any  other band.  Some may argue about this, but Sabbath's genius and  originality are still being gradually recognized and absorbed to this day,  thirty years after their original debut.<br />'Black Sabbath'is the band's  first album, which left its mark on the music scene almost immediately.   Just listen to how it influenced other bands' early, developmental work--   Blue Oyster Cult's first Columbia release in the early 70's and the  Scorpions' 'Lonesome Crow' in 1972 clearly have the marks of 'Black  Sabbath' influence on them.  Many other bands such as Metallica name early  Sabbath as a seminal influence on their work and the reason why they picked  up a guitar.<br />In my humble opinion, Sabbath would soon go on to peak while  recording 'Paranoid'.  From there it was a gradual downhill slope (although  I feel that 'Sabotage' is somewhat better than 'Sabbath Bloody Sabbath'  overall) for the band, but their power and originality remain noteworthy  even today.<br />In evolving their sound, Sabbath curiously dumped the  harmonica ('The Wizard'), and politics ('Wicked World') from their mix on  later albums.  It's difficult to remember that back when this record came  out, Vietnam (mentioned in Wicked World) was still a hot topic and not just  a war from history.  It absolutely blows my mind that this record was made  thirty years ago!!
B00004T37H|4.0|In this epic adventure film, Miyazaki truly does come through.  This movie does have a good amount of animated violence, but it does add a certain  excitement to the film.  The characters are well thought out, they are  neither cold-blooded, no-good-inside bad, nor happy, never-does-wrong good.   Miyazaki does an excellent job of mixes good and evil in this film.  The  movie i admit is somewhat hard to follow, and seeing it twice will much  better help your understanding.  The moral is a great one, which i will not  give away.  The animation in itself is excellent.  I suggest this film to  anyone who likes down-to-earth yet fantasy movies.  One thing's right, this  is definitely one of Miyazaki's best works...
B000002KE2|3.0|In my humble opinion, Sabbath reached their peak around the time of  'Paranoid', which I think is their best, most completely solid effort of  the first six 'classic' Sabbath albums.  'Master of Reality' which came  right after, was the heaviest, but there is kind of a drop-off from  'Paranoid' to 'Master of Reality', and then again to 'Vol. 4'.<br />Don't get  me wrong-- 'Snowblind' is pure genius, one of the best Sabbath songs  anywhere ever.  'Supernaut' is one of the greats as well.  Even 'Changes'  has its own special appeal.  I even like 'Under the Sun', although it has  to be the clunkiest-sounding little song that I have EVER heard.  What's up  with that Herman Munster-sounding guitar?  I almost start cracking up every  time I hear it...<br />The rest of the cuts aren't memorable, however.   'Tomorrow's Dream' is a favorite of many, and 'Cornucopia' has its moments,  but this is a much more uneven effort than the first three Sabbath records.
6303346367|5.0|Well this is just another piece of evidence that proves Hitchcock as one of the greatest directors(if not the greatest)of all time. Once you've seen  five minutes of this gem you know it's going to be great all the way  through. However, It does'nt have as much depth as some of his other  movies. It's more humorous and Charming then it is suspencefull. But it has  a great balance of the three. <br />There is virtualy no music at all in the  film, witch is suprising to me.If you like 'Spell Bound' or 'Suspicion'you  should like this.
B000002518|5.0|I've bought this album three times over the years: as an LP, a Cassette, and a CD.  It has become an old friend that I really relate to.  If you  love the song &quot;Knockin' On Heaven's Door,&quot; which has been covered  by everyone from Clapton to Guns N' Roses, then chances are you'll love  this entire album.
B00004STUL|3.0|I am one of the biggest fans of Michael Bay ever to be. I eagerly anticipate each new movie and watch the e-shelves for new versions of his  old movies. I hadn't owned my DVD player long before I bought &quot;The  Rock,&quot; &quot;Armageddon Criterion Edition,&quot; and this film,  &quot;Bad Boy Special Edition.&quot; What really intrigued me about this  DVD was the ability to use that angle button on my DVD remote.<br />To start  with, you have to go to a section named &quot;Damage Control&quot; in order  to view scenes from multiple angles. Once you get here, though, you don't  get &quot;scenes&quot; you get snippets of TVs and cars exploding. And it  isn't very compelling.<br />I haven't seen the normal version, but I can't  imagine that the transfer quality is any better. <br />I still love this  movie, and on DVD it looks real nice. But, unless you have dollars to  spare, don't waste it on the special edition. The extra just aren't worth  it.
B00004STJD|4.0|This is a pleasant, well-executed farce reminiscent of Almodovar.  Just so you know, though, the dinner game itself really isn't the focus.  It isn't  actually shown on screen.  It's too bad, because it's a great premise that  isn't really realized the way I imagined based on how the movie was  described to me.  Fun movie though.
B00000JGHM|5.0|Ignore all moans and groans about Heat being too long, because in all honesty i couldn't get enough of it. Michael Mann has to be one of the most  underated directors of our time, his visual style, themes and atmosphere in  all his films are incredible, he got snubbed at this years oscars, though  Heat still has to be his untouched masterpiece. Al Pacino and Robert Deniro  are both tremendous as the two leeds, two of the greatest actors both one  on one in a classic ying and yang structured crime thriller, Heat being the  only film since the godfather part 2 with them cast together, though it  doesn't stop there!  Some great supporting performances from val kilmer,  ashley judd, tom sizemore, jon voight etc, etc.  I can't actually find a  negative aspect of this movie, the dialogue, the music, the sub-plots, the  camera work, all briliant. The shoot-out alone is worth the cost of the  dvd. Both sound and picture quality are top notch on the disc, shame there  wern't any extra features besides a couple of trailers. This film ranks  among my favourates, a awsome powerhouse ride of a movie, soooo worth  buying....see it and love it.
B000002KHH|5.0|After being satisfied with 'We Sold Our Souls for Rock 'N' Roll', the  greatest hits compilation from Sabbath's first six 'classic' albums of the  Ozzy period, I decided that I needed to trade it in for the real thing--  the first six classic albums, separate and in their entirety. From this  relatively fresh, new perspective, I was able to see a few interesting  things with which many Sab fans would agree.  Some may not, but here they  are:<br />1. Taken as a whole, Paranoid is the best, most complete classic  Sabbath record.  If I had to take only one of their records to a desert  island, this would be it. 2. 'We Sold Our Souls For Rock 'N' Roll' is  actually an extremely well-chosen compilation of some of the best material  contained in the six 'classics'.  Originally only a double-album and then a  truncated 70+min CD, it was released before Sabbath's genius was so  universally recognized and critically acclaimed.  It's no mistake that  Paranoid has more than its share of cuts on here. 3. 'Black Sabbath' and  'Master of Reality' are also both great, great records, don't get me wrong.   In fact, I'd say that 'Black Sabbath' is a fairly close second in overall  strength.  It's clear that Sabbath started out strong with a great debut  album, peaked with Paranoid, and maintained a lot of strength with 'Master  of Reality'.  These three records chronicle these guys' peak productive  creativity period of around 1970~72. Chronologically and otherwise,  'Paranoid' is right in the middle of this period and represents the  absolute summit that this band would reach.  Who else could come up with  something SO original and so powerful as 'War Pigs'??  Hell, this song  sounds like nothing that even they have ever done.  And it's GRRREAT!  Although 'Fairies Wear Boots' is a fascinating song, I consider it much  less the centerpiece of this record than I do 'War Pigs'. 4.Even when it's  bad, it's good.  Remember back in the 80's when Sabbath's most famous and  popular song wasarguably 'Iron Man'?  Although not a bad song by any  means, it is fairly plodding and simple in comparison to the rest of the  record, and is considered by some to be its weakest cut.  Not too  shabby!<br />Now that early Black Sabbath is rightfully being recognized as  classic heavy metal and pioneers of the genre, people have started to  analyze the band's development as well as its music.  A test would be to  try to imagine the band's influence if you were to take away one of the  classic albums and imagine that it was never made.  Take away 'Paranoid'  and you take away a larger part of what made them great and what makes them  such a huge influence than if you took away any other single Sabbath  record.  Period.
1559409010|5.0|The Life of Brian was, and continues to be, as very controversial picture.  At the time of its release, it was met with incredible resistance from  Jewish and Christian religious groups.  The Monty Python troupe maintained  that the film was not \\"blasphemous\\", for it does not make fun of Christ  himself (in the commentaries, several Pythons contend that Christ's  teachings were all in all very sensible, and therefore impossible to  lampoon), but is \\"heretical\\", as it mocks his followers and organized  churches in general.  Religion has, after all, led to centuries of  bloodshed in the name of God.  There's no doubt that the film IS offensive  to different groups, as it also lampoons leftist political groups, speech  impediments, Roman customs, etc, as well as churches.  <br />As a Christian  myself, I admit to two things (i) There are things that I find offensive  and uncomfortable in this film, and (ii) it is brilliantly funny.  It  should not be strange to discover that many Christians are fans of this  film - after all, who better to appreciate and understand the Biblical  references and the historical setting than ones who have studied it?   Ironically the film's most controversial segment, where Brian's follows  start proclaiming him as Messiah and follow him, is also the weakest,  comedically, after a very funny first half.  Unlike, the Holy Grail, the  Life of Brian is not able to sustain the momentum from beginning to end.   This is in fact characteristic of the Pythons, as even most of their  half-hour shows range from brilliant to rambling incoherency and  repetition.  However, it is the moments of brilliance in Life of Brian (the  People's Front of Judea, Brian's birth, the Centurion and Pontius Pilate,  and the wonderful set dressing) that make it a comedy classic.  <br />The DVD  from Criterion is absolutely first-rate.  This disc is worth the price they  charge, because it takes full advantage of the medium.  The lost scenes are  a gem, as they have not been seen for 20 years - though it's easy to see  why most of them were left on the cutting room floor.  The two audio  commentaries are also excellent.  The Pythons pull no punches -  particularly when talking about each other.  The documentary, filmed during  the making of the film, is also quite good.  All in all, there are more  than 5 solid hours of entertainment on the DVD.  The print itself is  beautiful, and you'll have a new appreciation of the production values that  went into it's making. <br />All in all, I will maintain my position that Holy  Grail is a better film, but when it comes to DVD releases, until Criterion  produces a Holy Grail version, this DVD is the one to own (or you can be  like me and get both).
185828340X|4.0|I have been to Japan five times in the past two years and this is the one  book that always comes with me. This book is light-years ahead of the  typical travel book (eg: Fodors, Frommers).  I really enjoyed how the  authors made an effort to cover towns not usually mentioned in other  guides.  If you only want to carry one Japan guide in your luggage this is  the one it should be.
B000002UAU|5.0|Sgt. Pepper's is by far, even by todays standards, one of the single  greatest albums ever produced by any popular music artists.  The Beatles,  in so many ways, were ahead of their time, and set a new standard by which  all popular music, before them and after them, would be, and continues to  be, measured.  Few albums by other artists can even compare to this  masterpiece.  Few artists ever achieve this level of near musical  perfection.  Only a handful come to mind, i.e., Beach Boys (particularly  with \\"Pet Sounds\\"), Sting (Nothing Like The Sun), Billy Joel (The Nylon Curtin), Steely Dan(Aja), Chicago (with  Peter Cetera).  If I failed to mention other greats in classical  (Pavarroti, Bernstein, Mozart) or jazz (Ellington, Gershwin, Coltrane,  Montgomery) that's because those are different genre's.  Unfortunately,  these days mediocrity is accepted as the social and artistic norm.  Trash  these days is called art.  Most young people don't expect greatness in  music anymore, both lyrically and musically. The rules of rock music are  not being challenged or advanced like the Beatles so eloquently did with  Sgt. Pepper's (with few artists like Sting and Billy Joel being  exceptions). One can hear the roots of modern Hard Rock on the ripping  chords of \\"Sgt. Peppers\\" Title Track and on the  \\"Reprise\\" version as well.  The challenging \\"Within and  Without You\\" with the mesmerizing Sitar is nearly enchanting, while  the intoxicating \\"A Day in the Life\\" just blows you away with  it's different acts and scenes.  The colorful melody on \\"She's Leaving  Home\\" puts you in the armchair of the living room of the torn family  of the runaway adolescent in the turbulent 60's.  Bear in mind that rock  history points out that, upon discovering that the Beatles were planning to  produce a masterpiece, Jimmy Page seriously considered giving up his rock  and roll ambitions.  Fortunately, Jimmy Page didn't give up and we were treated to Led Zeppelin. Paul McCartney admittedly stated that \\"Sgt.  Pepper\\" was an answer to the Beatles rivals' The Beach Boys' \\"Pet  Sounds.\\" \\"Pet Sounds\\" was unequivocally, an answer to the  Beatles' \\"Rubber Soul.\\" However, upon listening to the album,  Brian Wilson nearly went schizoprenic trying to counter with an answer  which would equal in greatness.  Brian Wilson's response to Sgt. Pepper, \\"SMILE,\\" was supposed to have been released in 1968 originally. \\"SMILE\\" was not released until 2004. Both Peter Frampton and the Bee Gees went  on record as saying that \\"Sgt. Pepper\\" was one of the greatest  things they had ever heard, if not the greatest.  Cheap Trick has gone on tour performing the entire album live to sell out crowds. Thise album having been the first concept album, is undoubtedly one of the most influential albums ever in rock music history. Buy it. Listen with an  open mind, and it will keep your mind from wandering where it will go. You  won't regret it. A splendid time is guaranteed for all.
B00003CWOL|5.0|Wow. So few movies succeed at doing what Dogma accomplishes almost effortlessly: laying down a story so well thought-out and complex that it  can be viewed and enjoyed in almost any context.<br />Director Kevin Smith  offers a script so brimming over with forbidden thoughts, one might  mistakenly think his intent is merely to shock. But Smith wisely roadmaps  his assertions to his audience, bringing us to the conclusion that, gee,  this guy really thought about it.<br />Think of Smith as a thinking man's  Tarantino, able to fire off mile-a-minute fascinating banter, but without  the sophomoric undertones. Characters are round and clearly defined, even  if some of the introductions are a bit speechy (Alan Rickman's entrance  dialogue with Linda Fiorentino comes immediately to mind). <br />The story  itself is briliantly written, twisting and turning deftly on the many  loopholes and contradictions man has introduced to religion. In the end,  Smith returns us to a playful, relaxed atmosphere. But we walk away knowing  there is much to learn and consider here, and that additional viewings will  undoubtedly be necessary in order to grasp the fullness of Smith's vision.
B000002MJC|4.0|SOFAD marks a transition for Depeche Mode... not so much in the  songwriting department as in the &quot;sound&quot; department. Martin Gore  delivers some of his best lyrics ever and Alan Wilder turns-in some  dramatic sounds as Depeche delves into an even darker underworld than they  are used to dipping into.<br />It is clear that a large amount of the  songwriting developed from Martin's analysis of witnessing the demise of  his lead singer, Dave Gahan, as he was enveloped into the world of extreme  heroin addiction. <br />Although Dave Gahan delivered remarkably consistant  singing on the album, there is an evident &quot;roughness&quot; to his  vocals. However, it works well on this album.<br />This album marks an  unfortunate and depressing time for the band, mainly due to Dave Gahan's  heroin addiction and the effect it had on the other members. During the  Devotional Tour, Andy Fletcher was untimately replaced by another  keyboardist due to his being overwhelmed by the entire situation with Dave.  Dates on that tour were consistantly rescheduled because of  &quot;illness&quot; (which was in reality a result of Dave's frequent 'too  much the night before' phenomena).<br />All things said, this is a great  album, even if the band itself is not too fond of the time that the album  marks. Other than SOFAD, Ultra is Depeche Mode's crowning achievement...  the songwriting is on a par with that of SOFAD and the vocal work of Dave  Gahan is his best ever.
6305842442|2.0|Reviews of cult classics are tricky enough to begin with (never slam publicly on a cult favorite) but with the various manifestations of Blade  Runner we have double the fun.  That said...I like both the original and  the directors cut.  The directors cut demands more of the non-sci-fi  initiated and puts many off.  Rent the movie first if you are unsure and  decide then.  Now the real reason I write:  this &quot;special  edition&quot; DVD release is a terrible dissapointment.  The &quot;special  extras&quot; are not worth the money and when you compare the availabe  features to any Criterion release...it is just sad and pathetic.  This  movie deserved more attention to detail - at the very least to help some  viewers with the vague complexity of the story.  Buy a tape for now and  save your money for another release.
0553284347|4.0|Open the front cover to this important book by Dr Susan Forward and almost as an introductory note we are told that toxic parents are the inadequate  parents, the controllers, the alcoholics, the verbal abusers, the physical  abusers and the sexual abusers.  This is not a book about parents who get  things wrong. As parents we all get things wrong - I know I do, we all do  things that perhaps we regret  - this isn't being toxic, it's called being  human.  These mistakes very rarely do harm.  A toxic parent on the other  hand is an individual whose behaviour scars and harms their child/ren to  such a degree that often it can seem like the there can be no resolution to  the damage caused. As a result the children grow into adulthood feeling  inadequate, unloved and worthless.<br />This book is about and at the same  time is for those adult children.<br />As children, our parents give us a  script, a way of being that we use to filter all that we experience. If  that script is one that says ` you are worthless, to be abused - sexually,  physically, emotionally ` then all I do in my life, all my actions, my  reactions and interactions will be through the filter of my lack of worth.    <br />This is a book for those adults whose sense of worthlessness underpins  all they do.<br />I work as a counsellor and often those I work with tell me  that they are responsible for what their parents did.  \\"If I hadn't cuddled  Daddy he wouldn't have got in to bed with me\\", \\"If I'd done better at  school I wouldn't have got punished\\".  A valuable message in this book is  that the child is a child not a mini adult. The real adults are the  responsible ones and it is they that are accountable for the abuse  inflicted on their children.  The abused adult child is however responsible  for their actions as an adult no matter their experiences as a child.  From  this perspective the adult abused as a child has it in his/her control to  change the script that has been given to them<br />If you want to change your  unhealthy script or life pattern this book is for you.<br />There are some  aspects of `Toxic Parents' that I have some professional and personal  difficulty with. Chapter Seven for example is titled `Confrontation: The  Road to Independence'. I wouldn't agree that confrontation is the only road  to independence, indeed change, growth, self determination and awareness  can all be experienced and lived without the need to confront. This aside,  Dr Susan Forward has written an extremely useful book, non-academic and  easy to read. As a result it will provide to those who have experienced  toxic parents a valuable tool for change. <br />The journey to change will be  difficult, it will be lined with pain and tears but you can get there,   `Toxic Parents' will be a useful signpost on that journey.
0688062334|5.0|This is not to be missed.  As an adult who loves fantasy of all sorts, Diana Wynne Jones and all she has written are top of my list. (Higher than  Harry Potter)  I could give you story details, but that would not begin to  convey the delight that is in store for you if you read Ms Jones.  No  matter what your age you'll be enchanted and amazed by her writing. Be good  to yourself, give yourself a treat and read this book.
B00004TH7Z|5.0|The sound is what you would expect from Maiden before 7th Son. All songs  are good, but there are a few that stand out to be instant Maiden classics.  I would rate &quot;The Navigator&quot;, &quot;Brave New World&quot;,  &quot;Blood Brothers&quot;, &quot;The Mercenary&quot; and &quot;The  Nomad&quot; as great Maiden songs. These songs easily are in the caliber of  &quot;2 Minutes to Midnight&quot;, &quot;Somewhere in Time&quot;,  &quot;Aces High&quot;, &quot;Running Free&quot;, &quot;The Trooper&quot;,  &quot;Run to the Hills&quot; to name a few. I reccomend this album to  whoever enjoyed NWOBHM during the 80's.
B000000WZ4|5.0|This is by-far the best album that Depeche Mode has ever created. No, Alan  Wilder is not present, however, Martin Gore and Co. have learned more than  enough from Alan about the &quot;sound&quot; Depeche should have.<br />This is  a HIGHLY consistant album, each track stands alone as a masterpiece, yet  the album is amazingly cohesive. <br />It is more than obvious that Dave Gahan  was involved in extensive vocal coaching for this production... he has  never sounded better. Futhermore, it is evident that he has kicked his once  destructive heroin habit... his personal strength comes shining-through in  a professional manner on this album.<br />Interestingly, the only other album  that Depeche created that is similar in nature to Ultra is Songs of Faith  and Devotion... also a masterpiece in it's own right; if not for the  songwriting alone. SOFAD was Martin Gore's crowning glory... Ultra is  simply an extension of this masterful songwriting, only this time around  the band's vocalist chimed-in with his masterpiece of vocal work.
6305428522|5.0|When I first heard about this movie, I thought, &quot;A guy cheats on a quiz show.  What a dumb idea.&quot;  Then when it was up for the 1994 Oscar  for Best Picture, I said to myself, &quot;Well, I saw the other four movies  up for BP this year.&quot;  So I rented it.  Then I bought it.  Then it was  playing in my VCR almost every day as background sound when I played on the  computer or ate.  I have the dialogue pretty much memorized now.  The movie  is art.  It was an instant classic.  A must see.  Every time I watch it I  notice something new or &quot;get&quot; a joke I never understood before.   It has fantastic actors, unbelievable dialogue, and is a cute little story.   This reigns as my favorite movie of all time.
0553213105|5.0|I love this book. I can't believe I had never read it -- I'm 30 years old  and don't remember ever reading any Jane Austen, but this is only the  beginning for me!
0446677450|4.0|I felt that this book was very interesting, mostly because the author goes  against the norms of education (get good grades, get a good job, you're set  type of mentality).  This book really makes you think about why you want to  work, and how to change your lifestyle over time so that the money works  for you, not the other way around.  The author has some good points on how  the rich find the loopholes in the system to stay rich, and gives logical  advice to help individuals become financially ahead of the game.  I  definitely do not recommend this book for those not willing to actually  change their mentalities and lives.  It is a very good guide to  understanding how the rich get rich and how they differ from the poor,  whether educated or not, people.
B00004XPQL|5.0|Fianl Destination is, hands down, one of the most clever shockers in months!  After saving the leves of seven people by getting them off a plane  doomed to explode, Alex (Devon Sawa) realizes that Death has a plan for  everyone.  He has foiled Death's plan by getting these seven people off the  plane, and now Death wants to settle the score.  Of course, no one beleives  hime when he tells them this, at least not until it's too late.  It's easy  to see that there is talent in the hip young cast which includes not only  Sawa, but also horror veterans Ali Larter (House on Haunted Hill) and Tony  Todd (Candyman series).  Kerr Smith of TV's Dawsons Creek is also among  those running for their leves.  Fianal Destination's greatest  accomplishment is that it is not predictable like so many horror films out  there today. You dont have to be a die hard horror fan to greatly enjoy  Final Destination.  It really makes you think about whether or not it is  possible to really cheat death.  This is a scary, smart, supernatural event  thats not to be missed!
B00003CX95|5.0|Along with some of the Lethal Weapon movies and Payback, this ranks among Mel Gibson's best movies.  If you like action, if you like adventure and if  you like a truely awesome story, then I would recommend this movie.  It  tends to be a little bloody at times but it adds to the excitement.  Don't  miss out, buy it today.  This is a movie that appeals to men and women, it  has tons of action and comedy, and for the ladies a love story that will  make you and your date cry.
B00003CX5A|1.0|This is one of the worst films i have ever seen...They try to make a funny horror which doesn`t work .It shold be one or the other , in this case they should of went for horror .  Do not rent or buy this film , you will be very dissapointed.
B00000I8UD|4.0|After a decade, Sylvian returns to solo territory with an overlong but  welcome album of songs.  Top notch collaborators (Sakamoto, Frissel, Talvin  Singh) and a global ear (delta blues, indian, yogic chanting, freejazz)  ensure variety and casual interest, but in the end only a handful of the  fourteen tracks rank with the admittedly high bar of his previous work.   Among these are the swampy, Gil Evans-inspired &quot;Midnight Sun&quot;,  the elegiac &quot;Darkest Dreaming&quot; and &quot;Dobro #1&quot; and the  toetapping &quot;Krishna Blue.&quot;  As always, Sylvian's voice is the  central and unique wonder in this collection, this time ruminating on  faith, love and fatherhood.  It's a real pity that the album is clogged  with a few throwaways and that some of the songs seem to go on forever,  because otherwise it might have surpassed its predeccesor, the  unimpeachable &quot;Secrets of the Beehive.&quot;
079073463X|4.0|To begin with, Rutger Hauer (Navarre) and Michelle Pfieffer (Isabeau) are amazing in the film. Hutger Hauer is one of my favorite actors and this  turns out to be one of his better roles. The high points in the film  include the quest to break the curse the bishop puts on Navarre and  Isabeau, and the fight scene with Navarre and the new captain of the guard  near the end of the film. Overall, the film has a great storyline that  should appeal to any sword and sorcery fan.<br />However, I did have a couple  of problems with the film. Matthew Broderick's character is slightly  annoying. I understand that he is suppossed to be comic relief, but do we  really need him talking to God every five minutes. Second, the soundtrack  just doesn't fit the style of the movie. I believe the movie should've had  a soundtrack similar in style that was used in the original  &quot;Highlander.&quot; At least it would've brought a more serious tone to  the movie.<br />Lastly, for any Rutger Hauer fan out there, check out the  movie &quot;The Hitcher.&quot; You just can't imagine how frightening this  movie is.
0783222475|4.0|I enjoyed this movie a lot because being from Washington state the memories of Mt St Helens were refreshed in my mind.  The special effects  were outstanding and pretty believable.
0790731002|4.0|The Bob Kane Franchise returns to grace in Batman Forever. This fast paced, adrenaline powered installment features a new Dark Knight and The  Riddler. Val Kilmer brings a malevolent dupilicity to Batman and a suave,  introspective flair to Bruce Wayne. His portrayal of the Dark Knight is  closest to Bob Kane's vision of Batman. Jim Carrey is practically over the  top yet extremely entertaining as Batman's nemesis. Although the movie  itself is a success, the DVD offers little extra. The infamous deleted  scenes (a number of them) were not included in any capacity and the trailer  was missing too. To conclude, an outstanding movie but little extra... when  is the director's cut coming out?
079073463X|5.0|The first time I saw this movie was in school, 7th grade but since then I've seen it more than I can count. It's a great story-line and has it's  share of climaxes. In my opinion it's a wonderful movie and I recomend  it...
B00000JFV9|5.0|yeah, baby, this is the music we're listening to when we're alone with our  lovers and the hearts start pounding. what else can you say? It's black  music, it's got soul. since jackie brown, even white suburb kids start to  see the beauty in these 70's creations.
B000003S2K|5.0|Brian Eno is a master of sound, simply put.  In &quot;Music for  Airports&quot; (Ambient 1) he has crafted the soundtrack of inner peace.   <br />This sound sculpture was originally meant as a background setting for an  airport terminal.  It is easy to close your eyes and imagine hearing  &quot;1/1&quot; tinkling mutedly like an electronica wind chime being  stirred by the flow of travelers going to and fro.  It could provide a  calming center about which all the fracas and hurriedness revolves.  I also  imagine hearing it as the last traveler to leave the airport at night, as  the final weary travelers stumble from the last flight of the night through  the emptied terminal toward their cars.<br />Equally as wonderful - listen to  Ambient 1 on a rainy day.  Let it intermix with the sound of rain falling  on your windows.<br />I use this CD to calm myself, as an accompaniment to  yoga, and have used it to fall asleep.  There is something in the gentle  yet uneven rhythm of the tones that induces a deep relaxation state.  I  have found it enhances my study time as well.<br />Ambient music is meant to  be played as a background to a normal activity.  Think of it as a fluid  frame surrounding a variety of daily activity.  It also functions well as a  mask for everyday noise, becoming a calming, peaceful environment to guard  us from outside intrusion so that we may turn inward to find our own  peacefulness inside.  Eno has produced in this recording a multifaceted  jewel of quietness, inner rhythms, and a soothing refuge inside which we  can listen and let echo through our souls his own special rhythm.<br />I  highly recommend this beautiful work of art.
6305907145|5.0|Rozema rejected a boring script because she did not want a literary adaptation.  Instead, she wrote her own in seven months...So, if you are simply looking for a  screen illustration of Austin's novel, this film may not please you.  The  film stands on its own for cinematic merits.  The script is well-written  and works for screen presentation.  It is funny as well as intellectually  critical of Jane Austen's world.  For this reason, the film is one rare  piece that is BETTER than the novel -- because it examines and makes fun of  the novel's fictional world.  Go for it if you want a good laugh and a  glimpse at human relationship of the 19th century with an aristically well  constructed period piece.
B00004U8PA|5.0|The first time I saw this movie, I hated it.  But then my obsession grew. I continued going to midnight showings, bought the sound-track, and am a  regular renter of the film.  In fact, I rent it weekly. I am even in the  midst of constructing my own Columbia costume!  The madcap adventure of  Brad Majors (Barry Bostwick) and Janet Weiss (Susan Surandon) begins when  their car blows a flat.  Seeking shelter, and a phone, the two venture to  the castle of Dr. Frank N Furter (Tim Curry).  Then the mayhem begins!  Get  ready for &quot;lotsa larfs and sex&quot; with colorful characters,  sensational songs, and a screenplay that will leave you &quot;on a night  out you will never forget!&quot;  Let's do the Time Warp again!
B000002UDB|5.0|Another fantastic Beatles album, though it kind of gets lost when compared  to their other masterpieces (they had so many!), such as &quot;Abbey  Road,&quot; &quot;The White Album,&quot; &quot;Revolver,&quot; &quot;Rubber  Soul,&quot; and of course &quot;Sgt. Pepper's.&quot;  This is because it is  perhaps their least serious, wackiest, and least meaningful album.  But it  is also their most fun, dreamlike, and one of their most easily accessible  albums.  It is good for everyone, even those who are not Beatlemaniacs!  In  contrast with the &quot;White Album,&quot; almost all of these tracks can  be listened to separately and be considered top singles, as many were!  The  opening title track is very fun, though not as catchy as \\"Sgt. Pepper's.\\"   Then comes a superb song, the deepest of the album, Paul's \\"The Fool On the  Hill.\\"  It is lyrically and musically beautiful and touching.  George's  \\"Blue Jay Way\\" is his usual psychedelic song, but it is incredibly  low-keyed and rather creepy.  It's a pretty cool track, but not one of the  best of the album.  Paul's \\"Your Mother Should Know,\\" is a decent tune, but  hey it's the Beatles!  It was so hard for them to live up to their  standard, and this is not one of the gems of this album!  Not to mention it  is followed by one of John's perfect, wild, nonsensical masterpieces, \\"I Am  the Walrus.\\"  It's got the most bizarre lyrics, and very bizarre and warped  music to match.  It easily outdoes the following song, Paul's \\"Hello  Goodbye,\\" which is extremely catchy and shows Paul's talent as an  accomplished musician, but it is lyrically pale in comparison with many of  his other songs, and it is sandwiched between 2 magnificent, original, and  flawless Lennon tunes.  The following song is the very popular, dreamy, and  extremely creative \\"Strawberry Fields Forever,\\" which ranks right up there  with \\"I Am the Walrus,\\" and, as \\"I Am the Walrus,\\" its inventiveness and  impact is only surpassed by John's \\"A Day in the Life,\\" but it is much,  much weirder!  John Lennon was an absolute genius, and this album showcases  two of his very best compositions.  Paul's following retrospective song,  \\"Penny Lane,\\" is up to his usual standards, a very well written, lovely  tune.  It is a classic song, from the ultimate classic rock band.  \\"Baby  You're a Rich Man\\" is interesting and weird, but it is pretty simple.  The  last song, \\"All You Need is Love,\\" the optimistic hippie anthem, obviously  one of John's creations, is a very groovy 60s song!  It ties up the album  very well!<br />To sum it all up, this is not as fantastic as some of the  other later Beatles albums, but it definitely deserves its share of praise  and is more than worth owning!  Some of their best songs are included, \\"I  Am the Walrus,\\" \\"Strawberry Fields Forever,\\" and \\"Penny Lane.\\"  It is a  very good introduction to the Beatles, though I would have to say \\"Sgt.  Pepper's,\\" \\"Rubber Soul,\\" or \\"Revolver\\" would be better first choices.  All  other albums aside, this is a true masterpiece in itself, a dreamy escape  from reality!  Are you ready to go?  SPLENDID!  Roll up - Roll up for the  Mystery Tour!
0440219078|5.0|I really liked this book and how it was a different world were there was no colors and no memories the only person who had all the memories was the  giver. Thrould the book Jonas was receiving the memories and started seeing  colors. I liked how Jonas got memories of feelings like pain, love, anger,  happiness, and more. I loved this book and you will too. This is a great  pick.
B000002L6P|1.0|Wow!!!!!!!!Madonna set the example for the singer's of today,like  Britney,Christina Aguilera and even Rimes.What's next,all nudity.
0553213105|5.0|PNP was a delight to read. I'm not a fan of Jane Austen. I was in fact,  dismissive of her work as being too boring and feminist (though I insist  that the two are not necessarily related!) which led me to pick up this  novel to see for myself. For a story so well told, it's surprisingly well  paced with little attention to insignificant details and events. I would  have though Jane Austen novels spent page after page describing beautiful  English scenery but it's feelings and relationships that are the focus of  PNP. I can now understand why it's hugely popular with women; it reads like  a very sophisticated soap opera. There are handsome young men and ladies, a  dodgy character or two to make things interesting, and romantic  entanglements aplenty. I quite enjoyed following the relationship of  Elizabeth Bennet and the enigmatic Darcy. Things change a lot in 200 years,  but not when it comes to love. The language could be hard for many to  grasp, but that is my only reservation. Pride And Prejudice is a fine book  and one I recommend to anyone.
6304044836|5.0|The Harrison Ford version of Sabrina is one of my all-time favorite films.  It is a film that, after watching, I feel better than I did when it started.  A simple story, yes, but lovely...Sabrina is refreshing and  delightful...
0060207051|5.0|This book is a miracle worker for the tired parent.  I received the hardcover copy when my first child was born, and it was a fascination to  him at bedtime (age 1 - 3) and his siblings for years and years.<br />The  children's favorite part of this book has always been the search for the  teeny mouse, who is doing something on every page - sometimes he's hard to  find, and although the search went on repeatedly, there was always a squeal  of delight when he was found.<br />This book is a common gift item - the board  book for the child, especially - but a copy of the hardcover can become a  family library gift.  I only wish I could find mine - we went through 1  hardcover and 2 board books!<br />This is one book where multiple copies are  probably always going to be welcome.<br />Consider adding a bookplate with the  new child's name on it.
B00000JJQK|5.0|This is an album that literally should be in everyone's music collection.  There are few albums that are really &quot;must haves&quot; and this is one  of them. <br />The Beach Boys *are* an overrated band, and it is true that  most of their catalogue is devoted to an overwhelming amount of fluff. But  in 1966 they got it right, and this album is truly genuine...Brian Wilson's  songs are heartful introspections about growing up and realizing that our  fairy tale plans get shattered in the real world.<br />Historically  significant and entertaining. A perfect starting point for any rock  collection. Must have.
0393317552|5.0|This book sets out to answer the question: How did European people get such a big edge? What were the key differences between Eurasia and the rest  of the world that led to Europe having the wherewithal in 1492 to conquer  the Americas, instead of vice-versa.  The book makes a strong case for  geographic and biological environmental factors, and argues strongly  against factors involving presumed differences in the human 'races'.  The  geographic factors seem to be but common sence, (once Diamond has explained  them!) The biological environmental factors are more technical, and cannot  really be evaluated by the lay reader, but they are of such importance that  I would like to see more professional-level reviews.  Is North America as  poor in domesticable plant and animal species as Diamond says?  What do  other experts in the field say?<br />Basically, I'm with him. Part of the  motivation for writing this book is to put out, for public discussion and  edification, a strong theory to explain how Europeans/Asians &quot;got  ahead&quot;.  As Diamond points out, many of us think about this very  question, and many of us are stuck with unpalatable 'common sence' answers  along the lines of &quot;Native Americans (African, Aboriginal Australians)  are naturally primitive&quot; or &quot;The Cultures developed by non  Europeans are all fatally flawed (by warlikeness, laziness, conservatism,  communism, etc.)&quot;  I, myself, have wondered about this, and I am too  politically correct (which is now an insulting stereotype in-and-of itself)  to want to adopt, or even toy openly with any of these race-cultural  supremacist theories.  But the underlieing question is so important, we  MUST discuss it, and get this kind of thinking out into the light of day,  where it can be rigorously analysed and judged.  Diamond allows us to do  this by producing a thorough, well supported theory, covering almost every  aspect of this problem. He shows how it can be solved with out recourseto  the &quot;I guess those people are jest backward&quot; thinking.  Whether  all of the answers he suggests and supports will turn out to be the final  ones, is certainly open to debate.<br />The only drawback I would point out to  his book is that he does get a little repetitious.  Another serious round  of editing would have helped.  But perhaps repetition is not necessarily a  bad idea in driving some of his ideas home...<br />As for his reviewers...   One reviewer thought Diamond's position is that Whites represent the  pinnacle of modern society and that no one can usurp this distinction. This  is silly. Diamond is attempting to figure out what gave Whites/Europeans  their big edge in 1492.  That they had this edge is difficult to dispute.  He says nothing about whether they will keep it.  Most of his arguments  relate to cultures in isolations vs. those which are not.  Since none of us  are very isolated anymore (at least compared with the kinds of isolation  some peoples had in pre-European-exploration times), his work cannot be  said to make any projection about continued &quot;white&quot;  dominance.<br />Some reviewers complain his work is unoriginal.  I'm sure that  other experts in this field know that some of his theories and arguments  did not spring, unaided, from his mind alone.  I never had the impression  that he was attempting to make us think so, either.  He certainly cites  enough other references...  His great accomplishment is a clear, persuasive  synthesis of ideas that can be read and appreciated by the  non-expert.<br />One reviewed scoffed that Diamond is unduly wedded to the  idea that &quot;all men are created equal&quot;.  I didn't get that  impression from reading Diamond either.  He does suggest that all peoples  have their share of geniuses though, which I think would be difficult to  disprove.  <br />He is also thought to undervalue the importance of culture.  This is possible, but on the whole I disagree.  Diamond is talking about  very long time scales.  I think that when we are talking about thousands of  years, the physical constraints on the people are more important than any  voluntary cultural decisions they make.  As Diamond points out, any large  number of people will have some groups who are willing to try new things,  or who HAVE to try new things because they have been cut out of the best  real estate.  Over thousands of years, those who avail themselves of the  most successful possible food or technology will tend to automatically shut  out the others.  This may not be observable over a period of tens of years,  when cultural factors could easily conquer enlighted self-interest; maybe  cultural factors could even triumph over 100's of years. But I think  Diamond is more likely to be correct that over the time scale HE is  interested in, the boundary conditions (availability of plants, animals and  minerals) control the problem.<br />Another complaint is that he does not  adequately explain why the Fertile Crescent, with its big head start, or  China &quot;won&quot; the domination of Eurasia and hence the world.  I'd  say that the answer to this problem is not the purpose of Diamond's book.   The answers to this that question are more the province of conventional,  relatively modern history, in which transient cultural factors may prove  far more important than the &quot;initial conditions&quot; or  &quot;boundary conditions&quot;.  Reviewers who wanted to find the solution  to that problem clearly should have read another book, or perhaps be  writing their own.
B00003CXC7|5.0|I have seen this movie a bunch of times and its one of my favorite Hitchcock movies.  I never noticed till tonight tho that Grace Kelly says I  guess the dog knew too much or something like that, I found it funny since  Stewerts next Hitch movie was The Man who knew too much.
0780622553|5.0|This DVD is one of the best put together packages I have seen including some of the Criterion packages.  You would do well to buy this DVD.  The  DVD like the film was put together with much thought and care.  The quality  is magnificent and so is the sound.  *Everything* is done well.  I can only  hope that other DVDs attain this kind of quality as a standard.<br />I, like  other reviewers, am surprised by Amazon's review.  I would say that this  film has much in the way of plot and style.  It is one of the finest  homages to film noir that I have seen in awhile and it is a beautiful film  filled with details and extreme craftsmanship.<br />For fans of _City of Lost  Children_, _Matrix_ and even the _Truman Show_ it works on many of the same  planes.  Questioning of what is real and a certain underlying dread in the  everyday.  This film is markedly different from the Matrix because it does  not do homage to Hong Kong action films.  It uses dialogue to provide  movement and subtle, internal rhythms.<br />This is an important film and I  think that time will give it burnish.  You will watch it more than once so  you will get your money's worth.<br />If you are a fan of science fiction,  film noir, or just there for the visuals then this DVD is for you.
B00002Z88D|5.0|Usually when  I see a double CD especially a LIVE one, I know it usually  will disapoint.  However  when I saw a brief taste of this concert on the  tube, it jumped out as a must own.  This thing rocks as hard as any CD I  own!!!  The symphony ( San Fran's world famous ) adds a new dimension to  the heavy drum/guitar sound of Metallica and takes Jason's voice to a  higher level than ever before.  See for yourself.  This is a must have for  any Metallica fan.  I can't stop listening to the first track on disk 2,  Nothing Else Matters.  A song I didn't realy used to like that much.
B00003CWPR|5.0|...I must honestly say that this was an incredible movie. The cinematography was amazing, dark sequences, an  excellent soundtrack that fit the movie well, dare I say, it was a  masterpiece. Certainly, 'Eyes Wide Shut' pales in comparison to Kubrick's  earlier works, such as 'The Shining', and 'Full Metal Jacket', but when  presented in the late 1990's, it is actually a breath of fresh air...<br />Right from the  beginning, the viewer knows that 'Eyes Wide Shut' isn't going to be one of  your run-of-the-mill suspenseful films. Although the movie gets off to a  slow start, it picks up pace, and the viewer doesn't really understand  what's going on. First, the protagonist of the movie, Tom Cruise, meets a  member of a Jazz band(a former classmate in College) at some sort of  function, the Jazz player tells Cruise about a &quot;really strange  gig&quot; he had at a Mansion earlier. Since Cruise is having a turbelent  time in his household, he decides he wants to see what exactly the Jazz  Musician is talking about. And once he discovers what the Musician was  talking about, he is probably sorry that he ever met the Jazz Musician.  Cruise is involved in an oddysey where people are murdered, wealthy and  notorious people belong to secret societies, and participate in strange and  disturbing orgies, the viewer knows the Protagonist will never be the same  after what he experienced. Although I am not  a &quot;movie Buff&quot;, I  still recommend this movie nonetheless. Taken in the context of Kubrick's  earlier works, it's probably not the best movie, but taken in the context  of 90's cinema, it can be considered a masterpiece...
B0000020C4|5.0|This is a phenominal cast and will always be my very favorite!Here are my  thoughts on the characters:<br />Philip Quast/Javert- He delivers a strong-  almost frightening Javert that haunts you- especially in his suicide scene!  Colm Wilkinson/Jean Valjean- His voice is gruff and in my mind perfect for  Valjean. He fills the speakers with pure emotion!  Ruthie Henshall/Fantine-  Ruthie has a uniquelly beautiful voice that makes Fantine very memorable! I  love her voice -though some people say she over does the emotion of the  songs- I just think she gives a heart-wrenching performance! Michael Ball/  Marius - What can I say? A spectacular singer/actor and just plain  adorable! No wonder all the girls fall in love with him! Michael  Maguire/Enjolras- He has a wonderful voice and delivers  a very good  interpretation of Enjolras. You can just hear the determination and hope  and almost obsession in his voice!! Besides that he is cute! Judy  Kunh/Cosette- Well... She has a nice voice, but initially she didn't strike  me very much. She still is not my favorite actress but she has grown a bit  more on me. It just seems to me that she has relatively low emotion and she  sounds more as if she is simply singing the notes. I think that she sounds  a bit shrill in the higher range and a lower range would be much better.  Lea Salonga/Eponine- WOW!!! I'm sorry- but I am completely befuddled on how  people can consider her too bitter or too nasal even! Her  strong  crystaline voice and wonderful portrayal of Eponine made me fall in love  with the character!! Besides- why exactly would Eponine be a sweet  character? Think of all she's been through! I wouldn't be suprized if she  was totally bitter- but I just do not think that Lea is bitter. I think  people must be mistaking a strong voice for a bitter one. I love Lea and  she IS Eponine. Adam Searles/Gavroche- All I can say is  I ADORE HIM!!!! I  COMPLETELY fell in love with him!! His strong and but pure voice never  misses a note and that accent is DARLING! He also just brought the  character to life like I've never seen/heard before! He is a wonderful  actor! The PERFECT Gavroche!! To me- there is no other. Hannah Chick/Young  Cosette- a sweet little singer- though a bit flat/sharp at times. She is  darling overall! The Thernardiers- they were very good at portraying these  evil innkeepers, they were the comic releif in the play and I like their  version best of any I've heard. (I'm sorry if I left anyone out- I can't  think right now.) This whole Cast truely is a dream cast and my very very  favorite cast!! I love it and I have the CD's which I constantly listen to.  Overall- this is the bvest I've ever heard! It's well worth it!
B000003S5H|4.0|On a far away planet where night is all day, and the streets are lit with magical glitter balls that mesmerise passers by, where the sky is sprinkled  with silver stars, that seem to embed themselves in ones eye, AIR are in  the wind.<br />The new colony that have settled here needed a soundtrack to  immerse themselves in whilst they built their new lives.  And what a  soundtrack it is.<br />I can almost see Kelly watching the stars, through the  window of her bubble jet.  I can feel Beth Hirsch's conviction in &quot;YOU  MAKE IT EASY&quot;, so much so that I actually want to meet the amazing  subject matter myself.<br />Floating across the sky, I hum the unmistakable  tune of &quot;REMEMBER&quot; until I catch a glance of the strange and  cheesy, yet curiously endearing &quot;SEXY BOY&quot;.<br />OK.  So I don't  live on the moon but I was really getting into that.  Because you do get  into AIR.<br />                           In a big way.<br />Jean-Benoit Dunckel  and Nicholas Godin have created a soundscape with their kooky instrumentals  (all played personally), and tapped into a dreamscape with their lyrics.  I  can't tell you any other artists that I think you could compare them to.   You can safely say that AIR are unique.     This is indeed a MOON SAFARI,  through the jungle of spacedust and over the crators of electronic kitsch.   A journey that will make you smile. smile, smile, smile.  These are easy  sounds for lazy space days.<br />And whilst I gave no thought to the the  sounds that I would like to hear at zero gravity, I'm thankful that i'll  have AIR with me should I ever book that moon ticket with Pan Am.
0671034065|5.0|Thank you Linda Howard for writing about a woman who is just as strong and  cocky (no pun intended) as the hero. Although I have enjoyed all of Ms  Howard's books; her recent heroines have not appealed to me much: they've  been way too limp and passive for my tastes. Her heroes are  very strong  and I really like to see the woman they fall for &quot;deserve&quot; them.
0451169514|5.0|This book was a thriller of a life time. It is a killer clown who lives in  the sewer. Now all these people remember it and it comes back to haunt  them. It was very scary. I will never lie to you. This killer thriller was  my type of Stephen King book. I predict the same for a lot of people.
6302293553|5.0|When I was in college, post-colonial literary theory was very trendy.  But each time one of my profs would launch into another leftist  Wretched-of-the-Earth spiel, all I could ever think of was Dennis the  peasant yelping, &quot;Now we see the violence inherent in the  system.&quot;  Such is the beauty of Monty Python and the Holy Grail,  casting its absurd light so far.  You may never look at Arthurian  romanticism, medieval monks, the Trojan War, French people, rabbits, or  shrubbery the same way again.  It's worth it, though, because this movie is  just so clever and so funny.  A co-worker and I were only TALKING about it  the other day, and we were doubled over with tears running down our faces.   A classic.
068484267X|4.0|This is one of  the most beautifully written memoir's I have ever read. It  is hard to say this about the book as a critique, but it is almost too sad.  The reason I hesitate to say that is because its a true story. If you are  feeling down, do not read this book... find something lighter... but if you  feel deep and intellectual, wanting to discover a deeper meaning of what it  is to be human... DIVE IN!
B00004THAY|5.0|Eric Clapton and B.B. King come together musically on this cd, and it is  probably the best new album I've bought in a while.   I liked every song on  this c.d. This is a great album, whether you are a B.B. fan or Clapton, it  is pure genuis at work here.  They sound amazing. I have no idea how old  B.B. is, but he can still wail on his guitar.  There is no doubt that he  was a major influence of Clapton.  They both do some of their best playing  on this cd.  If you are fan of either or both, you will love this cd.
B00004THAY|4.0|An excellent blend of Clapton and King.  I give it 4 stars only because  his (BB) &quot;How Blue Can You Get Live Performances 1970(?) - 1994  (?)&quot; is the best piece of music I own and this album is not quite  that.  If you can check out BB live on tour this summer, go!  There aren't  many 74 year olds still playing 23 times a month.  He is playing in the BB  King Blues festival with Buddy Guy and Susan Tedeshi (?).
6304578482|5.0|Watching this movie brought so many memories of high school.  I graduated in 1987, and also had my 10th reunion when this movie came out.  I identify  with the characters' Romy and Michele in the loner way, in the way that  they always wanted to be accepted by their peers, and were tortured  repeatedly by the &quot;A&quot; group of their class. IT is great hearing  all the music again too that I listened to back in my high school days.   This is a light hearted film, that shouldn't be taken too seriously.  It  has a lot of great dialogue, and the best acting nod has to go to Alan  Cumming as Sandy Frink. He is an extremely talented and versatile actor.   He will make you laugh in this movie.  Both Lisa Kudrow and Mira Sorvino  are very funny and very believable as the &quot;airheads&quot; Romy and  Michele.  Janine Garofelo plays the &quot;loner&quot; Heather Mooney.  She  is hysterical in this film.  This film is in my video library and it's fun  watching it again and again.  It's a great light hearted comedy, and  although I think they could have done more with the ending, it was a cool  ending.   If you are 31 years old(male or female), and feeling nostalgic  for the high school days, rent Romy and Michele.
B0000024TQ|5.0|...I do agree that this album showcases both Paul Simon's extraordinary talents as well as  those of the amazing Art Garfunkel (remember him? He was half the  incredible folk duo). From the haunting \\"Bookends Theme\\" to the funky and  socially conscious \\"Save The Life Of My Child\\" to the evocative refrains of  \\"America\\", all of us who lived through this CD while in undergraduate  school in the late 1960s hold this effort by Simon and Garfunkel close to  our hearts. With this song cycle, Simon had us all considering what it  meant to grow old and feeble, and consider what the arc of our lives would  mean. This was heavy stuff for 22 year olds.<br />Fifteen years ago a close  friend gave me a finely lithographed set of the \\"Old Friends\\" lyrics after  I shared his troubles when his mother died, telling me I was the guy he  wanted to share the other end of the bench with at seventy.  He's gone now,  too, certainly gone too soon. A lot of the rest of the CD is interesting  and spunky, but represents another side of the duo than from the thoughtful  excursion into aging and what time means to us all that the original \\"A\\"  side of the album represented.  \\"Faking It\\" was an inside joke, using the  name of British poet, singer, and songwriter Donovan Leitch (Mellow Yellow)  as the tailor at the end. Simon was really expressing his amazement  regarding the turn in his own life circumstances; Simon is serious, though,  when he says &quot;I have a tailor's face and hands&quot; (his grandfather  had been a Jewish tailor in Germany). Punky\\"s Dilemma\\" is a satiric look at  the times, a la \\"A Simple Desultory Philippic\\" on the Parsley Sage album.<br />The rest of the songs included, \\"Mrs. Robinson\\", \\"A Hazy Shade Of  Winter\\", and \\"At The Zoo\\", were all released as singles, and provided the  staying power for the album's long ride in Billboard's top 100 albums. Of  course, the fact that the smash movie \\"The Graduate\\" with a Simon &amp;  Garfunkel soundtrack was released at about the same time didn't hurt. This  is a terrific album by the duo when they were at the peak of their  popularity, and it is one every true-blue fan of folk-rock should have on  his or her shelf. Do me a favor, though. Listen carefully to the first  seven cuts and Paul's take on growing old. It is painful, elegant, and  timeless, something well worth listening to again and again. Enjoy.he same time didn't hurt. This  is a terrific album by the duo when they were at the peak of their  popularity, and it is one every true-blue fan of folk-rock should have on  his or her shelf. Do me a favor, though. Listen carefully to the first  seven cuts and Paul's take on growing old. It is painful, elegant, and  timeless, something well worth listening to again and again. Enjoy.
B00000K19E|4.0|Eye-popping special effects. Amazing Doby audio. A surprisingly deep, disturbng and meaningful plot. High-value extra features for both your  DVD-player and your DVD-Rom drive.<br />The movie lends itself to Kung-Fu,  Science Fiction, Cyberpunk and ala-Hackers movies, and imitates them all  very well. <br />The Matrix is godsend for those of you who love their action  movies thick and fast with that little hint of intelligence. As testament  to this, The Matrix grossed nearly US$500 million in the American  box-office last year.<br />The world as we see it is 'not really as it seems'.  Instead, we are part of an alternate, simulated world; reality is alot  darker than it seems. Keanu Reeves is outstanding as Neo, the person whom  the story revolves around. To reveal anything more concerning the plot  would spoil the movie. Laurence Fishburne (Morpheus) and Carrie Ann-Moss  (trinity) also play their parts very well. <br />The directors and the  production team also deserve high praise for the superb camera work and  sounds (they won several Academy Awards).<br />The first viewing of The Matrix  may be puzzling because of the complications involved in the story-line and  script, but the second viewing really does reveal and uncover anything you  may have overlooked the first time. <br />Buy The Matrix to show your friends  why you bought your DVD-player. Not only will they be impressed by the  effects, the above-average acting and the camera-work, but they will be  left genuinely puzzled by the enigmatic story. <br />The Matrix is a smashing  film on a smashing DVD, and for viewers who are will to allow for some  creative-license and a reprise from more serious films, The Matrix is a  must-buy. <br />Also recommended (although totally unrelated): Aving Private  Ryan, The Truman Show, Bladerunner, The Godfather, Philadelhpia
B00000IAU3|5.0|No Angel is more than I had hoped for ... and unlike most of the other  reviewers here, I was waiting and waiting for this one with much  anticipation.  All of you who checked this one out due to Eminem or  Roswell, take another chance and check out some of Dido's other  collaborations with her brother, Rollo, and posse in FAITHLESS.  If you  like My Lover's Gone, listen to FAITHLESS-SUNDAY 8PM and REVERENCE.  Not  only does the song Postcards feature parts of MLG, but both albums showcase  some of her wonderful vocal contributions (Hem of his Garment /Flowerstand  Man).  America is missing out on FAITHLESS, where the rest of the world  knows them as one of the best/eclectic/diverse modern bands in existance.  NO ANGEL is marvelous, and DIDO's solo efforts and writing shine.  If you  like TAKE MY HAND, you'll love FAITHLESS too!
B000000JO3|5.0|Ian McKay is the punk worlds answer to Bob Dylan.  Minor Threat embodies the 80's DC punk scene like no other group on record.  Way ahead of his  time with social and political angst, McKay's lyrics accurately reflect the  80's punk culture and their emotions about the state of affairs at the  time.  It's interesting to note that most of his lyrics were coined before  he was of legal drinking age, which makes an even more profound statement.   The Minor Threat style of music is in your face and often difficult to  comprehend, but do not be afraid.  After you have listened to it about 4  times through you will be humming along with the fellas.  The best part is  that almost all of their recordings are conveniently located on one CD.  A  must buy!
B0000047BA|5.0|THIS SOUNDTRACK (THE HOT SPOT) IS ONE OF THE BEST BLUE'S AND JAZZ,SOUNDTRACK THAT I HAVE EVER HEARD.JOHN LEE HOOKER IS AWESOME WITH THE HUMMING,MILES DAVIS IS EXCELLENT ON HIS HORN.THIS IS A MUST BUY SOUNDTRACK.IF YOU LOVE DOWNHOME BLUES THEN CHECK OUT THIS SOUNDTRACK.
B000001G16|5.0|in the first time i heard richie debut album i thought that no one can  produce such emotional record but richie imself. this album is all i expect  from richie to bring out.  full of soul and blues straight from is heart  and soul, mixing soft and hard guitars riffs being  amazinly perfect mixing  toghter. songs about real life in today world and all the problems involved  in our reality. i felt that richie gave us the people that really respect  him the chance to see things from is real life and down from is heart and  soul. songs such as &quot;stranger in this town&quot;, &quot;ballad of  youth&quot; and ofcourse &quot;the answer&quot; get you inside richie mind  for 54min of magical journy. well richie after two awsomes records i just  hope that you would give us some more great magical moments of your own  music in the future to come. e y a l      israel
B00000ICET|5.0|This is a great film, a classic in low-budget filmmaking, and a brilliant counterpoint to whole space travel genre.<br />However, I'm disappointed with  the &quot;as the directors originally intended&quot; cut, which leaves out  three scenes (they are tacked on to the end of the VHS tape). I  particularly miss the stir-crazy in the food storage locker scene, which  was so perfect at conveying the idea of space travel as sheer boredom. The  plot isn't as appropriately aimless without these scenes.
B00004R99J|3.0|This movie has its high points (a couple of good songs, some beautiful animation) but these moments are too rare to make Pocahontas truly  enjoyable.  The moralizing is constant and oppressive--even for a Disney  film!  Most of the characters are uninteresting in the extreme, and the  typical comic relief animals are more annoying than in most animated  fare.<br />I'm sure the kids will enjoy Pocahontas, but adults will find  themselves cringing, groaning or yawning.
0767903854|5.0|My big evening treat this summer was sitting on my sunporch reading IN A  SUNBURNED COUNTRY. I loved traveling through Australia through the medium  of Bill Bryson's fascinating book. His writing is brilliant; his humor  delights me.  But, sadly, I had to come to the end, and now I want to know:  how long do we have to wait for your next, Bill? Hurry!
0811806405|5.0|Yes, they call them &quot;Luthiers,&quot; and this is one of the books  that will get you started in learning the trade.  But, you need not have  building guitars for a living as your goal to enjoy and value this  book.<br /><br />Anyone who has a broken or damaged instrument, should know when  it is time to take it to a Luthier for the needed repair, or when it is  something he might tackle himself.  In the latter case, it would be well to  have this book, and one written by Hideo Kamimoto, called Complete Guitar  Repair.  Of the two books, this one is by far the most complete, as you  might expect. Kamimoto's book is more specifically aimed at repairs, as the  title suggests.<br /><br />Any guitar player, after he or she learns the scales  and how to place their hands and fingers on the instrument and to tune it,  will sooner or later develop a respect and curiosity for their instrument.  They will want to know what makes one instrument sound better than another,  or why the action is harder on the fingers on one, and relatively soft and  quick on another.<br /><br />What is the difference in strings, what wood gives  the best resonance in a sound board, why the differences in sizes and  shapes?<br /><br />Gradually, as your interest widens, you will come to this kind  of book.  This is one of the best.  From it, you will learn all of the  above, and more.  If you are willing to invest years, and acquire the tools  and the skills, perhaps you will eventually build your own guitar.  But,  whether you do or not, this is a valuable book for any guitar  aficionado.<br /><br />Joseph Pierre
0792151712|5.0|Yeah, I loved it.  I'm not a teeny-booper...But it truly manipulated the audience.  I loved it!  I cared about the romance, I cared about the boat sinking, and I cared about  Jack's death...I was crying like a baby...I was crying mostly for the deaths of the extras.  When they  spotlighted all the people settling into their cabins to die...  heartbreaking.   And the final reunion... that got me too. I'm sorry, but  it was designed to get you to like it. The effects were amazing also.  The  boat is beautiful...
B000002HH2|5.0|This is bjork's best cd.  Homogenic is, well, homogenic!  It's all the  same.  Telegram is fine, bust it's just your run of the muck remix album.   Debut is fine, but it's her debut.  She hadn't totally gotten into her new  style yet.  In Post Bjork has a sence of her new style, and goes above and  beyond it.  Each song on the disc seems to offer a new sub-style.  She hops  between industrial, to soft techno-ballads to  neo-swing.
0783226063|5.0|I've seen plenty of movies in my day and i have to say this is the best movie of all times.
B000002TYX|5.0|Lets face it people; their will be no other band as good as the Beatles  were. Sure The Rolling Stones, Jimi Hendrix, and Bob Dylan were all great  but this is the band that changed the world. The Beatles Anthology Volume 1  is a terrific choice of purchase for any and every body who loves the  Beatles as much as I do. Ill admit it, Iam a KoRn fan who is 17. But these  guys are so good Im not afraid to admit it. Paul McCartney is the greatest  vocalist of all time. Its just a horrible thing John Lennon died. Sad sad  thing. Anyway everybody should definetly purchase this album. Any fan of  music in general should love it.
0671034065|5.0|As a long-time fan of Ms. Howard's more suspense-related books, I found  Mr. Perfect a delightful read. Some critics may argue that there was too  little romance and too much story - but not this fan! A great balance, with  enough personal stuff to make you care about the characters and  want to  spend time with them; enough of a real mystery/ suspense to keep the pages  churning. And enough laughs to keep this fan looking for more!
B00000163G|5.0|2Pac is probably one of the greatest entertainers to come in a long long time. He has turned around rap in alot of ways. Nobody else can rhyme like  this guy. He is stunning. All Eyes On Me is perhaps his greatest album he  came out with. Their are elements on this record that are still bizarre and  amazing. It would be amazing if anybody else could catch up with this. Its  so good. But it probably wont. 2Pac is just like the Beatles. Their will be  no other rapper out there who can become as good as he can. Not Master.P,  Juvenile, Puff Daddy, nobody. A definete must buy.
158234082X|1.0|After reading several magazine reviews of this book I anticpated an intriguing, tell-all story from a culinary insider. Bourdain is an insider  but his book is an unintersting mess of &quot;so what, who cares&quot;  insights into the world of (oh boy, I'm impressed ... not) NY restaurants.  He throws around chefs names like they mean something to anyone but  restaurant reviewers, exhibits no depth of character (I took drugs, I'm  bad, really bad, no, really), and is a sloppy, repetitive writer (how many  times can he tell readers we should learn Spanish if we're really serious  about running a restaurant, because the best cooks are of Latin American  desent?). I heartily recommend passing on this book to anyone who desires  an even remotely entertaining, insightful or interesting look at the food  business. This book should never have been printed.
0446677450|4.0|Rich Dad, Poor Dad focuses on the author as a child. He is torn between  the advice of his dad, and his best friend's dad. It is a real eye opener  because his dad is highly educated, yet poor, while his best friend's dad  lacks education, but is rich.<br />It shows the importance of thought, the  author would hear contradicting views on the same subject from his two dads  and he had to think about why each said what they did. It is not so much  important what path you take to financial freedom, only that you physically  and mentally move towards that path. By listening to each father's side,  Robert could compare and contrast the advice, forcing his brain to think  and make decisions. It is then and only then, do we as humans unlock our  full potential.<br />The books demonstrates that there is a distinct  difference between general education and financial intelligence. The key to  financial freedom is a good mix of both. General education opens doors for  you, while financial intelligence guides you through them.<br />The book is  quick read and i would recommend it to anyone who has the drive and desire  to get ahead as we leave the industrial age and enter the information age.
B000002H97|5.0|Timeless music. No as much power as previous albums but this one is by far  the most meaningful. This is no less than an epic.
B00003CWTI|5.0|This is one of the best movies I have seen in a long time.  Having watched it at home we had to struggle with the length, the adult scenes ( which  were many ) when our youngest came strolling in...it was hard to follow,  via the film techniques used, multiple plot lines and endless interruptions  that accompany home viewing. Though it was long and I was exhausted by the  end of the movie I really felt it was a great movie...one I may buy as a  DVD.
6302881005|3.0|INDECENT PROPOSAL, along with THE DEVIL'S ADVOCATE (Al Pacino and Keanu Reeves) are two of the most entertaining morality plays out there.  The  moral to the story, without needing to go into Christian theology or  anything else is really simple: there's no such thing as a free lunch.  I  remember when the movie was out in the theatres and the many sound bite  talk show people would ask guests and people on the street if they would do  what the couple Demi Moore and Woody Harrelson did in the film; so many  fools said &quot;yes, in a heartbeat&quot; and I wondered about the  education system of our country!  The line of the stylish Robert Redford  when Demi Moore accused him (while slowly being seduced by him) of being a  man &quot;who likes to own things&quot; summed up the whole movie:  &quot;You think I need to BUY women?&quot;  Redford, a man in this movie  who as a billionaire has seen and caused the birth and death of  multi-national corporations the size of ancient civilizations, knew EXACTLY  what would happen to their marriage, and to their mind- and to her heart,  if they knowingly accepted this proposal most indecent. He depended on  THEIR arrogance and scoffing at the fragile nature of human relationships  and the invisible architecture of the human soul; knowing, like every man  (and woman) with a secret plan for another human being, that that would  bring about the predictable but unexpected chain of outer events.  The  movie's most poignant turn, however, is when he reveals the road not taken  in HIS life, with all his billions, and how that has generated much of his  actions.  Only then do we really discover under no uncertain terms what he  wants, and what he is willing to do to get it.  That really begins the  falling domino of epiphanies that leads to the revealing of the gentle,  fragile and beautiful hearts of all three of the characters, and the  transcendent power of love, committment and surrender.<br />It's a good  guy/girl movie as well, because Woody Harrelson is so much the All-American  man, full of rambunctious flaws and money problems (can't relate), where  Robert Redford is, well, Robert Redford; he is the next best thing to Sean  Connery's James Bond in this movie when it comes to the debonair, power-  broker man the women couldn't resist if he had a 30k a year job, let alone  making 30k every couple of hours.  The testosterone is there.  Combine  that with the transformation of both of their characters because of the  love of Demi Moore, who can play the dichotomous strong/weak women better  than most of the Hollywood actresses out there still (if she would just  take better scripts- aren't the bills paid sweetie?), and you've got more  intelligent INNER action, romance and sympathy than you can shake a stick  at.<br />Worth owning.  Ignore some of it's flaws (too miniscule to mention  really; if you want CASABLANCA than buy that for Gawd sakes) and you'll  have a great time with it- perhaps even learn something about yourself that  you didn't know you knew.ll, because Woody Harrelson is so much the All-American  man, full of rambunctious flaws and money problems (can't relate), where  Robert Redford is, well, Robert Redford; he is the next best thing to Sean  Connery's James Bond in this movie when it comes to the debonair, power-  broker man the women couldn't resist if he had a 30k a year job, let alone  making 30k every couple of hours.   The testosterone is there.  Combine  that with the transformation of both of their characters because of the  love of Demi Moore, who can play the dichotomous strong/weak women better  than most of the Hollywood actresses out there still (if she would just  take better scripts- aren't the bills paid sweetie?), and you've got more  intelligent INNER action, romance and sympathy than you can shake a stick  at.<br />Worth owning.  Ignore some of it's flaws (too miniscule to mention  really; if you want CASABLANCA than buy that for Gawd sakes) and you'll  have a great time with it- perhaps even learn something about yourself that  you didn't know you knew.
B00004R99T|1.0|When I first heard that Disney was making a sequel to &quot;Pocahontas&quot;, I wondered if they would do it jusice, or butcher  it. Obviously, they got themselves in quite a predicament here. They  couldn't be true to the original without murdering history and they  couldn't be true to history (what gave them the urge to suddenly be loyal  to history, anyway?) without murdering the original. The brilliant  solution: murder both! Okay, let me put in more detail. First of all, they  took John Smith, who was my favorite of Disney's male heros, and not only  drained his brain, but drained his heart. He doesn't even care when he  finds out that Pocahontas fell for John Rolfe! Honestly!  And what's the  big idea of making Pocahontas fall for him anyway!  The Rolfe guy is a  total jerk,and suddenly Pocahontas loves him!They didn't want us to like  John Smith anymore, that's what it is! They didn't want us to say  &quot;Come on, Pocahontas, you know who you really love!&quot; No, they  wanted us to say &quot;You go, girl! Dump him! Dump him!&quot; So the movie  rushes by without any real emotion, plenty of scenes where a wisecracking,  swashbuckling John Smith uses his sword to show off, and a lame mix of fact  and fancy. Forget history, Pocahontas and John Smith seem like the LAST  Disney couple that would &quot;divorce&quot;!  I refuse to believe that  this guy is the same John Smith that was in the original! It simply can't  be!  You remember &quot;Colors of the Wind&quot; from the original? That  was one of the most moving transformations that Disney ever cranked up! So  how was Pocahontas's influence on him only temporary!  The only logical  explanations would be that John Smith was posessed by an evil spirt, or  hypnotized between movies, or this is his evil twin! Although John Smith is  the most notable butchering of the original, it's not the only thing they  did to it. The animation is terrible, the songs are only so-so, and, with  all due respect to Native Americans, Pocahontas acts like a jerk. In the  final battle, she just sits around under Ratcliffe's sword, waiting to be  rescued by John Smith. Honestly!  I'm not a picky feminest, but that's  ridiculous! Also, so many things are left hanging, such as why does  Ratcliffe have such a strong influence on the  king when he came home in  chains? In short, this movie is murder. You can feel that Disney is walking  through the film on tiptoe, not wanting to upset anyone. Well they upset  me! Badly done, Disney!
B000002BFZ|5.0|This is Pearl Jam's best album. While not as exciting as Ten or filled  with hit songs like Vitalogy, it is their most complete album from top to  bottom. Nearly every song is good, and the writing on the album is Vedder's  best. Musically, it is Pearl Jam's most diverse album, with elements of  folk, eastern, punk, rock and country. Unfortunately, this album tends to  be overlooked because of the lack of hit singles. Only &quot;Who You  Are&quot; and &quot;Present Tense&quot; received any airplay, but this  album is about feeling, not popularity. I feel at peace when I listen to No  Code. Don't ignore it.
B00002E233|5.0|1st ov all, these sharks certainly do bite! How can u not like this?  U simply get 3 gigantic blood thirsty sharks stalking humans, and tearing  them to shreds with their jaws ov death.. I loved this movie, not only is  the plot, and violence great, but has some excellent acting to back it up..  If u are looking for an excellent flick filled with thrills, laughs,  action, and great directing, then please look NO further..
6303012140|4.0|There are very few movies that pull off having action and humor in the same film.  Some tend to be a little heavy with one or the other.  But in  this case, this movie pulls it off with such sarcastic aplomb.  My favorite  part is when Spartan goes to the language machine and says &quot;Thanks a  lot you...(you remember the rest when you see the movie)&quot; so that he  can get some toilet paper.
6303187064|5.0|This movie is brilliant, and ive watched it at least 30 times. It tells the tragic tale of Eric Draven, who was brave enough to stand up to tyrants  trying to control the city, but ends up losing his, and his girlfriends  life! This crime was so horrible, and filled with so much sadness, that a  crow turned around and brought him back from the dead. Eric Draven has  returned to stake his vengeance! This movie is filled with action,  suspense, and a great acting job by Brandon Lee (RIP). May The Crow forever  lie in annal's of great films!
6305807043|5.0|Being a 16 year old girl who loves existantial and weird movies such as this can be trying when you want to go to a movie with some friends, but i  don't mind my tastes when movies like this come out! Being John Malkovich  works on an amazing array of levels. The outer layer is a sad fantasy story  of a man who finds a portal into another man's brain, and takes his life  over. But on another level it is a story of love and loss, and complex  passions. on the deepest, best level, it is an exploration into the wants  and needs of the human mind and soul. It begs to be examined over and over  again in order to fully understand it's complexity and beauty. And if all  that confused the heck out of you, don't get this movie. Of course, if i  have piqued your interest, by all means, get it, and enjoy!
6304167660|3.0|Ahh...beautiful girls. Beautiful girls. As one character (played by the ever-annoying Michael Rapaport) theorizes, a beautiful girl is  &quot;nothing but bottled promise-the promise of a new tomorrow!&quot;  Oddly enough Ted Demme's BEAUTIFUL GIRLS revolves little around the subject  of beautiful women, but focuses on the promise of a new tomorrow-and does  so to a middling effect.<br />BEAUTIFUL GIRLS is largely a slice-of-life tale  detailing the means by which Willie (an able Timothy Hutton) transverses a  sort of early-mid-life crossroads. He's come to a point of ambiguity in his  life: his career as a bar-pianist hasn't quite panned out like he'd hoped  and his successful lawyer/girlfriend of eleven months wants a commitment  for which he's not certain he's ready. Just in the nick of time, comes  Willie's ten-year high school reunion-a time to visit old friends and sort  out the mess of his life.<br />The film becomes an ensemble piece soon after  Willie's arrival home. We meet his old High School buddies (none of whom  have had any motivation to leave their small town) and find they have  problems of their own. Tommy (Matt Dillon)-much to the dismay of his  present, long-suffering girlfriend (Mira Sorvino)-is hopelessly infatuated  with Darian (Lauren Holly), his now-married, ex-High School sweetheart.  Paul (Michael Rapaport) has just been dumped by his girlfriend of seven  years (Martha Plimpton) for a meat-cutter because he refuses to commit.  BEAUTIFUL GIRLS weaves in and out of these several stories sometimes with  verve and sometimes without.<br />The most interesting of these stories is, of  course, Willie's own. Upon arrival to the house of his youth (now marred by  the death of his mother a few years prior), he meets Marty (a sublime role  essayed by young Natalie Portman), the 13 year-old daughter of some  neighbors who have moved in since his own departure. Through a series of  conversations chock-full of literary references (to Shakespeare, Milne,Nabakov, etc.) Marty develops a crush on Willie who remains sixteen years  her senior and Willie begins to seriously contemplate waiting for this  young sweetheart. As &quot;dirty-ol' man&quot; as this might sound on  paper, the audience, due to Portman's and Hutton's acting, is actually  given a glimpse into what might drive such a fascination. The chemistry  between Willie and Marty is undeniable and in fact, possibly stronger than  that between Jennifer Lopez and George Clooney in OUT OF SIGHT.<br />Another  aspect that added to the film's quality was the manner of resolutions:  though many loose ends are tied up in the final moments, like real life,  many things (to the movie's credit) remain unresolved. All told, BEAUTIFUL  GIRLS hits in some aspects and misses in others, but shouldn't be missed if  for no other reason than to catch Natalie Portman and Timothy Hutton in  fine form.
B0000247D1|5.0|There are many outstanding recordings of this work.  This with out a doubt  has to be one of the best.  The playing is always outstanding and Wand  shows that he is (most likely) the best Bruckner conductor alive today.  In  terms of comparing other recordings, most of the best have been made with  the same orchestra (Berlin Philharmonic) with Barenboim, Karajan, etc.   While Wand's conduct is outstanding to say the least, there is a reason why  he seleceted the Berlin Philharmonic.  A great disc
B00004W5UA|5.0|Most people consider this movie to be all about macho bull, a bunch of guys blowing things up, etc, etc. On the contrary, this movie was about our  narcissistic personalities which flourish and are encouraged in our  society. The character Tyler Derdan was fighting against this cesspool of  self pity and mass-marketed &quot;individuality.&quot; By feeling pain and  being able to hold no grudges against the inflictor of this pain, one is  able to dry the tears of self-sorrow and break the boundrys of this generic  creativity pressed upon us by Pottery Barn and Ikea. Industries revolve  around fantasy worlds created in our minds to escape reality. &quot;Fight  Club&quot; is about embracing reality without fear and accepting the pain  it brings.       I live at the center of narcissism and generic  &quot;taste&quot; (i.e. Mill Valley) This movie really struck home. Many  people don't understand it, but to those who do it's worth their time.
B00004SVID|5.0|ill keep it simple: Great pink floyd, by the movie and the CD.
6304510861|4.0|To Amazon and David Lynch: I'll buy a copy of &quot;Lost Highway&quot; when it comes out on DVD, okay? The home theater setup that my partner and  I have invested in has spoiled us, and we don't even bother with VHS  anymore. Videotape pales in comparison to the superior audio and visual  quality of DVD.<br />The first time I saw &quot;Lost Highway&quot; was by way  of a very poorly transferred preview tape with a timecode at the bottom of  the screen. The lousy video and audio quality combined with the extremely  oblique plot and narrative structure left me scratching my head and saying,  &quot;HUH?&quot; Later, when the film made its way to one of our local  movie theaters, I decided to give it another chance. That the audio and  visual quality was vastly better goes without saying ... and I was also  able to mull over the story and at least try to piece together the puzzle.  After I viewed the film yet a third time, having rented a copy from a video  store, my opinion of it had improved greatly.<br />But make no mistake about  it: Viewers who like their movies spoon-fed to them and want plot and  narrative to be tidy and neat will not like this film. In &quot;Lost  Highway&quot; David Lynch has given us a world in which the notions of  cause and effect are not QUITE was we are accustomed to, a world in which  one might literally assume a new identity if pushed to emotional extremis,  a world in which one might come face to face with his own doppleganger in  the darkened hallway of one's own home.<br />You can watch &quot;Lost  Highway&quot; over and over, and each time you might feel like you've come  a little closer to putting all the pieces together and solving the puzzle  ... but the solution forever evades your grasp ... just barely. It's  frustrating and provocative all at once, an enigmatic Rubik's Cube of a  film. Many people don't like movies like this, but I do. The best works of  art are often the most intellectually challenging, and in David Lynch's  universe a good mystery doesn't necessarily have to have a solution.niverse a good mystery doesn't necessarily have to have a solution.
0767825411|4.0|Ghostbusters is surely one of the best films of all time.Ever since I was a kid I've been a huge Ghostbusters fan.It's been two decades since this  gem was released and it still manages to be entertaining,funny,and  scary.The story is extremely creative and for it's time was completely  original.Four guys are Ghost Exterminators and rid New York of lots of  nasty supernatural baddies.The movie's quotes are quite possibly the best  and most memorable quotes in movie history.Is there a more quotable movie  than this? The performances are excellent.Murray steals the show as Peter  Venkman,who has the best lines and is easily  the funniest of the four  Ghostbusters.The special F/X are  great,and even though this was released  way way way back in 1984,their still good enough for competition against  the usual  CGI monsters we get Today.The finale is also really cool and the  music score is terrific.Overall,Ghostbusters is an excellent movie that's  truly one of the best films of all time.The most memorable quotes,funniest  moments,coolest monster bustin' scenes, best theme music.On a side  note,although it's deemed as a  Family film,it's a little scary for young  kids,despite being  more of a comedy than horror.I was really scared when I  first saw this (when I was about 3 or 4),but don't let that put you off by  watching it with older kids (9+).There are two things that kept me from  giving this a perfect five star rating.1,the plot at times moved a little  slow and 2,although lots of people will probably disagree with me on  this,but in my honest opinion,I thought the sequel, Ghostbusters II,was a  lot better.Still,I liked Ghostbusters 1 very very much.Now,where's  Ghostbusters III?<br />Rated PG for some horror/comedy violence and some salty  language.
B00000J7J4|4.0|Supernatural is without a doubt Santana on the crest of a wave, culling  the cream of the music world's singers and incorporating catchy rhythms and  of course mind-blowing guitar-playing from Carlos himself. Nearly all the  songs here are perfect; the only divots are the lightweight and repetitive  AFRICA MAMBA and the ultra-bluesy/latino instrumental EL FAROL. The first  three tracks are sheer class, with (DA LE) YALEO employed as a flamboyant  mood-setter and featuring a tremendous conga solo from musician Raul Rekow,  LOVE OF MY LIFE sung by Dave Matthews, who has the best voice, in my  opinion, of all the singers on the album, a gentle ballad that develops  into a fast-paced rock song, and PUT YOUR LIGHTS ON written and sung by  Everlast, another acoustically perfect slowish track that includes all the  same a rock portion halfway through. After AFRICA MAMBA comes the sublime  SMOOTH, the worldwide best-seller that needs no introduction as  Supernatural's most famous song, and illustrating Rob Thomas' excellent  song-writing and vocal talents. Another of my favourites is MIGRA, a  fast-paced song with a thumping rhythm and a distinct African flavour to  it. It is on this track that Santana excels himself the most, on the guitar  as well as on the lyrics that he co-invented with Tony Lindsay. The album  also comprises its fair share of slow songs, such as the mostly  instrumental PRIMAVERA and the best-seller MARIA MARIA. Oh, and here I'll  take the opportunity to make a stand against Wyclef Jean. Great producer he  may be in tandem with Jerry Wonder Duplessis, but I wish he would stop  intervening in perfectly songs with his mindless and slurred comments. Here  he doesn't affect the song that much but having seen him and Pras Michel  single-handedly dismantle ANOTHER ONE BITES THE DUST by my favourite band  Queen I was seething. Anyway, moving swiftly on, we come to the immaculate  &quot;message song&quot; DO YOU LIKE THE WAY, written and mostly sung by  LaurynHill who surpasses herself in tandem with Cee-Lo, who I'd never  heard of prior to buying this album. CORAZON ESPINADO, featuring Fher and  Mana, is alright I guess, but it isn't a patch on other songs like  PRIMAVERA. Eagle-Eye Cherry's effort WISHING IT WAS is a pleasure to listen  to despite some pretty depressing lyrics. And the only slightly over-par  THE CALLING (taking into account the once-in-a-lifetime pairing of Carlos  Santana and Eric Clapton it should have been better than the final product)  is the gloss on the surface of a truly great album. This would be a good  investment to any admirer of the band's style of music as well as R&amp;B,  rap and African music lovers.
B0000020C4|5.0|I just love the way Lea sings &quot;On My Own&quot;.  The way she uttered  &quot;silver&quot;,&quot;river&quot;, and she screamed in &quot;The Rue  Plumet&quot; and no one can nail the &quot;blind&quot; in On my Own. And,  her rendition of &quot;A little fall of rain&quot; was marvelous. I  gathered all renditions of different versions of different artists like  Francese Rufelle, Bernadette Peters etc. and even Joey of &quot;Dawson's  Creek&quot;. They sounds funny (forgive me). Theres no other way who can  perform and give so much satisfaction to the listeners as what Lea can. She  is so &quot;damn&quot; perfect, an angelic voice. 3 stars for Lea and the  rest got my 2 stars.
6304474652|5.0|I love fools rush in it's  a cute love story. Matthew perry was so great in that movie he is a good actor and he is sooooooooooooooo cute.
0446677450|2.0|Ok, I admit I come from a Poor Dad family, a Dirt Poor Dad family, but I  absolutely felt had when I bought this book.  First of all, the format was  like the monk giving little sparrow lessons about money. Rich Dad was a  guru and the kids were his believers who were touched by an all knowing,  all seeing all money-making spirit.  <br />There is nothing wrong about  learning how to manage your money and keeping some of it away from  predators, but he oversimplified the basic reality of our economic culture  and really, I believe, insulted many people who work for a living. And  what's with the charts anyway.  Try giving the charts to a low income inner  city single mother and see how she manages with your philosophy.  After all  is said and done Rich Dad got me to buy the book so I guess he has  something going for him, but it didn't go for me.
B00001NFCY|4.0|I love Creed. I've liked them since they came out in '97. I was kinda  anticipating buying this because I didn't like what they played on the  radio, BUT after seeing them L-I-V-E, I definitley had to get this album!  If you are not sure of this album, I'd recommend seeing them in concert  first, be it on video or at a live show. It will make you appreciate how  good this album really is. But it's still not as good as &quot;My Own  Prison,&quot; but good nonetheless.
B000002UAX|1.0|I listened to this whole album the other day because I read the reviews on Amazon.  This album is worthless.  The only song I appreciated was While My  Guitar Gently Weeps.  Later, I realized why. Eric Clapton helped out with  the guitar.  That man has more talent in his pinky than all four Beatles  combined.  The Beatles are the N'Sync of the 60's.  I wish people would  realize this.  N'Sync, Backstreet Boys, Beatles?  What's the difference?
B00004SCX6|1.0|My younger brother purchased this CD when it was first released. I have been subjected to listening to Miss Spears' putrid nasal voice for far too  long and I'm beginning to lose my mind! Do not spend your money on this  horrid excuse for music! I would also advise parents to not allow your  children to purchase this album. Anyone who partakes in the listening of  this album, whether voluntarily or not, will have their brain cells rapidly  destroyed! No words are adequate in describing the utter horror of this CD.  Hearing Miss Spears' vocals on tracks such as &quot;Oops I Did It  Again&quot; literally make me gag! Miss Spears' cover of the Rolling  Stones' classic &quot;Satisfaction&quot; is enough to drive the most sane,  well-adjusted person to the brink of madness!  I am proof that this is, in  fact, true. It saddens me greatly that young people seem to love the  unoriginal garbage that Miss Spears and the like pump out. These artists  were created by industry bigwigs as a product to sell to a mindless  consumer market. These artists are nothing more than puppets being  controlled by greedy capitalist pigs! There is nothing real about this  whole teen pop craze. Don't sacrifice your dignity by buying into it!
6305558167|4.0|After reading \\"La Morte de Arthur\\", I purchased this dvd.  I bought it in part because I was told that it did an excellent job of following the book.   I was deceived.  The movie takes care to leave the names of characters but  little else remains.  There isn't a scene that isn't \\"glamorized\\" in  Hollywood fashion, with most scenes completely fabricated to give the movie  modern appeal.  It is unfortunate that so many have mistakenly claimed  \\"Excalibur\\" as a close remake of the original book, that Sir Thomas  Malory's telling of the story is unknown, even by those who quote it.  I  gave the movie four stars because it is an entertaining film and  fascinating fairy tale.  The one star was subtracted for making so many  think that \\"Excalibur\\" was the film version of \\"La Morte de Arthur\\".
0553284347|5.0|This is the second time I have read this book in five years. The first time I used it to understand why my parents behaved the way that they did  when I came out of the closet as a Gay man. <br />I have re-read it now 5  years later after leaving a co-dependant relationship and have found even  more information in it. It has enabled me to see the damage that is still  being caused to me by my parents. It is helping me rebuild my emotional  life and not make the same mistakes again.<br />If you think that your parents  are not &quot;normal&quot; the chances are that you are right. The chances  are that they are also controlling your life right now, even if they are  dead! <br />Invest a few dollars and a few hours that will change your life  and your understanding of the family unit that you were bought up in.  <br />Life can never be the same again
B00003W8NM|4.0|I rented this DVD the other day because I have seen all the other movies that my local video store had on DVD. I didn't really expect much, I liked  Seven but didn't really think this movie would live up to it. Let me tell  you, it did and more. I was completly amazed by the ending. I didn't see it  coming. The whole movie confused me and I loved it. Its one of those rare  movies you want to see over and over because you keep learning more each  time through. Now I'm about to buy this movie and add it to my DVD  collection so I can show it to all my friends who didn't expect it to be  good. THe only problem I had with this film was that I couldn't just watch,  I had to think too. I love thinking, don't get me wrong but my head hurt  from trying to figure out the plot in the begining. Once its over though  you will understand what happened.
0679745203|5.0|This is a moving novel that traces the collapse of Western civilization -- and the imperialism which underwrote it -- in a number of characters  following the end of WWII.  I came to this novel only long after seeing  Minghella's film version of it -- the few comments I will make here are  aimed at encouraging others who have seen the film to read the novel as  well.  I usually wouldn't make a point of chastising a film to celebrate  the text from which it was adapted -- but in this case, I think that the  changes Minghella made are indicative of a deep-seeded colonial  sentimentality in the unitedstatesian, or at least Hollywood, imaginary.  In other words, I will not critique the adaptation in order to uphold some  concept of the pure original text, but rather to compare them in order to  highlight the ways the film manages to sidestep the more challenging  aspects of the novel.<br />  Readers may be surprised to find that the  novel, unlike the film, is not focused on the character of Count Almasy to  the expense of the others.  The Count's character is important --  especially since only he, the apparent Nazi agent, represents the ideal of  a European renaissance man, someone who whose grasp of history, language  and art approaches the universal.  In the novel, the attractive aspects of  his character are clearly linked to European colonialism and to fascism --  the problem posed by his character is just this, how he simultaneously  embodies the highest values of European renaissance and Enlightenment, the  chauvinism of the European imperial mindset and also, by his association  with the Nazis, the darker values of European &quot;humanism.&quot;  By  choosing to transform this character into a romantic hero -- a la T E  Lawrence -- the film not only missed out on what is most interesting about  Almasy's character, but transformed him into a figure of nostalgia for the  &quot;exciting times&quot; of European colonial rule.  In contrast, the  novel compels readers to think far more critically about the ability of  Europeans to legitimate the rule of colonialism in the name of Western  human values.<br />  Similarly, the character of Kip, the sikh  Sapper, is not just a background figure in the novel as he is in the film.  Rather, he represents a person who has been colonized by the West, but  whose relation to Western civ is fully ambivalent.  He not only loves the  sublime frescos of Italy, but knows how to distinguish them from the  culture of Europe in the wake of WWII.  He loves European art, but is not  dazzled by it.<br />  Finally, perhaps most interesting are the many,  many figures of ruin in the novel -- the body of the Count, most obviously,  but also the landscapes in which the novel takes place -- the Italian  villa, or even the rock drawings of Libya. As ruins, all these figures  challenge one's ability to claim greatness.  Ruins always challenge the one  who looks upon them -- as if to say, &quot;I once was grand but now am no  longer -- beware your own sense of greatness.&quot;  This is what the  landscape of this novel suggests over an over again -- but with a twist:  so much of this landscape -- the landscape of Western civ -- is also  boobytrapped.  Thus, it not only suggests a comparison with a present  moment of poverty, but also precariousness and danger.  Any one of these  icons of Western civ -- the statuary, the piano, the frescos, the monuments  -- could explode at a moment's notice.  Western civ, for all its beauty,  never appeared so fragile!<br />  The novel succeeds in critiquing the  pretensions of Western civilization then, but he also renders its decline  into the Sublime.  What lovely ambivalence!  What a welcome departure from  colonial sentimentalism!  Is this the book that Minghella read?rs to think far more critically about the ability of  Europeans to legitimate the rule of colonialism in the name of Western  human values.  <br />  Similarly, the character of Kip, the sikh  Sapper, is not just a background figure in the novel as he is in the film.   Rather, he represents a person who has been colonized by the West, but  whose relation to Western civ is fully ambivalent.  He not only loves the  sublime frescos of Italy, but knows how to distinguish them from the  culture of Europe in the wake of WWII.  He loves European art, but is not  dazzled by it.<br />  Finally, perhaps most interesting are the many,  many figures of ruin in the novel -- the body of the Count, most obviously,  but also the landscapes in which the novel takes place -- the Italian  villa, or even the rock drawings of Libya. As ruins, all these figures  challenge one's ability to claim greatness.  Ruins always challenge the one  who looks upon them -- as if to say, &quot;I once was grand but now am no  longer -- beware your own sense of greatness.&quot;  This is what the  landscape of this novel suggests over an over again -- but with a twist:   so much of this landscape -- the landscape of Western civ -- is also  boobytrapped.  Thus, it not only suggests a comparison with a present  moment of poverty, but also precariousness and danger.  Any one of these  icons of Western civ -- the statuary, the piano, the frescos, the monuments  -- could explode at a moment's notice.  Western civ, for all its beauty,  never appeared so fragile!<br />  The novel succeeds in critiquing the  pretensions of Western civilization then, but he also renders its decline  into the Sublime.  What lovely ambivalence!  What a welcome departure from  colonial sentimentalism!  Is this the book that Minghella read?
0780624890|4.0|This movie was great, all the action was wonderful. I normally don't like Wesley Snipes' movies but all the Kung Fu really got me into it. The  character 'Blade' was very well developed. I think in a lot of ways this  movie was as good, if not better than The Matrix. The only place it lacked  was in that you never had to think, it was all constant action. The only  question I had after watching the movie was &quot;WHere do I get a sword  like Blade's?&quot;.
B00004TJK2|4.0|This film exudes a sense of innocence that is often lost in today's films.  The Director's cut kindly replaces the Bill Conti score with that of Eric  Serra's, a much deeper more romantic electronic score.<br />The story of two  free divers.  One who is carefree and would rather be playing with dolphins  than doing anything else.  The other mired in personal feelings of  mediocrity.  The story follows the two rivals and friends.  I don't want to  give anything away, but it is a wonderful story.<br />The film actually is a  bit dated, and somewhat immature, but worth a purchase if you love  underwater cinematography and the cast.
0375501851|1.0|After all the praising press,I'm curious to see how the book fares in the  long view.  This book was one of the rare few I put down without finishing.  The author is smart (and young and good-looking) but her characters are  blank and her story is flat and I was bored.  It seems to have come from  her head. I'll wait for the one that comes from her soul.
B00000BKDY|5.0|i have only rated 3 other albums as 5 stars(masterpiece) they are 7th son  of 7th son(maiden) number  of the beast(maiden) and sabbath bloody  sabbath(black sabbath)i don tknow about hte other maiden albums becuase i  havent bought any of them yet besides piece of mind which i also counsel  you to buy. to be a masterpiece an album must have all of its tracks being  emotional and creative while keeping the bands classic sound. this cd does  just that. there are no poor tracks, no weak tracks, no average tracks, all  are amazing and the cd should be played straight through. and another  thing, the reviewer who said htat adrian smith plays the synth guitar on  the album is wrong. hte booklet htat comes with the cd says that dave  murray plays it on the album. give dave some credit as being a great  guitarist too, adrian smith doesnt do everything! UP THE IRONS!!!
B000002HHB|1.0|THIS CD IS THE MOST HORRIBLE THING I HAVE EVER HEARD. TALK ABOUT POP  TRASH....HOW DID THIS WOMAN GET A RECORD CONTRACT. OH YEA SHE USED TO HAVE  TALENT WITH THAT BAND TEN THOUSAND MANIACS
B00004T9UH|3.0|It is so corny if you want a GOOD CD Get the 1 thats not edited it is  SOOOOOOO much better.
B000002O3I|5.0|Here are two classic Howlin' Wolf original albums collected on one CD, and  it is some of the best blues music ever recorded. The Rocking Chair album  must certainly have been one of Stevie Ray Vaughan's favourite album,  because he recorded several songs from this one. I beleive this must be the  best chicago blues album of all time. Moanin the Blues is just as great  with songs as 'Evil', 'All night boogie' and 'Smokestack Lightning'. I have  been a fan of Howlin' Wolf since I started listening to the blues in my  teens, and his music continues to thrill and amaze me. I think you get your  money's worth and more so if you get this one.
B000023X9W|5.0|I got this the day it came out.  It's a great mellow album.  I've only  been a fan of his in the last 5 years, but I really dig this album.
B000002KLQ|5.0|This is an often-overlooked album, but arguably Mark Knopfler's best  recorded work. The lyrics, the playing, and the overall effect haven't been  matched by anything else he's put on vinyl.<br />Has it really been 20 years  since this was released? It holds up remarkably well. One of those rare  recordings that still sounds fresh every time you play it. Buy it, and  treasure it. It's a gem.
6305878323|5.0|This is probably one of Walt Disney's best films, if not the best. It is the most excellent realized combination of live action and animation. It  contains eternal charm, wit, and magic as it introduces us to the  &quot;practically perfect&quot; nanny who brings profound change to the  Banks family of London in the early twentieth century. Every song composed  by Richard and Robert Sherman is pure magic. The believable visual effects,  the heartfelt scripting, and the solid performances by Julie Andrews and  the heart rendering Dick Van Dyke are truly eternal. Every element of  production came together at their zenith to create a treasure of cinematic  endearment. The DVD is excellent. The supplemental material is very good  and nostalgic. One of the best films ever made. The superb cast also  includes: David Tomlinson, Glynis Johns, Elsa Lanchester, Arthur Treacher,  Ed Wynn, Hermione Baddeley, Reginald Owen and Jane Darwell as The Bird  Woman. Director, Robert Stevenson is at his best.
B000002LMK|5.0|As a longtime Neil Young fan, my biggest fear is that some neophyte will  stumble across a dud like &quot;Old Ways&quot; or, Heaven forbid,  &quot;Everybody's Rockin&quot; and, thinking it's representative of the  man's music, give up on Neil. So, if you're looking for a great  introduction to the wonderful world of Neil Young, you can call off the  dogs--the hunt is off. You can't go wrong with this one.<br />This may be the  most aptly titled recording in years. It's ragged, and it's glorious. Neil  is at his grungiest, anthemic best. Crazy Horse couldn't be in finer  rough-hewn form. This is probably the best hard-rocking Neil Young album  available...and that's quite a statement.
0783230710|4.0|Just what a movie should be. It holds you spellbound and you just imagine you are watching events unfold on CNN Live. Tom Hanks was his usual  self...The guy you want to always succeed, no matter the odds. But the  performance that takes the cake has to be the Ed Harris' NASA Control  Centre Scientist role. I can watch this movie over and over again and still  feel that rush. Really an &quot;A&quot; act!
B00004VW35|3.0|I saw Neil on tour twice during his stint with the International  Harvesters. They were among the best concerts I've ever attended...which  makes this album all the more disappointing. Clearly, he was capable of  much, much more during this period.<br />It's not even a straightforward  country album, really. It's more like some strange caricature of a country  album. Let's be honest...Neil can DO country! Take &quot;Harvest Moon&quot;  or &quot;Silver and Gold&quot; as two stunning examples.<br />But when this  album opens up with &quot;The Restless Wind&quot; in Neil's trademark  whine, it falls really flat. Even the standout tracks (&quot;Where is the  Highway Tonight&quot; and &quot;California Sunset&quot;) can't make up for  this uninspired flop. A rare low point in an otherwise brilliant career.
B000005JAK|5.0|Like &quot;Layla and Other Assorted Love Songs&quot; and  &quot;Rumours,&quot; &quot;Candy Apple Grey&quot; can really be conceived  as the tale of SOME kind of relationship. The only difference is that  C.A.G. is definitely a breakup album, a chronicle of the feelings of two  individuals after their relationship has broken up.<br />If one accepts that  Mould's &quot;Crystal&quot; and &quot;Eiffel Tower High&quot; and Hart's  &quot;Dead Set on Destruction&quot; are not part of the overall narrative,  the album centers around seven songs that can almost be conceived as  exchanges between the jilter and jilted. Hart's &quot;Don't Want to Know If  You Are Lonely,&quot; &quot;Sorry Somehow,&quot; and &quot;No Promise Have  I Made&quot; are almost certainly from the prospective of someone who is  leaving a relationship, while Mould's &quot;I Don't Know For Sure,&quot;  &quot;Too Far Down,&quot; &quot;Hardly Getting Over It,&quot; and &quot;All  This I've Done For You&quot; are by the person who's left. The album is  certainly structured so that the jilter and jilted songs are paired against  each other: &quot;I Don't Know For Sure&quot; follows &quot;Don't Want To  Know If You Are Lonely,&quot; for instance. This atmosphere of near tension  is intensified by deliberate repetition of musical elements: several songs  begin with identical drumming and guitar chords, prompting a joke back in  the late '80s where one high schooler would pound on his steering wheel and  ask &quot;what's that?&quot; The answer, of course, was: &quot;Every song  on Candy Apple Grey.&quot;<br />In all seriousness, this is some of the most  emotionally powerful music ever created, and the songs run the emotional  gamut from nearly unadulterated anger (&quot;Crystal,&quot; &quot;Sorry  Somehow,&quot; &quot;Dead Set on Destruction&quot;) to sadness and sorrow  (&quot;Too Far Down,&quot; &quot;Hardly Getting Over It,&quot; &quot;No  Promise Have I Made.&quot;) It's definitely not an album to listen to if  you're suicidal or can't appreciate the niceties of human emotion, but if  you're looking for a powerful album and some good-sounding Grant Hart  vocals, Candy Apple Grey is one for you.
B000002OTL|5.0|When I 1st saw this movie, I knew I had to have the music for it. I was  not dissappointed the CD. Quintin has a great taste in music. The only song  that I didn't like was &quot;If love was a red dress&quot; or something  like that.. that one was weak. The rest were great, especially comanche. I  personally got tired of the dialogue fairly quickly, but then I just had to  skip it every time, so it wasn't a big deal. The only other problem that  someone might have with this disk is its length... only 40 minutes  (dialogue included)... not terribly long, but still worth your money,  though.
B000002C1W|3.0|I was considering generously awarding this album 4 stars just so it would receive a higher rating than the Moody Blues' abominable &quot;Days of  Future Passed,&quot; but I really couldn't bring myself to do it. Momentary  Lapse raises one interesting question, though: &quot;what would have  happened if Waters didn't leave the band?&quot;<br />The material on the album  suffers from lack of unity. Generally, the post-Meddle Floyd albums each  contained some overarching theme: a descent into madness in &quot;Dark Side  of the Moon,&quot; the loss of Syd Barrett to drugs and the evils of the  music industry on &quot;Wish You Were Here,&quot; the evils of capitalism  on &quot;Animals,&quot; etc. There's none of this on &quot;A Momentary  Lapse:&quot; Gilmour strings together songs about such disparate topics as  the evils of war (&quot;Dogs of War,&quot;) the loss of a loved one and  general depression (&quot;Sorrow,&quot;) and even his own pilot's lessons  (&quot;Learning to Fly&quot;). All of this makes for an album that  essentially sounds like something other than Floyd. This problem is  exacerbated by music that really does sound like typically terrible '80s  rock. Now, the loss of Waters can be credited for the extreme lack of  creative lyrics, but one would think that Gilmour, Mason, and Wright could  at least string together some decent keyboard playing, drumming, and guitar  playing to create an album that sounded somewhat like the Pink Floyd of  old.<br />The three stars are really for the three decent songs on the album:  the overplayed &quot;Learning to Fly,&quot; Gilmour's paean to his  liberalism in &quot;On the Turning Away&quot; which contains the classic  lyrics &quot;Don't accept that what's happening/Is just a case of others'  suffering/Or you'll find that you're joining in/The turning away,&quot; and  the all-time classic &quot;Sorrow,&quot; which oddly enough does contain  some really decent guitar playing together with quotable lyrics. But when  this is juxtaposed against horrendous monstrosities like &quot;One  Slip&quot; which contains the forgettable (if hilarious and at least not  keeping with any earthly sense of meter) lyrics: &quot;Was it love/Or was  it the idea of being in love?&quot;, it's not enough to redeem this album.  If you have to have it, buy it from your local Salvation Army or used  record shop, but &quot;Pulse&quot; does at least have decent versions of  &quot;Sorrow&quot; and &quot;Learning to Fly,&quot; removing any  justification for buying &quot;Momentary Lapse of Reason&quot; apart from  filling out your Pink Floyd discography.
B00000J6AG|5.0|I have had this CD for about 6-8 months. I am still listening to it. It  does not get old. It may NOT be musically ingenious; it may NOT be  advancing music... but it does make me happy. Let me clarify that last  statement with an example: <br />I am upset;<br />I listen to this Cd;<br />I am no  longer upset;<br />Very few CDs have this effect on me (Grover Washington's  Winelight being the only one that surpasses it). Not ALL the tunes on here  are great. But about 2/3 of them are, IMHO... and seeing that there are 18  songs, that means you get around 12 good songs. For me 12 good songs = 1  good CD.
B000005JAK|5.0|Like &quot;Layla and Other Assorted Love Songs&quot; and  &quot;Rumours,&quot; &quot;Candy Apple Grey&quot; can really be conceived  as the tale of SOME kind of relationship. The only difference is that  C.A.G. is definitely a breakup album, a chronicle of the feelings of two  individuals after their relationship has broken up.<br />If one accepts that  Mould's &quot;Crystal&quot; and &quot;Eiffel Tower High&quot; and Hart's  &quot;Dead Set on Destruction&quot; are not part of the overall narrative,  the album centers around seven songs that can almost be conceived as  exchanges between the jilter and jilted. Hart's &quot;Don't Want to Know If  You Are Lonely,&quot; &quot;Sorry Somehow,&quot; and &quot;No Promise Have  I Made&quot; are almost certainly from the prospective of someone who is  leaving a relationship, while Mould's &quot;I Don't Know For Sure,&quot;  &quot;Too Far Down,&quot; &quot;Hardly Getting Over It,&quot; and &quot;All  This I've Done For You&quot; are by the person who's left. The album is  certainly structured so that the jilter and jilted songs are paired against  each other: &quot;I Don't Know For Sure&quot; follows &quot;Don't Want To  Know If You Are Lonely,&quot; for instance. This atmosphere of near tension  is intensified by deliberate repetition of musical elements: several songs  begin with identical drumming and guitar chords, prompting a joke back in  the late '80s where one high schooler would pound on his steering wheel and  ask &quot;what's that?&quot; The answer, of course, was: &quot;Every song  on Candy Apple Grey.&quot;<br />In all seriousness, this is some of the most  emotionally powerful music ever created, and the songs run the emotional  gamut from nearly unadulterated anger (&quot;Crystal,&quot; &quot;Sorry  Somehow,&quot; &quot;Dead Set on Destruction&quot;) to sadness and sorrow  (&quot;Too Far Down,&quot; &quot;Hardly Getting Over It,&quot; &quot;No  Promise Have I Made.&quot;) It's definitely not an album to listen to if  you're suicidal or can't appreciate the niceties of human emotion, but if  you're looking for a powerful album and some good-sounding Grant Hart  vocals, Candy Apple Grey is one for you.
0553573403|5.0|I have read very many fantasy books and series, in the past. Song of Ice  and Fire is the best Fantasy series to date, excluding Lord of The Rings,  of course. This is NOT Wheel of Time or Sword of Truth all over again...  This is MUCH better: the characters are more interesting, the plot can be  unpredictable, there are NO omnipotent characters. Yes, this is a fairly  dark book, but it shines with quality... My personal favorite out of ALL  the fantasy books ever written.
0767805712|5.0|The plot in this movie was not so great - if the movie hadn't been absolutely the coolest looking movie ever and had great actors, then it  would have sucked big time.  But the design on the set was absolutely  phenomenal - from the Frank Lloyd Wright buildings to the exciting  interiors, to the old cars - all retro-futuristic and so damn cool! (going  into space in the future will _obviously_ be in wool business suits, not  those bulky things they have now - everyone looks better in business  suits!)<br />The movie was a blast to watch solely for the visuals, the plot  was good enough to allow you to see more cool set design.
B000001GK9|5.0|While it may be interesting to hear Walter's recording with the Vienna  Philharmonic (seeing as how Walter was a conducting student of Mahler's,  and he gave the posthumous premiere of this work), there is no other  recording in the catalogue that matches the intensity and beautiful, lush  sound of this recording.  A live recording, the musicians of the Berlin  Philharmonic play as though their lives depended on it.  A friend of mine  was studying horn in Berlin at the time this was being performed, and he  told me that as the final notes faded into silence, the Berlin audience  remained in a stunned silence for at least 45 seconds, not daring to ruin  such a wonderful performance with applause!  When they finally did applaud,  it was only a very quiet, respectful tapping of their fingers.  As he tells  it, there was not a dry eye in the house.  <br />Music speaks to people  differently, so I can speak for no one else when I say this is one of the  most gorgeous performances of any composer's work on disc.  To listen to  this all the way through leaves me emotionally exhausted, and the climax in  the final movement is indescribable.  To do so would diminish the effect it  has on the peaceful, serene ending that follows.  I challenge all music  lovers who don't own this disc to experience it for yourself.   You will  not regret it...
0380973464|5.0|I am biased b/c my personal interests are computers and crypto and while war isn't exactly a thrill of mine, I find the crypto history cool (even  though he doesn't necessarily follow history per se, but hey, it's his  book). For all of the reviewers that think this book was &quot;okay but too  long&quot; - they are obviously lazy - this is my favorite book and it was  great - it was perfect for me. If you aren't up for reading a heavy (in  size) book, don't pick it up. I loved it and recommend it to any  computer/crypto geek out there.
B00004T8RK|5.0|Although I didn't much care for this album the first time I heard it, upon  multiple listens this CD grew on me and has become my favorite Pearl Jam  album ever.  This is the first studio album with former Soundgarden drummer  Matt Cameron.  As a drummer myself, I love what Matt has added to the band  to fill the void of Jack Irons.  He wrote Evacuation, a fast-paced  time-changing punkish song.  His fills are chosen with great precision and  it sounds great.  Every song on this album is great in its own way, and  placed in the perfect order on the CD.  The opening track, Breakerfall, is  exactly what it should be: A loud, short introduction to the album.  After  that, the perfect combination of fast and slow songs.  Some of my personal  favorites are the power-chord heavy Insignificance, a straight-up rock song  that gets stuck in your head, and the slower Thin Air.  Eddie Vedder's  unique sound and incredible lyrics sound better than ever.  Although at  first listen this album might sound more simple than previous efforts, if  you listen carefully you can hear a time-changing, complex, balanced album  which takes the band to a level they hadn't reached previously.
078322608X|5.0|This movie has obviously reached out to some people, I saw a man with a 12 monkeys tattoo on his forearm the other day. It is no wonder that the  following for this is so strong - it is visually one of the more intriguing  movies of today under the direction of (ex monty python animator) Gilliam -  which this alone is reason to see the movie - but the overall plot is a  thriller and has enough twists in it to keep anyone interested - and then  the themese that lie underneath that plot and what they imply about our  society are intense on many levels. a great flick.
B00003XB8K|5.0|When I listened that E4 &quot;saw the light&quot;, I could not wait for   listen to it, when I acquired, my first impression was: WOW. <br />At first  impression, the better song was &quot;Gravity Of Love,&quot; but listening  to it more thoroughly, all the songs (believe me) are excellent, each one  with their rhythm, their feeling.<br />I within those that I could classify  like the improve, although I have read that to many you like  &quot;GOL,&quot; &quot;Push The Limits,&quot; I lean for &quot;Silence Must  Be Hears&quot; like the better of the disk.<br />In short, a disk that should  not be lacking in the collection of no person, that desires to be  transported to other sides thanks to the music.  I give the disk 5 stars,  but for me, it deserve 6 stars. Greeting from Costa Rica.
0671578855|5.0|It just blows me away how Bujold can write excellent military SF, mystery  stories, social comedies, and do it all in the same series!  Every time I  read the latest Miles Vorkosigan novel I think it's the best one yet, and  Civil Campaign is no exception. I definitely have to rate it highest for  humor, based on the fact that I laughed so hard I nearly fell out of my  seat while reading about Miles' dinner party--not wanting to give too much  away, I'll just say that everything that can go wrong for him, does, in the  funniest possible way. Bujold balances Miles' social difficulties with his  political ones so adroitly that they merge seamlessly into a unified plot  line. If you haven't read the Vorkosigan series before, do so--they are the  best SF series out there.
6303921248|5.0|I can't say I've ever enjoyed a Jane Austen adaptation as much as this one in my entire life!  The whole series is an absolute delight from start to  finish.<br />Colin Firth and Jennifer Ehle portray the lead characters of Mr.  Darcy and Elizabeth Bennett perfectly.  Never has Lizzie been so pretty,  witty or charming nor has Darcy ever been so brooding, mysterious or  handsome as in this series.  The chemistry between the leads is electric  and the sparks certainly fly in one of the best romantic love stories ever  told.<br />The fact that the writer's have taken the step of showing more of a  background for Darcy also helps the viewer appreciate what a good and kind  man he really is all along, rather than, as in other adaptations, he  appears to suddenly change into being nice.<br />The casting of Julia Sawahla  as the selfish, stupid Lydia Bennett was also inspired.  She carried off a  difficult role so well that in the end you still have to like her for all  her faults.  <br />As for the rest of the cast - there wasn't one that let the  series down one tiny bit.  Notably, David Bamber as Mr. Collins was  suitably sweaty and snivelling, Alison Steadman as Mrs. Bennett was  fantastically highly strung, Adrian Lukis as Wickham was a suave villan and  Anna Chancellor's, Miss. Bingley was deliciously nasty.<br />If I could give  the rating more stars I would.  It's an absolute must for all Jane Austen  fans and if you're not a fan already then watch this and you will be!
B00004RFFM|4.0|I hear lots of people talking about how Jaws was a tremendous movie full of suspense, and Deep Blue Sea was a movie focused mainly on people being  torn to bloody chunks with no surprises.  The latter is fairly true, but it  was still better than Jaws.  The first time I saw Jaws, I didn't flinch,  and when I finally saw the shark, I almost scoffed out loud at how  incredibly fake it looked!  You could practically see the gears working  inside its mouth.  Then I saw Deep Blue Sea, which at least made me grip my  armrests a bit tighter.  There were at least two scenes in there,  punctuated by scary high-pitched music and screams, a la The Shining, in  which everyone in the theater gasped sharply.  I have seen it twice more  after that, and plan to see it again.  Jaws, however, wasn't quite good  enough for that.
B00000IL1K|4.0|Sarah Brightman returns with an excellant cd.  Eden brings Sarah's vocals  to the forefront on pieces like Puccini's &quot;Nessun Dorma&quot;.  Eden  also presents some new age selections such as the Indian influenced  &quot;In Paradisum&quot; and a trip hop feel to &quot;Eden.&quot;  Sarah's  version of the Kansas classic &quot; Dust In The Wind&quot; Is amazing and  proves to be as good as the original.  The last track properly titled  &quot; The Last Words You Said&quot; is a beautiful duet.  Sarah is back  and proves there is more to her career than Phantom of the Opera!
0783225784|5.0|What the heck was &quot;Th3e House of High Fidelity&quot; talking about a few reviews back? &quot;'Animal House' has not survived the advance in  comedy that we are now experiencing in film today.&quot;? Huh? What are  those advances in comedy? Do you mind telling us? <br />The only advance in  comedy that anyone need care about is if it makes you laugh. And this movie  will make you laugh. And BTW Mr.&quot;Th3e House of High Fidelity&quot;,  the movie takes place in the early 60s not the 50s.
B00004T8RK|5.0|I think this CD is terrific.  Every song is great.  If i had to pick some  of my favorite song's it would be very hard since every one is good.   &quot; Nothing as it seems,&quot; &quot;God's Dice&quot;,  &quot;Evacuation&quot;, and &quot; Typing&quot; are my favorites.  Eddie  Vedder's voice is better than ever and his words are as sharp and precise  as always.  I think all Pearl Jam fans should buy this CD it is deffinatly  a must for your collection.
B000002BMV|5.0|This was one of the first records I ever owned.  (Rubber Ducky doesn't  count)  I rediscovered it in recent weeks, and I'm preapred to say that  this may be the best recording Journey has offered in a long career.  After  19 years, the music is still fresh, Neal Schon's guitar is still melodic,  Steve Perry's vocals still soar... in short, a total package.  Favorite  tracks include Stone in Love, Escape, Don't Stop Believin, and the rest of  the disc.  The only other Journey release to come close was Frontiers, but  Escape wins hands down.  <br />My only regret is that it took me years to  rediscover this disc.  I'm glad I did.
B00004U45G|1.0|I never thaught one of the greatest guitarists of all time would sell out.   This cd is terrible.  As the cd progresses each track gets worse.  It is  sad to hear Chris Robinson, a singer who can't even perform his own  material well anymore ruin legendary songs of a legandary band.  This cd is  awful!  There is nothing good about it and there is nothing else i can  say!!!
0312243022|4.0|In The Hours, we join the search for that illusive third tiger of the mind  that Borges mentions in The Other Tiger, as we also piece together the  hours of the lives of three women in three separate decades whose lives  come into collision by the end  of the novel.  First of all, Cunningham's  tribute to Virginia Woolf brings her life and genius into tragic focus,  while her influence is a guiding principle for Laura, a woman in search of  meaning in what she considers a vacuous world.  In 1980's Los Angeles,  Clarissa is affectionately called \\"Mrs. Dalloway\\" by her lifelong friend  and sometime lover for her similarity to Woolf's character.  Clarissa plans  a party for her oldest friend's literary triumph only to be put on hold by  circumstances beyond her control.  She plans her party with energy and  pleasure as Laura plans the birthday party for her husband with less than  enthusiasm.    Virginia is recovering in a London suburb while she  longs for the city and the stimulus it would bring to her new novel.  Her  sister's life, with children and everyday pursuits is what Laura needs to  give her life balance, but even though she does have that life, she tends  more to Virginia's tragic longings.  The three stories come together as  we recognize the slim thread between sanity and insanity and what a narrow  space lies between the courage to go on and the ability to let go when  there is no longer hope.  That Laura does not give up is unexpected as is  her relationship to Clarissa in the end.  This is a brilliant study of  character as well as a tribute to Woolf who in her own brilliance conceived  her place in the world.
B000002U82|2.0|It's depressing that this album is the album that bonds newer generation  of music fans with older music. I have own &quot;Dark Side Of The  Moon&quot; since I got into music and still think its as overrated the day  I bought it. I do admit its good and listenable but after hearing that it  &quot;inspires generations&quot; and on top ten-lists then you begin to  hate it. Everyone goes on and on about Pink Floyd sounding differnt and  creating a new sound...They were just an acid that's it. Do yourself a  favor and buy Pink Floyd's &quot;The Piper At The Gates Of Dawn&quot;. Syd  Barret was the real master mind behind Floyd, not this album and &quot;The  Wall&quot;.
079213690X|5.0|Braveheart gave the world it's first Scottish history lesson. Granted, it was not completely accurate, but it did a good job of portraying the situation. Sir William Wallace is a man who embodies the virtues of what it  means to be Scottish - passionate, brave, determined, Godly, kind, and  strong.  Mel Gibson has produced a very remarkable film, an epic whose  story will live on inside you for many years to come. - Andrew McDiarmid,  producer, Simply Scottish Radio
0671004107|2.0|This is one of those odd cases where the movie is better than the book.  I  saw the movie first and enjoyed it.  Then I read the book.  The book is  drawn out and slow moving, the characters are poorly developed and it is  full of Sagan's political agenda that detracts from what should be a fun  sci-fi novel.
6302649943|1.0|this is the worst stephen king movie ever! the book is my favorite out of all books and i've read it a thousand times, maybe that was why i was so  disappointed in this movie. when i first saw this movie on tv i was  horrified, tim curry was the perfect choice for the clown, and the first  part (with the children) was ok, but the directors left so much out and  changed so much, i felt betrayed. i've seen it once more lately to see if  my perspective had changed, but i'm still saddened by the lack of respect  for the greatest book i've ever read. maybe if it hadn't been a tv movie...
B0000009TT|4.0|At the time, that is in 1977, rumors started circulating about Frank Zappa having had recorded a four record set on the magnitude and scope of `Uncle  Meat' to be released on his own newly formed record label, Zappa Records.    The rumors were true and you probably know that because of a contractual  snafu with Warner Brothers/Reprise he lost the rights to the material in a  lawsuit.   The material from that album, which was to have been called  'Lather', was repackaged by WBR into the four albums; Live in New York,  Studio Tan, Sleep Dirt, and  Orchestral Favorites.    There exists some  promo test pressings of the original Lather which sell for exorbitant  amounts at record collector conventions and so I was glad that the record  was finally released on CD.      Even with four bonus tracks though, this  is still not the complete Lather album.   Disk one has the original lp  sides one, two, and three, intact.   Disk two has sides four, five and six  and it starts with the intact side four, however on the rest of the CD the  track order becomes jumbled, and a 3:07 version of Baby Snakes  from the  original side six was, for some reason, dropped from this release! (a 1:50  version appears on the Sheik Yerbouti album).    The liner notes make no  mention of this fact.  Nor do the notes tell us if the final track on the  original Lather album's side seven, \\"One More Time for the World\\" is the  same as the track that was put in that position on the CD, \\"The Ocean is  the Ultimate Solution\\"   In fact, the notes seem to be written by someone  who isn't that familiar with Zappa.  For example, for the track 3 disk 2,  Big Leg Emma (\\"I'm in a big dilemma about my big leg Emma...she used to knock  me out until her face broke out) is a number Frank played on stage long  before their first record, but the notes say, \\"A song that celebrates as it  ridicules...  The fickle finger of fate is pointing firmly at the guys on  this one...\\"  say what?      The four bonus tracks kind ofcompensate for  this sloppy package.   The first one is Frank introducing the Lather album  on the radio and talking over the first track, Re-gyptian Strut.   The  second bonus track, `The Leather Goods' is typical Zappa guitar solo that  breaks into Led Zeppelin's `Whole Lotta Love' at the end.   `Revenge of the  Knick Knack People' could easily have fit on the Lumpy Gravy album.   It  opens with a demented voice asking, \\"hey, you got an upset stomach? I'll  give you a Pepto-Dismal\\"  and continues with munchkin giggles and rolling,  tapping percussion.  `Time is Money' is a slightly different version than  the one on the `Sleep Dirt' album.
B000003S0I|5.0|A beautiful, timeless and delectable mix of surrealist lyrics and blistering musical build-ups that swirl around the listener obligation he  or she to deem it nonsense until he or she truly wants to an EXPERIENCE out  of the music. I have heard few albums that make me wish that Amazon's scale  allowed more than five scales. This is one of them. This album should  please fans of progrock, jazz and even classical.
1573227978|4.0|This is Richard's story. He's an English backpacker who lands in Thailand  and can't resist an adventure into the unknown.  He finds one on offer at a  Bangkok hostel, where he meets Daffy, an emaciated, pot smoking mad  Scotsman who gives Richard a map to a secret island community - The Beach.  He heads for the island with a beautiful young French couple, Etienne and  Francoise, and they find a secret community that's very different indeed.  The Beach is a fast-paced adventure story which examines how, no matter  where we go, we cannot escape the ideologies our culture has ingrained in  us. The narrative moves along at breakneck speed as Richard takes you into  'beachlife'. With his guidance, you'll grow to love some of the characters  and hate others from the outset. I found this to be a really enjoyable read  and couldn't put it down.
B000001ESP|3.0|Rush have always been more sentient, positive, musically adept and  progressively minded than most hard rock bands. They are thinkers and  sympathizers playing a type of music where being rugged and aggressive to  degrees of shallowness and superficiality are common. Listen to Tom Sawyer,  a musing about the status of modern thinkers or the condemnation of  philosophical judges and terrorists heard in Witch Hunt. Vital Signs  showcases the band's virtuoso level composure skills while Limelight shows  them as simply good rock song writers. Surely, a thinking man's upbeat hard  rock outfit with a large amount of talent is not a bad idea. Sure beats  listening to White Zombie. But the niche is forcefully stretched on Moving  Pictures. The merriment heard on Red Barchetta completely tedious. The  Camera eye is a ten minute chorus about the joys of being alive in the  city. About three and a half are necessary. Basically, a pretty gratifying  set of songs from a unique band with a few spotty moments. A would  recommend purchasing their 1974 self-entitled release or A Farewell to  Kings first.
0684869713|5.0|OK, well it's at least the best I've ever read.  Lots of people tend to  judge this book based on their opinions of Objectivism.  Don't.  Whether  you agree or not with Rand's political views, this is a great story and an  extraordinarily well-written novel.
B00000IPAX|4.0|I found Enema of the State to be an excellent cd when i first heard it,  but after hearing blink 182's earlier works, this just doesn't measure up.  they've really toned down their punk sound. the best tracks: dumpweed,  aliens exist, going away to college, dysentery gary, mutt and especially  anthem.
0062502182|5.0|The book begins with Santiago, a simple Spanish shepherd, arriving at an  abandoned church  with a single sycamore tree. Despite his extensive  travels all over Andalucia, Santiago has never encountered this church  before, but nevertheless decides that it is as good of place as any to  settle down for the night. Santiago then experiences a mysterious and  prophetic dream of hidden treasure at the Pyramids of Egypt. This dream  makes Santiago's thirst for knowledge, wisdom and new experiences even  stronger. After seeking advice from a gypsy and meeting a magical king,  Santiago must decide whether to give up everything familiar and comfortable  in his life and seek  the treasure, following the path of his true destiny  along the way. Or choosing, as most people do,  to remain, and finally lose  sight of his destiny. <br />Seeking ancient and worldly wisdom as well as the  treasure, Santiago travels to northern Africa. Faced with obstacles and  doubts from the beginning, Santiago finally reaches his destination. Along  the way, he makes friends, meets the love of his life and most  significantly, gains wisdom from an enigmatic alchemist.  <br />The lessons  and wisdom Santiago acquires during his adventure can be applied to  everyday life in today's society.  Although the story is a very simply  written allegory, the underlying wisdom is very powerful and profound.  Readers must be willing to open their eyes and minds and many parallels   between modern real life and Santiago's life can be found. These include  society's fear of change and the unwillingness to seek destiny and true  happiness, instead preferring to settle into a comfortable and familiar, if  not inhibiting, routine.  <br />For anyone with an open mind and an open heart  , this book has many lessons to teach.
B0000296SI|1.0|Well, where do I start? These guys play about as well as a garage band.  They have very basic skills. The guitar playing especially blows. A blind  monkey could play better than these guys. As for the songwriting, it seems  to be the work of 8th graders. Absolutely juvenile. This band fits right in  with all the other garbage that is being foisted off on us, with sloppy  playing, poor writing, and confusing foul language with truly making a  social statement
044651652X|5.0|One of the best books out there in terms of emotions.  One can't help but  be moved by this love story.  One must be open-minded to appreciate the  simple truths that float throughout this wonderful story.  Buy this book  and let yourself be captured by the magic and emotion that develops with  every word.
B000002HH2|5.0|Being a HUGE Bjork fanatic let me tell you that if you want to hear some  exoticly haunting yet soothing music this is the CD to turn to!!!I listen  to it at least 3 hours everyday,.......Bjork at her very, very BEST!!!!
B000001DTM|5.0|Achtung Baby is unquestionably the best album ever recorded. The music is  powerful, full of incredbile sounds that blow you away. From &quot;Even  Better than the Real Thing&quot; to &quot;One&quot;, U2 takes you to a new  high which never takes you down. U2 produces a remarkable album which took  the 1990's by storm. Simply close your eyes, sit back and enjoy the  outstanding album that will remain at the top for centuries.
B000000WF0|5.0|Few bands reach a high level of critical and commercial success.  The Verve was one of those bands.  The combination of Richard Ashcroft's  strong, emotive vocals with Nick McCabe's guitar genius equals one of the  finest albums of the 90s.  From the anthem &quot;Bitter Sweet  Symphony&quot; to the haunting sonic power of the hidden track following  &quot;Come On&quot;, each song is worth a listen.  &quot;The Drugs Don't  Work&quot;, track four, is one of the Verve's most effective moments.  A  deeply personal song for Ashcroft (allegedly, the lyrics were originally  &quot;now the drugs don't work/they just make me worse&quot;), the lyrics  are still vague enough for universal appeal.  The emotions on the album run  the gamut:  unrequited love (&quot;Sonnet&quot;), heartbreak (&quot;Space  And Time&quot;), and happiness (&quot;Lucky Man&quot;). Urban Hymns  effectively provides an deep, layered sonic atmosphere for emotions that  touch everyone.
158234082X|2.0|I was very disappointed in this book.  I had hoped for a wealth of insider insight on the restaurant business for the aspiring chef and the average  diner alike.  What I got was a profane (though occasionally funny) story of  one chef's meandering career path.<br />There is really only one chapter that  contains insight that can be considered practical, and even that is flawed  in some ways (the author recommends an alternative brand of knife to the  expensive german brands, but upon shopping I found the alternative brand to  be even more expensive).  His comments on dining are sensible (midweek  diners get the best service, the best chefs don't work on Sunday), but  provide limited insight to most thinking diners (you probably already know  this).<br />The only readers who I would recommend this book to are aspiring  chefs who might benefit from the author's candid, sordid depiction of life  as a chef -- I don't know that it's representative of all or even most  chefs (even the author acknowledges this as he describes the very different  career path of one of his colleague chefs), but it would certainly  encourage most aspiring chefs to give their career plans a reality check.
0930073207|5.0|&quot;Economics in One Lesson&quot; by Henry Hazlitt succeeds very well at what it was meant to do. The book makes it extremely easy for the reader to  learn about economics. The book is simple and easy to understand. And it's  also quite enjoyable to read. And it's only about 200 pages long, so it can  be read in a relatively short period of time.<br />Most high schools do not  teach economics. And most colleges do not require any economics courses to  be taken. However, with this book, you can learn all the major  basics.<br />The most important thing that this book does is that it rebukes  and counters all of the majorly popular misconceptions about economics.  According to the book, the two main reasons that most people don't  understand economics when they look at a certain policy are, #1 they only  look at how the policy affects its targeted group of people, and avoid  considering how it affects the population as a whole and #2 they only look  at the short term consequences of the policy, and ignore the long term  effects.<br />For example, let's say that foreign companies are selling cheap  steel to the U.S. So in order to protect jobs in the U.S. steel industry,  the U.S. government creates import restrictions on steel that gets imported  into the U.S. (These import restrictions could be either tariffs, quotas,  or a combination of the two. The net result will be the same either  way.)<br />So because of these trade barriers, the U.S. steel industry is  saved. The jobs of thousands of steel workers are saved. We see reports on  the TV news and in the newspapers that these jobs have been saved.  Supposedly, the country is better off. Supposedly, these trade barriers  were a good idea.<br />But most people will ignore the other affects of these  trade barriers. Because the price of steel is higher, this will harm the  U.S. industries that make things out of steel. The automobile industry, the  washing machine industry, the refrigerator industry, the construction  industry, and many other industries, will all have to pay higher prices for  steel. So these industries will not be able to afford to employ as many  people as they otherwise would, and so some jobs in these industries will  be lost. Consumers will have to pay higher prices for things made of steel,  so these consumers will have less money to spend on other things, such as  food, clothing, entertainment, furniture, and other things, so some jobs in  these industries will be lost. Since the U.S. is importing less steel from  other countries, then these other countries will have fewer American  dollars to buy goods from the U.S., so U.S. exports will go down, so U.S.  jobs in these industries will be lost. The overall result of this trade  barrier policy is that the net number of U.S. jobs remains the same, but  that the average purchasing power of the average citizen is reduced. So  overall, the average citizen has a lower standard of living. But most  people will ignore the negative effects of the trade barriers.<br />This idea  can be applied to other economic polices, too. Yes, farm subsidies do  indeed benefit specific farmers. Yes, various labor laws do indeed benefit  specific workers. Yes, laws that restrict competition in certain areas do  indeed benefit certain people. The problem is that most people only look at  the benefits of these kinds of policies. What most people ignore is that  all of these policies have negative effects on other people, and that the  total negative effects outweigh the total positive effects. So the overall  result is that these kinds of policies make the average person worse  off.<br />So why do most people only see the benefits of these policies, and  ignore the negative effects? Because the direct benefits for the intended  beneficiaries are usually very concentrated among a relatively small group  of people, and so the benefits are very visible. But the  negative effects  of such polices are usually spread out over a much larger group of people,  and so this harm is not always very easy to see. For example, if trade  barriers against imported steel raise the prices of things made of steel  (automobiles, refrigerators, washing machines, etc.), so that people have  less money to spend on other things, such as, say, going to the movies,  and, as a result, a movie theater has to close down, then it is very hard  to trace the closing of the movie theater to the fact that the government  had placed trade barriers against imported steel.<br />Hazlitt also explains  that in the long run, many economic policies end up hurting the very people  that the policies were intended to help. In the long run, price controls on  beef lead to a shortage of beef, minimum wage laws cause unemployment among  low-skilled workers, and rent control leads to a shortage of low-cost  housing. <br />This book very strongly supports the idea that actions have  consequences. And these consequences affect a much larger number of people  than most people would expect to be affected. If everybody read this book,  the population of the U.S. would be much better educated in the area of  economic policies, and then, hopefully, they would act more logically when  it came to choosing our elected representatives in government.
0767903854|3.0|I didn't enjoy this Bill Bryson book as much as I had expected to.  The  book is a fast read and has a number of laughs, but it represents a  departure from some of his earlier books.<br />This book contains a LOT  research on Australian history, politics, and botany.  True, it's presented  in as humorous a way as it might be able to be presented, but I wasn't that  interested in the subject matter.  It seems that Mr. Bryson could have  written the book without actually ever having set foot in Australia as his  encounters with Australians are relatively few and far between in this  book.  True, part of that is due to the distances he must have drove -- you  don't meet too many people in your car.  But, at times I felt like I was  his captive passenger as he told yey another anecdote about Australian  explorers or deadly fauna.<br />The most engaging part of Bryson's writings  that I enjoy is truly getting a flavor of the place he's visiting -- in  this case, I think he missed the mark.
B0000033IR|5.0|&quot;Lady Soul&quot; is my favorite Aretha Franklin album. I've had it  for about a decade, and I have probably listened to it over a hundred  times. Aretha has what is probably the best voice of anyone in the history  of rock music. Actually, this music is a mixture of rock and soul.   Although there really isn't any gospel on this CD, Aretha's voice does  benefit from her gospel singing that she had done in her youth, too, which  has definitely helped her to use her voice when she sings rock and soul.  The physical quality of her voice, the smoothness, the feeling, the soul,  the power in her voice, and the way that she uses her voice to its full  effect, are all amazingly displayed on this album. You really can't go  wrong with this CD.<br />I like all of the songs here. There are no duds - no  filler at all. My favorites here are &quot;Chain of Fools,&quot;  &quot;Money Won't Change You,&quot; &quot;Niki Hoeky,&quot; and &quot;Come  Back Baby.&quot; This is a great CD. A lot of people buy her greatest hits  CDs, but I prefer her albums. In addition to &quot;Lady Soul,&quot; I also  strongly recommend that you get &quot;I Never Loved a Man The Way I Love  You.&quot;
B00000K19E|5.0|This is the ultimate DVD video. The first thing I noticed with this movie was the sound, it absolutely explodes with it. The special effects are  amazing, they are the real star of this movie.   This is one of those films  that grabs you and sucks you in. The story is a little far fetched but,  thats what makes it fun.   There are a whole lot of extras on this DVD,  well worth the $18-20.   If you like action, this film is for you!
B0000024SD|5.0|Bob Dylan's first four albums were all purely acoustic. &quot;Bringing It  All Back Home&quot; is his fifth album, and his first one to make use of an  electric guitar. Although all of his previous work has much reason to be  recommended, this particular CD is, in my opinion, Dylan's first  masterpiece.<br />I tend to prefer Dylan's uptempo, faster paced music, so,  not surprisingly, my favorite songs here are &quot;Subterranean Homesick  Blues,&quot; &quot;Maggie's Farm,&quot; &quot;Outlaw Blues,&quot; &quot;On  The Road Again,&quot; and &quot;Bob Dylan's 115th Dream.&quot; All five of  these songs, in one way or another, deal with the ideas of breaking free  and taking charge of your life. There's quite a bit of humor here, too. In  &quot;Bob Dylan's 115th Dream,&quot; he's on a boat, and he sings,  &quot;Cut the engines. Chain the sails!&quot; How interesting to have an  engine on a sailboat!<br />As is typical of Dylan's work, the songs here are  very lyrically dense. I think that if you were to write the lyrics out on  paper, the average song here would probably have about three times as many  words as does the average rock or pop song. And a lot of the time, I admit,  I have little to no idea what Dylan is trying to say. Oh, I don't mean that  I can't hear what the words are. I can indeed hear what the words are. But  what I mean is that, a lot of the time, I really have no idea what it is  that Dylan is talking about. But that's OK. I sort of kind of guess that in  some cases, maybe even Dylan himself didn't know what he was talking  about!<br />This CD is quit enjoyable to listen to, and it was the beginning  of what I consider to be Dylan's string of his four best albums, which were  all recorded consecutively - this album, &quot;Highway 61 Revisited,&quot;  &quot;Blonde on Blonde,&quot; and &quot;The Basement Tapes.&quot; To me,  these are Dylan's four best albums. I recommend buying all four of them.
0884271153|4.0|It's Not Luck is the follow up to the Goal.  Written in the form of a  Novel, it examines different value perceptions of the market.  You'll learn  about ultra variable costing, utilizing excess capacity to serve seemingly  unprofitable market segments, and how to break down barriers to achieve new  avenues to profitability.  Priceline is a perfect example of an entire  company built on exploiting constraints in the marketplace, and wringing  every last bit of revenue (maybe one day profitably) out of previously  unused capacity.<br />The book provides a brief introduction to the Thinking  Processes, which are used to examine conflicting logical arguments, and  develop a workable solution, satisfactory to both sides.  Within the book,  the methodology of the Thinking Processes is applied to both business  dilemmas, and to that of parent/teenager relationships.  It's all about  building understanding between people with differing perspectives, and the  variety of situations to which it is applied clearly illustrates the  versatility of Goldratt's methods.<br />If you found &quot;The Goal&quot;  valuable, you'll like this one, though w/o Jeff Cox, the writing isn't  quite as good as the Goal.  To continue your journey into the world of TOC  and the TP (Theory of Constraints and Thinking Processes) look for books by  H. William Dettmer.  No novel formats in Dettmer's books, that I've read,  but much more thorough explanation of TOC.  <br />For TOC on project  management, check out Goldratt's &quot;Critical Chain&quot;!
B00004SCX6|5.0|...I waited 3 months to get this album and to tell you the truth It is the bomb every single song on this album is catchy ,energetic, sweet and great  for all fun occasions including SUMMER.The songs I think are video worthy  are : 1. STRONGER 2. I CAN'T GET NO SATISFACTION 3. WHAT U SEE IS WHAT U  GET 4. ONE KISS FROM YOU  5. CAN'T MAKE YOU LOVE ME  6. WHEN YOUR EYES SAY  IT 7. DEAR DIARY<br />A couple of songs on the album remind of songs on her  previous album, songs such as WHAT U SEE IS WHAT U GET for eg. sounds a lot  like YOU DRIVE ME CRAZY.<br />2. ONE KISS FROM YOU - THINKIN' ABOUT YOU<br />3.  WHEN YOUR EYES SAY IT - FROM THE BOTTOM OF MY BROKEN HEART<br />4. LUCKY -  SOMETIMES<br />and thats Britney's downfall she should of tried some thing  more fresh for us music listeners. Anyway no matter what I like the album.  One song on the album I really would advise you not to listen to is  &quot;DON'T LET ME BE THE LAST TO KNOW&quot; . Why did Shania Twain include  her backup singers on the song?, it just ruined it.<br />Last but not least my  favourite slow song is &quot;WHERE ARE YOU NOW&quot; that song sounds  really great, at least she tried something new for once.
0812932293|5.0|Branson shares one heck of a story.  It includes antics as a teenager,  problems in school coupled with entrepreneurial endeavors, harrowing hot  air balloon adventures, and culminates with a heated battle with British  Airlines.<br />Branson was wheelin' and dealin' from day one, when Virgin  began as &quot;Student&quot;, a magazine bootstrapped to moderate success.   It soon led to selling records via mail order, the opening of retail record  outlets, and other business ventures, including the launch of the Virgin  Atlantic airline.  Throughout the book, Branson shares early run-ins with  the police, harrowing hot air balloon adventures, intimate encounters, and  his perspective on all his life experiences.  <br />The book culminates with  an in depth recount of the battle between Virgin Atlantic and British  Airways.  According to the book, BA throws obstacle after obstacle,  including a dirty PR machine in the path of Virgin Atlantic, attempting to  force it out of business using any means necessary.  The upstart, Virgin,  determine to get a fair shake, ultimately puts together a case to silence  BA's slanderous campaign, and emerges with the right to compete freely with  BA, and a substantial financial settlement. The little guy wins, and BA  gets what it deserves.<br />Branson sees and writes about life as one big  adventure.  No obstacle is too big to overcome, no calculated risk too big  to take.  Virgin's gotta be an exciting place to be, and Branson quite a  character to know.  Whether you're looking for a business book, a novel, or  just a great autobiography, check out &quot;Losing My Virginity&quot;!
0800187814|4.0|This is a very good film.  It's well acted and well directed.  I agree with the review written by Dennis Littrel., but write to add just two  thoughts:<br />First, this is the type of film that should be made more often.  It'd doesn't fall into the typical Hollywood formula of smaltzh, but  instead actually has a message.  Hate Larry Flynt if you will, but respect  the fact that he did us all a great service by testing the limits of our  tolerance for 1st Amendment values.  It's a great civic lesson.<br />Second,  Coutney Love is OUTSTANDING in this role.  She has a charisma that cuts  through the screen, and reaches the viewer in ways that I never would have  expected from her.  Ok, maybe playing a junkie was not much of a stretch  for her.  But she does it with pure magnestism.  Bravo to Ms. Love.
6302250269|5.0|This movie is just perfect on so many levels.  It will literally suck you in, so take the phone off the hook and get some Jiffy-Pop and Brews ready.   It's a roller coaster ride of a movie, which is only made better with the  amazing score by Hans Zimmer.  My theory about this movie is not one of  &quot;feminist fantasy&quot;; rather, it has a theme everyone can relate to  at one point or another.  I believe that this movie is really about the  numbing humdrumness of everyday life,and the way that we all accept our  lot, but that on some level we sometimes wish to escape.  The scene where  Louise pulls the car over and gets out and just stands there, looking out  in the night and absorbing all of the sounds, is particularly gripping; in  her eyes we see a crossover, a metamorphosis. It's freedom.  I also  appreciate the movie's working-middle-class undertones: Louise as the jaded  waitress, and Thelma as the edge-of-white-trash housewife.  This movie came  out at a time when the working class was finally being re-examined in  popular media, with shows like &quot;Roseanne.&quot; This is a movie that  is about the desperation of modern life, and about quiet anger unleashed. A  must see.
B000002IGV|5.0|YOU'RE GONNA BURN IN HELL!!!!!!!!!!
0802130208|5.0|To respond to some of the less than enthusiastic responses to this novel,  to each his own. But it is very difficult to understand how anyone can read  this masterpiece and not laugh out loud. It is that funny. No book before  or since has been able to capture the dialogue and situations that Toole  did. It is a shame he took his own life, but he left behind some of the  best writings in American history. Im very serious. This is a comic  masterpiece is every way.
6305126062|5.0|Although this movie is 3 hours long, it is very entertaining.  Kristin Scott Thomas is great as Annie MacLean, an uptight, big city (New York  City) woman and the mother of Grace, played by Scarlett Johannson.  Robert  Redford also gives a good performance as &quot;horse whisperer&quot; Tom  Booker, even though his sex-symbol days are long behind him. (This is a  MUCH better movie than 'A River Runs Through It', which Redford also  directed.)  Dianne Wiest gives a dim performance as a frumpy rancher's  wife.  The shining stars of this movie are definitely Kristin Scott Thomas  and Scarlett Johannson.  Very worthwhile.
B0000019PA|5.0|If Originality and Sincerity coupled and bore a son this would be the  product. Never in all my searches for new and ecclectic music  have I ever  encountered anything such as this.<br />Magnum's voice is perfect only in it's  imperfections. Often, in my experiences, the best voices (i.e. Bob Dylan,  Fiona Apple, Tori Amos etc.) don't run eight octaves but they have the  ability to hit you straight in your stomach with one twist of a word. Jeff  Magnum does this and does this well.<br />Magnum's lyrics also combine a  stream-of-consciousness type wording which once read, with the music  playing is best, makes even more of an emotional impact.  Dealing with  themes of Death, Loss of Love and Family they become stories we can all  relate too.<br />The various instruments (shortwave radio, flugelhorn,  trombone etc.) are used to provide a very interesting sound that is hazily  reminiscent of a New Orleans funeral march. This is said not to sound dire  but it is truly amazing how they blended these factions together and came  up with something that fits so beautifully together.<br />Besides, how can you  not love a song that has a singing saw??
B00003CWN3|4.0|This is the most scary and frustrating movie I have ever seen. I had to FF my vdotape beause I was so scared. I think the leading character playing  Brandon/Teena deserves the best actress. I truly think her character fits  the best. The rest of them is very excellent.  They all should deserve some  winning awards. But, I would feel better if I knew the past and the family  backgrounds of Brandon because that would make me have better connections  with the movie. I also don't think the girlfriend did not know that Brandon  was a woman. But, she probably did not reject it. Think about it like if  you were her, and you were kissing him, would you know at all?
B000000W8C|5.0|Sometimes I crave this album...I will sit in my car at a red light and suddenly..I am frantic..I will be rummaging though my CD case trying to  find where I put this beautiful thing...and much to the pleasure of the  person behind me...before the second honk...I usually get it. <br />The  essence of what makes this album so amazing is that it is perfectly  balanced. It is so close to riding the edge of something so powerful and  yet something so gentle you can't help but let it seep into you. It often  sickens me that these five people could be so brilliant...and still not be  together.<br />Ashcroft's voice is so versatile in the emotion that it can  generate. Throughout this album it ranges between a confident observer in  &quot;This Is Music&quot; to a hopelful but spent man in  &quot;History&quot;....<br />However, I must say that this album belongs to  guitarist Nick McCabe. The presence of his influence is heard (even more so  now that Ashcroft has a solo out) best in this album. The intensity of his  playing is stunning and volatile all in the same moment.  <br />The album  shows just how much 'soul' this group had.
B000002WPI|5.0|This is probably my favorite album to come out of Shaolin.  I love the raw  street feel it has.  Wu Tang forever has m favorite track in Triumph but  this whole cd is great.  Every song sounds like classic Wu.  My personal  favorites would probably have to be M.E.T.H.O.D. man, CREAM, clan in da  front, and tearz.  This album also contains the infamous torture skit which  is realy realy funny in a disturbing sort of way.  This is a cd that you  could just let play while you're doing something else or you can listen  closely to the lyrics , either way you'll be loving this album.  I don't  say this much but if any cd deserves it this one probably does and that is  that this cd is a classic( an over used term by many people).  The thing  that makes this cd a classic isn't just the fact that it is great but the  fact that it was a ground breaking cd in many ways.  If you love or even  like wu a little bit this is a cd that should be in your personal  collection.
B000000OSG|5.0|I find Genevieve Williams review misleading in that these two albums are a  tribute to a larger than life band which encapsulated a period of time in  songs such as &quot;get in the ring&quot; and &quot;shotgun blues&quot;  which she slates!. What &quot;fills&quot; the gaps between these amazing  songs are experimental tunes which tell us about how the band worked on and  created their songs. Ok, Appetite is the don, but illusion 2 and 1 are  classics in their own right, Knocking on heavens door is made into an  anthem (lighters at the ready) and tracks such as &quot;pretty tied  up&quot; and &quot;you could be mine&quot; just rock. well, if you don't  have this one in your collection,... WAKE UP!!!! add to basket... thats  right... now, proceed to checkout!.... ok, good, good....
0743200799|5.0|Gene Krantz's book takes one on a tour of the brain trust behind the  courage and charisma of the astronauts and into a world where split second  decisions often made the difference between success and utter failure...  even death.  Krantz spells this story out and his book is very engaging;  bringing the space buff into his very private world of hard work, genius,  ultimate concentration and patriotism.  There are points where the story is  complex and exciting, and points where it is poignant and funny.  Krantz is  very descriptive in short, to the point sentences, but this does not take  anything from the story.<br />His description of the Saturn V and how it has  been abandonded and how the White Team colors were retired will bring a  lump to your throat.  A very good read.  Makes you want to meet the man,  shake his hand and tell him, &quot;Thanks, Gene.  Outstanding job.&quot;
6302763835|4.0|As fan of many films, including B rated horror, Tarantula has always been up there in my top five favorites. John Agar, who seemed to be the sci-fi  thrillers leading man in the 50's, is absolutely priceless with his cocky  and corny attitude we've all come to know and love. The special effects in  this movie were great, considering when it was made. Having it filmed in  the desert gave it another eerie quality in itself. I would recommend  watching this film on a lazy afternoon with a bowl of popcorn and prepare  to be entertained!
B00004TJTS|5.0|I was a little skecptical of the movie at first. I mean, I hadn't really watched a kiddie movie for quite awhile. But this movie is more than just a  kiddie movie, it's one for all ages. Adults and maybe some teens will find  it just as enjoyable as kids. <br />This movie stars Frankie Muniz, who is as  adorable as the dog, as an only child living in wartimes in a small  southern town called Yazoo. His next door neighboor is the most famous ball  player in all of Yazoo, Dink (played by a convincing Luke Wilson). Dink is  his only friend, since all the other boys there treat him like crap. I  never knew kids could be so awful, I mean so incredibly awful. But soon  Dink has to go off to the war and Willy (or Billy, I never really did catch  his name) is left alone without any playmates. <br />You can kind of figure  out for yourself what happens after, but I don't want to spoil anymore of  this wonderful movie! Besides great performances by Frankie Muniz, Luke  Wilson, not to mention Eddie the dog from 'Frasier', who plays Skip, Kevin  Bacon and Diane Lane also turn in great performances as Willy's parents.  <br />See this movie with the whole family. Trust me, every single person will  walk away happy!
6305810109|5.0|This is a beautiful and gentle movie that says a lot about forgiveness and the importance of making peace with those who are important in our lives.  Richard Farnsworth did an excellent job of conveying the pain and poignancy  of a man t the end of his life, full of regrets, but also full of love. It  was touching and uplifting and enables people to be reminded of the  positive side of the human race rather than the negative. It is full of  wisdom and truth.
B0000020C4|5.0|Les Miserables has always been a powerful musical, and the Tenth  Anaversary recording only makes it more so. This cd has some of the  greatest vocies on broadway coming together in one spectacular preformance.  Philip Quast,Lea Salonga, and Michael Ball are only a few vocies heard  here. Trust me, this cd is worth every penny.
B00004U9MS|4.0|Every few years a British band grabs the spotlight (Oasis, Radiohead,  Travis) and a slew of imitators arrive in their wake.  Coldplay comes fast  on the heels of Travis's success; it's hard not to notice the similarities.   Both have solid songwriters, excellent lead vocalists (reminiscent of  Radiohead's Thom Yorke), simple yet engaging songs, open hearted, free of  an unbecoming irony.  (Never the wittiest of bands, the new earnestness in  Britpop has made Oasis seem even more irrelevant.)   Coldplay's debut  Parachutes, is one of the finalists for Britain's esteemed Mercury prize.    It would be no disgrace if it won.  Ten good-to-great tracks (including the  killer singles \\"Yellow\\" and \\"Shiver\\"), Parachutes is more uneven than  Travis's The Man Who and also more passionate.  You can hear the influence  of Nick Drake in the lilting acoustic numbers; Jeff Buckley in the raging  phrases of the faster songs; there's blues borrowed from Gomez; even new  wave in the perfectly constructed hooks.  A first-rate distillation of the  best British rock has to offer.
B00000JY1X|5.0|To say that this box set has impacted my life in the last year is reason enough for me to give it 5 stars.  I mean it's just music right?  These  CD's hit me at the right time in my life.  A time when i am looking for  answers about many things but most importantly looking for answers about  love.  Every track is surreal it takes you into another place where just  your imagination exists.  I don't suppose these songs could sound so good  to someone who is settled down and married but I don't know because i am  not settled down and married.  If you just look at the sounds and  instruments it sounds very cool and revolutionary that is one thing it  itself.  When you combine that with incredibly personal lyrics and  incredible voices singing beautiful melodies i mean an idiot can see that  it's a winning combination.
B00001SIES|5.0|although many who have listened to muscle museum think that Matthew  Bellamy's vocals sound like thom york and although many who have listened  to the whole album think that muse is a pale imatation of radiohead i can  certainly say that showbiz as an album was the best album i listened on  1999..to me Matthew Bellamy's vocals resemble jeff buckley more than thom  york and Matthew should be really proud of being compared to jeff  buckley..the album is perfect except one or two tracks that could be  skipped..there are many songs that can be counted as my favourite but my  three favourites are :&quot;hate this&amp;I'll love you&quot;  ,&quot;cave&quot; and &quot;falling down&quot;..
1573227978|4.0|I've read Lord of the Flies, and The Beach, so when someone says &quot;Lord of the Flies meets the 21st Century&quot; etc. then I get a bit  annoyed. Lord of the Flies is about a group of kids on a desert island who  quickly become psychos hunting in packs, it documents the change from  little kids to something more deadly. The Beach is about one man and his  search for paradise and the price other people will pay to keep that  paradise. It is NOT Lord of the Flies! A drug-filled 450 page book that  although could be seen as slow, others could see it as methodical, I see it  as a well-crafted novel with a lot of original writing techniques, Alex  Garland deserves every penny he made. Also, don't be put off with the movie  tie-in label this version has been given, it's just the same as the  original (released 2 years earlier) plus you get some pictures from the  film.
B00003CWNR|5.0|Nineteen ninety-nine was an outstanding year for adaptations of major literary works, but of all the great books that came to the screen last  year, this is my favorite.  John Irving's novel and adaptation is one of  the most complete stories I can remember in many years.  It is poignant,  exhilarating, and astutely human in its scope, presenting a myriad of human  emotions and experiences.<br />Often, when a story attempts to cross genres so  broadly, it fails from lack of depth or insufficiency of the writer or  director to meet the variable demands of such a wide-ranging treatment.   This film was a comedy, a tragedy, a romance, a human-interest story, a  character study, and a period piece, and each element was excellently  done.<br />This was all accomplished without sacrificing the philosophical and  emotional depth Irving imbues in all his works.  Irving weaves a strong  moral into this story; that rules need to be questioned and that being  human is not so easily codified.  He revisits this theme repeatedly, with  each character facing dilemmas regarding societal and personal rules that  are difficult to reconcile in the given situations.<br />If there is one thing  that stands out about this story, it is its human realism.  These are  ordinary people struggling with problems we all face.  We come to have  affection for almost all of them, and can identify with their tribulations.   Although the story is excessively sentimental and fatalistic, it reminds  us that life is complicated and doesn't always turn out the way we plan or  hope. <br />From a filmmaking perspective, we could not have asked more from  Lasse Hallstrom.  Known most in the U.S. for his direction of `What's  Eating Gilbert Grape', Hallstrom has been making wonderful films in Europe  for almost twenty years.  However, this film will certainly go down as his  finest work.  In the featurette on the DVD, he said that when he goes to  Blockbuster with his daughter and sees it on the shelf, he will have a  feeling of pride; and well he should.<br />This motion picture was beautifully  filmed with rich cinematography, breathtaking locations, and precise period  props and costumes.  However, the greatest achievement for Hallstrom,  working in concert with Irving, was to orchestrate a large cast in such a  way that no character seemed insignificant.  Hallstrom took great care to  do enough development of each character (often just visually without any  dialogue) that he made us care for each of them.  He gave the film an  emotional depth and breadth that is difficult to achieve in two hours.  His  work with the children in the orphanage was superb, bringing forth their  innocence and enthusiasm without minimizing their plight.<br />The acting was  uniformly outstanding.  Tobey Maguire infused Homer with the right  combination of idealism, naivet and inner strength to make him an  unassuming but powerful lead.  Charlize Theron continues to impress me with  her acting ability.  Besides her enchanting girl-next-door attractiveness,  she showed terrific range in a character that at first seemed shallow, but  later proved to be quite complex.<br />Michael Caine has had a legendary  career spanning close to half a century.  He has long been one of my  favorite actors.  His performance here was powerful and well deserving of  the acclaim he received.  Dr. Larch was an extremely complex character;  egotistical, self-abusive, manipulative and recalcitrant, yet a saintly,  self-sacrificing and loving crusader for the good of the children.  Caine's  ability to span that range was remarkable.<br />Finally, I have the highest  praise for Delroy Lindo as Mr. Rose, the orchard foreman.  Lindo's bright  smile and enthusiasm created a rock solid character with charm, strength  and simple wisdom.  He captures our admiration immediately, and despite his  despicable act, we cannot help but pity him in the end.<br />After having seen  all the films that were nominated by the Academy for best picture last  year, I have to say that this was my personal favorite.  It wasn't as  flashy as the rest; in fact, this was downright old fashioned in its  approach.  They just don't write stories like this anymore, and that's a  shame.  I rated it a 10/10.  In its quiet way, it captured my heart.
B00000IPAX|5.0|Ok I goto say this now, I think this CD is just really really good! But I  have to admit I do think that dude ranch was better, but this was better  than the others! 12 catchy songs that are all pure gold! My favourite ones  where; don't leave me, aliens exist, what's my age agian? and anthem. The  rest where also very good execpt maybe all the small things and dysentery  gary, I didn't like all the small things becuase I guess it was way to over  played on the radio and dysentery gary because well I just hated but yet..  still liked it. But that still makes every penny it's worth so go and buy  it now! So in the end I rate this 4 and a half but since I cant I give it a  5!
B00000DG1R|5.0|Yes the disc does have some of their big hits from the 1990s as well, but is that what you're buying it for.  You want to hear &quot;Hungry Like the  Wolf&quot; again and I can't blame you.  Duran Duran are the eighties of   dance rock brilliance at a time when it just started becoming popular.   While most of their sly sexy songs aren't much on the on intelligent  factor, they prove they really can do it all by also getting into some real  heartfelt material not to mention wise songs as well.<br />The bands humble  beginnings are nothing to sneeze at with a disco rock sound that would make  Girgio Moorder blush.  Their unique sound of keyboard mesh into slight  guitar rock with &quot;Girls On Film&quot; and the commentary-like  &quot;Planet Earth&quot;.  Two of not only the biggest hits of their career  but of the first video age are found on the pop cross over new wave with  the cute New Wave rock of &quot;Rio&quot; and &quot;Hungry Like The  Wolf&quot;.  The latter is by fair the better with notable guitar sound and  harmonizing that is brilliant.  The New Wave sound would also bring them  enjoyable his like &quot;The Reflex&quot; (ahead of time dance pop) and  &quot;Is There Something I Should Know&quot;. R&amp;B experimentation is  done greatly with the help of Nile Rodgers on the catchy horns of  &quot;Notorious&quot;, and even the pop fun &quot;I Don't Want Your  Love&quot; has a dancy dun quality to it.  After that tough, the wasteland  of failure like &quot;All She Wants Is&quot; is an unneeded combo of Pet  Shop Boys like lyrics with a monotonous rock quality.  &quot;Serious&quot;  is an OK melancholy rock tune, but not up to par for them.  Comeback hits  like sensitive electronica quality of &quot;Come Undone&quot; and  &quot;Ordinary Worlds&quot; famous alternative rock feel are very welcome  as is the excessive through back &quot;Electronic Barbarella&quot; and it's  excellent sound.<br />You pretty much have ever shade of Duran Duran.  Even  when things weren't so bright.  Not every track is a winner, but they prove  they have something that made the eighties a great era in music.  It was a  great sound that just about all people could enjoy.  The only thing missing  is their homage to hip hop &quot;White Lines&quot;.  Although I'd hardly  call it missing.  You get an excellent over view in big new wave rock not  to mention a great band.
B00000DHRZ|4.0|Me myself am a HUGE Offspring fan, and after four great 5-star albums, I  was totally psyched to find that the Offspring had a new album was coming  out.  I picked it up the day it came out, and I must say I am rather  dissapointed.  Gone are the teen angst punk riffs and lyrics.  Here is the  newer side of the Offspring, the sarcastic, catchier version of the  Offspring.  No more songs like &quot;All I Want&quot; and &quot;The Meaning  Of Life&quot;.  In are the super catchy and funny &quot;Pretty Fly&quot;  and &quot;Why Don't You Get A Job&quot;.  While I miss the punk myself,  this is pretty dang catchy if I do say so myself.  I have been humming the  &quot;Give it to me baby&quot; line every day since I first heard it.   Dexter still has that whiny voice that everybody loves, and it seems as if  Noodles has improved since the self-titled days.  Here is a run-down of the  songs on a scale or 1 to 5... 1. Welcome-Like always, the Offspring have  &quot;the voice&quot; doing the first track of the album.  I won't give  this a rating 2.Have You Ever-The album starts off good with the best track  on the album.  This track probably resembles the old Offspring style the  best.  Whiny vocals, pounding drums, ahhh it brings me back to the days of  &quot;Smash&quot; (5/5) 3. Staring At The Sun-Starts slow, then gains speed  as the song goes on.  My complaint is that the Offspring only thought of  two verses for this song.  They sang both verses twice!  The drums are very  good on this song (4/5) 4. Pretty Fly-Catchy as anything I've ever heard, I  must admit I like this song.  Everybody knows what it sounds like (4.5/5)  5. The Kid's Aren't Alright-Another good punky song.  Awesome riffs by  Noodles, nice whiny vocals by Dexter (5/5) 6. Feelings-I dont care for this  song, it sorta sounds like the before track, A.F.I. vocalist Davey Havoc  stars for a little on this track (3/5) 7. She's Got Issues-Another catchy  song, resembles the Cars alot (3.5/5) 8. Walla Walla-I LIKETHIS SONG.  The  vocals are funny, and I absolutely love the chorus (4.5/5) 9. End Of The  Line-Another cool punky song, about the death of a friend, Havoc also  screams on this track at the end (4/5) 10. No Brakes-Fastest song on the  album, this song has a very very good bass line in it by Greg K.  Reminds  me of &quot;All I Want&quot; for some reason...(4/5) 11. Why Don't You Get  A Job-Catchy, catchy, catchy (4.5/5) 12. Americana-The title tracks are  always good, intro is cool, awesome chorus (5/5) 13. Pay The Man-1st half  egyptian stuff that gets a (1/5), 2nd half is old-school Offspring  (4/5)...total (2.5/5) Secret Track-Stupid version of PFFAWG (1/5) It's a  different side of the Offspring, but everybody should like it.
0140187537|5.0|We all know the difference between right and wrong, but the temptation to  commit something that is wrong to make things more right is incredibly  strong. That is what Steinbeck main character here has to deal with. Every  where he turns their is another temptation to do something and many times  he almost gives in, but the decent soul always wins out; well almost  always. He does commit somethings that maybe weren't the best things to do,  but... This is a fine book, well written and everyone should be able to  identify with these all to real characters.  The setting is a small town in  the east, the kind of town that we have seen in movie after movie, but in  all these towns, just as in real life, there are things that are not  altogether wholesome going on. This couls be set at anytime, anywhere and  still be as true to life as it is. This is a book that should be read.
6300209709|5.0|So much has been made of Chaplin and what he did in the prime of his career...this collection takes its audience into the early world of  Chaplin...giving us a glimpse of things to come. Watch the cultilvation of  the Tramp character come to fruition...step by step...frame by  frame...short by short. A peek at a true genius and how that genius  developed into the world's most recognizable movie superstar!
6300183971|3.0|I actually saw the 4 Hour TV version on the Sci-Fi channel first, then I read the book, then I watched this version. And I must say, this version  was a bit of a disappointment. But from what I understand, that wasn't the  fault of director David Lynch. He actually wanted to make a longer version,  but the studio wouldn't let him because it wasn't a &quot;popular&quot;  idea at the time. Ah, the politics of Hollywood.   Anyway, the first time I  saw this, I though that it was really, really, REALLY bizarre.  &quot;Dune&quot; tells the story of Paul Atreides ( a very YOUNG Kyle  MacLachlan), a young man who is moved with his family to the desert planet  of Dune (or Arrakis), in order to take over the production of the essential  spice called melange. Unfortunately, the move turns out to be a major trap  set by the evil Harkonnens (which includes a YOUNG Sting), who kill Paul's  father and wipe out most of the Atreides people.  Paul and his mother are  saved, and end up leading a group of desert people called Fremen in a  revolt against the Emporer (who was also in on the trap) and the  Harkonnens, ultimately restoring Paul to power and fulfilling a century-old  prophecy of a &quot;Chosen One&quot; who would lead the people of Dune to a  new paradise.   Well, that's the basic setup, but there's so much more  involved, and that's really what the movie misses. There are a thousand  other elements to this story--such as the overlapping of political,  economic, and religious manipulation--that the book captures in great  detail, but the movie fails to fully acheive. In truth, it's a very  difficult thing when someone tries to take a 500+ page book and narrow it  down to a 2 1/2 hour film.   I admire Lynch for trying to do it, but I  think that he does fall short of the full &quot;Dune&quot; vision.  The  most annoying thing was the voiceovers, which were meant to convey what the  characters were thinking and feeling.  It got old after a while, with  almost every characterwhispering to themselves, as if they were in a giant  library. Plus some of the special effects are more than a little cheesy.   But the cast is good, with a bunch of now-famous actors, and I love the  music (provided by Toto and Brian Eno), so this film is worth seeing at  least once. And I have to give it credit because it got me interested in  Frank Herbert.  But for the full effect, I'd recommend that you read the  book.
6302968143|5.0|I am proud to say that I saw this movie when it was in theaters. I fell in love with it! The Sanderson Sisters are the FUNNIEST trio! It can be  slightly scary for little kids, but it's areal crack-up. It's a shame that  they never released the soundtrack. Beleive me, this is one movie every  home should have. I espcially like the end, where Thackery Binx is a human  ghost. And his sister is so sweet! Hocus Pocus is the all time greatest  Halloween movie ever!
B00004Y635|4.0|This is a must see for every scream fan out there and for every person who just loves a good horror/mystery movie.  I personally love all the scream  movies and the final conclusion was great.  If you thought the first two  were great you're going to love this one.  Starring Neve Cambell, this  movie is fulled with all types of action and of course many screams.  A  great movie and storyline, I hope you love it as much as I do.
B000002B7W|5.0|Okay, I'll be honest, I picked this up for seven bucks at Half-Price books (The original version, not the remaster).  But boy, was I blown away by  this album.  It showcases Randy's ability to the fullest, live.  A great  song selection (The entire Blizzard of Ozz- even Dee, some Sabbath  material, and some Diary of a Madman cuts.)  The only disappointing thing  about it was that there were only 2 songs from Diary, but that doesn't  really take much from this incredible record.  Randy really gets his groove  on during a breakdown in Suicide Solution, when the music stops and he  plays a minute-long solo, with incredible precision and not an error.  The  inclusion of Iron Man, Children of the Grave, and Paranoid help this one  immensely.  And the drum solo in Steal Away is very good.  This is an  awesome record, even if you're not an Ozzy fan.  If you're looking to get  into Ozzy, get this and the Ozzman Cometh.  You won't be disappointed.  I  guarantee it.
B0000024U8|4.0|It was Al Kooper's intention to showcase his friend Mike Bloomfield in the  guitar ace's best light, something Kooper claims to this day hadn't yet  been done on recordings. You could argue with him, based on the first two  Butterfield Blues Band albums. But there is no question that, on his side  of these proceedings (the original album featured Bloomfield on side one;  Stephen Stills on side two), Bloomfield shone brightly and then some in the  plan of the structured freewheeling jam. To paraphrase another critic about  another artist, you could say that Bloomfield continued to improve from  here, but you can't say that he got better - because it just doesn't GET  better than this, especially &quot;Really,&quot; the loveliest and most  soulful piece of guitar playing he ever yielded up. (Considering how he  shimmers on &quot;Albert's Shuffle&quot; and &quot;His Holy Modal  Majesty,&quot; that is saying something.) Kooper's argument probably  applies more accurately to Kooper himself - he was never before so locked  in to his partner, so pinpoint precise in his solos or exuberantly  connected as an accompanist. The real surprise, though, is drummer Eddie  Hoh, plucked from the Mamas and the Papas's road band but more than  passable as a soul-style blues drummer. The Stills/Kooper selections?  Pleasant enough if you get past the meandering &quot;Season of the  Witch&quot; (thus why I dock a star). But he's no Mike Bloomfield. Then  again, who IS?
B000002KDW|1.0|Unless you're a Rod Stewart completist, you can pretty much leave this one  be. Sloppy solipsism isn't exactly the way you give the Rolling Stones a  run for their money, especially when you've got nothing to say other than  what a kick you got out of crashing someone's party and then insulting them  for actually letting you get away with it. It took a few years, but no few  punk rockers pulled that one off with a lot more panache and a lot less  self-congratulation than the Faces were drowning in. (Ronnie Lane's lovely  &quot;Debris&quot; ultimately got a more sensible and sensitive treatment  on his own later works.) And WHERE was the producer to pull the plug on Ron  Wood while he was whacking out that caterwauling slide solo on &quot;That's  All You Need&quot; - Elmore James he ain't. If you're a Faces fan, stay  with &quot;Small Faces&quot; and &quot;Long Player&quot;. THOSE were minor  masterpieces of British drunk rock.
B00000I0XW|5.0|You could too!  With a voice like this, you could change everything and  move mountains as well.  Ms. Brightman's pure lyric crystal clear bel canto  soprano vocals grasp the heart strings and takes the listener to vistas of  delight.  &quot;All I ask of You&quot;, &quot;Macavity the Mystery  Cat&quot;, &quot;Chanson D'enfance&quot; and &quot;Amigos Para  Siempre&quot; with Jose Carreras are my favorites.  I'm not overly fond of  Andrew Lloyd Webber songs, but Ms Brightman is a refreshing, remarkable  artist, who could charm the birds from the trees.  Step into another  world.  Leave your cares behind for a few moments.  Listen to this  exquisite voice.  Hmmm!  Love changes everything.
6302794331|5.0|I grew up loving the Muppets, so perhaps all the happy childhood memories and hours of viewing pleasure that they gave me have caused me to be  extremely biased in their favour, but I say in all sincerity that this  endearing, enjoyable film is another triumph for Brian Henson and his  creative team as they utilise his late father's wonderful creation, those  lovable Muppets, in this wonderful movie retelling of Charles Dickens'  classic Christmas story.  Other film remakes of this story have been quite  frightening (at least to me) but given the Muppet touch, it emerges as a  merry, loving, winsome, and moral tale with a catchy musical score that  will illustrate the true meaning of Christmas to even the most ardest  Grinches around!  Michael Caine is the most believable Scrooge of them all,  and he is wonderfully supported by a cast of Muppet characters who help him  to realise that the lasting spirit of Christmas must be kept in the heart  all year around and not just during the festive season.  This is a movie  which can be enjoyed throughout the year and not just on Christmas Eve or  Christmas Day!  Parents, buy or rent this movie for your children.  I  guarantee that it will entertain you as much as it will them.
B000002N3N|5.0|I have been a fan of Enya's music ever since the release of her second  album Watermark and after listening to this particular offering, I can  safely say it is the most exquisite music I have ever heard.  The vocal  layering and music form an absolutely magical sound that is uniquely Enya's  own;  and in combination with Roma Ryan's poetic lyrics, this is definitely  a match made in musical heaven.  There are no misses here as every song can  stand on it's own merit.  If you enjoy Enya's music this is an absolute  must have for your collection.  She just keeps getting better....
B000002E5J|3.0|As a person who doesn't speak Spanish, I can never understand the DJ's on  the radio when they announce who sings the songs. So it took me quite a  while to figure out who sang 'Estoy Aqui'.<br />I like the CD. I'd like to  hear Shakira sing in Portuguese, to compare it to the Spanish. I think her  voice and style are vaguely similar to Alanis Morrisette, yet I think  Shakira deserves credit for developing an original style.<br />The song 'Estoy  Aqui' is very famliar to 'I'll Stand By You' by Chrissy Hines of the  Pretenders. I'm surprised more people haven't picked up on that.
068818071X|5.0|I have read Marian Keyes in the past, and found her to be very talented.   And, &quot;Rachel's Holiday&quot; is a real triumph.  I was struck by the  series top inside of a really great work of fiction.  <br />Rachel's long and  sometimes difficult journey into sobriety lends itself to a fascinating  backdrop in this book.  The people she meets, her family, and each element  of conflict build new layers into this big and wonderful book.  Keyes  certainly knows how to tell a great story and with characters you'll come  to know and love.  Her talent as a storyteller is something I can't wait to  explore in the future.  She has a real ability to tell a compelling story.   I highly recommend this book.  It's great!
B00003Q438|3.0|The Abyss has some truly spectacular scenes,but there is one badly written big scene that goes &quot;clunk&quot; and hurts the film.That scene is when  the woman drowns,cannot be revived and then suddenly comes back to life.Not  only that,but this women that has been dead is a short time later up and  walking around as if nothing happened.This resulted in the scene involving  the diver descending to the bomb getting snickers from the audience.It was  absurd that this woman that was dead can so soon be whispering sweet  nothings into the divers ear.And the spaceship goes to the surface and  causes ships to turn on their sides.What now?If it dives the ships will  sink! James Cameron should leave the writing to real writers.
B00000J6AG|5.0|This is a great release from Moby.  The songs are very moving and make you  think.
0060977493|3.0|Without rehashing the plot -- I am a bit shocked this book won The Booker  Prize.  It's a haunting and sad tale told in an almost too cute, sing  songy, back and forth in time way from the point of view of child -- but  told in third person.  It is a clever novel and does explore cultural  elements, but never really digs deeply enough in the pathos she explores.
6305428220|3.0|Imagine you're back in the 1950s and watching one of the many teenage horror flicks of that day.  You know the kind -- a monster comes to down  (always a small town), a small group of teenagers figure out what is  happening, but whenever they turn to the adult world for help, the monsters  have gotten there first and changed the adults into monsters.  Our teenage  heroes are scared and don't know what to do when they begin to suspect each  other of being a monster!  Yet if they don't rise above these impossible  odds and chase the monsters back into outer space, the monsters will take  over the town tomorrow and the next day they will take over the planet.   Okay, you're in the 1950s and watching these movies, and you wonder  &quot;What will these movies be like in the year 2000?&quot;  THE FACULTY  is your answer.  First, you'll find that the plot hasn't changed one iota.   Second, you'll notice how the teenagers themselves have changed from Archie  and Veronica goody-goodies into punk cocaine-sniffers who use language that  was simply not allowed and not heard in the 1950s.  Third, you'll notice  that the teenage heroes, underneath, have the same hearts of gold and the  same sense of social altruism that they had in the movies of the 1950s.   But the biggest change of all is the fourth one: the special effects.  In  the 50s, you could laugh at the seams that were showing when the monster  hunched forward, or the little toy-constructed towns that they stomped on.   But in THE FACULTY you see monsters that have been spawned from computer  animators, who wiggle and jerk and suck you up into their insect-like  mouths.  You see people turn into monsters before your very eyes.  (When we  first saw this in the old WOLF MAN movie of the 1940s, we were frightened;  now we see the same thing routinely in movies and on tv, and in fact, if  we're watching a horror flick, we simply expect someone's face when shown  in close-up to start to transform itself into the ugly  and menacing face  of a monster.) So, 40 years of Hollywood progress has brought us special  effects that are truly fantastic.  THE FACULTY uses the usual special  effects; nothing much new here, we've seen it all in the past few years.  But the special effects are used to good effect.  The screenplay isn't up  to the standard of the same writer's THE SCREAM, but it's better than his  two sequels of THE SCREAM.  Leonard Maltin says one thing that is  absolutely insightful: THE FACULTY is too long.  At 117 minutes, it drags.   But the drags are due to simply lingering on to a scene too long.  A  judicious cutting of a minute here, two minutes there, 30 seconds somewhere  else, and the movie could have made ten times the money it made.  I'd say  105 minutes would have done the job nicely.  The editor, perhaps prompted  by the director, simply tried to milk too much out of the scenes. They  should have hired the editor of MAGNOLIA and given him a free hand with THE  FACULTY.  Too bad--you spend so much money on a film, and then hurt it  badly in the editing room.  Bottom line: a quite enjoyable movie, better  seen at home on DVD than in a theatre because you don't want talkers in the  theatre to distract you while you watch this one.
0316777722|5.0|Very very funny ,i tell everyone to buy this book.
630587493X|5.0|Robin Williams shows his superior abilities as a serious actor with a comic twist. He successfully tempers his often outrageous outbursts of  humor to give Andrew the child-like (not child-ish) demeanor that not only  endeared him to &quot;Little Miss&quot; but, quite probably, to the  audience as well. This is not a movie that was necessarily best viewed on  the big screen; it is quite effective on the small screen as well. It's a  great look at what it really means to be human, and to love; not too  dissimilar to what Data aspires for in Star Trek: The Next Generation.  Andrew would make Data envious, since he (Andrew) attained what Data has  yet to. Not meant for small children, but teens and up will enjoy it.
B000002UB3|5.0|The Beatles had an impeccable sense of timing. Unlike most rock bands, the  Fab Four knew when to quit while still on top. \\"Abbey Road\\" (1969) marked the group's last album and it remains an appropriate finale.  Though it doesn't quite reach the artistic zenith of \\"Revolver\\" (1966), \\"Abbey Road\\" contains some of the Beatles' finest music:  \\"Come Together,\\" \\"Something,\\" \\"I Want You,\\"  \\"Here Comes the Sun,\\" \\"Because\\" and the remarkable  \\"pop symphony\\" that dominates the second half of the disc.  However, it's easy to see why \\"Maxwell's Silver Hammer\\" became,  in the words of John Lennon, the \\"song that broke up the Beatles.\\" Paul McCartney certainly could have come up with something better than this overproduced, annoying track. When you omit \\"Maxwell\\" on your CD player, \\"Abbey Road\\" emerges as an even stronger recording. This Beatles swansong may lack the landmark stature of  \\"Sgt. Pepper,\\" yet it remains a stronger album in terms of its polished production and largely superb compositions.
B00003CWN3|1.0|Although the movie had excellent performances, I was left with  a disturbing and depressing feeling.  I wanted to kill the killers!<br />I'd  prefer a more entertaining movie.
B00002MZ4W|5.0|Fiona matures and sheds some of her pianist roots for the musky, sexy sound of her phenomeonal sophmore album, &quot;When the pawn...&quot;.  &quot;Love Ridden&quot; and &quot;I know&quot; resemble the lullabye style  songs of  &quot;Never is a Promise&quot; and &quot;Sullen Girl&quot; from  &quot;Tidal&quot;, her first  album; yet while the lyrics still echo the  same passion as the last, she takes her music to another level; adding more  percussion to omit a album of sultry elegance and striking talent.  With  songs that directly speak to the angered, furied, but most importantly,  weathered heart; this album is truly amazing. A must-have for those that  have a taste for the blues, especially if you have ever found yourself less  than lucky in love.
B00004SVID|5.0|One word says it all - awesome. I listened over and over again. The  pictures and interviews with the artists really added to the experience. A  must buy for any true Floyd fan!
0393317552|5.0|This book sets out to answer the question: How did European people get such a big edge? What were the key differences between Eurasia and the rest  of the world that led to Europe having the wherewithal in 1492 to conquer  the Americas, instead of vice-versa.  The book makes a strong case for  geographic and biological environmental factors, and argues strongly  against factors involving presumed differences in the human 'races'.  The  geographic factors seem to be but common sence, (once Diamond has explained  them!) The biological environmental factors are more technical, and cannot  really be evaluated by the lay reader, but they are of such importance that  I would like to see more professional-level reviews.  Is North America as  poor in domesticable plant and animal species as Diamond says?  What do  other experts in the field say?<br />Basically, I'm with him. Part of the  motivation for writing this book is to put out, for public discussion and  edification, a strong theory to explain how Europeans/Asians &quot;got  ahead&quot;.  As Diamond points out, many of us think about this very  question, and many of us are stuck with unpalatable 'common sence' answers  along the lines of &quot;Native Americans (African, Aboriginal Australians)  are naturally primitive&quot; or &quot;The Cultures developed by non  Europeans are all fatally flawed (by warlikeness, laziness, conservatism,  communism, etc.)&quot;  I, myself, have wondered about this, and I am too  politically correct (which is now an insulting stereotype in-and-of itself)  to want to adopt, or even toy openly with any of these race-cultural  supremacist theories.  But the underlieing question is so important, we  MUST discuss it, and get this kind of thinking out into the light of day,  where it can be rigorously analysed and judged.  Diamond allows us to do  this by producing a thorough, well supported theory, covering almost every  aspect of this problem. He shows how it can be solved with out recourseto  the &quot;I guess those people are jest backward&quot; thinking.  Whether  all of the answers he suggests and supports will turn out to be the final  ones, is certainly open to debate.<br />The only drawback I would point out to  his book is that he does get a little repetitious.  Another serious round  of editing would have helped.  But perhaps repetition is not necessarily a  bad idea in driving some of his ideas home...<br />As for his reviewers...   One reviewer thought Diamond's position is that Whites represent the  pinnacle of modern society and that no one can usurp this distinction. This  is silly. Diamond is attempting to figure out what gave Whites/Europeans  their big edge in 1492.  That they had this edge is difficult to dispute.  He says nothing about whether they will keep it.  Most of his arguments  relate to cultures in isolations vs. those which are not.  Since none of us  are very isolated anymore (at least compared with the kinds of isolation  some peoples had in pre-European-exploration times), his work cannot be  said to make any projection about continued &quot;white&quot;  dominance.<br />Some reviewers complain his work is unoriginal.  I'm sure that  other experts in this field know that some of his theories and arguments  did not spring, unaided, from his mind alone.  I never had the impression  that he was attempting to make us think so, either.  He certainly cites  enough other references...  His great accomplishment is a clear, persuasive  synthesis of ideas that can be read and appreciated by the  non-expert.<br />One reviewed scoffed that Diamond is unduly wedded to the  idea that &quot;all men are created equal&quot;.  I didn't get that  impression from reading Diamond either.  He does suggest that all peoples  have their share of geniuses though, which I think would be difficult to  disprove.  <br />He is also thought to undervalue the importance of culture.  This is possible, but on the whole I disagree.  Diamond is talking about  very long time scales.  I think that when we are talking about thousands of  years, the physical constraints on the people are more important than any  voluntary cultural decisions they make.  As Diamond points out, any large  number of people will have some groups who are willing to try new things,  or who HAVE to try new things because they have been cut out of the best  real estate.  Over thousands of years, those who avail themselves of the  most successful possible food or technology will tend to automatically shut  out the others.  This may not be observable over a period of tens of years,  when cultural factors could easily conquer enlighted self-interest; maybe  cultural factors could even triumph over 100's of years. But I think  Diamond is more likely to be correct that over the time scale HE is  interested in, the boundary conditions (availability of plants, animals and  minerals) control the problem.<br />Another complaint is that he does not  adequately explain why the Fertile Crescent, with its big head start, or  China &quot;won&quot; the domination of Eurasia and hence the world.  I'd  say that the answer to this problem is not the purpose of Diamond's book.   The answers to this that question are more the province of conventional,  relatively modern history, in which transient cultural factors may prove  far more important than the &quot;initial conditions&quot; or  &quot;boundary conditions&quot;.  Reviewers who wanted to find the solution  to that problem clearly should have read another book, or perhaps be  writing their own.
6305176299|5.0|I enjoyed this movie! I find a lot of action movies to be dumb, but this one was smart! It had twists and was full of edge of your seat surprises!  Keanu Reeves, Dennis Hopper, and Sandra Bullock all were great at their  parts. (That's almost a stretch for Sandra Bullock). But here's a tip:  don't see the sequel right away, you will be dissapionted.
0767903854|5.0|I have just completed In a Sunburned Country and despite the advantage of  being a Yorkshire born, ex-pom, who spent 10 years in Aus and now live in  Wasington, DC I think it is the most accessible attempt at and probably  catches the real spirit of the country for a non native Australian in a way  that others have tried to and failed. Having read all the other Brysons and  laughed out loud at many I only had to suffer that public embarassment a  few times with this book, it is a more mature, and a more meaningful book  for it. It is the ideal introduction to read on that flight from LA to  Sydney.
6305807086|4.0|Maaan... This is one of the coolest films I've ever seen.<br />The idea of discovering  a portal or gateway into an actor' s inside is interesting and  , at the same time, risky ( at least for the project investors ) too.But  when such a project is in the good hands of Spike Jonze and Charlie' s, the  results are bizarrely entertaining and somehow  thought-provoking.<br />Synopsis: The miserable puppeteer / loser Craig  Schwartz, urged by his animal-loving wife Lotte, decides to find a job and  ends up working as a document filer for a company on a central business  district office building 7 and 1/2 th floor, which every time you get the  elavator opened, if it' s opened at all, alarms go off, where  floor-to-ceiling height is about  a little less or more 1.30 centimetres.  There, he finds himself have a huge crush on a well-dressed, shrewd and  cunning colleague Maxine who often treats him like a loser, and, above all,  also finds himself, by accident, a gateway to get into one of the  20th-century finest actors John Malkovich's inside for a big while.<br />One  of 1999' s glorious achievements in terms of creativity, direction,  screenplay, cast performances and scores, Being John Malkovich provokes a  string of philosophical and metaphysical ideas of existence and immortality  in such a bizarrely interesting way, and in a way, is one of the most  creative stories of 1999.<br />Spike Jonze, with this film, puts himself on  the centre stage where his future piece of work would be eagerly looked  forward to.<br />Interesting Questions: 1) If you were offered a chance to be  inside of someone else of your interests to observe his private and  professional activities from his very own eyes for 20 minutes or so , just  for fun, would you  pretend not to give a fig about others' relished value  of privacy and go for it? ; 2) If you were offered  a chance to be able to  \\" control \\" his mind, would you go for it ?; and 3) If getting into his  very own mind and / or bodymeans lingering on in this given world  for.....e-v-e-r, would you honestly do it ? A beat......... Now imagine your  answers are all put into real practice......yet by t-h-a-t particular  person...unto.....y-o-u ! <br />Highly recommended for any broad-minded  filmhead...... Enjoy-  Shin
B000002KIQ|5.0|Beautiful timepieces from the era of Bix Beiderbecke and Jelly Roll  Morton.  If this were Ry Cooder's only recording he would be legendary, but  fortunately for us, Ry spends his life discovering and sharing timeless  musical treasures.  One of Ry's most accessable excursions into realms  forgotten or obscure, Jazz' highlights are, 'Big Bad Bill', 'The Pearls/Tia  Juana', 'The Dream' with Earl 'Fatha' Hines on piano, 'Flashes', 'Shine',  and 'Nobody', not to slight the other fine tracks here.  A thoroughly  enjoyable album of Jazz Americana with a cast of peerless players.
6305718903|5.0|stigmata is a impressive film that really scares. it's about a demoniac possession... everyone surely remember the exorcist but i would like to say  that stigmata is even better! in fact the performance of the actors is  perfect but the best part of the movie are the special effects...did u see  the moment of the exorcism? good plot,original scenes,strong effects...  there are no boring moments and all could be surely true...nothing is  fantastic here! i think it is why i was so scared...........
B000000132|5.0|The first time I saw Renaissance, I had never even heard of them. But  their music was so dynamic ... Annie Haslam so intense, with a vocal range  that was captivating ... I have kept their music with me since.  LPs first  ... CDs now.  'Ashes' and 'Turn of The Cards' are classics.  'Mother  Russia' draws you right into the cold, itself ... 'Carpet of the Sun' will  let you soar ... 'Running Hard' will leave you breathless.  Both are  required listening for those who relish a contemporary sound that borders  on classical music.  Some 20 years later, they are STILL burning intensely!
B00003CXAE|5.0|Grease is STILL the word! You just can't resist the lively dance numbers and great acting! Also it launched the careers of John Travolta, Olivia  Newton John, and Stockard Channing. All the songs are usefull, and fit in  great! Just try to resist Summer Nights or You're The One That I Want (My  Favorite!). Tip: Also see Grease 2, and no, it's not a stinkbomb like some  may think.
B000031XCR|5.0|I've been a fan of Celine Dion since &quot;Beauty and the Beast.&quot;  As  always, the incomparable Ms. Dion delivers in a big way.  I'm partial to  &quot;I'm Your Angel&quot; and &quot;To Love You More,&quot; but this is a  CD in which there are no bad songs. She'll be missed during her  &quot;retirement.&quot;
B00001SIET|5.0|Why has nobody reviewed this album ? This is one of the best albums of the  last year. The immediate comparison is to Radiohead. Swirling guitar  melodies, great songs, great lyrics, irony, sadness, irritation. This album  has everything. The singer has a voice that is quite incredible. He can  sing every note, be it high or low, within a millisecond. Often he seems to  do it at the same time. On this album he sounds brilliant. Live, he is from  another world. These three lads rock. Showbiz, the title track is a  fantastic thrash guitar rock song, screamed at us perfectly. Unintended,  the song that follows it, is a desperate, pleading ballad. Listen to this  when you're feeling melancholy, it hits the spot ! The rest of the album  has it all, great verses, rocking choruses, I cannot highlight how good  this album is. I can't remember a debut as good as this. Everyone in  England is talking about these lads and there's lots of reasons why. They  are doing the festival rounds at the moment but, if you get the chance, see  them in a small hall. The sound and,that voice, are quite awe inspiring. If  you don't have this album- hesitate no longer.
B00000ILDF|1.0|What was the director of this movie thinking!  There is only one word that i can describe this movie with.  CRAP  Plain and simple this movie sucks.   Most of the great charactors from Aliens are killed of in the first 30  seconds of the movie.  Ok well some people might be able to handle that.   Then the film is bogged down by bad effects, stupid charactors, and dialog  that wanted to make me puke.  If that wern't bad enough the same face  hugger manages to implant Ripley and a dog before dying off.  I thought the  face huggers only layed one egg before dying.  Hmmmmmm...  If you want to  see some really great sci-fi movies rent Alien and Aliens.  Even Alien  Ressurection is better than this sloppy excuse for a movie.  AVOID AT ALL  COSTS!
B00004TWZF|3.0|Well, I've read the other reviews and I find myself most decidedly in the minority.  The movie is good, but it's not great.  On the other hand,  neither is it terrible.  My first experience with The Big Blue was the  American version, cut shorter and with Bill Conti's score in place of Eric  Serra's.  The Director's Cut (D.C.) is both longer and darker.<br />Okay, I'll  say it.  I like the American version better.  Period.  It was, perhaps, my  all-time favorite movie.  But things have since gone downhill.  Eric  Serra's music is good, don't get me wrong, but I don't feel that it has the  emotional impact of Conti's.  Yes, we're talking about something very  subjective here.  If the D.C. is your first experience with this film, then  you'll be lucky enough to enjoy it without having to compare and contrast.   However, for me, something was missing in this new release.  I found many  of the extra scenes superfluous to both the story and the character arcs.   For example, there's an added humorous scene midway through the film that  exists, supposedly, to show that Enzo likes to take chances and flex his  masculinity.  I agree; the scene depicts just that.  But there are plenty  of other scenes that do the same thing; this one is redundant.  (On a side  note, the endings of each version are virtually identical -- don't let  someone tell you otherwise.  Ultimately, this movie is about a man's  struggle to choose between Humanity and Nature, and that message remains  unchanged from one version to the next.)<br />Regarding the scoring, there are  points in the D.C. where a given scene just didn't work for me with Serra's  music (sometimes Besson chose no music at all, and the silence that falls  over the action is absolutely stifling).  I don't believe that Serra's  score did the movie justice.  Conti was able to capture the flavor of the  film much more easily, yet without being disrespectful to Besson's message.   At best, Serra hit the mark only five times out of ten.<br />To be fair, I  can't honestly say that my take on the D.C. is based solely on its own  merits, as I saw the American version first.  I'd suggest that you watch  both and decide for yourself.  Of course, it might prove difficult to find  the older one these days (outside of rental stores, that is).<br />In short, I  was disappointed that they didn't come out with a DVD that had both the  American and Director's versions.  I realize that'd be more expensive, but  it would've been a nice touch (and I'd have paid extra for it).  I'm glad I  saw the D.C., but I'd much rather own on DVD the American version and I  regret that I now think less of the movie than I had previously.  I would  have given it two and a half stars, but it wasn't bad enough to warrant a  solid two, considering how much I loved the American version; despite its  flaws, this is still a pretty cool movie.
B000003TAR|5.0|i really liked this cd. some people think that this music is depressing, well, maybe for them it is, but it's the excact opposite for me. they sing  about things that mean something, and that make me want to dance and stuff.  nevermind isn't even their best album, for some people who think it is.  this is one of their best.heart shaped box, rape me, and all apologies are  my favorites
B00004THAY|5.0|Love this cd!  The best of BB and the best of Eric Clapton.  More like  this please!
0553212737|5.0|Maybe it was the way Jane Austen drew the reader into the story, or  possibly the twists and turns of the plot, but whatever it was to add the  extra flavor it worked.  The book demonstrates a perspective on love that  can only be seen through the eyes of a person who involves themselves as a  whole in the book.  It has a way of making it an impossible task to put it  down.  This story stands the tests of time and will surely work it's way  into the hearts of millions more.  As Jane Austen said,&quot;imagination is  everything&quot;.
B00004TRD8|5.0|Most of what I can say about this movie was already said. This film is one of the favorites films of many people I know, and I'm sure almost anyone  reading this review has seen it at least once.<br />  To those who  haven't,you better find time to see it.When you want non-stop action and  excitement you sit and watch this movie. This is one of your best  options,ain't no doubt. Myself,I've seen it maybe a dozen times,and still  I'm excited every time all the way.<br />  I rememeber the time the film was  released ,back in 1991. Seeing it on the wide screen was a major experience  for me,which I carried in my mind for quite a long time. I'd recommend this  DVD version to anybody who wishes to get the feeling of a cinema with a  film that was made, and best viewed on the wide screen.
0060987464|5.0|Marilyn Manson's autobiography was the most interesting book I have ever  read. And that says a lot coming from me. There was not one part even  partly boring enough to put this book down. I am on my third time reading  it right now. Everytime there is stuff I didn't notice the time before.  Whether you love him or hate him.. whether you like the book or hate it..  you will not regret reading it. This book is a sheer masterpiece!
B00004T9UH|5.0|I think that this CD rocks!  Eminem has caught everyone's attention.  The  lyrics are amazing.  However I would not let my little sister listen to it.   It can sometimes be a little strong on words, but is,in every sense of the  word, GREAT!
0684847817|5.0|I'm a long time fan of Terri Windling's books and Brian Froud's art.  This  is the perfect combination of the two.  Ms. Windling is quite knowledgeable  in the areas of folklore and fairy tales, so I was eager to read what she  had to say.  And Brian Froud's artwork is simply incredible.  I can stare  at these pictures for hours and still find new details in the background.   This book is simply lovely, a beautiful addition to any library.
B00000J7J4|4.0|Santana has really been topping the charts with this new  release,&quot;Supernatural,&quot; but he is not really at his best here.   The only track I really despise on this album is &quot;Maria, Maria.&quot;   This is really the only boy-band type track on the album (thank god.)   &quot;Smooth&quot; sounded pretty good the first few times through, but it  just got kind of old after a while.  The three songs which really stand out  are, &quot;De La Yaleo,&quot; &quot;Put Your Lights On,&quot; and  &quot;Migra.&quot;  The rest (besides &quot;Maria, Maria) are just  mediocre.  You would expect Santana and Dave Matthews (one of the artists  on the album, and one of my personal favorite musicians) to really blast  off together, but I was not very impressed with the result.  I would  reccomend either buying this CD on sale, or used.
630575067X|2.0|If you were like me, you thought this film would equal the Second Coming. However, the movie is a huge disapointment. Granted, the special effects  and ship and creature designs are excellent, but there are just too many  things wrong with the film. Can you explain to me how every single  character can act as bad as they did? The young Vader couldn't act out of a  paper bag, Jar Jar Binks is the most annoying character in the entire Star  Wars universe, and Ben Kenobi tried too hard to live up to his name. Its  too bad that Darth Maul didn't have a bigger role. His fight scenes were  amazing, but we knew next to nothing about him. Maybe Lucas will take note  and try a little harder on Episode II. This movie proved that he is not the  absolute genius that some people think he is. How will he screw up next?  Stay tuned!
B000002UJQ|5.0|Well, since there are a plethora of reviews on this album, I dont feel  like boring anyone. All I want to say is... This album is truly great and  it is only second to My Bloody Valentine in my list of top albums of the  90s. I know 'Kid A' is coming out on 3rd of October. Having heard that he  has absorbed much from Aphex and DJ Shadow, I am excited yet I know deep  inside that I am going to be dissapointed. I know there is nothing else  they can do to beat 'OK Computer', really! This is an album which matches  its commercial accessibility with its artistic achievement(Yeah, you dont  have to remind me. I know they dont care about the sales of their  album.)Ok, there still is, well I know it's fat hope but I still gotta say,  a possiblity that 'Kid A' can be just as good as 'OK Comp', they will  surely be the greatest band that ever lived. OK, just check out my review  when this album comes out,OK?
0783223218|5.0|Of course this film will never live up to the original (excuse my lack of content the opening sentence, but i've never seen the original). It's  already been deemed a masterpiece, and any remake or semi-remake to me  isn't SUPPOSE to be as good as the prodocesser. It's a common fact of life,  and one that will be taken very seroisly for my review of 1997's &quot;The  Jackal&quot;. Even though my knowledge of the first movie, &quot;The Day of  The Jackal&quot; is limited, I know for a fact that their both VERY  entertaining thrillers. Micheal Caton-Jones, to me, is a God at directing,  and can be proven with the first few shots of the beginning...an artistic  (and rather brutal) depiction of the downfall of Russia, aand then leading  up to the deep humble voices singing comes the start of a Massive Attack  song, which to this day I wish I knew the name of. Overall, the start gives  a much needed &quot;Bringer-Upper&quot; for the rest of the films violent  and relatively gory action scenes...this mood was, of course, intented by  my Fellow Director. The film itself is pretty obscure character  whise...Bruce Willis plays a very good villian (something that should be  taken into consideration to thos Die Hard fans). Willis can act, and is a  VERY talented actor. This also brings up Sidney Poietr, whos name I just  spelt incorrectly. I don't know much about him, but he sure can act. Along  with Gere's awesome Irish accent (very well done, Richard!) and Willis'  menacing expression (which he upholds throught the entire movie). If you  are a movie fan PERIOD, you must see this film!
B00004TJTQ|5.0|Wow, what a movie; I laughed, I cried.  How can you go wrong with a good boy and a dog story.  Not to mention that Frankie Muniz is major league  good looking.
0805062971|5.0|Salinger laid the stone,  Palahniuk built the wall.
B00000IJPU|3.0|This is certainly worth the money for people who are new to maiden, others  should certainly buy the &quot;Virus&quot; single. There are the bands most  popular songs, &quot;Number of the Beast&quot;, &quot;Fear of the  Dark&quot; ( live - just amazing ) , &quot;Run to the Hills&quot; and so  on. No Wonder, the Tracklist was made by Fans via Internet. It's kinda  strange that Paul Di Anno isn't featured here, maybe most people associate  Maiden still with only the mighty Bruce as a singer. Really sad, cause  &quot;Iron Maiden&quot; and &quot;Killers&quot; where some of the Best  albums Maiden ever released. This part of their History is somehow missing,  there could be more tracks with Blaze also. I think the Seventh son Album  should be represented with &quot;Moonchild&quot; or &quot;Only the good die  young&quot;, the rather dull &quot;Can I play with Madness&quot; isn't my  cup of tea. In the case of Iron Maiden, a 2-Disc Best of would really make  some sense. I also think that the collection doesn't flow as good as the  &quot;real&quot; Albums do, but that's a general problem with Best of  Affairs. Here it sounds like Maiden did nothing but heavy to progressive  tunes, but where are the great ballads such as &quot;Children of the  Dammed&quot;, &quot;Prodigal Sun&quot;, &quot;No Prayer for the Dying&quot;  or &quot;Strange World&quot;? I think if you really want to discover what  Maiden is about you should have the full albums. If you are starting  listening to them, this CD is o.k., also good for people who are having a  party in the forest and don't want to take 10 discs with them ( that's why  I bought it ).
0425173755|5.0|This book is, easily, my favorite secular book. I love Hercule Poiret, and  Agatha Christie really had him jumping around in this book! Not only were  there brilliant characters and situations, but the solution was  unpredictable, wonderful to read, desireable, made sense in the end, and  was so good you just had to read it 2, 3, 4 more times! This is a must read  for ANY Agatha Christie fan!
B00000BKE1|5.0|No Matter what people say, for me this is Maiden's Best album, even Number of the Beast isn't as great as this one is. You might think that I got a  serious drug problem, but no kiddin :  I like it more than any other Maiden  Album out there. As I remember, this was the first Metal CD I listened to (  at the tender age of 11 ) and as soon as I heard &quot;Be quik or be  dead&quot; my Fate was choosen. I wouldn't be one of those guys that  listens to whatever is in the charts and I would be growing my Hair from  that time on. So don't expect any opjective points of views, this is the  Album that was part in making me what I am today, so this will remain in my  favorite-album-top-ten of all Time. Who says that Seventh Son was better?  It was a bore compared to this! I really don't see what is wrong with  &quot;Wasting Love&quot; or &quot;Weekend Warrior&quot;. They are more in  the vain of Albums like &quot;Killers&quot; or &quot;Powerslave&quot; than  any &quot;Somewhere in Time&quot; or &quot;Seventh Son&quot; songs. This is  a must have for any Maiden fan, the consequence of the also great &quot;No  Prayer for the Dying&quot;. Uninspired? No Way! Maiden explode from Energy  and Songwriting-Greatness on this Album. Buy it, and you will by all the  other albums from Maiden!
0316286869|5.0|I have long admired Kevyn Aucoin for what he can do with celebrities. When  I saw that he'd written a book, I bought it. It was wonderful! Not only  does he give quite useful tips, but if you want a new look, he's only  happier to help you! Night on the town? Go to &quot;The Vamp&quot;. Want to  look like Marilyn Monroe? Go to &quot;The Bombshell&quot;. A dewy, babyish  look? &quot;The Innocent&quot;. You want to see the ultimate  transformation? Check out the photo that looks like Katherine Hepburn- then  look who it really is. Kevyn is a makeup genius- and it shows in this book!
B00000J7RZ|4.0|The beauteous Jennifer Lopez broke into showbiz as a dancer on TV's In Living Color and established herself as an actress in Selena and Out of  Sight. Now the Bronx-born Puerto Rican sex symbol has added pop singer to  her already impressive rsum. With a little help from hit-maker friends  like producer Emilio Estefan Jr. and salsa singer Marc Anthony, On the 6  (the title refers to a New York City subway line) offers a seamless blend  of hip hop, pop, soul, dance and Latin genres. Though her voice is a bit  thin, Lopez has definite flair and musicality. Her talent, combined with  the CD's taut, energetic sound, makes On the 6 a ride worth taking.
B000002UAO|5.0|...namely, &quot;It's Only Love&quot; and &quot;I've Just Seen a  Face&quot; -- two of my all-time favorite Beatles songs.  Great to listen  to and sing your own variations of, they're NOT on the U.K. version and so  not on CD.  I got around this problem by buying the U.S. vinyl and am  listening to it now...the Beatles have always been in my life and always  will be.
B000002WYT|5.0|Under the Table and Dreaming was an excellent album, but I think Dave  Matthews really shines on Crash.  My favorites are So Much to Say, Two  Step, and Drive In Drive Out, although there aren't really any weak links.   The instrumentation is excellent, although Dave's acoustic guitar and  Carter Beauford's drumming particularly stand out (listen to the amazing  drumming on Drive In Drive Out).  The production/mixing of this CD is also  very good; all the instruments sound extremely crisp.  And there is almost  70 minutes of music, so you get a lot of bang for your buck.  My only  complaint about this album is that it doesn't end on a bang:  Tripping  Billies might have made a better closer than Proudest Monkey, which seems  more like an afterthought.  But depiste that, this is definitely in my list  of the top five albums of the 90s.
B00004SCX6|5.0|Britney sure got some good writers and producers for this CD. The album is mostly fast paced songs, and the slow songs are very good. Where are You  Now showcases how Britney can sing amazingly when she isn't doing lots of  dance moves. And the faced pace songs are what Britney is all about:  catchy, dancable, and awesome. Britney put a lot of work into this, and it  shows. I'm a huge Britney fan, and all my friends are. If you like rap and  hip-hop... you won't care for this, but what would you be doing here in the  first place? If you like pop music, this will never leave your CD player.  And that's all I have to say about that!
0875845851|5.0|This book takes the radical position that great companies can fail precisely because they do everything right. It demonstrates why outstanding  companies lose their market leadership when confronted with disruptive  technology-and it explains how to avoid a similar fate. Drawing on insights  from a number of industries-such as the computer and disk drive industries,  discount retailing, minimills, pharmaceuticals, and the automobile  industry-Christensen shows why good management often turns out to be all  wrong-and what to do about it.
006092988X|5.0|ATGIB is the kind of book that you can sit down with and finish reading  the whole thing feeling different about your life. I felt this way when I  first read it: for me, I had to read it for school and thought when I first  picked it up that it was a long book and what possible plot took up such a  long book? Since then my life's changed because of Francie. I, unknowingly,  acted like Francie each time I read this as a young girl: I managed to sit  out somewhere where I could face my whole life (the neighborhood really)  with a bag of something to eat with me. Sitting usually up in a tree with  the copy, a bag of pennystick pretzels or popcorn, and a nice breeze once  or twice, I fell in love with Francie, Neeley, Katie, Sissy, and all the  rest. I could hear Francie telling me about her life in Williamsburg, NY  and how she loved her father so much. I saw Sissy, the wild Sissy, doing  all kinds of things imaginable. I smelled Katie cooking dinner and touched  the library books that Francie treasured. I tasted the candy that Francie  and Neeley bought. It changed my life.
B000002JS6|5.0|....would it be as big as it was in 1980? of course it would!  as a matter of fact, if anyone put out anything close to this it would turn the  music world upside down! most kids do not like rock music anymore, and it's  no wonder....korn? limp biskit? even metallica are all lame contrived bands  that are so carefully packaged that they wouldn't even know where to begin  to write great songs like &quot;shoot to thrill&quot; or &quot;have a drink  on me&quot;! this whole album is one big party in the same spirit of  &quot;highway to hell&quot; and all the early ac/dc albums!ac/dc is a band  that understands people who work hard all week and on friday night just  want to go out and blow off steam by drinking, picking up chicks, and  having a few laughs. back in black is the perfect soundtrack for that!  shame on you if you don't already have it!
0385486804|5.0|Some may say this is a sad story and for some this is true.  I differ, for  Alex (Chris McCandless) lived more in in two years than many do in 20.   This is as close to true freedom as one can get.  <br />Into The Wild is the  most readable book I've ever picked up.  Krakauer is an excellent  journalist.  The story begins as a mystery.  Why did Chris McCandless  abandon every worldly asset in he owned to live a nomadic and bohemian  lifestyle?  How did he wind up dead in the Alaskan woods?  Krakauer draws  from detective like interviews and his own experience to put the puzzle  together.<br />There is no doubt in my mind that no amount of money can buy  McCandless' experiences in those years of adventure before he died.   Everyone will die.  McCandless' life up to that point will fascinate me for  years to come.  I thank John Krakauer for putting in print.
B00000JJCZ|5.0|We know rest is essential without it would be like trying to live without  eating. SANTANA'S rest proves he is still the best. The bi lingual mixture  of songs along with the tantalizing, lyrics, and the invigorating, music  from all who joined to make this production non stop listening pleasure.  ALL of the cut's are SENSATIONAL.
015650300X|5.0|Le Petit Prince is a great story for adults and kids alike.  Kids can read this book and see it as only a story about a little boy from another planet  who wants to find somone who understands him.  Adults can read this book  and see deeper meanings to what is happening.  If you dig into the story  you find things in this book dealing with issues we have to face. It's a  great book and I would recommend it to any of my friends but I would have  to tell them to get the English version.  I would prefer to read the French  version.
B000001FAS|5.0|How does one introduce an album one has had to replace twice before  finally getting it on CD? Byu admitting that it provided a constant  accompaniment to his life for more than two decades, that he remembers  hearing the echoes of \\"Blue Sky\\" wafting into the rafters at his wedding  reception in an expansive old mansion beloinging to a friend's parents, or  that he felt more at home when listening to it on a Sony Walkman in strange  motel rooms all over the country when traveling on business?  It seems to  be a permanent part of my life, like Sgt Pepper or Bookends. This is the  album released at the apex of their rise to fame and fortune, a studio  album completed after lead singer and slide guitar magician Duane Allman  died in a motorcycle accident.  This is s spellbindingly good collection of  an under appreciated band at their very best. You will find most of the  songs included here on their various \\"best of the Allman Brothers\\"  collections, and for good reason. Whether it is for the matchless \\"Blue  Sky', or for the blockbuster sound of \\"Ain't Wasting Time No More\\", this is  an album so terrific, you will play it again and again. I especially like  their guitar instrumentals. Gregg Allman and Dicky Betts perform absolutely  magically here, and it is all captured for your endless amusement and  entertainment. Enjoy!
B0000027F3|5.0|The leather-clad ones return with new drummer Scott Travis, who adds a  much-needed new fire to the band with his manic, unrelenting double bass  drumming and rapid fire fills. With this album, Priest showed the speed  metal bands (well, except maybe Slayer, who are the absolute speed metal  masters) how it's SUPPOSED to be done. Great songs, awesome riffs, insane  drums, and Halford screaming over it all with his billion octave voice. Too  bad this was his last with the band, as it is certainly one of their best.
B000002KBU|5.0|No one made more impact on the sixties folk-rock scene with her deeply  personal songs than Joni Mitchell. Certainly this album galvanized our  collective consciousness by quite deliberately turning away from what had  been her previous primarily social orientation toward the community by here  concentrating on her own mercurial nature and torrid romantic adventures in  an outrageously autobiographical tour of the state of her psyche over a  lover's season or two. Of course, no one as observant and perceptive as  Mitchell can help but make shrewd side remarks at the inanity of social  circumstance or political happenstance along the way, and we laugh along  while accompanying her on this soulful journey through the risky,  crater-filled landscape of romantic combat in the early seventies.<br />From  the opening disclaimer of \\"All I Want\\" to the disarming \\"My Old Man\\", she  sustains our musical interest with clever lyrics and memorable melodies. I  especially like \\"Little Green\\", an evocative and haunting recollection of  one of her alter egos, an irresponsible floater who evades all  responsibility but still fails to escape her own negative self-judgments.  There is a lot of self-confession here, and one almost needs a scorecard to  keep the famous faces in mind. \\"Carey\\" is supposedly a clever catch-name  for one-time lover James Taylor, and \\"My Old Man\\" was a remarkably  indecisive Graham Nash, strung out between the polar pulls of an endlessly  seductive Mitchell on one side and his wife on the other. Ah the rumors of  love and war... \\"Blue\\" is a sad love song to herself and the tough time for  lovers in the social chaos of the sixties' aftermath.<br />All bets are off  for Ms. Mitchell by the time she sings \\"California\\", a bittersweet  expatriate's cry for the familair insanity of home, and already she's  waxing lonely as her lover's plane wheels leave terra firma in \\"This Flight  Tonight\\", reminding us that sometimes she thinks \\"love is just mystical\\".  Indeed.  I find myself humming \\"River\\" sometimes; it's a pensive look back  at another love lost and the prospect of another lonely Christmas without  him.  In her own creative way, Joni was the inspiration for a whole  generation of iconoclastic feminists then and now, trying to find a  sensible and meaningful way to deal with all those \\"love `em and leave `em\\"  men and sometimes give them some of their own medicine. This is a classic  album by one of the most captivating, surprising, and articulate talents in  modern music. You will find yourself listening to it and shaking your head  knowingly as you recognize her wisdom as she sings her way outta the blues.  Enjoy.I find myself humming \\"River\\" sometimes; it's a pensive look back  at another love lost and the prospect of another lonely Christmas without  him.  In her own creative way, Joni was the inspiration for a whole  generation of iconoclastic feminists then and now, trying to find a  sensible and meaningful way to deal with all those \\"love `em and leave `em\\"  men and sometimes give them some of their own medicine. This is a classic  album by one of the most captivating, surprising, and articulate talents in  modern music. You will find yourself listening to it and shaking your head  knowingly as you recognize her wisdom as she sings her way outta the blues.  Enjoy.
B000000H57|5.0|This CD is Type O Negative at their most accessible and also at their  best. I have enjoyed all of TON's albums, but none more than October Rust.  It is the kind of album that demands your full attention - you just end up  missing out if you have it on as background music. Right from the start  with &quot;Love You to Death&quot; you can tell that this one is going to  be something special. Other standout cuts include the captivating  &quot;Green Man&quot;, &quot;Die with You&quot;, &quot;Burnt Flowers  Fallen&quot;, and &quot;Wolf Moon&quot; to name but a few. Peter Steele's  baritone has never sounded better than on this album. It's a long album  with long songs that sound better and better with each listen. If you are  reading this review and don't own it - well, you should.
B0000024UX|5.0|While I don't share the breathless and hyperbolized estimation of Paul  Simon as the \\"greatest lyricist of the last fifty years\\" like another  reviewer (who evidently has never listened to the unbelievable poetry of  Bob Dylan, Donovan, Leonard Cohen, or Harry Chapin, etc. Simon is an  accomplished poet, yes, but just one of so many brilliant lyricists  emanating from the sixties), I do agree that this blockbuster album that  marked the highpoint of their collaboration showcases why they achieved  such fame and popularity. Here they continue with the same innovative  strands first initiated with albums like \\"Parsley Sage\\" etc. where they  interspersed a newscaster's rendition of the nightly news with Garfunkel's  almost angelic counterpoint of \\"Silent Night\\".  The effect is devastating  and dramatic. Here they also use traditional Incan melodies, race-car sound  effects, and wider use of the kind of orchestral instrumentation they first  employed on \\"Sounds of Silence\\", where they first used an electric guitar  as a driving force behind their otherwise pristinely acoustic arrangement.<br />Yet there is great \\"sturm und drang\\" here; the two could hardly inhabit  the same studio, for the creative genius both brought to their  collaboration was literally tearing the duo's long-standing personal  friendship apart.  Garfunkel at first refused to sing the lead in \\"Bridge  Over Troubled Water\\", for he felt it was so uniquely Simon's work and so  clearly headed for a huge hit that Paul should sing the lead.  Only the  intervention of their long-time producer made Art change his mind and agree  to sing the lead. One can also feel the tension on the most brilliantly  executed song here, \\"The Boxer', as well, although this is so well packaged  and delivered that it seems more part of the internal structure of the song  and its arrangement than the result of the vocal strains between them.  Simon was headed in other directions with his work, and there are  indications of it with songs like \\"Cecilia\\", which is an almost Bob  Dylan-like play on words and circumstances than an effort at poetic  workmanship.<br />Likewise, in \\"Only Living Boy In New York\\", Simon vocalizes  his sense of dismay and frustration as being left by Garfunkel (who was  working on the movie \\"Catch 22\\" in Mexico) to work out the problems on the  album alone. He urges \\"Tom\\" (Art) on, and wishes him well, but resents  being left behind at the same time. He retorts that \\"he can gather all the  news he needs from the weather report\\", another hint he is about to retreat  into a life of more personal experiences and less concern for the world at  large. In the same vein, \\"Keeping The Customer Satisfied\\" is meant  ironically, Simon's way of announcing that, like the Beatles, he is finally  sick of trying to meet popular expectations, and that he is about to quit  the chase and pursue his own interests, which of course he soon did,  leading to the release of the quirky but beautiful \\"Paul Simon album\\" a few  years later. This is a farewell album that didn't announce itself as such,  and was such an overwhelming success that it took years for everyone to  realize Simon was serious about going solo. It is a brilliant last effort  by a fabled pair of exceptional pop folk singers, and this album belongs on  everyone's favorite music list. Enjoy!with songs like \\"Cecilia\\", which is an almost Bob  Dylan-like play on words and circumstances than an effort at poetic  workmanship. <br />Likewise, in \\"Only Living Boy In New York\\", Simon vocalizes  his sense of dismay and frustration as being left by Garfunkel (who was  working on the movie \\"Catch 22\\" in Mexico) to work out the problems on the  album alone. He urges \\"Tom\\" (Art) on, and wishes him well, but resents  being left behind at the same time. He retorts that \\"he can gather all the  news he needs from the weather report\\", another hint he is about to retreat  into a life of more personal experiences and less concern for the world at  large. In the same vein, \\"Keeping The Customer Satisfied\\" is meant  ironically, Simon's way of announcing that, like the Beatles, he is finally  sick of trying to meet popular expectations, and that he is about to quit  the chase and pursue his own interests, which of course he soon did,  leading to the release of the quirky but beautiful \\"Paul Simon album\\" a few  years later. This is a farewell album that didn't announce itself as such,  and was such an overwhelming success that it took years for everyone to  realize Simon was serious about going solo. It is a brilliant last effort  by a fabled pair of exceptional pop folk singers, and this album belongs on  everyone's favorite music list. Enjoy!
6305265488|5.0|In this wonderful example of the classic story of &quot;Cinderella,&quot; Drew Barrymore and Dougray Scott lead you to a world of courage, adventure,  and love. Young, bold, and sweet Danielle (Barrymore) intrigues, convicts,  and captures the heart of Henry (Scott). Henry, also the prince of France,  has finally found his match and is unaware of Danielle's true identity.  Playing the stepmother, the distinguished actress Anjelica Huston, gives  her audience an unforgettable performance as always. Drew Barrymore's  performance in this picture is pure enchantment, while Dougray Scott  quietly captivates you with his ease and charm. <br />&quot;Ever After&quot;  swept my heart away; portraying the dream of every girl's heart. Its simple  beauty will continue to enthrall the hearts of many.  This movie no longer  remains a fairy tale but a magnificent reality that gives you the hope that  love conquers all. &quot;Ever After&quot; is a classic for all ages!
B0000024SN|5.0|...Of course this is dated, kids; it was recorded in the mid  1960s, and several of the tracks were quickly re-recorded and re-dubbed in  an effort to get something quickly out to the public to take advantage of  the surprising smash success of the single \\"Sounds Of Silence\\", which the  producers had dragged back into the sound mixers studio and re-cut with an  electric guitar track overlaid on the locals while Simon and Garfunkel were  touring in Britain with Donovan.<br />In essence, a listener should  understand that this album was originally cut to showcase a new and  innovative classical folk duo singing terrific harmonies and clear crisp  acoustic guitars on mostly original folk music written by Simon himself.  This is evident if one listens to the pristine unedited tracks like  \\"Flowers Never Bend With The Rainfall\\", \\"Kathy's Song\\", \\"April Come She  Will\\", or \\"A Most Peculiar Man\\". This is a terrific early snapshot of  genius in the rise, and should be treated as such. Calling it sophomoric is  like denying Dylan's brilliance in straight folk music before he went  electric. Duh! To expect more of Simon at that point is to misunderstand  when this was recorded, and to neglect just how dynamic and brilliant his  rapid evolution to a position of prominence alongside the new voices of  Dylan, Donovan, and Joan Baez really was.<br />This is an important and  seminal album, one that clearly demonstrates the talents and artistry of a  poetic powerhouse on the rise, and it should be appreciated for what it is  rather than trying to form-fit it into some revised formulaic idea of what  it should have been by people too young and ignorant of the rapidly  evolving folk scene in the sixties to understand what they are criticizing.  Take an old folkie's word for it; this is a great first album, and I highly  recommend it. Enjoy.
076780421X|4.0|Do opposites attract? Apparently, it does. But is the relationship easy? Not according to this film. This film questions cultural differences. Alex  Whitman (Matthew Perry) is a white nightclub designer from New York City.  He is committed to his job and takes no prisoners. Isabel Fuentes (Salma  Hayek) is a Mexican photographer from Las Vegas. She loves the desert and  is passionate about certain things. Alex is not very close to his family,  whereas Isabel has dinner with her entire family (and I do mean her entire  family) on Sundays. After a one-night stand, Isabel reappears in Alex's  life and announces that she's pregnant. Frantic, Alex and Isabel decide to  get married. After having experienced cultural and attitude clashes, Isabel  and Alex fall in love. The events are sort of reversed. They engage in  sexual activity, marry, have a baby, and fall in love. I love the comedy  and romance in the film, and I also love the chemistry between Hayek and  Perry. I highly recommend it.
B000002KDO|5.0|Of the 3 Sabbath albums I have bought, `Master Of Reality' is probably my  favourite ( . . . although it is given a good run for its money courtesy of  `Sabbath Bloody Sabbath'). The album opens with the quite uplifting `Sweet  Leaf'. This, along with `Children Of The Grave', are usually regarded as  the 2 main standout tracks on this album, but `Sweet Leaf' would only stand  at about No. 4 or 5 on my list, if I were to my favourites. It's still a  great song. I never said it wasn't. `After Forever' is a typical-sounding  Sabbath tune, which boasts a not-so-typical Sabbath set of lyrics. Ozzy  howls, `God is the only way to love'. `Embryo', if only 30 seconds long, is  a great Medieval-sounding guitar piece. This comes courtesy of Tony Iommi,  of course. This may very well have been intended as an intro to `Children  Of The Grave', though, as the 2 were usually played in concession at  concerts. `Children Of The Grave'? What can I say? It's a metal classic.  Period. The second instrumental on the album comes in the form of `Orchid',  a beautiful piece in its own right. Iommi shows how he is just as capable  on acoustic guitar as he is on electric. `Lord Of This World' is another  one of the heavier tracks on the album. Ozzy and Geezer really shine  through on this one. `Solitude' is a wonderfully dark, but beautiful  ballad, even if it does depress the hell out of you. But I guess that's  what Sabbath are really about, right? `Into The Void' is a big fat metallic  romp, which currently stands as my all-time favourite Sabbath song. Iommi  snaps up an utterly astounding main riff, and Ozzy sounds cooler than any  other vocalist I've ever heard. Classic. I would recommend this album to  anyone who wants to get started on Black Sabbath, even though most other  people will probably recommend `Paranoid'. That's an excellent album too,  by the way. \\"Finished with my woman, cos she couldn't help me with my mind  . . .\\" Sabbath rule!
0679777547|4.0|With high marks in reviews in The New Yorker, The New York Times, and the  Atlantic Monthly, this murder mystery is a magnificent &quot;intellectual's  'beach' novel&quot;.  Translated from Spanish, the story is generally about  the trials of a somewhat shady book 'detective', Lucas Corso, whose  specialty is in first edition, rare edition, and out of print rare books.  This being a somewhat more competitive and unethical industry than one  might think, the mystery draws the reader in be cleverly weaving a series  of literary puzzles and clues.  The thread of Dumas' famous novel,  &quot;The Three Musketeers&quot;, as well as the study of demonology trace  Corso's search for the motive and the murderer of a wealthy bibliophile.  The end is a good surprise, and I am looking forward to the next novel by  this crafty Spaniard.
B000006TRV|4.0|i was wary of buying this album,because i have not been much of a pink  floyd fan before. i'm more guns n' roses, aerosmith, that type. but just  two days ago i finally broke down and bought it because i've been hearing  from one of my best friends how wonderful and perfect it is. and he was  right. it's a little wierd when you first listen to it if you've never  heard it before, but it is pure musical genius.i finally sat down and  listened to disc two(disc one fell out of my car and broke; so i'm online  buying it AGAIN because i HAVE to have all of it, and i'm finally having a  better understanding of it. it's incredible. as my friend adam said, it  will draw you in. and it did.
B000009EAD|5.0|IF YOU ARE FAMILIAR WITH ICED EARTH ALREADY WHEN YOU PICK THIS ALBUM UP  YOU WILL HEAR HOW FAR ICED EARTH HAS PROGRESSED LYRICALLY AND MUSICALLY  SINCE THIER FIRST FEW ALBUMS.  THIS ALBUM IS GREATL FROM START TO FINISH  AND I CANT GET ENOUGH OF IT.  IT IS VERY TECHNICAL AND EMOTIONAL.  THERE  ARE A FEW BALLADS, IF YOU CONSIDER AN EMOTIONAL SLOWER POWER METAL SONG A  BALLAD. GREAT LYRICS ON &quot;WATHCING OVER ME&quot; A SONG ABOUT THE DEATH  OF A LOVE ONE.  THE CD ENDS WITH THE GRIPPING POWER METAL &quot;SOMETHING  WICKED TRILLOGY&quot;.  THIS WILL SURELY BE CONSIDERED A METAL CLASSIC. A  PERFECT 10!!
B00003CWTI|4.0|Sure, there's a music video stuck in the middle of it, and yeah, it's pretentious.  But PT Anderson creates engaging scenes and dialogue (watch  Henry Gibson at the bar) and pulls you all over the place.  Guess what?   It's a fun ride.<br />It's possible to be a fan of Altman and enjoy this  movie.  In fact, go watch Short Cuts or Nashville right after watching  this.<br />It's also not for everyone.  It's dark and it meanders and be  advised that it's profane.  That's what the R rating means.  Watch it, then  go check out Hard Eight and Boogie Nights and watch for the same camera  tricks PT Anderson has been using since his first film.  Coffee anyone?
B0000025YL|5.0|I completely agree with &quot;voidmans&quot; assessment of this CD - hard  to add to this very hit-the-nail-on-the-head review.<br />I have been an  Accept fan since their first release, and they put a fresh,  aggressive-yet-melodic and 'stand up for yourself' power approach to metal.   'Restless' was their best release, as they combined some blistering fast  songs with great 'standard' party-metal and clever ballads.  This stuff was  considered somewhat underground when it came out, as the metal on the  airwaves was either airbrushed or hackneyed.  Udo's voice and the twin  guitar attack was their trademark (similar to the JP attack), however they  were different enough from the rest to demand attention.  <br />This CD still  sounds fresh after nearly 20 years - a worthy addition to most any  collection!
B00000IL1K|5.0|Like the title suggest, listening to this album is a small piece of  paradise. This mix of styles in incredible with such tracks like Eden, Il  Mio Cuore Va, Only an Ocean Away, and others. This CD will fit into almost  any mood an occassion for background music, music to sleep to (which I do  quite frequently), or to simply relax and let the sounds take you in.
B000000XB9|5.0|CCR was a CLASSIC band of the 60's-70's.  I had all their 45's (showing my  age now!) when they came out, and they had a SOUND like no one else. They  successfully combined the country sound with rock and blues, and it is  refreshing to see that some bands over the years have kept at it - Dave  Matthews, Train, Hootie - however no band has had the gusto of CCR.  <br />I  hear these songs today, and they sound as good as they did back when they  were released.  Now that is what I would call true CLASSIC ROCK!  For those  new to CCR, this is a great starting point - go to Chronicles V2 if you  can't get enough (like I did - well, actually, I wanted to replace all my  CCR albums, and these 2 did it for me).  HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!!!
6304080921|4.0|This is one of the most intense visual experiences of the '90's, with Gilliam fusing medieval and futuristic imagery to form a frightening vision  of all time merged into one terrifying present.  This is one of Willis'  best performances, one that should be well noted before some critic  dismisses him yet again as just another action-movie hero.  Willis  practically bleeds humanity as the unwilling prophet of doom.  He captures  that rarest quality, one that most actors can't do--humility.  David Morse  is quietly chilling as the angel of death.  If the film has one flaw, it's  the lack of comedy that infuses most Gilliam films.  As I get older, I need  a little humor to accompany my apocalyptic despair.  This one *will* give  you nightmares.
B000002UDG|3.0|This is an adequate collection, but it is a missed opportunity to include  some lesser known songs or songs that are not already on WINGS GREATEST.   Ten of the songs found on this collection can already be found on WINGS  GREATEST, so it is redundant.  I wish it would include songs like  &quot;Maybe I'm Amazed (Live), &quot;Venus And Mars/Rock Show&quot;,  &quot;Every Night&quot;, &quot;Back Seat Of My Car&quot;, &quot;Sally  G&quot;, &quot;Here Today&quot; (just to name a few).  Interestingly, my  two favorite songs on WINGS GREATEST are missing (&quot;Hi Hi Hi&quot; and  &quot;Mull of Kintyre&quot;).  What I do like about this collection,  however, is it has three songs that I have not been able to find anywhere  else (&quot;Coming Up(Live)&quot;, &quot;Goodnight Tonight&quot;, and  &quot;C Moon&quot;).  Not bad, but a missed opportunity for rarities,  lesser hits, B sides, and songs not already found on WINGS GREATEST.
0517201658|5.0|The Thorn Birds, written by Colleen McCullough, in my opinion is the  greatest romance novel of all time.  The character of Meggie Cleary is my  favorite character in all of literature.  Her strength, beauty, passion and  love makes her a timeless heroine. Meggie and Father Ralph share a love  story that spans many years and many heartbreaks.  Even though they are not  together, the book always has a undercurrent where  you can feel their  longing and endless love for each other, even though they are not together.  In their hearts, they will be together forever.Meggie and Ralph are the  Romeo and Juliet of the Australian outback- just as tortured and tragic.   The  miniseries was also fabulous--Richard Chamberlain and Rachel Ward make  me speechless every time I see it. It is spectacular. Read The Thorn Birds  and watch the series, if you are lucky enough to have the chance.  You will  never be the same--it's not just a book or a movie, it's an experience.   Thank you Colleen McCullough, for such a wonderful story.
B00003CWL6|5.0|I have not seen the DVD, so this refers only to the movie.  Simply simply simply one of the best movies I have ever ever ever ever ever seen...  you'll get your long reviews and such right below mine, but you don't need  them.  This movie is great, and is right up on my list with Magnolia, Roger  &amp; Me, etc... and I'm sick of people talking about how Spacey's  character (Lester Burnham) is a little perverted... or how the ending  didn't &quot;make sense&quot;... you have to be dense not to understand the  ending.  I don't need everything spelled out for me, and the finale of this  movie is more than clear.  ONE OF THE TOP TEN OF ALL TIME!
B000002P2W|3.0|If you started, as I did, listening to The Who with &quot;Tommy&quot; and  &quot;Quadrophenia&quot; or with their 60's hits, this record will  dissapoint you a little. It lacks for the most part the energy and insight  that characterized the band at earlier stages.<br />The only songs I would  recommend are &quot;Slip kid&quot;, &quot;Dreaming from the waist&quot;,  &quot;Success story&quot;, and &quot;In a hand or a face&quot;; maybe  &quot;Squeeze box&quot;.
B00004U5SC|5.0|I am amazed at the picture quality of this dvd which looks very clean and clear considering its age of nearly 50 years. I am glad owning it on dvd.  This is one of my most favorite movies of all-time.
B000009QPO|5.0|Oh, those Jayhawks...wearing their influences on their collective sleeve!  <br />This is folk rock at its best. The Neil Young influence is obvious, but  these guys take their craft to a whole new level. I envy those of you who  haven't heard it yet (I wasn't this pleasantly surprised by an album since  I listened to Neil Young's &quot;Freedom&quot; after a decade of creative  misfires..but I digress); you're in for a treat.<br />If you have a yearning  for great melodies, phenomenal songwriting, and a touch of edginess to your  folk rock, then by all means, turn off your computer and go buy this album  NOW! If not, then turn on your radio and catch the latest Boy Band epic.  <br />I know you'll make the right choice ;-)
B000002B82|5.0|This album has been a big part of my life.<br />It all started when I was  like 5, I saw the &quot;Road to Nowhere&quot; video. It was probably the  first song that I really knew and loved. Still a great song, it accompanies  other greats like &quot;Mr. Tinkertrain&quot;, &quot;I don't wanna change  the world&quot;, and &quot;No More Tears&quot;. Zakk Wylde is a god on  guitar, and the rest of the band just makes this album immense. I love it,  and think it ranks up there with &quot;Blizzard of OZZ&quot;.<br />two words.  BUY IT.
0316777722|3.0|I have become acquainted with David Sedaris through his commentaries on  NPR and various magazine pieces.  This book is a collection of many of  those, with some really laugh-provoking spots.  Nutcracker.com is a treat  (minus the last 4 paragraphs), as well as laugh out loud pieces The  Learning Curve, City of Angels, and Giant Dreams, Midget Abilities.  There  are also wry , introspective, even touching pieces such as The City of  Lights in the Darkand genetic Engineering.  Sometimes, you get the feeling  Sedfaris is indulging in writing along the same lines as he indulged art  (Twelve Moments in the Life of the Artist). I cannot find serious fault  with anyone else who is enamored with One Life to Live ( I only wish I  could have taken his writing class) and who remembers the Vicki fainting at  her class reunion story line.
0380973464|4.0|Even though I think this book's reach exceeds its grasp, I still couldn't put it down and I give it four stars anyway. I've never been a rabid SF fan  but I intend to check out Stephenson's earlier works and eagerly anticipate  the projected &quot;sequals&quot; (if that's what they're intended to be.)  <br />Now for the shortcomings. <br />This book has been described as a worthy  successor to Pynchon's Gravity's Rainbow (albeit more readable). Not quite.  No one, not even Pynchon's subsequent works, can compete with that massive  opus. It stands alone, but clearly Stephenson has been influenced by it, as  well as Pynchon's first novel, V. Both author's have deftly replaced  humanistic metaphors for scientific one--Stephenson draws numerous  parallels between the efforts to conceal information in noise, and the  consequent need to extract meaningful information from same, and the normal  everyday quest for meaning in a seemingly random existence; Pynchon uses  the arc of the rocket to illuminate the issues of free will and choice  within a deterministic world succumbing to entropy. Both authors seem to  view plot structure as simply a framework upon which to drape the topics  that really concern them. Both authors (though Stephenson not so  explicitly) are fascinated by Western civilization colliding with primitive  tropical cultures. And one can even see a direct imitation in Stephenson's  juxtaposing of two generations in different historical moments to tell  essentially one story--this is, of course, the fundamental structure of V.  And both authors leave you hanging. In Pynchon's case, this becomes his  primary statement--quests are never complete, our search for  meaning will  never be satisfied empirically. Stephenson, one suspects, simply postpones  resolutions for a future volume.<br />The difference is one of depth and  degree. Stephenson has given us neither the scope of Pynchon's thematic  vision, nor a story line  that pulls us along like, say, an Ellmore  Leonard, a Lawrence Block, even a Tom Clancy--writers who skate across a  surface of action and dialogue, with little thought given to underlying  themes. We want something more, and, I suspect, Stephenson does as well.  <br />It's a fun book, the science elements are presented clearly and in a way  that makes them meaningful and relevant, and you want very much to find out  what's going to happen. My only point is, it's been done before. If you  want to see how a master handles these themes, read Pynchon.
B000007U4U|5.0|'Hatfield and the North' and its follow-up 'Rotter's Club' are both  absolutely essential '70s Fusion music.  Fusion is one of the most unjustly  criticized and neglected forms of music in the past 30 years mainly because  the musicians can actually play their instruments! If you like early Return  to Forever (Light as a Feather), early Pink Floyd, mid period King Crimson  (Lark's Tongues in Aspic), Bill Bruford's 'One of a Kind,' mid-period Joni  Mitchell or Crosby, Stills and Nash, you'll probably enjoy this record,  simply because it's a mixture of all of them and unlike any of them.  'Hatfield and the North' are truly unsung heroes. Dave Stewart is the most  brilliant keyboardist of all time--harmonically complex and understated to  perfection.
0198534469|4.0|This book attracted my interest mainly because of its geometry content,  and sustained it with its informal approach .  More than the Complex  Analysis that I learnt, and which is peripheral to my main interest, I  learnt a lot about Geometric approach to solving many mathematics problems.   <br />Good, insightful expositions of relationship between Geometry and  Complex Arithmetic, Mobius Transformations, and Vector Fields. <br />The  mathematics content is at about the level of freshman undergraduate and the  book is fairly easy &quot;read&quot;.  In fact, you don't &quot;read&quot;  this book; you work throgh it by drawing pictures after pictures to  understand the logic.<br />This is a good preparation for physics graduate  students before  first courses in Electrodynamics, Mechanics, and  Relativity.  In addition, those interested in Geometry, Graphics,  Visualization will also appreciate the book.
0393316041|5.0|Richard Feynman, winner of the Nobel prize in physics and member of the  Los Alamos team that built The Bomb, shares what it's like to live life at  Level 3 in this hilarious and touching autobiographical collection of  anecdotes. I laughed out loud a dozen times while reading this short book,  which covers everything from how he fooled people into thinking he was even  smarter than he really was to how he learned to pick up Las Vegas  showgirls. One of my favorite books ever. <br />--Richard Brodie, author,  Virus of the Mind: The New Science of the Meme
B00004S6GL|5.0|I'd never started crying just by listening to a song in my life. Until i  heard You're Just Somebody Yhat I Used To Know... Everyone who's ever been  hurt and experienced the pain of being heartbroken should have this album  in their cd-collection! It certainly helped me!!!
B00001U0GQ|5.0|This movie is one of the most compelling movies I seen, period. The soundtrack in incredible, sets the tone for the entire movie. The backdrops  (of NC) are awesome. It's really a love story that men will enjoy due to  the action and storyline. Very good acting -- not one cast member is  miscast or out of place. I believe it is even better the second time viewed  in order to take in all the visual and emotional drama of this Michael Mann  film (a real genius!). This movie should be owned by people who love great  action/drama movies, IMO.
158234082X|4.0|Having spent 7 years in a nightclub kitchen, I really enjoyed this book.  The people that are attracted to food service bring a great sense of the  visceral with them to work.  There are no closets in restaurant  kitchens...it's refreshing to be able to be yourself in such a creative  atmosphere. I thought the author captured the environment beautifully.
0156907399|3.0|Virginia Woolf makes all the lesbians scream. This is the perfect book for  you if you're a rabid feminist tree-sitter. Screams a plenty.
B00004T40X|5.0|I picked up an Ecliptica cd at a used cd place for $4 just because I thought the cover loooked cool. I had never heard of Sonata Arctica, but I  was already a screaming fan of Scand/Euro Metal after such groups as GaMMa  RaY, Stratovarius, and Nightwish. I threw it into my cd player on my way  home, not expecting anything. And by the time the wailing guitars and  *ferocious* keyboards had silenced on Blank File, I was asking myself:  &quot;HOW CAN ANYONE TRADE IN THIS CD! &quot; Four simple  words:<br />Sonata Arctica *IS* God<br />I have never been so damn impressed by a  debut metal album. The amount of talent these five contain can not even be  measured by exisitng technology, it's astronomical. I hear people compare  them as being &quot;almost as good a Stratovarius&quot; ....no offense  Strato, but these guys deserve more credit than that. They are right up  there with the Metal Gods, and it only took them one album to make that  journey.<br />Come on people, it's $35.99, and that is absolutely no where  close to the value this cd is worth. So you yourself a favorite and chuck  it into your Shopping Cart with a &quot;woo-hoo! &quot;. You have just  purchased the greatest Power Metal epic in mankind.<br />(Also, check out  Successor: S^A haven't let up an inch! )
B000025ADH|2.0|If you already own the Roses' first album and &quot;Turns Into Stone&quot; or &quot;The Complete Stone Roses&quot; THERE IS NO REASON TO BUY THIS CD.  Yes, the Stone Roses remain one of my favorite bands. I have even forgiven  them for &quot;Second Coming&quot;, but I've had it with the endless  reissues of their material. <br />The inclusion of a video clips and few  choice B-side is OK. &quot;Fools' Gold&quot; is there too, if you're not  already sick of it, but you can get these songs elsewhere and for cheaper.  Let's face it - the Roses were a spotty live band at best, and certainly  are not the most articulate musicians around. <br />An extensive interview  with John Leckie, a 20 bit re-master, or a more extensive box set treatment  (a la the Beach Boys' &quot;Pet Sounds&quot;) might make this worth the  price of admission, but clearly the people who own the rights to this  material are too greedy and lazy to create a package with real appeal to  fans. <br />Basically, this package is far to expensive for newbies, and  doesn't offer longtime fans enough incentive to spend even *more* hard  earned money. Besides, it's not as if the band is going to see a dime of it  anyway.
B000001GKC|5.0|This was the last CD made by Karajan before his death and it was a most  noble and sublime way to finish.  It sounds better than his earlier  performance with the Berlin Philharmonic on EMI and I am yet to hear  another performance by another conductor that comes close to capturing all  that Bruckner puts into this work.  Karajan has the structure and balance  just right,  as well as the tempo.  The Vienna Philharmonic has never  sounded so rich and sumptuous in their playing;  the general tempo allows  for the clear articulation of every note,  and those who appreciate the  strings will not be sorry:  this is just the symphony for them.
6302378648|4.0|This film is simply excellent. Re making an already excellent film is difficult but Martin Scorsese improves on the Gregory Peck/ Robert Mitchum  original. De Niro is both scary and at the same time hilarious as villian  Max Cady and Nick Nolte adds a darker edge to Gregory Pecks original  performance. A film everyone (of legal age of course) should see and a must  for De Niro fans.
B000020617|3.0|I am not sure what I thought of the Foo Fighters before purchasing this CD. I heard a few songs, most of them are featured in the album above, but I could not decide if this is really a band I am going to like.<br />I bought the CD approx. a week ago, and have been listening to it non-stop since. Songs that will stick in your head are probably \\"Ain't it the Life\\" or \\"M.I.A\\". Songs that you'll want to hit play on many times would be \\"Learn to Fly\\", \\"Aurora\\" and \\"Live in Skin\\". The rest of the songs will just keep your head moving to the beat.<br />I recommend this album to anyone who likes the style, they're good at what they do.
0446677450|5.0|The most amazing thing I've learned from Robert's first book is  &quot;Money is just an idea.&quot;<br />It sent chills down my spine. It's all  about understanding the rules of money that we have created ourselves, and  to play around with that. The rich simply know the rules to their own  advantage...
B00000J7RZ|2.0|Jennifer Lopez should stick to the acting. This girl can not sing a beat.  Sometimes she makes a half-hearted attempt to sound good, but usually not.  The 3 singles are pretty good, but nothing really spectacular. The best  song on here is &quot;No Me Ames&quot;, the duet with Marc Anthony. Marc  has the most singing in the song, but his tremendous voice sort of inspires  Jennifer to turn in a good performance. The only other good song on the CD  is &quot;Promise Me You'll Try&quot;, a soft ballad that is pretty good. If  she wants to act, let her. But she really needs to cut out the singing. If  you want real music, try Britney, Marc Anthony, or Mandy Moore. They surely  will not disappoint.
6304240554|2.0|Well, I think that Dawn Of The Dead is really disappointing. First a very very bad story which contains NOTHING. You see, from the beginning to the end there aren't any real events. First four people go to a mall to guard  themselves from bloodthirsty zombies .................... <br />But the really disappointing thing is HORROR  because I didn't see anything to scare of. Yes, it contains the gruesome  killing and eating scenes. But violence not the only thing needed to make a  good horror movie. The make up is really bad. The zombies and the blood  look obviously fake. And there is a very important point I want to say and  this point makes me laugh while seeing Dawn of the Dead, not frightened.  How can anybody play, laugh and looks happy while fighting dead people,  zombies, something you have never seen in your live?  This is very bad  point in this movie. Do you know why?  Because you can't get scared if you  watched people surrounded by zombies and they don't look scared. <br />Just  one more thing to say, Dawn of the Dead may please someone who likes  classic horror movies. But for modern horror film fans, It's extremely  ridiculous!
0767819594|5.0|Hey!~ This was a really great movie! The chemistry between Witherspoon and Phillippe is electric! Gellar's role in this extrondainary film is  exceptional and promising. Gellar plays Kathrine, a mysterious but harmful  woman who takes pride in destroying other peoples lives. Phillippe is a  gorgeous womanizer who finds true love in Annette (Witherspoon) Watch it  and have tissues ready!
B00000I1OZ|5.0|The story of a young woman (Marisa Tomei) who travels all the way to Italy to search for her soulmate even though she is getting married in days. All  the performers are great especially Bonnie Hunt. I hope she wins some  awards someday. Beautiful scenery of Italy is wonderfully captured in this  great looking DVD. Nothing happening in the 5.1 surround sound but again  this is not &quot;Die Hard&quot; kind of movies. Get this, you won't be  sorry.
0375707972|4.0|Granted, the book really did not make you think or dig deep for a meaning,  however, it was a joy to read.  It gives gives you a glipse of the life of  a 15 year old boy who discovers a new chapter of life that is carried with  him through his life.  The first part was wonderfully written and full of  emotion.  The second part however, lacked the sensitivity and emotion of  the first part.  The ending, I believe, is fitting to the novel.  Surely a  one-day read.
B000021XS0|5.0|This is definately the best Dream Theater album yet(and thats saying A  LOT!)They prove that album covers CAN be art,lyrics CAN be poetry,and music  CAN be more than 3 simple chords.The story line is amazing although a  little confusing.I'm not completely sure about it so I won't ruin it for  you here. The 4th song on the CD,although only a minute long,is the most  beautiful thing i have ever heard captured on a CD.&quot;Beyond This  Life&quot; simply ROCKS.Such a cool guitar riff!&quot;through Her  Eyes&quot; is mesmerizing.The highlight of the Cd goes to &quot;The Spirit  Carries On&quot;.It is just beyond belief.The guitars and especially  james's vocals.They just soar above anything else they have ever done.The  ending of the CD is incredible as well.It's hard to explain but it leaves  it open so you have to look for the answers on your own.Allow your  imagination to roam free.This was the 1st DT album I bought and it won't be  the last!
B00000JCOV|1.0|I HATE THIS I HATE THIS I HATE THIS I HATE THIS I HATE THIS I HATE THIS I  HATE THIS I HATE THIS I HATEI HATE THIS I HATE THIS I HATE THIS  THIS I  HATE THIS I HATE THIS I HATE THIS I HATE THIS I HATE THIS I HATE THIS I  HATE THIS II HATE THIS I HATE THIS I HATE THIS  HATE THIS I HATE THIS I  HATE THIS I HATE THIS I HATE THIS I HATE THIS I HATE THIS II HATE THIS I  HATE THIS I HATE THIS  HATE THIS I HATE THIS I HATE THIS I HATE THIS I HATE  THIS I HATE THIS I HATE THIS I HATE THIS I HATE THIS I HATEI HATE THIS I  HATE THIS I HATE THIS  THIS I HATE THIS I HATE THIS I HATE THIS I HATE THIS  I HATE THIS I HATE THIS I HATE THIS II HATE THIS I HATE THIS I HATE THIS   HATE THIS I HATE THIS I HATE THIS I HATE THIS I HATE THIS I HATE THIS I  HATE THIS II HATE THIS I HATE THIS I HATE THIS  HATE THIS I HATE THIS I  HATE THIS I HATE THIS I HATE THIS I HATE THIS I HATE THIS I HATE THIS I  HATE THIS I HATEI HATE THIS I HATE THIS I HATE THIS  THIS I HATE THIS I  HATE THIS I HATE THIS I HATE THIS I HATE THIS I HATE THIS I HATE THIS II  HATE THIS I HATE THIS I HATE THIS  HATE THIS I HATE THIS I HATE THIS I HATE  THIS I HATE THIS I HATE THIS I HATE THIS II HATE THIS I HATE THIS I HATE  THIS  HATE THIS I HATE THIS I HATE THIS I HATE THIS I HATE THIS I HATE THIS  I HATE THIS I HATE THIS I HATE THIS I HATEI HATE THIS I HATE THIS I HATE  THIS  THIS I HATE THIS I HATE THIS I HATE THIS I HATE THIS I HATE THIS I  HATE THIS I HATE THIS II HATE THIS I HATE THIS I HATE THIS  HATE THIS I  HATE THIS I HATE THIS I HATE THIS I HATE THIS I HATE THIS I HATE THIS II  HATE THIS I HATE THIS I HATE THIS  HATE THISI HATE THIS I HATE THIS I HATE  THIS I HATE THIS I HATE THIS I HATE THIS I HATE THIS I HATE THIS I HATEI  HATE THIS I HATE THIS I HATE THIS  THIS I HATE THIS I HATE THIS I HATE THIS  I HATE THIS I HATE THIS I HATE THIS I HATE THIS II HATE THIS I HATE THIS I  HATE THIS  HATE THIS I HATE THIS I HATE THIS I HATE THIS I HATE THIS I HATE  THIS I HATE THIS II HATE THIS I HATE THIS I HATE THIS  HATETHIS  I HATE  THIS I HATE THIS I HATE THIS I HATE THIS I HATE THIS I HATE THIS I HATE  THIS I HATE THIS I HATEI HATE THIS I HATE THIS I HATE THIS  THIS I HATE  THIS I HATE THIS I HATE THIS I HATE THIS I HATE THIS I HATE THIS I HATE  THIS II HATE THIS I HATE THIS I HATE THIS  HATE THIS I HATE THIS I HATE  THIS I HATE THIS I HATE THIS I HATE THIS I HATE THIS II HATE THIS I HATE  THIS I HATE THIS  HATE THIS I HATE THIS I HATE THIS I HATE THIS I HATE THIS  I HATE THIS I HATE THIS I HATE THIS I HATE THIS I HATEI HATE THIS I HATE  THIS I HATE THIS  THIS I HATE THIS I HATE THIS I HATE THIS I HATE THIS I  HATE THIS I HATE THIS I HATE THIS II HATE THIS I HATE THIS I HATE THIS   HATE THIS I HATE THIS I HATE THIS I HATE THIS I HATE THIS I HATE THIS I  HATE THIS II HATE THIS I HATE THIS I HATE THIS  HATE THIS I HATE THIS I  HATE THIS I HATE THIS I HATE THIS I HATE THIS I HATE THIS I HATE THIS I  HATE THIS I HATEI HATE THIS I HATE THIS I HATE THIS  THIS I HATE THIS I  HATE THIS I HATE THIS I HATE THIS I HATE THIS I HATE THIS I HATE THIS II  HATE THIS I HATE THIS I HATE THIS  HATE THIS I HATE THIS I HATE THIS I HATE  THIS I HATE THIS I HATE THIS I HATE THIS II HATE THIS I HATE THIS I HATE  THIS  HATE THIS I HATE THIS I HATE THIS I HATE THIS I HATE THIS I HATE THIS  I HATE THIS I HATE THIS I HATE THIS I HATEI HATE THIS I HATE THIS I HATE  THIS  THIS I HATE THIS I HATE THIS I HATE THIS I HATE THIS I HATE THIS I  HATE THIS I HATE THIS II HATE THIS I HATE THIS I HATE THIS  HATE THIS I  HATE THIS I HATE THIS I HATE THIS I HATE THIS I HATE THIS I HATE THIS II  HATE THIS I HATE THIS I HATE THIS  HATE THIS I HATE THIS I HATE THIS I HATE  THIS I HATE THIS I HATE THIS I HATE THIS I HATE THIS I HATE THIS I HATEI  HATE THIS I HATE THIS I HATE THIS  THIS I HATE THIS I HATE THIS I HATE THIS  I HATE THIS I HATE THIS I HATE THIS I HATE THIS II HATE THIS I HATE THIS I  HATE THIS  HATE THIS I HATE THIS I HATE THIS I HATE THIS I HATE THIS I HATE  THIS I HATE THIS II HATE THIS I HATE THIS I HATE THIS  HATE THIS I HATE  THIS I HATE THIS I HATE THIS I HATE THIS I HATE THIS I HATE THIS I HATE  THIS I HATE THIS I HATEI HATE THIS I HATE THIS I HATE THIS  THIS I HATE  THIS I HATE THIS I HATE THIS I HATE THIS I HATE THIS I HATE THIS I HATE  THIS II HATE THIS I HATE THIS I HATE THIS  HATE THIS I HATE THIS I HATE  THIS I HATE THIS I HATE THIS I HATE THIS I HATE THIS II HATE THIS I HATE  THIS I HATE THIS  HATE THIS<br />YOU SHOULD HATE IT TOO !!!!
B00003CXCS|5.0|Simply my most favorite movie of all time.  This movie captures the heart and soul of a person like none ever before or since.  Every emotion that  can be exhibited in an individual is touched in this movie.  I've seen it  many, many times and each time it gets better and better.  I have  preordered the DVD version and can't wait to view it in that format.  All I  need to do now is purchase a DVD player.
B00004STPT|5.0|That's all I have to say!  Nothing else is neccesary, because this CD can  speak very eloquently for itself.  If you buy it, you'll enjoy it.
B000002BSV|5.0|How can anyone possibly go wrong when buying this album? Brett comes up  with great lyrics in the songs while Richard does amazing guitar work to go  along with the songs. Neil is fantastic on the keyboards and the rest of  the band utilize their creative genius in such a way that can not be  copied.
B0000214F0|3.0|Vague memories of this film brought great surprise when watching this Uncut DVD edition. This movie is crude and tough to swallow in its graphic  nature. It really depicts a very decadent time in history in a very  realistic manner, which makes it all the harder to watch without ultimate  disgust in some scenes. I must give credit to the film and filmakers for  having the courage to show that moment in history in all its nastiness.  There are some excellently filmed and directed erotic scenes which really  show what kind of films the porn industry could probably do with the right  budget.<br />The movie can be slow and painful but it is well acted (McDowell  and O'Toole really do a great job) and the crude reality of the time is a  good lesson for us not to repeat the past. <br />In conclusion, I cannot  recommend this movie as it is not for everyone (Definitely a 21+ film). My  opinion is that you should perhaps rent this DVD if possible before  purchase.
0375501851|5.0|This has to be one of the most intelligent, creative books I have read all  year!  Although I did at times have problems with its irreverance, it was  interesting to observe a group like HT being brought to the forefront of  popular British culture(or should that be KEVIN - the militant Islamic  group? - thinly veiled by the added confusion of their Nation-of-Islam  inspired bow ties).  For me, the book's attraction lies in its ability to  depict contemporary London Society pretty much as it is - I have not come  across any other literature that manages adequately to grapple with the  vast cultural mix that is London.  The book is unique because it manages to  do that without giving you the impression of an outsider looking in.  It's  hilarious but sympathetic at the same time.  Although it does seem a bit  slow moving at times, and one wonders if all the themes in the book are  taken to any kind of conclusion, the plot is the work of a genius. This is  a very clever book.  Hard to believe that it was written by a 22 year old.   What an achievement!  I am so jealous....
B000002WYT|5.0|I am a huge DMB fan, so this review may be a little biased.  However, of  all the DMB albums, I definately think this one is the best.  It has a nice  mix of slower songs, such as my favorite, &quot;I Let You Down&quot;, and  the more upbeat sound of &quot;Tripping Billies&quot;.  And none of Dave's  harsh, almost scary songs are included on this album.  The songs just flow  together.  The band chose a great combination of tunes to put together.  I  was never a fan for instrumental jazz songs, but Dave and the boys pull it  off nicely.  There's actually quite a long session of the band just jamming  to the music.  You can feel the passion in these songs.  There is not a  single song to be skipped on this CD.  And if you ever get the chance, go  see Dave Matthew's Band live.  That is an experience not to be missed.
B000002KH3|5.0|EDDIE VAN HALEN!!!!!!!!!  I recommend this to everybody, especially if  you're into playing guitar.  Listen to Eruption!  Don't you wish you could  play that???  Great vocals, also.
0385484518|2.0|This is a really nice story about a guy who is clearly very nice and just being around Morrie makes everyone else even nicer, including the reader.  But it just isn't a good book. Every quote from Morrie is straight from one  of those books of inspirational quotations, one after another.<br />I also  have to wonder about the effect on Mitch Albom after spending this time  with Morrie. He seems to be working as much as ever, just adding this book  and movie to his plate.<br />I don't want to criticize Morrie or his effect on  people. But this book isn't worth $21.
B00000099Y|5.0|This is my favorite album by Tool.  It features some of the best guitar  riffs ever written, dirty but intelligent lyrics, and fat, chunky bass  lines.  Maynard James Keenen, the lead singer, has an incredible voice.  I  especially like his singing in &quot;Stinkfist&quot;, in which he makes  cool vocal melodies.  If you're into melodic metal, you should check this  out.
630407185X|5.0|To understand the film, you need to read the right book to understand the battle: Arnhem 1944 : Operation 'Market Garden' (Campaign, No 24)by Stephen Badsey, David G. Chandler (Editor).<br />Once you have a grip on reality,  which was that &quot;Arnhem&quot; was not a &quot;failure&quot;---when you  realize that war is not a game of &quot;win&quot; and  &quot;lose&quot;---you will begin to appreciate this movie better and not  resort to whining cliches like &quot;war is hell&quot;. You are not helping  anyone with cries that there are no answers in war, when history is filled  with answers if you go FAR ENOUGH in your studies. In war, you try to find  an opening to pour through and get inside an enemy's supply,  command/control and his industrial base to collapse him rather than slam  into him and slug it out. At Arnhem bridge some things could and should  have been done to keep the bridge (drop south directly onto the bridge as  Gavin said, give the British glider-delivered armored vehicles like Brens  and Tetrarch light tanks or even bicycles, take the ferry etc. etc.) but  these miss the point which was that if we had kept Arnhem bridge we would  have simply been stopped by the germans in force on the other side of the  river. We would be slamming into the alert enemy in strength at that point,  which you don't want to do in war. We from that point on sought other  penetration points to cross the Rhine and roll into Germany. We tried at  that spot, the opening was not there, this is the price of doing business,  hardly a &quot;failure&quot;.<br />The only failure in this film is  that it  doesn't express that the aim was to find an undefended opening into Germany  to collapse her means to fight, and this meant more than just the physical  means to cross a river. If audiences realized this and not been so fixated  by the bridge as the title makes you do, you will see why the leaders,  Gavin, Sasibowsky, Browning, Horrocks at the tower do not push the final  few miles to reach the bridge. Taking the bridge would not change the fact  that the opening they sought into Germany was not there. This requires a  sense of maturity and understanding of war at a higher level than we are  used to, but I think we are up to it.<br />Now to the movie---its simply the BEST war movie ever made.  Better than SPR from a point of view of studying war--SPR is a message to  the hearts/minds of this generation to get off its rear. This film has the  best depiction of combining arms yet shown---the rolling artillery barrage  landing ahead of the Irish Grenadier's tanks, supposedly suppressing the  German anti-tank gunners. When we see that even after hurting the Germans,  the Germans are still not stopped, a very important lesson that infantry  must clear ahead for armor in closed terrain is shown. We in the west  expect too much from our artillery and air strikes. The defense of the  Bridge scenes show us that we need plentiful anti-tank weapons that every  Soldier can have, and he should have a gunshield/body armor to protect him.<br />The music propelling this movie is majestic and was written by  one of the participants in the battle--John Addison. You can't beat that  for accuracy, he was there! This movie and the music triumphs even if most  people do not understand that the battle was indeed a triumph and a lesson  to us to structure our Airborne forces to have better mobility means and to  insure our 2-D armored forces are not so bridge dependant in the first  place.<br />AIRBORNE!iles to reach the bridge. Taking the bridge would not change the fact  that the opening they sought into Germany was not there. This requires a  sense of maturity and understanding of war at a higher level than we are  used to, but I think we are up to it.<br />Now to the movie---its simply the BEST war movie ever made.  Better than SPR from a point of view of studying war--SPR is a message to  the hearts/minds of this generation to get off its rear. This film has the  best depiction of combining arms yet shown---the rolling artillery barrage  landing ahead of the Irish Grenadier's tanks, supposedly suppressing the  German anti-tank gunners. When we see that even after hurting the Germans,  the Germans are still not stopped, a very important lesson that infantry  must clear ahead for armor in closed terrain is shown. We in the west  expect too much from our artillery and air strikes. The defense of the  Bridge scenes show us that we need plentiful anti-tank weapons that every  Soldier can have, and he should have a gunshield/body armor to protect him.   <br />The music propelling this movie is majestic and was written by  one of the participants in the battle--John Addison. You can't beat that  for accuracy, he was there! This movie and the music triumphs even if most  people do not understand that the battle was indeed a triumph and a lesson  to us to structure our Airborne forces to have better mobility means and to  insure our 2-D armored forces are not so bridge dependant in the first  place.<br />AIRBORNE!
B000002H33|5.0|Easily Metallica's best album.  Every song is great, every note is pure  gold.  The best song is &quot;Orion&quot;, it will blow your mind.  It's so  sad that bass god Cliff Burton died right after they released this, he had  Metallica on a role.  He was the best bassist rock music ever had, and he  shines on this album.  Bottom line: buy it.  You won't be disappointed.
6302638771|5.0|That day America lost charismatic leadership elected by the people in  favor of secret government. After WWII, we realized we could not ever be  caught unprepared for war in a nuclear age, so we continued on in a state  of \\"cold\\" war. JFK wanted to change this in the middle of the  \\"Cold War\\"; bad timing for sure. All of those that quibble (look  the word up) about Stone's details or pronounce the \\"LHO did it\\"  have never fired a weapon in U.S. military service, least of all a cruddy  Mannlicher-Carcano. Get one and just try manipulating the bolt fast enough  for 3 shots. Then try aiming and proper breathing/trigger control. Next,  watch the head of JFK react backwards from a frontal shot in Stone's  showing of the Zapruder film, proving a frontal shot from a second gunman.  Next ponder on the FACT that the next U.S. Government assasination  investigation concluded it WAS a conspiracy requiring 2 or more gunmen. The  official U.S. Government position is that there WAS A CONSPIRACY. The  Warren Commission misconclusion has been superseded. Now what are YOU going  to do about it?<br /><br />The point is the people of America have become cowards,  the secret government knows that it has to do all our dirty work because we  certainly will not do it. This is why they knew they could remove the  elected President by coup d'etat and get away with it, as they then  proceeded to kill RFK, MLK, Malcolm-X and George Wallace, don't forget they  shot Reagen, too---anyone who offered a shimmer of hope of \\"being his  own man\\" while in public office/position of visibility that could  awaken the lazy Gen-Me/X/Y generations.<br /><br />What died that day in Dallas was  the belief that a charismatic leader could inspire the populace of America  to get involved in our government. Since that time its been all \\"down  hill\\".  And who is to blame?<br /><br />We are.<br /><br />When we become more  intelligent as Stone's films can make us realize the nature of things, then  we can take a more active role in government without the secret caretakers  of this Republic getting alarmed and feel like they have to assassinate us.  It took a tremendous amount of courage for Oliver Stone to make this film,  and I salute everyone in the cast, too. The point of this film is to be a  charismatic THINKING leader in your own right and not let the \\"bad  people scare you\\" as Garrison tells his children.<br /><br />Stone shows why  the men who killed JFK were angry at him, and they have good reasons for  their wrong doing. Still makes it wrong, but \\"good people\\" can do  bad things. Look at Nazi Germany--we are not immune from mob or  group-think. You don't offer to disarm in the face of world communism. See  Stone's Nixon and this will be clear, too. However, the conspirators that  killed our charismatic leaders are wrong because America needs people of  charisma holding things together at every level, they alone can't do it  all. If they wanted JFK out of office, see to it that he was voted, not  SHOT out of office. What we have here today is a slow death of America at  many levels by a pervading lack of trust in the people in our government,  partially because we cannot seem to elect good people into office or if we  did, not have them shot out.<br /><br />The movie clearly poses the question of  whether we are going to continue as a nation based on just a war footing  run by others or are we going to stop being selfish consumerists content to  let others handle the pressing matters of the nation? Or will we like  Garrison/JFK seek and find the truth, dare to be different and spend our  lives doing things far more interesting like space colonization and make  that our nation's reason for existance? We need a competent  military-industrial complex or we will not survive as a nation, but we will  not survive long if we don't get an enlightened citizenry that is able to  understand the complexities of the world (not quibble in order to sit on  one's rear) and assume the responsibility of our nation without disarming  in the face of the external enemy. The internal enemies are tougher. I  think we know who they are. We have met the enemy and he is us.e responsibility of our nation without disarming  in the face of the external enemy. The internal enemies are tougher. I  think we know who they are. We have met the enemy and he is us.
B000002UZ4|5.0|Just about every song here is a masterpiece!  I just can't get enough.   I've had this cd in my changer for a couple weeks now and don't want to  take it out!  Great dance rhythms, great melodies, great lyrics!  This is a  timeless collection, probably my favorite cd. Buy it!!!
630289915X|5.0|The moment for me is when George seeing the ruined lives of all his loved ones in Potterville---if he had never lived--the terror in his eyes---for  THEM---please! send me back!<br />He returns full of joy and realization that  it is a wonderful life and that, well he will go to jail for the missing  money.<br />His beautiful wife, Donna Reed calls the town and says George is  in trouble....<br />Out of nowhere they come, all of them with money to bail  him out. Its unexpected and we all know deep in our hearts its true. That  if you give of yourself to others you will always be rich.<br />THE BEST FILM  EVER!
B00004R99M|5.0|Take two unruley children in a banker's home and add a superb BRITISH NANNY (Julie Andrews) who seems to reveal a very bizarre personality when  the children are out of their parent's range. One could say that Mary  Poppins has a magical right-brain personality. Delightful adventure, catchy  songs, terrific dancing, colorful scenes. Add Dick Van Dyke, David  Tomslinson, Glynis Johns, Hermione Baddley, Reta Shaw, Arthur Treacher, and  Reginald Owen who are just some of the many wonderful performers in this  dynamic, early-Disney musical.
6303402348|5.0|One of the greatest movies of all time. In the top 3. JFK, Its a Wonderful Life, Forrest Gump. We need to ask ourselves what can a film do? The most a  film can do is change our lives forever, and Forrest Gump does  that.<br />AHHHHHH! People reading your reviews is painful. Please realize  what you are seeing!<br />Forrest Gump is a METAPHOR, a parable of America.<br />Why do you think he journey's through the late 20th century? Its not an  accident. Gump is a message to us, that if we stick to our MORAL COMPASS,  we could even be retarded and things will work out. We don't know this.  Jenny represents us--America who does not stay true to her moral compass  and she flounders, yet time and time again Gump, the living embodiment of a  moral compass comes to rescue her. The point of Gump's dim-wittedness is to  contrast more clearly that the thing that brings him success is his  goodness. This is something we evidently have forgotten all about in  America and we need to be reminded.<br />We begin with Forrest as a boy who  falls in love with a girl who stands by him against some bullies. When we  find that she is being abused by her father and she asks that she wished  she were a bird to fly away and Forrest prays for her, with God arranging  for her to be rescued by a relative taking custody, most human beings would  be moved to tears at this point. The prayers of the simple and pure of  heart are answered. This theme of Jenny wishing she could fly away  continues throughout the film. She can't fly but she does teach Forrest to  run, and run he does. With his pure heart, he goes far, to the crimson Tide  football campus, to Vietnam, to Red China, to a shrimp boat...<br />As the  years go by, anchored by Forrest being involved with every event, Jenny  goes astray and Forrest tries to rescue her. The scene where he decks the  militant boyfriend who slapped her shows that he is not some weakling, but  a U.S. Army Soldier who loves his woman as much as he loves his country!<br />The relationship of Forrest with Lt. Dan is beautiful as despite all the  bitterness and rage the latter feels towards life, Forrest reminds him,  &quot;You are still Lt. Dan&quot;. And this is the central thing, its the  fact that we are each unique and ourselves that makes us worthwhile, not  any act or achievement. Forrest achieves mightily but he knows that his  value is that he is himself and he only wishes to be with his Jenny. True  love gives and doesn't expect to be returned. If we had more people with  half their intellects and replaced that with half of Forrest's heart we  would be in great shape today.<br />That is the message of Forrest Gump---the  feather is having the right attitude to always be able to fly no matter  where the wind takes you, to keep your humanity and do what is right no  matter what.<br />The sad ending reminds us that we have to intervene and  protect people early, and to cherish the ones we love today before its too  late. O, I wished the Jenny at the end of the film was that way earlier on,  sensible, beautiful, competent, why did she have to go through so many hard  knocks in life to get there. Maybe some of the women watching the film will  see her journey and arrive at that point a womanhood sooner with happier  endings. To men, I say be selfless like Forrest is and devote your lives to  others as a protector and have a moral compass.<br />A great film, my review  above does not do it justice.country!   <br />The relationship of Forrest with Lt. Dan is beautiful as despite all the  bitterness and rage the latter feels towards life, Forrest reminds him,  &quot;You are still Lt. Dan&quot;. And this is the central thing, its the  fact that we are each unique and ourselves that makes us worthwhile, not  any act or achievement. Forrest achieves mightily but he knows that his  value is that he is himself and he only wishes to be with his Jenny. True  love gives and doesn't expect to be returned. If we had more people with  half their intellects and replaced that with half of Forrest's heart we  would be in great shape today.<br />That is the message of Forrest Gump---the  feather is having the right attitude to always be able to fly no matter  where the wind takes you, to keep your humanity and do what is right no  matter what. <br />The sad ending reminds us that we have to intervene and  protect people early, and to cherish the ones we love today before its too  late. O, I wished the Jenny at the end of the film was that way earlier on,  sensible, beautiful, competent, why did she have to go through so many hard  knocks in life to get there. Maybe some of the women watching the film will  see her journey and arrive at that point a womanhood sooner with happier  endings. To men, I say be selfless like Forrest is and devote your lives to  others as a protector and have a moral compass. <br />A great film, my review  above does not do it justice.
1570429596|1.0|I saw Robert Kiyosaki on Oprah and liked his basic premise. I bought the version of Rich Dad Poor Dad that consists of two tapes. What a waste of money! The author never gets into specifics. He tells stories that take too  long to get to the point, as if the narrator is talking to a three-year-old  child. He repeats the same points throughout the tape in a condescending  manner. This information could have been shared in five minutes and  shouldn't have been stretched out into three boring hours. In fact, I  learned everything from watching Oprah. I've purchased many good products  from Amazon, but this product was a waste of money.
630382790X|5.0|They are running out of oxygen...they cannot shut down enough switches to get their re-entry capsule to operate, their atmosphere is building up in  CO2...they are pointed the wrong way to get back to earth...<br />Marilyn  Lovell is watching TV as the entire world gripped with dread fears the life  of her husband and the other astronauts...<br />Jim is interviewed on TV...you  can feel the tension in the air....it doesn't look good....<br />He describes  how years ago he was flying back to the carrier after a mission over  Korea...his aircraft is shot up...he's in trouble....he asks God to help  him...<br />...then his electrical power to his cockpit lights go out...he  curses....<br />...that's all he needs at this moment...<br />THEN------he looks  out into the darkness and sees a faint green trail.....<br />....its the wake  the propellors of the carrier leaves and follows it home.
B000002MU3|4.0|First of all, this isn't a five star album.  New Adventures in Hi-Fi is a  5-star album.  Life's Rich Pageant is a 5-star album.  Automatic for the  People is a 5-star album.<br />Monster is an average REM album, albeit a  little different.  It's harder, yes.  Is that a good thing?  Depends on the  song.<br />This album has some of REM's best songs (&quot;Star 69,&quot;  &quot;Strane Currencies,&quot; &quot;Let Me In&quot;) and my personal  favorite REM song of all: &quot;What's the Frequency, Kenneth?&quot;<br />And  it has some of REM's worst songs (&quot;Tongue,&quot; &quot;Circus  Envy&quot;).<br />It's a hit and miss affair.  Fortunately, REM followed this  album with their finest, &quot;New Adventures in Hi-Fi.&quot;  NAIHF is  Monster refined, with a touch of Automatic for the People thrown in.  If  you don't have that, buy it over this, but if you're a die-hard REMer, this  is a must-have.  And it's by no means REM's worst (Green or Out of Time  would get that 'award').
079213690X|5.0|This movie is a fabulously entertaining drama of William Wallace's life.  It draws upon my curiousity to read more Scottish history.  I have seen the movie five times.  Last weekend I actually saw the real Wallace Clan in  Edinburgh, Scotland, during their music performance at the Fringe Festival.   POWERFUL musicians as well as interesting historian.  I bought The Wallace  Clan music CD which is truly excellent, especially with the drums. .....
014028009X|1.0|I was so disappointed when I read this book.  Had this been written 15 years ago I might have found this funny.  The subject has been done before  ad naseum. It's trite and boring and found the character pathetic and self  absorbed.  I couldn't finish the book I disliked it so.
B00004STPT|5.0|I saw the movie and promptly begged for the CD on my birthday (seeing I  was too lazy to get it myself...); I finally got it today (happy birthday  to me!) and I've already listened to it three times. It's a beautiful  score, something you can listen to anywhere. It will join a few other  scores on my 'Music to Write By' list.<br />The entire score is wonderful, but  the final track - &quot;Now We Are Free&quot; - is one of the most  beautiful songs I've ever heard. <br />This CD is outstanding ... that's all  that I can say. I love it. Bravo, Hans Zimmer and Lisa Gerrard ... this  one's a winner.
B000006045|5.0|After hearing this CD throughout, I can say with couth that each Massive  Attack CD has been quite different from prior ones. Blue Lines was rougher  and more raw than the two after it, while Protection was much smoother,  jazzier, and appealing. Mezzanine, though, has to be my fav. It's sad to  note that Tricky is no where in the album, having been on the two prior  ones in 2+ songs. Anyway, I think the best tracks would be Risingson (Daddy  G has an AWESOME voice and any song with him in it shines), Dissolved Girl  (Sara Jay's Vocals kick), Mezzanine, and Tear Drop which is a really sad  and sort of dramatic song. This album is just great..I'd love to see them  live, and it's a pity the trio's been cut down to two. Good-bye Mushroom.
B000002KJL|4.0|And, pretty much, they go downhill with each album thereafter. Making  Movies and Love Over Gold are well worth the money. Anything after that ...  well ... probably not. Borrow an MP3 from a friend...
B0000062GE|5.0|There is simply no way to describe the emotion and greatness of this CD. I've had it over a year now and I still listen to it nonstop, and plan to  keep listening to it for a long time.<br />I got this CD after hearing  &quot;Save Yourself&quot; on the radio a few times. I had no idea who they  were or anything, so I got the CD.  Little did I know that this was soon to  be my most favorite CD ever made.<br />This is one of the few CDs that really  sound like the songs are meant to be in the order they are in. Each song  flows beautifully to the next (one exception--Goodbye to When I'm Dead  should definatly be changed!).  Lyrically and emotionally, it really is a  trip.<br />The CD starts off with the scary title track. The beginning to this  song can be pretty freaky if you happen to be in the right mood. Following  up is the song &quot;Everything I Touch&quot;, which is a cool song, but it  really isn't 'pleasing to to the ear', so to speak. It always bugs me when  the distortion slams in before the chorus every time, but it's still okay.   &quot;How Can I Hold On?&quot; is a song that really caught my attention.  The guitar line is awesome, and it provides a mellow listening experience.   &quot;Drug Store&quot;, like &quot;Everything I Touch&quot;, isn't that  beautiful, and is really more of a Gothic-sounding song.  &quot;You  Complete Me&quot; is actually a pretty happy song, and is very good.   &quot;Save Yourself&quot; is one of the best songs on the CD. It's a  somewhat angry song featuring cool sound effects and an awesome beat. Track  7, &quot;Haunting Me&quot;, is another somewhat happy song, like &quot;You  Complete Me&quot;.  It is a little less cheerful, though. &quot;Torn  Apart&quot; is simply awesome. I don't know why they don't play this one on  the radio!  It's got an awesome guitar riff, and a chorus that will rock  your world. It's one of my favorites. After this song, the CD takes a  dramatic turn emotionally. &quot;Sometimes It Hurts&quot; isa sad song,  but EXTREMELY good. They play this one on the radio, too. It's a slow song,  and you can't really help but to loose your smile when listening to this  song. Track 10, &quot;Drowning&quot;, is just plain depressing. The song  title fits the song perfectly--a lone, slow-playing synthesizer, and low  vocals make this song one of the saddest on the CD. The song is all about  feeling completely alone and sad. Blending into the next song,  &quot;Desperate Now&quot; is the saddest song I've ever heard. When the  chorus hits in this song it's like you can't help but to shivver--it's just  so sad it's unbelieveable. The song is about someone who feels useless, and  a few other depression-related feelings. &quot;Goodbye&quot; is a short  song with a single, pulsating guitar riff. If they had ended the CD on this  song I'm sure a few of the people I know who also like this CD would just  start crying. In this song the same person in &quot;Drowning&quot; and  &quot;Desperate Now&quot; decides to commit suicide, and he is saying  goodbye to all his friends.  The one lyric that gets ya every time is when  he says &quot;And if there's one thing that I've learned from life--it's  that it gets you in the end. So goodbye my friend.  Goodbye.&quot; That  lyric concludes this song. Now, Stabbing Westward could've gradually gotten  louder, but no.  After this slow, quiet song is over, &quot;When I'm  Dead&quot; launches in with the lead singer screaming  &quot;DIEEEEE! &quot; and pounding guitars.  It's a great song, but I  really wish they would've made the transition between &quot;Goodbye&quot;  and &quot;When I'm Dead&quot;. &quot;On Your Way Down&quot; is an angry/sad  song, and really sticks out from the rest. A lyric from this song says  &quot;I hope I see you on your way down. I hope you break every bone.  I  hope it kills you on your way down. And I hope you die alone.&quot; It's  truely a good song.  Now... the last song on the CD, and I must say, this  is the bestsong on the CD.  After the entire 55 minutes of sadness, they  put the perfect ending. It's a sad song, but instead of suggesting that the  event will lead to suicide, there is hope at the end of this song. Really  the whole song is about someone who's love swore they would never leave,  and then one day they did. The chorus is unbelieveable.  This song  rules.<br />Well that's it.  YOU MUST GET THIS CD!   Stabbing Westward  deserves millions of times more credit for this CD than they are getting,  so do them and yourself a favor and GET IT!
B000021Y77|5.0|I have watched many foreign movies, &amp; this would have to be one of the very best I have ever seen. The music is fast and suits the movie  perfectly. The whole movie is shot from wierd angles, like in a music  video. Overall, its well written, funny, spine-tingling, fast-paced, and  highly unpredictable. I especially likes the &quot;And then...&quot; parts  in the movie, which show you what happens to some of the people that Lola  encounters.<br />The one and only thing I can say that I didn't like about  this movie was that it was way too short.
6303407188|5.0|It would be embaressingly tempting to make a slapshot film out of the worst director ever lived. But tim Burton didn't settle for that. No,  instead he made a touching and truely genious film about a man who had a  real passion to make movies, although he had the knowledge of your granny.  Of course, this is one of the funniest films of the last decade, but what  makes it truely outstanding are the more serious aspects, such as the  undeniable love to the movie industry. Ok, so a tribute-a-like comedy? 4  stars, max. But what makes me give it the whole pack? Tha acting. This film  is what seems to be a sea full of fishes that simply are giving the best  performances of the whole lives. I mean, just look at the stunning role  that Martin Landau does as Bela Lugosi, or the the sheer realistically  stunning enthusiasm Johnny Depp has managed to put up. And I swear I has to  look twice to make sure it wasn't the rwal Orson Welles in the scene!  So,  what I want you to remember is, that this film is not only great fun, but  also a true masterpiece about friendship, respect and love for movies.  Everyone interseted in movies should see this film instead of all the  sugared tirbutes about the great filmmakers, because even though Ed Wood  didn't have the gifts, he had something that every director should always  have; HEART.
6305546789|5.0|Arguably the best horror film of all time.  Michael Myers, the  quintessential &quot;boogie man&quot;.  Jaime Leigh Curtis, a very  believable heroine.  Donald Pleasence, an entertaining psychiatrist turned  vigilante.  A movie, that successfully plays off of our most common  childhood fears.  A musical score that fits it's subject matter perfectly.  John Carpenter has created a masterpiece.  I remember at the end of the  movie, I yearned for a sequel(s), unfortunately..........it happened.
B00002MZ2C|5.0|This album rocks!! Although all the songs are good, the best are  &quot;Guerrilla Radio&quot;, &quot;Sleep Now In The Fire&quot;,  &quot;Maria&quot;, &quot;Born Of A Broken Man&quot; and &quot;No  Shelter&quot;. This album is just as excellent as &quot;Rage Against the  Machine&quot; and &quot;Evil Empire&quot;. RAGE AGAINST THE MACHINE  ROCK!!!!
B0000009OX|4.0|It's hard to believe that these guys come from the same locality as Stiff  Little Fingers.  It would be hard to imagine a more apolitical group, or a  more joyously rocking one.  They're as lyrically teen-centered as Chuck  Berry, as melodic as the Buzzcocks, and as energetic as early Ramones or  any punk group you could name.  They turned down the energy a notch and  increased the lyrical sophistication  on their next album, Hypnotized,  which is the only reason I'm giving this four stars instead of five.   Hypnotized seems to be out of print in the U.S., so I say grab their  gleefully rocking debut before IT goes out of print too!
B000002UJQ|5.0|I bought this record 3 years ago when it first came out and loved it, and  have lately been tempted to listen to it again, and may I say it certainly  stands the test of time, in fact I like it more now than I did 3 years ago.  The critics all liked it, basically, I think because it's really innovative  in sound, and critics dig that sort of thing, and while that is a great  quality about it, that's not the main reason why I like it. OK Computer is  just an all around great album, from start to finish.. great, well put  together songs with strong identity. (which is what I think constitutes a  good record).. they have this melancholy sense of melody reminiscent of the  beatles.. brilliant guitar work, emotion, flow, it holds your interest. And  &quot;Lucky&quot; never fails to damn near makes me cry every time I hear  it. If you like textural music, emotional music, dynamic interesting music,  OK Computer is for you. It may seem kinda wierd and artsy to some. But, in  my opinion, it's an awesome record.. good all the way through, one of my  favorites.
0394720288|5.0|This isn't just a &quot;good&quot; Bertie-and-Jeeves novel (they're all  good); it is, along with Jeeves  In the Morning, the BEST.  It's the  perfect introduction to Wodehouse's farcical world.  The thing that makes  this series stand out from the Blandings series and everything else is that  they're told by clueless, intellectually-challanged Bertie Wooster, and  this adds a delicious extra layer of humor.  This is also why any  performance of the Jeeves novels will necessarily only catch a fraction of  the wit to be found in the books.  You get the situations but not the  narration.  Jeeves In the Morning was titled Joy In the Morning in Britain,  by the way.  Fair warning: read either Code of the Woosters or Jeeves In  the Morning and you risk becoming a Wodehouse fan for life.  (Of course, I  think it's a risk you should take.)
0446525537|3.0|Young love, first love, sacrificial love is the story of Nickolas Spark's third novel.<br />The son of a rich, powerful politician meets the only  daughter of a widowed Baptist minister in a small North Carolina town in  1958. Combine the awkward years of high school dating, the popular boy  meets the outcaste &quot;do gooder&quot; girl (add one small town  orphanage), the annual Christmas play and top with a fatal sickness and -  Walla! - a readable love story.<br />Throughout &quot;A Walk to  Remember,&quot; Sparks' underlying message is &quot;do the right  thing.&quot; While this book is not up to his brilliant first love story,  &quot;The Notebook,&quot; it is a significant improvement over the  co-dependent disappointment of &quot;Message in a Bottle.&quot;<br />&quot;A  Walk to Remember&quot; is a quick, beach-book read that will satisfy those  hankering for a feel-good love story. Recommended.
B000006E4C|5.0|Rarely, does a person have the privelege of listening to a piece in its  nascent stage of introduction which then becomes a landmark in musical  history.  This is such a piece.  Steve Reich brings together the austerity  of minimalism with carefully orchestrated harmony.  I enjoy this music.   For me, it creates a world of its own  Some may call it trance-like or  meditative.  Within the firm foundation of repetitive rhythms there are  playful melodies.  Each instrument appears to have its own dance.  Steve  Reich credits Ella Fitzgerald for the scat-style singing, and Protin for  the elongation of the opening chordal cycle.  Yet, there is nothing  derivative about this music.  It does demonstrate a range of influences and  the breadth of its appeal.  If you are interested to listen to Minimalism  of the late 20th century, or enjoy unique music which is written by a great  living composer, this CD will be interesting to you.
0671047272|5.0|For those of you who have heard the to-do about this book but haven't had the time to read it, this audiobook is a great way to  see what all the  commotion is about.  The basic story is of a boy's life (0-17 years) from  Brooklyn to Limerick, then to somewhere else (I don't want to give it  away).  Although the story is at its core a sad one, the most  distinguishing features of the book are that the story is captured with  amazing detail, vivid descriptions and a childlike sense of imagination and  humor.  While enduring the pains of hunger and decrepitude, McCourt  describes how his father moved the family to the upstairs portion of the  room, which they called &quot;Italy&quot;, because it was dry; downstairs  was completely flooded from Ireland's seemingly-constant rain.  He then  recounts how a gentleman comes to search for his father, and the young  McCourt explains that his father is up in Italy because it is too wet  downstairs, to the befuddlement of the stranger.  The story is not merely a  description of poverty, it is about a young boy's perseverence and  tenacious grasp of hope and optimism despite everything that threatens his  happiness and existence.     Although the storyline is in itself  worthwhile, the author's smooth tenor voice with a hint of an Irish accent  lends both authenticity and interest.  I put the CD in my car and when I  stopped driving I would just wait in the parking lot, listening and  imagining.
0671578855|3.0|I did not like &quot;A Civil Campaign&quot; as much as many of Bujold's  previous work. Still good - just not GREAT.<br />I had the feeling I was  reading a glorified Harlequin Romance or something. The Vorkosigan series  always has been female oriented, with most of the good, strong, and  competant characters women, handicapped, minority, or patterned after  relatives (her father has turned up twice, I'm pretty sure). All the evil,  and/or incompetant characters are usually white males. But she has done  such a good job of making them entertaining that one can overlook the  Politically Correct programming. <br />This book has taken that to a new  level. The entire book is the literary equivilant of a &quot;chick  flick&quot;.<br />Even so, I'd buy it again. It is still better than most.
B000002URV|5.0|The first time that I listened to &quot;Sadness,&quot; was in 1992,  observing a program of local music.  The mere act of listening to the  Gregorian chants , the respiration that sounds from bottom and the rhythm  that had that song, were enough in order to get this disk.  <br />Already  listening to it with thoroughly in my house, at night, upon listening to  the words &quot;This Is The Voice Of Enigma ...  Take To Deep Breath And  Relax,&quot; I felt complety rellaxed, and in a state of meditation that I  could not describe.<br />Upon going sounding each one of the several songs, I  could feel like I went traveling of a manner like  before had not made it,  and upon arriving to &quot;The Rivers Of Belief,&quot; I knew that that  disk had been a perfect purchase, and from then, it is one of my favored  disks that in spite of having any time in the market, their sound and  rhythm has not passed of style.<br />I recommend that person that appreciates  a great variety of sounds mixed in perfect harmony for all and also desire  to feel interior peace and relationship.<br />A disk that should not be  lacking in no collection.<br />Greeting.
0783113943|2.0|I had high hopes for this movie.  When Gia meets Linda something just  clicks.  Gia falls head over heels for this girl.  They look good together.   Gia and Linda look very charming and very sweet when they're together and  you really want for them to make it work.  The love/sex scenes are very  sweet and romantic and sexy.  However Gia has a drug problem and she's  taking what could be a storybook romance and turning it into a tragedy.   You keep hoping the stable well-adjusted Linda can help turn Gia's life  around.  You keep hoping Gia will get off the drugs and she and Linda will  live happily ever after.  But there is no happily ever after.  Gia keeps  snorting herion or shooting it up.  She wrecks her career and scares people  away from her that might help her.  She scares Linda although Linda never  really gives up on her.  However in the end Gia ends up dying tragically  and everybody (especially me) is depressed.  I realise this is a true story  and they couldn't just lie about how things turned out, but aren't there  any true life lesbian stories with HAPPY endings?
B000003BF1|4.0|&quot;Let It Bleed&quot; shows how great The Stones progressed even  without Brian Jones. &quot;Let It Bleed&quot; over all has a country-blues  feel. We have the classic rock anthem &quot;Gimmie Shelter&quot; which  could be one of The Stones best pure rock singles since  &quot;Satisfaction&quot;. &quot;Love In Vain&quot; is a favorite of mine  and &quot;You Got The Silver&quot; really shines too. The album ends epicly  with the smash hit &quot;You Can't Always Get What You Want&quot; which is  a far more better and real look on life than all the hippie love songs(not  that thoese were bad or anything).
B000002IOY|5.0|After the chord ripping power of &quot;Under&quot;,I was expecting this release too be the same.Unfortunatly,it was not.But this is not a bad thing  by any means.The songs are definitely more thought out and arranged. Though  a tad slower than their previous album, this brings out the lyrics to an  almost bard/story teller feel.This apparent  with&quot;Spiders/Skullcrusher&quot;,&quot;Who tends the fire&quot;,and  &quot;The years of decay&quot;.Yet they still manage to hold on too who  they are with others such as &quot;Elimination&quot;,&quot;Time to  kill&quot;,and &quot;E.N.D&quot;.If you are looking for that speed and  power you've grown too love from these guys, you won't get it here. But you  will get an ablum that will infect you and make you go back to it again and  again.Clearly a no-brainer for fans.
6302891272|4.0|&quot;Throne Of Blood&quot; just goes to show how universal Shakespeare is. I must warn you though if you're viewing &quot;Macbeth&quot; then you  shouldn't see this one first. Most of the &quot;Macbeth&quot; plot is here  but not Shakespeare's actual dialogue. Kurosawa of course does an amazing  job with translating it to the screen. &quot;Throne Of Blood&quot; is much  slower than most Kurosawa films and almost like you're watching Noh  Japanese theater. Some of the most beautiful shots are in the forest and  fog...Kurosawa has an eye for the best shots and can capture the characters  indulging in their new state of mind which is one of the most import parts  of a production of &quot;Macbeth&quot;. Toshiro Mifune is mature in  &quot;Throne Of Blood&quot; and shows that he can play more than a thug in  other Kurosawa films. Minoru Chiaki does a silent but deadly wicked  performance. The song in the beginning and the end of the film put a great  touch to the film. We get the message that Kurosawa is potraiting that man  is vain and indulges in greed. Over all this film is amazing but  &quot;Ran&quot; is still Kurosawa's masterpiece.
6305807086|1.0|this film is bar none the most pointless excercise of film-making in recent history. let me say up front for those of you who will say that i  didn't &quot;get it&quot; or that i am one of the people that doesn't like  a movie if its not all wrapped up neat and tidy with explanations for  everything and a happy ending, that David Lynch's Lost Highway is my  favorite movie ever, followed closely by David Fincher's Fight Club and  Vicent Gallo's Buffalo '66. So, i &quot;got it&quot; and have wished ever  since watching the movie that it was just a bad dream and that if i rent it  again it will be the brilliant movie that it had every right to be. Spike  Jonze did a great job of directing and the film had some ideas never  presented before in hollywood. but the characters that Jonze was directing  were awful, just awful. no amount of originality can make up for the  endless whining of Cusack's character and Cameron Diaz's is abhorable at  best. not even John Malavich is entertaining in this film. If you're  thinking of buying this movie, just burn the money and stare at the floor  for two hours and i promise you will be better off.
1878424319|5.0|Some books are kept, some are read and passed on.  This is a book that  stays with me most of the time and is given as gifts to many friends and  family.  It is quite simply wonderful.  Enough said.
B000002IU9|1.0|Wow, I can not believe all of the praise given to this album.  I bought  this album because I was looking for something to buy and this looked  pretty interesting.  What did I hear when I played this nonsense?  I heard  Spinal Tap stretched to ridiculous proportions only without the tongue in  cheek humor.  If this was a parody it would be acceptable, but these guys  seem to take themselves seriously. This real metal! I do not think so.  Do  yourself a favor and buy some Mercyful Fate, Emperor, or Iron Maiden  instead.  However with that said this album is recommended over say any of  the boy bands out there.
B00003CX95|5.0|When you first watch this picture, you will not believe your eyes or ears.  This movie stays in my mind constantly!  Mel Gibson in another action  movie, but this time with a little more heart.  Amazing scenes, wonderful  costumes, awesome acting, and a great way to tell history; what more could  you ask for?  This movie will certainly be a classic, there is no doubt in  my mind.  There is so much to say about how wonderfully done this picture  was that it can't all be said within the 1000 word limit!  A MUST for Mel  fans and action fans alike.  Never will there be a movie so realistic and  breath-taking as this.
B000005JA8|1.0|I've often said that the only type of music less worthy of consideration  than &quot;ambient&quot; music is &quot;avant-garde.&quot; This CD is a  prime example of why this is true. I have heard that the original release  was a double record, making it four sides of random hitting of instruments  and lyrics that were probably composed on the spot. That is not what the  word &quot;music&quot; means. Anyone who would purchase this needs to have  their taste glands examined. Frank Zappa was ridiculous enough by himself;  do we really need him to produce the &quot;music&quot; of one of his even  less-talented friends?
B000002MIF|5.0|I was lucky.  The group of friends I hung around in 1985 (my junior year  in high school) were hip to some great music.  This release was my first  exposure to the Smiths, along with other great releases from that year  including R.E.M.s &quot;Fables&quot; and The Cure's &quot;Head on the  Door&quot;.  This music dictated a style, not just in attitude and dress,  but a way of looking at the world.  Everyone else seemed to be listening to  Led Zep or ACDC.  By the time I hit college in the fall of '86, I was a  year and a half ahead of what would soon become &quot;college radio&quot;.    <br />This music still sounds fresh today, jangle-pop with that monotone  Morrisey whine.
B000005H40|1.0|For a long time, many people have had the idea that what is termed  &quot;improvisation&quot; in the music business is really just as much of a  hoax as &quot;avant-garde&quot; is, and they're right. An early recording  such as this one proves that it's been that way for quite a while.  &quot;Improvisation,&quot; in case you didn't know, is the making up of  music in the studio or live on the spot! The ENTIRE CD consists of this  &quot;improvisation!&quot; I guess this &quot;music&quot; doesn't require  any sort of thought put into it. It doesn't matter what the end result is,  because music requires composition, and &quot;improvisation&quot; is not  composition. Thus, this is not jazz, and it certainly isn't  music--regardless of what so-called &quot;experts&quot; might say.
B00003CWN3|5.0|I think that this is an excellent movie,even though it leaves out alot of things about the tragedy.  i think that everyone should feel heart-broken  and sorry for what the world has come to!
B00004Y62T|4.0|I detested the sappy &quot;The English Patient&quot;, but director Anthony Minghella has redeemed himself in  my eyes with the taunt and creepy  thriller, &quot;The Talented Mr. Ripley.&quot; Matt Damon is quite  effective,  I think, as the covetous Ripley, a man who has no identity or  personality of his own to speak of, and  is also a closeted homosexual. In  a case of mistaken identity (and blatant opportunism on his part)  Ripley  lucks into a job offered by the very rich Mr. Greenleaf to go to Italy and  retrieve his wayward  son, Dickie (effectively played by the gorgeous Jude  Law.) Dickie, however, plans to stay in country  and marry his handsome  girlfriend Marge Sherwood(Gwyneth Paltrow.) Dickie and his lifestyle is so  seductive, that  Ripley plans to inject himself permanently into it, rather  than return with the prodigal to the States,  with sinister and tragic  results. The Italian coastline is breathtaking. Matt Damon, Jude law, and  the  always watch able Philip Seymour Hoffman register well in their roles.  Gwyneth Paltrow has little to  do, but is perfectly cast as Dickie's  thoroughbred girlfriend. Lovely Cate Blanchett has a  small, but pivotal  roll. The ending of this movie is creepy and effective in the extreme, as  Ripley pays  for his sins in an extremely painful personal way (even as he  eludes the legal ramifications of his acts.)
B00004SVGE|4.0|It is great CD but it is a waste of money to pay for DTS recording. Saloon  type of singing; a piano, bass, vocal, there is not enough music to fill  all the channels to create DTS surround sound. Listen to Freddie Ravel's  Sol to Soul in DTS, you would know what I mean.
0696204800|5.0|This is the book that I turn to when I need some inspiration to get back  to the sewing machine. There are just so many wonderful photographs, so  clear and beautiful. The blocks seem to have endless subject matters, yet  allow you to put them together to create a uniform looking pattern . This  book always lifts my spirits, and makes me think that quilt patterns ar  endless in their possibilities.
0451627768|5.0|Charles Darwin may not have been the first to champion a theory of evolution, but he certainly was the best. Dry nineteenth-century writing aside, the book is a fascinating introduction to evolutionary theory. It  still amazes me that someone completely in the dark about modern theories  of inheritance could have successfully explained so much about evolution  and variation. The book is chock-full of brilliant insights.<br />It's true  that the book is - of course - a little outdated. Reading a more modern  update, like Richard Dawkins' &quot;The Selfish Gene&quot; (and &quot;The  Extended Phenotype&quot; if you're ambitious), will definitely bring you up  to speed on the topic...
B00004U30D|5.0|I liked this, movie it won Best Picture this year, and Kevin Spacey is a  good actor i've seen some of his movies. Well the girls in this movie were  pretty. Well this is a weird movie some parts were alittle gross well some  people will like it. enjoy.
B000002JSN|5.0|After Physical Graffiti had been completed, Led Zeppelin's proudest  accomplishment was probably advancing their work by including so many types  of music on one double album, all of them unique and individual in their  own right and all of them resounding the fundamentals of Led Zeppelin's  collective styles which included Robert Plant's redoubled and high-pitched  vocals, John Paul Jones' compositional skills, Jimmy Page's inventive and  wavy guitar techniques and John Bonham's lyrical and theatrical drumming  which, like Page's guitar work, could buttress the rest of the band's  skills while remaining impressive on its own accord. Led Zeppelin tour  threw pop (Houses of the Holy), smoking blues (Trampled Under Foot),  prog-rock (In the Light), folk (Black Country Woman, Night Flight),  tropical (Down by the Seaside) Middle Eastern (Kashmir), hard rock (The  Wanton Song, Sick Again), epic rock (The Rover) and even tried their hand  at creating the ultimate stoner song, the twelve-minute In My Time of Dying  with its moody vocals and repetitive, intense guitar rift and pounding  drums. I would grant them the right to be very proud.
0783241569|5.0|This was, good I liked it well Julia Roberts is a good actress and Hugh  Grant is good too well you'll like this.....enjoy this movie!
B000002MIF|5.0|Despite being one of the Smiths earlier albulms, it was actually one of the last to join my collection. Oh how I regret not owning it sooner!   Needless to say, I was not disappointed. Who possibly could be? I think  this version of This Charming Man is superior to any other. That also rings  true for the version of Still Ill. Another magnificent track is Reel Around  The fountain. I fell in love with this one after the first listen. (Well, I  did after all of them, really) I love the fact that a casual listener would  probably think it's quite a nice song, only to discover upon closer  inspection that it is actually quite a violent and sexual song. &quot;Meet  me at the fountain/Shove me on the Patio/I'll take it slowly&quot;  Ablosutely brilliant. Handome Devil is another fabulous track as is What  difference does it make. I would have to give the most underrated song  award to the glorious Girl Afraid. &quot;She says he never really looks at  me/I give him every opportunity&quot; Morrissey is truly a genius! But who  could write a review without mentioning Back To The Old House. I've never  heard a more beautiful voice in my life. One however, cannot forget the  brilliance of Johnny Marr in the slew of Morrissey's unforgettable lyrics.  I particularly like You've Got Everything Now. Not that the guitar work is  necessarily difficult, just unobvious. That's what makes it so good. The  lyrics to this song are also as equally brilliant. (God, would I love to be  tied to the back of his car! ) If you do not already own this albulm, I  urge you to do so now. I'm not joking. DO IT NOW!
6305657939|5.0|This was, a good movie it's very cool how he steals paintings although I  would never do that well this was interesting you'll like it...............
B000002MIF|5.0|Despite being one of the Smiths earlier albulms, it was actually one of the last to join my collection. Oh how I regret not owning it sooner!   Needless to say, I was not disappointed. Who possibly could be? I think  this version of This Charming Man is superior to any other. That also rings  true for the version of Still Ill. Another magnificent track is Reel Around  The fountain. I fell in love with this one after the first listen. (Well, I  did after all of them, really) I love the fact that a casual listener would  probably think it's quite a nice song, only to discover upon closer  inspection that it is actually quite a violent and sexual song. &quot;Meet  me at the fountain/Shove me on the Patio/I'll take it slowly&quot;  Ablosutely brilliant. Handome Devil is another fabulous track as is What  difference does it make. I would have to give the most underrated song  award to the glorious Girl Afraid. &quot;She says he never really looks at  me/I give him every opportunity&quot; Morrissey is truly a genius! But who  could write a review without mentioning Back To The Old House. I've never  heard a more beautiful voice in my life. One however, cannot forget the  brilliance of Johnny Marr in the slew of Morrissey's unforgettable lyrics.  I particularly like You've Got Everything Now. Not that the guitar work is  necessarily difficult, just unobvious. That's what makes it so good. The  lyrics to this song are also as equally brilliant. (God, would I love to be  tied to the back of his car! ) If you do not already own this albulm, I  urge you to do so now. I'm not joking. DO IT NOW!
B00003CXFU|5.0|I liked, Erin Brockavich Julia Roberts performance was, good she did good  in this also in Pretty Women I liked it alot. You'll like, this movie!  Based On A True Story!
1568495110|4.0|Great book, well worth the read... the movie does it no justice..
B00004U2HK|5.0|This is one, of my favorite movies I saw it when I was, little and it's  still one of my favorites, the songs are great, eventhough it's old it's  still good........It's worth watching you'll love it for the intire,  family! :-)
B000002MFN|4.0|This album is one of the most overlooked albums of the 90's. No, it is not madonna's best,but this album still sounds better than alot of the other  female artists atempt at &quot;sex&quot;. For example, Janet's &quot;Velvet  Rope&quot; sounds dumb and when Mariah tries it she sounds cheesy.  Erotica&quot; is an album worth buying.
B00004T9VY|5.0|I first bought this album when it came out in 1970, at the ripe and geeky  age of 14. The album stuck out like a sore thumb to my friends amongst all  my Zeppelin, Deep Purple and Alice Cooper albums, but has remained a  special favorite forever. While some people put Cat Stevens into that  folky, James Taylor category, they obviously haven't heard this album,  surely Cat's finest moment. Lyrically and musically, this album is simply  stunning in its composition, from one magical song to the next. I hate to  use the word &quot;dark&quot; or &quot;melancholic&quot; about such an  uplifting album, but in comparison to the other singer-songwriters of the  day, this album is simply in a different league - just listen to the  poignancy in a song like &quot;Sad Lisa&quot; or the simple poetic beauty  of &quot;Into White&quot;. Timeless because we can all relate to the pain  and pleasure of discovering what life is about during the volatility of  youth, and that's what this album so eloquently paints on songs like  &quot;On the road to find out&quot; and &quot;Miles from nowhere&quot;. And  the newly remastered sound is phenomenal - like the music and lyrics  itself, it sounds like it was recorded yesterday. I'm so glad I had the  pleasure of growing up with such a masterpiece.
0440234743|1.0|After reading books like &quot;The Firm&quot; and &quot;Pelican  Brief&quot; I was expecting to be able to pick up any of Grisham's work and  be impressed.  I must say &quot;The Testament&quot; was a bomb.  It might  have been a workable plot but the characters were far too weak and dull to  sustain it.  I kept turning the pages hoping in vain it would get  better....unfortunately it never did.  Save your money and leave this book  on the shelf.
B00000JCOV|2.0|Ok. i bought this disc when it first came out. it was ok. nothing special. then somehow these guys became very popular. why?  they're nothing  special. <br />I saw them perform live at the Tattoo the Earth tour with  slayer. Somehow Slipknot wound up with a 60 minute set, and Slayer, a much  more skilled band, with a 50 minute set. That is an insult that some trendy  &quot;metal&quot; band gets a longer playing time than such an incredible  band as Slayer. This is an OK band, but i find they have a much too  industrial sound than they should. And the lyrics are just boring. And the  masks are irritating...not scary. If you think they are, perhaps buy the  backstreet boys album? If you're simply looking for scary, buy Deicide. If  you want REAL metal...i suggest slayer...maybe even pantera or sepultura.
B000002HMH|5.0|I think Load is a great cd, so is Reload, both of these cds have a much  more personal feeling to them, and they're much darker than the older  albums.  I mean, you can still feel the spirit of Metallica in this album,  they haven't sold out , it's their fans who are afraid of change, that's  the problem.  <br />Buy both Load and Reload you'll love 'EM!!!
B000002KAT|5.0|OK. I'm going to try an interesting experiment here. I'm going to submit the exact same review for two different CDs. The following review applies  to both Bruce Springsteen's &quot;Born to Run&quot; and Van Morrison's  &quot;Astral Weeks.&quot; OK. Here's goes!<br />What we have here is one of  the finest albums ever recorded in the history of rock music. This album  touches the listener very deeply inside, and transports him far, far away,  to another world, where the places and the characters seem so real, and  even beyond real. They seem like legends, like myths - like something you  might read about in a book written by James Joyce or perhaps even Edith  Hamilton. This music represents the very deepest passion, the most intense  love of life, and for living that life to its fullest.<br />There are eight  different songs here. And each of them tells its own story, with its own  characters. Taken together, these eight songs represent a complete song  cycle. There's a beginning, a middle, and an end. And all of it is packed  full - full of intense music, songwriting, lyrics, characters, and events.  Each and every song counts, but it is the whole song cycle, the whole  package, that really matters.<br />Certainly the most intense song here is  track 5. Back in the days of LP records, this was the opening song on the  second side. Of all the songs on the album, this is the one with the most  energy - the most life. It is the climax and peak powerhouse of this epic  work. It is the point on the album when you feel most alive.<br />All of the  songs here are very atmospheric and moody. Listening to this album makes  you feel as if you have been transported away - both in space and in time.  Like the best in literature and the best in film, this album makes you use  your imagination to its fullest extent possible.<br />This album appears to  take place in a small town, isolated from the rest of the world. It's an  intimate place, with dirt roads and a small corner grocery store. Everybody  knows everybody else. There are songs about cars, girls, love, and sex. The  whole album is one ride after another - one adventure after another. But it  all comes together to tell one long story.<br />In 1987, the editors of  Rolling Stone magazine published a list of what they considered to be the  100 best albums of the past 20 years. And this album was in the top 10. And  it deserved to be. This album is one of the most important, most  significant in the history of rock. In 100 years from now, people will  still be listening to this album.<br />A few years ago, the record company  released a greatest hits CD of this singer's music. Don't buy it! Much  better to stick with the original album. This album, in particular,  represents the artist at his creative peak. The songs need to be heard in  this format - on this album. Listen to the music the way the artist  intended it.<br />OK. Well, that's my review. It applies to both &quot;Born to  Run&quot; and &quot;Astral Weeks.&quot; I hope you enjoyed reading it!
0440234743|3.0|I cannot argue against the fact that this novel is definitely a  page-turner and very fast paced, which makes it gripping and exciting.  However, I was bothered by Grisham's ways of degrading the country in which  most of the story took place. I am not from Brazil or the US, but I do  sympathize with the Brazilians because Grisham has made a definite point of  making it look low, poor, dirty, and full of disease. He described its  people as being isolated from the modern world - and I'm not referring to  the tribes, but to the cities - and living in the past. Stating the facts  is one thing, but deliberate lingering over the negative details was a  turn-off. There is also a general negative tone that is carried throughout  the story, but it is quickly overridden by the fast pace of the action.   <br />It is a good story, interesting enough by taking place in the jungle,  but I don't see why Grisham wants to spread a negative viewpoint about  Brazil; there are other ways to make a story interesting without degrading  other countries.
B00000255F|5.0|OK. I'm going to try an interesting experiment here. I'm going to submit the exact same review for two different CDs. The following review applies  to both Bruce Springsteen's &quot;Born to Run&quot; and Van Morrison's  &quot;Astral Weeks.&quot; OK. Here's goes!<br />What we have here is one of  the finest albums ever recorded in the history of rock music. This album  touches the listener very deeply inside, and transports him far, far away,  to another world, where the places and the characters seem so real, and  even beyond real. They seem like legends, like myths - like something you  might read about in a book written by James Joyce or perhaps even Edith  Hamilton. This music represents the very deepest passion, the most intense  love of life, and for living that life to its fullest.<br />There are eight  different songs here. And each of them tells its own story, with its own  characters. Taken together, these eight songs represent a complete song  cycle. There's a beginning, a middle, and an end. And all of it is packed  full - full of intense music, songwriting, lyrics, characters, and events.  Each and every song counts, but it is the whole song cycle, the whole  package, that really matters.<br />Certainly the most intense song here is  track 5. Back in the days of LP records, this was the opening song on the  second side. Of all the songs on the album, this is the one with the most  energy - the most life. It is the climax and peak powerhouse of this epic  work. It is the point on the album when you feel most alive.<br />All of the  songs here are very atmospheric and moody. Listening to this album makes  you feel as if you have been transported away - both in space and in time.  Like the best in literature and the best in film, this album makes you use  your imagination to its fullest extent possible.<br />This album appears to  take place in a small town, isolated from the rest of the world. It's an  intimate place, with dirt roads and a small corner grocery store. Everybody  knows everybody else. There are songs about cars, girls, love, and sex. The  whole album is one ride after another - one adventure after another. But it  all comes together to tell one long story.<br />In 1987, the editors of  Rolling Stone magazine published a list of what they considered to be the  100 best albums of the past 20 years. And this album was in the top 10. And  it deserved to be. This album is one of the most important, most  significant in the history of rock. In 100 years from now, people will  still be listening to this album.<br />A few years ago, the record company  released a greatest hits CD of this singer's music. Don't buy it! Much  better to stick with the original album. This album, in particular,  represents the artist at his creative peak. The songs need to be heard in  this format - on this album. Listen to the music the way the artist  intended it.<br />OK. Well, that's my review. It applies to both &quot;Born to  Run&quot; and &quot;Astral Weeks.&quot; I hope you enjoyed reading it!cery store. Everybody  knows everybody else. There are songs about cars, girls, love, and sex. The  whole album is one ride after another - one adventure after another. But it  all comes together to tell one long story.<br />In 1987, the editors of  Rolling Stone magazine published a list of what they considered to be the  100 best albums of the past 20 years. And this album was in the top 10. And  it deserved to be. This album is one of the most important, most  significant in the history of rock. In 100 years from now, people will  still be listening to this album.<br />A few years ago, the record company  released a greatest hits CD of this singer's music. Don't buy it! Much  better to stick with the original album. This album, in particular,  represents the artist at his creative peak. The songs need to be heard in  this format - on this album. Listen to the music the way the artist  intended it.<br />OK. Well, that's my review. It applies to both &quot;Born to  Run&quot; and &quot;Astral Weeks.&quot; I hope you enjoyed reading it!
B00004XPP0|5.0|I am so happy that the starwars movies are being released again. I have been trying to get a copy. You can't get one anywere. Nowonder they have  been released so meny times, they are always running out.
0790742780|5.0|If nothing else, this movie shows the versatility of Michael Douglas' acting ability.  Best known for straight dramatic roles, he has  demonstrated his ability to branch out and do something that not just any  actor could pull off.  The movie is a look at modern day LA as it really is  and Douglas' dark mood blends well with the background.  Watch this movie  and you will catch yourself thinking, &quot;man, I've wanted to do that  myself.&quot;  FALLING DOWN will leave you emotionally drained and sad.  It  accomplishes what it set out to do.
B00004SCX6|5.0|Britney Spears debut album, ...Baby One More Time was full of peppy songs alright, but her voice was really weak!  Oops!...I Did It Again has the  best songs in the world, and her voice is 'Stronger'! Britney is holding  long notes with power, and still manages to pull through with this awesome  CD.<br />Some standout tracks are:<br />&quot;Oops!...I Did It Again&quot;- you  know that one!; <br />&quot;Stronger&quot;- the girl power turn-around of  &quot;...Baby&quot;;  <br />&quot;Don't GO Knockin' On My Door&quot;- the  R&amp;B flavored fun track; <br />&quot;Don't Let Me Be The Last To  Know&quot;- the almost country-ish ballad; <br />&quot;Satisfaction&quot;- I  don't care what other people think: I've never heard the original, but this  is great! ;<br />&quot;What U See (Is What U Get)&quot;- I must pause to read  you a lyric: &quot;...you should never try to change me, I can be nobody  else, and I like the way I am...&quot;;<br />&quot;Lucky&quot;- my all time  favorite!  50's beat;<br />and &quot;Where Are You Now&quot;- the emotion  filled ballad;<br />Britney Spears should be happy to know that she has just  earned herself a new fan...ME!
B000001EAQ|5.0|Much like Achtung Baby and Zooropa before it, this album is an absolute  work of genius. The sonic landscape is breathtaking and truely varied with  lyrics that are very intelligent and are among Bono's best.<br />However, this  is not an album for the casual listener. It is very demanding and requires  a devoted ear. <br />Perhaps my favorite U2 album....right up there with  Achtung Baby.
B00003CXFV|5.0|Julia Roberts and Albert Finney bring a nonsexual chemistry to the screen that crackles with humor, grit, and raw determination.  The effortless  acting drew me into this David and Goliath-type story as Brockovich takes  on PG&amp;E.<br />Brockovich, a single mother, starts off in a survival  mode, trying to pay the bills and provide for her kids, but when her  straight forward personality lands her in the thick of ethical violations  by PG&amp;E, she can't help but fight for the victims.  Her ability to  relate to these people is the axis on which the impending lawsuit turns;  her ability to weasel her way into her boss's fatherly heart enables her to  continue in a fight many would've deemed hopeless.<br />The humor was  effective throughout, softening me for the emotional scenes--directed with  subtlety by Steven Soderburgh.  The up and down relationship between  George, a neighboring biker, and Brockovich adds depth to her struggles and  emotions.<br />Sure, the movie has a lot of foul language, but it's an honest  depiction of a real woman, and it's hard to imagine her pushing her way to  the top of this dog-heap without just such grittiness.  She pulls no  punches, and neither does this movie. Don't miss it!
B00004TL21|5.0|Hard rock bands are traditionally not given much credit for being  &quot;orignal&quot;, &quot;innovative&quot; or even worth taking seriously.  In the years since its inception, the scene has been saturated by overly  morbid, frightening creations like Black Sabbath and Iron Maiden, loud,  excessive, talentless drivel like Motley Crue or Winger, cheesy sappy  balladeers like Firehouse and Bon Jovi, and loud, mindless rap-rock  spin-offs like Limp Bizkit, Kid Rock and a host of many other  &quot;new&quot; hard rock acts. Clearly, the cynicism is well-founded. <br />  There is, however, a hard rock band raising the standard and their name is  the Deftones, whose latest offering &quot;White Pony&quot; comes closer to  Dark Side of the Moon or OK Computer than say Bon Jovi's &quot;Slippery  When Wet&quot; or Limp Bizkit's awful &quot;Significant Other&quot;-- this  is to say its an effort worth noting. <br /> The Deftones, fronted by vocalist  Chino Moreno are notorious for having a loud, abrasive bass heavy sound  similar to Korn, and certainly there are moments on the recording such as  on the songs &quot;Elite&quot;, &quot;Feticceria&quot;, &quot;Street  Carp&quot; and &quot;Korea&quot; in which the Deftones reach a Korn-esque  level of intensity and ferocity, much like they did on tunes &quot;Engine  No. 9&quot; from their debut Adrenaline and &quot;Headup&quot; and  &quot;Lotion&quot; found on 1997's Around the Fur. However, the real gems  are found when the Deftones steer clear of relentlessly dark, heavy riffs  and evil growls in favor of some more varied progressions and vocal  stylings. Songs such as &quot;RX Queen&quot;, &quot;Digital Bath&quot;,  &quot;Teenager&quot;, &quot;Pink Maggit&quot; and current single  &quot;Change (In the House of Flies)&quot; are all fine examples of this. A  distinct difference is found too in the lyrics, which highlight far more  feeling and true emotion than Limp Bizkit's aggressive, testerone-driven  excrement they call lyricsor Korn's endless lines of self-pity found  throughout their songs. And, they do it with surprising tunefulness, melody  and grace (especially for a hard rock band).     Like most prominent rock  bands, the Deftones lead vocalist grabs the most attention, and with such  an impressive range, why shouldn't he? At times on tracks like  &quot;Teenager&quot; and &quot;Digital Bath&quot; his voice mirrors  Radiohead's Tom Yorke beautiful, vulnerable high-pitched falsetto while on  others his enraged scowls and growls like the loud, emphatic &quot;NO! Its  not like I care!&quot; which opens &quot;Street Carp&quot; leaves an  equally lasting impression that Moreno has impressive range. <br /> In a way,  the album is a hard-rock version of Dark Side of the Moon or OK Computer as  the music flows so well together and takes so many different stylistic and  auditorily frightening, unexpected twists and turns, the two spookiest  being the high-pitched falsetto scream heard on &quot;Knife Party&quot; and  &quot;Passenger&quot; the band's haunting, lurching collaboration with Tool  and A Perfect Circle vocalist Maynard James Keenan. The record as a whole  carries this same spooky, darkly intense vibe even as the music fluctuates  from angry and deafening to spooky and beautiful, perhaps the main thrust  that makes listening to this record such an exhilarating, memorable  experience.     While their debut album Adrenaline was an aptly named  collection of loud, ferocious riffs and even louder, more intense growling  and Around the Fur a continuation of the same loud, ferocious,  feedback-drenched mayhem, White Pony, their third album, marks the full  evolution of the Deftones as a band. And, in essence, they have  accomplished what bands hope to do with a third record by honing in on the  strengths of previous efforts while still unleashing new tricks to keep  things interesting. They have done that and more with White Pony.     For a  genre usually plagued by overly-cliched rock cheesiness, noise, and bad  hair, the Deftones show great promise with their ultra unique brand of  spooky, dark, intense yet exhilarating hard rock. &quot;Tonight I feel like  more...&quot; go the lyrics to &quot;Digital Bath&quot; and how appropriate  they are. After hearing White Pony, you'll certainly feel like more and  you'll expect more from the rest of the &quot;new&quot; hard rock pack. The  standard has been set.
B000002HPV|5.0|Never mind the fact that Bjork recently won the Best Actress award at the  Cannes Film Festival. (go girrrl!)I always knew she was brilliant in every  aspect. But her true calling is and always will be music.  Having been a  Bjork fan since her days with the Sugarcubes, I am well informed on her  musical styles.  I was not the least bit surprised with Debut, Post nor  Telegram. But Homogenic just blew me away. After my initial playing of the  album I was actually a little disapppointed. I was looking for the dope  dance beats of her previous albums. But after a few more listens, I  realized the genius behind Homogenic.   Bjork takes classical strings and  combines them with great techno and funk beats, creating music unlike  anything you have ever heard. It is indeed a musical journey, from the  Bolero-like beats of Hunter, to the trippy All Is Full of Love. Bjork has  outdone herself with this album, and I can't wait to hear what she'll  conjure up next.
B00000J2PH|5.0|I'm nearly 30 years late in discovering this classic landmark 70s album,  but contrary to Carole's advice, better late than never. The songs are of  such consistently high quality it's not hard to understand why  &quot;Tapestry&quot; was judged the perfect singer-songwriter album of the  era. Rather than build to a climax, Carole knocks you out early with three  of the album's most potent compositions (&quot;I Feel The Earth Move&quot;,  &quot;So Far Away&quot;, and &quot;It's Too Late&quot;). These are tough  songs to follow, but she manages nicely enough, with the (then) new cuts  succeeding better than the familiar - you keep hearing the Shirelles' and  Aretha Franklin's original hit versions in your head and comparing.  Nevertheless, Carole does score the best version yet of &quot;You've Got A  Friend&quot;, which boasts a lovely piano played by the lady herself. Dusty  Springfield offers a splendidly soulful interpretation of  &quot;Friend&quot; on her &quot;Dusty In Memphis - Deluxe&quot; set, but  for my money, Carole's is still the definitive version. Forget about James  Taylor's or Barbra Streisand's attempts. They don't come near. Only on  &quot;Home Alone&quot; does her awkward and technically flawed singing  voice grate (listen to her sing &quot;snow is cold and rain is  wet....&quot;) but you quickly recover and don't allow this mild irritation  to spoil your enjoyment of this great album. You even get a session outtake  as one of two bonus tracks and it's no disgrace. For those who've heard of  the legendary &quot;Tapestry&quot; album but haven't checked it out, wait  no more. Go get it !
0684803356|5.0|Therefore never send to know for whom the bell tolls; It tolls for thee-exactly what was Donne conveying to us? The fortuitous nature of  existence, or the unbiased treatment of fate, or the luring equivocation of  individuality?  In the pitifully short three days, no, better be accurate,  two and a half days during a crucial advance for the republic forces in  Spain, Hemingway leads us toward the bullpen, behind which hid a chimera  that is to hunt us all our lives with the echo of Donne's famed line.   <br />Hemingway draws every little details together as a pounding fist-beating  recursive chimes into the readers' ears. And with the slower, more  passionate journey into Jordan's memory and future in a way, we become  enthralled as well to the question of choice. How will he choose? Jordan, a  formal Spanish professor in the University of Montana, chooses to foresake  the capitalist luxury of America and pursues the life as a republic  dynamiter in Spain. <br />There is no question of individuality, only a  question of choice, a choice between masses and not identities.  All this  remains intact until Robert's own vision is no longer able to see between  simple black and white in the Spanish mountains where he prepares to blow  up a bridge during a republic offensive. His comrades are not all  communists, nor are his enemies all fascists; these men die not for an  ideal, but for an idea. And as he grows to love the rough Spaniards around  him: shrewd yet cowardly Pablo, thoughtful hunter Ansemlo, strong and  foreseeing Pilar, and most of all, a young woman ravaged many times by  fascist soldiers, Jordan starts to doubt the path he chooses. And between  life and death, ideal and reality, he waivers.<br />Pablo is a sharp thread  that seams between characters and draws Jordan on with questions; he  appears cowardly despite his heroic records as a guerilla leader, and his  own dawdling conviction towards the idea of republic pricks Jordan's own  sense of duty. Especially with more and more emotional involvement  (dependency) on Maria's love, Jordan is wondering whether enough killing is  enough killing for a vague concept. Pablo's seemingly growing discontent,  as a part of a mass, is complemented by his woman Pilar's undying strength.  She reads palms and smells death, and it is through her strong faith in the  union of freedom seekers that the guerrilla group stays together. But  exactly \\"for whom\\" the bell tolls? For the Spaniards who shed blood among  themselves with visible strings from Moscow? Yes, warfare befalls all, no  one is missed by the silent blow although some can smell its scent and  others shun its path. A dangerous sadness identifies Pablo while an  optimistic cheerfulness characterizes Pilar, why are they essentially the  same \\"lot\\" then? Because Hemingway shows us, through the interaction of  specter of differences, a single vibration enlivens every frequency on the  scale. Robert Jordan is a mere node not knowing which direction to lean  towards, especially as he is starting to doubt the vibration. <br />America  hasn't had her share of good wars, but what happens in one war is reflected  in the next, or isn't it? If one strong man's mentality comes tumbling down  because the buttress isn't strong enough, why shouldn't the next one fumble  as well? It tolls for thee, and there are a million \\"thee\\" out there  blindly believing they are the only \\"thee\\". They hear the same ringing,  although each believes he is able to distinguish a unique frequency; and  they die, their deaths as mere statistics. Thus it is actually an oxymoron  Hemingway presents through Robert Jordan's developing anxieties; he feels  \\"tricked\\" into believing the impact he himself can make in the war, as a  part of a hovering mass, instead, he recovers pieces of individuality when  he is physically and emotionally removed from the same mass. So at the  beginning, he lays on one stretch of pine forest floor and hears this bell  chime callinghim to begin, he joins the guerilla band; at the end, he is  wounded and is left behind to lay on the same stretch of pine forest floor,  and he hears this bell chime calling him to end. The integration and  disintegration mark his journey from blindness to sight. <br />Two and a half  days, who ever lives out their entire existence in such a short period?  Jordan does, and he sees so far into the pattern of living that he does  regret the ultimate choice he makes, not as a soldier, or a leftist, but as  a man redeemed through the moral bath of contemplation.
B000002H4Q|4.0|Hi--This isn't really a review.  I just wanted to correct the  &quot;editorial comments&quot; above.  I bought this album when it first  came out--on vinyl, a double album.  I don't think in 1987 CDs were  anything more than a new format--Smith didn't have it in mind when creating  this album.<br />The album is great--get it.
B00000GJ2B|5.0|There's really not much more to be said. This is my favorite movie of all  time and I don't think anyone could disagree that Robert De Niro gave an  astouding performance. The boxing scenes are one of a kind and the story of  Jake La Motta is highly compelling or disgusting, however you look at it.  One part of the movie that made it work so well that's not often mentioned  is Paul Schrader's outstanding screenplay which helped to launch the trend  towards &quot;gritty realism&quot; in Hollywood, along with Scorcese's  other films, Mean Streets and Taxi Driver.  Truly a monument in film  making. See it.
6305910103|4.0|This film was much closer to what Star Trek fans and indeed, even non-Trek fans expected. That is kind of a schizoid fact, but is true nevertheless.  The cast and Director, Nick Meyer must have sensed they were creating  something good and the result is an operatic stew of ideas that hits the  target on nearly every level. 'Khan' became the template by which all good  Star Trek films and television would forever be judged. Shatner and  especially Montalban turn in fine performances but you have to watch them,  I think, with the realisation that some of the dialogue drips with almost  tongue-in-cheek, black humor. But that's okay, this is Space Opera. This  film also contains my favorite portrayal of Spock. Nimoy imbues him with  such grace, sly humor and courage we truly are devastated by Spock's death  scene. For a character who prided himself on the control of emotions, we  lose control of ours as we watch his (that word again) operatic demise. And  like true opera, sometimes death is not final. My major beef? The silly,  pseudo-scientific, virtually fantasy magick of the 'Genesis Device'. Even  by Star Trek standards it was very far fetched.
B000002VCZ|4.0|As a true diehard Alan Parsons fan (I have all his albums), I was a little  disappointed in &quot;Vulture Culture.&quot;  It may be because by this  time Alan seemed to be losing focus on some of his arrangements, and his  lyrics began dissolving into meandering gibberish.  But please don't take  this as entirely negative.  The album does have some gems:  &quot;Let's  Talk About Me&quot;, a marvelous plea for recognition; &quot;Days Are  Numbers,&quot; a tuneful and pensive look at the life on the road; and  &quot;Same Old Sun&quot; an appropriate closing to the set.  &quot;Hawkeye&quot; is the obligatory Parsons instrumental, but it is not  nearly as imaginative as some of his earlier instrumentals like  &quot;Pipeline,&quot; &quot;I Robot&quot; and &quot;Voyager.&quot;  However, even a mediocre AP release is better than 90% of the junk now  filling the CD racks!  Worth a listen!<br />Michael Butts
B000000W3G|3.0|This box set catches the Smashing Pumpkins at arguably the band's most creative period in the mid-1990s, and certainly the height of its commercial success. Experimentation and more non-traditional Pumpkin  sounds were the order of the day on this five-CD set.<br /><br />Disc one (\\"Bullet With Butterfly Wings\\") contains strictly cover songs that fall lamentably short at  times, due to a synthesized, overproduced sound. \\"Said Sadly\\" is way too sugary and sappy, with substandard and feeble vocals from both James Iha and D'arcy -- neither musician a Bono behind the microphone. \\"A Night Like This\\" feels just as listless, and only a Cars song and the tune \\"Clones\\" really save this trashy disc from the trash bin. The Missing Persons' awesome \\"Destination Unknown\\" is completely butchered to processed bits, plus sung horribly by Billy Corgan. Thankfully, the cover of Deborah Harry's \\"Dreaming\\" does end the first disc on a solid note.<br /><br />In the final analysis, disc two (\\"1979\\") is average material. Songs such as \\"Ugly,\\" \\"Cherry\\" and \\"Believe\\" are the most boring tunes this band ever churned out. On the flip side, worthy songs on this disc are the peppy \\"The Boy,\\" written and sung by a lovelorn James Iha, and \\"Set the Ray to Jerry,\\" a mellow song that is definite A-side material.<br /><br />Disc three (\\"Zero\\") is where the music begins to pick up, finally starting to rock out. This little disc would have made a fine EP release all on its own. The tunes \\"God,\\" \\"Mouths of Babes,\\" \\"Marquis in Spades\\" and \\"Pennies\\" are definite A-side material, and call to mind some of the band's early guitar-fuzzed glory. This is the best disc of the set, heavy on guitar, angry at times but tuneful as always. Perhaps the coolest part of the whole box set occurs on the 20-minute-plus \\"Pastichio Medley,\\" a barely organized hodge-podge of hard and soft snippets (some of them achingly too brief) recorded in the studio between [[ASIN:B000000WJZ Siamese Dream]] and [[ASIN:B000000WA4 Mellon Collie and the Infinite Sadness]]. The barrage of cut-up songs is an in-your-face reminder of  the talent, desire and productivity this band mustered throughout its heyday.<br /><br />Disc four (\\"Tonight, Tonight\\") contains interesting and quirky acoustic songs, some of them quite pleasant. There's a feathery touch to this disc, but without the sappy feel of a James Iha-written song. The reprise of \\"Tonight, Tonight\\" is a lonely acoustic version with close vocals, which actually gives the regular studio version a run for its money.<br /><br />The best thing about disc five (\\"Thirty-Three\\") is the beautiful single \\"Thirty-Three,\\" plus the rocking and epic \\"Aeroplane Flies High,\\" which was a potential radio single in its own right. The rest of this disc is a bit second rate, not terrible necessarily, but a little lame and lightweight by 1990s Smashing Pumpkins standards. \\"Transformer\\" shows signs of life, and the cover of \\"My Blue Heaven\\" is a sweet lounge-room ditty that is pulled off well.<br /><br />Overall, this box set may not convert anyone who didn't enjoy the Pumpkins in the first place. Nonetheless, it was the perfect release to satiate the taste of Pumpkin-hungry fans at the band's commercial height, and it showed creativity, experimentation and a different side to the Smashing Pumpkins.dness]]. The barrage of cut-up songs is an in-your-face reminder of  the talent, desire and productivity this band mustered throughout its heyday.     Disc four (\\"Tonight, Tonight\\") contains interesting and quirky acoustic songs, some of them quite pleasant. There's a feathery touch to this disc, but without the sappy feel of a James Iha-written song. The reprise of \\"Tonight, Tonight\\" is a lonely acoustic version with close vocals, which actually gives the regular studio version a run for its money.    The best thing about disc five (\\"Thirty-Three\\") is the beautiful single \\"Thirty-Three,\\" plus the rocking and epic \\"Aeroplane Flies High,\\" which was a potential radio single in its own right. The rest of this disc is a bit second rate, not terrible necessarily, but a little lame and lightweight by 1990s Smashing Pumpkins standards. \\"Transformer\\" shows signs of life, and the cover of \\"My Blue Heaven\\" is a sweet lounge-room ditty that is pulled off well.    Overall, this box set may not convert anyone who didn't enjoy the Pumpkins in the first place. Nonetheless, it was the perfect release to satiate the taste of Pumpkin-hungry fans at the band's commercial height, and it showed creativity, experimentation and a different side to the Smashing Pumpkins.
6302238331|2.0|This movie is terrible! This movie deserves one star for the greatest car chase in film history &amp; the other for Gene Hackman's performance.  &quot;French Connection&quot; is very uninteresting &amp; boring at most  times. It is not an intelligent movie &amp; the characters are weak.
B000002U9W|3.0|Let's call a spade a spade: This is not a 5-star album. Still, credit should be given to Pink Floyd for growing, experimenting and continuing to attempt other realms of music, this time classical. The title track, \\"Atom Heart Mother,\\" is actually an ambitious piece that comes off pretty well after a few listens. Molded, crafted and primarily created by composer Ron Geesin, the 23-minute track offers a plethora of interesting noises: a boldly anthemic sound gradually slows to a sparkling choir, which turns to free-form jazz and later Syd Barrett-styled noises (see [[ASIN:B000002UA0 The Piper at the Gates of Dawn]]). Closing the song out is the Geesin-composed brass section that is full of heart and brashness, yet may sound clunky to today's listeners. I suppose it's all how you view it. These guys were experimenting musically, and you can't deny the beauty of the John Aldiss Choir that permeates the song one-third of the way through. Overall, \\"Atom Heart Mother\\" is probably the best song on the album.<br /><br />The rest of the album is spiritless and dry. \\"If\\" by Roger Waters has tender vocals that are actually confessional, apologetic and realistic, traits that the dogmatic Waters has not always displayed throughout his career with Floyd. Though he offers the best of the short tunes within the middle of the CD, Waters' contribution is not one to necessarily write home about. \\"Summer '68\\" by Richard Wright fares worse. Why does this guy's songs always sound the most dated in the Floyd catalog? \\"Summer '68\\" is Wright's mundane take on one-night-stands, ruined by an over-the-top chorus that would sound at home on [[ASIN:B000002U9Y A Saucerful of Secrets]], where Wright's other two clunky songs are collecting dust. For an album that went out on a limb to broaden its sonic horizons, Wright stuck with the golden-age pop he knew best. Even the worthy [[ASIN:B000ELJBAK David Gilmour]] comes up short on his own song, \\"Fat Old Sun,\\" where he sounds mournful, reflective and languid, actually years ahead of his young age at the time. Gilmour's guitar sounds as good as ever, but overall, the song is laborious. Sorry Dave.<br /><br />The album signs off with the bizarre \\"Alan's Psychadelic Breakfast,\\" where crystal-clear noises are heard everywhere. It begins with a man making breakfast amid rising music that starts, evolves, changes and stops altogether -- you simply don't know what will happen next. At 12-plus minutes, it's a little sketchy and slow, not on par with other epic  Floyd tunes. As the mystery man eats (pigs out and grunts would be a  better way to describe it), some nice guitars by Gilmour accompany him.  It's just hard to categorize or comment on such songs like this. Pink Floyd simply did whatever they wanted. If the band members felt like frying eggs around their music and putting it on album, then that's what they did. Some of the best moments on \\"Atom Heart Mother\\" occur in the last four to five minutes. At last, an actual tuneful and coherent musical moment is happening, everyone playing in cohesion. There's great guitar, piano and drums, no weird noises or singing by anybody. It's a good finale, but fittingly, the album ends with the stuffed chap full of food, cleaning up the kitchen and mumbling one last sentence. As the album fades out, the last thing you hear on this strange record is his sink draining. And so it goes.actually years ahead of his young age at the time. Gilmour's guitar sounds as good as ever, but overall, the song is laborious. Sorry Dave.    The album signs off with the bizarre \\"Alan's Psychadelic Breakfast,\\" where crystal-clear noises are heard everywhere. It begins with a man making breakfast amid rising music that starts, evolves, changes and stops altogether -- you simply don't know what will happen next. At 12-plus minutes, it's a little sketchy and slow, not on par with other epic  Floyd tunes. As the mystery man eats (pigs out and grunts would be a  better way to describe it), some nice guitars by Gilmour accompany him.  It's just hard to categorize or comment on such songs like this. Pink Floyd simply did whatever they wanted. If the band members felt like frying eggs around their music and putting it on album, then that's what they did. Some of the best moments on \\"Atom Heart Mother\\" occur in the last four to five minutes. At last, an actual tuneful and coherent musical moment is happening, everyone playing in cohesion. There's great guitar, piano and drums, no weird noises or singing by anybody. It's a good finale, but fittingly, the album ends with the stuffed chap full of food, cleaning up the kitchen and mumbling one last sentence. As the album fades out, the last thing you hear on this strange record is his sink draining. And so it goes.
B00004LN16|5.0|It took some time and some doing but AC/DC - the band which never really  goes away - are back with a bang and then some. This lot haven't been this  exuberantly fiery in a very long time, though they were never exactly  lamers. But everything that was memorable and vital about the band in the  first place is back where it belongs. Brian Johnson's voice is at its best  strength since &quot;Flick Of The Switch&quot;; the Young brothers are  swinging their guitar tandem - nimble rhythm guitarist Malcolm, agile but  understated lead guitarist Angus - as though they'd come up from suspended  animation, and the rhythm section puts a boot in the right places. After  enough false starts and halting stops in the 1990s, what began with  &quot;The Razor's Edge&quot; continues here. So AC/DC haven't really  changed in a quarter of a century? Ask yourself which of the  &quot;trendsetters&quot; is still going to be around and wanted after equal  time has passed. They're not exactly accusing AC/DC of selling their  souls...nor should they. The frontrunners in the crowds of the more chic  metal bands could learn an awful lot from AC/DC. Again.
B0000214F2|1.0|The central message and theme of this movie is true...Doctors should care about their patients, but the movie chooses to attack many practices and  institutions in the medical profession that are there for good reasons, or  are not within the individual doctor's individual ability to fix such as the  HMO/insurance problem.    It is a fundamental dogma of western medicine for  a doctor to never supercede a patient's wish to privacy, something that  Patch decides to ignore.  While in the case of the movie, it works for the  audience, in real life a doctor legally, ethically and morally should never ever have that right.     Other problems I had with the movie   1) Patch  suprisingly scares a patient on intensive care (he could've killed the  patient)   2) Patch steals medical supplies from a hospital    3)Patch's  girlfriend dies because Patch chose to ignore some medical practices which  he and the movie scorns such as background checks and patient histories    4) There are many recorded cases of Doctors becoming emotionally close to  their patients => in many cases violating a patient's peace of mind  should the relationship go awry.  This is an issue the movie chooses to  ignore.   5) Patch greets a medical conference with 2 giant ladies legs  leading to large double doors in the center of them.  While this maybe  funny @ a fraternity party, it isn't appropriate for a team of  gynecologists.  I mean seriously, if you had a gynecological disorder and your doc did something like that, you're either going to get the joke & be able to laugh or not get it & be very very mad.  You think docs should be doing things that are going to get 50% of their patients mad at them?  6) Patch, in  an attempt to garner humor makes fun of a schizophrenic patient who's arm  is pointing upwards.  This ridicule could actually deepen the patient's  schizophrenic withdrawal from reality, but for the audience that doesn't understand this, oh wow, that's real funny man.   While this movie garnered many  laughs and warm emotions from most of the audience who does not understand  the institution, as a medical student and hopeful future doctor, I wish it  took a more serious and open minded view on the practices it chose to  attack.     Robin Williams' movie AWAKENINGS is a better movie that does  just that.  Patch Adams-the real man has done some incredible & humanitarian work that I respect.  The movie is separate.  This movie is for the masses.  Its too simplistic & not realistic for those seriously trying to incorporate more humanity into medicine.    If you want to see a comedy-drama that more realistically & effectively portrays doctors that want to incorporate needed humanitarianism into medicine--watch M*A*S*H or Awakenings.        Other than that, this movie is just way too predictable.
B000002JST|4.0|What &quot;High Voltage&quot; promised, and &quot;Dirty Deeds Done Dirt Cheap&quot; (which actually was their second album; this one was the second  U.S. release) almost reneged upon, &quot;Let There Be Rock&quot; delivers  full force. Maybe one or two of the songs are weak even by AC/DC's  admittedly basic standards of songwriting, but there is no questioning the  firepower of this band. Granted, &quot;Whole Lotta Rosie,&quot; &quot;Hell  Ain't A Bad Place To Be&quot; and the title track get better treatment on  their in-concert &quot;If You Want Blood...&quot; of a few years later, but  there isn't a let-up to be found on this set. This is also where Angus  Young truly begins delivering the goods which got him his reputation as one  of the most understatedly quintessential of metallic guitarists of his  time.
B00003CX5P|2.0|Phantom Menace may have had unfair expectations to live upto being the most anticipated sequel in film history, but expectations aside, this movie  was mediocre.    So many of the strengths of the Star Wars series, the  interpersonal relationships, humor, mystique and cavalier adventure is not  in this film.  Every character in the film speaks in monotone except for  the annoying Jar Jar Binks who has more lines than Liam Neeson's Qui Gon  Jinn, the Force, once seen as an all powerful, romantic spiritual power is  now reduced to phenomenon that occurs because of intracellular  metaclurites.     The storyline seems immature and childish.  The true  potential of many characters including Darth Maul and Qui Gonn are not  explored to any acceptable potential.    What saves the film from being  truly terrible is its breathtaking cinematography, computer generated  landscapes and the fabulous lightsabre duel between 2 Light Jedis and a  Sith Lord (that unfortunately is chopped with intermissions of Jar Jar  trying to be funny).    Using George Lucas's own words, &quot;special  effects without a good storyline is boring&quot;.  Maybe George forgot  this, or maybe he and his company Lucasfilm have set a ball rolling that  has so increased the level and breadth of film making that it even  surpassed the old master's abilities.    Hopefully Lucas won't let us down  with Episode II.
B000002JSZ|4.0|Slightly stronger material than the unjustly maligned &quot;For Those  About To Rock&quot; and the band's usual riff-and-roll crunch and terminal  hormonalism. From this point forward, comparing Brian Johnson to Bon Scott  is for the recalcitrant only. (Unfortunately, they remain in force to this  day. So what to do? Easy - figure out a way to filter out the vocals and  just revel in the shamelessly raw power of the band.)
B00003CWNR|3.0|Lasse Halstrom's adaptation of John Irving's &quot;The Cider House Rules&quot; is the first example of the author completing a screenplay of  his work. He has clearly seen such travesties as &quot;The Hotel New  Hampshire&quot; and &quot;Simon Birch&quot; (based on &quot;A Prayer for  Owen Meaney&quot;) and decided that enough is enough - time to get it  right. However on this occasion, while certainly improving on the  aforementioned two films, he still loses some of the skewed humour and  tragedy of the original novel.<br />Irving, the author, has produced works of  Dickensian genius so it is sad to see this watered down version. It does  contain some brilliant acting with Michael Caine proving he can do more  than the smart alec Cockney's that are his trademark and Delroy Lindo,  whose Mr Rose has a horrifying secret, still has the audience empathising  with his fate. However Tobey Maguire does not engage sufficiently as the  young hero Homer Wells - just a little too clean cut.<br />If you want to see  a great Irving adaptation, then Robin Williams in &quot;The World According  To Garp&quot; is still the best out there. One hopes that Mr Irving will  have another look and perhaps be involved with a film that really does  justice to his superb oeuvre.
B000002JNN|4.0|AC/DC certainly started the 1990s with a bang. Too bad it took them a  decade to pick up where this one left off (with &quot;Stiff Upper  Lip&quot;). You have to admire a band which for the most part has kept it  no frills all these years. You can carp if you want about how little if any  they've changed, but there is something to be said for that kind of thing  in more ways than one. Some dare call it consistency. Especially when they  take it to a live performance arena.
B00003CWTI|5.0|With &quot;Magnolia&quot;, Paul Thomas Anderson was filmed a broad canvas, with a number of intertwining stories in Los Angeles - from Phillip Baker  Hall's quiz show host, John C. Reilly's unlucky in love cop and Tom  Cruise's reptilian male empowerment guru, each character is confronted and  tries to cope with the horrifying reality of daily life or in some cases  death.<br />For such an ambitious film, one would expect some of the  characters and their stories to be lost but Anderson does not allow us to  linger too long as he swiftly moves from story to story. He elicits superb  performances from all his actors with the standouts being Julianne Moore as  the gold-digging wife of Jason Robards who suddenly develops a conscience  and the aforementioned Cruise, who finally ditches his good guy image to  portray a misogynistic self-help guru teaching men to 'tame' their women.  However the best performance comes from the always excellent William H.  Macy - his love for a brainless barman is heartbreaking as are his inept  attempts to procure the money for some oral surgery. He invests his  character, Donnie, a former child quiz show star with pathos and despair  and we cannot help but feel for him.<br />Those who see Anderson as the great  hope for American cinema are not too wide off the mark. After his excellent  &quot;Boogie Nights&quot;, he has progressed with a scintillating work of  genius that will have a certain Mr Altman proudly acknowledging his true  heir.
B0000027K7|3.0|&quot;Climbing&quot; made Mountain the band recording stars. (The name  derived from Leslie West's first solo album, on which Felix Pappalardi had  played as well as produced; they formed Mountain the band to tour on that  and went from there.) &quot;Mississippi Queen&quot; remains perhaps the  all-time heavy metal radio cruncher; &quot;Theme For An Imaginary  Western&quot; and &quot;Never In My Life&quot; are practically its equals  for firepower, though the former is a shimmering ballad (written by  ex-Cream bassist Jack Bruce for his own first solo album) with a  classically melodious guitar break. From there, it's a question of reaching  - the songs aren't exactly equal to the first three, though the band's  playing is pretty solid, mostly. Not to worry, though - this was really a  warm-up for the best album of their career, &quot;Nantucket  Sleighride&quot;...THAT was Mountain climbing and getting there.
B000000Y59|5.0|For those of you who love unusual chord voicings which are very difficult  to imitate on the piano, try listening to this album especially the slower  pieces. Then if you haven't had enough, get Moonbeams as well.  The chords  which are very unpredictable will rattle your brain and you'll start  thinking how he did them, what notes he played for this chord and what you  have to study to play like him.  Left-handed Bill Evans had something going  with chords and harmony. With his right hand to supply more  &quot;wrong&quot; notes, the effect is outrageous.  Try listening to just  his chords and this album will never ever tire you.  Up to now it's  difficult to find a similar pianist.
B000002JS6|5.0|&quot;Back In Black&quot; may not exactly be the best rock and roll album  of all time, but it is hands down the best album of AC/DC's career. That  they cut it in the immediate wake of Bon Scott's death, while the band was  well enough still in mourning, makes it even more striking an achievement.  But - and I know, this will likely infuriate Scott's fans - as critical as  Scott was to helping make AC/DC's reputation and niche, Brian Johnson, his  reluctant replacement, is simply a better singer and a slightly less  solipsistic lyricist. Factor in that the band consciously elected to make a  kind of memorial to their late singer and you've got a powerhouse that  clicked with people who probably never gave them a second thought  previously. (Nearly every one of the band's previous albums caught a second  wind of sales on the power of this one.) &quot;You Shook Me All Night  Long&quot; cracked the Top 40 in the U.S. for the first time in AC/DC's  career, and they earned it. The title track is wholly worthy of the best  side of Scott; and &quot;Let Me Put My Love Right Into You&quot; is a  masterpiece of schoolboy lust which immediately kicks the band onto the  level Scott, vital as he was, only dreamed of kicking. Say if you must that  they kept on improving but never say they got better: AC/DC just doesn't  GET better than this album. Unless you've heard practically any of their  live albums, and know that where these guys nail it best is in a concert  performance.
B00003CXHJ|3.0|I think a European's opinion is needed here. While the film is rather entertaining, it's a complete piece of Hollywood fantasy and is selling  Americans as doing things they never did! The British actually got hold of  the device by the way! I have no problem with Hollywood indulging in  fantasies. But younger audiences are going to believe films like this as  being &quot;fact&quot; and THAT'S really sad!
B00000JCB2|1.0|First of all, I am not an angry older Limp Bizkit fan that thinks they sold out. Sure they did get a lot of play on MTV and the radio, but that  doesn't make the music any different. I do think MTV does kill most good  bands, like they did to Korn and are now practicing on Incubus and the  Deftones. Significant Other was just a bad CD. Fred can't rap or sing,  although he is a very talented screamer, as you can hear on the last album,  but when he tries to be melodic here, it doesn't work. Wes's guitar work is  not very good at all, reminding one of the dullness of Korn's Munky. Sam's  bass is great, and the only part (or member) of this band that I do like.  He's no god at it (Les Claypool or Flea are examples of this) but he is  fairly good and is pretty enjoyable to listen to. DJ Lethal always sounds  the same scratching wise, and I don't think he is very creative like DJ  1987, DJ Kilmore, or DJ Shadow. John is a bad drummer, as his drumming is  very typical and basic, and I know many underground drummers that are far  better. The songs lack much substance, and it is hard to get into most of  them. There is too much rap here, and this really tears it down. There  aren't really and metallic edges as usual, as they are replaced by stupid,  repeated little samples in the background. Try as I may, I can not get into  this and like it. There is one song I'm partial to, which is Don't Go Off  Wandering. This isn't good and shouldn't be listened to unless you like  songs like Nookie. The lyrical abilities are terrible, but if that doesn't  matter and if you like stuff like Kid Rock or the new Vanilla Ice, you'll  love this.
B000002UV9|4.0|Another incredible effort from Queensryche, probably the album that  brought the most fans to the band.  The powerful &quot;Jet City Woman&quot;  and &quot;Another Rainy Night (Without You)&quot; are hard to ignore, not  to mention the pulling &quot;Silent Lucidity&quot;.  I think the best  tracks on the album, though, are the opener, &quot;Best I Can&quot; and the  questionin &quot;Anybody Listening?&quot;, a song that the listener tends  to get lost in.  Yes this is one of the best albums of all time, but you  are selling yourselves short if you don't own any of the bands other  albums.
B000002B7M|5.0|After being booted out of Black Sabbath in '78 for 'overindulgence,' Ozzy spent a few years being drunk and depressed.  And then he met Randy Rhoads,  a brilliant young guitarist, and things began to happen.  And Blizzard of  Ozz is one of those things.  Kicking off with the classic I Don't Know, see  if you can resist banging your head just a little.  Randy really shines in  this song, and in just about every other on the album, especially Crazy  Train, Dee, and Mr. Crowley.  The songs are not all the same, either.   Crazy Train is a heavy rock anthem almost, while Goodbye to Romance is a  soft, moody ballad, and Dee is Randy's classical guitar solo.  That guy was  just incredible; too bad he had to die so young.  This album remains as a  testament to Randy Rhoads and his guitar brilliance, and Ozzy's recovery.   This is a great album, a must have for Ozzy fans and a good starter for  those looking to become 'Ozzy Zombies,' as I like to call Ozz fans.  Happy  headbanging!
B000002UEB|4.0|This is a great album, like all of the bands albums.  It's hard to resist  songs like &quot;Revolution Calling&quot;, The Needle Lies&quot;,  &quot;Breaking the Silence&quot;, and &quot;I Don't Believe in Love&quot;.   Even with the concept of the album though, it seems a little more broken up  than some of their other records.  The story line just can't quite tie  everything together.  Not that I mind a concept album.  The story they  present here is very compelling, on man's pain on being controlled, slowly  being driven insane with nothing he can do about it, it would probably make  a great book or movie.  That's just my take on it, though, the album could  be interpreted any number of ways.  This is a great album, I just don't  believe that it is the bands best.
B000002B82|5.0|Since Randy Rhoads died, all Ozzy albums seem to have had that specter of Randy hovering over them, and they just didn't live up to his work, no  matter how good they are.  I think that with No More Tears, Ozzy has  reached a turning point.  The opening track, Mr. Tinkertrain, is a 5:55  straight up rock song, and it's a hell of a tune.  I Don't Want to Change  the World is great, it's got a real live vibe, meaningful lyrics and he won  a Grammy for it to boot.  Ozzy showcases some of his versatility on the  ballads Mama I'm Coming Home, and Road to Nowhere.  The title track, at  7:23, is nothing short of epic, and is an excellent song.<br />I'll confess  that the real reason I bought this album was the fact that on the Ozzman  Cometh, No More Tears was edited, and that intrigued me.  So I found out.   But in the process I loved the album.  This is an excellent addition to any  Ozzy fans collection.  Happy headbanging!
0064407667|5.0|I loved this book! the author Lemony Snicket has a greet imagination.......... an awsome book I loved it... 12 years young...
0440219078|5.0|The Giver is a page turner; it was so good that I found myself reading it for hours at a time. Obviously, I liked it very much. The book is set in  the world of the future, a world that looks almost perfect on the surface,  but which is very difficult for some within it. The central characters are  Jonas and the Giver. Jonas is a  sensitive boy of twelve who is the  Receiver of Memory. It is the Givers's job to pass theses memories along to  Jonas. When Jonas gets most of the memories, it is very painful for him,  because he can see the real pain that happens in the past while others in  his community can't. Great efforts are made to keep the people of the  community free from things that can be &quot;difficult&quot;-- such as  snow, sun, or any other extremes of weather. The people are also given pain  pills frequently if they feel any discomfort at all. There are no racial  tensions because the people in this society can't see color. Some believe  this is the best possible society. However, Jonas and the Giver realize   that to make things &quot;perfect&quot; incredible sacrifices are made. For  example, old people are put to death, and families don't have children--  they are given to them from the Nurturing Center. Babies who aren't perfect  are &quot;released,&quot;  which means they are killed.   One of my  favorite scenes in the book is when Jonas escapes from this community at  the end of the book , and makes a run for his freedom from this very  controlling society. I was so glad for him, because I wouldn't want anyone  to live in that kind of place. This book makes the reader realize that not  having everything &quot;perfect&quot; is a very good thing after all.   I  gave The Giver the highest rating possible because it was written in a way  that kept me interested, and because it is really important for people to  realize that a &quot;perfect&quot; society isn't worth striving for. It is  much better to live in a world with lots of different people in itfrom  lots of different races, and just do the best we can to help those among us  who aren't &quot;perfect,&quot; -- in other words-EVERYBODY!
